THE SEPARATION MOVEMENT. Year by year Australasia arouses keener interest among political students, as to the manner in which she is laying the foundations of her future greatness. We have visitors innumerable who come out to study our local political ques tions on the spot, and to learn for them selves how we are dealing with problems, which are conironung tne older popula tions of the world. One of the latest of these visitors was Mr. H. De R. Walker, who has since given his opinions to the world in a book which lie lias aptly named Australasian Democracy. It was impossible in such a survey that he could omit the ques tion of Queensland Separation. Nor has he done so. On the contrary, he has given it first place iu his chapter dealing with the problems of Queens land. We give in full in this issue his observations on the subject. These may appear far from fresh to us who are saturated with the subject, l-ut it must be remembered that Mr. Walker is not writing for an Australasian but a British public. Tlierefore lie was, per fe.cJtljJui3aIfeUltt^^ that may seem s'bmewliat 'elementary to us, and to deal rather freely in what may be called ancient history. Mr. Walker has been at pains to get up his facts, and it will be acknowledged that he has done so with great accuracy. It would be difficult indeed to take objeo tion to his account of the Separation movement, or his statement of the Central case. He acknowledges to have studied Separation from the Central point of view more thoroughly than Northern Separation, and in the oourso of his travels he visited RockUamptou and the Central Division. When here he called on Mr. Curtis, we believe, a fact which explains the accuracy of his narrative, and of his presentation of the case. Mr. Walker says perfectly truly that if Central Separation be granted then there cannot be a ghost of a reason for denying Separation to the North. If our claim is good geographical reasons make the North's claim irresistible. That has always been admitted here. Mr. Walker was therefore well advised in beginning his study of the question in the Central Division, for if he were satisfied with the validity of the claim here he need not go further north. That the bring ing of the question in this way before the British public is an advantage cannot be doubted. It keeps the sub ject to the front, and so secures that at any rate the politicians in England have a certain familiarity with it. In his preface Mr. Walker is careful to point out that lie deals with matters as they came before him in 1896. If changes since then have put a different aspect on certain matters, he wishes the flftte of his visit to be always re ipembered. This is very necessary in dealing with his statement that 'the ' enthusiasm for Separation is greatly ' on the wane in the Centre, owing to ' the strength of the Labour party, f which, in 1896, carried a majority of ' the Qentral seats, and to the inevitable f{ reaction wliich succeeds a period of !* excitement.' It was never correct to say that the enthusiasm for Separation in the Centre was on the wane, if by that is meant that the people had become indifferent to the question. But it is undoubtedly true that the success of the Labour party, and the hopelessness of taking any effective action at the moment, led a large number of people a couple of years ago to call a halt on the subject. Since then, however, there has been, a very remarkable change. It i§ now evident that the Labour party has to a very large extent, if not com pletely, dropped the revolutionary and socialistic projects wjiich it played with two or three years ago. And as that ha« become clear the antagonism to the party by all, who hold the preservation of settled order to be the first of all pojitical duties, has greatly diminished, fyhgn £he Labour members have shown that they are genuinely in earnest in their support of Separation, not from the belief in party advantage which Mr. Walker speaks of, but irpin a con Vjction that it is the only means by \yh}ch t|ie progress and prosperity of their constituents can b^ secured and increased. Then 'the inevitable re ' action which succeeds a period of ' excitement ' has itself passed away since Mr. Walker was in Central Queensland. The victory in the Assembly last session, due quite as much to the Labour members as to the other Separationists in the House, has wonderfully stimulated action on the question. Mr. Walker is also astray in his statement that the miners of Mount Morgan are indifferent to Separation, and the pastoralists are practically unanimous in their opposi tion to it. The people of Mount Morgan have never been indifferent to the ques tion. From the time it was first raised they have always given it a hearty support, and in every divison on the subject their member, Mr. Callan, has been found voting in its favour. When the labour troubles were acute a few years ago the pastoralists were indeed almost to a man opposed to Separation, believing it would mean the supremacy of the Labour party. Now, however, the change, both in the aims and methods of that party, and the more vivid per ception by the pastoralists of the dis abilities they suffer from under the present connection, has undoubtedly brought about a great change of opinion among them. It is certainly not correct to say that the majority of the resident pastoralists of the division are opposed to Separation, much less the entire body. It is plain to any observer that the time is at hand when a vigorous effort on behalf of Separation can be made with good hopes of success. The Com mittee of the Separation League met last week to discuss the present position of the movement and the best course to follow in the immediate future. At that meeting both Mr. Kidston and Mr. Stewart, two Labour members, were present by invitation. Little more than a year ago the same Committee formally censured Mr. Kidston for venturing to bring the subject of Separa tion before the House without first securing the approval of Mr. Curtis and itself. We do not recall this incident in order to stir up a now dead and cold controversy, but simply to show con clusively the great change which has occurred since 1896, the date of Mr. Walker's visit, in the relations between tiie prominent supporters of the Separa tion movement and the Labour party. Events move quickly in young com munities, and Mr. Walker's statement that ' the enthusiasm for Separation is ' greatly on the wane in the Centre ' owing to the strength of the Labour ' party ' is now very wide of the mark. 