ROUND-ABOUT NOTES. By " The Casual."! The ladies of New South Wales appear to be great admirers of our very own member, Mr. Barton. According to the Sydney journals, the eternal feminine, crowd the galleries when Mr. Barton is going to orate, and even 'trespass on the forbidden ground behind the Speaker's chair. All of which must be very nice — for Mr. Barton. During the election campaign, the fair ones of Ivempsey were just as eager to listen to the eloquent periods of Australia's " noblest son," and they greatly admired his gift of tongues, especially when he was dealing it out to the Minister for Works. After Mr. Barton's first meeting, I overhead a conversation between two of the charming visitors. " How I dote on Mr. Barton," said one, " what a beautiful smile he has ?" " Yes," responded her friend, " he is quite too charming ; and did you notice how the tears came into the dear man's eyes when he was telling us what he had done for the cause of Federation." That fragment of con- versation made me an opponent of womens suffrage. I respect the ladies too much to be a party to giving tbem a vote. Our mothers, sisters, cousins and aunts would plump every time for .the man gifted with a quite too utter charming manner, and our legislators would waste quite too much time in cultivating a " beautiful smile " so as to captivate their fair constituents." The ordinary woman knows just as much about politics as that red- polled bull the Macleay did not get, and we cannot allow this country to be run by a Parliament composed principally of men as beautiful as Apollo. The hard -faced individual generally makes the bet politican and he would not get the ghost of a show .if the ladies had a vo< Talking about that wonderful elec tion campaign reminds me that a number of Sir. Barton's supporters, with the best intentions in the world, could not find a big enough or bright enough halo to place around Mr. Bar ton's head. And lie is now reaping the reward of some of the indiscreet and high-fallutin' appellations applied to him. The common or garden variety of M.P., like the Australian small boy, has no bump of reverence on his cranium, and a lot of fun has been made about some of the fancy titles bestowed on the member for the Hastings and Macleay. The Bulletin very sensibly comments on the matter in this fashion : " How Barton must ourse the " eloquent" blatherer who labelled him " Australia's noblest son." He may be Australia's noblest son — but how absurd to say such a thing— except beside a grave ! And as to the people who talk about God taking this side, or that side, or any given political question, they should be smothered." a A A A She had been engaged as help to the family, but generally speaking was rather a hindrance. There was an amusing side to her incompetency, which saved her more than once, but even a tolerant mistress at length rebelled, and Mary was packing her box prior to leaving. "You!ll give me a reference, anyhow ; won't you, ma'am ?" " Well, I don't quite see how I can," explained the mistress, reluctantly; "you haven't been of much use to me, and it would hardly be fair to mislead someone else." " Oh," said Mary, who was apparently used to difficulties of that kirjd ; "All 1 want you to say is Mary Gormaq has been with me eighteen months. She <i id her best.' I have fottr other characters of that kind." The diplo matic reference was cheerfully given. o o o o . An anecdote illustrative of Prince ismarck's ability to put away strong drink is chronicled by the Birming ham , Post. According to August Hil- debraud, who has lived in Chicago for 40 years past, and who was Bis marck's valet for 16 years, a lieuten ant in the same regiment once chal lenged Bismarck to a drinking bout. Bismarck 'was mounted, ready to go for a ride, and the valet was in at tendance, but he at once accepted the challenge, and went into a tavern. They drank five bottles of heavy Rhine wines and five quarts of cham pagne, when the lieutenant declared himself satisfied, and ordered the valet to help his master on his horse. Bismarck mounted unaided, and started off at a gallop. His hat blew off, and he galloped after it, leaning over and picking it up without draw ing rein, then waved a farewell to his challenger, who could hardly stand in the tavern doorway. This valet re peatedly served him with 11 poached eggs at a time, while his master re marked, " August, if I am to work well, I must eat well." o o o o A touching story, not altogether new, is told in " C. H. Spurgeon's Autobiography" the telling, of course, is the main thing in the present in stance. Mr. Spurgeon writes that it came into his mind as he was reading over his wife's early love letters":;— « A married couple were crossing one of the great glaciers of the Alpine regions, when a fatal accident occurred. The husband fell down one of the huge crevases which abound on all glaciers — the rope broke, and the depth of the chasm was so great that no help could be rendered, nor could the body be recovered. Over the wife's anguish at her loss we must draw the veil of silence. Forty years after wards saw her, with the guide who accompanied them at the time of the accident staying at the nearest hotel to the fa# of the glacier, waiting for the sea of ice to give up its dead ; for by the well-known law of glacier- progression, the form of her long lost husband might be expected to appear, expelled from the mouth of the tor rent, about that date. Patiently, and with unfailing constancy, they watched and waited, and their hopes were at last rewarded. One day the body was released from its prison in the ice, and the wife lookedagain on the features of him who had been so long parted from her ! Bat the pathos of the old woman, while the newly-reseued body was that of quite a young and robust man, so faithfully had the crystal casket preserved the jewel, which it held so long. The forty years had left no wrinkles on that marble ' brow, Time's withering fingers could not touch him in that tomb, and so, for a brief few moments, the aged lady saw the husband of her youth as he was in the days which were gone for ever !" 