THE NUOVE LIST. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. DIAIONDS & DESTINY A Remarkable Story? Dolscover-aud Adventure. PART IX. a mad gallop the animals rushed on, and were guided by the crouching driver behind the building, where he got utene under control. Forbes, too, had drawn his revolver and was ready to sell his life dearly, while Constable Moss and Brady had not been idle T'hey, with the other passengers, had .ught shelter of the house and began to lire on the highwaymen, who were cdnpetied to bset a qutick retreat. Meanwhile \Valla e an I Forbes had entered tne building by the back way and were pra. t ,l.y sdae. "'Tie ?end of the world must be coming,', gasped the: bank manager, whose deathly pale face gave proof of the excitement under which he laboured. 'Good heavens! I think that man was Wills!' ' But are you sure, Mr. Forbes. Mightn't 'you,, be mistaken ? I've known Ben Wills for nine years, and a belt:r man there never was. Are you sure?' asked the constable. 'As sure as I am alive at tnis very moment. , Didn't you hear his voice, too, and that ought to be, enough. Yet what can the. motive be of the second attack ? Poor Marlow has followed the sergeant, brutally imur dered,' spoke Forbes 'What are you going to do, Wal lace?' queried the trooper. ' I'm going to Goulburn in spite of all the ruflians in the bush. It's'come to a bad pass when men'like Wills should turn highwaymen. The mails are still in the coach, and 'll take them if I have to go-alone,'-answered the intrepid driver. ' It's like tempting fate, Alex, but if you go so will I. There would be no use in these ruffians killing one of is now, for all of us have the clue. Unless they can massacre every nother's son in this house they can't escape detection,' spoke Constable Moss. 'Shure an' they .might try that same. Liedad,'we'll have to be on our guard anyway,' interrupted Brady tn a serious voice. 'Then let one-half of us stay here and the other lot go on to Goulburn. 1'll go or stay, just as you like,' said Constable Moss. Acting on the courageous resolve of Driver Wallace, 'it 'was soon de cided thatthe joumrneyshouldbe cori tinued though the risk was undoubtedly very great. So far none of the attacked party had connected Alfred Marlow with the outrage. The fact that their ill-fated fellow traveller had met his death on what was expected to be his wedding-day was clear enough, but it was looked upon as a misadventure in connection with an attack for plunder. The real motive did not dawn upon the party at the time, or they might have been less fearful of attack. The natural conclusion was that the return of the highwaymen was due to a desire to secure the maiils, which had .pparently, been overlooked. How fateful that second onset was the reader can probably guess. Had it not been for the death-grip of poor Marlow on the false beard of Ben Wills the perpetrators of the Braid wood coach robbery might never have been discovered, and the history of the League of Braidwood would have remained unwritten. As it was, a strong clue was afforded, and oven in death 'Marlow avenged himself, After waiting for nearly an hour without any signs of the highwaymen being seen. Wallace boldly left the shelter of the house and secured his coach and team. The horses had been standing quietly near the stable, and there was no difficulty to such an experienced driver in getting them under control and bringing the vehicle to the back door of Brady's house. It was then agreed that Constable 'Moss and two of the passengers should travel inside the coach, each being well armed and on the alert for an attack. The constable considered it would be safer for him to take an outside seat than ride openly on horseback, from which he could easily be shot down from an ambush. There was no possibility of Wal lace so securing himself, but he was used to danger, and did not shrink form the paril. Besides he had a plan resolved on which might add to the safety of himself and the pas senlgers. After removing the body of Marlow and placing it beside that of Sergeant .slitcnam, the coach left on its journey to Goulburn, but under very different circiumstances to its arrival at Brady's. Forbes renitiinvd behind with a pas aenner i:anred l hnald, and with Brady niJ Samn they Icit equal to delending themiselves against probable attack. After going about half a m'ile from lirady's alos g the direct road to (;nuiburn, Driver Wallace suddenly turned his team into the low scrub which fringed the side of a range and ipluntged i.t 'he bush, much to the surpit ise f the coach inmates. \\\Bh,t's ti e matter, Alex?' asked the trooper, puttintg his head out through the window antd looking up. SIn'm going to try a bush track. Our lives wouldn't be ',orth a penny piece if we keep on the main road. 'Those rascals are tvaiting for us sure enough,' r: sponded the driver, _ , YutLt_tL:k they willbe at the big gap?' asked Moss * I do, and it we can turn that spot all will be wesll. Lesve me alone now, .Moss, anai iook out f.)- the thie\es and miuierers, for it will take me all my time to st er alonig,' curtly \- swered the driver. L'his was true enough, for the route taken by'Wallace seemed an utterly impracticable one, and perhaps none but a daring fellow impelled by a deep sense of danger would have taken it, For five long hours he guided the team through obstacles which would have deterred almost anyone, and it was just rpon sunset whe-- to-the-joy-of himself and his companions the coach emerged on the high road. This was at a point some four miles on tile Goulburn side of the dreaded Big Gap, and as Wallace whipped up the jaded team he felt that the great danger was over. In that belief he was right; for Goulburn was reached safely and the alarm given. It was Constable Moss who pro ceeded to the Royal Hotel immediately after he had reported the tragedy at Brady's to his superior officer. He knew that the murdered man Marlow had tomeet Michael-Farnham and -his daughte: Rose at that place, and the errand which the constable took was not, by any means a pleasant one. So far none but the police and a few others knew the particulars of the tragedy, and Moss felt that it was his duty to enlighten the Farnhams re garding the matter, for they must be full of anxious expectancy. He was shown into a private room at the large hotel, and in a few minutes Michael Farnham, the owner of Narrigo Station, entered. He was a man of some fifty years of age, with grizzled beard and face, the lines of which showed the owner had 'roughed it' in hiis time. Tile mouth was firm, whilst the sharp chin and keen steel grey eyes gave evidence that Farnham possessed more than a fair share of resolution and determination. The constable was known to the owner of Narrigo, for his first words were: ' What kept you so late, Moss ? On a day like this, above all others.' 'There has been trouble, sir; but I'm sorry you and Miss Farnham should be disappointed. I--' '9hhwitwasahe goldl- was thinking about, not the approaching marriage. What happened? A smash?' inter rupted the squatter in an off-hand manner. ' Far worse than that, sir,' sulkily responded the constable, nettled by the manner oFarifiham. 'Thec ach has been attacked and robbed.' 'Robbed! the devil it has, and pray what were you doing, Moss? Are you aware I was interrested in the gold carried to some extent? 'Well, it has all gone, and more than that, too. There have been precious human lives lost, and so far as I'm concerned I did my duty, Mr. Farnham, as I always do,' responded the constable in an aggressive manner. 'Human lives lost, did I hear you say ?' interrupted a low sweet voice -as-the- half?ripen -door-was- pushed back and a young woman entered the room. The speaker appeared to be about twenty-two or twenty-three years of age, and though not what might be reckoned handsome, there was an ex pression in her face which was good to see. She was rather under than over middle stature, and, her figure was slight. The deep grey eyes and resolute mouth proclaimed her a daughter of Michael Farnham, though the magnificent tresses of golden hair which crowned the well-shaped head did not correspond with the jet-black locks-now being tinged with grey of her father. The constable looked confused at the entrance of Rose Farnham-for she it was- and for a few moments did not reply. Then lie said: ' There has been trouble with the Braidwood coach, Miss, and I was just telling your father.' 'Trouble! Of what sort? Did I not hear you say there were lives lost?' queried the girl, changing colour. 'The gold has been taken, Miss,' evasively answered Moss. ' Is that all ?' pointedly asked Miss Farnham. ' Well-no, not quite all. I will tell your father about it,' blurted out the trooper. ' Tell him and then I will listen. Perhaps it concerns me,' spoke Rose Farnham in a tone of anxiety. 'The fact is, Sergeant Mitcham was killed to-day at Brady's by four high waymen who surprised us and stole four boxes of gold.' 'And where were you, Moss?' in terrupted Farnham for the second time. ' I was sent in by the sergeant to have some refreshment with the pas sengers. There was no one at the coach but the sergeant. We managed to drive the ruffians away, but they got the gold,' said Moss. 'Locking tile stable-door when the steed is stolen,' sneered the squatter. ' If you had been there you could not have done any more than we did. It's all very well to talk about a matter you don't understand, sir. These four mcnwAvere benton murder, andi were not content with gold. They made a second attack and killed another of our party--cne whom you are interested in,' indignantly retorted Moss, 'Ah ! a second attack i' muttered the squatter sinking into a chair with a vague sense of impendting evil. ' Who was it, Moss? Let us know,' he fiercely spoke, rising to hisr feet in suppressed agitation, 'Alfred Marlow,' said thIe constable in low tones, looking tow.rds thie girl and expecting a scene. In that Ire was disappointed, for the squatter stowed infinitely more perturbation than his daughter. Miss Farnhamt certainly turned deadly pale, and with a gasp sank down on the sofa beside which she hIad been standing. -The owner of Narrigo-Station,-how ever, seenmed absolutely paralysed with the annourncement, and for nearly a mirute remained in dazed silence. Then with an effort . shook off the lithargy and said i , e ,nfursed voice: 'You mean to tell me that Marlow was killed in this attack. Did he re sist the robbery, or how did it come about? Surely there must be a mis take, Moss.' 'I am sorry to say it is too true. Marlow was sitting in the coach with Ft rbes when the four ruffians galloped up and shot him. He managed to pull the false beard off one of the murderers, and he has been recog. nised, sir.' 'Alth ! who-who is the scoundrel ?' panted the squatter. ' Ben Wills, of the Shoalhaven Store and public-house. He ' A low, gasping cry from Rose Farnham interrupted Constable Moss,. and turning, he saw that the girl had regained her feet and was standing pale as a ghost and trembling most violently. 'Wills! Did you say Wills?' she asked. \- Y-es, -Miss-Farnhami it-was -Ben Wills sure enough, as Wallace and Forbes can prove. Who the other three were we don't.yet know, though the clue obtained will soon be followed up. We had a rare job to get here, sir,' Constable Moss continued, turning to the squatter. 'These fellows would have killed every one of us it they could so as to destroy identification. Wallace is certain they were waiting for us at the Big Gap, but he took a bush road and got round the place.' 'And where-where is Mr. Marlow now ?' asked Farnham, not heeding the constable's recital. 'At Brady's. A party of mounted policemen will be leaving for there in half-an-hour's time, so the inspector told me. The magistrate starts at day light, and I'm going with him.' ex plained Moss. ' I'll go to Brady's with the constable, Rose, and you had better stay here until this affair is settled,' suddenly spoke the squatter. 'I would much rather go home, father. I can easily get across without you,' answered Rose. -'??Why-can'-you stay here-?'irepeated her father. 'For several reasons. One is that I don't care to be pointed at as ah object of curiosity. This affair will be on everybody's lips to-morrow, and I would rather go home.' '?Veli, do so, Rose.- I'll make arrangements with Grainger to send you over, and I will be able to let you know all about this affair when I return. It is best I should go on to Brady's and look after poor Marlow's affairs. He hasn't a relative in the colony that I know of,' answered the girl's father as be left the room to make prepara tions for his early morning's journey. ' Who was with W'ills, Mr. Moss?' suddenly asked Rose Farnham as the squatter went out. It was not the question so much as the tone of it which-ahnost tartled-the-trooper.- ' None of us can tell, Miss Farnham. When Marlow was shot a tall young fellow dressed like a sailor was along side the coach. Of the other two, one was got up as a negro or a blackfellow, and the other was a stout clean-shaven fellow.' 'These were disguises, I suppose,' queried Rose. ' Of course they were, but we'llsoon penetrate them with the clue we've' got. The telegraph is already at work, and the police from Braidwood have goneonLto_Wills'lace_ by his time to arrest him on suspicion,' explained_ the constable. 'But will he be there? If the party is lying in wait at the Big Gap, how can they have gone back to the Shoal. haven?' pertinently asked ther girl,. though her voice trembled with anxit ty. To BE CO'sinSeD. : .:' . . . 