'*-*' -fran-i^. ?? -. . ?— — ~^ — -. -.T-r- ^ ? - . ? ' ' « ' ' ' = -Mgmsmwm?§*mi w^ppw^gywy | CHAPTER XTV.— ConasoEM. Explanations were in order and soon the stalwart Irishman, with a heart as big as a mountain, more or less, according *o the size of the mountain, put bis arm about the back of the chair, and, in a moment, the young gentleman was stretched on* on one of those mammoUi 'settees' which used to adorn the rooms of our grandparents. Mrs. ' Sol-Hi brought a huge bed-spread aad threw it over him, and in an incredibly short fame Pinnie was sound asleep, dreaming of a Miss Jssand a Hiss Wass, and paint palettes. At 8 o'clock be was still sleeping, and word was sent over to the cottage as we ha\e seen., . At 9 o'clock he was awakened; the little dimity maid gave him a cop of tea, and put him to bed. And thus Pinnie had fallen tinto good hands. Ten o'clock came as usual, and so did 11. Then Mrs. North, was a little startled by a (knock at the door. Bonar brought in a note i and a package sent up by one of ihe trusted iclerks. The note stated that a 'directors' {meeting' would keep Conrad down; town mnlal late, and suggested that she retire and inotsUfop for him. He also requested that the package be placed in the muniment room, andstated that one of the old watch men of the office was even then on the grounds to keep an eye on the premises. The package was soon stowed away, and so was Mrs. North; and all the great house was stall, Mrs. North slept well, the storing of Valuables in the muniment room being of frequent occurrence. The slow hows of the night creptsjlentb/ on, the moon rising full and high oviar the long pile of brick and masonry, and peeping through the trees. The faithful watchman fined and refilled his pipe, and tramped back and forth upon that* side of the house where the treasure was stored. About 1 o'clock the ferry whistle snorted as though angry at the late call, and the sound went echoing over hill and forest It struck wildly opon Pinole's unaccustomed ears, as he lightly ' slept in the vast bed, and he awakened in some slight alarm. It took a moment for him to realize where be was in-the darkness — a darkness trimmed with the silver moon* light streaming into bis room.. . He beard a key thrust into iHe door, a step coining softly np the stairs, a door open and - snnt— and all was stall- He turned;- .over once more to sleep— but his eyes would not stay closed. :.J £ The late entrance was by Conrad. An hour after, in the heavy shadows of the trees, upon the east adeot the house, where, the low moon was casting a dark- pathways of gloom from the tall chimneys to the trees, a man sat on the ground, calmly watching the comfort of the faithful old guard, not ten rods away. He -was etui peacefully smoking his pipe. It was a tall, thin, cadav erous oldman— -and we have met him before, thoughnow no sepulchral cough warns as of his presence. His face was not now of ashen hue. His eyes wece bright and luminous — his ears keen to the unfolding of the beetle's wing. Every 6ense was alert. . He carried nothing in his hands but around his waist was a cord, and on one end a'small steel grapneL In his belt a sheath knife was hidden, and a pistol, both under a loose blouse. As the shadows deepened the old man rose from the ground, stepped forward to the lim it of the shadows, as silently as a* cat -and Hrisklyasafox. Inspecting the ground a moment, he darfc \- ed to a dark recess in the building— and to a portion of the structure where no sleepers Were near 'within. A moment later and he wasonthe roof of the moonlit side— the guard feeing upon the other. He softly crept-alottg : the 'edge of the roof with his feet in the huge gutters. He seemed to. know bis strength, and paused not a moment in his progress until beneath the largest chimney on the building. He then, threw fcl«H»»K flatly upon the steep roof, and, with the aid of the kedge, or grapnel, crawled to the . mammoth fines. He knew fall well that no guard could distinguish a man's head or body at that distance amid the -varying forms and shadows of the roofs. A moment thereaftera dark form emerges from the blackened wall of a large fireplace, in the great old diningroomof the ancestral wing of the North homestead. It hugs the wall in crouching attitude, with tread si lenced by the wool on the soles of his shoes. Creeping thus to the further end, he reaches ?a panel which he can only distinguish in the i^lnrl.-nBsg by touch. Having located the .place, he restfully straightens up and peers (round the room, which apparently is of the 'width of the structure, having . /windows at both ends. He waits until' his (jjes^enlarge to meet the Aarfnuts The opinm_ does its work. They are luminous, and, like' two phosphorescent balls, burn in the gloom like ?Bia two flaming eyes of the panther.' Though unseen, his face is aglow, and his heart fired with an irrepressible courage. But be does not foiECt his ritual. Skill is useless with out safety. Swiffiybedarteacrosstheroam. and tries to unfasten a window and push it open. It is in vain. It is securely, locked. Without a momeiit'sdelay he takes from his blouse a little brace and drill bit. Inanother moment he is grinding away at the glass with a well-oiled drill of the hardest steel, and in an astonishingly short time it is through. He takes from, another pocket a roll of black cloth. As he unrolls it an oiled paper is taken off and the cloth pressed firin lyagainst the pain of glass. It sticks tight ly to every part. Then the old 'man inserts the drill into.the hole be has bored, presses sideways— and, the glass breaks in every direction: but not a piece falls to the floor, nor is there anynoise. The glass is f holly glued to the cloth. If driven from his wort £-y-4sngsr, he witt plunge headlong through this opening, but otherwise go as he came. He now returns to bis panel Not over ten minutes have been lost With the' .butt end of his sheath knife tie worms a hole under the panel and pries it up. He bends np the painted metal, but the bolt of the lock does not give way. The old man's slender hand is inserted— and the keys are bis. Now the vault is opened— both doors. The burglar enters, closing the inner and lighter door behind him. A 'lucifer' is scratched and a dark lantern lighted. It is the su preme moment, to a ghoul who preys upon his fellows. And his rapid beast-beats are audible to the old man in the silence — a silence which lie can almost feel within those brick walls. The package lies before him. gig bands are upon it. WTiatif, during this work of darkness, in the mysterious night, there had been a man of stout heart and herculean frame in that old dining room of the Norths? What if this man, whose courage may have been tested in the hot battle, were to calmly seat n*''=rff in file dark shadows, while those two visible eyeballs swept around tba room, and thus watch the cata mount cut its way silently through glass! And then follow them through iron doors to a windowless vault! And suppose this wit ' nesssilently follows into the thick darkness and musty air, and feels that there were two entombed — whence but one could come forth alive! And finally, what if that desperate old cat lights his candle-lantern, seizes the treasure, turns quickly around; and finds himself face to face, not with a giant, but with— Pinnto! 'Ye gods! But what a scene! The 6M man cried aloud, stepped back a pace or two, dropped the package and trem bled from head foot— -a cold prespiration covering his body. 'The .ghost!' he murmured. His ruddy face was white with fear, and the ashen hue crept over and upon it. The effect of the drug was overcome by fear and a hollow cough tilled the vault. It was all in a moment. Before the start led face of the youth had evidenced bis won der, with paled lips at that phantom before him, quick as the flash of light from bis knife the old deril leaped to his victim, and flesh «r spirit, graced the yielding iEorm by tbe .fhro&t; and bore it to the stony, floor. His knife was raised to strike! Bat the light reached that face before the knife. The descending knife swerved to the stone floor and the blade was broken from the hasp! Thablow had been parried by those grape purple eyes— and a hopeless face which he had seen before. 'Dirtordevilfbe hissed as he loosened bis hand upon the throat. . But there was no answer. ? 'Speechless! Then, by heavens, von are spirit!' Stall the night eyes looked, calm and gen tle, into his. The old wretch was fascinated. He took his hand feoni the throat and stroked the brow of the boy. 'Surely you are flesh and blood, Hubert?' But not .a word from Knnie, The old man shook him. 'Say, are yon real!' Thelips parted and muttered some thing too indistinctly to be beard. 'By heavens! yofc are real, or 'else this drugiias played xaetafee.' Then suddenly he changed his tone to gentleness. 'Look here, boy, I want to know who you are— ?whsjtiEyournamer 'Pinnie,' gasped the youth as if in night mare. The robber was thrilled as by an electric shock. 'See here, boy; is your name Pumief 'Yes,' . . 'Where did you get it! Did that come from * Spaniard' catted the Tjgert' 'Yes.' 'Hejl and fcryi Where did you come from?4 'The sea,' replied the youth, a brightness in his look. '4m I dreaming, and this but the phan tom of that drug! Youngioan, trine have you toeentfortweMtirsieaisf : 'At the school.' ' Wbere do you; live nowf 'Where you saw me before.' 'Well, boy, I shall not harm yon, nor let any one. else. But don't you ever let that' Spanish devil get his hands on you, or your ' time will be at hand.' 'Who. are youf asked the boy with more confidence. ''Never mind. Your name is Hubert— bat i make no changes now.' 'And you-— are ? f 'S^op! Say not another word.' But it was not necessary to caution him. -die ex traordinary influence of the face before and over him and the expectation of death bad sustained me frail boy. That removed, he fell back upon the outlaw's aim uneonseioUB. The robber laid him. gently upon the floor and .arose. Quickly grasping the treasure, he passed through the vaulted doors and passed to the fireplace. But in that ten ee co ids a terrible struggle had been going on in the crime-scarred breast of the man. He paused ainomont and drew deep sighs. The next step was backward. Betracing, he se- entered the vault, replaced the packet —and vanished. He could not condemn his own eon to shame, and perhaps to prison. CHAPTER XV. A STRJ3GHT STOBY. AXD A. feUXHSTJIi US. 'Help! Help!' ' A smothered cry came up from eomewhere. It was unanswered, 'Help, oh, help, Mr. North!', agais tame forth from the somewhere,' likeihe cry of an infant from beneath a heavy «o«Briag. It softly ?permeated the okl oaken tdfnine room and may have reached the hall which opened into the modern reception room— but there died out like phantom footfalls. 'Help! Help! Where am If A comfortable watchman, on that com fortable night, was comfortably smoking his pipe, looking to the east to notice the first streak of the rich red dawn. The stars had paled slightly and the deep, dark color of the now moonless sky took on a glimmering lus ter of violet before the rayless arch surrend ered to red and blue. 'THE BLOW HAS BEEN FABBIED BT THOS* GRAFE-PCBPLE EYES, AND A HOPELESS FACE HE HAD SEEN BEFORE.' He raised his hand to push the ashes from his pipe— but held it midway motionless. His ear caught the rippling echo of some distant calL He turned on his heel— and again — and again — came the sound of a woman's voice. But its origin was a myste ry. First be caught it from the house walls and again from the woods— and then from the sky. He ran softly to a large window, on that side of the building where he had been walking to and fro, and listened again. 'It is too early for them to be getting around in the house,' be said, and began to walk around close to the walls of the building. When be came to the old dining-room win dow he noticed that one of the paces of glass gave no reflection of the sky. He came cautiously upand undertook to touch it with bis hand. But it did not touch. His band entered the building! At the same time he beard the cry, now more distinctly: 'Help! Help!' 'Yes, yes. Who's there?' shouted the watch, placing hie face to the broken win dow. 'It's mel It's mel' came the response. 'Where are you? Where ami!' 'Well, I don't know where you are— I know where I am. Who are you!' 'I — I — am — I don't know who I ami' re plied the voice. 'I can't get outl' The reader can imagine that Pinnie, as we shall continue to call him for the present, told the truth. He did not know who he was at that moment. And in that suffocating moment when the truth poured in upon him he dis covered that he must tell all he knew — or nothing of importance to himself. Pinnie was not a fool, as we have before observed. 'You don't know who you are I Well, I should think likely,' said the watchman as be crawled into the room. 'We will help you to find out.' He scratched an enormous match, and at ths t&KVf;* time a voice came from the hall way: 'Hello, there! An' phwat's the matter wid ye?' The door opened and in strode Bonar. 'An' phwat's the foosaboot!' 'That's what I want to know,' said the watch. '.Everything is all right till morn ing, and then some gal-baby cries for help, and a devQ a bit do I know where she is or who she is. Say, hello there!' be yelled. 'Yes, sir,' said the voice. 'That's the voice of Mr. Pinnie, I am be lliviny quickly suggested Bonar in sur prise. 'And who is Mr. Pinnie?' asked the watch. But before the question was answered an other person entered and demanded to know the cause of the racket. Bat he also had difficulty in finding out. 'The watch walked across the room to where the voice seemed to come, and there in the lightening gloom he noticed the broad panel-like door of the vault. 'Mr. North, what is this?' Conrad noticed that the door was open, and immediately called: *\Are you in the vaultP1 To die amazement of alia voice replied: VYes, sir; / think so.' North was almost too surprised to speak. 'Bonar, what is that?' 'Faith, an' I wad av axed ye the same question.' 'Where are the keys to the vault!' 'An' they're where they ought to be, sir— Howly Moosis!' he shouted. 'But will ye look at the like o' that!' and be pointed to the small panel, doubled up on itself. *iWe have been robbed,' said Conrad slowly. 'And we probably have one of the robbers caged,' His remarks were cut off by the pushing open ot the outer door, and the sudaen a^ pani-nnr-g of the youth. He had been guided to the location of the doors by their voices, and found the inner door closed so that not a particle of the morning light had* entered his prison. And when he came forth from his grave, it was no wonder that two of the span who h-'^ never seen him- were startled. The watch was thoroughly frighteaedl And it was all that Conrad could do to hold his courage. This was not the robber that he was looking for! Bonar was the only one who retained his balance. 'Atfphwatbeyedoin' in that hole for F* 'I don't know!' said the youth, turning to Mr! North. 'Who is this, Bonarf asked Conrad, in rather severe tones. 'Tell the gintleman who ye be, Misther Pinnie,' suggested Bonar. 'Who are yon, my boy, and what are you doing in our muniment room'' asked North. 'I don't think I can tell you now, sir. ' Conrad took Bonar by the shoulder aside and said. 'Is this a lunatic or what P* 'l$r. North,' said Pinnie, coming forward with a fragile step, 'I think I can tell you better alone; I am not strong enough to stand up longer.' 'Bit down, boy. Bonar give me the can dle.' Conrad took the light, entered the dark room and to his surprise found the package on the floor where it bad been, thing. At this moment a strvant girl entered tha room, took in the situation, shrieked three or four times, and in five minutes the whole house was in an uproar. Conrad took Pinnie into the library, leav ing Bonar and the watch and the vault. In a few moments he began to tell how he hap pened to be in the house, and then impris oned in the vault. 'I didn't sleep welL I heard you come home. Then I think the moonlight kept me awake. By and by something fell on my bed. It was the'cover to a chimney hole in the wall. I looked np and conid Bee the black hole. -I couldn't keep my eyes off from ft.' 'Yes, yes, go on,' said North with impa tience. Pinnie had now been talking a good while and was acting a little strangely. ♦?Yes, sir, but I can't think very well now— I have been very bad— and I am sick now, sir— vary eick!' Conrad rang the bell violently and'when the little dimity maid cams in, all excite ment, be told her to bring in water and wine, 'and hurry it up, too!' And no one knows the amount of speculation this order caused in and about (he kitchen. Pinnie took deep draughts of the water, but scarce ly tasted the wine — which at once elevated him in Conrad's estimation. And then he continued: 'I heard a scrap ing in the chimney- hole, and I got np and put my hand in, and it touched something like an old shoe, and the moment I touched it it was taken away. So I dodged down, having heard that sometimes robbers came down chimneys. And then I saw the white bed was all black with soot, and I was afraid that Mrs. North wouldn't like it.' 'Yes, yes,' said North, again getting im patient. 'So I— I— I almost forget— it was so long ago! I think I thought that some one was - trying to steal, and then you might think it was me. So it seemed that loughttogetMr. Bonar, or do something. And though I was frightened I got up and put on my panta loons and stockings, so as to be decent, and went down the stairs in the dark. Themoan shine was very bright in the hall, but I didn't know where to find Bonar, and in a few moments the moonshine began to go out. Then I carefully opened the door at the end of the hall— very still— and I could see the shape of a man working at the window.' And so Pinnie told the story of how he had watched every movement of the burglar — and* how once he actually sat in a chair, and again crouched beside the sideboard — and at length followed him into the vault. 'Were you not afraid?' asked Conrad. 'Yes, sir. I trembled a good deal, because I was sick— but I moved awful stilt' 'Why did you not cry out and call the watch?' 'I did not know yon kept a watch, sir. I was afraid to cry out.' 'Why did you not come away as soon as. he went into the muniment room and alarm us?' . 'I did not know that it was the muniment room — I was. never in one before.' 'When be threw you down, why did be not take the treasurer1 'I don't know what the treasure is you speak of. He had a package of something in bis hand the last I saw him.' 'My boy, you are the bravest lad ever known. You go to bed now, if yon wish. And you need not worry any more about a borne, as I understand you to say that is what you came to me for. You have bought a home and paid well for it.' (Tobttonlhuud.) 