THEATRICAL NOTES. [From our Special Correspondent] London, April 29, 1898. The most interesting event in the world of theatricals this week was the reappearance of Miss Kate Terry on the stage after an absence of 30 years. The occasion was the first pro- duction of Mr. Stuart Ogilvie's new play "The Master," at tbe Globe Theatre on Saturday, and it was due to Miss Terry's acting as much as anything that this entirely commonplace comedy won the approval of the first nighters. As it is unlikely that Australasia will ever be troubled with the play I shall content myself with the briefest possible out- line of the story:—Old Faber is a stockbroker, a millionaire, with an affectionate wife, a son who prefers the army to the city, and a daughter who prefers her own sweetheart Walter to her cousin Charles, the man of her father's choice. Faber is an obstinate, self- willed, ill-tempered old man. He orders his son to abandon the commission he has obtained, and his daughter to give up Walter. When they refuse he orders them both to leave his house, and takes Charles, who is a scamp, into partnership. The son goes out to India and wins the Victoria Cross, the daughter marries Walter and be- comes the mother of a baby, thereby giving Mrs. Faber an irresistible temptation to visit her unknown to Faber. Charles, who is steal- ing securities from the safe, discloses Mrs. Faber's defection from the master's regime, and when a telegram comes that the daughter is alone and in trouble because Walter has gone down a mine at the head of a relief ex- pedition, Mrs. Faber decides to go again to the young mother, though Faber declares that if she does she shall never enter his house again. When Faber is left alone he has to learn from Thurkettle, his confidential clerk, that Charles has robbed him, and that he has been saved from ruin only by Mrs. Faber's sacrifice of her own money. At this crisis Mrs. Faber returns, the old man gives way, and is reconciled to his children. The part of Faber pere is taken by Mr. John Hare, and as the fiery father, domineering husband, and irritable employer, impassibly stupid in his self-will—he naturally dominates the piece. The part suits him and he makes the most of it. His son, Mr. Gilbert Hare, gave a most finished piece of character-acting as the old clerk, Thurkettle. Miss Terry as Mrs. Faber had but little scope for those talents which made her one of the finest actresses of her time, but she made the most of her opportunities and won the unani- mous approval of her audience. "LORD AND LADY ALGY." In "Lord and Lady Algy" Mr. R. C. Carton has provided the Comedy, with a thoroughly amusing and entirely inoffensive light comedy, which should attract good houses far on into the summer, and has pro- vided Mr. Charles Hawtrey with a part which though it doesn't give him any oppor- tunity for displaying his talent as a tarra- diddler, gives this accomplished actor a chance of showing his real powers. Mr. Haw- trey ought to be grateful to Mr. Carton, for Charles has masqueraded so long as a superb liar that I'm convinced he would soon have found some difficulty in getting people to believe his statements off the stage, if indeed he did not begin to ex- perience some difficulty in speaking the truth as a private gentleman. But to the story of the comedy:—Lord and Lady Algy have separated by mutual consent, because their tastes in small matters do not agree. Both have complete liberty, but Algy, though he occa- sionally in the slangy language of his set "kicks up his heels," runs straight, and Lady Algy, whose word is not to be doubted, de- clares that she has always kept ''within the rails." They detest priggishness, and thereby set an example to Algy's elder brother, the Marquis of Quarmby, a shining light at Exeter Hall but a rake at heart. Quarmby is carrying on a flirtation with a married lady, and as there is some difficulty in finding a suitable venue for their meeting, be proposes to invite the lady to dine at Algy's flat. The obliging younger brother has no sooner given his consent than he is visited by his old friend Brabazon Tudway, a wealthy bone- boiler, who does not get on very well with his young wife, and begs Algy to come to the fancy-dress ball she is giving tbe next night to whisper a word of warning as he (Tudway) has to go into the country. Mrs. Tudway is the lady of whom Quarmby is in pursuit, and the discovery of her portrait (left by Quarmby) on the table convinces the husband that Algy is a despicable hypocrite. Instead of leaving town he determines to remain and be his own watchdog. The second act is devoted to the fancy dress ball given by Mrs. Tudway, whose husband in place of quitting London has re- turned disguised in order to watch his wife. To the house comes Lord Algy in a semi- inebriated condition and attired as the Duke of Marlborough, his one desire being to find Mrs. Tudway, implore her to respect her husband's honor, and then hasten back to bed. But in his bemused state he contrives to muddle up matters so that it is he and not his brother who is eventually denounced by the furious Tudway as the cor- rupter of his wife. Only to Lady Algy is the truth patent, and in the presence of the sur- prised guests she quietly steps forward and taking her tipsy husband's arm leads him away. Meanwhile Quarmby has arranged to elope with Mrs. Tudway, and they are to meet at Algy's flat. Here, of course, all the characters, from varying motives, assemble. Mrs. Tudway is first, then her husband, then Quarmby, and finally Lady Algy, who as usual clears the air. Mrs. Tudway goes off with her husband, who, though he has not learned the truth, is satisfied that he has done an injustice to Algy, and the other characters leaving Lord and Lady Algy are left alone. As the result of a recent race Algy is completely "broke," but his wife has won £9,000, and she means to spend it with him. Each understands the other better than before, and Lady Algy has come to stop. As a proof of this she accepts one of Algy's Egyptian cigarettes, though she prefers Turkish, and the curtain falls. The piece is splendidly acted all round, and, in the language of the Lady Algy, there ought to be "pots of money in it." "LA MARTYRE." Mr. Jean Richepin's new play, "La Martyre," produced at the Theatre Francais on Sunday night last with every indication of success, will not, I am afraid, achieve the honor of being adapted for the English stage. From the accounts of the Paris correspondent of the home papers it seems to be a jumble of "The Sign of the Cross" and "The Daughters of Babylon," flavored to suit the Parisian palate. The scene is laid in Rome in the days of the early persecuted Christian church, and the plot of the play may be thus briefly indicated:—Thomrys, a slave girl, is in love with Latro, a slave gladiator, who is in love with Flammeola, a wealthy Roman lady, who is in love with Johannes, a Christian priest, who is in love with the Church. The scene of the first act is laid in a garden, with a view of ancient Rome in the background. There Flammeola makes the acquaintance of Johannes. The second act takes place on a public square in Rome. The lame, half blind Christians running after Johannes, form a wonderful and also amusing crowd of converted sinners. There are spectacular incidents like this in every act. Flammeola, who in the first act appeared as an idle society woman, longing for some new sensation, begins to feel that she is attracted—but whether by Johannes' doctrine or his person does not appear. Johannes believes Flammeola's love to be purely spiritual. What a triumph for the Church to win as a convert a lady who is the friend of Cssar! She is very inquisitive and wants to see the mystery of the mass, which none but the baptised can behold. Johannes, hoping the sight may cause her to open her mind to the faith, stretches a point and admits her. This is the cause of a good deal of mis- understanding. Another priest ready to be- lieve the worst thinks that Johannes is about to lose his soul. There is still more trouble to come. The slave girl Thomrys could but wail at the gladiator's passion for his mistress Flammeola, but now that Johannes seems to be paying attentions to the lady his jealousy is aroused, and the slave girl seeing this urges him to commit a crime. He stabs Johannes. We find out in the next act that the injury was not fatal. Johannes is being nursed in Flammeola's house. He does not suc- cumb, however, and learning that Christians are persecuted he determines to confess his faith. Just then Roman soldiers, informed by Latro, carry him away a prisoner. The last act is tremendously sensational. A prison in the Coliseum. The huge bronze gates are swung open and there is Johannes, crucified in the midst of an amphitheatre. He has been there 21 hours and is dying. Flammeola moved by the sight of Johannes on the cross tells the prætor that she is a Christian, but Latro saves her from martyrdom by stabbing her. She crawls to the foot of the cross, where Johannes baptises her with his own blood prior to giving up the ghost and bring- ing the play to an end. 