SQUIRE JOH;p OR· FOR THE LOVE OF A BONNIE SCOTCH LASSIE. By ST. GEORGE RATIIHOIxNt. uthor tof "Under Egyptran Skies," "Mi-ss Pauline of New York," Etc. CRAPTER XIV.THE MAN WHO O?NED THE ENGINE. The information which Smither? --poor dejected Smither--conieys in such a selancholhy manner is certainly aman ing and terrible enough to daunt the stoutest heart. Jack stares at the other--lie even r' peats the words Smithers has used. Five minutes too late, and the special train, laden with Spanish soldiers, has gone to destlrction. u.? lIefore his c-yes, as plain as day, he can ..ee thre a!wful wreck, the dead and the dying, and among them, oh, hor rors: the lovely form of his Highland lassie, tie girl he loves. No wonder Jack feels for one brief moment as though paralysed, The reaction comes. Instead of a dead ly chill, he has a burlning sensation pass over his whdle frane, and experiences an earnest, furious desire to do some thing in order to save her' from this fearful fate. Smithers is endeavoring to collect his penses--Smlthers, who has, under almost every condition, shown such wonderful acerve, seems broken up by this decree of Fate. And while he thinks Jack acts. It is Ah Sin who leads the way. The Celestial never gets rattled, no matter wvhat accumulation of disasters overtake them. Jack feels a tugging at his sleeve which he knows of old, and casting his eyes around he discovers the almond dyed retainer there. As Sin says never a.word. Speech may be silver, but si lence is golden; and this is no time to .indulge in flights of rhetoric. Jack sees the arm of the Chinese ex.' tended, and following the line of hAI finger he discovers what it is to which '?lh Sin would attract his attention. The railway company's telegraph office. :At ight of it Jack's hopes revive. True, he has sworn not to betray the ijlot of thle rebels, but when the last resort is gone and her life is in peril, he will feel Compelled to do so. Better a broken vow than that she suffer. So he leaps towards the office. Perhaps nearly, if not quite, sixty seconds have flown since he first receiv ed the dire news-sixty precious seconds, during which the doomed train has been shooting on towards the destruction that lies in wait. His positive intention is to have .the telegraph agent wire the conductor in gcharge of the train, warning him of the e.wful danger ahead, and having him use ?tra precautions when approaching the bridage where the dynamite is supposed to lie, . Smithers sees him dash into tihe ofice Sand stifles a groan. • Perhaps this is for the rebels, whose plan forstriking a blow et.their hated foes will fall -through: '?-t any rate, hlie does not make the least ttemot to hold Jack in check, but wavits results. - Perhaps Travers is gone another minute or so. Already the telegraph key may .lie eljeking off the message that will hold the train and warn the oflicer in charge of the soldiers that not only do the rebels fmow of their design, but have prepared to annihilate them. Smsithers doubtless sees this in imin?i nation, but when he looks again he dis covers Jack in.reality dashing out of the -elegraph office. His manner is'not that of a confident man who. bly a bold-strokes Ias accom plieshed what he set out to doi On the contrary, Jack appears excited \--his face is almiost as pale as one who has seen a ghost, and he glances sharply frm right to loft as he runs towards thnem, after-the manner of a man wvho seeks a remedy- for some dreadful ansiad.y As he draws near where Smithers Ftands, he can be heard exclaiming aloud, as though to save even the precious seconds of time: "Wires down-Maceo raided the out -kirts of Havana--impossible to reach oven the first station-no way of reach ing the train-now been gonj seven and en, half minutes, and already four miles ttWay." Yes, they can hear the rumble of the train among the hills-it comes very plainly during.i cessation of noise about the station, though gradually grewing. fainter and more distant. : Jack looks at Smlthiers, who retumrns his distracted gaze with one of chagrin, for the agent feels humiliated .by. the llunder that has occurred,- thougli the Change in time may have only been de cided on just before the special started, -n order to confuse those who miiglhthave p.ny evil designs against the train. - "Can you suggest anything? '::cries Sack, endeavoring to cudgel his birains to greater rapidity of action. "We have no wings to fly after them,'" hays the other, mournfully :. -. :.: "The more's the pity. Heaven help thait poor girl." . "And horses, if we had them,';would be of no mortal use against evesi such a Ilowi train as this one" ". "That is- true?but is there no otiher '0y? Thlilck as.you never did biefore. tiehat can overtake the special' stnce ele. raphing is out of the question"': f-mlithers is lookihg doirn the tracks, Inhere they gleam in the lightsl, beyond "If we had an:en?gine we might do it." Jack snatches at the idea lite a drown CrGman might clutch at a straw. "Then we willlhave an engine if it takes a thousand--five thousand dollars '-al! I have in the world. Follow men" hle ejaculates. The thought which Smither's has hisi t"atingly advanced becomes an inspira ~tlol. Ite seenis to grasD it with renew -d energy, and while speaking has start sd-on a run down the station platform. Smit!lier phrtakes in a measul,' of his t-ew enthusiasm, for he has ali ni--- tlf, Conentlony of Jack's abilities. aId e ives the other equal to anlly em fl·'tlly gich men ride rough-shod ovcr diliicui tie, that iwonl paralyse moot el-o'-le aId :'?,he in at the fillish many lcngthl. Choa-i. Jick Ihas not started off at ianidoull- he general;y knowns what hie mlle(an ti Sm- Irltll,isll before setting out It l,'gin. Some moviing object has caug;ht hi ,m 0 Just down the track--something tihat In this crisis of his existence li.: n- more, hiauil' th nn thr best paying i in lo in b'- (Urippl, Crect t region. It is -i:l-i'nJustinmergi'ng from a she,!, upion tL :L'n-tabl,. Smoke is pouring fr.m the larg'. old-'tyled stack, black smokelC ['rn burnln', resinous pinewOod, thans t3iki':h few specie of fuel will generate lt''em mor- quickly. This old-fashiloned -ll11srlo, d ubtl,-ss discarded years ago in -he :.orthern States where those burning Ftol have taken its place, is not a '(t:ing of be- auty and a joy for ever"-at Ic--' it would not appear as such in thle t-cs of thle ordinary beholder; but to . Travers tlhe-case is quite different. It means a possible chance to soire the &errihle; probelnai that has been suddenly Gct biefore him-it means tlhe case of life and death way yet be decided In favor Sco')ntiinu;cc existence. Under these conditions, therefore, it an he readily understood with what tre m-cndtus satisfaction Jack starts in the f.i:-'ction of this locomotive. A: he advances with such a burst of -speed he takes note of several things. 2-Aeryone connected with the engine rerams to be in thle utmost haste, and this i:i til-e monre wonderful when the fact is :aken irto consideration that in such hot countries as Cuba they do not, as a *-:.neral tlhing, use any too much speed in r.tythilig undertaken. lIe sees the stoker tossing pine - knots into the yawn-ing mnouth of the fire-box, 'eIlie thie etgine-drliver leans part - wny' cut of the cab window, his face streaked with grime, but looking anxious in the light of thie fire. Thius bearing down upoi the scenet 'travers is not long in reaching the place Schere several stout men stand ready.to tarn thie engine around on the revolving I:.1 le. To whom shall he appeal?. lie has absolutely decided tlhat ques tien. - • Two men stand beside tihe trucks, one rf thetn having Bn ofacil0 iOti , tand hold i:: a paper ill his hanid thht inayljbe an order. Ilis companion seems t:o be an ordinars e:itizen--a Spaniard, judging: from" his olite skin.aid blcl. hail :. Jnack instantly sutisises that tlite'oncianl is th:e party who a'n iattetid to lhis want.s, :itd ir: smeans to obtali ponssessibn of that ergine if money can buy it- lindeed, sudch is !ia desDerate fratmei f nomind thbat, ch:nlud hif request, elen when baclcad ba the value of thle old mtotor itself, be re fited. he may be inclined to jump on the engiine himself, and at the . point of the revolver force the .driver to obey his colrnmands. "Sner, are yod in charge here? I have ntisEsed the special, by a hair's breadth. It is very important that I should over tale- it. I would have s~ent a message, but the wires are.down." Tie official shoots a quIck but expres si:-t glance towards his companion, who nioves a little closer, cocking his ears as though hie takes an unusuail interest in wh:t't Jack says. "SI, seeor, the wires are down - that 3r[.'o is always on the move, and he .e:,ps the wires cut so that we in Havana sm.y ntot knowa what he is doing. No one can send a mess?ig albng the line. It is veryv sad," is the consolln- remark t:i.de'by the official. . '"Dut, senor,- you did not aiswer.'my questios--rai :fo i. ctha'rge here?" . "Foir the nigit--yses." is .lthe reply; buts his smanner plainly.isak.? 'hhlat ?'s that; to "I wishl to hire a special.'"' "A what?" ejaculates the other. "A special-antt engine. to overtake the trains that left here some nine minutes ago." .Tle official throws up both arms. "MadrIe de Dlos'!-anotlier!" Ihe gurgile Jack does not understand - he only recognises the fact that precious time is being wasted, and in a case like this time doecs not means money, but hliuman lives. Hence he shows Impatience-it is na tural. "t'n'or, it is a case of life and death," Ihe breaks'out nitlh, huskily, for the men hIe swingiig the iron monster around, and Jack is Inwardly swearinig he will control' the destiny of .that engine, come what may. "Alas! I am sorry!" with a shrug. "IC money stands in the way, I am pre piared to pay you any price." "That is notit ." "Then youi have no authority?" "Alas! I-have no engine." ".This bne will do. I am sure." "Thit is the only one in condition at this end of the line, senor." ".A thousand thanks." "But---" "Tou hesitate when lmany) livei are in peril." "It is no loiner under my cont'ol.? i "Seior; exlain." , . "Thist gentleman is Geileral Toledo. :EIe hias alsomissed the' trinl but bears autlio rity to overtake it If the means canll le had. I have ordered 6ut this engine.' It be!c':gs tohim since the. Government crimmands. Senor, you mnust deral with General Toledo.r' JTck whirls upon the soldier in civilian :ittire. Ie :as not noticed him particu larly before, but no . he discovers a man of niore than usual determliation, whose brilliant eyes are fastened upon him as though he would read hnim through. "At the same time Jack believes the other to be a man who ca-n lie woiked. 3Ioney talis in .cases of this: klind, esl secially with somne men. '*General, as I said before, it is a case o" life and death with us to over'iake the special. If you liave the poaver to allow such a thing, I beg that we ma- find a lodgment somewhere on your engine.: If a tliouisand dollars woiuld be. of ?anay ser viedl to yotiu " -.. SThie other shakes hisiead.- - ""We can thlk of thiat later senor," he s m ile s . - . - - .: "Yldu consenit?"-fin sudden riptfure. - S"Carrambai there is o o'ne who can prevent me. 'I own' t!lis engirne for the liour. And you say it is a. case of life and death, senor. I sympathtise with you--I offerl. you a chance to overtake the spe cial, which left fifteen minutes ahead of time.'" - :His m'unar tells Jack plainly tlat he has been entirel? influenced.by the liros lii'ets. of a heavy ipecuniary lewhard, and iot beatise be has a big' heart. - " e-ers mind; iit is the end not the means: that: h hats in viea. "Then ,yo'itill allo'i us to accompany you? A 'thousand thaliks, senor. ?eIf you on'y knew the'facts; you would nevers re- gjiet your decision. Smithers, do you 'heas:that? We:may yet win this game, :thlrnks to the gallant General Toledo. All is not lost by a-big majority: and Alt Sin. he itothere, too. You see. luck has tired of baffling us and turns about." Jack feels as though a load of a thou sand pounds had Ibeen lifted from his Iheart. There is a fair field and no favor now. It is all ie -asks at any time. The engine hIts beet faced down tle track, and a man dnashlles down to chnlitge the switch that w!Ill riun it upon the main lino. 'Ccnme. senor,. a!l is ready." Sillug out ('C-llr!al Toledo. as lie swings himself up :n to the engine.quickly followed blyJack :-ri Smitlihrt-Sr. wiil Ah Sin clut,'hes hold ,\a-: : s the vns-lt;' bi ul' sts faorvard. IAI'PTETlt V.-A MAD) CHASE ON A "\YtIDl-CAT ENCGINE." When tlhey have gained itle footplate of thii locarn.;thto upon whichl General '".le ,lo has sel ze'! for som e im port:on t tiovernment busi.t-os. Jack asnlld Slnmith ,.r. drnaw a long breath oft relief. ''iT e future l] ,-'s brighter in conlpa rr sOl wtith iiie blackness that so recently n;- ove'' ii c.. a funeral pail. erl:hs the fir th rthing 'Travers does as h i: e:ihni bregins to move downi the tiPck:: i; to drar. out lh:s watch and note thel time, for it is a manntter of ccme enon cnr ito know just how muchl of a start the a'0-. i:11 h's "i'.-thirty to the second," lie says. "They ire just fifteen miniutes ahead." remitarks Sminthers, quickly. ;At first this seems a monstrous task. In t-'tngland or the 'United States, where cxprtr.tes . travel at the rate of a mile a I:inille tnd more, with a clear track abo!lad. the task of overtcl:'ng such a trailt ere twelty odd miles had been cov ered would be utterly out of the ques tion, in Cuba the case Is radIoally different. Espceially is this true In time of war, when dangers abound ahead. A pace ex ceeding fifteen miles an hour might be deemed suicidal in some sections. The general has overheard tills ex change of remarks, and smiles. "Have no fears, selnorl; we will over take theln easily. They stop at a station cvery live miles. We go on, and you shall :.-oi.rselves see at what a beautiful speed. It is certain-you have my word fao it-provided, of course, we do not run off the track, or the boiler explode," he \- says earnestly. "And if that takes place--" says Sn:ltliers. "All. we shall take no longer an In:ter est in whether Cuba. shall remain with D?pain or te free. In this mnan' hands we place ottr lives"-pointing to the en gitneer , . .Tack .sees the point, and manages to adroit.oly slip a little wad of greenibacks, whicli'i:pass current in Havana, into the drivefrsi.h-iahd, receiving in return a look o.nda r:di that" cover the ground -fully. 'lhat etmgineer will exhaust every known daevie. to send his Iron horse whirling o: ver'i the ralis -fter the train ahead ifn ;order to gratiify so liberal a.patron. SJau:k gl-lnc-s over the pile of wood in bths tender. Havana is in full view, and as Ithe rveling settles down over the Cu !a.n caplital ninny lights are springing ii: 't sight. nylking the picture, .with the ,! rbo-r beyond, and grimnt Morro. Castle ;uwardlng its entrance. oiie that could have Sbut few rivals;. T1hey have rattled over a trestle or bridlge. end now plunge amomni thei hills "i a c k o f t h e c i t y . ' " . - , " . - . * The last light vanishes from view; for the Ire-sen- at least, good-bye to Havana. Around them the country h is growing wrider. At first, 'occasional houses may be seen. with gardens; tlien come wvhat s.ipiear to be plantations, wilt mills for priesing .the sugar- cane.. Jack notes these inn the fast-fading light, and presently discovers the first signs of devastation w'here a canedleld and ail Its attendant buildings have been ru!neid by fire. , : Bold Macco has been here, even withut sight of the capital, teeming with Spanish volunteers,arind struck a, blow for Cuba- libre. ''There are few places-he dared not go, this fire brand of the rebellion. And now .dairkess. THow suddenly it seems to drop upon themi as though they. plunge deeper and 'deeper into at canyon, when il rcaiity -sucl is not the case,! ! ' -. ; .. Already 'the drive- has succeeded In urging, his enogineo iover ithe oils at -i; rate of speed that mustihave.shocked ,tlhe offi .ers.of U:tU?roadcoiild they liut -ee it'H-.Ie" is a Slaia.rd- but .:a iisin of nerve, like most of his cla.ss, no matter where found. The old machine is doubtless gmaz-ed at its own ability to make time and break the record on the road ; for as the miles are thrown astern the sparks soar. out of the funnel in a perfect avalanche, and the pulling is as vociferous as.an as thmatic engine can emit. To those unaccustomed to riding on a locomotive, the motion' i- simply ter rible. Even on the finest of railway lines there, is a horrible swa-iing anid swing ing, such as those who i-ride as pis sengers in the cars knobw nothing about. SIf this is the case. imagin 'wh'at it must be upon a rough road such is pre vails in Cuba, and with an old rattletrap of a condemied -engine doing the journey. jack has early jound a 'good hold, and. hangs on grimly ;ditto Smithers.. The general occupies a seat beside the stoker, who .is kept busy half the time tossing pine-knots into the hungry nmaw of the fire box. As for Ah Sin, that' worthy, after being hustled several times from one side to the other, feels a sensation akin to the dreadful mal- de mer of his last .voyge, and. dropping fat, cowers amidst the. wood ; nor does lio care voery. much whethler the 1pil top-' -pil oser uipon liim or the fireman maike an effort to utilise him as a. convenient[ stick of titiber, such -is- the detuperate .condition this nausea brings about.'And the speed increases as the steam crawls uip in .the glass indicator. Jack eyes the driver closely, but re alises that while the fellow may be a, daring man, he cannot be called a reck less one, and will take no unnecessary .risks. All is well so far. When they spin around a sharp curve it is all Jack catl do to hold on. He even imagines the massive machine is about to topple over, and holds his very breath in awe. Smithers utters an ex pressive exclaination, and from Ah Sin comes a shriek. But they.keep the tiack, and go flying on with the speed of the hurricane. Familiarity doubtless breeds contempt, but the bravest man in the world is -bound to experience a sensation akin tr terror when taking his first ride upon a ":wild-cat engine." \- As they dash along. Jack, who chances to be on that side nearest the Spanish officer, opens a conversation with him. ..It is positivelyt necessary that he shout aloud, such is the racket and con fusion that accolnpany the flight qf, the Alhambra. as the veterat` engine is called ; but Jaclkthinks nothing of this when seeking information. ".' lhat place was that ?" he aslts, as tiley flash past a small building that has the appearance of a station. :General Toledo tells the name, and at the same time vouchsafes the inteill gence that it is about five miles out of the city. . \- Then about one quarter of the dis tance has been passed over. How much have they gained upon the other train? The soldier seems quite jolly, 'as though lie feels positive they will over take the train ahead. Perhaps a shade of anxiety might creep over thlt nature of his dream did he but lknow all tlthat these three travellers do. Jack, however, does not f-el inclined to enlighten him, for since it seems that thiey may over take the train in good time, lhe means to keepi) his word to Smithers as far as it is possible. lie is alrc:1dy figuring in his mind whar t his course may be later on, should they succeed in their chase. What will General Toledo do? Can it be possible he hlts !ad wind of the truth concerning tihe dynamite plot. and that Ills design is to pr,-vent the threatened catastrophe? That is not without ihe bounds of rea son; and yet Jack hardly believes it to I)e tilhe true nature of his mission. M?Ire than likely he liears secret 1but important orders to thi- oflic-r in com nmand of the soldier: regarding some move he is expected to make against trnc insurgents. After nil, what does it matter so long as their end is assured, and the girls saved. So he continu ea to plan aitnd, believ ing that In this way time may be .ived. Fortune seemns kind, for.altho;gh til-.ir speed is increascd and they ily around dangerous curves, nothing in the l'thape of disaster has as yet overtaken them. (To be continued.) Ihungnry is renowned for its breed of cnvolry ihorses, whicl is' kept lup !i" tl!c constlanlt importalion of tile lie:st Esnglirlt sires. Frl;nce, ill her inxi-,fy I , iln cr.l'sin tile inumbier of rvultiry remounts :It disposal, is insiking ]Irge lpurllwr'tsB in the land of the Mangya:r. t;nl list!s jstl vlnced an order.with IIungariin dealers for 3000 remounts. 