THE " GIIOST " SCARE.' i .• ' THE PLOT THICKENS. — <v^- • ' ' THE ."SPECTRE" SEEN ONCE MORE. After an event which transpired early on Saturday morning the moat unbelieving must, be convinced that the masquerader in white is not the shadowy product- of a lantern, but a form of flesh and blood. Mr. F. C. Bugler, an employe of the Train way Company, was re turning homewards from the tram office at a quarter to two on Saturday morning, and had almost reached his dwelling in View-street when he saw a sight which rooted him to the spot and made him long for companionship and the comforts of a home. Staring at him over the top of the Reserve fence, almost opposite Mendelssohn's studio,^beside which he stood, was portion of a white figure, motionless and silent. Mr. Bugler could onl3- see the bust of the figure for the rest of it was hidden by the fence and the hedge which borders it. For fully a minute the pair stared at each other across the road, the one fascinated by what in the moonlight must have looked weird and startling enough to even the most iron-nerved. At length Mr. liugler aroused himself from the shock and whistled loudly. At the sound of the whistle the figure moved, and in an instant vanished. Just at that moment Constable J. Kelly was coming down View-street from Barnard-street, and hearing the whistle hurried down to the spot from which the sound came. Meeting Mr. Bugler he learned what had taken place, and the two proceeded into the reserve to make a search for the masqueradcr. The entrance gate into the sports ground, where the figure had been seen, was locked, so the searchers satisfying themselves by a glance through the fencc that it was not in sight in the position it had just occupied, made an in vestigation of the reserve, but although they searched high and low they could not fiud trace of it. After about a quarter of an. hour's work they returned to View-street, where they met Senior- constable Carroll and acquainted ,him of the occurrence. At his suggestion they decided to search for traces of" the spectre" in the spot in which it had been seen in the sports gronnd. The spot had been minutely located by Mr. Bugler when he was gazing at it across the road, s i that when the three men jumped the high picket fencc they could pick out the position at once. In the exact spot stood a seat, and on the front and back of it were marks of muddy boots, and the mud was so fresh that it could not have been deposited on the seat more than a few minutes previously. By the marks 011 the back of the seat it was apparent that- the figure had stood upon it in order to look over into View-street. Oh standing 011 the back with his feet in the same position as those in which the figure's had been, the senior-constable's bust appeared over the fence as the figure's head, and by clutching the hedge he was easily enabled to maintain that- attitude motionless. A search was then made for fooiprints on the footpath, but as a number of feet had passed over the ground during the day it was impossible to discover any clue as to the direction which the figure had taken. One thing was certain, however, before it had vanished from the sports ground it must have sealed the high fence, as the constable and Mr. Bugler were quickly on the spot. After it dis appeared it must have negotiated the fence in speedy fashion. 