InteriioaBan. Sydney. — The Provincial Synod met on Tuesday, 19th ult. Matins having first been said, Holy Communion was celebrated in St. Andrew's Cathedral, the celebrant being the Primate, the Bishop of Eiverina reading the epistle, and the Bishop of Newcastle the Gospel. The Archbishop of Sydney gave an address from Colossians iv. 11 — ' Fellow-workers unto the kingdom of God.' When the Synod assembled in the Chapter-house, the Bishop of Biverina called the roll for the House of Bishops, and the Dean of Newcastle called the roll of the clerical and lay representatives of the various dioceses included in the province of New South Wales. The Bishops of Bathurst and Grafton and Armidale were prevented by ill-health from attending ; and the Bishop of Goulburn, who has prolonged his stay m .Bingiana lor tne purpose or oDiaining mucu-mseueu am ±ujl ms diocese, was also absent. Bishop Anderson, of Biverina, was present for the first time since his elevation to his see, and was cordially welcomed. The Archbishop, in his opening address, spoke of the unanimous recognition by the Lambeth Conference of the Archi. episcopal title already adopted by the Metropolitans of Canada and Australia, and proposed to be adopted by those of South Africa and the West Indies, as a proof of the sympathetic feeling between the Mother I Church in England and its widespread branches throughout the world. j ' It meant recognised growth, recognised independence, recognised J interdependence, as facts in the perfect condition of the Anglican Com- j munion.' The Archbishop proceeded to review the proceedings of the I Lambeth Conference. He defended the Conference against the charge | that 'caution and compromise are too prominent in the results.' I The assemblage was not convened as a conciliar authority, but was a I genuine conference of bishops, anxious to consult one another, and | to gain an intelligent appreciation of the common ground on which E they stood, and of the manner in which, under different circumstances 1 in diverse fields of work, they might realise, so far as was practicable, . I sympathetic co-operation on co-ordinate lines of general policy. One E of the thoughts which emerged from a consideration of the way in I which the Conference dealt with the subject of Church Organisation I was the conviction that the two ideas of the practical unity of the § Anglican Communion, and the independence of local churches, were | not incompatible. The historic expansion of the Churoh of England v| into sister or daughter churches in different parts of the world had I widened the outlook, and had enlarged both the moral responsibilities I and the official duties of every portion of the communion. 1 The report of the committee of ' The Critical Study of Holy Scrip- ? | ture' was a good specimen of what might be called ' compromise,' 1 but what is a well-balanced and temperate judgment based upon a fair i and patient consideration of all the data before them. It makes no 1 final pronouncement on critical questions, and concludes with the 1 words— 'Your committee expresses their conviction with regard to 1 the New Testament that the results of critical study have confirmed the Christian faith. They do not consider that the results of th& more recent criticism of the Old Testament can yet be specified -with certainty ; but they are confident that wherever men humbly and trustfully use the Bible, seeking always the assistance of the Holy Ghost, it will commend itself more and more clearly to their hearts and consciences as, indeed, the Word of God.' The Archbishop referred to the Eeport on Foreign Missions as full of instructive matter for thought. He spoke of the death of Bishop John Selwyn, and of the appointment of Bishop Stone-Wigg to New Guinea ; of the steps proposed for securing a clear understanding and closer relation between the Churches of the East and the Anglican Communion, alluding to the remarkable features in the Eastern Church, ' that as distinct from the habitual practices of the Boman Church, they never opposed, but always welcomed, the circulation of the sacred Scripture.' After this_ year candidates for admission into Moore College will be required to pass matriculation (taking Latin and Greek) at some recognised University, and also to pass the examination for Th.A. of the Australian College of Theology, or an equivalent theo logical examination, to be called ' The Moore College Theological Entrance.' Before passing this examination candidates may be admitted to the College as probationers for one year. On Monday, 11th ult., the Very Eeverend the Dean of Sydney completed the 40th anniversary of his appointment to his office. The Church Standard says of him :— ' We believe there is no man among us more sincerely respected, more highly valued, and more generally beloved than the Dean.' Dean Cowper entered his 89th year on the 3rd ult. Ballarat.— On the 10th ult., Archdeacon AUnutt completed his 29th year as Vicar of St. Stephen's, Portland. On Monday, 18th ult., Dr. Waller paid the Archdeacon a visit, and spent a few days with him. Abeuide.-' One who Loves the Church' has, in response to the Bishop's appeal, given £200 for the purchase of a steamer for the Eiver Murray Mission, and has also guaranteed for three years the salary of a second priest for the mission. ? Newcastle.— The Kev. T. U. Eegg, of St. Paul's, West Maitland, has been appointed correspondent of this diocese for the Ballarat Church Congress. Bathurst.— We regret to learn that Bishop Camidge has been suffering from a severe attack of influenza, which prevented his attending the Provincial Synod in Sydney. ;New Zealand.— In his sermon at the General Synod, just published, the Bishop of Dunedin urges that prayer be made for the outpouring of the Spirit, that the Divinity Colleges may be filled with those willing to become the servants of the servants of God, and to the vivifying of existing agencies. Goulburn.— The foundation-stone of the new Sunday-school of St. Nicholas', North Goulburn, was laid on June 26th. Addresses were given by the Very Eev. the Dean of Goulburn and .Canons Leigh and Pntchard. Through the generosity of a friend, some banners, worked by Mrs. Pritchard, have been placed in the chancel of St. Nicholas'. The Bishop is expected back next month. He has obtained a second donation of £2000 for the endowment of the see, and £150 for church buildings from the S.P.C.K. Perth. — Edwin Bird and Lilian Bird have been committed for trial for perjury, in swearing that there was no impediment to their marriage, when, as a matter of fact, the woman was the widow of the deceased brother of the bridegroom. It seems not to be generally known that the legalisation of marriage with a deceased wife's sister does not carry with it the legality of marriage with a deceased husband's brother. j At the last Synod a resolution was passed in favour of freeing the seats in all new churches. This resolution has met with the general approval of the parishes— some of which desire to extend the principle to the older churches also. The parishioners of the Cathedral have set the example by freeing the seats in the mother church, Mr. Hale, the missionary, who was recently attacked and speared by the natives* is recovering. . Dunedin.— The following letter by the Bishop of Dunedin is of great interest :— ' Sir— It will, I feel sure, afford much pleasure to your readers to hear that I am now in a position to report steps of a decided character with reference to the establishment of the services of our Church in some of these groups. The last mail brought me letters from the Bishop of Honolulu, and also from residents in Samoa and Earatonga. In Apia ' a splendid site has been given' for the erection of a church, and £131 is subscribed for the purpose ; £60 a-year. is guaranteed towards stipend. I am hoping .shortly to hear that my appeal to S.P.G. on behalf of the Stipend Fund has been successful. I have also applied to the same Society for a grant in aid of a clergyman's stipend for Earatonga, where the secretary of the Church Committee is sanguine of success, and reports \ favourably as to church building. The Bishop of Honolulu has now undertaken the supervision of the work, under license from the Bishop of London | until something more regular can be done. I am therefore about to inform the Primate that I regard my function as the 'correspondent' for the Church of New Zealand as at an end. I am thankful to have % been permittedlo originate a work which has now a fair promise of permanence, and the more so as my last letter from a personage of -importance, who advocates a Bishopric of Fiji, says : ' There is a vast future before the Church in the Pacific' We ought not to lose sight of our responsibility for its realisation. — I am, Sir, yours, &c;, S. T; Dunedin.' Grafton and Armidale. — The Sydney Church Standard considered the action of the Graf ton and Armidale Diocese in establishing a Theo logical College for training clergymen unnecessary, seeing that there was Moore College in Sydney ready to receive students from all the New South Wales dioceses. The Eev. Willoughby Flower, of St. Mark's, Darling Point, wrote in reply, defending the action of his former diocese. What was wanted in Graf ton and Armidale was not city but country training, and that of as inexpensive a kind as could be pro cured. The local college would have an advantage over the distant one. The men would be from the first surrounded with the kind of work they would afterwards be called on to do, and the conditions of their training would teach them economy, hardiness, and self-denial. They would also have constant association with their Bishop, and would have every opportunity of imbibing a healthy diocesan spirit. The memorial stone of the Diocesan College for Clerical Training was laid on June 8th by the Bishop, who expressed his heartfelt rejoicing that the work was begun. Addresses were also delivered by Archdeacon Eoss, Canon Sowter, Messrs. F. E. White (Armidale) and C. F. Tindal (Graf ton), and the Eev. Willoughby Flower (late the Bishop's chaplain), who pointed out the uselessness of depending for clergy upon Moore College or Trinity College, or, after the late experiences of Australian bishops, on men from home. The Bishop intended to devote the hours he needed for rest to the instruction of the students. Every parish throughout the diocese would benefit by the establishment of the college. The Bishop has appointed Archdeacon Lewis and the Eev. Wil loughby Flowers his examining chaplains. The Eev. W. Dalton, of Ballina (formerly of Numurkah, in this diocese) has been elected to a canonry. Tasmania. — The town Council of Launceston are moving the Govern ment of Tasmania to forbid, under penalties, the smoking of tobacco by boys under a certain age. Legislators might take the same direction with advantage in a colony nearer home even than Tasmania. 