THE HAUNTED! MOUNTAINS: oR, COLONEL CODY'S 85 AR, A BOMANCE OF THE WEST. By. C0 4N'EL PRENTIS INGRAML. Antor of 'Te MyDsteriu.-e Mon In Blue." Etae CHAPTEr. XLP.'-THE CAPTIVES'. It was a strange rroment O, Cody to feel that he had rurrenderel to r4 skin. In all of his strange, eventful life. in which truth and reality had been far stranger than fiction, where romance and stern facts had been woven mosr rt.rncgly together, Cody hail never fti fered as be did at the moment when he uttered the words, in response to the re n-eade chief; "Unr.der the circums-ntances ne can do ncthing el~e" He was the foe of the red-kins be ,ru?en duty made him so. He fought the Inditans because the latter fought the whites, bhut he held in his heart a warm place for poor Lo. There was compassi.on for him, and a regret that the Indian would not accept the stern alternative that clvilisation must rule, but fought foot by foet for the hunting grounds of his people, the =and that held the bones of his fore fathers, defying the advance of the Star of Empire, only to die before the rlfles of the toldiers, Because duty called, then. Cody was the enemy of the Indians, and in battle their most terrible foe, though when the hatchet was hurled he was their friend. Now the famous Pa-e-has-ka was com pelled to surrender to the enemy, who he knew would be only too glad to put hier u, death by torture. He had the pledge of the white chief that his life would be spared. But he took no account of eutch a promise from couch a source. He,only looked . at it that.to contlnue the rsruggle then would be the sure death of LIeutenant Sea ford, his other three scouts, and him ielf. The lieutenant himself had been twice slightly wounded. But the chief of scouts, though disregarding the white renegade's pledge, felt that while there was life there was hope; so he whispered to Lieutenant Seaford, who replied : "Yes, Cody, there is no telling. We may find means of escape." So the renegade stepped forward and took the rifles, revolvers, and knives of his five prisoners. He eyed Cody curi ously as he did so, then glared at the officer, and last at the three scouts. "You made a desperate fight Cody. I do not wonder that you.have won a big name when you can light like that, and have men stand by your tide and do the same." "You have won. renegade - we have lost: and that is all there is to It." said the scout "Yes, we have won - captured five men, killed three others, as a balm for a most overwhelming defeat. Fortu nately, my hand of heroes habo done this, or I might not be very popular:among my red brothers. As it is, I have done iwonders, for I have captured Colonel Cody. Then. too. I have killed three of his men. and also hold a-s prisoners an army officer and three scouts." "Oh, stop talking, and go on with your work." "What work?" "Why, robbing, of course ; for you have not robbed us set. and I have a watch and chain, a ring, and some money. "Ah. I was overlooking that duty." sneered the renegade, whlie Lieutenant Seaford looked at the scout with str prise to feel that he hrad suggeste that they should be robbed. But Cody whispered. "It is botter for him to get all than the red skins, as we shall know where to find them if opportunity offer," The lieutenant upon this promptly handed over his watch and chain, gold sleeve-buttons, and what money he had .with him, the three scouts doing likewise 'Tust as he did so back down the canyon .was. heard the loud notes of a bugle sounding a charge. The effect was startling, for the rene gade quickly ordered ,onles to be brought, and the prisoners were told to mount them, while, as the bugle sounded again, and nearer, the warriors sprang upon their horses and a rapid- retreat was begun. "The cavalry have come on, after all," aaid Lieutenant Seaford. "Had they been half an hour sooner we would not now be captives." "But this storm will prevent their pushing much further; so we are de tfined to see the Indian village," re turned the chlef of scouts. 'After going half a mile, surrounded by warriors, the prisoners were halted, and they. were .bound securely to the ponies upon which they had been mounted. "Now I think we are safe, for your ca valry will not dare venture far in the face of this storm," said the renegade chief. And as all were suffering with cold, he ordered his braves to push on at a gallop so that a camp could be made to warm them. . . CHAPTER XLV.-THE WEIRD I BUGLER. Back on his trail through the fatal canyon where Cody and his party had been captured came a horseman, slowly following in the track left by the rene gade and hisa band. Both horse and rider are worthy of descriptilon, for it was an odd pair to see upon a trail-just such as the superstl tious man would be looking for at mld night and In the vicinity of a grave yard. But this appeared to be a ghost visible by dayllght-a phantom horse and rider without moonlight effects. The horse appeared to be snow-white, and might have been; but a closer look revealed that his head was completely enveloped in a white Indlarubber cowl, fIis peek also. Then llis blaly was covered with a robe of the same description, failing as far as to his knees and over his haunches, :omplefely enveloping him, and shedding the snow ae It fell. - - Whls coverlngfltted over the saddle. and through holes upon either sidelof it appeared white reins. Thq rider was enveloped from head to foot in the same waterproof kind of robe, and It looked as though he was well .wrtpped up beneath to protect him from the cold. 'At any rate., from the white toque on his head to his boots, he was enveloped In a waterproof covering. His face was shielded by a white mask, painted to resemble a skeleton face, the eyes glaring brightly out through the uockets, while the hands were protected by gauntlet gloves, painted to-resemble skeleton fingers. " i Behind the saddle of the weird rlder las. a large roll" of blankets,' also en yeloped in white waterprdof, while bags of the same description, with food for man and horse: hung upon either side. 'A rifle painted white was slung to the naddle-horn, and revolvers were hidden -n holsteis, and.thus sheltered. Altoge ther the horseandlrlder presented an ap pearance that was weird and startling even by the light of day, and would have been strangely so by night The horse was ailarge one, and moved along as though In no wiy fatigued. guddenly the horseman paused. He had heard cries ahead. They were the wild .war-cries of white men. Then, mingled with them, were heard tle Indian war-cries. The phantom-like horseman listened attentlvely. IIls hor.e prickted his ears forward anlld seemd ;a trifle nervous. Nearcr grew tle sounds, but the horse man kerpt hils ilsltln. Hi loOehl Iclc" one to scaLre rather tihan t) ie scared. re sat there fr some time, neither horse tnr rider :seetnilit to feel thic hitter told wind that was driving thlrough tile catn youi, or tO (irt- for the frilling, blindlIg o 72. Nearer and nearer grew the soundse They were evidently coming back down the canycon. Tea came a loll, then a rmle volle, waCd folowing was a wild cnhrs of war-cries. They came, too. from the lips of -palefaces. Next was heard the cracking of revol vers,- and these rattled rapidly and dferiel for a while. Then these ceased their deadly rattle, and again were heard the defant cries from pale-face flps fol lowed by eauitznt shouts from many warriors. - CHAPTER XLVL--IN THE INDIAN VILLAGE. A silencr followed, and after, a few moments the strange horseman passed on. He rode up the canyon in exactly the direction to meet the Indians. Half a mile he went, and then paused, for voices sonaded ahead of him. Then his gloved hands were raised to his Ilps and loud. clear, and ringing there broke forth a bugle-calL It was an exact imitation of a bugler samnding the charg, and piercingabove the storm, echoing from the ciffs of the canyon, it fell upon the ears of the red; skins. Too weil they knew what a bugle call-meant It threatened them with danger--told them, as they believed, that cavalry were on their trail-and the result the reader has already seen. After a moment's halt the horseman rode on again, and once more the wild notes echoed among the clIfs in exact imitation of a bugle, and the sound sent the red-skins and their prisoners hasten ing on. And Slowly on their trail. defying cold and strtm,follo wed the weird bugler that bad stampeded the renegade chiefs war rior hand. The Indians were certainly alarmed at hearing the bugle notes in their rear. They knew that the horss of the troop ers were comparatively fresh, that they must have food in plenty, and if they overtook them that another battle must be fought, and they were in no condition to fight. St they pushed rapidly on, and the pri roners were hastened to the front of the column. When the Indians came up with the main force, that had taken the other trail, they felt relieved, and their comrades envied them the capture of Cody and those with him. Messengers had been sent to the vil lage, as soon as defeat stared them in the face, to bring them fresh ponies and provisions; for many of the braves were riding "double," and all their horses were about used up, getting no grass, as they had, on account of the storms. The whole force pushed on until they reached a secure camping- place for the night. It was a shelter from the cold in part, and a good place to defend should they be attacked. And there they passed the wretched hours of the stormy night, cold, with little to eat, and in despair. At dawn they pushed on once more, their ponies almost worthless. But at noon they were met by half a hundred warriors from their village, driving a herd of fresh ponies, and with food in plenty. They had a great feast of It, giving the prisoners the first bite to eat since they had left the fort. A rest of a couple of hours, a big din ner, and, warmed by the fires, the In dian army resumed. Its retreat once more, the fresh ponies being brought into use and the worn out animals turned loose. But that night they rode Into their stronghold, not as victors, but sullen and cast down. There were wild walls of sorrow in the village when all knew of the great los of braves,.and that the red army of the great Indian chief had been so sorely dealt with by-the very men whom they had expected to wipe out "If we "ite not murdered this night In their frenzy we will be all right," said Cody to Lieutenant Seaford, who respon ded: "They have gone mad, It seems, the whole tribe. But Is not this village a thorough stronghold, Cody?" "It Is indeed. I noticed the approaek as we came alon up that rugged ridge trail. and saw that old Bed Lightning had chosen well." "Yes, his village Is situated in a shel tered valley in a mountait top, and If the other approaches are like the one by which we came, it would take ten thou sand men to carry the place. But there does not seem to have been so much snow here as below." "Not near so heavy a fall. But here comes our renegade captor, and that Is old Red Lightning with him." The renegade chief now came to where the five prisoners were being guarded by a dozen young braves, and with him was a tall and majestic chief, the head ruler of the tribe, who had led the at tack upon the fort and settlements, and when repulsed had returned at once to his village to prepare his people for their great disappointment. , He came up to the prisoners and looked them over with greater interest than it is customary for an Indian to show. Evidently he had heard the story of one who had been captured,and of the desperate fight the prisoners had madeln the canyon. Looking Cody squarely in the face, he said, In very fair English: "Know Pa-e-has-ka well. He brave man, heap brave. Have killed heap many my young bfaves. Pa-e-has-ka have to die. too, few days. My people love to see him die, and white captain, too. All die In few days, so my people's heart . be glad again-full of sorrow now." "Hlave not the pale-faces hearts to feel sorrow, too, and do not the women and children of my people feel grief when you have come to kill and burn? It is all right, Red Lightning, so kill us if you will, but you will not find us show fear; and, more. many a red-skin bhravewill go under to pay for our lives." . The scout spoke Impresslvely, and led Lightning seemed to feel his words, for he said In his own tongue to-the rene gade, and which Cody understood: '"The pale-faces will, hunt my people down like wolves when Pa-e-has-ka is dead, but he miust die."' "The led Lightning hoad spoken, but the Whlte Eagle has words for his ears, not now. I wanted the Red Lightning to look upon my captives, and now they shall be taken te my tepee, for my red brothers are thirsty for ihtir blood. But It must not:be now; .my red brothers must wait." . "Yes, my people must wait," re sponded Red Lightning; and the rene gde chief, White Eagle.- led the pri soners to his own tepee,pvhich, however, was alarge log cabin In one end of the Indian villhage. CHAPTEI, XLVII.--A IRENEGADE'S -MERCY. "I believe that man intends to bo friend us." So-said Colonel Cody to Lieutenant Seaford and others, when the renegade chief had left them, bound hland and foot, In. his cabin and dlsappn.arelc. SBut the. scout heard him tell two young braves to stand guard over lis cabin while he wanls away. , "Do'you think a man wihi Is a ra-nt gade to his own ratce canl ti, a g,,,od at, Cody?" asked Lleut--nant Sc;aford. "I hIave known suatCh rien to hIe nIstl.-LIt contradictiilon annd somn hlii, I f,.I1 tlhat White Eagle ,n.s e Is c:all:ld, intlend: to serve us in orrllle \way. If ntl, he wouti l] have turned un over to-night fr ti lli- r,.I sklnai to Iha;ve .atiltsl.- th-ll re\i-·r l.n- I1]l on." "he see-t ti, hold i troett dt-al of in hluonce in the villag-'. "Yes. sit', I eihoull i:,y next to Red Lightning, thle Ilchd ?'hhf. -ut here colneit sonme olte." The- heanvy dtinr -.w ung nrlci alld thle renegale acntere-id, nc-olnnptani-td by snVe ral younttg men carrying woodil. A fire a-ar at once started ill tite large chimney of the cabin, and then going to tlhe othler end if Ith -i room, the rntiegadllie -etirned liwith a number of irn manaclei. "These, nliv by oet-. \ihlrre cl:~ei·l-l iupon tlhe illltes anllil \rlist. i of the prisonerrs, Cody reimarting: "I -:e tihat yoi liavce all the luxuirio, chief?" "Yes, I captured them In an army waggon once. At any rate, they will not cramp you like being bound with raw hide does; and I will free the arms of one of your men, Cody, while he cooks supper for Son all.for I do not intend t. either starve or freeza-yu." Colonel Cody glanced at Lieutenant Seaford; who muttered: "Merey in a tiger." The-renegade then threw a large roil of blankets down in one corner near the fire, remarking that they were for the prisoners to sleep on. He then again left the cabin, returning shortly, with the same Indian youths, bearing with them fresh deer meat Hej then released the hands of the scouts and said: "YoU will find meal In that bag, and there is salt and water.. and here is coffee; for, as your chief says, I have all the Inuries here. ?emember, all, that any attempt to escape will cause you to lose your lives. for you shall at once be turned ever to the Indians to be tortured to death. Escape from- here is utterly impossibe, so do not enfertain it. I have Indian guards outside the cabin, and I' shall sleep hereand keep an eye upon you." The man again left the cabin, and the scout who had had his bands freed of the irons at-once began to make corn cakes and boll venison steaks, also making a large pot of coffee. - "This Is a picnic," was Cody's com ment, as he found a number of tin cups on a shelf and passed them round. What,Eugar! And,as I live,bere are some solid silver spoons-a wedding present to him, doubtless. Yes and here is' a side of bacon and biscuits. Why, that rene gade is an epicure, a high liver, and we can't complain." Lieutenant Seaford and the others laughed at Cody searching about to see what he could discover, and he kept It up until the scout cook announced sup per. It was no mean meal-of coffee, corn bread, crackers, venison and bacon-and the five prisoners ate with a relish that a long fast had given them. Soon after the meal was over they unrolled the blankets and spread them down before the fire, just as the rene gade chief entered. - "That Is right; make yourselves com fortable, for it will be a cold bed that you will soon sleep In," he said. "All right, chief; but don't send us to ied with a nightmare, for we have en joyed a very hearty supper, thanks to you." said Cody. The renegade made no reply, but re clasped the Irons upon the.wrints of the scout who had acted as cook, and the party at once turned in. -The renegade threw more wood upon the fire, lighted his pipe and sat down for a smoke. At last the pipe went out, the renegade having gone to sleep. Sud denly he uttered a wild cry of fright, and shouted: "No, no, I did not kill her. She--" He was awake now, but trembling in every limb: while Cody said in his dry way: "Had a bad dream,-old man. Guess your conscience troubles you." The'renegaae uttered-4 savage oath, and went to the other end of the cabin and also turned in for the night. : CHAPTEP. - XLVIJL -DRAWING LOTS. - For some time the captives had been in the Indian. village, and each day but served to convince them that the feeling against them was becoming more and more bitter. The Indians-warriors, squaws, and children- would hang about the cabin of the renegade chief, yelling at them, and trying to heap Indignities upon them, but yet not daring to break through "a certain restraint the piesence of their pale-faceleader demanded. Some power he held over the Indians it was certain that alone saved the pri soners from being torn to pieces by the maddened red-skins. Now and then some squaw,bolder than the others, would hurl a stone into the cabin, or dash by the guards and strike one of the prisoners before she could be driven off.. - "This- is getting interesting, lieuten ant, and we must not. be surprised if the influence of the renegade - is unable to pritect us much longer." said Cody one day, when the feellng shown was more bitter than usual. "The renegade seems to hold some sec ret power over them, and I only hope that it will continue to serve us," the officer remarked. "I tell you;pards, nothin'will save us," said Scout Cole, sadly. '",he weatherl i ag'ln a relief party - cornin' up here, and if Colonel :Ferris had a couple. of thou sand men he could do nothing' I tell'you friends, I-have just prepared'myself to die, and it's no use kickin' ag'in it, no use hoping, for we is'Just as good as dead." "Don't get blue, Cole, for I-believe we -will yet escape them," the' chief of scouts said -tihile Lieutenant Seaford responded: - "Yes; I won't glive up hope till my last breath." - But Scout Cole felt blue, arid could not shake it off, though he said: "Well, I believe we has got to go; but I hasn't cryin', for I'll take what comes as a man should. You won't see me play the baby act, pards, no matter what they do to us." - Each- day the Indians became more and more determined to vent their fury upon their prisoners, and matters were becoming most serious indeed. The rene gade :chief had said that he wae keep ing the prisondrs until they captured more whites, and then they would have a gala death-scene. i But one day he came back to his cabin with near the whole village at his heels, and Red Lightning was with him, too. "Pards, I've done my best to keep you from those red devils, but if I struggled longer Iwould lose my hold upon them, for even the head chief demands a sac riflce. I, therefore, have considered three of you must suffer, and which threedepends upon chance, for you arne to draw death lots." Not one of the prisoners winced at the words of the renegade chief, and Cody calmly remarked: "We accept whatever comes, chief; for a man has to die but once." "Oh, I know you are brave, everyone of you; and I'll confess to you I had a galme of my oevn to play with you, and that is why I lhave kept you. It was not from mercy, but because I wanted to gain a point for myself, and was going to play you against the game. But thllse red devils won't have it, and if I did not yield they'd get very ugly towards me. and I canno afiford to lose my pull on them. So I have got a box of lice here, and you are to throw. for your lives. The red- skins are natural gamblers, and the game will please them. I shall put five dice in thlle box. Each of you are to have a tllrow, and tile three lowest throws doom the men to dcntli. What do *ou say?" "It matters nlot swhat we say. Three of us are tried and sentenced before hand; so start your little game, chief," retorted Cody. with a coolness of man. ner thait evidenitly won the admiration of the renegade, andl set a brave example to his comrades. (IIAP'FTEI t XLIX.--TIIE FATAL GAM.I1 OF CIHANCE. "'lres of us are doomeld to llie. tlhat is certain; but you and ."ouir red-sklins. renegade, will see no Ilini-hing from diath in :.hoee who tire thli iltlfortun ates." It was l eniutenant Seafo'd whio spoke, :anl then hle turned to Cody anid grasped Ilis hand, doling the rame with the other three scouti, t. hile Cole reiarked, withll a smile: "I '11 be one cf thle doolie tllhlre, sir. I knew it was tonilng." Tile prisoners were then forintd In a line and marched out of the cabin, while a wild shout Went up from tile large crowd of Indlans in patient waiting for their revengue to clne. As Colonel Cody stepped out, a young buck gave him a severe blow with a stick, at which thte Indianns howled with -dlight, and a squaw reached forward to pull his lcng hairL. But she sto-pped shot as the r^e-ade chief gave the youzg b ave a blow that felled hlm t tthe eath. and thean s?zin her ne'a-y Ehcak her tth ouat "Thee are ry prseters. an.d I ill Drotect them. That young man is Lot a c wa.-3 syQaae1 to tike a t-i':d oi o ner." The words of the reneade chief out in the Indian tong?-aend other who had Intended indignIties shrank tack, whIle the staff of the head chief Red Lightning was raLsed. and he cried : "Let my people not be fools. They mftst wait" The crowd of red-skins followed the head chief, the-renegade, and the pri soner in the slow march to the scene where the fatal game of chance was to be played. It was in an open area In the cen?re of the ilage, and about the little hll the whole force assembled. (To be contlnued.) 