Neagoe : A STORY OP THE SALT MINES. Bv ' Cabmen Sylva ' (Her Majesty the Queen of Rouniania.) [All Eights Heseeved.] PART II. So Vlad and his daughter, Neagoe, set off to gether, as if that were the proper thing for them to do. They had scarcely left the village when a woman knocked at the window of Neagoe'B step father's house, who, thinking it was Neagoe, be gan to upbraid her, calling out, ' Make haste, and put the mamaliga on to boil, thou accursed good-for-nothing ! thou murderer s cub ! Come quickly, or I will break thy bones ; ' then rushed to the door, clenching a piece of wood in his hands, an angry frown on his red face. The woman, who knocked at the window, cried out, ' Hold hard, my man, don't scold Neagoe, or uselessly infuriate yourself, for she has gone beyond your reach,' ' She is gone ! and where to, neighbour ? ' ' She has gone out into the wide world in com pany with a thin, wizened old man, who told her that he was her father, Vlad, from the Salt Mines. He asked her of Florica, and of his home, and of his son Radu.' The man seemed struck dumb with alarm, while the woman continued : ' Why art thou so afraid f for sure it was no ghost, but Vlad himself. Vasilica'e mother remembered him immediately.' After the stepfather had somewhat recovered himself, they asked him if he wished Neagoe to be brought back forcibly, but he answered that he never wished to see her again. Soon many persons congregated together, both young and old ; the women — already fatigued with their day'6 labour — could with difficulty pacify the children, who cried for Neagoe. Then they all gossiped together, and agreed that she wa3 qnite right to go away, for her stepfather scolded her, and often he even beat her, after he had put her mother under ground. The affair with Sandule also had made him very angry. Meanwhile Neagoe and Vlad were far away on their tramp. As yet they had not spoken a word of Sandule, for each was afraid to mention him. That night they slept in the open air, for Vlad said that he preferred it so, as he had not seen the sky above, or breathed free, fresh air for so long a time. Neagoe sat all night with her arms clasp ing her knees. She thought, and thought again, of Sandule. What had become of him ? Where had they taken him to ? He was so young, so handsome, surely no one would judge him harshly. The magistrates would understand that he had been provoked, aad was in a violent passion, and that he had not intended to kill the buy. And in this same way had Neagoe passed her nights, since Sandule had been condemned. Vlad watched her, and heard her heavy sighs ; he regretted that he could Rive her no consola tion ; he felt that she could have no respect for him, for the wife who had forgotten him, and taken another husband, could but have spoken ill of him to their daughter. At length, weary of the prolonged silence, Vlad said : ' Art thou sorry, girl, that thou hast come with me ? ' ' Am I Borry ? No ! indeed, I thank God that I am free, and that no one in the village knows where to find me.' At length the day broke, the larks sang their joyful song, the sun rose in its solemn splen dour. ' Dost thon know, child, that I see the sun rise to- day for the first time in sixteen years ? Dost thou hear that lark, Neagoe ? Thou, who art burnt by the rays of the sun, know'stnot how hard it is to be deprived of light and fresh air ! ' Vlad's pale lips smiled, and his wan face brightened. Neagoe trembled, and heavy tears rose to her eyelashes, which she raised and let fall again, like wings, to prevent the tears from escaping. ' Father, I wish to ask thee eomething,' Bhe said at last. The old man listened, expecting to hear her 6peak of Sandule. ' Wilt thou tell me for what thou wer't con demned ? ' ' Has no one, then, told thee ? ' ' No one.' ' They have left thee to believe, then, that I was an every-day murderer P ' She sighed assent. ' Yes, child, I committed murder, but it was for the sake of an innocent girl.' Before Neagoe's eyes passed the vision of San dule's crime ; the meadows and the forests seemed to be turning round with her ; she listened to her father's story, and when he hal finished she re mained silent. Her eyes had grown deep as night, so dark was the shade thrown on them by her long lashes, and there were such hard lines around her mouth that she looked ten years older ; still, she did not like to open her heart to her father. In a hamlet through which they had passed, Vlad had sold some trifling articles which he had carved from the rock salt, and from morsels of wood, during his leisure hours, by the feeble light of his small lamp ; with the money which they produced he purchased a set of bagpipes, in tending to earn a living for himself and his daughter, by playing upon them from place to place. Thus they wandered, and when they reached a village Vlad played the ' Hora,' and the vil lagers danced to it. Afterwards, sometimes Nea goe would sing some of their pathetic national songs. Occasionally, she met with work in the fields, then her poor old father reBted quietly near her. She never complained, though often she knew not if they would have bread for the mor row. They 'lived from hand to mouth, like beggars ; and when Vlad pitied his daughter she shrugged her shoulders, saying, ' It is better thus than being at home.' It chanced one day that they reached a large village, which had evidently put on festive attire ; its flags and garlands showed signs of a coming wedding. Everywhere were people in motion, more especially at the innkeeper's, opposite the church. Vlad sate himself down in the churchyard, on a fallen stone cross, while Neagoe stood near to him, frowning at all these preparations, the gar lands, and the streaming ribbons, ani thinking of the last wedding 'Hora' at which Bhe had been present. Then she asked in a low voice : ' Can one be sent to Slanic for murdering another person by accident ? ' Vlad looked calmly at her. ' Yes, my daugh ter,' he said. Then he continued, ' Neagoe, I have seen thy Sandule ! ' ' Thou bast seen him ? ' she shrieked, then fell on her knees at her father's feet. Vlad made no attempt to console her. At last she raised her head. ' Father, did'st thou see my Sandule in those mines? ' ' I did, my child ; he is a good fellow, and he thinks but of his sweetheart. From his own words I gathered that he spoke of thee.' ' And thou earnest away, and left him there ? ' ' Alas, my daughter, one does not go in and out of the Salt Mines at one's own will.' ' Thou left him there,' she repeated, for she could not banish the thought from her mind. ' He is but young, hardly more than a boy ; perhaps they will have pity on him.' ' Were not you young also ? ' ' No, for I was married, and I had children, and I planned, and I lay in wait for the man whom I killed, whereas thy Sandule committed murder in a moment of fury and excitement.' ' 'Fwas for me, for me, that he killed him,' moaned Neagoe. She crossed her hands over her shoulders, aad rocked herself to and fro, tormented by grief. Soon they saw a crowd of youths coming towards them, dressed in their gayest holiday clothing — shirts of dazzling whiteness, thickly worked with coloured thread at the bottom, the chest, and the Bleeves ; their hats, with streamers of many-hued ribbons,, were decked with flowers. They were gay and full of f un. ' Listen to me, thou old man with the bag pipes. I pray thee come hither, for we must, at any rate, wait until the bride shows herself. Come, play us something ; and your pretty lass, can she sing us a song? ' Neagoe nodded her head in assent. Vlad began at once to play, so as for the girl to have time to recover her eelf -possession, but the youths clamoured for her song. Id a sweet touching voice she sang thus :— Night is fled. With bitter tears I greet ihe day. For cold is the pillow on which I dream, And I find him not. My temples throb, my heart it burns, I am well nigh blind from my weeping. I have no one to whom I can tell my pain, No one who will console me. ?? That is too sad,' cried the young fellows. ' Sing us something gayer, my pretty one. See, here is money for thee.' They thought that the sight of money would cheer her, but 6he web unaccustomed to sing like a mendicant, and she seemed to be ashamed. VTad looked anxiously at her. ' Listen to me,' he said, ' and follow as I sing 'Green Leaf of the Nut Tree.' ♦' No, no, that won't do ; all the songs about nut trees are like dirges.' Vlad then played his pipes while Neagoe pang :— Green leaves and dry wood, Iiost see my steed, fleet and proud I Dost see my little dun grey, And how he neighs with glue ? Then let us sing and make merry. As slim as a reed and as graceful Is my little horse, hi ! hi! Hi ! my little horse, hi ! hi ! Let us sing and make merry '. She sang at first gaily and with animation, but gradually her voice took a more melancholy tone, and her eadne68 6eemed to take possession of those who listened to her. The young fellows could noc understand by what feeling their hearts were swayed. They all surrounded Neagoe, and one of them said : ' Thou art slim and graceful, and thou hast eves like burning coal, thou darling with the jet black hair ! ' and he tried to put his arm around her, but she slipped out of his reach, and pushed him aside with such a threatening look in her eyes that the youth was abashed and drew back. 'Ah ! ah ! ' cried the others, laughing, ' one must not even attempt to touch her, she takes fire bo quickly.' Some young girls then approached, and one of them said to Vlad, ' Will you sing us a song — something which will make one's blood creep F ' ' If you wish,' the old man answered, and he sang them a song as mournful as his own life. Before he had quite finished, shouts of joy and the sound of the firing of guns were heard, an nouncing the approach of the wedding party, headed by a band of Tzigan musicians, who played on their instruments as they walked along. Then came children, strewing the path with flow ers, then the bridegroom on horseback, escorted by other young men also on horseback, then the waggon of the bride, which was drawn by six milk-white oxen, whose long curved horns were gilded and gay with ribbons and flowers. In the centre of the waggon, seated on piles of household linen, was the bride, wearing the beteala, or long streamers of gold thread, which usually replace the bridal veil: She looked bright and happy, but modestly decreed that she must keep her eyes cast down. Nevertheless, a glad some look escaped now and then from under her long lashes. Around her were laughing, chattering maidens. Her father and mother were also of the party — he wearing a snow-white shirt and broad leather girdle, she with her long, fine veil embroidered with threads of gold, twisted round her head, and almost reaching to her feet behind. The young men halted, the bridegroom sprang from his horse to assist the bride to descend from har car. ' Do not forget, when thou passest by me in church, to touch my foot with thine, so that I may be married next year,' whispered a girl to her. Neagoe had turned her back on this gay, rich wedding, she kicked a stone absently before her, and frowned, while the old man collected the money which was offered to him. This ' passing round the hat ' was very bitter and painful to Neagoe ; it hurt her pride, and she would have liked to fling the money away. Thinking that the wedding procession had moved on, Neagoe turned her head in that direction just as the bride had got down. She gave a sharp cry, and making her way quickly through the crowd, she ran to the bridegroom, crying out, ' Radu, Radii, my brother, how glad I am to have met thee ! Father, come here, father ; ' and ahe turned back rapidly and led the old man forward. ' Look ! see ! this is Radu, thy son ! Now we are out of all trouble, we need fear no more suffering. Oh ! Radu, how lucky- it is that we came this way.' But she stopped suddenly, for she saw that Radu looked aghast, and spoke never a word. The bride looked in astonishment from one to the other, then Bhe smiled in derision. ' What, Radu, these beggars by the roadside are thy father and thy sister ! ' Radu kept silence. ' What, Radu, thou hast lied to me ! lied to thy Heano ! Did'st thou ever tell me that thon wert the son of a wayside beggar ? Or, it may be, that this girl is not thy sister, but, perhaps, thy sweetheart ? Say, did'st thou promise to marry her, and then send her adrift when thou found'st that I was richer ? ' Then Radu, with a great effort, said, ' I do not know this girL' ' Oh ! Radu,' cried Neagoe, ' wilt thou allow thy own sister to be scorned and laughed at thus?' ' t?euh ! thou goest on the highway, singing for money,' said Heano, the bride. ' Yes, I go on the highway, and I sing for money, and I am not ashamed of doing it,' said Neagoe, proudly. The peasants around began to murmur amongst themselves, and to take her part, while Heano said : ' Thou hearest me, Radu, I will not enter the church with thee until I know if these beggars be thy kin, or not.' ' Deano, have I not told thee that I do not know them P ' Suddenly a heavy storm gathered, it began to lighten, and the thunder seemed loud and near. None of these people had noticed the storm cloud, standing as they were, facing the sunlight. They all began to make the Sign of the Cross, and looked on the storm as an ill omen for the young couple. Vlad approached his son, saying, ' Radu, wil lingly will I beg my way in the world, if thou wilt but recognise thy sister, and take her to live in thy house.' ' Oh, no ! ' cried Heano. ' That would not suit me at all. Never mind, Radu, I see that she is thy sweetheart. If you, girl, wish to steal him from me on my wedding day, go ! take him with you, and teach him to play on the bagpipes, and beg for pence.' ' Radu,' said Vlad, very severely, 'speak the truth, or I will.' The perspiration trickled down Eadu's face as he said, ' I do not know this girl.' ' So let it be,' said Vlad. ' Then listen, all of you, to me. Know that I have just been set free from the Salt Mines, and that this maiden is my daughter, who, when she saw me, came to me at onoe, although she knew that I had been a con vict ; she had a home in her stepfather's house, but she preferred to gain her bread by singing and playing with me. For thee, Radu, who wast my son, be thou for erer accursed. May thy house fall to ruin ! thy fields become a wilderness ! thy wells be dried up ! thy cattle die speedily ! and if ever thou art the father of a son, may he be a greater shame to thee — yea, nine- fold — than that which I bear, as having come from the Salt Mines ! At the hour of thy death may no hand be there to give thee even a drop of water ! May thy wife deceive thee and forsake thee ! To whatsoever thou puttest thy hand, may it turn to poison. No man can free thee from thy father's curse ! ' Again a loud clap of thunder was heard, which seemed to roll from one end of the firmament to the other, and the people withdrew to their own homes, horror- stricken, leaving the old man and his accursed son. Vlad turned aside, and leant heavily on Neagoe's shoulder. The wind blew through his long beard, and penetrated the girl's scanty clothing. They were enveloped in a cloud of dust, which did not disperse until the rain fell in torrents, when Vlad and Neagoe had disap peared. Radu remained on his knees, abandoned by all, for none of his acquaintance would speak to him. Ileann was led into a neighbouring house, shrieking and weeping and tearing from, her head the costly golden beteala, which she trod under foot. Her fiiends sympathised with her, but they asked : ' Why had, she fallen so deeply in love with Radu, of whom one knew nothing, not even whence he catne, or who his family was ? So it is when one does not marry a man from one's own village, and when one's parents spoil one, as Heano's parents spoiled her. Her father should have beaten her, and have locked her up in the house, and then this misfortune would not have happened.' So they Bpoke amongst themselves, while the wretched Radu sought to find shelter within the porch of the church, but the verger closed the door quickly, and did not allow him to eater. He was in despair, for he knew not where to flee — everyone would look coldly on him, and despise him. Suddenly he heard rapid steps coming through the darkness, and soon a young man approached the church. He was at first much frightened on seeing Radu, but after a time he approached him, saying : ' I pray thee, friend, for God's sake, do not betray me. I have but just escaped from the Salt Mines, and I know not where to conceal myself.' Poor Sandule — for it was indeed he — knew not that Neagoe, his beloved Neagoe, had stood on the same spot but an hour ago. ' How can I help thee ? ' said Radu, ' for I also am persecuted, and know not which way to turn for peace. A wild beast could serve thee better than I. Yet, stay, up there is a way to the mountains — a steep path winding through the rocks ; no one will be likely to discover thee there ; I can give thee no other advice save this.' Sandule departed quickly, without waiting for further conversation. Under cover of the night, he was able to enter his own cottage, and pack up and take with him the little property which he possessed, before he disappeared from the village. (To be continued.) 