RESOlfES irCQfiifBVl? ? fjBr Gj.u.H. Gsul-.y.] And He of thoG lass Kye callo'l together his eldore, and in iiiournf ul accents Btiid, ' Xj-), we have wrought with vi;;or and un exampled cunning, yet have we been defeated and exposed by tbose ungodly Bartonites, at (be Hauls of i.ue Hastings, ar.il it beinvutii nst' ssai r.i avenue o£ escape from the resulU cf our nul ud ministration.' And the uactuouu Brunker, a Pharisee, rose upon iiis feet, and spake thus ;? ' Verily I say unto you, awettliave boen the pickings from tu'e Treasury, aad faia would 1 be satisfied to coatiauo as a councillor of the people — for a cousidura tion. Yet am 1 afrai.l that we shall bo cast out. Lee us therefore, ere ii bo too Jrite make appointments, ami ;et us begin by Bending afar, even unto Aibion, ono of our Elders, even though it be Cocky of the Camera, that bu may buy aad sell for tho people, for in it not well tnowa, that be is capable of selling bis country, or portions liiereof, eo\that he ma)- enricli tlie aiilueut and c/eb'Sr the people from living on tbe land. And lie of the Glass i'jye arose in anger, saying. ' Long have 1 had my eye upon iheollicoin Albion, for it carryeth much hoodie and little labor ; and as the tribes have discovered many fishy doings which I have dune, and 1 dteni the vengeance of the Tobyitoa, thsrefme would 1 accept the Genoral Agenc.r, as a balm to my wounds.' And Cocky of tho Camera, rose ia fierce resentment, and said, ? liave I not battled, at tbe instigation of the elders, with the scribe Norton, the enemy of tUo Usiilitos, evan suffering sk'umeiul exposure at bis hands, and the meanness of my life hath been held to the public gaze in con sequence thereof? Yea, tbis have J. done, yet Joes lie of the Glass Eye attempt to didaio me out of my just claim to tbe office in Albion.1 And Ha of tlia Glass Ere arose, saying, 'True it is tbe elders used tbee as their cat's paw ' in ilia attack upon the scribe .Norton, fpr well wore they aware that being a fool, lliou would'st rush in» whore angels feared to tread. And though the result was startling uuto thee,.yei it came not as a surprise to inacy.' ?? -: And Cocky oC me Camera rent his garments, and heaped invectives ou the head of the scribo Norton, and those afraid to tackle him themselves, yet goaded him to do so. Then Holy Joa, tbs min«r, arose, and saith unto Cooky of tbe Camera, 'ily bowels are moved with compassion for thee as a follow underground worker ; for truly was the persecution of the scribe Nortou a disastrous move, and tbe effects have been far reaching. For by this have we lost one of great piety from our midst Ho, Lonsil≤, who did earnestly preach peace and goodwill to all men, and who righteously used every effort to place his own brother, together with tbe scribe Norton, in bondage.' ' I thank thee friend,' said Cocky of the . Camera, 'for thy sympathy, so froely tendered, yet am I lotb to take from thee that 'Of which thou Blandest so sorely in need thyself, as was evidenced by the re ception accorded thee by tbe tribes of the dwellers' in the city of Coalopolis.' 'And I' tali tliaa friend that I have re considered the proposal of the Elder, Bruaker that I should take unto myself the General Agency. For the people with mighty voice demand that one so exalted in principle and lofty in sentiment as my self shall not leave their midst. For by my retention much good may result.' And it pleaBeth me to stato that by my holy influence amongst the faithful of tbe Leard, was 1 again given the opportunity of receiving my share, of boodle as a counceilor.' Whereupon the Patriach Brual;er,takiag his cue from Cocky of the Camera, hastened to eay unto his fellow councillors : Verily [ had forgotten tho loss the righteous would sustain by the absence of one so dearly loved by tha whited sepulchres of the Loard. Let me, therefore, I pray thee, withdraw my motion relative to the oflice in- Albion. For though liis boon companions may consider him a saint, yet dwelletli there, in tbe cbief of tbe cities of Albion, one Keyuolds, & scribe, whose methods of exposing people of our kidney are about on a par. .with tbaee of the scribe Norton, who, though Baton threatened, yet would ha dare to blast our reputations, even unto speaking tho truth. And lest ye should think that I stoop so low as to read his ungodly publi cation called Truth concerning us, yet I trust you will accept my disclaimer. And with one accord arose the Elders, end testified tbat though a doubt existed about bis reading tbe paper Truth, yet were they emphatic in their assurance of their belief that ths truth was foreign to him. And a ?mita of extreme unctuonsneas o'erspread tbe seraphio countenance of the l'atriarob, as he winked tbe other eye, and sat upon hie marble arch. Then arose tbe Councillor for Japan, and as on* learned in le^al lore, he spake as follows : — ' Why tbe trepidation and mutual dis trust amongst ourselves ? . la it not pos sible to bribe the Tobyites by inducing their leader, Tobias, to accept the office in Albion of General Agency? ;For tbis office oarryetb many shekels, ajid though we know him to be morally strong, yet 1 believe him to be financially weak. Tin's, dear brethren, would be a maBteJ-stroke of underground engineering1 ; for {bough we are ostensjbly offering a good thing, yet, should he accept,, the results would be disastrous to his fellow tribeajnen. For, not until their cb:-i£-jhAfi?r4.0ntered the Council of the yeople did: -Wtif ear danger from the lesser eMersvl.-Qie Tobyites.1 Then epakto lie of the Glass Kye : ? Truly, there is login fewjpaad profound in f^o 'fronlB of wlsrt'ini spoken by the' Councillor of Jap:nj iot tbe serpent is aot more, wide than lie, .nor, yet uiora capable or adaptation to any ppsicion that .may; requite squirming.' ? And k great wave of .gratitude surged through tbo heart of the Councillor of Jip;iu on bearing these words, as a great tribute to liin- fair cad ouea (ladling was coDveyeil therein, and lie recognised in him of the Glass iiyo a kiud:°o:l spirit. Now it. -u-,ia-» to y.a« \\}nt amoiijst tho elders there was one of excessive piety, to wit. Holy Joe, who bad long looked with jealousy upon tbo action of the Counsellor of Japan in visiting tho country bo roproseatocl ; for Joa lackoJ tin) whore- I withal to Klijra 111 lba iuuulgence of the 1 doubtful luxuries and voluptuous pleasures enjoyed by the.Counselbr*of Japan in Jii-s anounl trips 10 the laud of tho Mikado. 1 .Aud he deprecated tho oti'ering of tha | appointment to Tobias, loader. of the | Tebyitos, for be believed the end was wear at has j, and this billet woulrl afford asnujj retreat lor oua of themselves. And Birney Variies, of the Ghost Office, said, 'Truly, 1 think 'twere bolter ihat this matter stand over, and I will sit inn on a rail that X may watch my cbaucos, for though my chance may bo remote, yet, by coast.iat euiuud^ihg, it is possible I may succeed.' And the Elder for Diseemmination of Ignorance amongst lhs children of tbe tribes rthte and spake as follows : — ' ' As one well content with my present screw, 1 would suggest that the appoint ment to the General' Agoncy bo beid in abeyance, and earnestly entreat lie of the j Glass Eye, forthwith to forego liis inten tion of wriggling iuto tho office now Vacant in Albion.' Then spake lie of the Glass E/e. ' Gladly do 1 promise to hanker no longer after tbis appoiniinent. For there has lately loomed upon the political horizon, a very giant of might sa valor, to do battle on behalf of the councillors., For has be not attempted to smite hip and tiiigb our mutual enemy, the scribe Norton, making bis assault, lino a skilfull general, from tbe reai.with f-!nited thongs. Aud though the scribe Korton isaotinigihty in stature, and is fat withal, j yet was bo full of pugnacity, aud forth with, in -,ia bumble spirit of humility, procealod'to draw bis squirt. Whereupon, remembering an urgent appointment, tho valiant clrampion of our cause dacidad it woro better not to disappoint those w'nora bo had to meet, and u-itli precipitancy and j Unwonted energy forthwith proceeded to clpao the interview, quoting in the mean- 1 tune those well known and beautiful lines Of the Latin post : Ee who starts to fight, but sneaks away, Save* bis bide for another day. 1 thought I'd struck an «&sy; ^'sg, But found I'd bumpei against a snag. Bun, good logs run I augment your speed 1 With tear my very heart doih bleed, Pursued 1 am, by irate BCribf, A ecioa oi a vengeful tribe. Hark now,' tbe scribe be fires and rants, Methinks the bullet's in my panu, And I can fuel sensations queer Come stealing o'er me irom tbe rear. I think a tartar I have canght on And bad at that, is this scribe Norton; Ah, here's a cab, in it I'll doige, And an assault 'gainst him I'll lodge.' Then said tbe Patriarchal Brunker, 'Phew 1 methiaks I smell something malodorous in tha composition of tbis poetry,' as quoted by the glaBS-ey ed one, and I feel perfectly convinced that the linos contain more truth than poetry.' 1 And Ho of the Glass iiyo laughed to scorn the imputations that there was any thing malodorous in tbe line; as quoted by him, and forthwith proceeded to bum the words of that well-known hymn — ? Twinkle twinkle little star, Norton chased poor Mister ifeagher, And he aimed his little squirt, To strike him just below tho girt.1 And the Patriarch, with solemn visage saitb, 'Brethren lest we becomo imbued .with the spirit of poetry, let us seen tbe Loard in prayer.' And lifting his voice cried aloud. 'How long Oh Loard, how long is tbv just anger against tbe ungodly Tobyites'to be with held. For eo long as tiiou abstaineth from striking them in their ini juiious attacks upon thy chosen pe'dple, so long will our share of tbe boodle be in jeopardy, and iiiieiy to pass into the bands of the Tobyites, who fain would UBte tlie sweete of office. And we ask thee, Oh Loard, that thou wouldst purge them of their craving for the perquisites which rightly belong to us, thy chosen people. For in thy commands, Ou Loard, clearly are tbey told tbat tbey shall not covet their neighbour's billets nor his shekels, nor the opportunities to feather their nests at the expense of the people. This I tako, Ob. Loard, to be a privilede granted by thee onto Us of tbo Keidites. And Ithank tliee, Oh Loard, that we have been enabled by thy grace, to take full advantage of opportunities as they prfiaented~thBm selves. Armen. Queensland's new Premier is a man of very small account, in comparison with his predecessor. Heisn thorough ! grooriist.and possesses none of that daring exploratory spirit which mado Byrnes so conspicuous' a political entity. There are troublous times ahead for the land of the crocodile. ? ? ? Yankee jingoism is a fine thing on a largo scale, Once it^jets going it sweeps around Jjke a typhoon off ilie chain, and wrecks everything from social peace to truth- telling. It is just now buBy in ll&iuiug; the publiainind against Me ICinley, and will doubtless end up by wrecking the present Government and setting up a set of tomfools arrayed in full war piint,. armed to tbe teetb, and ready to do its b.dding on tlia elighiost provocation. 