The Ghost of Brigalow Bend. ?-? BY " WANDEREE," Author of " Two ChriBttnaB Eves," " Vengeance is Miue," "A Fair Take Down," etc., etc. ** W SAY, Tom, I want you to go out to _~ I Brigalow Bend. The roan bull T has strayed away from his mob, and Christy says he cut the beggar's tracks going in that direction. I'm awfully sorry to have to send you to- day, but I can't help it. You're the only man on the station who can track the brute in that country, and he's too valuable to lose. The boss gave £200 for him only last month." The speaker was George Dalrymple, manager of Violet Bank, a cattle station os the head waters of the Dawson, where I was employed as overseer. I had just ridden up to the hut after a hard morn- ing's work, and was looking forward to a luxurious swim in the big waterhole, followed by an afternoon's spell, for it was Christmas Eve, and all hands were to knock off at dinner-time. Z "Bless the bull!" I exclaimed ("bless" wasn't exactly the word), swinging myself from the saddle. "It's a bit rough on a man to lose his Christmas dinner and all the sport afterwards for the sake of that beast. Why in blazes didn't Christy go after bim himself? He might have found him easilv if he'd taken the trouble to look." "He did run the tracks as far as he could, but after a while they led into that patch of rough country beyond the fiox Flat, where he lost them altogether. You know Christy's not a star at that game. I'm certain you'll find the bull somewhere about the Bend. He camped there one night on the road up, and tried his best to break away with some scrub cattle that sneaked up during the night. At all events he's gone in that direction, as I said before, and he must be found, Christmas or no Christmas. I wouldn't send yon if I could help it, but who else is there ? All that country round the Bend would puzzle a blackfellow since the brigalow got a start on it, and if it comes to tracking you're the man for the job. You can sleep in the hut to-night if yon go straight to the Bend, that is, if you're not scared. I think I've heard you say you don't believe in ghosts ?" " Not I," I replied. " I might have been afraid of old Lanty in the flesh, but I don't think his spirit can hart me, even if it does 'walk.' I've never seen a ghost either, nor do I believe any man who saya he bas." Dalrymple looked at me curiously for'a moment, and tben said, "Perhaps you're right, but-well, never mind. I was going to aay something, but I'll wait till you Dome back. You'd batter make a start as soon as you've had some dinner, and per- haps you may pick the bull up before sandown. If not, you can go on to the Bend." Of course, I had to obey orders. So, with a hearty malediction on imported Photo by Mr. 3L. Grey Williams, Fremantle VIEW OF FREMANTLE WITH JETTY AND HABBOE WOEKS IN THE BACKGROUND. cattle in général and the roan bull in particular, I departed to saddle a fresh horse and roll up my blankets, so as to be prepared for two or three days' camp- ing out. Then there was a supply of tacker to be procured. I sighed as I thought of the feast our cook was making ready for next day's dinner. I would be out of all that, as well as the subsequent festivities. I could only carry some bread and meat, and, of course, the indispensable quart- pot. Accordingly, having made all my other preparations, I invaded the kitchen in search of the necessary eat- ables. / ** My word," said the cook, when I had explained my errand, " that's a bit o' bad luck right enough. I tell you what, though ; yon shan't go without a bit of my puddin' after all. It's been boilin' all day, so it'll be fit to eat by this time. I'll take it out o' the pot an' cut you off a hunk ; then if yeu take a four-quart billy with you you'll be able to warm it up, or you can fry it on the coals. Eh, how will that do ?" " First rate, doctor," I replied (a cook is called "doctor" or "poisoner" in the bush, accordingly as his dishes are excel- lent or otherwise.) "I'll be cimping in that old hat at the Bend to-night most likely, so I'll want something extra good to keep my courage up." The cook stared at me open-mouthed when I mentioned the hut. Photo by Mr. W. J. Beisley. Fremantle. SOUTH BAY, FREMANTLE, FROM THE LIGHTHOUSE, " You're not go'.n' to camp in that in- fernal shanty ?" he gasped. " Of course I am," 1 answered, laughing heartily at his awe-stricken expression. "I don't take any stock in old women's tales about ghosts or such- like rot. If there was a murder committed there, what then? Some swagman suffering a recovery camped there soon after the crime. I sup- pose, and mistook the ' little fellows ' who were chasing him for the murdered man's ghost. I'm surprised to find you as super- stitious as the rest, upon my soul I am." " I've heard a lot of 'em talk like yon," replied the cook, shaking his head solemnly, "but they all changed their tune after they'd tried Sleepia' in that hut. Do you mean to tell me a good buildin' like it would be allowed to stand empty if there wasn't Bomethin' uncanny about it ? No bally fear ! You ask the boss. He'll tell you he wouldn't camp there for a year's wages. You're only been here a few months, an' don't know how many's been Beared pretty nigh out o' their seven senses by old Lanty's ghost. You'll sing another song when you come back, I'll bet a dollar." "AU right," said I, "I'll bet you a sovereign neither Lanty's nor any other man's ghost can make me camp in the open when there's a comfortable bunk t* sleep in. Not but what I'd prefer the open air myself in summer time, but I mean to sleep in that wonderful hut to-night, just for spite. I mustn't dawdle here any longer ; I've got thirty odd miles to ride. Give me that duff, and make your mind ea3y about Lanty. Prom all accounts he's gone to a place where the climate's so hot that he'd perish if he attempted to show his nose back here." The " doctor " cut off my share of plum pudding, and wrapped it up in a bag, grumbling to himself the'while about "youngsters who fancied they knowed more than men old enough to be their fathers." "If the ghost does come, doctor," said I, weighing the parcel in my hand, " [Tl just bash him in the forehead with this, and I'll guarantee it'll * lay ' him effectually." Then, dodging a rolling-pin anl sundry other handy utensils, I beat a retreat towards my horse, followed by such a blast of Drofanity as made me quite certain our worthy "dough-banger" had served his apprenticeship to bullock driving. At the time of which I write-a year in the early seventies-there was no finer cattle country in Australia than on the Dawson. Fairly open, splendidly grassed and watered, and comparatively easy of access, it was indeed a paradise for the herds that roamed, free and untrammelled by hateful wire fences, over it's broad plains, or sought a noonday shelter in its cool forest glades. But even then the deadly brigalow had begun to lay its grip upon the land. Slowly at first, then, as its seedlings became more widely scattered, by leaps and bounds, the useless scrub overspread forest and plain alike, telling no uncertain tale, to those who watched its almost miraculous growth, of aban- doned homesteads, starving cattle, and ruined owners. In no part of the world and I have wandered in many lands-have I seen such an alteration in the appear ance and prosperity of a district as bas taken place within the past twenty- five or thirty years on the Dawson. For scores and scores of miles, where I can remember wide, rolling downs, with here and there an islet of shady forest, the country is covered with brigalow scrub BO dense as to be absolutely impenetrable to either man or beast. Nothing lives there, save, perhaps, an occasional kangaroo - rat. Whero thousands of cattle found herbage so luxuriant that it grew rank in spite of their cropping there is now not one single blade of grass, for the brigalow is merci- less; no other herb or plant may grow beside it. Some day, perhaps, a plan may be devised for ridding the country of this scourge. At present it defies man's puny efforts ; and, if cut down or grubbed up, bursts with the next rain into a fresh and vigorous existence, twenty young trees springing where one has been destroyed. As 1 jogged along northward on this Christmas Eve, however, the possible ex- tinction of both cattle and squatter did not trouble me much ; indeed, bad I known for a certainty that one of the former-the roan ball to wit-was about to " peg out," I would have rejoiced exceedingly. As the cook bad observed, I had not been long on the station ; in fact, I had only recently returned from a trip with an exploring party in Central Australia, and I had been looking forward to having a real good time at Christmas. The men on Violet Bank, frem the manager down, were a very decent sort, and they had " spread them- selves" in making preparations for the festive occasion. It was too bad ! Instead of enjoying a good dinner, with a sing- song, or, perhaps, a "buck dance" to follow, I would be stuck in an old deserted hut all by myself, with nothing to enliven me bat the prospect of a visit from old Lanty's wraith. True, I had brought a bottle of whisky with me out of the case provided by the manager, but what was that P I was too young to find any pleasure in drinking "Jack Smithers," and I could scarcely expect the ghost to join me. He would be "spiritual " enough already. The frequent mention of Lanty's name recalled to my mind the story of his tragic end. The yarn, as it waa told to me, ran thus : Some ten years earlier, the hut to which I was now proceeding was occupied by an old shepherd-the run was under sheep at the time-whose violent temper and readi- ness in using the sheath-knife which he always carried, had earned him a mist un- enviable reputation in the district. Lanty Moore, as he was called, was a typical "Jold hand," scarred deeply both in body and soul by his experiences at Port Arthur and other penal settlements ; a drunken old wretch when he had the chance; quar- relsome and blasphemous at all times. No hutkeeper could live with him, and he would have been speedily sacked but for his undoubted skill in the management of his flock. No other shepherd on the river lost so few sheep or kept his charges in such tip- top condition. Therefore Lanty's employer bore with his vagaries as best he could, sending him one hutkeeper after another as fast as he frightened them away. At length, however, ho met his match. On coming home one evening with his flock he found a new mate in- stalled in his hut, which was built on a bend of the river where one of the first patches of brigalow began to spread. Hence the name Brigalow Band. The new arrival was a youngish mai, quiet and inoffensive to all outward appearance, but with a lurking devil in his long, narrow, black eyes, which portended aa exceedingly stormy time for whosoever woke him up thoroughly. He, too, made but a short stav, but his departure was due to somewhat different circumstances from those which had caused his predeces- sors to make themselves scarce. The very morning after his arrival Lanty began to give him a taste of his quality. He found fault with the damper, swore the mutton was rotten and the tea " cot fit to sluice out a sewer in hell." The newcomer listened for a few moments in silence; then, when Lanty paused for breath, said: " I've heard tell of you, my joker, an' I kin see I was told no lies. There's only one way o' dealin' wi' your sort. Coma outside an' take your shirt off !" Lanty glared in speechless astonishment. Who was this whipper-snapper who bearded him thus ? The idea of a cross-bred gum- sucker talking fight to him ! Then the torrent of his wrath burst its bounds, and he sprang at his challenger, grinding out a stream of blistering profanity from bet w eon his clenched .teeth. , Smash! The hut keeper's right caught him square between the eyes, and Lanty staggered back against the rough slab wall half-dazed by the blow. In a few seconds he recovered, and, whip-. ping out a murderous-looking sheath-knife, again rushed to the attack, his eyes red with the lust of blood, his face blotched and mottled with passion. * Quick as thought his antagonist snatched np a heavy iron bar which did duty as a poker, and, springing lightly aside to avoid the thrust which Laney aimed at his heart, brought his weapon down with tremendous force on the shepherd's unprotected head. No skulL however thick and tough, could withstand such a blow, and Lanty fell forward without a groan, bespattering floor, table, and wall with blood and brains. Then the slayer coolly rolled up his swag and made his way to the head station, where he recounted to an awe stricken circle of listeners the particulars of his crime just as I have set them down here. The manager, knowing the dead man's insatiable appetite for rows at all times and seasons, believed the hutkeeper's story; and, holding that the latter had not been guilty of murder, but had com- mitted justifiable homicide, advised him to make tracks before the police got wind of the affair. At first he talked of giving himself up and seeing the thing through, but finally took the manager's advice and departed without beat of drum. Soon after he had disappeared men began to whisper that his story was a fabrication ; that he had known Lanty before, and had followed him to this out of the way spot for no good purpose; that instead of killing the old man in fair fight he had taken him unawares and brained him as he lay asleep. Cer- tain indications in the hut pointed to the probability of this hypothesis, but hy the time suspicion of foul play had hardened into something like certainty, the murderer had vanished, nor could a trace of him be found in the district. Eventually the matter was hushed up, amd old Lanty laid to rest in a grave not far from the hut he had occupied so long. But he would not rest, at least so report said. The next occupant of the hut only re- mained there one night, turning up at the station in the morning with a fearsome tale of how Lan ty's ghost came and slood over his bed at midnight, brandishing a spectral knife in his shadowy hand, and «sing language which left no doubt in the rudely awakened listener's mind as to the identity of his unearthly visitor. The man's story was received with derision, aand another sent to take his place; but he, too, was back at the homestead before dawn in a state of senii-collapso from fright, and scarcely able to stammer lori li sin entire corroboration of his predecessor's assertions. Then the manager himself, with a fortitude born of superior educa- tion and incredulity, braved the terrors of the lonely hut. What he saw ur heard Photo by Mr. L. Gray Williams, Fremantle. FREMANTLE MUNICIPAL COUNCIL, 1897-8. REAR ROW.—Cr. W. C. Forsyth, Cr. H. E. Wilson, Cr. Fred. Instone, Cr. J. J. Holmes, Cr. Fred. Jones, Mr. E. H. Gliddon (Town Surveyor), Cr. J. R. Doonan, Cr. A. E. Webster, Cr. D. Chester. FRONT Row.—Cr. R. S. Newbold, Cr. W. T. John (Senior Councillor and Treasurer), Mr. E. Solomon (Mayor), Mr. G. B. Humble (Town Clerk), Cr. E. W. Davies. there no one ever knew, but certain it is that nothing; short of actual force co'iii induce him to cross its threshold again. There it had stood ever since, untenanted save by birds and creeping things, its sturdy slab walls and bark roof showing but few traces of the ravages of time. Twice or thrice, when passing that way, I had peeped in at the half-open door and conjured up a vision of that sanguinary struggle, until I almost fancied I could see the massive figure lying prone upon the earthen floor, with shattered skull and grey, blood-bedraggled locks, while over it stooped the murderer, leaning on hts bar, gazing with stony calmness on his awful handiwork. Although I ha"d laughed to scorn the idea of Lanty's shade threaten- ing to slit men's weasauds with a diapho JIQUS whittle, and, as a matter of fact, did not believe it possible for a disembodied spirit to revisit the scene of its former joys and sorrows, still I would not have dreamed of camping in a place which "boasted such an evil reputation had it not been for the doubt as to my courage implied in the manager's suggestion. Now, however, it was necessary to act up to my boast of sceptici m, or else back ¿own and acknowledge in^salf as credulous cs ethers ; rather would I . ace a thousand ghosts. Having come to this heroic determina- tion, I shook np my horse and cantered steadily on towards the Box Flat, across which the bull was said to have passed. On reaching the Flat, I picked up his tracks without much difficulty, and ran them for three or four miles, until they led into the rough, broken country spoken of by Dalrymple. To follow them here required slow, patient work -, so, as they headed steadily northward, I resolved to leave them, push on to the hut, and make an early start in the morning. # # # * # The sun was barely half an hour high when I ro le into the cleaving in which the deserted humpy stood. As my gaze rested on its dark, weather-stained walls, and then travelled round the bait of dull, greyish-green scrub which phut out the last level rays of sunlight, my heart grew chill, and a shiver, such a; is said to pass over one when a stranger treads upon the spot destined to be one's grave, shook me fi om head to foot. For an in- stant a sensation of actual hoddy terror took possession of me. Then, with a laugh -somewhat forced, I am afraid-at my momentary weakness, I sprang from my horse, a:id unbuckled the swag which I had carried before me on the saddle. In five minutes I had transferred all my traps to the shelter of the hut, scaring a colony of paddy-melons, which had taken possession of it, into fits by my sudden entrance, hobbled out my horse with one ring, and gathered an armful of dry wool for my fire. Then, takiug my quart-pot and the billy, which I had brought at tho cook's suggestion, I descended the sloping bank and filled them out of the river, which ran, dark and sluggish, around tho bend. My horse had already nude his way to the water, and was now climbing slowly up the bank, cropping the green river gras3 as he went. He whinnied as I passed him, and I paused to pat his firm, gloss}' neck, feeling, as even I had never felt before, the bond of sympathy and companionship which so closely unites the bushman and his faithful slave. The man of cities and civilisation can never really Know his horse. It is only in the myste- rious solitude of the bush th it biped and quadruped are so drawn together that each unconsciously assimilates certai i of the other's nobler qualities, and thus they come to understand each other perfectly. In a very short time I bad such a fire going on the wide hearth aa had not been seen there for many a yeîir ; in fact, it was so fierce that I could scarcely get ne.tr it to lift off my quart-pot. It made the old shanty hot and close too, being mid- summer, but it looked cheerful, and, be- sides, I wanted to clear . out any stray snake or centipede which might be planted in Ihe chimney. While the blaze leape 1 high I took advantage of its light to sweep the dust off a rude bunk which ran along the wall facing the door. I had half a mind to take my blankets outside when I saw the accu mulation of dirt and cobwebs on which I had to lie. It would have been much pleasanter in the open air, with a good, leafy tree to keep the dew off ; but then I thought of the ridicule which awaited me on my return to the station if I showed the white feather. There was nothing for it but to go through with the job I had set myself, so I made my bed on the un savoury bunk, with my saddie for pillow. As I unrolled my blankets out dropped the bottle of whisky, which, up till that moment, I had entirely forgotten. Good old Andrew Usher! Never did the sight of your familiar name bring more satisfac- tion to the most inveterate " swiper " than it brought to me that Christmas Eve. I had a corkscrew in my pocket-knife, and in less time than it takes to tell I was re- viving my drooping spirits with a " first mate's nip "-four fingers, and " damn the water !" "Aha!" I exclaimed, rubbing my epi- gastric region with one hand, while I held aloft my pannikin in the other, ' Come one, come all,'as one of those poet Johnnies sa j's; come the whole population of shadow- land, they shall not see me flinch ; no, not so much as an eyelash ! Gee-whiz ! What's that?" as a rattle of chains, followed by a long-drawn sigh, came from just outside the door, filling me despite my bravado-with that inde- scribable sensation which thrills through the sleeper who awakes suddenly in the dead of night with the firm conviction that something is in the room. " Next instant my horse poked his head through the doorway, and I felt inclined to kick myself for my momentary "fuck." The poor brute, doubt less feeling lonely, had crept up to the hut unheard while I was lighting the fire, and it wa3 the rattle of his hobbles, as he moved a step nearer, which had given me such a start. I stroked his velvety muzzle, and gave him a piece of damper, after which he turned away contented and began feeding. After I had eaten seme bread and meat, I tackled the plum-pudding, which I had warmed up, in the ¿billy. Whether the " dectorhad made a meEs of it in the tiret instance, or I turned it into a " sod " by boiling it a second time, I know not. Anyhow, I narrowly escaped losing two or three of my front teeth in the first mouth- ful. Oh '. but it was solid '. Still, I finished it. When one is young and a bushman to boot, one's digestive powers approximate to those of the ostrich, and, as I had in my time wrestled with even tougher triumphs of the culinary art, I did not anticipate any evil results from my "set to" with this masterpiece. Another jorum of hot whisky-just to assist in the dis- integration of that awful duff ; a fresh armful of wood on the fire ; a fragrant cloud rising like incense from my old. briar. I began to feel quite festive, and, as I stretched myself on old Lanty's bunk, and watched the flames leaping up the wide chimney, I was as jolly and comfort- able as a possum in a ho'low log. I am usually a splendid sleeper, but on this occasion I wooed the drowsy god in vain. First 1 tried lying on one side, then on the other, then on my back ; but it was no use. After two hours' turning and tossing I was as broad awake as when I lay down. " It must be that infernal duff," I solilo- quised, sitting up and beginning to fill my pipe anew. " Perhaps I didn't take enough whisky to soften it? I'll have another nip !" I had another, and yet another, but sleep seemed as far off as ever. Finally, I gave it up as a bad job, and, having made up the fire, lay down again with my hands behind my head, and, like another wanderer of o!d, "wished for the day." All this time I was smoking, and as smoking begets thirst, I naturally moistened my throat occasionally, taking care, as I thought, to leave a decent ni;> for the morning. Picture my astonish- ment, therefore, when, on putting the bottle to my lips about midnight, to drink a merry Christmas to myself, I discovered that it was empty ! Not a drop left ! Surely I must have had a visitor ! Per- haps the ghost? I laughed loud aud long as the idja struck mo. Then my mood changed. "'Pon my soul it's a bit strong," I muttered, addressing the heap of embers on the hearth. " If old Lanty wanted a drink he might have asked for it like a man instead of sneaking it in this fashion. If the villain would only show him- self, I'd quick tell him what I think of hun." As I ceased speaking a > shape arose between me and the fire, misty and indis- tinct at first, then taking forin and sub stance, till its outlines showed up clearly against the flaming background. My eyes travelled slowly up the patched moleskins and blue shirt-worn, as all " old hands " wore it, outside the trousers-till they rested on the face. My blood froze, my flesh crept, when I would have spoken ray tongue refused its office and clove to the roof of my mouth. The thing glared afc me in silence, its deep-set eyes glowing in their cavernous sockets like halls of fire. Then it raised a shadowy hand, and, pointing to its skull all bruised and battered and covered with clots of blood, from which a constant drip, drip fell to the earthen floor, a sepulchral voice issued from its pallid lips, which lent a new terror to its fearsome presence. " Ye see the track o' yer bar, slim Jim," said the voice. " Ye waited a long time for the chance o' settlin' me, ye crawling white-livered cross between a Jew lizard an' a black snake; but dash, dash ye to blank! I've waited longer for you. I'd have ye to know that I'm turnspit in the devil's kitcheu, where I'll have the plea- sure of roastin' ye an' bastin' ye with vitriol for ever au' ever, ye blasted cur ! My master's given me leave of absence to comean' fetch ye. Ha! ha! ha! I was beginnin' to think I'd never get the chance to scour my knife on yer brisket, but i i's come iit last !" The thing-Lanty's astral shape as'its language eloquently proved - advanced towards me, a long, glittering blade poised high above its head. I tried to scream, but no sound came ; to lift ruy hand, but every muscle was paralysed. Nearer and nearer it came ; I could feel its burning gaze eating into my very brain. Beside my bed it paused, the úp x-aised arm swung still higher; one last flourish ot' the shining steel, and then Crash ! I rolled off the bunk on to the floor with a yell that might have been heard at the station, and lay there half stuuned, gibbering like a maniac and shaking like a dog in a wet sack. Every nioimnt I expected to feel'that horrible knife between my ribs, but the blow never fell. Presently I took heart of grace, and glanced fearfully around. I was alone ! Of my ghostly visitor not a trace remained, save the empty bottle and a strong smell of sulphur! Certain scoffers to whom I have told this "ower true tale" have received it with many nods and winks and would-be witty innuendoes concerning the effects ot too uttch whisky and plum-duff mixed, but these be Philistines to whom aught savouring of the supernatural is catie:ve. -I am, and always will be positive, that old 'Lanty's ghost paid me a visit. I could r never imagine a light supper of plum pudding and good Scotch whisky capable of conjuring up such a hideous vision; and if I did find a hole burned in my blankets by the pipe which dropped from »y panic-loosened jaws, it does not account satisfactorily-to me-for the odour of brimstone so suggestive of the culinary establishment in which the apparition claimed to be clief. 