CHAPTER LXVII.-TO THE S" 'ESCUE. ''T?e wound is serious, but not fatal. I bha.e'found thie bullet with my probe; and will sooni~emoive it, and then, sir, you will rapidly recover." So said Surgeon Powell, as he stood by the side of the bed of the Hermit in his little cabin. ' - As has been seen,the Surgeon Scout and the "Ghost" both kept the appointment made, and that night in the camp at Beacon Rock Frank Powell learned the story of the Haunted Fort and the Ghost of the Mountains. - He also heard how the three scouts had been put to death, and that Colonel Cody and the lieutenant could berescued. And, more, Surgeon Powell learned that the "Ghost" was none other than Burt Braxton, who was playing into the hands of Prince Ashton until he could catch him in the trap. The story of how the ranchero had been captured by his sister, their recognition of their re lationship, and that Zulita was there at the Hermit's cabin nursing their father, the Hermit Nemesis, Doctor Powell lis tened to with the deepest Interest. When the cabin was reached, after a S.ard ride, Surgeon Powell at once went to work, with the result stated. The bullet was removed, the wound dressed, Spurs placed in charge of the iousehold affairs, and Zullta appointed )o nurse her father back to health and trength again, while Burt Braxton and Iurgeon Powell, both in the guise of ghosts, were to go to the rescue of Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford. The Hermit had heard the happy tid ings that his chil4ren had found him, and he said, smilingly, that he did not believe that a bullet through the. heart could kill him then. SSurgeon Powell said the news was bet ter. than any medicine could give, and -"ho?ing Zulitabomw to dress the wound; and leaving herlia charge, withl Spurs as assistant, he rode away with Burt Braxton to the rescue of Colonel Cody, and with everything they could carry to aid them in playing ghosts to perfec tion. \- Zulife saw them depart with full con ldence of their speedy.return, and that S there was any such word as fall with '`. them she did not believe. 