TALKS WITH THEATRICAL FAVORITES. EEMINISCENCES OF POPULAR ACTOES AXD ACTKBSSES. (BY A 'SUNDAY TIMES' SPECIAL.) ME. HAERY ROBERTS. Mr. darry Roberts, ttamg'h young in years, is old in experience, for he commen ced his career with his father's company at Calcutta when but six years old. Since then he nas appeared in almost everv orancn or t?no business, and among those with whom he has been associated ore Mr ?r 5 IloV(- Mt- GeorSe Rlgnold,' Miss Maggie Moore (prior to his becoming a partner of the popular lady's), Messrs Brbugh and Boucicault, Mr. Brough Mr Waiter Beiitiley, Mr. Harry St. Maur, Mr! W. J. Holloway, Mr; Chas. Arnold, Mr. Wybert Reeve, Mr. George Ireland, azrl otners. rne ex perience which he thus gainej .. has. been inva luable to him, 'and it is doubt ..ful if any .actor '.—young or old ' — at present on ? the Australian beards could surpass him for versatility, a a essential quali fioation for suc cess nowadays. 'Most of my experience,' he said the other day in the course of a chat, '*WflR ~9r -a 1 n n if with tho old stock companies, when th« bills were changed even much mory frequently than they are now. I have played as many as eighteen parts in one week, fhree and four parts a night being not by any means an unusual task. I remember once In Brisbane' 'doub ling' the parts of Harvey Duff and Robert Ffoiltet in 'The Shaughraun.' To do so I had to chase myself all over the stage, an-1 eventually catch myself escaping from pri son. Of course I had a double to assist mo, but he was so fearfully knocked about by Conn that he refused to go on after the first night, and has never been heard of since. 'If I ha'd my choice of plays I would cer (.sdnly prefer those cf the Mgher order. I am very fond of ? romantic drama; Shake speare I simply love, and I also have a great liking for old-fashioned comedy. Al though the oraze for melodrama .seems at its topmost height, I fancy that the -.works' of the older mastc-ra will assuredly return to . popular favor. The sooner they do so the better for the profession, for they hplp to make better actors of us- My experi ence has taught me that an actor without a good ground work schooling of Shaker speare has a great deal to learn. Of course we are learning all the time; but it is not until one lias played many of the lesser and some of the leading parts in Shake speare that he begins to realise the great importance cf every word of every lino wliich the immortal bard has written. Most of the Australian actors who have risen to prominence have, with, few exceptions, had a good Shakespearean schooling. 'It is very hard for a young artist who goes on the stage, to-day to rise to immi nence rapidly. The reason of this i^ be cause there' are so few— If any — stock com panies, with which a young, artist can ob tain the requisite schooling. In support of what I have said, I migtot .mention the names of a few artists who have had a good Shakespearean education, and who have a'ttain'ed foremost positions. They are Mr. A. E. Greenaway (who is at present do ing well in England). Mr. Harry .Tewett (who is a big favorite in America), Messrs. J. B. Atholwood, Walter Baker, Albert Nor man, J. W. Sweeney, Harry Leston, ami last, but not least, the late and very much esteemed Scot Inglis. All the old actors were practically compelled to have a Shakespearean education — in thedr days it was considered the alphabet cf the thea trical profession.' 'Of course you have had some interesting or amusing experiences during your ca reer?' 'Yes, very many of them. To begin with, I might tell ycu how I made my first im portant appearance. I was in Melbourne at the time, and was only seventeen years old. I saw an advertisement in one of tha papers for 'a competent actor, to tour-' I saw fixe advertiser, and was engaged at a salary of £4 a week. My first part was that of a- heavy villain in 'Nemesis,' not the extravaganza of that name, but the aid-fashioned melodrama. Nat being too strong financially, my wardrobe was rather limited, so I tried to borrow a wig and a beard, but could not do so from any of my ?colleagues, who I suppose did not like to run any risks. ? I therefore had to go to a barber, from whom I purchased a jet black ringlet wig, which practically fitted me all [ over and touched me nowhere. I could not get a beard, but the barber told me if I got a lady's hair pad and pulled it to pieces it . would do as we'll. I took his advice, but I'm afraid I made a bad job of it, for all that could be seen of my face was my nose and eyes. When I appeared on the stage the audience was fairly convulsed, but when I made my esit it slimply yelled. Tee. ,' piece was a gigantic failure, for which I j waa chiefly responsible. Treasury day ar rived and When I entered the managers office for my salary I fully expected to re ceive my discharge as well. But I did 11 j. He simply handed me 30s instead of Hi, and I signed the receipt as thankfully as ,f I had been paid in full. Our next produc tion was 'Face to Face,' m which I pla-ed a 'thinking' part, as the manager d!d not wish to run any risk by letting me say an'1oongafter this I went on tour with a Shakespearean company, which changed us programme every night. One nigM , ***£ I was appearing as Macduff. MaebcA wouldn't die. The gentleman **°?' playing the part had dined not wisely but too wfll the previous night and he had , not recovered from his ^biUUon. Con sequently in the final combat he would not ate, so I had to fight him to a standstill. 'On another occasion.' while with the same company. I doubled the par ts of tge Ghost and Laertes in 'Hamlet. Tht management should have supplied me witn The requisite armor, but, for some reason, it did not do so. Consequently, as tne Ghost, I had to wrap myself up in gau^e, and wear an ordinary cork hat silvered over with tea Paper-my outfit being the inge nious idea of the property man. Just as 1 was about to begin tha Ghost's long sceno a fire broke out opposite the theatre, and the audience began to file out, with the re sult that, when 1 get about as far as sul phurous and tormenting fames I found myself talking to Hamlet. Almost the whole of the audience had slipped over to ? tne 'I was once engaged to play old Mr. Owen in 'Hie World,' and some, of my col leagues told me that it was customary in the struggle for the last, drop of water en board the raft to pour the water into tne old man's ear. I threatened in the event of their doing so to throw them overboard, but in the actual struggle the opposite oc curred, for I was fired overboard myself, and had to swim back to the raft in order to die. ??'.?'.. 'No, I have never met with any serious mishaps during my career, but I have saved several lives. When a lad I used to swim a great deal and win many prizes. Once while swimming with a number of oth.er lads juat outside the 'In Take' at Auckland, one of the young fellows, the son of o wholesale wine and spirit merchant In Wakefield-street. had sunk twice when I caught him and brought him ashore. His father showed his appreciation by present ing me with a watch. Scon after that I left Auckland, and I did not return there ?for- --1 ??!?)! years — when I visited New Zea la' ' member of Mr. Holt's company. I w; ?r-g along the street soon after ov- rtl when a fine . athletic' fellow, sta. d about 6ft Sin, . came up. and. grasj.'iiie; mo firmly by .the arm, raced me into a bar. 'You saved ind from drowning once,' he said, with tears of joy, in his eyes at apain seeing me, ' and I have never for gotten you.' And he thereupon insisted that we should celebrate the event by drowning our sorrows in' the flowing bowl.' 'How about your future intentions ?' 'After our present season .we go. to New castle for Xrnas and New Year, and thence to New Zealand and Tasmania. Finishing there, we leave for Honolulu and Ean Francisco, where we will secure new plays prior, to going to England,' where we will probably open at Manchester some time In 1899\. We shall take an' Australian com pany with us..' ... 