. LITERARY MATTERS. The deatn of Mr. James Payn nas been very widely felt, for Tie was a man of charming person ality, and had hosts of friends. All the great dailies published very lengthy and appreciative notices of him, and his funeral on Wednesday last was attended by many eminent literary people. It is not generally known that Mr. Payn was for many years the English literary adviser to Baron Tauehiritz.-of Leinzig. And it is safe to say that many an English author, when receiving an offer from Baron Tauchnitz for. the publication of .his work on the Continent, never knew that be was indebted to Mr. James Payn. Every reader of the 'Illustrated London News' is familiar with Payn's 'Note Book' column. This will in future be written by Mr. Louis Austin, whose delightful 'At Random' column- is one of the features of 'The Sketch. V Mr. Austin is one of London's most famous after-dinner speakers, and the mere . announcement of his name as a guest at a literary dinner means a delightful evening. Mrs. Campbell Praed's latest book, 'The Scourge Stick,' to which I alluded in my last let ter, is getting anything but favorable notices from the London papers generally, despite the long and carefully considered review of it by the 'Daily Telegraph' critic. The fact is, the public are sick unto death of the neurotic woman, with her exaggerated morbidity, and there is a feeling of regret, that such a clever writer as Mrs.^Praed should have deserted the real, living, and breath-, ing men and women of her former books to por tray euch an utterly preposterous and irritating fool as Esther Vassal, the automaton creature whom she has made her heroine. ' ? Another new magazine, which was heralded with a mighty blowing of trumpets, is the 'Wide World.' It made its first appearance last week, and, although the reproductions of its many inte resting photographs are a disastrous failure, the letterpress atones. The 'Wide World' is bound to be a success, even though it excludes fiction from its columns. 'The Outlook,' which rose from the ashes of the 'New Review,' is thriving. Bjit Mr. Henley's health is bad, and if he should have to withdraw from it, the new threepenny, wiil surely give up the ghost. The 'Daily Chronicle,' in yesterday's issue, is very severe on Mr. Giles Turner's book, 'The De velopment of Australian Literature.' Here is an extract-: — 'Ernest Favenc, the best bush writer— not even excepting 'Rolf Boldrewood' — that Aus tralia has ever known (for Boldrewood is pro vincial, and Favene is all-Australian) is not even spoken of. Alexander Montgomery and Miss Louise Mack, both Australian writers whose work will certainly become known to the English read ing public, are not mentioned, though much is made of the work of certain Victorian writers, whose, names were never heard of outside Mel bourne and the coterie of the dreadful Austral Sa lon.' 