CORRESPONDENCE. CODLIN MOTII ACT. (To the Editor.) Silr,-A., the editor of the "Mercury" would not print a similar letter to that I sent you, I crave space to describe one or two one-time orchards, but with the whole of them jput together, fromi a short distance above I think it is Osborne's, I will call. it the wilderness. The "Mercury" printed a Mr. Dobbs's letter, in wdiikill were suggestions thlat ducks would not only keep down the weeds, but that very few of the codlin moth grub would escape. I should like to ask, supposing grubs forsake pears, should creep downs tho tarnk and take reafuge in loose bark, who would help the poor ducks up the tree? Wise ducks might be wanted to fly, perch on high hedges, fences, and walls, screening sonic people's fruit trees, and fly down,, and to seTarch for grubs among wiindfaUls. In briary orchards they soon might got lost, lie down, in despair, and give up the ghost. Perhaps some bne will ask, can the new inspectors do anything that will help to check tib.ri pests' ravages more than the oethers have done? Yes, they camn go into all gardens and orchards in the colony; each one. take men with axes or grtubbers,; put at visible mark on. such, trees as I men tioned in my former letter, and bring down or out hundreds of trees that ought to havxe been destroyed years igo if inspeitors had done their duty. If one inslpector has pa-id that he has done all he cani to eradicate the pest; I Ihink lie still lacks knowledge about it, and is niot competent for the billet. 'JThe bush fires may have frizzled some of the fruit and trees up, but, by the appearance of them from the road they look all smothered with blight. If there are any clean, sound young trees, they should be carefully takenl up, put out of the way, and the whole of the mioth infested, blighted, and veritable ccreeding ground should be cleansed by fire, as soon as it will be safe to light it. "The poor people up there should not be nrosecuted. for having infected fruit on the ground.. It will be hard for them if they have to leave oilter work, by .which they are supported, to go to thle heartless work of picking up thousands of apples and pears, very little larger than marbles perhaps, from trees which, if inspec tors had done their duty, should have been, grubbed years ago. I would advihe owners of ground where suckers, blacklberry, and other bushes are encircled round the trec stems, to clear the rubbish from hledges on both sides and along the' roadside; cut the trees down, and set fire to the' leot when the wind is favourable, and let it burn towards the creek; all vermlin, scaly blight, etc., would be destroyed, ite ashes would enrich the ground, and they could grub up trees, etc., at times when otherwise they might not be doing anyth.ing, and plant utqmne thing that would be more profitable than the sturnted trees thlit now occupy the land. ' Is the indusitrious fruit grower who strives to check the pest to b. hindered by the slothful or care less ?-Yours, etc., MARINILR. [We have had to excise several por tions from the above letter, as not cal culated to assist the discussion. Edlitor.1 