j corsican brothers. - ; , Have .oreai , of your' company at the piano, and let the others form a ring. All . being .rea(ly, ,'the pianist Is "to play the ghost air from the "Corsloan Brothers,' and live players arc- to shiver and , tremble to It with! (til tho : diablerie and effectiveness of' which they . dA'e Xcupable. At the will of the pianist the tunc is.suddenly , to break off, arid at the Instant of. the-btieaklng-off a gentleman, who has been already selected for this duty. Is to leave tho ring and go Into the centre as' the duellist. " The combat Is to be the feature.. To prc- , 'pare for It the gentleman Is to close his right hand flstwlse, .and you must then put a white .Handkerchief tightly over It, and tie It firmly -oil round the wrist, to malce the muffling' of .it assured. When so muffled It is the wea pon, the left . hand being rigorously kept .straight down, .unused. The pianist .IS then , to .play, some 'sounding staccato chords (say a dozen) well- separated from one another; and the gentleman, marking the time of these chords and observing It, Is a la duellist,' and 'with moolt tragedy, to do the lunge, the thrust, the fence, the; parry, and what else occurs to him. Suddenly, the pianist Is to pass from the chords into the ghost air again, the company shiver and tremble as before, and the duel list goes round and round Inside the ling, atti tudinising still, till the pianist censes to play, and ho has to choose a lady from the ring, and ' lead her with. his left hand Into the centre. 1 : You must' then muffle the- lady's hand with a second handkerchief .as tightly as you jnuffled. the gentleman's, and the fight Is to take, place. A chord Is to mark the time for the . first attitude, and chords are to mark all -the thrusts, &c;„ the company uttering a sharp , "Ha!" at each, together with a clash of flfe-irons on . the fender by yourself, the gentleriian's object heljig to seize the lady's muffled right 'hand with his muffled right hand, and tho lady's object being to prevent lt< -The grasping at length properly accom- ' pllslied, you unmuffle the gentleman, lie re turns to the- 'ring, arid the lady (you having ''re-tightened her handkerchief) remains in /the 'conti'e as the Corslcan, with all the de- Vtails.o'f the, bravado, the choice, and the com bat repeated. It Is de rigueur that the lady chooses a gentlerri'arif.'and' should any challenger- fall at grasping, the adversary's hand, after a rea sonable time, such adversary Is to be un- muffled, and . to return to the ring a'pild ap plause,' and another adversary to he selected. 