iiMaii ? _ ? ' HEN EDITOR'S ' ' REPORT. fie Interviews Great Men— Parties and Prospects. {Wr« THE OWt') '?'Go,' said tho Boss to the Hen Editor last Monday morning, 'and put tho week lit watching tho current of political nt falro. Keep your eyo on tho situation anil uoo how the cat jumps. BMTJEUVllEW AS MAWTif flUKAT SHOT A3 \&V; «AN FINK* SH1BEJL and got tho printed manifestos «f thm;n wfin nrn ilrimlr. Tf lanv truly Brent ninn, drunk or uobor, engages you, write hla oration for him by tho Inc5i or In tho lump, Hint la your affair, but tnlto mj? ndvlco ilo not Co it nil at onco. IClcc ttono tiinco tho advent of the Lnbor Party occur only onco In three ye.iru, nnd they would occur Icbij often If como members wore to hnvo things an they wished thorn; bo you will not pot another clinnco to noli your (political principles until tho otliera aro marketing theirs three yearn hence.' Tho Hen Editor abatnictcdly abstracted a wad of the Doss' Special superfine crcntn lald copy-pnper nnd hid pot pen and pro pared to depart on hla mission. Ho paused at the door of his nnnctum. 'How much doth tho olllco allow mo .a day for expenses 7' ho queried. 'Two and nix,' isald the Moat!, making a mnUienmtienl calculation, bnsnd chiefly on tho carrying capacity of the Hen Editor; 'two and six nud no more.' 'Sir,' quoth tho Ht-n IOdltor, 'I am nol prepared to run this election business as a temperance candidate. How am I to do any f.ood for tula paper on a paltry two nnd dxpenco a day during tho groat and f;lorlou.i contest. I caunot dliicovcr n man's political principles under two sixpenny drinks — It la a known electioneering fnct t'iiat I cannot do It — and no candidate can Ket at. mo for a lino under three sixpenny drhikn. How do you expect I am going to frill round and put on i;ldo and ncoop In tho electioneering advertisements? 'Wo do not expect you to do It,' replied Iho liooo. 'Wo have known you too lone: nnd too well to lay out our energies] In ex pecting anything of tho kind; moreover, wo do not ask you to do It, you aro Dimply . milted to poko round tho polling booths !und places and talk to tlio man In tho Btrcot, nnd give us your Ideas on tho poli tical fittiiatlon— see?' 'Give mo flvo duys' ex. 'a In ndvanco and .?i.iet.nio eo,' cried tho Hen Editor. 'I havo » worked for some mean proprlotarloii In my I time— I ran n woman'B paper onco, a pro hibltloulst paper ut that, but thin—' . Tho Hon 13d I tor finished his curolng in \- tho street. .lust na tho papor waa going to prons, after tho Boss had had tho office boy all over , the town for hours I ? ovmniiiAiiiriiNWTMK juiABia inr BEAIICH «Bf'JTR»K MKSI EUBTffln. tho latter rolled up with the following bril liant report in hla boot, and breathing on tho Bono iu a way that mado him reel llko a ohearer on n uhauty Moor, ho laid It on tho tablo by n gigantic effort, fell over the waste-paper bnukot, and wont to nleop llko Jacob with a. good hard poem for a pillow. Having received Instructions from head quarters to Interview greet men, I wont alralght, on leaving the olllco, to Wavorloy, and «aw Dill Allen. 'Hollo, Soupy, my handuoino old pippin!' I ejaculated-, ne|z!ng him warmly by tho /act. 'I seo you're como up In tho nkim mine You and' brother Alfred, tho poet, going to get In , thin time?' ? 'Well, I'm going to ho-W. J. Dlunt with you,' oald Soapy; 'I bollevo I nm. I havo s nn.lden that I'd bo a dlntluct ornament to tho AuBombly, too.' 'Not n doubt of It, Soapy,' nald I, 'you'ro ns handsome nri a llguro-Iicad nnd no clever an tho 'KnoyelopnodlnBrltannlcn,' but. Jensep runt) you clone. Jeunop Iu a vlrtuaua mnn, ,i;o nro you, «o nro they all, tor f,hnt matter. Shout I' I loft Wavorloy nnd,/u-mo down an fur nu Woollahra, anil found that exceedingly nice young man Mr. Garland, with n. lock of Jack Want's whlalcorn nulled to hln battlo tlni?, inukltig hlu llttlo npcoch to tho crowd. It w/m a ntco lltllo local Bpnoeh, and I wohdorod how Ioiik it took Jack to tack it. toftother for hln young frlond. Sir \V. Manning waa orating at tho otltos corner, and aa ho was u great mnn— a man . who had been knighted by hlti Gracious ftaveiolRn, preuumably for hla novorolgnn — ? T waited until ho had Unbilled, and wont nnd nnllnd him. ; ? ? 'Hou (-ooth.lt, Sir Bill,' nald'I. 'Mpthlnlia iho victory wnn mine,' ro pllert Iho knight. 'Mo ocomoth suro to win tho Joimt,' 'Hath omblnzoned upon thy nhlold tho Now Mnrkotn rampant?' I nnkod. 'Nny,' quoth ho; 'It woro not well, al f bolt 'twoio n mighty pllo.' ? () 'Veil,' quoth 1, dropping- Into hln pnttor, 51 '/uul « mlffMf.y . pHo 'twill t.nko to 'cquato' (j tlio Bill, owooi Dill. Mothlnlco, If thow \ nit tiUicted, thny'-'tiliouldat- jneko then Co. i lonlnl Arohlt.oot-ln'-Chlof. '? VoHly, thou I »vl!t llnd woik for tho unemployed.' „ 'Yea,' q\ioth ho, 'Ihftf will I truly, nnd t Jiiiuyhnp juy Ofaciouo ..HovorolKn'. -vlll bo J pleaded to mhStcmo-a-mnrqulo,'-' . .' ! , 'A. mnrlcloi, Hill,' I cried; 'blimo, oho'll. . xiinUa i\ tluUn o' thoa an' thou bulttlont up nil thoii Jiaut. Vor verily If tlmy.oloot Uift« I doubt not with thy colomial gonluo foi* nrohllcnluro but thou wilt Introduao n Bill. to rcfon'ili-uot tho Tower of.Babol. £Hn-utl'. I (tot mi for an Glpp'ri Dlvlalon that ovon lriff, nnd iicolntv tlio gnnllKht glcnnilnK on (ho npi cmiliiK . fot'ohoad of GeorRo Blaoft, / pnuicil to drink In wordo of (iloquonco from tho innulh of 'that groat Goclallat of (, ilsii »liin»nr'Mfmdor-thundor tiohool, nnd *; tv- X AM I ooirtiV hoar 'tho '.opposition' So* \\\ clallHt r-iviKUdntoi IsovrlltiK round tlio corndr. V f'fioif.vi m'mh unylng lilco thlngn of hlu op-- .. h tionnnl, nnrt tho oppouont v/aii caylng- «lco 'This?,' cald I to mysolf, 'la fraternity no tho aoclaltola practice it.' I had no nood to naU ciltbor of tUo candidatea to shout — they v/cro uliouting. I nevor heard any thing as liaroh anil nwful. Tho opposition Socjallat tsecmed to bo run by nomo inter nal ntcam nppllnnco. Shudo of Karl Marx! Behold tho dlBclplcu of your beautiful nclonco and othlco! I went lii on tho lu dlvldunllatlc oyatem, and hnd A 3.ONC1 WNCCS-JSPEttATIlVia BEER. I took a cab nnd wont over to King, Found tho l'romlor surroundod by n boat of hla ridmlroro. Gnorgo'u Kenlal mnllo waa beaming allko upon tlio Jusit and unjuot, tho cusontlul oils of self-Bntlufuctlon dropped from hlo abundant person and formed a greasy circle of great radius on tho floor. 'Saviour of my country,' I exclaimed; 'Great Monolith of I'Yeelrndo, Tnmorlano of Land Tax, how roo:i It?' Georgo wiped tho moisture from hln oyo with a Htiout, and 'halting out another reof In hlo v/nlntcoat, roplled, eontentloualy: 'Ho hna cosno homo to cllo!' 'Good for you. Bully boy, with tho rclatm eye,' I rcupomlcd; 'but you nhould throw tho lull of your coat over your nhouldiir toga foiihloii when you nay It. You havo evidently never aeen Georgo RIgnold plny lng Jullun Cncoar.' 'Try It thlsi way then,' raid Georgo, folding hla coat-Jall uvor his head arid looking IIIco n Cochin China roo.itor posing for a monumental iiianon — 'Ho — has — come — homo to die!' An ho uttered tho words 'to din' Gcorpto ghired upon me with an nlr of tragedy, tho effect of v/hlch wan spoiled and lout In tho fat wrinlclflfl undi-r hln mansilvc chin. 'And wIipii Toby nan pnsmdd under tho nootio of Kxcrutloiinr Itnld,' I ventured, 'Will yo bury him di-np?' 'Deeper than the dnnperf.. oea!' cried George, with great vohemenco, 'Wo will Mo a lot of Gorman Ironmongery to him toi-o and drop him Into tho sen of oblivion for ever and for overt' 'But George,' I reoKonod, 'Tobias hath a great vrclght, nnd It will tnko a wholo Gorman cargo steamer load to koop him down — and even If you Blnk him now hln Federal plioat will rlao again.' 'QPASK3 MB I SPAJIK 1IIEI' CKSBIK weepliiK like n llttlo child. 'I am all un iitrung. Barton's ghost han haunted mo too loiigl 'mien I went to bed at night It -iat on my client; when I rono In tho morning It was by my hcdaldn; till day It kept at my elbow. 'Bnrton, Barton,' nothing but Barton. Alicad of mo nt tho Federal olt-n- ? tlons, hofmlng Iho Convention, and now flouncing mo Into King Dnlcnda cut Barto . num.' 'Thal'n Imd Latin, old mnn,' I obaorved; 'but H'n good nonne, from your point of view. An you nay, Barton muBt bo des troyed, or hn will doKlroy you. Why not flit on him acoMontnlly?' A frlf-nm of hopo crocmed Mr. Keld'n fnco. It toolc iinvcrnl nilnutrn to crour;. nnd when it wan pono tlio Monolith ejaculated: 'RIt upon him! Happy thought I I'll fall on him off a bnlnonv If I can, or trend on Tilm stouty ton at Ihn huntliiRU.' ??'Mlttinr would be fatal, GrorRO,' uald I; 'l-ut how do you think, nprlounly now, U will ho wltli you after thn flpht lu over'' '.'I cannot tblnk norlounly,' tiald Mr. TJcld. '7, never ncaulrod thn habit: but t liollcvn Mint thn plorloun liannor of Free trado will -wop lto tnll to tho breeze nu ho forc nnd Tlnrton mimt ('IIh!'' 'Well, Ocnr/re,' I -vonturrd, 'You havn had n good Inntricii. nnd you've sot enmn rtinti to your credit; you havo run awny . from nlntntit nil your prorolflps, but you aro nurli a dear, nllnpory. nlillful old Rnn-liao;, and in i oh a trood hnnd nt lumtlncfl jokon. nnd no ndrolt In pnvliiK a lot, and meaning nothlnjr.' Omt I nbmild not bn nurprlm'd 'f you vfrtcclrd In; but, oh, what a lark If you ilnn't!' 'T.,irk!' imld flenrco, fnnnlnn; hlmnolf with a ofiny of tho 'Dnlly Teleitraph.' 'Hon't you «iver como nt mo for a Govern ment MUM!' 'Oeow.' I exclaimed, 'Forglvo mo! T (M hut tout!' 'I fbi'plvn you.' fin roplfcd, on ono onn dltlon. 'Pav tinrlnn has como homo to dlo. It comforln tnr!' I put onn hand upon my heart, nnd ralnod tlio othor Kolomnly towards au election , plnrnrfl. 'Barton linn como homo to utny—er, die/' I cam. 'An-1 Federation munt bo his tonlbntono,' ho nrtrtod. 'Ament' I toft tho OK-Pr^tnlor dlctntltuc next day'n lonilor to n 'Dully TeloKraph' mnn. nnd tooft nia train up tho lino a« far an Shor brooVo. , ; I.wiot^lown to .Tnlc«» Oarrnrd'u oommlttnn ': rooino. niuT jnnt nil I wan onterlnR them wan a 'terrific. ezT'loMon. nnd Jn|co, with bin hnir ? Marlni?. c.tttryo flvlnrr through tlio door, and ? an ?»n lilt th-\ prroiind hn ijnld 'Damn.' ?jint iwInK .n?» fltandlng thoro, liolfa-book In fcftTir!. Im niTded: , ? 'If 1 »nlnht bo' prnnHtcd to iibo Urn ox pr«'«'''.' , . il»»«3Ar«rS 5JP, J)AKK«''.3 ABKBB. 'G&ai;' ho roplloil, holding hln , liono. 'Aixnoophprlo tsnni' It rnnolt, nn If n wholo Oovfirnmonl had ? henu frtlrrcd up vflth a long polo. 'You'vo hnd another narrow cnoapo,' I rtuniwknd. 'Thoro wno onough forcn In that ftnn to Imvd' nont you nylng over tlio wnllfl olf rari-Aniatla flnol.' ? 'I novor played klr^-ln-lho-rliiK willi thosji) (iclinol, mlnn'on,' finld Jacob, who nbom cd abutraolflil, 'I gnvo you my weird of, ?lionor an t» OhrloUnn ,niu1 a oarponlor llint t. novfli' illd. lit wjib a Ilo!' ? 'Oh thht'a nH rlfdit,' I nnldj 'a moro ' nowopiipnr Jojto; lu\t, I Bny. thoy toll mo ?Jh« IRtrra'Ar'n (Kolnff-ln hovo!'1 'I Ooti't cam,' said Jake,- whlntltng a hymn. 'I don't care. Held wnn going to chuck rne out of tho Ministry, anyhow; mo and CnxrulherB— I menu Carruthcro and T, nnd it's poor return for honest norvlce. Politics don't pay me.' . 'It you get licked you ought to net up as n patent agent I' I miggontcd. 'I ohall,' iiald Jacob. 'Hnvo you ever heard theoo beautiful and touching veraos: How floth tho llttlo busy boe Improve each nhftilti,? liour f I loft. Jake leaning ncnlnt.it a post ?with nn eager, far-away look on bin cold, chlndlcd featurcH fcazlng Into tho golden aunuot, and took tho train back to town. . I ntopped en route nt I'otcrciham and heard Kusacll Jonen, who Is a fourteenth couuln of Joe Chnmbcrlaln'ii wlfa'n aunt, or nomethlnj,', tell the Petcrshammora all about his recent tour round tho world, and what ho iinld to tho Gorman Emperor about Frcctrado, and I got to Lolcbhnrdt about next ovrnlng, or aomo tlmp, and heard O. I). Clnrko on tho cold water cu-o, and after that I cannot remember very clenrly what hnppo.&ed; but I havo nn idoa that I Interviewed Bruce .Smith, and that ho TR8EBTO QUEII.I, HE XViTSl UlFl EIAUaUTl' EYC. or a bottle of whisky, or both, nnd that W. H. Tralll trod on mo later In tho nlfcht, cr hit mo with ono of his Jokes; but, anyhow, I found mynelf nbout daylight t;relng a commltteo man home, and when wo got homo tho commltteo man's wife wan wait ing up for him, nnd nho perceived that wo wero both perfectly nobor, and let us In — nt least, slip lc;t him in by the hnlr, nnd I went nnd ulp.pt on tho front (steps no mi not to bo dragged Into any domestic argument which wna foreign to politico, nnd un worthy of nn elector nnd a publicist. And I romember that thn nun fieemedlofcot up In tho. west shortly after, and I n,\w a man going round thn hoardings with elec tion placnrdn, nnd tho National Aim wna following him nnd cntlng them off for snko of wft pnnte, and I got up and went homo, partly bocraiso I did not want to bo a wlt nesn to any nuch proceedings, and pnrl.ly for penernl romionn connected with thn Konernl elect Ions, nnd I hnvo been having rcvlveni over nlnco. 