THE RED TROOPER. A ROMANCE OF THE DAYS OF JAMES II. By Jhanes J. McCabe, LL.B. CHAPTER II. TIHE CHA.IIM OF THE TROOPER. Tlhe' soldier was seated in the cot-. tage beside a rough "oaken -table':" lie' had:got over his ppanic annd: as -canre lessly quaffing a bowl of goat's..milk. which the girl hbad placed before, him. In a corner sitting in a straw chair, and bent: witli' ige, 'as ai.6i1 d:liioiihan, whose withered face still boire a dim trace of the dark, bold, eagle-like beauty of lMona. O.Ndill. ' The woman was gazing' with horrori at the' trooper's uniforml. "Oh, Mo ona! never did the red coat cross the threshold of one of our name that the niisfortune did not fol low like the hungry crow." "Peace, I say," said I\ona, im periously. She was looking at, the stranger and the admiration that shone in her beautiful face was evident even to the weak. sight of her grandmother. He was a handsome man, a little travel stained. and worn, with the light blue eyes and clear conmplexion of his coun trymen. "Tell me," she said boldly, "who are you? Where do you come from?" "Allow .me, first of "all," said he standing up and bowing to her, "to thank you for saving my life. For myself, I am Trooper lHarrison, of the Khig's English Horse. I was ait tached to the rear guard and as I. was. skirting mthe base of the mountain last night I lost my comrades. When day daowned I thoug'ht they had taken yonder road, so I galloped hithler and into the arms of our dark friends. I had stoplped to take a, stone out of my horse's hoof when they fired at me, and my liorse trotted off with 'my pistols in the holster of the saddle, leaving me to face the pretty odds with my sabre. Truth to tell, I took to my heels. It was a. close scratch," and he laughed heartily. "Your horse passed down here some time ago." "Did he? Well, I hope hlie has met as lucky a, chance as his master. lie will wait for me below if lihe is not e meanwhile picked off by some of your 3\. wild -gentry." Then they were silent for a feav minutes as lie finished the milk, and the girl continued gazing' at him with n the same rapt expression. a "You are a soldier, Harrison," she a said, "and have seen many countri.es. e I never was out of our lands here. Tell me something of 'the great places over the sea. I will ,show you down before the sun sets." The trooper smiled as he watched the dark tender face lthat looked up to d him in innocent expectation. h, "By the hlood, lass," said he, "I S, have seen a good deal in my day, but never have I seen a snobler face." 'All the recklessness and swaggering gaiety of his calling ,had come back. He sat perfectly at ease and told her wonderful stories of his adventures. He had fought in Flanders and France; lie had served lharles and James; lie had been a soldier of for tune in the earlier campaigns of the Prince of Orange, now his 'Majesty; he had even seen the Grand King at Paris. He described the Court life at Whitehall, where he had done duty; the great ladies-the Princess Anne and Sarah Churchill; the routs, the levees, the playhouses, the dashing gallants who fought in the streets. She listened, watching him with the most wondering attention. She had never spoken to a man like him be fore, nor dreamt of the mairvels he was describing. As she looked at him while he rose and walked up .and down the floor with the perfect stride of a military man, with his ringing spurs and clanking sword, his scarlet: cost and gold-laced hat, he. seemed the ideal of all that was splendid in man hood, and in spite of herself ,she found her love withdrawing-its allegi ance from Thige Ogue O'Driscoll and going out to the red trooper. "Come," she. said at length, when he had concluded, "we will'have to go. I fear some of the O'Driscoll's men may steal round. I will accompany you down. the passes lest harm befall, and see you safely on the flat road". "Is it a great way down?" he asked. "It will be three of the Irish miles before'you are out of danger." "Plague on it! That is a goodly marchll for you, lass." The girl laughed. "I &vbe; run twice that length with out stopping to breathe," she said, "bearing news of. Shanus's army to Thige Ogue." They set out along the'promontory, and some distance beneath crossed the torrent by the stepping stones, she leading the way. Then she moved back and walked slowly by the trooper's side. He' talked sometimes in a low voice sweeter than the song of the linnet; she blnshed at imle new things he told her of he; own beauty, and she sav a light in his blue eyes that she 'hajd never seen in mortal face before. The way was shorter and the mountain path had got smoother, she thought. "Stay, Harrison,' she said suddinl'y, "Look! thle horse. " There the animal stood grazing quietly by the roadside. "You are safe now," said she. '"See! the road is stra.ight and clear alongby the side oif the ljog. It "is nbt very I steep." And then she looked up. tenrfully into his face. "Will I ever see you again, Hlarri-' son?" she asked. "Yon will sec me again; dear.lass," lhe answered: "Remember youl saved my life. I will come back for yol I after the battle.": .r y, : l"Wien"' will that' be?"' "Three or four days or a week." "How will I know where to meet you?" she said:''; *' :.' " "Tmhe day ybui see the'big' smoke off there," he replied, pointing to thie west, 4'and hear the 0thunder of the henavy guns. that night I will be here." "Yes, yes," she said e'gerly. "You will meet me here at the White Rock," directing his attention to an enormous lboulder of limnestone that stood near. "You will know it by the pine grove opposite and thie deep lake belyond thaft we c?ll the Poul-a-Phooka." "I will be here," said he, "if, I am killed my ghost will be here. Ili life or death, Mone, I will take you." Calling his horse he vaulted into tlte saddle. Then drawing his sabre he kissed. the hilt as an oath in testimony of his promise and gallantly waving the red trooper galloped away. (To be continued in our next.) 