BRIEF MENTION I [Br "PHIZ."] I Invitation to pay Income Duty within OU days, received-without thanks. Were Government half so smart in doing its duty to the public as in raking in the shekels of the public, what a splendid Government New.South Wales would have, to be sure. A perfectly splendid Post-offlcedepartment, for instance, eh ? People somehow do not appear to be enamoured of Postal administration under Mr. " Joe " Cook. How is this ? ? . . Zola, Dreyfus, "Down with the Jews !" Liberty, fraternity, equality. Fire/a France! A Berlin. ? ? I Atmospheric gas. i Paris is not the only place on the globe that suffers from the before-named calamity j"u6t now. Some of the Sydney elect have che complaint (the atmospheric; gas com- plaint) rather badly at present moment. Federal Convention reached out wildly for our Rivers, and now trying desperately to grab our Railways. Pretty farce the whole business, is it not ? How beautifully, even after a lapse of nearly 1000 years, the parables of the New Testament come . out. The parable of the man who fell among thieves is, so to speak, reproduced in the Federal Convention. Only there is no good Samaritan. . It was only when the Convention came to the discussion of the Public Debts of the States that the delegates displayed any real enthusiasm and generosity, Viccoriu, for instance, will give away her debt without a murmur. Speaking generally, there is a good deal of Yorkshire about Victoria ; She never gives away what she wants herself.. Bubonic plague in Bombay appears to be decreasing in virulence. Excursionists from the country rolling into Sydney for the final test match. As a consequence, the young man who is going to Coolgardie and wants change of a £10 note for a few moments is very much ia evidence. As also is the unsophisticated countryman who lends the young man going to Cool- gardie a few pounds for a few moments, which'turns into eternity, Lord Brassey's yacht; the Sunbeam, haB. been rammed on shore'again ! There, are people who say poor Brassey will yet be' the " Ruler of the Queen's Navee." , . Well, ne has certainly "polished up the handle of the big front door," and written some perfectly splendid maritime articles for the English magazines abd reviews. Hunter-street is perfectly delighted with the prospect of New South Wales becoming Germanized. Sydney newspapers - are, in a timid apologetic manner, suggesting that the Sydney superior male person might be moro healthy and happy this'torrid weather were he to dress rationally instead of like a peculiarly dangerous variety of lunatic. The person in question', speaking generally,' copies in his attire as1 nearly as possible, the London city man during the depth of [winter. ?? ? One cannot; however; see that the Sydney "gentleman" can possibly abrogate the long broadcloth coat and stove-pipe hat of commerce. If he did not wear these distinguishing and distinguished clothes, how on earth would the- common people know he was a gentle- man? \- Witnesses of 1 various qualities who gave evidence in favour Of Zola, have been punished. Poor France 1 Zola has appealed against the sentence passed upon him by un intimidated court. It is alleged in England that horacio acid has been used to preserve, certain Victorian butters, and. a, criminal charge haB been made by the Glamorgan County Council against the alleged vendors. The Victorian Official Agent has arranged to defend the actions. -, .'? .i : I It is ' affirmed . that the U.S. warship " Maine " was blown up by a torpedo or submarine mine; ' If this be so, it will probably be America and Spain V to the. finish." . Adios, Spnin'I Young (N.S.W.) experienced a slight and[ a smart shock of earthquake on Tuesday and Thursday respectively.,.- A. ,vigorous quake would do. the Government of that province no harm. ' - ., ' ,-. ? Sydney Smith is. carry lng onth'e Govern- ment of N.S. Wales vice Brunker, gone to the Federal Convention. ' ' Vote of confidence (410 to 41) carried in favour,of French Government. ;. ¡ : Labouchere, editor of London Truth, and alleged Radical crank, moved in the British Commons reduction of vote foi'West African (Niger territory) "votei . He was defeated 234 votes to 27.' '.'.'',.''.'.. .......,..' Quietude in the burglary business in Sydney. ,v, . Major IiUgard, the man ..who, some time ago superintended the massacre in .West Africa of Catholic' (nigger) converts by Protestant (nigger) converts, has returned with a British force to the scene of his missionary labours. . Reid assured the Federal Convention that he, and not R. E. O'Connor, was the jokist par excellence of New South Wales. " Why, O'Connor never made a joke in bis life," said the ' funny Privy Councillor with some asperity. Did Reid ever make a real joke ? A British expedition is.to be sent to tho Antartic regions, with a captive balloon. Meanwhile, the balloon sent to : the-Arctic regions long since seems to have slipped- out of memory. ? -Queensland has ordered , four maxim guns and 5000 Murtini-Enfield's. Contem- plates the conquest of China " on her own," possibly. M'Laren, wonderful to relate, won the toss (fifth .and final test match) from , Trott. Englishmen went in and made a fine start. Queer, bold, bad, awkward lie going about Sydney in which Ranji, a big swindler, a small jockey, and un . indifferent sized race horse are all mixed in inextricable ponfusion. Sick old univeracity I The Premier rushed back (on Saturday) from Melbourne to Sydney, and was duly interviewed by a Star man. Principal item of news was that he (Reid).was delighted with the verdant appearance of N.S. Wales. The greenness of this province must bo delightful to George I Mr. Justice Simpson has stated in the Divorce Court his intention of keeping down; the coats of petitioning husbands, who now have to pay not only their own costs, but. those of their erring wives. ' Great and natural indignation. among the legal pro- fession. It is really preposterous to suppose that laymen were not specially created,to feed lawyers I , Lord Hampden (with bored expression), and suite attending fifth and final cricket match. ' After all, we are most of us more than a little bored with cricket just now. , We shall recover, no doubt, but we want a rest from Ranji and the rest. " Colonel " Lassetter is going into politics, Happy politics. ',;.' Colonel " Laesetter, the soft and hard goods herb, thinks we might rake in £200 or á^00 éâch year for heavy weight hunters in England. ..No'.doubt 1 But where are the roomy, speedy mares to foal such hunters to cóme from? I nm'perfectly certain, and know something about the matter, that there are fortunes in horse-breeding for England to be made-if only the matter is gone about in the right way. But-the right way-ah 1 that is the secret I Poor old Tasmania still blazing with bush fires; Old hands say the ghosts of the Tasmanian aborigines light these conflag- rations. Perhaps t Big fire at Auckland (N.Z.) Auckland hasn't had a satisfactory fire for years 1 TUB BOOTH QUARREL.-General Booth and Commander Ballington Booth, of the American Volunteers, met recently, and had a brief interview in the presence of the Rev. Dr. Strong and the Rev. Dr. Hall. Although the meeting was marked by manifestations of - affection on the part both of father and son, no agreement was arrived at ns ? to an amalgamation of the Salvation Army and the Volunteers. - It was, however,' - decided- that all public controversy between the two organisations i should be ended arfar aa,possible. 