A GHOST STOIiY. By David C. Stewart. "Patt "Rtv-pp at»cc I In my very early days (over 00 years ago) my life was spent in the midst of abounding superstition, and I was oftentimes made to see ghosts vrhere there were none. At last an. experience crucified more than half of the existing phantoms and brought res! to my troubled mind. The place was in Greenock, Renfrewshire. The house we lived in was one of. those old fashioned doable houses, a small one and a larger. My father and mother lived in the smaller house. The larger one was occupied by an old soldier (an invalid) and his maiden sister—the. same who .built the "Mariners' Asylum at* the west end of -Greenock. - The old soldier was cared for under the direction oi'his sister by-a man who wasbelieted to be a professional nurse. When the old soldier died suddenly it was quietly whispered that there was a mystery attending the death, and that the professional nurse (who was remem bered in the wili) could reveal a tale which would send him as high as Haman. The larger house .thus became empty, and con tinued so for a long time. My father having charge of the house so long as it was empty, availed himself of the use of one of the rooms upstairs, and laid out various kinds of apples and pears to ripen. One lonely dark night mother '.sat by the cradle in the kitchen waiting the return my father, who had undertaken some special work, and wa3 out that night until twelve o'clock. The clock kept harmony with my mother's knitting. The very quietness began to make her feel eerie, and.she eagerly sought to catch the sounds of the long-wished-for re turning footsteps. In the midst of the still ness mother thought she heard a sound, and listening, made out 3 tap," tap, tap at irregular intervals, coining from some part of the big house. She began to wish father was home. •The irregular tapping continued. Plucking up a little courage, mother rose and stepped towards a. door that communicated with a larger house- She opened it, but for what purpose she could not very well explain after wards. Then, however, concluding that "dis cretion was the better part of valor," she locked the door and returned to her seat" by the cradle. - ' It was Dear twelve o'clock when she heard father's footstep.1?. He was not long in the house when mother confronted him with the statement that the old soldier's ghost was-in the big house that night. After a corapre-* hensible explanation father lighted a candle, took a siiek in his.hand, and followed by a' daring scotch.terrier,- he passed through the .door mother had locked- and . .proceeded' to search the- house. He- went upstairs and through every room. He searched even to one eld room in the garret where were stowed away - old mementoes of the wars— old coats of mail, old helmets, old swords, end such things as might belong to an old soldier—but nowhere could he find a body, « shadow, or any- cause adequate to produce the effect described by mother. . Be then descended the stair with his candle, the ter rier following him. At the foot of the stair was a square hall, froiVi which the'other rooms were entered. These rooms were searched with 'a like result. From this hall access was also had to the kitchen in which Was the door of entry. To accomplish this there were three steps from the square hall referred to. When my father had reached the bottom of the three stops he noticed something lyinj on the floor in a somer. Stooping down he lilted the something. It proved to be a large pear, and it presented to my father's mind a solution of the whole mystery. As I have said, my father had used of the empty rooms upstairs to .113- outsome fruit to ripen. A ra: had found its way up stairs, and going into the fruit room, selected a pear and made off for his abiding place at the door of the kitchen. In coming to die h^-ad of the stair the pear slipped iro'.n his mouth and dropped, probably one- or two j steps running, producing the tap-tap re ferred to. Sometimes the pear would stop rolling, when the thief would again pick it up Viith a similar result, the pear dropping from hi.'; Leeth. This continued until the three steps were reached, when the three taps were made remembered bv my mother. The pil fering rodc-nt made a last c-ffort .".lid get the pear to the hole, which was too small to admit it. That hole was stopped up and the old soldier's ghost vanished. Had an inves tigation and discovery not been made this story would have been added to the long list o! Kupc-rm:tur«'ils. -ticoft'.m An'X'nnn.n. 