Iiocal and General. An OriNioN of Norseman.—The writer | of" Mining and Finance " in tJio Adelaide i " Critic " says :—Iu the course of a chat! w,th a mining man whose opinion counts for J a good deal in this country, I was surprised 1 to hear that the Norseman is to be the, tecoud best field in the'country. He did not fix a period when this would be proved and generally admitted, but he is absolutely confident, and talks Norseman just as other people do the Boulder. He pointed out that the pegging there has been done the wrong way. All the reefs dip strongly from 6urface to theeast, and he claims that peg ging should he across, and not along the line, to get the ore bodies at deep levels. This is, however, expert opinion, on which I do wot propose to comment. "With the opening of the railway, the building of which may be commenced this year, Norseman will be connected with Coolgardie and Kal \-- g.Kjrlie, and the communication—not an £vi! one—may lead to the introduction of tiew blood and newer methods, and some money. And with these to assist in develop in 'it, the southern field will surely be heard irum to a good report." 1 The Gold Yield.- The gold exported from the colony dining August amounted to SO,395oz, valued at £339,702. On only one ot jer occasion l.ar2 these figures been iJeaten, namely in January last, when 3,39,)oz, \nlucd at £354^902 were exported. Norseman last month contributed 3,045oz. against 3,lG3oz. for July. The deficiency. was due to the small number of incidental crushiugs put through, as the three big pro ucing mines well maintained their averages. Tins month the amount is certain to be in creased as the additions to the batteries of I the Lady Mary and Princess Royal will be at work, besides which the Break o' Day has started crushing with five head of stamps. In another week the Day Dawn will also enter the ranks of the regular pro duccrs. The output for the month should therefore advance greatly, although, pos sibly, the Government figures, which only take in gold exported, will not show it. Aorseman, however, will receive credit for -the increase in October. The total amount of gold sent away from the colony for the eight months of the present year has reached G37,OG7oz., of au estimated value of £2,420,860. In 1897 the quantity exported was G74,9S9oz., and in 1S9S," 281,265oz. Com Bequently the two-thirds of the present year which have gone by are only 37,922oz. short of the^ exportations for the whole of 1897, and 35j,802oz. in excess of the total of 1S9Q. The month just closed shows an increase of I2,4I4oz. on the export for the previous | month (July), while the returns for August, | 1897, vere 24,2G0oz. short of August this | year. | The. Hospital.-The. ordinary meeting of the Hospital Committee was held in the secretary's room on Thursday. After the usual routine business had been concluded, the president, Mr. Thos. Tregoweth, handed in his resignation, the step being due to his departure from the district. Mr. Frear 60ii, in proposing that the resignation be accepted, expressed regret that unavoidable circumstances had compelled the president to retire from their ranks. Mr. Tregowetli was the first chairman of the Hospital Board, and had rendered good service to the institution from its inception. Many other members of the committee and some of the officials also spoke in high terms of the president's endeavors, and a special minute was placed upon the books record ing the appreciation expressed. Mr. Tregoweth, in acknowledging the compli ment, referred to the fact that the hospital was now one of the best oil the goldficids, and said that in his opinion there was no doubt the present management would preserve the high standard already attained. He sincerely regretted the necessity for severing his connection with the institution, and expressed hearty sympathy with the aims the hospital had in view. Mr. Frearson was appointed president aud Mr. W. S. Mattinson vice-president. Land Sale.—One of the most important sales of laud held in Norseman took place yesterday, when Mr. Peace, on behalf of the Govcrnmei t, submitted 28 town lots. The sale was held in the Warden's Court before a large and representative gathering of resi denLs and a sprinkling of visitors, and should result in the erection of a consider able number of new buildings. One grati fying feature was the number of purchases ' by residents desirous of building and settling down on their lots After a few preliminary remarks from Mr. Peace, bear ing upon the permanency of the fields and the prospects of a railway he wielded the hammer to such purpose as to dispose of the 28 lots for a total of £828, or an average of about £30 10s. per lot. ° The Ex-Mayor of Norseman.—In the Adelaide Banco Court last week, C G Bennett- Leigh, who for five years up to 1893 was articled to a firm of Victorian solicitors, and latterly was at Norseman, applied for admission to the bar. It was contended that ins Victorian qualifications were not equal to those obtaining in South Australia. Even if they were, it was doubtful whether he could be admitted, :ls there was 110 reciprocity between Victoria and South Australia, The court ordered the applicant to apply for admission after passing a certain examination. Valedictory. Mr. Thomas Tregoweth, the retiring manager of (he Royal Dane ami Norseman Reward mines, will he enter tained at a social prior to Iris departure from the district for a holiday. Tile function Will take place next Tuesday night at Dreyer's Hall, when Warden Hicks will take the chair. It is not intended to make the occasion formal, and all friends of the guest are invited to put in an appearance Mr. Tregoweth has now been in Norseman I for about three years, and during that time he has identified himself with life in the town, and it is hoped that his absence from Ivorseman will not be permanent. Snakes. Although it is unusuallv early in the season for snakes to he peregrinating throughout the domiciles of the town. Mr I- F. Dreyer, of the Commercial Hotel, was the recipient of a visit from one of these , unwelcome reptiles on Thursday last. It appears that Mr. Dreyer's groom was in the | act of removing some chaff when he noticed a snake coiled up under the superflous chaff | tying around. He fortunately speedily | dispatched the reptile when it was making its headway in the direction of the kitchen. The snake was of the most venomous dc» j cription and measured 3ft Gin. Business Enterprise.—Mr. C. E. Grif fiths, with commendable enterprise, has let a contract for the erection of a large and up-to-date shop front to his premises in Roberts-street. Owing to the growth of business an extension of his premises is necessary, and the alterations to he made promise to add greatly to the appearance of the street. Messrs. Kent & Co., of Prinsep- street, were the successful tenderers. Tim Electoral Boll. -Mr. Dawson, B'e Registrar, this week received copies of the Annual Electoral Roll for Duudas. 1 here are 571 names on the list, all of whom are entitled to vote at any election for the Legislative Assembly during the year ending July l next. Copies of the roll may be obtained at the Registrar's office. Murder and Cannibalism.—Another Bt-ory of a ship's crew being massacred was brought to Sydney by the steamer Moresby from New Guinea ports. About a month ago the cutter Sea Ghost was despatched on a trading cruise to the Solomon group, under command of Capt. Colohorn. Near the island if Vusa, near Bogaiuville, the natives clambered aboard in large numbers. The captain was butchered, and four of the native crew, after a desperate fight, were overcome. The other two were taken prisoners, but escaped. The Sea Ghost was rub ashore, looted and destroyed. The remains of the murdered men were taken to a village and consumed at a cannibalistic feast. The German w arship Falkc proceeds to the island to punish the perpetrators of the outrage. Methodist Church.—The services at the Methodist Church to morrow w ill be con ducted as follows :— 11 a.m., Mr. James Barclay; 3 p.m., Sunday School; 7 p.m., Rev. J. E. Stone There will be services at the Lauy Mary at 11 a.m., and Princess Royal at 3 p.m., conducted by Rev. J. E. Stone. Anglican Church.—Services will be held to morrow in the Royal Hall, conducted by the Jicv. Alfred Burton, of Esperanee : — Morning Prayer, 11 a.m. ; Sunday School, 3 p.m. ; Even Song, 7 p.m. The fourth cycle consultation promoted by Messrs. Kilminster and Edwards will be drawn next Saturday night. The prize has been changed to a Red Bird Special (racer, roadster^Cr lady's). This is £7 10s. better valujj tlian the machine for which the eon su*ition was started. For Sale.—A number of Giffhornv stoves, generally acknowledged to be the strongest and most useful on the fields. Price, £4 15s. each. T. H. Bond, Roberts-street. Exit Esperance —As will be seen through the medium of our advertising columns, the continued ex"odus of population from Esperance is seriously affecting busi ness people. Messrs. Hunt, Corry and Co. recently removed their very extensive stock of drapery from that seaport, and now Mr. W. H. Betts has, owing to continuous slackness of trade, found it necessary to close down, while other firms are looking round for fresh and more profitable fields for their enterprise. Mr. Betts is removing his stock to Norseman for realization at bargain rates.* 