M GIRI. from 1# STATE# i v i .PUBLISHED BY 8EEOIAL ARRANGEMENT. . v J i i ' A TALE OF LOVE AND INTRIGUE, By GORDON STABLES, M.D., C M , R;N., -V-' ' ' ' '' ' Author of " The Rose of Alhmdale," Shadowed for Life," " Stanley Grahamo," "The Cruise of the ! Snowbird,' " "TheLogof a'Qeritleman:Gipsy,";;t ;? . "Gar- Friend the Dog," " Per Money or- For Love,". t -. v ,, <i " Aileen Aroon," Sto., &c.; COPYRIGHT. ' - . , CHAPTER II. — (Continued.) COULD just move my head, and P could see my good mare Joss stnnd- in the moon light not a great dis tance off. I called to her, more with a view to proving that I still retained the .power of speech than anything else.. .Jess came gaily towards me, and Bess lay down and licked my face. I had . two friends at all events, so I did not feel .entirely deserted. I felt dying, nevertheless, Ralph,, and oh, may you never be in such' a situation. »Nofc a sin, I think, that ever I had committed in lifp that did not rise up before me now, 'and oven the most trivial of those looked heavy and black enough to sink a ship. But the greatest grief I had was occasioned by thoughts of my dear mother arid littlo sister that I firmly believed I was gradually gliding away from, never to see again-. AH the grief over I had suffered in life seemed crowded into that : one wgking hour. The very love of my horse, and dog' affected me in the ex treme, and I felt myself to be the greatest criminal on earth. I sank to sleep again, and I thought I was sink ing to the darkness of death. Bess once : more buried me, and tho sun was shin ing brightly enough when I awoke, and oh, joy ! I had recovered the UBe of my limbs and faculties, and was able soon after to ride happily and thankfully homewards. There really seemed a littlo hysteria in Boss's joyful bark as she pranced around my good maro's liead.' . " Tho young fanner paused for a moment, and then glanced across the table. 1 Dear old brother Ralph,' he said, with a smile, ' is it any wonder that I love my good mare and that honest dog, or that I avoid the star of cruets.' Ralph lent towards him, and hand met hand in a hearty shake, hut no word was spoken by either. Theirs -was-to. be a lifetime's friendship. Next'day'news 'came to Killycoddles that caused a buzz of delight to all hands,' from the 'meenister' down wards. Hiss Letitia Johnson -had taken on lease the mansion house of Huckle £inmuudic, CHAPTER in. Spbijtg Ankrvjsn— So did Hiss Lemma. Oh, I would feast oh her fair look, An' lavish on her song, Her dark e'e is a holy hook, In which I read nae wrong. DT was univer sally ad- mi tted t h at Huckle Kinmim- dio was the finest gentle- man's soatany- wh or e within ten miles of Killycoddles, - but for some yonrs it had to some considerable ex tent fallen into decay. A portion of it ' had, for the matter of that, been a ruin for a hundred and. fifty years at least, : oyer since the. fatal 1746. The. old | laird—a true-hearted Gordon— had been 'out' that year, and the castle was burned by Geordio's brutal soldiery before the batjlo of Culloden. His son, however, was pardoned, and the place restored to the family, who, instead of -regenerating thQ ruin, .built a beautiful house close to it, and both wero on an eminence or hillj surrounded by green woods, and affording glimpses \- of fbe iiaost", charming scenery anyone would wish to look. upon. Captain'; Donald -Grant, ' the present- owner, 'was a retired service man (Royal Nav'jc),v-ahd they said he had run through oceans of money at Monte Carlo, so that he had to sell some of his land, > and was:preoious glad when Hiss Letitia Johnson took the mansion house eff his hands en; a three years' lease. . Long > before Miss Letty, as she afterwards came to. bo oalled, arrived at Killycoddles, speculation oohoerningher -was very rife indeed, Her agent in ad vance, a tall, lean and sallow Yankee, who, .notwithstanding his breedj did not talk through his nose, often put in an 'appearanco at the village hostelry of an . evening, andeondesconded todrinkall the _ ,« whisky toddies' that the shopkeepers .and trridesmeii of Killycoddles placed at this disposal. : ; " Saudie M'Flail, the innkeeper, theie- iforo drove a roaring trade. all throughput (the winter months, and' until- .opening' spring returned 'to . the bonnie banks : of |Don .with its. birds, ' arid buds; tod "wild Iflowers.; v' !, Hudson , was right loyal to' his jmistress. -During tlje first, pari; of tho evening ho assumed a strict reserve, hut l.aB he' got uiore mellow he hesitated not jito Bing Miss.-'Eetty's praises, . ner- to innswer Questions— after his 6wn''fashion. . Tho cigars ! he smoked were nearly as thick as "an' ordinary-sized flower-pot, .and much tho sarnie colour. 'Beautiful?. .' Wm that what you j.esied,-; gentlemen;? - 'Well, t you know 1 . . : beauty is a matter of taste. I think ber beautiful, and I have known hqr since she was the height of my knee, and I'm not very old.' ' ' v ' ' Oh, no, Mr. Hudson,' said somobodv ; ; ' you're no old.'- ' So she can't be. Eli ? .- Ha, ha, ha. . YeB, tbauks, Mr. M'Elail, just one more to please my friend M'ftae, though your whisky is strong I guess there, ain't a headache in a hogshead of it. No need of a shoehorn to put orie'ri hat.on a morning.. after, . Power to your elbow, Mi\ M'R'ae. 'Well, Mr. Stoneybyres, you-put a pretty- straight question ; but, . mind you this, sir, it won't do for me, the lady's agent, to speak about her poverty, or her wealth. She has juBt a- plum. or two, anyhow, left by ber dear dead father, and she was the only daughter. Oh, no, not rich by any means. That is, you know, as we '-Merioans translate the word.' At this part of tbe conversation old Farmer Donbledyke nodded to Mr. Clorty, tbe grocer, over his tumbler, and Clorty nodded and smiled in re turn. 'Miss Letty is a double-millionaire,' he took occasion to whisper, ' if she owns a penny:' ' Miss Letty,' said Hudson, late one evening, ' is fond of quiet country life, that is, and a bit of shooting and fish ing; and that is why slie is coming here. But nobody is going to bo tbe woi'bc for Miss Letty. We're true republicans, we are ; and all the money Miss Letty can spend won't go out of the village of Killycoddles so long's the tradespeople serve her right.' Mr'. Clorty, the grocer— whoso shop, by the way, was tbe biggest emporium in tbe place, and who was, or pretended to be, a kind of miniature Whitcley — seemed inspired now.. Ho must rise to givo a toast, and everybody cried ' Hear, hear, for Clorty !' The grocer held his glass aloft as he spoke. 'Ho (Mr. Clorty) had never yet clapped eyes on Miss Letitia Johnson, hut he would wager his last one-pound note that the lady was not only young and beautiful, but virtuous into tho bargain. They had known Mr. Hudson now for a fow- months. He was a gentleman, and spent his money like a -man and a brother, as all citizens of the greatest republic under the sun were known to do. The Killycoddlians would accord the young and lovely American lady a hearty welcome, just as they- bad from tho first held out the right hand of1 fellowship to Mr. Hudson, whose name' he now desired to. couple with that of Miss Letitia Johnson, and he felt sure all would join him in a toast wishing her long life, health, and happiness.' The Killycoddlians there assembled rose en masse, and it was some time before the excitement subsided. But after this the innkeeper— the said Sandy M'Flail — insisted on standing dock-an- durris (the stirrup-oup or drink ,at the door) to all hands. Well, so far as the distribution of trade was concerned,' it must be con fessed that Mr. Hudson was most fair and generous.- Though waggon-loads of furniture came from the far-off city of Aberdeen, nevertheless Killycoddles was called in to do repairs of every kind. Killycoddles put down tbe carpets ; Killycoddles repapercd walls and painted the ceilings ; and Killycoddles did the carpentering and it gses without say ing that Killycoddles was engaged to do tho gardening, . for 'it is widely known that Scotsmen carry tho bell in this profession throughout the world. Spring returned at last. Those who had private curling ponds in or around Killycoddles re-converted them into tennis lawns, the banks 'around forming delightful Beats on which old folkB " could sit on sunny days and witness the y.ounger people playing. ; The woods and forests were once more ! green ; in many of these larch trees, .tall, and lovely, grew abundantly, and their light _ feathery tassels contrasted prettily against the dark blooms of the : Scottish firs. . More thim once before winter had lost hold of the far off hills, the river had come down in brown and roaring spate, but now it rippled and -sparkled -in the. sunshine, and its low monotonous notes made a kind of double bass to the songs of the wild birds and the whisper of ; westerly winds in .tho foliage. A favourite song at Killycoddles at this.sweet season— and! do not blame them for- - loving -it — is ' Gloomy 1 'Winter.'. ; V.'Y1 Gloomy winter's nao awa', : Baft the wastlin' breezes blaw, i i 'Hang the .birks o' Stanley shaw- The maris sings fu' cheeris.O. . Swcot the eraw-ffoweria early bell, Deoka Glenliffer's dewy dell > ' , Blooming like thy bonnie eel' . . -My ain, my artless dearie, 0;V. . / ; ,-Miss Letitia arrived at the begirinirig of spring. . It is not going a step too far to' state that like Cesar of old, she came,. 6ho 'saw, she conquered. Took all hearts , by storm one . might soy. Her 'beauty soon became the theme of all the .young fellows within a dozen miles of Killycoddles,' and her - jewellery and 'dresses the admiration, net to say envy, 1 of' - every young lady. ' How humblo, not to say dowdy, did some of these latter look, in the beautifully- lighted drawing-roam of Muekle Kin- mundie, compared with the mistress and young queon of the old feudal castle. They seemed to feel it, toe, and it made them triste and sad, albeit Miss Letty sidled in and eut amongst them, apparently unconscious even of the sensation she created. She whs. con descending to the younger, hut pleasant to all. She was a. beautiful talker, -though too polite eyea to break is upon . .. .. ... . . ... / -. a conversation, and voryfar from shy. If. asked to sing or play; and she could do both,, sho never hesitated a moment. Arid yot there was a something about Lotty that did not commaud the love of ladies who had themsolvos been stars of the first' magnitude beforo her arrival. . For she seemed to draw these out ' ns it were, and- frequently not to their advantage, especially -if gentlemen, their quondam admirers, wero present. - ;Tlie country lairds in . and" ' abound ; Killycoddles, had of course given their daughters ail the .education that tho best of governesses could supply, and some bf these had been away and were ' supposed -to be possessed of vast erudi tion, knowledge of musioians and thoir inusio, authors' and their works, poots and their poetry, to say nothing of a knowledge of French and German. It was provoking, therefore, if Letty, is sho sometimes did, rattled off a few sentences in French, and then said, '0, do correct ine, Miss Gray; wo . Americans talk such 'awful French !' Miss Gray or Miss Green would blush a little and feel awkward and angry. For : blushing had not yet gone out of fashion in Killycoddleian society. ' Of course, Miss Struthors '-r-this with Miss Letty's most artless smile — ' you know that pretty thing of .Bach's " Tra-la-lalla-la-la." It would bo quito the rage when you were a child, and I dearly like to rummage among old books and unearth the tit-bits of long-for gotten melodies.' Men would look at Miss Strutbers, and then at Miss Letty; and the former did not liko it. But over their cigars, sometimes, men would talk. Now all men love beauty, but men lovo youth as well, and while no one could dony that Lotty was magnificent, there were one or two rudo enough or bold enough to doubt whothov the Star, as they oalled her, were really so very young as she looked. . ' Those American girls make up so,' said one. ' Seen the gold in her tooth !' said another. 'Shows, anyhow,' said a third, 'that they are not false.'' 'Nonsense, Mae,' this from tho first ' speaker; ' you haven't been so long iri the States as I have.' ' ' 'Veil?' Veil, only this — a girl or woman who wears -false teeth out there, ofton has a tiny bit of gold put in one, just - where it can be seen, and if you were to ' compliment ber on the beauty of her dental formation, she wonld not hesi tate to make some such remark as : "How you m'on folks flatter. But really, I fear my teeth are going. -I've had to havo two little holes stopped already. Do you think it is'the.iocd water ? " ' ' You may he right,' answered Mac, ' nevertheless, Letty is fearfully fasci nating, and if she has gold in her teeth, mind you this, she has gold in her coffers, too.' ' I wonder what she really did come to this heather land for ? ' ventured the speaker. ' Disappointed in love, perhaps?' ' Oh, man, Mac, such a thing as lovo . is all but unknown in the States. Lovo in tho great republic is a mero fossil and seldom dug up. No, sho wants to draw a lord, or a bavonet at least. You haven't tbe ghost of a chance, Mao, though you do come of ah old Highland stock. Now our Sir Robert Clay,, who was playing billiards with ' hor last night, is seventy if a day. He is a tottering ruin, so to speak, drosses like an antediluvian, his white hair is nt least nine inches long, and he — sdu££s. But Letty seems to doat upon :.hiw. .She told me, in confidence, mind yciu, that the dearly loved an old man.' Mac sighed. His companion laughed. 'Better go abroad a hit, Mao,' ho continued, '"and I'll lay you five to one she gaffs the old baronet before three months are over, and returns to America as Lady Clay.' Mac said nothing. He simply laid .down his eigar and lit his pipe. . About the . best thing he could havo done'.. ' For all that, there was not a man there who knew anything concerning the inmost depths .of Letitia Johnson's heart, nor hor intentions either. Spring gradually merged into summor, and Letty was still the reigning belle and favourite. The story of her beauty, her accomplishments, and vast wealth wbb bruited abroad far and near and, strangely enough, Killycoddle bid fair to. become; a fashionable Donside health : resort. Several handsome, but impe cunious, bachelors had taken apart- ; ments in the village or ite vicinity, lured thither, they said, by ' the beauty of the scenery, the uzonic . breath of the pine woods, and health- giving wators of a newly-discovered spring er well.' Tho -words within inverted commas are those of the district doctor, who had . just pubr lished a guide to Killycoddles. Mr. - Hudson, I rather think; . had - something to dri with-' the publishing and distribution of that pamphlet. . However, it gave Killycoddles a lift and the doctor, too. ; ' - -j . Letitia was always called Miss Letty now. Her carriage, with its india- rubber tires; was one of tho smartest things, ever ' seen; its.' coachman arid . . flunkey were hotti, English; arid it is paid that.i-'.the lining- of -the . landau 'was , chriuged almost every day to match the 'drtoB.that.Letty.wpro, ;. .. SKe drove 'herself, too, a pretty little dogourt and a pair . of ; oream-coloured ponies; It -was a dainty sight- to see the _ fragile . form of . the American . millionaire perched on -the little box- seat, rind trier 'way . she handled -the 'ribbons and toyed with tho.pretty whip; \- And Mr. Hudson was ever' "and! :,always' Letty's chief adviser, 'and' ao? . countant as well. In fact, to .talk American,' Mr, ' Hudson wos': running Miss Letitia. ' " l . " ." !" But Sir Robert Clay ., appeared .-to he the-chief favourite, even when summer was at its height, arid ' although his plaoewas liko himself Roniewbat of a "ruin, and he not 'over rich; ' the garden parties ho gavri— solely I ' aia "sure oh her account— were ' the ' talk of- the parish. < . ! , If Letty did not actually 'gaff' thb baronet she managed to play him', most prettily, and it was 'noticed'msreover that in two months' time, he seemed to have grown ten years voungotv ' The old fool !' . " ' . Tlpt was what Mao called him; The "old fool ' hold a good hand; any how, and could afford to -.-.laugh -at younger men. ' ' Jao M QONTUtPBS. ' ' ' 