CHAPTER XXIII I.-THE E1ETRN OF. THISFlIENDS. "There · ns muchnn'axiety felt at Bar rier Post at the continued absence of Cody and the' Surgeon Scout, who had gone to look the chief of scouts up. The winter, eter.sariable In that re gion, was coming on early,and threaten ed to be very cold and severe. Its dan gers would be added to those of red skins and outlaws all at the fort knew, and the dread was that the two pards would get snowed in. The scouts were getting anxious for their chief,and the one in charge of them in Cody's absence was urging the colonel to allow him to go out with a dozen men In search of -Cody and the Surgeon Scout, it being found that the two men had not met.: Dut3just as the colonel iave permis sion there-swept down upon the fort a blinding blizzard, and all knew that they must await for it to blow over ere they departed, on the trail of rescue. In the midk of the blizzard, when the sentinels were now, shielding themsel ves from Its fury, there rode up to the stockade gate two horsemen, muffled in blankets, and leading a pack-horse. At first the sentinel supposed they were red-skins, driven to shelter by the blizzard, but a stern voice commanded: "Open the gate, sentinel; I am Sur geon Powell." . At once- the gate was thrown open, and the two 'blanket-enveloped forms rode directly?to headqitarters, where their horses were given in charge of P soldier,, while' they- entered the warm room in which sat Colonel Ferris. "Powell arid.Cody!. Heaven knows I ram'glad to see.you! But you are half frozen;" and the colonel ordered hot drinks'~-immediately, and easy-chairs were draw~n up for the two pards before the fire, upd6 which several logs were piled. I "So you fond- Cody, doctor?" "Yes, Colotibl-or. rather, no, sir, for he found me,'' ?? "We were iipoct anxious about you both, and but for this storm a party would have been sent for you." "Yes, coloneq; and in spite of the storm we musu go out In it again, sir, if we wish to a omplish a great good." "It would hib madness." "Oh, no, sil`; for Cody knows the trail well, and his men are hardy . fellows, and picked ?lilero'will also bh to e o 0., We toul have stayed in the pine thickets, well eltered, until the storm was over, sir, only knew how impor tant itlwas fo tais to come in and start back With a- ae, and we can make a good camp;lc ght where we spent last night, a, ft our fire burning for our return.'. "?ut, Pow? chat is it that calls for this risk?" 1e "Cody wily.e you, sir, for he knows more about , an I do." "Go ahead,', y, and let me hear all;" and the colo , turned to Cody, who quickly told'l story of his long trail, the finding c a swinging bridge, the duel upon It, a, hle was guided by tile outlaw's hors to tihe retreat ofthe Mfid nighters, and' hat had followed. When he\~l related his escape, by following the tird guide, and thus come upon Surrge owell, the latter broke .ri-w*?'. , and told of his kiil Ing one of tUe oiosa,,, who had am bu$Je ahiJ5, a d how Cody ha, saved im from t lisoner, adding : "Now, colone, if we push back at once we shall catch the whole gang in their retreat, which we can reach to morrow night, crossing the stream upon the ice, for it will be frozen over by this cold weather, I ant sure." "Yes, Colonel Ferris, we can make a clean sweep of.the Mluidighitrs, and get back to the fort within five or six days," added Cody. The colonel called his orderly and re quested that the adjutant be desired to come at once to l'eadquarters, and also Nick Norcross, Cody's lieutenant of scouts. Then Colonel Ferris asked : "Now, Cody, tell me what you make out of your spectre guide." "I do not knIow, sir." "Did you speak to him?" . "Yes, sir, but got no replies Save a sigl for silence, and a waving of the hands." "He did not speak?" ' ' Only when he reached the stream and saw that it was not frozen solid 'as he had expected, but was full of blocks of ice, and then I heard the words : "'The swift current hias broken the ee.' '" "That was Il!" "Yes, sir." "But he led you across?" "IIe did, sir." "And you saw this ghostly form, too, Surgeon Powell?" "Yes, sir, with Cody in full chase, and I intended to bring down the white horse, and thus capture tile rider, when my prisoner prevented, as I told you, sir'." "This is remarkable, and chimes in with the weird tales told of a wandering spirt seen in the mountains, a ghost on horseback, and the stories of the Haunt ed Fort. For our own credit, we must clear up these weird niysteries.- Ah, here is thea'adutant." :?Nick Norcross, the. scout, followed close on the-heels of the adjutant, and after all had held a consultation of fit teen minutes, It was decided that a dozen scouts and twenty-four cavalry-?oen, under two ollcersa.nd a 'ompanled by Surgeon Powell and Cody, should start for the outlaw retreat. An hour after,- two- score horsemen, muffled head.and body, rode out of the post with half a dozen pack-horses, fac ing the terrible blizzard, to run down the lawless band of Midnighters. 