Machinery and Life. Wisely or unwisely, our Church stands out to the front as a past master in the art of preparing statistics. Nearly every Conference some good brother comes forward with a proposal for a new column in our Circuit or other schedules. We have reduced the whole thing to so perfect a science that we can tell to a nicety how many cogs there are in every wheel of our great Connexional machine. How many bolts, and nuts and cranks and rods and pins. And so, many are com forted and at rest. But the fact is no statistician can tabulate the progress of a living Church. The motive force that moves the machinery can never be reduced to columns of figures. Tou may count a man's bones, but you can not weigh his soul. Tou may measure by the gallon, the water you put into the boiler, but no man may divide into factors the living power of the steam that lies hidden in the cold fluid. The Holy Ghost may never be confined to Conference Returns. Every April the Recorder English devotes three or four Census. page* to a discussion of its March returns of membership. Tbe document is eagerly read ( by thousands, and according as the result chronicled is an increase or a decrease there is joy or sorrow in the camp. And the critics within and without have a busy month of it. Methodism is going to the dogs, or is increasing by leaps and by bounds ac cording to the standpoint of the writer. This present document gives the membership roll of British Methodism at 550,393 and shows an increase of 3041 full members with 32,227 on trial. In the junior section there is an increase of 2789, and in the foreign missionary field a net gain of 1848. Of course, this is no record of the number of Methodists in the Old Country, but simply a state ment of the number meeting in Society Classes. This may be pleasant reading or otherwise according to the point of view from which it is considered. For our part we are satisfied that in no sense does this document describe the spiritual or even the numerical develop ment of our great Church. These statistics are to an outsider misleading, and have furnished many a young High Church cleric with an argument that Methodism is on its last legs. The fact is that Methodism is to- day just pulsating with vigorous spiritual and aggressive force. She was never a stronger protest against wrong doing or wrong thinking. She was never more fearediby evil men in authority in parliamentary or civil life, she never sent forth so many agencies for the saving of the world, she was never so popular amongst her intelligent youth, or the thinking men of her communion. In the erecting of church buildings, in the holy joy of her class rooms, in the gathering in of such as have erred and sinned ; as a protest and a beacon light, as an appeal and a message of hope, she stands high, much higher, to- day than ever before in her remarkable history. Of all this and much more, let our statisticians take careful note. The 20th understand that the Century Committee appointed by Scheme ^as'i Conference to initiate the Century Com memoration Fund is at work, and that a scheme will shortly be prepared as a working basis for the Fund. It is unfortunate that the terms of the appointment of the Committee restrict its operations, so that nothing can be done to give practical effect to its decisions until after next Conference. But this may in the end prove to be no loss. A few months of instruction as to the need and purposes of the Fund may profitably precede its formal inauguration ; but when the Fund iB definitely started, its success will largely depend upon the enthusiasm and promptitude with which it is carried into our leading church ^centres. A long drawn out affair i* predoomed to failure. A movement well prepared and then carried out in the nature of a brave cavalry charge will lead on to victory. We confess to a feeling of ardent sympathy with the views ex pressed by our bright little contem porary, the Wesleyan Methodist Church Record, in reference to the proposed Million Guineas Scheme for British Methodism : ' The whole Church must get up into the high mountain where God is, and must bow in all humility at His feet, and must consecrate itself in childlike faith and simplicity anew to His service. There must be the deepen ing of Christian experience, a heightening of all Christian aims and purposes, and the broadening of the outlook. If, under the blessing of God, our Church in New South Wales could realise this, the Century Commemora tion Fund would be assured of success, but the raising of the amount of money named, would be the least of all the benefits arising therefrom. Would it not be wise of us as a Church, to seek this during the year as a preparation for the great effort of next year ? 