[COPYRIGHT.] DAYS OF DANGER. Thrilling Narratives of the Bushranging Times. -? Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART V. The inquest, indeed, was a formal aftair. Tho convict servant saw that it wna UBOIOSS-quite uaoloaa-saying any thing for himself at that atage, and he remained silent, which was, of course, another evidunce of guilt. Ho was^ at once committed for trial at tho ensiling Launceston Assizos, and evoryono re garded tho wretched man as being aa good as dead. At least, not everyone, for Evan Edwards and Miohael Koanan were con vinced that the man was innocent. Thoy had both been in tho publio-houseon I he night of the murder, and had seen some thing which nt the time did not interest them, but which the subsequent dovelop inonts caused to aaaume importance. They were both in tho aide room off tho bar, and Southey-who was frequently taken from the farm to assist in thu public-house, as his manners woro affable in spite of his wretched condition-ivaB working in the kitchon. Ho was being continually called out, and it was during 0110 of those absences that the friends noticed a tall-very tall man-walk into tho kitchen, pick up something from a table, and leave the room. Tlioy caught a momentary view of the face, tho uppor part of which was hiddon by a largo slouth hat and tho lower by a lionvy beard. It was pliin to Edwards that the follow picked up a knifo, for ho saw the glean of the blade and hoard a slight motallic sound, but Keenan did not, as he was in a different position. Aa the man might have been one of tho servants belougini; to the place they took no further notice of tho incidont, and a few minutes after Constable Williams ontered the room, and, having a glass with them, left, aa ho aaid to go to tho office, Ho waa never seen alivo after that. For a full hour later tho two mon remained, and when thoy went to the bedrooms at tho back, John Southey waa atill at work in the kitchon. Next morning, when the body of Oonstablo William^ was discovered stiff and cold, Edwards and Keenan reniem bored tho occurrence of tho previous night, and they questioned the landlord as to whether ho had auch a peraon as tho man they described in his service. He vowed that he had not, and, in faot, did not know auch a man in the whole district. Ho was aware that tho two Burvey-men wore very friendly to John Southey, and it occurred to him that they were merely trying to divert sua picion from the proper quarter. This idea took strong possession of him, as he did not scruple to speak his mind on tho subject, though not to either Keenan or Edwards. They were both good customers and a little fiery if their honour woro im pugned, so that the landlord, who was a cautious man, was careful to whom ho addressed his insinuations that thoy were trying to soroen Ilia servant. The loas of a boarder like Williams was a severe blow to tho parsimonious landlord, nnd the only consolation he had was the reflection that Sou they would ' swing,'BB he termed it, for the murder. To give tho follow Ilia duo, he really believed that his assigned servant was really guilty of the crime, and ninety-nine persons in every hundred, would bo inclined to agree with him. For several days after the committal the two aurvoyors did all they could to get a clue to the mystorious stranger who had enfefSd the kitchen, but no one in the district seemed to know suoh a pflrsou, and at length they were re luctantly forced to give up the quest. All that lay in their power after that WHS to go to Launceston and give evidence in favour of the accused man, and they determined to do BO. ' Wasn't there something peculiar about that fellow we saw go into the kitchen tho other night which atruck you peculiar-aa if you had seen him before?' asked Edwards a few dayB after the murder. There was,' replied Keenan. 1 It was in the eyes. I'm sure I aaw the fellow aomewhere before, but I.can't recollect where it was. Hold on I Hold on ! I've got it 1' he added in a lower voice. 1 It waB that portrait, you know, which we found by those bones I' 'Of course it was. What an ass I must be not to have recollected that before. There is something in this, Mike. If we had been sharp enough wo could have made £500. The fellow waB no other than Jensen, the murderer, as Blire as you're there. Look at the way he wore his hat-almost down on his 0ye8-and the hair that covered his face. Yeis, we missed a good opportunity. That is tho man who killed Williams, and by some means he found out that the poor devil of a servant and the constable were enemies. What an idea to get the knife 1 Surely they won't hang poor Southey, who is as innocent aByou or I,' exclaimed Edwards with animation. ' What a fool a man would be to leave evidence of his guilt stuck in his victim. That fact alone ought to get Southey his liberty, but I shouldn't be surprised if they hang him. Law isn't justice you know, and you can see how feeling goes about the settlement here. There are a hundred to one against the poor fellow, and it will be the same I'm afraid in the court,' said Keenan. ' Oh, you'll find it will be different there, but if this cut-throat Jensen is about we must be on our guard. Ho would think nothing perhaps of swooping down on our camp if there was plunder. I don't understand-if it was Jensen, and I am convinced it must have been how he keops about the district without being arrested. Ho must be a good deal about, or how oould he learn such news as tho feud between Williams and Southey, and how the latter waB some times employed. Naturally, Jensen would hate Williams, for it was partly or chiefly-through the constable that the fact of the skeleton being WorrnU's and not Jensen's was discovered. Don't you see how he would have cause to rid himself of suoh a dangerous foe. The constable waa on hia tracksri«ht enough, and in time would have hunted him * down. We must see what we can do in the amateur deteotive business, as it may bo the means of saving Southey's neck,' concluded Edwards. In puraunnoe of that resolvo, Walsh, Jones, and Weston wore informed of tho discovery-or supposed discovery-made by Keonan and E hvards, and thoy wore asked to do all they could through thoir friends as woll as thomBolves in finding out such a man as was described. ThiB they oaoh earnestly promisod to do, for likely an innocent human life was hang ing in tho balance with death weighed agninst it, and the discovery mightcause tho beam to fall on tho sidoof innoconce. As tliero was only a fortnight to tho trial tho caso was woll-nigh hopeless, and so it proved, for not a trace or vestige of the mnn which thoy sought could >be found, and Keonan and Edwards had to go to Launcoston. without tho slightest proof that such a being existed. Whon tho trial came on tho court WftB crowded ohiofly with officials and thoir friends, who were anxious to see a convict pillored for daring to raiso_ a sacrilegious arm against a representative of officialdom. Hanging, in tho opinion of n majority of tho audience, was cer tainly too good a fate for such a man, and they regretted tho passing away of tlioso good old times when ' drawinc ' and 'quartering ' could liavo boon added to the sentence. Oneafteranother tho witnessoB testified to the faot that tho knife found in tho body of Constable Williams was tho property of Southey, and that the accused did not deny. Then thore were others u ho swore as to tho threats made by the prisoner iigainsfc tho cloud man, and to tho onmity which existed between them for many months previous to tho crime. No 0110 saw tho aotual deed done, but tho landlord, who was tho bitter<st witness against his servant, stated that there would have been 110 difficulty in Soutlioy stepping out of the house-and slaying Williams as ho went over to his offico. In fact, tho body being found so close to the public house, lie said, seemed to prove that it had been committed by some one who stopped out of the place for tho purpose and could not long re main away without his absence being detected. This was putting a nail in the accused's coffin. In his defence, Southey admitted that he had a grudge against the doad man, and told the reason why, but he solemnly asserted ho was not a midnight assassin. What ho moant by revenge was to engage the constable in a fair fight. Ho asserted that he had not gono outside die house on tho night of the murder, and that someone must have taken his knife out of the kitohen, on which it wns lying on ono of the tableB. He had no idea who that person could bo, but that was the only explanation ho could give. Edwards and Keonan then volunteered to give evidence for the defence, and told tlie judge and jury what tho reader has already been seized of. They wore each subjected to a sevoro cross-examina tion by the crown-prosecutor, and though they did not contradict themselves in any particular, thoir evidence was shorn of all woight by the fact that no ono seemed to know anything of tho man whom the crown lawyer characterised as a ' mythocal personage.' When Edwards contended that the aaaasain was no other than Carl Jensen, the New Norfolk murderer, a roar of laughtor greeted tho statement, but he obstinately adhered to that view, and nothing would shake either him or Keonan in the opinion. It is probable that tho assertion threw a cloud of ridicule over the wholo of their evidence, and the judge in summing up gave that impression. Ho was dead against tho prisonor, and scarcely noticed what had been sworn by Edwards and Keonan, except to show its unreliability. The jury retired, but only for a fow minutes, and returned with a verdict of guilty. Tho sentence was, of oourse, death, and in accordance with his powers the judge ordered that the execution should tako place that day week (16th Septem ber), 011 a gallows erected at tho spot where tho crime was committed. This practice was frequently carried out in the early days, as it was supposed to inspire more terror in the mind of the condemned and also to impress the resi dents with the idea that crime had a Bpeedy retribution. Southey listenod to his doom in silence, and as the judge concluded there was quite an uproar of applause, which was not suppressed until the prisoner was removed The erection of the scaffold at the Mersey settlement was at once begun, and the residents looked forward to the lGlh September ns though an interesting carnival was to take place. The morning of the fatal day broke gloomly enough, and from far and near the people had assembled to witness the execution. At nine o'clock, the time fixed for tho gruesome event, there could not have been less than three hundred persons present, a fair propor tion of them being women. John Southey was confined in the small lock-up and strongly guarded, for there had beon whispers that an attempt at rescue might be made. This had been spread by the public-house-keeper, who was savagely hunting the man to death partly out of sheer malice and partly because he would do a roaring trade on the day of the execution and for some time previously. In the crowd were the members of the Edwards' survey party. They did not attend out of mere morbid curiosity, but because something might turn up at the last moment to show the innocence of the condemnod man. At least, that was the comforting unction they laid to their souls, but they secretly felt that John Southey was practically a dead man. It was most unusual, in fact, unpre cedented, to see such, a crowd at the tiny settlement, and with so many strangers present tho chief interest next to the hanging itself-lay in scan ning the faces which passed and re passed. Some of them were hideouB enough to wairant the belief that their owners_were in their natural element attending at such a ghastly event, whilst others again wore humane and charitable looking enough. Though the day was fine, a strong wind blew from the north, and often an exciting chase ensued between a man and his errant hat in consequence. It was on the Btroke of the fatal hour when Keenan suddenly caught hold of Edwards' arm and whispered hoarsely : ' Look ! Look ! There he is !' Following tho indicated direction, Edwards saw the tall, bent figure of a man slowly making Ilia way through the crowd. He seemed to be oblivious of everything but the gallows, and was nearing it to get a better view of the execution. There could be no mistaking the man. Though the dress wss some what ditlerent to that worn on the night when Edwards and Keenan saw him enter the kitchen of the inn, and the ragged bi-ard had been trimmed, the same slouBh hat was on his head drawn almost over the peculiar restless eyes, s. and tho sinister expression which evon the portion of tho face exposed gave could not be mistaken. ' That is tho mnrderor, and our time hits come, I trust wo may not bo too lato.' A constable whom Edwards knew was standing close to him as he spoko, and he bockoned to him. ' Do you wane to make £600, Wells r ho asked. ' Of sourse I do,' was tho response. * Tiiun'thore stands Carl Jensen, the Now Norfolk murderer, and the man who killed Williams, Wo will give you ft hand. Thore isn't a moment to be lost. Come on.' >. Tho official had tho most implicit trust in Edwards, and when he looked upon tho strange figure which had been so accurately described, ho saw at once that the men were probably right in their surmiso, and he joined them in olbowing his way through the surging crowd to tho spot where Jensen stood. They had not reached him when a hoarse cry arose. This was tho signal that tho condemned man was being led out, and at this sound Jensen turned quickly, when a strong blast of wind blew off his hat and re vealed tho fatal diagonal scar and the bare bald pate. 'Put up your hands, Carl Jensen, cried the constable, and almost instantly tho three men surrounded him with presented piiiLols. For an instant ho glared round liko a wild beast meditating a spring, but as he saw tho uttor useless ness of an attempt at escape, his stolidity returned, and ho murmured ' tho game's up,'and quietly submitted to be hand cuffed. John Southey at the moment was boing led up the laddor to the scaffold, and, with the exception of a fow people in tho immediate vicinity of the arrest, none knew that it had been carried out. ' Don't let that innocent man hang, Jensen. It can make no diflerence to you, and will save him if you confess.. See, they are putting the rope round his neck. Won't you stop the butchery ?' cried Edwards. ' No, of courso I'll not do so. Why should I ? Very likely they'll be a crowd gaping at me in the same way shortly. Oh, no ; I want to see the fun,' roplied JoiiBon. with a low laugh. Finding that ontreaties wero of no avail, Edwards made his way to the scaffold, at which no less a personage than tho civil commandant of Launceston was standing, and in a few seconds told that official that Jensen had been "cap tured, and that he was undoubtedly the real murderer of Williams, though ho would not confess. ' 1 can do nothing, Edwards, even if he did confess. 1 have no power to stop an execution, and as we have no proof that Jensen is tho murderer, the .execu tion must, procecd.' As ho finished he. gave the fatal signal, and the wretched Southey was sent to his doom amidst the roar of the crowd. 'Take this ruffian away and don't let him gloat over his last murder,' cried Edwards passionately as he went back to where the constable, with Keenan and Walsh, had the murderer in custody. By this time Southey was dead, and looking at tho swinging body, Jensen said: ' Well, I did kill Williams, I may tell you. They can't haug me for that crime, anyway.' He was hurried to the lock-up, and shortly after, under a strong guard, was taken to Hobart Town, where he was tried and condemned to death for the murder of his wife. On the day pre ceding his execution, which took place on tho 2nd November, 1840, he made a short confeBBion to the effect that Duffy, NVorrall, and himself wore engaged in extensive robberies in the New Norfolk district. His wife threatened to inform, and he killed her and went to Worrall's. They had long been suapiciouB of Duffy, and they decided to rid themselves of his presence, which they did by killing him in his sleep with a blow on the head. They put the body into the Derwent River, and after using the boat to get across, they overturned it. With a considerable sum of money in their possession, and two well-stocked swags, they kept along the verge of settlement until they came near the Mersey settlement, where Jensen had a i-taunch friend. The money was given him, and then the two men agreed to take to the bush for a time as the safest. The settler friend arranged to pny periodical visits with food to a certain point. Going back, near Mount "Valen tine, the retreat was discovered, which Mesley found, and the life just suited Jensen. Worrall, however, got tired of it, and frightened that if he went back alone he would reveal the secret of Jensen's hiding-place in the hope of getting a pardon, Jensen decided to kill him. An altercation took place one day near the big tree, and Jensen choked his comrade to death at its base. A sheet of bark was placed on the body, and then the idea of leaving his photo, with it occurred to him. When the Biirvey party came along he was delighted to find that they had made the discovery he wished for, and it was ho who stole the food, clothes, and newspaper. The latter told him of the success of his ruse, and fearing that his retreat might be discovered, he decided to go back to his friend's place. This he did, but shortly after, through Williams and Sutherland, he was again being sought for, and he decided to have revenue on the constable. His friend gave him all the necessary information, and he carried out his purpose but too well. To tho end he steadfastly refused to give the name of the settler who befriended the assassin, though the man was strongly suspected. ' Well, KeBnan,' said Dr. Sutherland the day after Jensen's confession was known, 'your ghost was a pretty sub stantial one.' ' Well, yes, sir, but its appearance meant death all the same, for poor John Southey was the victim,' came the reply. THE END. 