[?] Cruise 'of the ' Gospel Truth'— Cumbo and : The Sea Serpent. nr. ' (By 'THE OWL.') AFTER a clay or tyro (continued tho Hon Editor), tho Gospel Truth began io uhow signs that tho now olctrlc ma chinery fitted into her by my father tlio Governor-Gonoral was a bit too high pres sure /or her construction. Shu hadn't I been built for rapid locomotion la the Unit I place, being on tho two rooma ami kltchon principle hnd sho had never been to soa : before sho wont Balling out of Forbes on ? tho top of tho talloBt flood that evor oo curred In tho' Imagination of the lonegat re r sldent. ~ I came on deck one morning and. 'found the old man .with a monkey wrench ? and a pot of g'uo in hand. There wus an . - ' rinxlfin'n inMc'nYi litu fiirir». :i' .'. 'TltuB Septimus,' he shoutod, soon as;ho '?' . eaw my head appear over tho combing of tho main hutch, 'hlthor!' I hithered. I always did when tho Oov. Gen. spoke In that tone. You'd think he was giving orders to n battalion of doaf Infantry. 'What's the matter, dad?' I naked. 'Anything gone wrong with the ship?' 'Blamed It I can m-\ko her out,' ho aald. . 'Ever since I lasscood that thunderstorm and put It into her a3 n motive power sho'B boon doing a kind of can-can nil about these latitudes. Sho won't Bteer worth a cout. Day before yoalorday I got a suspi cion of her, a;id ye3tcrdny', when I took my observations, I found, as I had nuopected, that she was jmit going round and round In ft-clrcle. and coming back to the spot where she started from ovory ten or twolvo hours. 'When a darn ahlp goes and neglects her duty and forgets her moral reputation llko , that, and starts to caporing round tho ocean on her own whiflleirco, blind to all sense of decency, It's enough fo make any respoctablo mariner got off and walk.' By tho way tho old man banged the motikoy ?wrench down on the deck I could see that ho was na mad os a bull In lly time. Ho didn't like to admit that his scheme of elec trical marine locomotion wua not a com plete and undivided buccoms. : ' Climbo had been at tho tiller two watches ruunln'R. Tho old man caught Bight of him just'then. Ho had fallon acrona tho wheel . with his mouth wldo open, asleep. When Curatio opened his mouth you would think you were standing nt the door of the town collar in Bremen looking down, or that you stood nt the entrance to the Jenolau Caves, or over tho Klatna Blowhole It was more of P,ft- aperture than a mouth, and it formed the most distinguishing feature about Cum bo- It was characteristic, too, find nor BOnal. When you wero In tho vicinity and our faithful black had tho door of his cavo njar the rest of the Bconery sank into in significance Wo ofton used to wonder Whoro Cumbo's mouth led to. Another font.uro about tho darkey was that ho would swallow anything. If Rouro mont woro to come to Cumbo with a flab. I' story, tho trustful snvngo would Just open Ills mouth mid take it down. Anyhow, ho was hanging ovor tho wheel nnoring, nml tho nolao ho mado rosomblod nothing so much as the efforts of a drunk en trombonist trying to play 'Qod Savo the Quean' with his tnsitrumont full of BOldlltz powders in a state of fusion. 'There' tho aovornor-Gonoral growled, 'After I put him at tho wheel on purpoBo because ho wms more non-conductive, In tho electric sense, and told him to pay strict attention to tho steering, bo 1 could traco the onuuo of tho variation, ho'H gonu ?f nnd lot his damned lazy instincts get tho ? ? better of him.' With that the old man picked up tho . ; ; monkey wrench and stalked ovor to tho . wheol, nnd Jammed tho wrench Into tho nigger's mouth to wake him up. HI Cumbo shut his mouth with a finap, and . . Jj the thing slipped from the Governor's hand ? II and olid out of eight Inside. if Tho blnckfollow onciiad lifn eyos, nnd saw || tho old mnn standing before him In a ntato |l of Intenot' wriith, Jl 'Hero, you lazy, skulking hound,' ho | roared, 'give mo back that wronch.' II 'Gib back what wrench, Boss ?' asked* I tho startled blnck. I 'That wronch you've Just swallowed !' II howlod tho old man. I ? 'Nobbor swallow no plurry wronch,' || orlod Cumbo, Indignantly. I 'By Shocl,' shouted tho GovornorGeue J| ral, 'I'Jl teach you to coino any of your || blanky thieving tricks ovor me I'll havo || you up boforo tho first Justlco of tho Peace Hi I moot on tho voyago and chn'rgo you with El having property In your possession ronson II «bly Buppofied to Imvo boon atoloti. Tho nl only wronch I had In tho ship!' jj ; 'I nobbor 1100 no wronch, Bohb,' cried 11 Gumbo, humbly. .81 ;.; 'Don't tell lies!' yelled tho Govornor ? fl| ? Gonorul. 'It'a not tho llrsl tlrno I've §1 milancd things, l'vo got a notion I know || 'now whoro thoy have koiio to. Hang mo HI If I havon't a good strong, healthy fanoy |j to run him up nt tho yard nrm. , Ho could |{ lio dissooted nftorwarda. Hang mo If I Jj flon't think lt'o tho corroot' thing to do.' I]' ., Knowing tho Ooycrnor-Qonbmrd tompo II Wimont oo. well, I Iinoton6d to divert Ida . ,.|l ..?inlnd from tho ldoa. ??? Onco ho got a thliiK ?:;|j 'into' hlO'hoad it wna n. -torrlblo labor to ?|| drive . ?tt'.out i Ho would iiot.bri tho Im || j)iiliio of. tho moment! find bo cload aorry tor Ijl It. aftbrwfirdq. bumbo would bo doail norry ' 1 || .too. ) Bo. I anld: '.'Seo horp.dad. I don't ?? -oj want tc Interfere with tho'ovon couraa oi I ??'.JubUco, 'but it (ieoina' to mo Mint tho notion III 'VQU*t-rop6iiwin- regard, to. Cumbo ia «omo ? HI 'what unconstitutional. It would bo moro |j In accord with' Magnet Ohnrtn and tho Havp.i ? : II - .'I.I'Xta-Onronno Act to got a aonrrfi' warrant' : || ;,iout ovor tho nlKijor whnn wo got to port.' , , , , fl| 'Clot to port!' responded tho old man. SI 'TlnU'u Jutit it. How nro wo [;olii|{ to gut [Jj to port ? I'm koiijilnir tlilu Ournod iilrwor III 'at tho iviieol hoantino ho'/i got tho loaut I 1 oloolrtalt/'in him of nny of my mm, nml III ?»-- fiocn nnd fulln noloop nuil upnoto nil m.v cMojilntlano- TJio ohlp'n lioou otoori?^ |{ hormH Oio lmil h-)tir. .bon't you uoo ho\i' m Uiat Hiffonvn mn ouf ?' fl . '}No, Ua\W 1 nntii, 'X tlon't.' W/ . ''Wt'll, d«mn'-'ou for t\ fooU' arleil tho , old man. 'Why don't you study naviga tion ?' i With that he went f orrard, and took three or four turns across tho deck. Wo scomod to bo travelling at a good rato of apood, and If the Governor-General had not bo assured mo I would nover havo boliovod that tho Gospel Truth woo going round and round In hor courso llko n champion rider in a blcyclo raco. I could seo by my parent's manner that ho was intensely annoyed and puzaled about It. .. Ho had .hardly gone forrard, liovvovor, when an incident occurred which made tho wholo mystery plain as day. It was ono of the mo3t extraordinary epi sodes in our voyages, nnd it probably never happened to any living percon beforo or Bince. It might havo occurred to M. Rouge-, rr.ont if ho had thought of it, but apparent ly ho hasn't. Tho Gospol Truth stopped dead ! I saw the old man's faco turn a sickly yellow, nnd ho rushed below to look at tie electric generator- Ho camo up again in a few mlnutca brcathloss, and shouted to me to hoist the mainsail. ? - ?' I got tho sail up pretty quickly, but in stead of tho ship moving ahoad, sho began to revolve. Her bows Boomed to point to THE 'GOSPEL TRUTH' OUT OF 'HER LATITUDE. ono part of tho compass, and sho turned round and round on that like a top on. its peg. Tho motion brought tho old woman on deck in a hurry, and oho hung on by tho whoel-houso and shouted to dad to know what- was tho matter. Tho old mnn wan loaning over tho bows looking down into tho water, and studying it Intently. My head swam, Cumbo lay over tho whool awful sea-sick. I never r.aw a nlggor so sick. Ho had his mouth open so wide that ho was In Initnlnont clanger of turning him self insido out. 'What's tho matlor, Honry?' crlod my . mother, In a faint, small voice 'Oh, Hennery, what la ,tho matter ?' The old man mndo no reply. 'Oh, Hennery,' screamed tho old woman, 'whOTO aro wo going to?' 'H ? 11!' said the old man, briefly, aud ?wont on looking down Into tho wator.' Weil tula sort of tiling wont on for per haps a quartftr of an hour until mother had quite collapsed, and poor old Cumbo, after parting with tho very Insl Hem of his In ternal offectu, had Htrotohcd hlinsolf out on deok to die with 'his mouth so wldo open that I could seo the hydatlds playing leap frog on his liver. I waa fcollnij blind sick myself, and had just gono Into a sort of swoon when 1 saw tho old man runh along Cho deck, jump down tho companion-way thrco stopa tit a time, and disappear In the 'tween decks. ' I had hardly time to realise this fact be foro ho reappeared, dragging ono ond of a lf-ng coll of barbed wlro by a pair of In sulating pincers he had mado for hlmaoir. Ho passed tho wire Qlona; the deok, nnd dropping tho ond overboard right forward, began to pay out tho ooll Into tho wator an if hlu very exiutcnoo dopomled on It. Ho hail lot f;o sovoral fathoms whon all of «i sudden Wio u-oitpci 'mini ccnacu re volving on her own axlu. Cuaibo shut his mouth with a snap, mother got up and tottered below, aftor Unit announcing in fowblo tones that father was flying In tho faco of I'royldonco, and nothing eacul could possibly como of It — nnd I began to set my breath again. Whtlo I wau' enjoying tho novelty of bo ing ablo. to flll my. lungs frooly, tho Go yornor-Oonoral pronaod tho button connect ed .with Mid. f^o'norator, tho Gospol Truth shot ahead, and tho old man, coming aft to tho whool- houiiu, told Cumbo to tako In tho barb ,wlro ? , . ' There ?,\i,n victory. nml flp.tlnfiicllon In n\y paront'n oyo, but I .know enough not to spoil tho situation by nolrinfr «ny prcinAturo (iuohtlonii, I Judged it wojj boiit. juut to lot l»Im tako hold of tho whool nonchalontly, and' fill hlu pipo snm'o nu If nothing particu lar ihad- boon happonlHg. ' Ao Cumbo walked nwuy the old man or dore'd him, In stentorian tones', 'to pick up that monkey wronoh ami dlplhfoct It «« noon «n ho Jwnl colled In tho wire.' Ciinibo followed H»o dlrootlon of tho Goy. Qnn.'it toroDnffor; «nd whon ho tmw tho ain*rfs«y wronch l(i,yln« on Uve deck wh«ro ho wa\J parted with It In -tho Upheaval n fo\V mlnutuK provloiialy. ho looked thoroughly a«Jiamcil of hlmsolf, 1 'i'lio oJcZ man wont on umotflnfj And nloor bin tor n v/l-Uo, fltifl then lio nnlil to ma. casually, 'I suppose, Tltua, you aro won dering what tho Gospel Trutih was atT' 'I am, sir,' I replied, 'I am completely mystified. It 13 not usual for ships to ?begin turning round ou their noses In. -mid ocean. Is it?' ? 'No,' aald tho Gov.-den., loftily, 'not usual — but possible — the exporlouced navi gator must always bo prepared for contin gencies Bueh as these, you know. 'You seo, it waa thla way,' ho continued, ?'I discovered, as I told you, that tlie Goa pcl Truth was acting In a very peculiar , manner, and I doterminod to discover tho .'cause. Wo had' been going round In a sort of narrowing circle, as I mentioned. Well, %hero ia no effect without a oause, and wheu our- ship stopped and began to ro yolvo I went forward, aa you saw, to think tho matter out. Thon I struck the solu 'tlon of tho mystery.' Tho Gov.^Gca. paused a moment to heighten tho effoct. 'What do you think it was?' ho said, presently. 'Haven't tho remotest notion, dad,' I ro pllod. 'Well,' said tho old man, taking the pipo out of hla mouth and pointing aft, 'Loo-lC ' back there and you'll oee!' I turned round quickly, and about five hundred yards In tho wake of tho Gospel Truth I saw an immonso creaturo strug gling and squirming. .on tho surface of tho water. Whllo I. looked aghast, mjtonJuhed, overcame, 'the Gov.-Gon. cut oft the circuit from the generator, and brought the Go3pol Truth to a stop again. ''Great Caesar, dad!' I shouted, an soon as I could uso my tongue. 'What Is it?' 'Soa -serpent!' said tho old man, dryly, taking a couplo of long draws- 'I'm going to get him aboard and stuff him presently.' -'But dad!' I exclaimed, 'did he stop tho ahlp?' 'He did,' nald tho Gov.-qen., 'and not only 'that, but he's been throwing the G03 '.pel Truth out of iior course for thrco days.' I was too much overcome with tho ex treme rarity of tho altuatlon to say any thing. 'It's this way,' continued tho old man, 'thlB Bhlp Is thoroughly electrified from atom to storn with negative electricity! The sea serpent, as I myself have Just dis covered, for tho first time In natural his tory, is olectrllled with positive electricity. . You will find later on that this serpent, now In hla last agbnlca, la as much aa a quarter of a mllo In length, and perhaps 20,000 years of age. Imaglno tho amount of .positive, electricity ho must havo atojed during that period. Now what would you eay if I told you that every volt of that electric power Is at tbo present moment safely housed in tho accumulators of tho ? Gosppl Truth! ! !' 'Great Scott! dad!' I gaiiped, 'you mako .my. hoad swim almost nu badly ns tho Truth did a little while ago.' 'Fact!' said the old man, with a twlnklo of pride In his grey eye, 'I've got every ounce of his lnotivo power, and I'll havo his hido shortly for tho British Museum. Sept., my son, tho great sea serpent mys tery la settled for over!' 'How— how— how did you do It all, dad?' I asked. 'Simplest thing in the world,' chuckled the old man, 'not half as difficult an trying to rlug up a church on tho telephone.' 'Aa soon ns I saw that the negative elec-. triclty on tho Ooapol Truth was attracted to sourco of posltlvo or animal cloctrlcity at that point, I camo to tho conclusion that we had been drawn by a peculiar magnetic law to some mighty monster of tho deep. I reasoned the matter out while you were all alck, and turnout giving up 'tho ghost, and I saw a way out of tho dlfnculty. I .saw that wo must get awny from that placo if tho future voyages of this .ship were to bo made of any pleasure or profit to all concerned. 'How aro wo going to get away? By ro movlng the sourco of electrical attraction. ? SOLVING THB 91'JA-SlSlU'IiiNT MYS TIDItY. How woro wo to do that? Uy establishing an oloolrlc connection with It. Tho wholo thing; was -m plain mm plkwjinff 'I van below nnd cot one; end of tho wire, fixed it to accumulator, lownred Ihe other Uilo tho ivatur right ovor tho spot whoro tlto weft sonumt wan wloopliiR, and a» ooon M H touched him all tho filcntrlclf.y keptm to como to ua. Kosult, wo pmnpod him dry In about a quarter of an hour, nnd by de priving him of hiu vitality, luu'o klllod him juntas tiffuotually mi If wo hud aoaked him in^nplrUu of wiuo. ' '}, wnlton.!1 concludod thu Oov.-Q'un, With a flno nourish, '7 haVo got. Buinolont motivo power, out of. thru «a\ ta ,.,m ,ho Sffi»Vull^,no«lll?B tflU »tnol» *» ''««? «o° ii™ TmW ? ' 'I1' I''(l«» '-? (A'to ftd van- ' Ui(o of tho opportunity, to put Into 0x0011 Iiu'/1'1'0 wlfilml ?ea0Il)flI1 1 li«vo Rot In my ? r ? ^_.(T' h-- Conllnupil.) 