Edgar Hansford is Startled. . JI, ITnstor Edgar, darling! Wei , come, welcome homo!" * The old woman—in old world, homely fashion—drew down his bearded face with her shaking arms, mid kissed, mm again. ana again. She hud often kissed him in child hood and boyhood; so she felt privileged to do so now. " God "bless my soul, Edgar!—it a never v*The cry rang from behind. The occupants of the car: iuge had alighted; and Geoffrey Hansford and.old Mrs:. Craven were ascend-; ing hastily-to the terrace.* "We were away from the court, for a week or two, in Cornwall, V . Geoffrey. Bans ford .explained 'rather. breathlessly and nervously,. as he wrung his cousin's hand. " Aunt Kathcrine was ordered there bytbe doctor, and I went with her." "Edgar, how overjoyed lam to see you again!" croaked the old lady, giving him a lean claw at the same moment, her piercing gray eyes, under their bushy brows, fixed searchingly, in the shadows, upon his face.. " We didn't send word we were returning this evening," Geoffrey said, ere Edgar hod time to speak. " So everything looks queer and gloomy. Old Prudence and a kitchen maid and housemaid represent our staff of servants just at present. Come in, come in, Edgjir—it is deucedty cold and ghost-like out here." . ; • They entered the gloomy hall, and, in silence, proceeded to a low-ceiled, panelled room bcyondi Here the first indication of civilised comfort made itself evident, in the shape of a pleasant fire of coal and wood, piled high in the grate. . There was no other light in tho room, and the fitful flame as it rose and fell illuminated tho brown oak panelling, the solid furniture of another age, the dark crimson carpet, tho great mahogany, bookcase at the opposite wall,'then died down again, and all was plunged in shadow. Prudence Grey shuffled in to light the lamp; old Mrs. Craven stood as if in the attitude of expectation, with one shaking hand rcstingon the table near. Geoffrey was bustling about, superintending the carrying iu of the luggago; and Edgar, finding his voice at last, with an awful pain and horror at his heart, turned to his witch-like kinswoman, just as the ruby shaded lamp cast its glow, like a stain of blood, across her peaked, shrinking face. " Aunt Kathcrine, where is Mabel? Why have I not seen her yet?" The old lady started, and despite every effort to Control herself, her lips trembled and her finders began to drum mechanically upon the table. "Why? Didn't you get my letter, Edgar?" sbe a><ked, coughing violently, for the lump in her throat that moment nearly choked ber; " the letter I wrote to yon last month ?" " The letter ? No. What letter ? I n< " How extraordinary! I wrote a few days after Mabel left the court." "Left the court?" he repeated, staring in amazement into the sinister face of his old kinswoman; and he could say no more just then. ... "Yes, to be sure., I explained it all in that letter." There seemed to be a spurt of defiance, or recklessness, in old Mrs. Craven's voice. "Afew friends were here one night. We got up a lrind of masqnerade ball, on a small and modest scale, and the Marehmonts took a violent faney to Mabel, and persuaded her to go away with them on the following morning. At first it was to be but a visit of I a day or two, and she took only a handbag 1 with her; but she sent for her things two days after, and wo haven't seen her since." "Tho Marehmonts? Do you mean the Deanstoke people, or the Marehmonts of Forest Park?" "Tho Forest Park Marehmonts, Edgar; but they are not at Forest Park now; thoy've shnt up or sold that house and are gone abroad." "Goneabroad! And Mabel with them?" Somehow, the tone of her'voice, her averted 1 glanco, a nameless instinct, inexplicable as it was unconquerable, lent to every word a faint character of treachery and falsehood, and i cast over her explanation—-simple and harm less enough in itself—a shadow of mystery that filled his heart with growing suspense and terror. "Yes, and Mabel with them, to be sure. They intend travelling for some months, I believe." " And what is their address at present ?" " Their address, Edgar! I really cannot tell. Maybe—maybe Geoffrey knows it." And as though the strain of this cross examination had proved too severe for her nerves, the old lady turned rather abruptly and, in a shrill quivering voice, called to her other nephew, who was etiil, it seemed, busy over the luggage. At the same moment' Edgar Hansford's gnze chanced to rest on the face of old Prudence Grey, who, having lighted the lamp, was busy at a side table with some thing or other,-but had now turned and was watching Mrs. Craven with an odd, fixed stare. It was an unfathomable stare that chilled Edgar; and the old woman, as if suddenly becoming awure of his gnze, glanced full into his face, with a scared and darkly suspicious scrutiny, gradually changing to a dismal expression of distress. " Prudence Grey knows or suspects some thing," was the unpleasant thought that smoto Edgar Hansford; and ho mentally decided to have u word with Prudence that very night, the moment he could get her to himself. In answer to Mrs. Craven's shrill summons, Geoffrey entered, with an elaborately un conscious-look that, - however, failed to con vince Edgar. -He - suspected that Geoffrey hud overheard most of the conversation that had just taken place; he had seeu bis cousin's faco at the door once or twice during that disconcerting dialogue. Geoffrey did not know, the Marehmonts' present address, but' he corroborated his aunt's story - with a somewhut mechanical glibness that suggested a lesson learned by rote; then Prudence Grey, having no further pretext to linger, shuffled out of tho room, and.'Edgar .turned rather fiercely to his cousin. $ ' . . " It soems to mo a most extraordinary,. a well-nigh incredible' thing, that Mabel should leave her borne in the fashion you describe. Why, it looks as if she were escaping from a prison, or flying from hated enemies! And then her not writing to me and acquainting me with the fact, i cannot understand it at all." " Mabel had an insurmountable dislike to writing letters," old Mrs. Craven said. '* Even the brief notes she enclosed from time to time, in my letters to yon, Edgar, were evidently an effort that one could not expect too often I Yet. you know, she may have written—just as I wrote—and yon may have started for home before the letter reached your address." Edgar saw that it was useless to press the matter further; and during the remainder of that night he made a desperate effort to talk of other matters— anything, anything hut this alone. He clearly perceived that his cousin Geoffrey was very ill at ease indeed; and even old Mrs. Craven, although she acted her part with far and away more skill than her nephew, was driven into a corner and forced to unmask, for a ghastly momeut or two, now and then. To Edgar it was a hideous night; and it was with a sigh, of unutterable relief that he got away to his own room at last. But he had not abandoned his resolve to sec Prudence Grey, late though it was; and, quickly removing his boots, he opened his door and glided along the gallery, with the intention of making his way to the queer old octagonal room which, as he well remem bered, Prudence always chose to occupy. His intention, had, however, it seemed, been anticipated. He had barely turned the sharp corner of the long corridor, on his way to the head of the front stair, when a door communicating with the back stair was quickly opened, and Prudence herself, candle ia hand, and looking very white and agitated, appeared. "Oh, Master Edgar, thank God I met; you J I—I couldu't goto bed. I couldn't j swallow bite nor sup until I seen you. j Master Edgar, I've only one word to say— Hash! Hush!" And she silenced him with uplifted finger and u dark and stern frown aud a nod. "I only suspects it, Muster Edgar; I knows nothing, and I daren't delay here at this hour; we'll be seen. That old ludy's ears and eyes i9 all over the house at the same moment—in every corner." "Prudence, speak out, I implore of you. Tell me what you know, or suspect, of—of my poor wife 1" " Hush,,dearie! Don't breathe her name. I knows nothing—it may be all a dream. I may be mad—crazed—to think .it. Muster Edgar, one word I'll say. v You remember the hut in the wood—the wood-ranger's hut it used to be, in jour dear father's time long ago." "Yes, yes: what of it? I used to rest and smoke there, X remember, when over taken by a shower in the wood." " *Twas struck by lightning the night of the thunderstorm, nigh two months ago. It's all in burnt ruins and ashes and broken I timber and scattered stones. Master Edgar, Slisten to me!" She stooped suddenly closer ! to his face; her eyes dUated; a livid hue I stole over her quivering lips, and her voice I sank to a shuddering whisper. ".Go to the hut—Hiring a* couple of men with you; stand by while they clear away the rubbish, and see with your own eyes—what is buried under neath!" Then, while these extraordinary words still rang in Edgar's ears, and ere he had re covered from the shock of horror that over came him, sufficiently to reply in any wise, Prudence Grey stepped back hastily ^ through the doorway and vanished from his sight. 