Mr R. M. SMITH, M.L.A., who is at present in Sydney, was interviewed by the representative of the Age in reference to the burning question of federation, with the result that the hon. member is reported to have said that “Mr REID, by the series of reso- lutions he has put forward, is deeply concealing his real object, which is locating the federal capital either in Sydney or very close thereto. All along the great aim of the opponents of the Commonwealth Bill in New South Wales was to get the solid advan- tages of federation, and the federal capital was the chief goal of their ambition.” We are pleased to see that any of our lead- ing politicians, and more particu- larly a gentleman of Mr R. M. SMITH'S political standing, agree in the view The Star has all along expressed, namely, that the selection of the site for the Federal City was the cue to all the wriggling, scheming, and ap- parent tergiversation of the Premier of the parent colony. It was clearly to his mind the real bone of conten- tion. It was the one thing worth fighting for. At the present time Sydney has vastly the advantage over Melbourne in being the terminus of the mail steamers, and the large vessels representing national interests in Europe; being also the station of the Australian Naval Squadron, and also by having thrown open Port Jackson to free trade in order to attract shipping business from Mel- bourne, and in other ways super- fluous to mention. By conceding to Victoria the capital the two colo- nies, despite their disparity of terri- tory, wonld be placed on a fair footing of equality, but by giving Sydney, or even New South Wales, the metro- polis of the Commonwealth, plus all the other special advantages, this colony must of necessity dwindle, to the condition of an insignificant, strug- gling and impoverished principality, of no political significance or commercial importance. It is hardly necessary to add that the ruin of “The Cabbage Garden” would be regarded as the triumph of Mr REID'S statesmanship. But Mr SMITH does not stop here. He naturally puts in a word on behalf of Melbourne, and it must be acknowledged that his words are pregnant with force and common- sense. He observes upon this point that Melbourne “had paramount claims to being the seat of govern- ment. The Victorian Government had Parliamentary buildings, law courts, and a Government House for the Governor - General, and the Judges under the Federation would find everything ready for them from the start, while the Commonwealth would be saved the expenditure of a million of money.” Here we have the whole case as between Sydney and Melbourne in a nut shell. The pioneer colonists of Victoria were men of large ideas and profound fore- thought. Melbourne was built and its public edifices erected with the pro- spective purpose that it should be one day the capital of Australia. Its Parliamentary buildings were designed to cost one million sterling. Its Custom House, its Treasury, General Post Office,. Public Library, Univer- sity, the Governor’s residence in the Domain, the Victoria Military Bar- racks, the width and alignment of its streets, and the situation, extent, and beauty of its reserves, its parks, and gardens, all go to prove the original intention of the founders of Melbourne. If in every instance full effect has not yet been given to designs and plans framed by the early officials, the explanation is that the funds requisite for the purpose were not always available. It may be said with truth that Melbourne, even as it stands, is prepared to offer all the ac- commodation necessary for the Me- tropolis of Australia. Regarding the question from a merely financial aspect, a saving of a million sterling, possibly double that amount, of ex- penditure would be effected by making Melbourne the seat of the central Federal Government. If Sydney or any other site is chosen the indebtedness incurred in starting the new machinery of the Commonwealth would be very serious, not to say enormous. Going further, it might be urged in favor of Melbourne that its public institutions, hospitals, benevolent asylums, like the Yarra Bend and Kew, the Law Courts, the Melbourne Gaol and Pent- ridge, are all conceived upon a scale of magnitude and completeness that tend to support Victoria’s claim to pre-eminence. The matter for surprise is that Melbourne politicians and newspapers do not seem to agree with the views expressed by Mr MURRAY SMITH. We have had one journal distinctly expressing a willingness to forego any claim to the capital provided we thereby secured federation. In another instance the question has been treated as altogether subordinate to the main issue. If the Government fell in with either view and allowed the capital to go to Sydney or even to New South Wales territory, it would soon be discovered that we had made an unpardonable, a grave and irre- trievable mistake. TALLYRAND declared that a political blunder was a crime. For Sir GEORGE TURNER to concede the capital would in that sense be a huge crime and misdemeanor, the disastrous effects of which would be left as an accursed legacy to work evil and ruin to our posterity. It may be asked what about Ballarat as a competitor in the race for the Federal City Stakes. When giants contend ordi- nary mortals Stand aside and be- come spectators. In competing for such a prize provincial centres can only count in the second degree, and as entirely subordinate to the rival metropoles. We hold that (1), Victoria should contain the Federal City; (2), that primarily for financial reasons and in justice, Mel- bourne should be selected for the pur- pose; and (3), if mutual distrust and jealousy between the two capitals should prevent any agreement on the question, that Ballarat or some other Victorian inland centre should have the reversionary interest. Putting the matter briefly, so far as we can judge, Ballarat is content so long as Victoria possesses the capital within her boun- daries. In the interests of those inhabitants of another world who may have a claim upon our hospitality and veneration, we feel justified in protesting against the treatment accorded recently to the Bendigonian ghost. Some very clever people declare that an apparition is an impossibility, an hobgoblin the creature of a distempered imagination—yet they believe in the performance of miracles. They admit human power and attain- ments to such a degree of spirituality that an individual may not only cute the blind, the lame, and the halt, but dispossess himself of his mate- riality, and become—we say it without profanity—really and truly the very essence of the Divinity. Now, if the really well-meaning people who expressed their entire faith in the teaching of Dr MILLS are justified in so doing, what are we to think of those who have no belief in spirits or ghosts or any visitors from beyond the bourne from which no traveller is supposed to return ? Going further, we ask how can the conduct of the Bendigonians be sufficiently repro- bated for their vile treatment of their spirit guest ? He, she, or it, as the case may be, observed all the conventionalities in demeanor and appearance, and it loomed ghastly and ghostly amidst the circumambient dark- ness. It even uttered groans. We doubt if Mr or Mrs M. could give a more convincing demonstration of the reality of their philosophical proposi- tions. Yet what do we find. Alas poor ghost! instead of being ap- proached as Hamlet did his unhappy parent, some rude young men used its incorporiality as a target for a horrid six shooter, and bravely boasted that they had “struck” the ethereal being. That was bad enough, but when the ghost proved itself impervious to carnal weapons, and re- appeared the following night to a poor servant girl, no doubt with the laud- able desire to make a communication, the wicked unbeliever threw a chunk of road metal at, and hit (so she stated) the apparition in the chest, To still further indicate its immunity from assault, it next night appeared unto a worn-out, much garnisheed, and overworked railway employe on his way home at midnight to his wife and family of ten children. Being physically exhausted, he naturally tumbled into a heap, and breathed a prayer for mercy and forgiveness. This seems to have appeased the ghost, and it then took its departure and has not since been seen. It is to be re- gretted that the people of Bendigo did not imitate the Ballarat metaphy- sicians, who not only behaved respect- fully to their spiritualistic visitor, but “shelled out ” the handsome offer- ing of £100 to enable him and his companion to go in peace. No doubt that sum would have been a welcome addition to the funds of our principal charities, but it was well earned, no doubt, for ghostly services rendered. The Premier moved in the Legislative As- sembly yesterday the second reading of a bill to enable the Government to borrow a million —£750,000 for railways and £250,000 for water works. Mr Higgins desired an opportunity of challenging by vote the objectionable proposals of future borrowing in the budget, Mr Vale desired an assurance that all new works should be carried out by private con- tract. Mr Gillies, leader of the Opposition, had previously complained that members had not had time to thoroughly grasp the pro- vision of the important financial measures of the Government, and he deprecated any attempt to hurry the matter through, but the bill was passed through committee. This colony’s position with regard to bor- rowed money was explained in the Legislative Assembly last evening by the Premier, in moving the second reading of the Victorian Government Consolidated Inscribed Stock Bill. There were two classes of stock—the Victorian stock dealt with in Melbourne and the stock dealt with in London. It was proposed to deal in this measure with the London in- debtedness. This amounts to £14,061,000. There were debentures to the value of £10,720,000, and inscribed stock to the value of £32,882,000. The interest pay- able in London amounted to £1,709,280. The Metropolitan Board of Works had to repay £1,935.975, and the board paid in interest £77,919. The Government had, however, to borrow £5,239,258. He pro- posed to stop all further borrowing under these Acts, so that all future borrowings would be subject to the approval of the House. The stocks at present held in London were subject to a high rate of interest. There were five millions at 4½ per cent., twenty-six millions at 4 per cent., and twelve millions at 3½ per cent. One and a half millions had to be redeemed by 1st July next year. During the next five years nine and a half millions could be converted, and assuming the money could be borrowed at 3 per cent., £120,000 per annum in interest would be saved. In ten years fifteen millions could be converted, and by this action the saving in interest would amount to £180,000 per annum. The desire was to have the debt converted into one or two large stocks. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr Duggan asked the Minister of Mines whether, in view of the fact that it was the intention of the Mines Department to have prepared a map of Victoria illustrative of its goldfields and auriferous tracts, he would cause a limited number of copies of such map to be prepared for sale to those interested in mining develop- ment in Victoria. Mr Foster replied that it was scarcely practicable to do this, but geological maps of various districts could be obtained at 1s each. The newly- elected members of the Legisla- live Council, including the Hon. J. Y. McDonald, were yesterday sworn in and took their seats in the House. The agreement for the improved lighting of the Town, entered into by the Town Council and the Gas Company will take effect on the 1st December next. Particulars of the result of the negotiations that have been carried out appeared in Monday’s Star. The agreement provides for the replacing of the 158 ordinary lamps in the town by 161 Welabach lamps. The company are to give the council the neces- sary burners for these lamps, and for any additional lamps that may be erected. The rest of the cost of conversion is to be borne by the council, the company to pay for the lanterns in the meantime and the council to repay them by monthly instalments during the term of contract. The company are to keep the lamps in repair and in a proper state of cleanliness, and to light them throughout the town. The new lamps will burn the same number of days and hours per annum as at present with the old burners. As previously stated, the council will pay £4 10s per annum per Welsbach burner, against £4 8s at present for the old burners, but for a three light Welsbach lamp £13 per annum will be charged. The council are to have the option of replacing at any time the existing ten arc electric lights by ten lights comprising five of five lights, and five of three lights. Seven of these lamps to have one burner alight till morning. If the company find that the new lamps are often broken, and the cost of maintenance is excessive, they shall, with the consent of the council, change the light again to the ordinary burner. It is many years since such interest has been taken in a football match as is being shown in the match to be played next Saturday between the Imperial and Ballarat teams, as each club has scored an equal number of points for the local premiership, which carries with it the caps and penant presented by the local asso- ciation, and each team can be depended on to try and gain possession of them. With every promise of fine weather the attendance at the Oval on Saturday next should be record one. The aims and principles of the Mothers’ Union formed the subject of an interesting address by the Bishop of Ballarat, Dr Thorn- ton, at the annual meeting of the union yesterday. He referred to the great progress of the organisation throughout the British empire, and observed that this could not have taken place unless there was some need for such a union. This need showed that there was something amiss in society, and this shortcoming was largely traceable to the homes and family life of the people. Mar- riage and parenthood were one of the most fruitful sources of human happiness. There were millions and millions of happy couples whose loverhood was pro- longed long after marriage, and until they had become pairs of antiquated fossils with grown-up children that were a credit to them. But there was unfortunately another side to society. From the relations between man and woman sprang some of the direst miseries that affect the human race. There was a very dark side of life even in fair Victoria. He believed the principle of the Mothers’ Union was per- fectly true, that if the women were made right then more than half the battle was won. A very important question concerning young men was, “ Who were they going to fall in love with ? Would it be a helpmate, one who would encourage his high aspirations and honorable ambitions, who would not foster his vanity and indolence, or would she be a shallow, silly partner of his days, caressing him, flattering his little vanities, exaggerating his grievances which would beset his lot, and fostering his meaner ambitions.” A man was in a great measure what his wife made him. Marriage was the closest of all relations, and he be- lieved he was gravitating to the belief that it should be absolutely indissoluble except by death. There was a text in the Bible which seemed to point to a breach of the seventh commandment, but he was gravitating towards the suspicion that it might not really mean that after all. He concluded by encouraging the Mothers’ Union to continue in its good work with determination, and Christian courage and faith. The Rev. W. Fraser spoke in the same strain, and impressed upon his hearers the power of example that was exercised by parents over children. Constable Beckman, the officer in charge of the Brown Hill police station, was yesterday, at the Court of Genoral Sessions, highly complimented by his Honor Judge Casey upon the manner in which he gave his evidence in the case against a farmer and his wife named McDonald, who were charged with having stolen a cow. His Honor, at the conclusion of the constable’s testimony, said that the wit- ness had given his evidence in a very clear and straightforward manner, and he was highly pleased with the way in which he placed the facts of the case before the court. The witness had shown that he was a highly intelligent constable and a most fair witness. The monthly meeting of the City Fire Brigade was held last night at the station honse, Captain Marsh in the chair. The correspondence was of a purely routine charac- ter. It was resolved to grant the patronage of the brigade to a benefit being arranged for Mr G. Oakes, a member of the Sebastopol Fire Brigade, and take part in a torchlight pro- cession. Acoounts amounting to £2 3s were passed for payment. It was moved and seconded that the secretary enquire as to whether Cr Bell’s statement with reference to the council drawing a peppercorn rental from the board for the use of the brigade ap- pliances is correct. The motion was carried unanimously. Mr W. Smith moved, and Mr F. Jones seconded — “That the secretary write to the City Council contradicting ex-Mayor Shoppee's remarks concerning the working of the steam engine at the encampment, and that he be asked to withdraw them.” Mr Jones remarked that the brigade engineer was in charge of the largest engineer- ing works in Ballarat, and if he could not manage a small engine like that, it was strange. He thought it was an insult to the officers of the brigade. The motion was car- ried unanimously. Mr E. L. King tendered his resignation as an active member of the bri- gade, as he was about to lease Ballarat. The resignation was accepted with regret, on the understanding that if he returned, and desired it, he would be re admitted. Mr C. Newsome was elected from the reserve as an active member. As a result of persistent effort a long stand- ing grievance in connection with students attending at Schools of Mines has at length been remedied. Hitherto the board of examiners for enginedrivers has refused to accept students from Schools of Mines as can- didates, with the result that great inconveni- ence has been caused to students desirous of obtaining their certificates, throngh the lack of which they are debarred in some instances from taking charge of cyanide plants, &c.; Mr R. T. Tale, M.L.A., interested himself in the matter, and Mr F. J, Martell, the director of the local School of Mines, has also been in correspondence with the Mines Department, with a view to securing an alteration in the present system. A reply has been received, stating that the board has decided to accept students from Schools of Mines as candidates for seoond and third class mining certificates on production of a testimonial from the direc- tor of the school, certifying that they have assisted to drive for a period of not less than twelve months. The elderly woman, Margaret Grace, who was found lying in the Yarrowee Creek on the 13th ult., gave evidence of unsoundness of mind by her demeanor and actions while she was at the Hospital suffering from the effects of her fall in the creek. The City bench con- sequently decided yesterday on her committal to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum. The unfortu- nate woman has, it has been ascertained, been engaged as a domestic servant in different localities throughout the dictrict for the past twenty-five years, and has a credit balance of £168 6s 10d at the Savings Bank. A conference of delegates from municipal councils anxious to secure an amendment of the Fire Brigades Act, in order to gain a proper proportion of power for the munici- palities, was held at Melbourne yesterday, ex- Mayor Shoppes presiding. The municipalities represented were—Ballarat City and Town, Bendigo City, Geelong Town, Eaglehawk Borough, Castlemaine Borough, Riponshire, Echuca Borough and Shire, Beechworth Borough, and Geelong West Borough. The chairman submitted a number of suggestions for amendments, most of which were adopted, the following being the most important:— Councillors only to be eligible for election by councils on the Country Fire Brigades Board or local committees. Votes to be pro rata to the amount councils contribute, it being pointed out that the fire insurance companies have the privilege of having from one to five votes for each member to be elected, according to the premium revenue. That the board shall, at the request of any contributing council, be required to furnish such council with any information required relating to that particular council only. That the board meetings shall be open to the press and the public. In section 3, Act 1207, sub-section 2 to be altered from £100,000 to £50,000. That the contribution of each municipality, less a pro rata proportion for the general administrative purposes of the board, shall be expended on the fire system within the municipality. These resolutions are to be presented to the Chief Secretary at 11 o'clock this morning by Cr Shoppee and other members of the conference. At the City Police Court yesterday, after the bearing of a charge of lunacy against an elderly woman, whom it was found desirable to commit to an asylum, it was considered that the Wendouree Asylum would be the most suitable place to which to commit her. Sergeant Biggs, however, intimated that that asylum had now its full complement of cases and no further accommodation could be found there. It does not appear that there has been any undue increase in lunacy cases, but the demand for accommodation at the Wendouree Asylum is doubtless due to the fact that harm- less and imbecile patients are sent there from other districts. In the case referred to the woman was sent to the Ararat Asylum. In a recent number of the Washington Evening Star appears a characteristic letter from Mr W. P. Bechervaise, of this city, from which we make the following extract:— "From the commencement of your trouble with the Dons I have heard but one note sounded by every individual atom of English speaking people with whom I have come in contact, the gist of which has been and is hearty, deep-felt sympathy with your country in this great upset. We are all ‘just like that.’ We felt good, I tell you, when you made your first prance forward in this war, and we knew that our Government and people not made a sign (it was quite suf- fioisnt, fully significant) that we were watch ing your interests, and meant to stand by you in the event of any unlooked for con- tingency or disaster arising. We practically said, ‘We are alongside of you, Uncle Sam. We will be thar. Hands off, all you vultures who would like to interfere or take a hand if you dared to do so, and count us in it.’ The carrion crowe knew full well that Jonathan and Mr Bull would be ‘shoulder to shoulder, blade by blade,’ if necessary, and ‘ they cogitated.’ Well, then, they ‘chew the cud’ with a vengeance now, for they calculate that if you can invent, organise, fight and conquer by land and by sea, as you have lately done all around the show, what, oh, what would be the music they would have to face if it became necessary for us with you to take in hand any foreign combination of powers? I wind up by telling you that, these, my senti- ments, although so imperfectly noted and expounded, represent the views of the great majority of our race. We say again, ‘Hands across the sea.'" An enjoyable reunion took place last night at the Ballarat Fire Brigade Station between the members of the Ballarat and Buninyong Fire Brigades, on the occasion of a quoit match being played between the two brigades. After the match the visitors were entertained at supper in the Brigade Hall, where several toasts were honored, and a pleasant hour or two spent. The annual meeting of the Ballarat Mothers’ Union was held at tbs A.N.A. Hall, Camp street, yesterday afternoon. There was a large attendance of ladies. The Bishop of Ballarat (Dr Thornton) presided, and the Rev. W. Fraser was also present. Mrs Nevett, the secretary of the union, read the annual report, which stated that “ there was evidence of a deeper and widening spiritual interest in the work being shown by the members, whose numbers had slightly increased during the present year. The union had, how- ever, to contend with the indifference of many who did not seem to understand that the Mothers’ Union was formed with the ob- ject of reaching all classes of mothers, not only one class.” “Shame on those Christian women,” the report continues, " who have fallen away from us because they say they do not get any good by coming to the meetings. Although we are sometimes spoken of in terms of contempt as a crowd of foolish women, we can say with St. Paul, ‘ None of these things move me.’ We know that God is above the foolish things of the world, that he might put to shame them that are wise.” Of the two country branches of the union at Noorat and Terang, a report had only been received this year from the former, and there the union had not made much progress, owing to the recent bush fires and other hindrances preventing the at- tendance at meetings. An appeal is made in the report for sympathy and help for Pundita Ramabai, a Christian missionary in India, on behalf of the mission to the child wives and widows of that country. The report con- cludes with an expression of thanks to Mrs Thornton, the president of the union, for her valuable services during the year, and to the Bishop and Mr Fraser for their attendance. Songs were rendered by Mesdames Bailey and Parkyn, and interesting addresses were de- livered by the Bishop and Mr Fraser on the union, and the principles under which it worked. Mr Fraser observed that the Mother’s Union was a world-wide institution, there being no fewer than 150,000 members in the British Empire, and great headway was being made in America and other countries. He hoped that before long the Christian motherhood of the world would be identified with the Mother’s Union. A youth named William Black was arrested by Plainclothes - Constable Montague last night on a charge of having stolen a striped quilt, valued at 10s, the property of Mr Neil McNeil, of Mount Rowan. The accused was admitted to bail to appear at the City Court on Friday next. The monthly meeting of the Enginedrivers’ Association was held in the Trades’ Hall on Saturday evening last; the president (Mr M. Richards) in the chair. The representative on the Trades’ Hall Council reported that it was the intention of the council to have a social meeting of the various trades unions in Ballarat at an early date, and he asked if the countenance and support of the E.D.A. would be extended on that occasion. Several mem- bers present spoke favorably of the proposal, but the matter was left over for further action. Wm. Hardie was admitted as an apprentice, and the following members were nominated as delegates to the annual meet- ing:—Messrs J. Rodway, H. Taylor, G. Kidd, J. Welbam. J. L. McLachlan, G. Wilson, E. Freeman, J. Clendinning, C. Jeffrey, and B. Quick. A very unpleasant experience befel a girl named Fiorence Lindsay, who found herself charged at the City Court yesterday with vagrancy, a charge which, as it was shown in court, had been preferred against her owing to the hasty action of her father. Some little time ago the girl went to Melbourne to go to a station, with her mother’s consent. It was not made clear whether her father expected her to return within a few days or not, but whatever his motive was, he precipated matters by causing a warrant to issue for his daughter's arrest on a charge of having no lawful visible means of support. Under such circumstances the girl was naturally indig- nant at being treated in this ignominious manner, but matters were righted by Sergeant Biggs stating that the whole affair arose from a misunderstanding on the father’s part. The girl was accordingly discharged. Mr A. Ridgeway, a hawker living in a house owned by Mr E. J. Morris, in Macarthur street, had a narrow escape of being burnt out last night. He was working in a storeroom at the rear of the house, and had a kerosene lamp placed upon a box to give him light. Shortly before half-past 7 o’clock he had occasion to speak to his wife, and left the storeroom for that purpose. Hearing a crash, he returned hastily to the room he had just left, and found that the lamp had been overturned and the lining of the room had caught. An alarm was sent to the City Fire Brigade, who arrived promptly on the scene, but fortunately in the meantime Mr Ridgeway had been able to ex- tinguish the flames before much damage was done. The furniture was insured in the Com- mercial Union for £85, but it was not known last night whether the building was insured. Mr C. B. Finlayson, the well-know barrister is at present on a visit to Ballarat, being engaged in a case to be heard at the County Court to-day. Mr Finlayson was yesterday at the court, and was warmly welcomed by his many friends. The anniversary festival of St. Paul’s branch of the Girls’ Friendly Society was held last night, in the school hall, and was very largely attended. The chair was taken by the Bishop, who also delivered an interesting and instructive address. During the evening an excellent programme was provided, the items being—Hymn by the members; overture by Misses Dubberlin and Bradby; songs by Misses M. Allen, Webster, and Smith; recita- tions by Mr John Robson; glee, “Come o’er the moonlit sea,” by the members; and an exhibition of club swinging by Miss M. Bush. The accompaniments were played by Miss Greaves. A presentation of a group portrait of the members of the branch in gymnastic costume was made to the Rev. W. F. Tucker and a similar picture was presented to be placed in the room. The arrangements for the gathering were ably supervised by the secre- tary, Miss Richardson, and the festival throughout was of a most enjoyable char- acter. The rainfall for the month of August, as registered by Mr T. Bath, at Ceras, Lear- nouth, was 1.37 inch, and for the eight months of the year 13.49 inches, The rainfall for the corresponding periods of last year was 3,83 and 20.11 inches respectively. From 31st August, inclusive of this year, to the 5th of this month, the record of rainfall was 1.65 inches. The trial of Archibald McDonald, an elderly farmer, and his wife, Ann McDonald, on a charge of having stolen a cow from another farmer residing at Brown Hill, occupied the whole of the day at the Court of General Sessions yesterday. A report of the case,which resulted in the conviction of the accused for illegally using the cow, appears in another column. One other case had been listed for trial at the sessions, but was quickly disposed of, as the Crown prosecutor decided to enter a nolle prosequi. This morning the Licensing Court will be held, after which the business of the Connty Court will be proceeded with. During the month of August the revenue received into the Treasury amounted to £534,234, an increase of £34,433 on August last year. The customs revenue of £167,975 was an improvement of £14,420; excuse £67,995, an increase of £8413; railways, £192,683, an increase of £13,274; fees, £60,755, an increase of £1832; territorial, £22,145, a decrease of £1061. Amongst the items of customs revenue there were the following increase:—Spirits, £3509; tobacco, £1743; dried fruits, £1476; live stock, £7277; while duties at fixed rates had a decline of £1145. In the excise and inland revenue there were increases in probate duties £12,261, and beer duty £1348; there was a decrease on tobacco, £1592; £2367 in the land tax, and £1261 in selectors’ payments, and an increase of £1525 on stamps. For the two months of the financial year the total was £1,098,084, or £39,605 more than in 1897. Owing to there not being a sufficient number of ballot-papers at the Wanbra booth to meet the demand for the election of local auditor to the Shire of Lexton, the election has been declared null and void, and the retaining officer has taken the necessary steps to have a fresh ballot taken on the 19th inst. Those who intend being present at the South street demonstration and distribution of prizes at the Academy to-morrow night should secure their seats at once, as the reserve list is fast filling. Everything indicates that there will be a record attendance. His Excellency Sir John Madden and a party from Government House, as well as the Hon. Alfred Deakin and a large Parliamentary party, are to arrive by the Adelaide express. They will proceed straight to the demonstration. The Ballarat Fire Brigade station, Barkly street, was visited last night by a large number of members of the Bendigo church choirs that arrived in Bdlarat to take part in the South street competition. The visitors were shown over the station, and greatly admired the appliances and general arrangements that play so conspicuous a part in keeping up the efficiency of the brigade. A meeting in connection with the Wesleyan Foreign Missions was held last night at the Neil street Wesleyan Church. There was a large attendance. Interesting addresses were given by the Rev. W. B. Bromilow, Mrs Bromilow and native students. The reports of the work done on the Foreign Mission fields were of a highly gratifying character, and showed that the doctrines of Christianity are eagerly embraced by the natives of New Guinea. The Society for the Protection of Animals yesterday communicated with the Town Council, asking that body to co operate with the society in securing a suitable honorary agent in Ballarat East, there being no ac- credited representative of the society at present in the Town. The society wishes the council to submit the names of gentlemen who are willing to act in this capacity. The council is also asked to give its active moral support to the society and a contribution to the funds of the organisation. The communication concludes by stating that “ this is the only society whose special province it is to care for man’s humbler servants." The matter will be considered at next Friday’s meeting of the Town Council. A special train arrived from Bendigo last night, conveying the three choirs who are to take part in the South street competition to- night. They were accompanied by a large number of their friends. It is expected that there wilt be an immense gathering at the Academy to night, as a great deal of interest is being manifested in the grand choir contest. Bendigo will be represented by St. Andrew a (Presbyterian), Long Gully Wesleyan, and the Bendigo Choral Society, and Ballarat by the choirs of the Welsh Church. Armstrong street, Primitive Methodist, Peel street, and St. Alpius', Victoria street. Seats may re- served during the day at Herbert’s music warehouse, Sturt street. The committee have made every provision for the seating and comfort of patrons. An interesting and instructive lecture on “ The life and philosophy of Marcus Aurelius" was delivered in St. John’s schoolroom, Soldiers Hill, last night by Mr E. P Date. After a necessarily cursory glance at the times of the great Roman, the lecturer sketched his career fully, and gave a summary and analysis of his “Meditations,’’ winding up with an application of his philosophy to the present time. At the close of the lecture, which was attentively listened to, and frequently ap- plauded, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr Date for his successful effort at enter- taining the audience and adding to their stock of knowledge. A number of residents in Ballarat East are about to be summoned for having failed to have their dogs registered. We have received a copy of the “Williams' Dictionary”—a forty-eight page booklet. It comprises over 10,000 words, compiled from Johnson, Webster, and Worcester, the standard dictionary makers of our language. The Dr Williams’ Medicine Company are the publishers, and the little work, though em- ployed as as(sic) advertising medium, is all that it is represented to be. It bears evidence of the enterprise of the proprietors of Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Over 600,000 copies have been already distributed. Addi- tional copies may be obtained by forwarding twopence in stamps to the Dr Williams' Medicine Company, Sydney. Mr James Coghlan has kindly placed his carriage at the disposal of the South street competition committee, for the use of his Excellency Sir John Madden and party on the occasion of their visit to Ballarat to- morrow. The Adelaide Art Union is advertised in our business columns. There are 100 prizes, the first of which is a Brinsmead piano, value £100. This model was awarded several first prizes at the recent Queensland International Exhibition, and Messrs John Brinsmead and Son guarantee the value of the instrument, which may be inspected at Messrs Brinsmead's agents throughout the colonies. The 100th prize is a latest model of the Remington type- writer valued at £26 10s 9d. This machine may be inspected at the establishment of Messrs Stott and Hoare, the sole agents and importers, throughout the colonies. The total value of prizes is £500, and the tickets are 1s each. The prizes will be delivered free of all charges to winners in any part of Aus- tralasia and New Zealand. This is part of a grand charity carnival recently organised by Mr A. S. Gordon in aid of the Adelaide charities, and is under the patronage of his Excellency the Governor of South Aus- tralia, his Honor the Chief Justice. Archbishop of Adelaide, and other notable personages, the mayor of the city being chairman of the committee. The feature in connection with this art union is that local agents are authorised to hand over 25 per cent. received by them from the sale of the tickets to local charities. Thus purchases of these tickets not only have a chance of winning a desirable prize, but are also assisting our own charities to some extent. The drawing for prizes is to take place on 25th October. The local corps of the Salvation Army has applied to the Town Council for assistance in its proposed scheme for establishing a rescue home for women in Ballarat East, and in its endeavors in relieving distress. The matter will be considered at the meeting of the Town Council on Friday. The many friends of Mr G. Perry, City clerk, will be pleased to hear that his now almost convalencent after his recent dangerous ill- ness. Having obtained leave of absence from the City Council, he is now waiting for the weather to clear up to leave Ballarat for a few weeks in order to thoroughly recruit his health. Mr Peacock, Minister of Education, might have been highly delighted (says a Stawell correspondent) had be been present at the Wesleyan carnival, held there during last week, to see some of the sewing work by State school boys, over which the Minister has re- ceived much badinage. The work of Master Henry J Bacon, eight years of age, a pupil of the Great Western State school, who sent up for the exhibition an infant's pinafore, has evoked a feminine opinion that it would have been highly credible to a girl of fifteen or sixteen years of age. The tucks, gathers, and stitches are said to have been finished "with beautiful accuracy." The benefit to be tendered to ex-Fireman Oakes and family on Friday evening next promises to be very successful. The Male Musical Society will have a final rehearsal on Thursday evening. There will be a torchlight procession headed by Prout's Brass Band prior to the concert. An elderly woman named Teresa Hendry, a resident of Peel street, was treated at the Hospital yesterday for a fracture of one elbow, the result of a fall on some steps. A lad named John Chenery, sixteen years of age, living with his parents in Arthur street, was also treated for an incised wound on the back of one of his feet, which became entangled in some machinery at the Ballarat Woollen Mill. The Ballarat Water Commissioners have issued a notice cautioning persons visiting the water reserves against damaging any wattle or other trees or shrubs. Any persons found disregarding the notice will be prosecuted. Mr Robert Nichol, J. P., of Beckworth Court, who was on Monday elected president of the Talbotshire Council, holds the unique position of being the oldest municipal councillor in the colony. He was first elected in December, 1861 when the council was a road beard, and, with exception of about two months, has held the seat continuously ever since, a period ol 37 years. During this period Mr Nichol has many times occupied the position of chairman, thin being the fourteenth time he has been elected thereto. The successful competitors at the South street competition are requested to obtain their platform tickets for Thursday's demon- stration at the Acadamy of Music to-day between 11 and 12, or in the evening and are also requested to attend at Mr Chuck’s to have their photographs taken. Mr Alexander McKenzie. who arrived in the colony on the 17th April, 1840, and was a ship- mate of the three men who died on the arrival of the Glen Huntly in Port Phillip Bay from typhoid fever, and whose bodies were only re- cently exhumed and reinterred at St. Kilda, died on Sunday morning, at the age of 79 yeas, 58 of which he had spent in Victoria, and 43 in the Kilmore district. Until a month ago Mr McKenzie was hale, hearty, and active, and had frequently redden round his farms 30 and 40 miles a day. A fortnight ago he caught a chill, which brought on bronchitis, to which he succumbed. A farmers’ excursion train from Stawell to Melbourne passed through Ballarat yesterday, conveying about 300 passengers. Although the financial results of last week’s show are considerably below the Royal Agri- cultural Society's council’s anticipations, the receipts for the year are nearly £300 better than they were in connection with the show of 1897. The secretary, Mr Thomas Patter- son, states that the Railway Department’s sales of admission tickets Inst week amounted to £1338 15s, as against £1318 13s 6d last year, being an advance of £20. The tickets sold at the gates and grandstand amounted to £972 5s, as compared with £97 17s 6d for 1897, the advance being very slight. The sale of mem- bers' tickets for this year have been about £200 in excess of last year’s amount, while the private subscriptions and entry fees are about £60 or £70 more than was derived from these sources in 1897. It was on Saturday that the most serious falling off occurred, for on that day the admission receipts were only £453, or £320 less than the amount received on the closing day of 1897. Without counting mem- bers tickets and donations—the full amount of which has not yet been made up—the show receipts last week were close upon £3100, of which over £740 represents entry fees. There has been a rush of applicants for the governorship of the Melbourne Gaol, rendered vacant by the promotion of Mr R. H. Bur- rowes to the police magistracy. Nearly twenty candidates have offered their services, including officers in the general civil service, State school teachers, and officers of the naval and military forces. The applications are in the hands of tho Public Service Board for consideration. The Rev. David Parry will deliver a lecture on "Robert Burns” at the Dawson street Con- gregational schoolroom on Friday evening next, at 8 o’clock. Mr Croft, manager of the Melbourne Elec- tric Telegraph Office, received a message from Longwood yesterday afternoon stating that two distinct earth tremors had occurred at that place shortly after 12 o’clock. The direction of the shocks was from west to east. 