.MAINLY ABOUT PEOPLE. Jimmy " Tyson is the owner of thirty- five stations. The Sultan. of Turkey spends more for his table than any other human being of modern or ancient times — £1000 daily. i'Unlike Governor Jersey, Governor Hamp den doo3 not attend anybody's funernl, but Bohd8-his carriage and an aide. '.Switzerland enjoys the unenviable distinc tion of having a larger percentage of lunatics than any other country. In one canton alone- there are 3261 in a population of 339,000. It was once customary in France when a guest remained too long to serve a cold shoulder of mutton instead of a hot roast. This was the origin of the phrase " To give the cold shoulder." Mr. Thomas Hardy is arranging the mate rials for his new novel, which will, it is said, boar no resemblance whatever, to either "Tess.." or " Jude the Obscure." He is re turning to his old style. The late Nv S. Wales Justice Manning only passed one death-sentence in his career (it wiis not carried out) — that on Willoughby Andrew, for Bhooting draper Bartlett, in King street, Sydney, in March, 1890. Mr. Henry George is in England busily collecting materials for his father's biography. The greit publicist has left some very valu able papers and memoranda, all well arranged and in good order, for whoever should write liia life. ' Wife.y: " Do you think there is a man that could conscientiously say to his wife, ' You,: ace the only woman 1 ever "loved ' " Huijby : " Only one that I can think of." Wi'fey : " Who, you, dearest?" Hubby: "Ob;-: no; Adam." — Boston Traveller. A more pathetic and pitiful figure than that of . the Empress Eugenie in the Paris of to-day -Can scarcely lie imagined. Biwed wifch.ag'', crippled with rheumatism, a wraith oflber former snlf, she haunts the scenes of her- greatness — a ghost in what must be to her a city of ghosts. ,, It._ha.s-.ju8t leaked out (says the Licensing GwMlkih) that Henry Copeland is descended from, a Lord Mayor of London. More than th»t'.' He , is 1 the descendant of the John Copeland who captured David, King of Scot-, land, 'at the Battle of Neville's CrosB, and refused to give him up to Queen Phillips. Mr. ..Rider Haggard's power to write of romantic adventure and hair- breadth escape lias. been developed by. his singularly pic turesque career. He has been wrecked, he lias b"ori attacked by robbers, he has been besiogod by a hostile mob, he has been soL dier, explor'er, and a searcher after lost trea sures. ' ' An Irish Indian chief is something in the way of a novejty. It appears that the Win nebago Indians in the State of Wisconsin (US, A.) chose a new chief .recently. Their choice. tell on a young Hibernian, Thomas Roddy.- by .name. He is the son of Patrick Re'ddy, an Ihdian trader; who iB a native of Limerick,' Why and when did Mr. Clumherlain.take to that eye-glass which he manipulates with such skill 1 According to an occupant of the Opposition front, bench, he first wore it when acting the part of Puff7 in " The Critic," in the course of some private theatricals at Birmingham. Mr. Chamberlain is said to have made a very good Puff indeed. — London J'ujiei;._ An incredible and almost fabulous amount of money has been made by the Divine Sara, and she has prol-ably earned and spent — for alio is .most lavish in her expenditure— more money than any other l'ving actress. In the lusty 30 years she has earned ovpr £500,000. For ten years her-aver.igo gains amounted to £12,000 a year, and for'the last five £20,000 per annum,. Here is a story told of the Princess of Wales/ She was once' shown through the museum of Scotland. Yard, containing the photographs of. bounties rogues, and also' some of Jibe methods, soientifio and legal, for tracjng"'crihie and for punishing it. " It is all very clever," said the kindly Princess, with a' sigh ; ." hut if the world were as anxious to discover and reward the good men as. it is the bid, what a. pleasant place it wjujd bp ! " 'Perhaps it is not generally known that Mr. Thomas Hardy, author of " Far from the Madding Orowd," "Tess of the D'Urber- villes," and other well-known workB, is a keen cyclist.; in fact, cycling is his chief pastime. He does' not smoke, and is almost a total abstainer;'- He has just celebrated his fifty-eighth birthday. " As his' first liter ary efforts were made when he was only eighteen, he has, therefore, had forty, years of'/lite'rury work. , . : Count Mouravieff, Russian Foreign Minis ter, heard at tlie psychological moment in the "Dgotiations of . Queen Victoria's avowed de termination never to R:gn another declaration of war. With t his knowledge, according to Mr. Kinnear, invJL'A; P,\ at command he held the key of the situation in the Far.Eist. He . knewt. that 'Great Britain would not " risk a wir," and, therefore, he read the brave talk .about -the "open door !' with a smile, and received Lord Salisbury's protests thereby as signifying so many pretty phrases. A correspondent tells tho following good story of tlii'-late'-Professor Jowett : — Jowett and jv friend were discussing the rival claims to distinction.' of two old Baliol men, one of whom had become a bishop and the other iv judge. The friend uphold the claim of the bishop, . " For," hei said, "u judge 'can only. sa,y.1'1'lYpu, be hanged !' while a bishop can say ' You be d d.' " " Ah ! " replied Jowett;;. "but- if a judge says, 'You be ha'njjl'tf,'- youi are hangeid ; whereas, if ;a bishop says. ' You he d dj— well, who knows? " 7V- .... - . . ... Rudyurd Kip'ipg, who is now in his 33rd year, is. described 7 |.jy>7a;.lady who recently took L'li.witli: hii|i ftB -a'. rather shy man, un used trf'Svpin :p, :and haying in his mannGr not a singW.jpriic i Qf 't.lie intense, virility of his style "6f7'.wriiing. .He is . slioit' in stature, squarely .bujlty-p(f...a- pule -'.enmpjexion, witli brown hair,' rftther'ihin on the.lop of his fine head. He-is iirarsiglitcd nnd. wears spec tacles. Heis reticent on -first tiequaintance, but his bright; winning humor grows upon upon you and charms you the more you meet him. ,. . . . ; . . .. ; 