TO JERICHO WITH HOLY HOHENZOLLEREN. A MESSAGE FROM MELBOURNE' (From Our Special Correspondent). JERUSALEM, Tuesday. WITH TUB KAISER - DUST IN JERUSA LEM AS IN MELUOUUNE — 1I1D-UEW 1100K.MAKRES TELEGRAPH TO THE HOLY CITY — "A REGULAR SICINKU" — FOQDLIM EXPLAINS — "A REGULAR CROPPER" — TllE EMPEROR SIGHS. 1 Joined the party of Imperial pilgrims to-duy, and set out with them on their journey to Jericho. I declined a seat in the carriage of Stale, preferring to ride ' through the streets of Die JIuly City (on | u colt, the foul of an uus) In advance uC that vehicle. In the carriage of State, which was I drawn by six magnificent English bays, and which dashed through the streets of Jerusalem at an Imposing pace— were seated their Imperial MuJcHtL-s, ilerr ' von Hulow, Foodlim Pasha, the Count und Countess PuUdor.dorf, Mr John Cook, und a member of the royal body guard, j j The day was close and muggy, with a | strong wind blowing from the north, und the dust was so Intense that it was found necessary to keep the windows of the Stulc carriage closed during the journey. I had an Inti-risting chat with Count Puddendorf, who got down for a , long beer at Hethlehom. Ills Highness bad travelled a good d<v>l In the Mouth Pacific Islands and Au:t alia, and fjund him a courteous, weU-inlormed gentle man. He told me that he considered the dust to be as bad lu Jerusalem as It was la Ids time at .Melbourne; but I am In clined to think that Puddendorf was ; exaggerating. For my own part, L pre- j fer Jerusalem to the Queen City of the South— when the wind Is from the north. We arrived at Jericho at 4.10 . (Mel bourne time). The Imperial earrings came to a halt so suddenly that the KuLserln was pitched from her scat Into the capacious hip of the Counters Pud dendorf. The Knlsorln remarked, "I ' had closed tny eyes, and was dreaming I that 1 was back In my beloved Futher- | land," Tho Countess Puddendorf, a most amiable nnd nlTcetlonalc lady, pressed the Empress tenderly, as she made a suitable response. Mr John Cook In formed me, when we got to Jericho, that the mishap was occasioned by a deep rut In the road overlooked by the muni cipal council, and Herr von Bulow states Unit the Incident has no pollLicul slgnl- (Icancc. I The Kaiser alighted from the carriage i In the main street of the town,' and | stepped upon n platform of Lebanon j cedar, erected by the local Janissary, to I enable him to address the Inhabitants of I Jericho with advantage. There wns a croft of Jordan water— which your Dr I Grcsswell would have regarded with ti I critical eye— to oil the throat of the dls- . tlngulshcd speaker; and a pretty table of scented wood for his Majesty's notes. !Tho arrangements, under tho personal j supervision of Foodlim Pasha (Turkish Governor of Jrnleo), were Indeed perfect.. At tho request of the Kaiser, his Ex- : eellency Foodlim Pasha (who Is shortly to be created Governor of Crete, ns a mark of the SuHun's appreciation of his valu able services in connection with the pre-, sent Imperial Itinerary) took the chair, nnd briefly explained the object of the Kaiser's visit. ' The Governor's speech 1 was received with prolonged cheering. William II. followed, with nn Impas sioned address (the particulars- of which j I will withhold till to- morrow on account j of the pressure on your space .to-day), the 'delivery of which evoked great en thusiasm. Cries or "P'fRnnnah In Hie II 'ghost." and "AHah-cKBHInl,"/ 'made tho' welkin ring. - The excitement of the- I simple Jewish peasantry touched the , Kaiser, and the once haughty monarch wept! I As the Pilgrims were about to return j to Jerusalem, a telegraph messenger, j who had followed the party from - the Holy City (on a camel) delivered a„tele- ' grain to- Foodlim .Pasha, .which his Ex cellency passed on' to the Kaiser. It wns from the Hebrew bookmakers of Mel bourne, and wlis dated from the Race course, Flemlngton. The message was worded as follows:— "We beg to congru- Uilnto yourself and the Empress on your visit to our nnllvc town, nnd wish 'you a i prosperous and pleasant Journey In . tho ' Holy Land. The Cup to-duy wns a re- | gulnr pklnnor for. the hooks." William II. was rather puzzled about I the Inst sentence in the cablegram, until i-Fnodllm Pasha (who knows u thing or two of racing), remarked, "It mcnna,may It please your; Mujcsty. that the public has come a! cropper,, iui usual." Tlw Imperinl Pilgrim (who Is believed to have. had a trllle on the favorite) heaved a deep sigh as ho look his Beat In the carriage, and tlio home Journey began. . 