COIWnPEETE story. [published BY SPECIAL AERAL"GEJ£EN*T.] QUESTIOH f E1E8CEJ ALEXIS KRAUSSE, A.uthor o£ "The Theory of Samson Yeld,' &CM; &C.; [C0PY2IQHT.] We had finished dinner,. and had drawn round the blazing log fire. The shutters bud not been closed, and as I sat outside the semicircle close by the countess's elbow, I watched the heavy bunds of fleecy clouds which a north- west • wind was driving acroa the limb of an autumnal moon. The subject had been started by the doctor, who had volunteered a ghost story, and this had led to a discussion in the course of which it transpired that we all. hod just a tinge of superstition in our compositions. All with one exception—for Sirs. Grimstone had not . I bad observed, however, that while apparently gazinginto the fire, and devoting all her attention to tha sparks which now and then sailed up as- the wood crackled and shifted in the grate, she was listening in tently to the remarks being made, and as the countess ventured the dogma chronicled above, I gathered by the change in the ex pression ;of-tbe face opposite me she was about to break silence with a purpose. 441 cannot say that I agree with you," said Mrs. Grimstone, in that- sweet, subdued voice of hers, <f but it has more than once occurred to me that many dreams are reality, and that some deficiency in our perceptions causes us to think them unreal." " 44 My dear Philippe," replied the countess, 4t whatever* brought- you to think such a thing?"' . ' " That involves the telling of a story, and a long one," said Mrs. Grimstone*. 441 cannot fell you what it was. .1 could only relate to you the circumstances and leave you to classify them for yourselves. And as the story is not a pleasant one I do not know that I should care to tell it." 44 You are very cruel to thus excite our appreciation in order only to disappoint us," cried the journalist, who never lost a possible opportunity of acquiring copy. 44 And wasting a perfect4 mise. en scene* for a mystery tale," put in the countess. "See, the fire is going down ; we are in serai darkness. Listen to the wind, it is blowing a gale. We shall find some trees down in the morning, and there's your moon ready to give a finishing touch to the picture." 44 It is manifestly ordained that you should hold us spellbound," I pleaded. Thus appealed to, she turned her beautiful pale face towards us as though with ah effort, and appeared to debate within herself before refusing our request. But suddenly her face brightened. * 44 I will tell you tho story if you would really like to hear it," she said, 44 but It is not a pleasant one to listen to. It has been the banc of my lifo for fifteen years." Then she paused awhile, and turning her face towards the countess she settled herself on the low bench on which she was seated, as we all instinctively drew in a little and prer pared to listen intently. 44 You are most of you doubtless acquainted with tho circumstances of my husband's death. Such things are not easily forgotten It is close on twenty years ago since it hap. t pened, but the fact remains. "But you are probably not aware of thd reasons for bis having committed tbe fatal act. It is necessary that I should refer to. them. The subject is a most painful one, * as you will understand. He tooic his own life rather than suffer disgrace. _ We were comparatively poor, and had losses ; and in. & mad moment my husband had got into tho • clutches of a usurer. "He had met the man at the houso of an acquaintance. He was an elderly man with a hook hose and a very long white beard. I ' took such a strong dislike to him the first ,. 'J timo we met that I avoided him as far as • I r could whenever he fell in my way. He was* evidently, well- to-do, and lived in good style, though exhibiting intense vulgarity in all his surroundings. He was always tnlkiug about himself, ontl the many influential people ho /•. know, and was most objectionably familiar . with every woman he came across. He was , altogether the most loathsome person I huve : ever met and to make his appearance cspe- •• ciully disagreeable he had a peculiar weti-like protuberance on his throat just under his chin. It was like" a tnrkey's wattle, and it was evidently to hide this that he wore so long a beard." • J We • sat motionless as Mrs. Griinstons paused in her recital. Her story had already engrossed our attention, and the well chosen words in which she told it were almost fasci-. - mihng in their simplicity. "This roan boasted of being a member ot ; several' West End clubs; he belonged to a . city company of which bo was shortly to become master, he also lent money to. bis friends?, so he said to my husband on moro tban ono occasion: and one fatal day Paul went to him and borrowed £500. I never saw the papers he signed, and could never find out what the terms were, but I do know that in the course of four weary years of . harrowing suffering and constant slow tor ture, he succeeded in squeezing moro than six - hundred out of my husband in eonstaiit in stalments and forfeits ou account of interest ' alleged to be due, whilo the original bill remained in tho usurers hands. The fiend - used often to comeand see Paul, uhd when he was ont insisted on seeing me.. And he used to keep reminding me during hi^bateful visits that be conld ruin my husband and sell my home if ho liked. So I was compelled to receive him and to be civil, until his per secution became acute and his •attentions so intolerable that I rang the bell and ordered; him out of the house.. " I did not dare to tell my husband what ; bad haopened for fear of what lie might do. Nor did I then realise what was occurring. . But too late I found that upon leaving our " house, the villain hud written to Paul to say that unless the full amount of the bill were • paid forthwith he would ruin him. " George shot himself that night." She paused a moment, but the only emotion, she showed betrayed itself in the increased brightness of her eyes, which seemed to bo flashing'in the dim light. . . • ; . He left two.letters, written the afternoon of1 fhat'day. ' One was , addressed to tho man who murdered him, the" other to me. Iu my letter he explained that the course ho hud taken was the only one possible to savo me ' from disgrace. He reasoned that tho villain] : would not dare to sue his executors for money] which hud already been raoxe than repaid. And the event proved he was right. . Tho' murderer had the infamy to send a wrcatli of flowers with his card to my honsc. % "That was twenty years ago. Ethel was ~ vet a child, and she was my only comfort. I • left town with her and lived quietly in.' Switzerland for four years. "Wo caroo back, just'before the unexpected death, of my cousin, and I succeeded to the property too: late to enjoy it. But Ethel was growing up; and I hod* to go about for her sake; and thus it was that we went to join the house . party at Lady Glover's. You all know her - place and what a curious assortment of : people one meets there. We found tho - Chase' rather fall and sat down twenty to - dinner. But the gaiety of the party and the constant round of entertainment amused Ethel, and I did not regret having come. " On the second day wc went with a merry party for a drive to Crosby Ahboy, and on/ ", the homeward journey one of the horses fell and broke its knee; 60 we were delayed and had to walk back fonr miles, only getting. home just in time for dinner; and when wa . got into the drawing-room the visitors wero already' going out... There had been' soma fresh arrivals in the afternoon, and my atten tion was claimed by an old Acquaintance who took me in to dinner. I didn't see who it was took Ethel,' bat I just saw tho butterfly in her •hair. as. she went into; tho -room. The dinner was iiettcr than usual, but ' J ]u;1] 110 appetite, and, felt indisposed. ' An overwhelming wave of depression had sud denly descended on me. It was quite useless ihrfiting'against ,3iy neighbour noticed it " indeed; and teased me about being so triste. I could only make apologias and say that I 'had tile- toothache, and immediately Lady Glover rose I hurried out of tho room and went upstairs, threw myself on my bed, and gave way to a hysterical lit of weeping. M This relieved me, and after an hour or so I went doivnstairs and entered tho drawing : roam; y[y absence bad not been noticed. • I found the gentlemen had been in some time. Someone lmd been playing, and everybody seemed to be in high spirits. 44 I exchanged a few words with old Mrs. Moncrieff, who was over ninety, and had known my mother, when she was a little girl. *VVc spoke of old times and tiling?, and then shusuidto me, '-What a graceful creature your little yirl has grown. I have been ad . miring ber ever sinco dinner. But who is that . old gentleimm she is talking to V . . " lieu, I glanced' round tho room and saw Ethel seated at'a table, idly turning over an album of views, sis she-chatted with her ■ father's murderer !*' " At this juncture Mrs. Grimstoue drew her seat a little nearer the fire as though feeling cold. . Tho journalist cleared -his throat' in . order to remind its that^ho was taking it all ini and the countess fanned herself to couccal her anxiety. V " I had great difficulty in keeping my self-possession. . My first impulno"was to do. . something drcadfal. Then it occurred to me that this man, though morally the murderer of my husband, was legally a tower of com mercial probity; an ornament to tho. city, t yoU know. I could not charge him with any \crirae, and to have made a scene would have -been.extremely ill-bred, and have served to rake up tho forgotten . tragedy in my life. But to sco Ethel confidentially talking to. the —man—-taking an evident pleasure in his com r pariionship—was too frightful. Hevftis cer . tainly: no fit companion for vany decent woman, I knew that. And my Ethel was . an unusually simple-natured girl. , " " "So I told Mrs. Moncrieff that I did not \- kuoy who the person was, and tried to catch Ethel*# attention, to beckon her to me. • But . - she'was so engrossed iu ber conversation £iat •I could not. ^ \- "'Arid I did not dare go and confront the old: man. • I could not trust myself. The horror of the situation overwhelmed me. I ■ made sorao excuse to my companion and crossed tbc room to where my hostess was ~ sitting. ' I noticed as I did so that the horrid wen was visible behind the villain's beard. - * "I asked Lady Glover who tho man was. She answered ms with a significant smile.. > •«4 He is a friend of Sir George Wraggles,' ..she told me.' 'His name is > Joshua or Joseph, something beginning with a J. It may be Judos, I don't remember. But Sir George said he was a great friend of his. He is on some of liis companies, and all that sort <5f thing;, so Isaid he could bring bim ; and \- here he U—quit^i character, don't you think so? liicy say he is very rich.' ";I slunk away feeling unutterably wretched, but was cheered when young .Richard Bahaain accused me of trying to cut him/ Ho was always a protege of raino, and had only' just got his commission for the Royals. I reassured him and packed him off to rescue Ethel and bring ber to me. She appeared surprised .at my message, but rose and came to me net looking best pleased at being separated from an amusing <*>mpanion. 4 lie is so very fuuny,' she re . ranked, 4 so vulgar and so conceited, and he -talks about nothing but.his set, and the upper ten. I never met anything so grotesque. He fancies himself u sort of George IV.' .. ^ " I thought it wisest not to tell her any thing, and so explained I thought it would be nico if we were to tako a walk in the park. It was a perfect night, and full moon, aud I : added that I was sure that Mr. Bahnain would be our escort. My propositi was agreed to, and we all went out and strolled down the " avemiu and under the beeches, which you know at Braxtcth aro famous. We stayed ; out quite an hour, and then went in again ; but I pleaded fatigue, and so went straight ^ upstairs with Ethel, and begging her not \ to go down again we said good night, and ; went to. our rooms, which joined and com • monicated by a door from one to the other. : "I undressed; but felt that I could not go to sleep, so I took a book, and shtrU-dto read. But - my thoughts kept wandering, and I found myself aoeingan old man's face with a white beard, and then the beard would appear parted in tho middle, showing the wrinkled bag of. flesh which hung beneath. \- And tbe wicked black eyes stared at me, and the bushy white eyebrows contracted, until ut length I felt I could stand it no longer, and flinging down my hook I went into the uextroum to seek the companionship of EtheL " She wus in bed and asleep. I stood by the bed ond admired her face. It bore tho expression of snch simplicity and sweetness— remember, it is fifteen years ago that I am speaking of." " Tho reminderis unnecessary, my dear," interpolated the countess, *4 Ethel is still both simple and sweot, (as well as beautiful; marriage has not spoiled her a bit. Sho takes after her mother." Mrs. Grimstono did hot appear to have noticed tho compliment but continued her recital. "Where was I? Oh. yes. Ethel was sleeping peacefully, and I hesitated to rouse her. And as I stood by her bedside ponder "'5 T heard a slight rustling sound over by the heavy wardrobe. I started aud turned and saw what I had not noticed before, a small piece of something white on the floor. M I went aorojw the room and picked it up. It was a piece of paper folded up small, aud it had juafc been put under the" door leading to the corridor.- : ; ' " I felt overcome with agitation. I tried tho door and found that Ethel had looked it. This reaa>mred me. I wont qoiotly back.into my own room, opened tho paper undor tho electric light, and read its contents. * " It waa an. assignation for. that night. Unsigned, but plain enough for me.' It gave, instructions a-s.to the meeting- placo—the last door on the left of the corridor by the oriel window!" The speaker hesitated, and turning horface for the first time away from us, peered into, the glowing emb-rs in the sinking fire. Then she • resumed, appearing to. obtain inspiration from her reverie. "I had thought that I had learned the dep$h of this man's villainy—for of course tho note could have been written by no one else. I paced my room in an agony of help lessness. What could I do ? Ij5uyo the place ? ' My doing so would appear sus picious and got Ethel talked about. Warn tho „ vi]]ain ? It would surely bo useless. Confide in our hostess? To create a scandal, und perhaps break up the party. No! It was better for mo to do nothing. But Ethel —I had surely the right to protect my child! " I flung myself on the bed. I faueica I could hear the throbbing of toy temples. I thought such thoughts as I dare not recall. I conjured up expedients such as are only possible to. a'desperate woman. I cannot tell how long I lay thus. But when I looked at my watch'it pointed to half-past one. I read the note again. . It named two o'clock. "Then I had a new idea. And as it matured in my tvain L felt I should acton, it. My mind was mado up, I would end the tension, and protect my child.' "iToseand quietly unlocked tho door. I ?eered out along the corridor. All was still. went, out and closed the door without making a sound. I turned towards the great oriel window, through which the moon beams fell in brilliant opalescent tints upon the oaken floor. I paused involuntarily, roused by the peaceful beauty of the vista closed in many yards away by that wonderful window. • " Then I crept, along on tip-toe, until I bad reached the cud. I noticed by u glimmer under the lost door that there was still a light burning in the room. I paused a moment, nerved myself for the effort I was about to make. Cautiously I grasped the handle tightly, and slowly turned it, so slowly as not to make the slightest sound. And then I opened tho door and peeped in. "It was his room. The murderer stood with his back to me before a swing glass ; be was dressed in bis dinner things. He held a pair of scissors in. his hand, with which he was trimming his beard. " It was the opportunity of a lifetime. My opportunity! Aud i took it! I ran at him, and before be knew that ho was not alone, I had seized him by the throat. He didn't call out. He hadn't time. With all the strength of a madwoman I stuck my fingers into his neck until I felt the muscles give. And then I pulled him down until he came on hi's back, my knees on his chest - and my nails dug deep into his flesh.. "Slowly his features became more and more distorted. His eyes opened wider and wider. His face turned paler thou ever. Then suddenly it began to swell. His eyes became prominent, and his tongue found its way through his teeth, and he had ceased even to attempt to struggle. Still clutching at his throat I glanced aronud. We were quite alone, he and I, and his reckoning hud come. ' * Then I saw the scissors ha had held, lying by bis «id6. It appeared providential. I renounced the hold of one band, watching him carefully the while. But he didn't move, and his face grow more livid, more swollen, and more hideous every second. Without removing my gaze I felt for tho scissors and found them. I grasped them firmly. I passed thcra under tho long white beard. Bnt I could uot effect my purpose with one hand. So carefully, grudgingly, I withdrew the other from his throat. Still he didn't move, but I noticed the imprint of my fingers on his neck. Then I touched the horrid thing that hud caused rao disgust so often. But it didn't shock me now. I had a mission to perform and was busy. I held the thing in my. left hand, and then stuck; the pointed blado of the scissors through it with my might. As I did so the body twitched. Then I closed tho scissors quickly !" , The countess drew her breath convulsively, and I felt the back of her chair*shake as she shuddered. The journalist covered his face with his hands. But the little lady with the gray hair continued to gaze at tho embers, and went on in her silvery voice. " I rose and looked at my work. I felt light-hearted, for my husband was avenged, and my daughter protected. Aud I was quite joyous as I watched a little wavy line of red creep.down the embroidered'shirt, tinting the diamond stud on its way, until it began to add a now hue to the faded carpet. "I approved ray work and felt relieved. Ani theu I turned to go. And as I did so I reccniised that my Nemesis had overtaken me. • " I was about to leave the room, and was already at the door. I lialf- involuntarily turned to take one lust look at my work, and struck by the bideousuess of tho bloated fea | tures, for they had swelled almost imrae j diately, I returned and, taking a towel from the horse, I covered the faceup. Then I saw his features peering at me from out the looking-glass by which be had stood when I 'seized him. " My heart stood still. I looked again. There, all agog, with a look of horror on his face, there, as though in the act of falling backwards was tho counterfeit of tho thing which now lay on tho floor, j I- rubbed ray eves and looked again, I :dftg my nails into my flesh, and yet1' it peered. I took my handkerchief ana rubbed the mirror. But tbe.ghoatly features still fixed mo with their gaze. • "Then I became desperato. On the dress ing table were a pair of heavy silver candle sticks. I staggered across the room and seizmg.one, with all my might I dashed it at the mirrored,bead.;' 44 There was ^a crash. The glass cracked, from its centre'in all directions, and the great I plate flewTn a thousand fragments, covering I tho thing which lay at its base: and I noticed I tlmfc every little splinter had its portion " ' counterfeit presentment upon it. 44 Then I lost consciousness. Nor do 11 remember anything raoro until I found myself | in bed, with Ethel, fully dressed, bending *^I was puzzled to find her appearing anxious about me, and her answers only sur prised rae the more.' I learned from her that she hod been awakened shortly after one o'clock by my talking in iny*sleep. She bad come to me, but coul'd not rouse me. She remained by my side, and "she related bow for more than an hour I had muttered and tossed about as if I had been in a high fever. Then I bad become quieter and dropped into a heavy sleep. Poor Ethel had sat dozing in ray room all night, and was much terrified, as you may Imagine. 44 And then I realised that it had all been a dream. . But it was so vivid* that every little detail was engraved on my memory. "BntI dared not .speak of what I had dreamed: so I said I bad bad. a nightmare, but could not recall what it was about, and got up aud dressed."; . 41A most horrible dream it was," said the countess. 441 don't ever-remember having haan SA infflrac+twl «» been so'interested." .44 It was enough to destroy one's reason," said the journalist. 14 But, after all," I added, 44 it was only a j i dream." j "There is a little more to be told, "said Mrs. I j Grimstone. 44It was, as you say, only a dream. I i ButT have not yet told yon the end. Owing ! to my having slept so'late we did not get down to breakfast until most of the others had finished, and we took ours in company with two or three other late risers whom we did not know very well. As. soon as we had finished we went out into the great hall to see what the arrangements were. I did not feel very well after my bad night, and hoped there would be a driving party. We found knot of men in the ball gathered together discussing something of evident importance. As we appeared the men separated, audi several came to meet us with the usual greet ings. But I bad seen enough to know there was something very interesting and important going on, so I took young Balmain's arm and led bim down the steps on to the terrace, and asked him if there was any startling news. He endeavoured to evade the question, bat on my pressing him he owned that there was. 44 'The fact of the matter is,' Lesaid, 4if you really want to know,' that something has happened to one of our party. At least, as be was staying in the house, 1 suppose he was one of the party. An old gentleman, a friend of Sir George Wraggles; they arrived to gether yesterday; anyhow, he has died sud denly.'" 44 The news didn't startle me in the least, neither did it shock me. 4 Died, you say V I remarked. 4 What did he die of ?'" " ,. ««'Pon my word I can't say,* replied Mr. j Balmoin. . 4 He didn't come down to break fast. No one would have missed hini bad not Sir George asked where he had got to. And then one of the maids said she had been I knocking at his door for half an hour and couldn't get any answer. So the butler went j up and they broke his' door open, and found j him dead.' . ' • 44 4 Or murdered,' I suggested. 44 4 What makes you say that?' he replied. 4 No,' he added, after a pause. - 4 He wasn't murdered, because his door was locked on the inside and his windows were shut and fastened. But if you really want to know, I am told he committed suicide.' 441 felt overcome, but curiosity got the better of me. I felt I must know everything 4 How did he kill himself ?' I demanded. 44 4 Tho butler tells me ho cut his throat with a pair of scissors,' he said, with a shudder, 4 and it's a most extraordinary thing that he didn't rouse the whole house, for as he fell he knocked over a glass which is broken into bits. It must have made a terrific noise. But then tho next room was empty, which I suppose accounts for it.' 44 That is all," added Mrs. Grimstone, as we sat without breaking silence. 44 Tho necessary forms were gone through, of course, with duo consideration to our feelings. The body was removed to the village inn, where it was shown beyond doubt that Hr. Joseph— that was his name—had accidentally cut himself with a sharp pair of scissors while trimming his beard. This was proved heyoud question by the fragments of white hair they found on the floor, and the scissors which were discovered still' lying "beside the body, and everybody was satisfied. "I could not brine: myself to go to the. Chose for years after that night. "But just I after Ethel's marriage I was lonely, and was j persuaded to go aud stay with Lady Glover for a while. She is a sort of distant connec tion on my mother's side, you know. It was on the second night of my visit I happened to be in the librarv and chanced on a book which was placed on the shelf upside down. The gilt being reversed caught my eye, and I took the book out of its place and turned it. As I did so a piece of paper fell out. It was tho assignation I had picked up in Ethel's room that awful night. I have it still. 44 Then the question struck me with its full force, How much of that night's work was reality, and how much of it a dream ? "Was it mere..imagination on my.part, or was " Second sight," prompted the journalist, na Mrs, Grimstone hesitated. "Hallucination," suggested the doctor. " A. curious coincidence,*?-1 remarked. . " Reality,** muttered the countess, with a 9igh. "Now let us go and get some tea." ^ 