the light that cast 2to sb ado w- Carioms stories are told aboot the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who lire op among the Himalaya out. tains. These old men, it is' saidi, have devoted scores of years so the ssiidy of natural laws and fomes, which tie rest of ths world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the adepts," these queer Hindus are calilei, for the purc-ose of finding out the secret of their ra- t-arcable nerfonaanaes. IbeT treated him xather serurvily. but interested him all the same. One day the profesrr wanted to examine tome ancient Sanscrit manuscripts. An adept went with hitu.to a cave wherein the books were kept.- The . place was dark as the bottom of a weiL ' I can't see to read here,' said the risitor. \- Tie- we will have s-tene light.' was the reply, - and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He c.uJd not- set J whence it came, but be noticed that it had one Etrnge quality — it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a hard story to belieTe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of Tast learning and high character, and yon who now read it lave no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen btve cast shadows. Belief or unbshef commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr Jobnsn sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earibquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when frienos tell him of a medicine which they belieTe will make him well What else but doubt could result from his ex perience! lake an example: — \- In tee spring of 1 6tS,' writes our correspondent, ' I fell into a low. weak and languid state. 1 felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first- my stomacn was deranged, my apperite poor, and after eating I had pain "and weight at the chest. I was much troubled witb wind, and frequently spat up a scar fluid, also bitter bile. Later on X suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up wiib my work but had always a sense c-f dis comfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, no-hii.g that I tcok relieving me. At last I heard of other -i-edge s yrnp, and pro cured a supply. After I hit taken only a few dos-s I f end relief ; my f cd digested, and grtojeahy all nervousness left me. A 1 ib'-ngh i had no reavm at first to fesei my confidence in this medicine, never having use: r. or seen it used, I , now gladly admit its value, "and its pawer orer dis-ase. .iiaoe my recovery, for which" 1 thank Mother eirei "i Curative Syrup, I hi re been in ths ' test of iseslth an-: spirits, in the interests of sui- testimuny. trust) I>. Grirttif, tiLcr and c-trjft-ter, ill. Hockey Hiii. Burning hs.-r June ocn, 1:3a." there is'a great deal cf dtuervnuie toawten Jtr GrSth ' canuii letter and 'the stciy abnu: the light that cast no shaic-w. The latner may be true trouble than i; is wtcuh." _On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, -who wiii answer letters oi intuiry, can -be found at has ai tresa r". :a."y. there is nothing mysti; cr mamcai homes where thiiess arid pain had cast Bum dark j tuu tec:itytng shadows. And th at is why t-eopie j teiiewe a_ that is colt «f its success by eager 