SHORT STORIES A GHOSTLY YISITANT. I was a medical student in London, attending the lectures at dear old Bart's, and looking fovrward to being the possessor of a snug little practice, which, for family reasons;:. I, could al most already call my oawn. '. -It wanted but a few days to Christmnas '"874, and I intended to pass that season with an aunt in Hun.t.ingdonshire. On the 22nd I packed my bag, and in ..due time arrived at Oakshott, as my relative called her house--regarding which Miss Betsy T'otwood might have enquired, "Why Oakshott?" it bk ing named on the lucius a non lucendo principle, as there was not an oak wit?tin a. hile of it. The old lady met me in the entrance hall, and,'gave me an effusive greeting; so gushing was it that, although we were. -the best of friends, and I could always consider her home mine, I could not help fancy ing there must be some unusual cause for the delight she evinced. 'Afiter supper the .truth.' came out. "Phil, dear," she said, "I'm more than glad to see you this time. You' know you are always welicame; but.,what yea don't know is that either 'my' 'intellect is failing or that there is a-a ghost in the house! Yes; don't stop me, or I shall break down.; I know I shall. It is very, very stupid; but I can't help it. And oh! Phil, Phil, my dear, dear boy-" and she burst into a flood of tears. I made some oomimonplace re marks to pacify her, wondering all the while what the deuce it could: be, and whether it was really a. case, of "a bee in a bonnet." By and by hler hysteri cal fit subsided, and my aunt was able to give me a rational apcoint of her trouble. It seemed that for some nights past, after she had gone to sleep, she had been awakened by something tugging at the bed clothes. On one occasion the eider down quilt and the covering next to it had been actually pulled off, and 'had fallen on the floor. Naturally Miss Rachael-thait was her name-was very much !frightened, but, neverthe less, each time she got up, lit her candle, and made a thorough search of the room, discovering nothing, how ever, to explain the mystery. Her door was fast locked and bolted on the in side, the shutters were securely closed, and there was not a crevice in the apartment that she ha~d not carefully explored to see if a living bird or ani mal had been concealed there, but all in vain. I should say that my aunt, though wealthy, had only a .small es'tablish ment, consisting of two elderly female servadts, and t'hese I well. knew could be entirely depended upon. They slept on 'the first floor, at the back of the house, overlooking the garden, and the servants' quarters were on the storey above. The front of the house, com pletely furnished, ,should need arise, was almost always unoccupied, and, owing to the peculiar construction of the building, the only other room at the back on 'the same level as my aunt's was the plahte closet, where some hun dreds of ounces of silver, most of it antique and of great value, were stored. I had often endearvoured to persuade her 'to deposit this at her banker's, but she always objected to do so, alleging that it was one of her-chief pleasures to look after the various articles, her self, and to see that not a speck was alloweld to' tarnish their elegance. After Miss Rachael ha4 told me her story, I fancied I could see clearly that no supernatural agency had been at work, and yet I was puzzled to, account for the fact that her chamber had cer Qtainly not been entered, and that .ne living being had been "lying low" in it. The elucidation. of the diffoulty was, I felt convinced, 'to' be found ir connection with the plate closet, and I begged my aunt to allow me to pass the night in that retreat. After some hesitation she consennted, and when bedtime came I made myself as com-, fortable there as I could with the as, sistance of a sofa, chair, plenty of eggs, and a modicum .f-well, no'dtl. water alone. My only stipulation was that my aunt's door should be left unfas tened. I must have dozed off and oni for a couple of hours, when I was arousee by a piercing scream; and "Phil! Phil!" in an agonising tone sounded in my ears. I rushed out of the plate room; crossed . the narrow passage which separated 'it from the bed chamiber, and in a moment was in the latter. 'As I entered something be. came entangled in my legs, and I nearly fell. But in that second I heard a slighit scufile outside the window, and dash ing open the shutters I caught sight of a man m.aking tracks for the end of the garden. I had my revolver in my hand, and fired, bringing down the quarry. The shot attracted the atten tion of the village' policeman, who hap pened to be close at hand, and between us the wounded man, who proved to be a ne'er-do-well of the locality, was safely housed. I then had time to devote at.tention to Miss Rachael, who; it may easily be believed, was not a" little alarmed. But her satisfaction in finding that she had neither been the victim of a mental malady nor of a ghostly visitant ten ded greatly to quiet her -nerves, and she was completely reassured when we discovered how thle! trick had been worked. ' That which had caused me to, stumble just inside my aunt's door ,turned out to be a fine, but very rigid, steel wire, on'e end having been split in three, ana each point benit down and sharpened, so that an exact resemblance .of a" uird's claw -was produced. The window and shutter being not only ol-d-fashioned but old had left sufficient space ait the corner next to the hinge to allow this instrument to be .inserted and pushed forward until the forked end rested on the bedclothes. A little manipulation enabled the man outside, who stood on a. short ladder, to pull off the coverlet by means of the claw, and, then quickly to disengage and withdratw the wire. Of course, directly he heard the sound of matches being struck inside, pre paratory to, the lighting of the candle, he vanished, only to return and repeat the operation on the following night. This was the substance of the confes sion made by our prisone.r, who alleged that it was his design, by these means, so to work upon 'my aunt's fears thiat as I verily believe slhe would have done, had not I fortunately succeeded in un ravelling the mystery-she would have changed 'her sleeping, apartment to. the front of the house, when he would have had the opportunity he desired, of gain ing free access to the back- including the plate closet. On ,the folloiwing morning whenr I went to. breakfast an envelope with a '£10 note was on my pla.te.-"St. An drew's Magazine." 