[Copyright.] THE TESTIMONY 9F ESTHER SANDYS. 3y .ROMA WHITE. CHAPTER i.: There is in Low Furness-a village built on tlie margin of a tarn. The cottages are old and grey, with roundod wiliimnoy-sfcacki). arid outer staircases of "worn, jnoksy.. stone; tall reeds belt the water, and .yellow flowers, in their season, blossom among the green. The hamlet is lapped in sloping clover fields and deep cool hazel copses: on the eastern side a fell, overgrown with.brackon and sprinkled with sheep and limestone boulders, divides . it from an arm of the sea. To this village— LittleTarnsido is its name'— tlie mor'mngs'acd' evenings of summercomeiri dew ahdpucCutue, . and with song of birds. The smell of the waves never reaches it, but storm brings tbo j wailing of Clio sea gulls and the white glint of.| their restless wings among 'the ;' clouds, j ■ Frosty autumn twilight woos_t.hu lonely fluting of the robin; and spring-dawns echo to the whistle of thtf.tlirudli.j'* V*' A certain April'' day/ in-:th8%ekjsEZ89;v broke with sparkle and fragrance over the ferny moor. The floating mists of night' rose from the glittering surface of the tarn ; and the larks sprang upwards on illl sides 'from " the pastures. Down the straggling Ti,o'tut_iJ£. the village boys and girls began to pitsa in groups; the former clad in their Sunday suits of fustian,-"the latter- wearing red cloaks and either high white caps or spread ing hats. These children moved towards tlie 1 Church which stood at one end of the tarn, half hidden by trees of cypress and yew. Among the moving figures was tliat of ad old man with rosy puckered face, thin hair and irresolute lips; he was accompanied by a young girl, fresh, slim, and upright-,as a , growing birch tree, whose appearance at tracted some attention from the villagers as she passed among them. A. group of children, who fpugHt over li . kitten upon a door step, desisted from their play to gaze at this girl. From gazing they took to pointing, and a.whispcrratC through their ranks, bursts .of childish laughter ac companying it. The girl heard, and flushed deeply; "but she threw up her small-chin in defiance of-the pointing fingers, ;.nd marched on without altering her pace. The old man' turned, shoot both, bis head arid" his stick at the children,; aiid then hurried after his com panion. The Vicar of Little Tarriside, who sat in the window of the Parsonage, pushed' open the casement, and leant out. Overhearing. what it was that passed from mouth to mouth he vanished from the window, only to re | appear, with lowering brows andjlaurishing cane at the door. At the Bightof the-parson's .j etick the children scat tered like rabbits: for , -in tliose days offenders were summarily dealt ' with by their village pastor, who was a tine specimen of the. Church Militant. AVlien the small sinners liad dispersed, the Vicar | smoothed his brows, took off'tflo'weaver's" apron which lie .wore, and returned into the house. " What's to do 7" aslted his wife. " Those ill-mannered bsatB,aro;.scoffing.. atv Esther Jupp again." J'S " Aye, they've picked up"*thistory 'that Bhe's a fine gentleman's child,.1 suppose. 1 wonder how much truth thfcre ifi'in that, Matthew?" ' " There's no telling, Mdry. "• iJ'^let^rao seo—how many years 'sinca/ Jerry- came hero 7" "'It'll bo seven come Michaelmas; ' Esther1 was a bit of a lassie then. It was queer that, the tale ^hauld follow them-^up .from Lym-; scot." , .i. : "There's something about Esther that isn't like the other village girjs. . ftjaybe that's how it arose. But Jerry is very short to 'ariy onowho asks questions.". '.' Well, it's his business, and no one else's, I'suppose. Is he going to be confirmed with the children to-day 7" " Yes. He told mo a week ago that he quite understood now confirmation was something more than the charm against smallpox, or ghosts." " Do you walk all the way to Overstone?" " Aye, .as. soon as I have-read, prayers here." • . ...... •. ■• The day was-Thursday, "when nearly all the inhabitants of Little Tarnside carried their farm produce to Overstone,- the nearest mar ket town. .The Bishop had signified his in tention) of .holding, a confirmation there on this particnlaci Thursday; pnd jthe Vicar of Little Tannside hatLrequcsted.lns'own candi dates to meet in their ;pajish church before they '-were '-\formed< anto-:: pirbcessioir for the ■ walk to- Overstone. Others besides the candidates- were gather ing for service; and many of tile worshippers carried baskets of butter and eggs. It waB customary for the congregation to wait about the churchyard until the bell ceased its tinkle, and then to muster in two thick lines on either side the path,and allow their Vicar to march solemnly between the double-barr elled company thus formed. He was always the first to enter the church, and the entire assembly trooped in his wake, after which' lie walked up to tho reading-desk, and donned his full white surplice in their sight. He was a little late this morning, and the interchange of gossip was brisk among his patient flock. The girl called Esther Jupp sat down on one of the decaying "to.nb-stoiieB, ani| liftctf her eyes to where the tower of ..the-Gtfureh stood ovit clear, square, and weather stained against the sky. As she sat thor4i4%>u"ng:' farmer came into the churchyard with a'little important bustle. He was stout and red cheeked, wo.iring'a brown coat and biilt' legg ings, and he flicked a whip about his calves and ankleB as he passed through the graves. This young farmer paused and watched Esther in silence. Then his glance travelled on to the old man, whom ho regarded .for a few moments with a mixture of toleration ! and contempt. -Jerry Jupp was returning ! the gaze furtivoly, his face wrinkled up into harrassed and uueasy pujkers; his withered J hands too trorabled visibly as the other strode , across tho gravel path, of the churchyard, and took up his position by Esther's side. " Good day, Esthie." I " Good day, Mesther Pliizackjea," she res ponded briefly. % " Good day, Jerry." " Good day, sir," said Jerry, tremulously, the uneasiness on his faeo increasing every' moment, us Farmer Phizacklea stroked his ' chin meditatively and fixed his round eyes ' on Esther's clustering hair. ( " Fine weather for th' lambs, eh, Jerry 1" t I won't contradick ye tlieer," Jerrv agreed mildly, leaning oil liis stick, and lctt : jng his glance travel ovor tho Hat tombstone on which Esther sat. She herself had turned away from tlioin both, flushed and petulant. She diil not like Joaiali Phi/cneklen, and slio wished that he would go away. The farmer, however, had no intention of leaving them. He had wooed Esther in .this fashion, Sunday after Sun'day, and his eouit ship hail bccome to him as rnueli a habitus ' his evening pipe. lie drew a long breath, and perpetrated the most original suggestion that, at the moment, occurred to him. " Will ye ride i' my cart t' Ovorstono ? " lie asked, pointing.with liia whip to wlioro his horse stood patiently at tho churchyard gato. " It's a goodish step for a lile. body like ye." Esther shrank nearer to her grandfather, iind shook her head. • " I'd rayder walk \vi' Grandad," she said •with some confusion. The young farmor regarded hor for a mo ment with his broad smila of toleration and amusement. " Rayder this, rayder that," ho said at last, not ill-tompBredly, " lassies are on common free TV":' their ' rayders' • i' these (lays. Art too fine to ride wi' t' cabbages, 15sthie ? " " Aye," she answered shortly. " Wliist, lassie, whist," put in Jerry, " it's a favour o'Mestlier Phizaeklea t'ax thee." "1 care nowt tor 7i favours," she said,with Home petulance, " 1'se ha' nowt to do wi' liim.".. Her hand had crept under Jerry's arm, and •the (vld man patted thfe-small brown finders tenderly, even while ho turned to Josiah Phi/.acklea with a mixture of entreaty and apology. ........ " Shu means nowt," he Baifl gently, " she's uobbut a lassie/' ... " Aye, an' thc.io's nobbut an owd Bimple," responded Josiah, witli some'loennirig in his toliivs, " or tlioo'd toll her to get i't' cart wi' out sueh a to-do. It's ill quarrellin' wi' them as carries these sort o' things i' tlieir weslcit'pockets." i • He~put liis linger and thumb into the little ipooket of his ; waistcoat, and drew out a crumTjled piece of paper, which ho held out to the old man. J erry'a trouble had deepened visibly during the'altercation. He had kept patting Esther's hand soothingly, and now bo anawered with a certain tremulous dig nity. I know weel enough I'm i ' thy debt, Mesther Phizacklea, Thou'se'ha' thy money soon as I caniaiseit. VVe'se say no more about them things'i't' churchyard an' aforo t! little .wench." ■. " T' little wench an' t' churchyard be danged!" said Josiah, " t'little wench ha' heerd plenty o' talk about thy debts, I reck on, and 'twon't do no harm to't' corpses. See thee, Bsthio Jupp, " he continued; good naturedly enough, waving the piece of ,'crti'mpled paper., in Jus fingers, " tliou'se ha' that for a ride i' my cart t' Overstone an a kiss at t' other end o't' journey." The paper was Jerry's substitute for an I.O.U., and Farmer Phizacklea smiled with broad triumph, as he spread it out before Esther's eyes. ' There, he reckoned, was a bait for mercenary feminine nature. Jerry's old face was puckered into a mixture of wistfulness and distress. He looked eagerly Bt Esther, and yet trembled. This was evi dently the first time that the girl'had heard of the dobt; and hor glance flashed into in dignation and then dimmed into dismay. She held out her hand for the paper, and ela,sped it. fast, looking from Jeiry to the farmer with ' a mingling of wrath and per plexity in her clear eyes. As she stood there the farmer repeated his offer, chuckling loudly. Ho would have reiterated it a third •time, ■ but, as his lips began to'frame the sentence, ' iv hand carao • over Esther's shoulder, and caught the paper from her Angers.' '• Mesther Phizacklea," said a voice, not loud, but with a slight vit ration in its tones, which 'iyefe singularly free from the village dialect^' " you say them sort of things to my cousin again, and, confirmation or no con firmiition, I'll duck you in the tarn." Phizacklea turned, and laughed his slow laugh as lie met the resolute glance of a -tail,,hroad-shouldered boy. Then he jerked the handle of hi3 whip in . the direction of Jerry, and answered tlio lad without any ebullition of annoyance. 'I'll -.Grandad }vas willin' eriow to clinch t!-bargain, X'imothy Jupp.. ■' Keep tliy nose out o' other piga' troughs, my lad." Timothy Jupp niade, no reply to the farmer's graphic' fashion of telling him to mind his own business, but he folded the paper with resolute precision, and handed it baek to its owner. Then, turning his back on Josiah altogether, ho addressed his grandfather in tones of some impatience. "Come, Grandad ! Mr. Eglin is at th' Vicarage gate."' And without a second glance in the direction of Phizaeklea, Tim slung'his basket upon one arm, drew Esther's hand under the other, and led her away be tween the gravestones and through the long churchyard grass. The arrival of the Vicar prevented Josiah —who was always alow in his search for ex pression—from launching any sarcasm at ■Tim. " The congregation began to move into ; the church, aiid Phizacklea went back to his cart, and turned the horse's head-in the direction of Overstone. A.s ■> he went, he muttered a little to himself, and Jiia face be came slightly contemptuous. "A tine gentleman's child, aB they call her !" ho grunted, half-audibly. " Much good her line gentleman father ha' dono her. She's no causo to give any honest mon the go-by. But they're a' alike is women,, they're a' alike." Meanwhile, .Timothy .Jupp, passing into, church with his pretty, cousin,- found time to whisper a caution in her ear. "See, Esthie, I forbid- you to speak to that pig-headed chap, again." ■ " Thee forbids me, Tim 7" The girl had recovered herself, and glanced: up with a slightly mischievous look in her eyes. - ■■■. I " Aye,, an' it's ray right, too, Esthio. ! Grandad's getting old, and I've a right to look after you. You're ouly sf,lassie after1 ■ all." < '' • Tim spoke the last words as-.if they 'clinched' the argument, and then, turning: tor, his grandfather, altered his tone. " Here, Grandad, th' baskets are piled up in the porch, Ourswill come: to no harm among t' others, and we can pick 'em up on our way out." . The short service was soon over, and then the procession of candidates was formed in , the road outside the churchyard. The Vicar culled to Tim to come and hold omv pole of . the tall banner which floated like a crimson . sail in the morning air. Tim hurried forward ! with a look of pride, and kindly hands soon, relieved him of his market basket. The lads 1 and lassies were quickly formed into line, and then the word of command was given,-1 and they moved off. | 