LOOKING BACKWARD. LEGENDS RESURRECTED. Some Old Time Lectures. ARCHIBALD MICBTJE, Q.C. An Old Sydueyite, father. of tho Anstralasiau Bar. Fisher's «kost. The True Version. Some -9S Men. Rcniiuisccnt. (Bi Old Cnon.) Eeeobe the much-travelled Smythe liloBeom'd into on Impressaria, and was yets pressman ; 7ero he dreamt of bringing out the too Finkelsteins, tho Purnios, and other show people, there weioloclurers in Melbourne who could draw audiences without the aid of 'Managers,1 however clever said managers SUIgUli UO. AmODgflb leuiururo WUU GUUiU uion audiences without the aid of lantern shows, were euoh men as George lligginbotham, ltichatd Birnic, Bailor Colo Aepina',1, Charles Gavon Daffy and Archibald Michit There were many more, but these names ocour to memory juet now. ' It has been my good fortune to have heard each of the able men named, bat Ism at this moment pariicularly interested in one only, Mr (now Sir) Archibald Miohie, Q.O. _ Thia gentleman came lo New South Wales in the lsto thirties as law reporter for the ' Sydney Kerning Horald.' lie was a barrister, and now enjoys the privilege oE being the father of the Au»trala?ion Bar; ne is also the last eurvivor of that little , BAND OF PATRIOTS jrho took active part in and spoke at the meeting held in June 1819, in Bridge-street, to protest against the lauding of the convicts from the ship Haehemy, then lying, within Tiew, off Sydaoy Cove. Miehio, on that occasion, was in good oompauy, the speakers being Robert Lowe, Dr. Aaron, Henry ParkeB, Bobert Campbell, Lamb, and others. When the gold fever broke ont in Victoria, Michie settled in that province, and for many year: led tb,e Bar thero. With his career as a politician and lawyer I am not now deal ing, but I have in memory recollections of his delightful leoLures. As an old press man — he edited and owned the ' Mel bourne Herald.' when it was a morning journal and bad npon its staff some of the ablest writers that ever appeared in Australia Be was choke- tull of anecdote, and was abie to keep an audience GRAVE OR GAY bb he pleased, One lecture delivered in the old Exhibition Building at the oorner of Lalrobe and William streets, was on ' Spooks,' or something very muoh akin. Amongst the etoriea which ilr Miohie introduced was one known to New South Welshmen as FISHER'S GHOST on apparition said to have been seen at Campbelltown, I promised myseft the pleasure of enquiring into the muttar should 1 ever be in tue neighborhood of Campbell town and I have done so. I visited on many occasions the oid fashioned town of which 'NARELLAN HCRLEY' ovnfl nnflA thn kino*. Tn fact, nn tnftn nnnli] beat 'old John' Hurley for the Narellan Beat in the old Parliaments. The Oampbell , town version of Fisher' a Ghost is more or less fiction. John-Lang (no^tho immortal Doctor I ^ Patriot), many years ago, gave it life — if a ' . 4b.9st.c411 have life — in ?V.' 'HOUSEHOLD WORDS,1 conducted by Charles Diokene. Bnt Lang changed the venue to Pentith or thereabouts, and introduced eome local persons into his story. Fisher was an' ' old hand,' so 'twas eaid, a bachelor, cultivating a profitable farm in the neighborhood of Campbelltown. Be tiding wits him as mate, was a man whom Lang oonveoiently called ' Smith,' also 88 eumed to be an old hand. Fisher was wealthy, and bad expressed a deiire to visit England, mentioning that 'he would leave his friend, Smith, in obarge of ihis affairs until his re turn. To the surprise of his neighbors, Fisher disappeared. When inquired after, Smith declared that Fisher went away Ecotetly, because being «n ? old hand ' he thought exception might be taken to his ab sence. The neighbors weie still doubtfij, and an incident which occurred soon after confirmed tboi.- doubts, and led to the dis covery of A CRUEL MERCENARY MURDER. An old farmer named by Lang, ' Weir' made periodical trips to Sydney with produce. Bum was tbe staple drink in the twenties, and ' Weir ' liked his rum. I'; will be re membered that the building of tbe old Sydney Hospital was paid for in rum ; the alleged 'gentry' of the day soaked in ram, No wonder then that ' Weir ' on his journeys to Sydney indulged in tbe common liquor. On one of his homeward journies ? Weir' was (tattled to find his friend Fisher seated upon tbe top rail cf the roadside fenoe. On bid ding him a welcome back from THE OLD LAND OF PLEASANT MEMORIES, ?Weir' was annoyed at getting no reply. Thinking that Fisher had become proud as the result of his trip to England, the old farmer jogged home and related to his wife the incident of the journey. She, woman like, uttributod the ' vision ' to ram. On the next trip 'Weir' again sair Fisher in the same spot. This time he approacnod. As he adranosd Fisher/retreated and disappeared in a haze. 'Weir,' awe-struck, continued his homeward journey, and again recounted his ?xpeiienoes. The wifo etill attributed ti:e Tiiiops to rum. The old man, Eomewhat nettled at his wife's incredulousncss, de termined to , ' ' PUT IN THE PEG1 en hi« nest trip to Sydney. Again, and for the thi d time, at the came spot, he eaw Fisher, and again the figure disappeared. As aretult of his abstemiousness, the wife put tome faith in the old man'B story, and on. her idvice he waited upon Mr. Cox, J.F.,- of Mulgoa, who promised to enquire into the E latter. , ' Weir ' pointed out the spot where o saw Fisher. Black- trackers got on the trail, the body of the murdered Fisher being fcund in a water-hole in his own paddock. 'Smith' denied that it 'was the body of ITisher ; but csrtain nr.idce f mud in tbe clothing satisfied Fisher's friends bb to tbe identity. ' Smith ' stood his trial for the murder, was convicted, and haugeJ in tbe gaol yard in Lower George-street. Tbe remit of the trial created an uproar in Sydney. The inhabitants could not believe in the GHOSTLY EVIDENCE, and loudly exclaimed that if 'Smith' were hanged he would be judioially lnurdereJ. Halt the popnlation of the town assembled on the rocks at the rear of the gaol, whero a view of the entire piooeedinga oould be had. The 'Notey Bob ' of the time had a warm reoep tion as he appeared upon the platform with ?Smith,* the latter, to all appemances, being one of the most unconcerned present, In tht evening, however, the pnblio mind was relieved when it was mails kno w« that 'Smith ' lad confessed the crime. This was John Lang'* version and the one generally adop'ed %y Mr Miohie in his lecture. The faota of tbis sensational old time story an told by THE HON. J^MES NORTOr*. M.LC. and ere as follows -- Early in the' century a young country girl went uo to London and [ obtained a situation as housemaid in a Jewish family, in which was also kept a female cook. The housemaid being generous occasionally helped the cook in her duties and in return the latter mada her a present of a roll of a satin ribbon, worth perhaps a few shillings, with a portion ol which aba trimmed her Sunday bonnet. Coming down stairs next day, on her way to churon, she met her lie brow mietresB, who had lost a roll of ribbon similar to that with which the housemaid's bonoet was trimmed. Being interrogated, the girl without the 'slightest hesitation told from whom she bad rcoeived tbe ribbon. Being challenged the cook absolutely denied all knowledge of the transaction. Notwith standing tbe girl's protestations she was given into custody, tried, convicted and sentenced to death. MERCIFUL BRITISH LAWS they were, in the early part of the century ! The girl had no personal friends in London, but certain persons who believed in her innocence and were shocked at the sentonce made efforts to get justice done to her, and after the bad spent six weeks in the condemned call, expecting every morning an intimation to 'get ready,1 the sentence was commuted to 1 TRANSPORTATION FOR LIFE. After her arrival in New South Wales she married a man named Farley, then residing at Campbelltown, not far from the residence of Fredeiiok Fiaher, who lives on hie own farm with a friend named George Worrall, and who assisted Fisher in tho management ot Ins attain, it waB Known some nmo afterwords that Fisher contemplated a trip to England, hut bis neighbors were surprised at his sudden disappearance on June 17, 1826, without saying farewell to tny one. Worrall accounted for this by giving some reason for Ffcher's wishing to get oil quietly. Worrall, who professed to hold tome authority from Fisher, continued to reside on the farm, and commenced to dispose of the property without exoiting any suspicion of fool play, until after a lapse of several week* FARLEY, SUPPOSED TO BE DRUNK, was found one night lying on the bridge over a branch ot Bunburry Ourran Creek. On recoveiing his senses, he told his friends that ob he was crossing the bridge he saw Ms friend Fisher, whom be believed to be enjoy ing himself in England, fitting on the hand rail o£ the bridge, and he, of course, greeted him in a friendly way, not for a moment doubting that Fisher was personally present. Instead o£ returning the greeting, Fjeher, by 'an easy gliding motion,' proceed down the creek, beckoning Farley / to follow, but the terrilied man believing he was looking upon an apparition, fainted. Great excitement was occasioned by Farley's story, whioa roaohed the ears oC Mr Norton's father, one of the oldest and most respectable solicitor* in Sydney, the custodian of the confidence and the secrets of most of the old colonial families, and who happened to be Farley's legal adviser. Bum got the blame of Farley's vision, and A 'TOUCH OF THE HORRORS' was alleged to have been the primary ciuee of the apparition on the bridge. In fact, after wards it was asserted that Farley had a hand in murdering Fisher and that ' conscience which makes oowards of us all' had some thing to do with Farley's story. Farley was a highly rospeotable man, without a stain of reproach, and the insinuation went for noth ing. Mr Norton, sear., teok a great interest in the matter and weeks after Farley's statement had been made he induced the then Attorney-General (Saxe Bannister), to lUB&U; QUU1C VUUTl III UlCM Uf tun ul.,DkqtJ* «i reward was offered and the constable at Campbelltown directed TO SEARCH FOR FISHER S CORPSE. With a couple of trackers he commenced work. Some blood was found upon the Tail where Fisher's ghost sat, 'and 'from appear ances, an effort bad been made to burn toe stain out. The blacks followed in the track of the ghost as pointed ont b» Farley and presently came to a waterhole, where they declared that a scum floating on the surface was WHITE MAN'S FAT. They led the search party further on, and discovered the grave where the body was buried eome four months previously. An. inguest was held, and a verdict of wilful murder against eome person or persons un known was returned. Some time after, Worrall was tried and convicted on strong circum stantial evidence, the insufficiency of the evidence causing excitement ; but the excite ment was allayed when Worrall admitted having killed Fisher, but he deolared that Fisher's death was caused accidentally, Mr Norton obtained his facts from bis father, who /frequently re-told the story of Fisher's ghoit; and Mr Norton himself, when he went to school at Campbslltown is 1841, often sat upon THE RAIL WHERE THE GHOST SAT. and traced down the creek to the grave. Mr Norton accounts for the preservation of FiBher's body to the waters of tht creek being charged with alum and other antiseptio salts, as well as to the fact that the murder was committed in the depth of winter. Campbelltown is rich in many historic incidents, eome particularly applicable to the present season. In and around Campbelltown were settled MANY '98 MEN, whose centenary has lately been celebrated. Michael Bwyer, the Wicklow chief, had a farm near Campbelltows, and some of his compatriot! lie in tbe old cemetery on the top of the hill, where the church UBed to stand, but where the convent now is. One tomb stone interested me greatly. It was raised to tbe memory of tbree friends 11 Comrjanions in Arms at 'Vinegar Hill,' And who, as the inscription on the stone tells us, were transported to: 'that unfortuoate business in 1796.' These three, on gaining their freedom, settled at Campbelltown, be came tillers of ttie soil, and remained fast friends through life, all three being buried, as pra-airaogod, in one grave, CJose by is another iuteresting tombBtone, the quaint in scription on which I may be forgiven for quoting verbatim: 'Sacred to the Memory cf James Ruse, Who departed this life Sep. 5, in the year of Hour Lord 1837. natef of Cornwell ana arrived in this coloney bv the first fleet, aged 77.' My mother reread me tenderly ; With me she took much piine, and when I wived in thia colcney I Bowed the first grain ; and now with uiy Heavenly father I hope for ever to remain. This James Ruse appears from the registar of the fleet to have been convicted at Bodmin and sentenced to 7 years transportation, July 29, 1762 ?-- that he had nearly served five yean of hie.sentencd when he arrived in New Soulb Walea under Governor Phillip'.! care, lie «as evidently brought out in considera tion of his knowledge of farming and, as hit la .Memoi-iam' says, sowed the tint grain in the olouy. His grant ot lend was 40 acres which lay betwwn GranviUe*ndPirra matts, and on the old maps the exaet spot it indicated. His wife lies bsilde him in the old Oampbelllown Cemetery. A process has been recently perfected by which thin sheets of absolutely transparent celluloid an silvered by a similar process to that formerly used on glass. YOTja Chemtrt keep» .Wool'* Great Peppermlni Cure 1st Uoasha tui CDlit, li (i J Bud 2s Sd. As a genuine pick-me- up, nothing in the world excels NicholU' ltanuraian Dandelion AIM ' ? . . 