A REPENTANT GUiOST. SSo you actually believe in ghbote ?" re; s?rked Charlie Bearera.interragatively,with an assO t of lippaney is his toastead as anuned mile on bhi rather boyish faeea his elder ned Ieraesedte fIiend l6hbet rde4,athtey sat egther in the former'a comfoetable bachelor am one eveling tards the close of the last nuth of the year, discussing a choice blend of vhisky (judiiously commiagled with ?outrs), ead blowing curly blue wreaths from alm- - seebchble rigars. " I a bound o believe iu them," replied the Aber in all eitomnrss. " What ? Doou mean to ay that you have m ane ?" . " Decidedly I may my I almost owe my wile to a Spook." "Come. I say, old man, draw it a little aild !" " I' tell you the story if you like. But mind, very rarely moolion the subject. I dent care ,bout it talked about anywhere and eveywhere. 'ou understand ?" , Perfectly," said Char;ie. all eagers.e for he renital. " Go ahead. 111 be as mum a a-a-a what's its o me." " Well, you must knew before I secured through the ifluwenoe of my father-iu-law) my eeFot pusition as aagee ofa the bank hero. I was pursuing the calling of on accountant in srchter. After three yearn' bard labeor I rogn to feel uy fret and think I might venture to ask a certain yeang lady to share my future ot. I was tolerably sure that I sahult meet with me rebuff from my darling, but thrae was p stern parent to be reckoned with. . "I had made tLe acquaintance of Ir. Matthew Turnover, head of the rempected and old crusted banktag-house of Torover Bra thers,amd Checkwell, through ordinary busioer intercour-, and we became in time on quite intimate terms. I frequently spent my Sun days at his charming residence in the park He bhad an only daughter. Eleanor. The rest you will readily understand. Well, I put the momentous question to the dear girl aod achieved the success I plead guilty to hare been vasi enough to anticipate. " Then followed the iuevi:tale iontervie with pape. He evinced no surprise wben I told him my tale, as many fathere do after being themselves the prime movers in bringing twe impr??aionable young people together. He was straightforward enough. Told me, al though he had certainly eherisLta more ambi tluou views for his only child, it was not his in teotiou t ttry to enforce his ideas if they were likely to interfere with his dauglh. ter' happiness. Still, he. was bounu to consider the impertant que lion of ways and means, and thougl he I admitted I habed ade teoid sad subtnotia progress in my profosii?a f e?rh it could le called-he at the same time did snot coauide, the secome I was then earniug su? iciently large to justify me is taking upon myself the ros ponsibility of a *ife and probable catinogeucie. " He wound up by aynlg : "' 'Although Eleanor, as you know, is at noly child, hbe will not materially beaeft through me on her marriage, as it is my tiae ateotioO to withdraw an sum of consequence from the bhak. My share of the profits-e capt so much of it as I require to live upon remsins in the concern until my time comes to Squtting this world, then, of course, Eleanor will inherit what I shall leave behind me. Bit tieod be thanked, I amwell and hearty, anod may remasoably look forward to ten or llteru year longer of useful life. My adrice therefore tr you, is go on working as you have done hLther to, and, in three years say, you can br?oae the subject again, and if Elly should be atill ii the rme mind regarding yourself, why we ma. perhaps ea if matters cannot be arranged. II the mesatime, there will be-at all evets of my part-no difference in our friendship thbe's my hed upon it.' I' You may gum I dnd not fee! eutravagantll Iubiluat over the arranugement. Three year semed an awful long time to wait. But I ha the fullst faith in Elesnor's coastancy. iuw ever, I will get oa to the fldish; I don't wish to bore you with too many personal details. S" About eight meouth bad gene by, when one g d is the middle of December, Mr. Turnorve Shastily eatered my unpretentious office. The eld gentleman appeared greatly agitated, mand it Swas sme moments after being eanted that he was able to speak. " lIanxoustly inquired if be were ill, or was ae sythi wrong at bhom ? r ' a No-no one ill,' he mid, slowly. " The b beab s been robbed.' S, 'obbed !' exclaimed. Pbewl Have the dlatim bes caught ? "' You don't sderstead. The robbery is f inside. The chief cashie.' " 'Wlhat ! Bradley rI cried, in the greatlat esteiabmeat. " The pmeeu t cashier was a SB dam shool tea r. Egtalac apl-gear, and I do't know what besides. S '" Ay I The oemothttoaegd hypocrite,' d Mr. Tumner. with eicerable sephais. SAnd heb got a good twoaty.foer mous' start. Hte wos away ao short leave. " What is tihe amount P t asked. '" ' very considerable sum -in cnveti"bi0 secites uaferrtuately. Anything like the e Set sanoet, however, is not yet honwa. That ise siaiy why I have come to yoa.* Is "'To mop ."'- e . . I want you toeams athe bwsh n aen go through the hboob-his books, yea kbe t -. eepeditiously as possibl. We wish to harp . the e?a seeret-that is, as l , asn pemi.bt. SWill yw eama P SAnd Mr. Turnover Vegardal m wslowly SThe L?hiaking, perhaps. t I smed e besi m a faat,i.s l ' Ieight if he ry r WIIoll you Ado ma thia tfaear P Slib, Mr. Tawr,' I id. Trct to ~e. en idea e d mea my Medl t I eght elde to he ask a hom o him ientlea ,aftert \- ies beain was sewe nd dan I a with. k y ftes fater ie e sm teem aete, * 5am segy mmyleg a os ma e madI. h sm e mon sely S D ia I dieaget ad mab tem ate ' I tawed s Needs at ss nods use * wal t S- glasg ee-dela'jeets amer eaJr.. '' es m .ia. n" A" so.p as we erste mI is the bank par. lour Mr. Turnover tsudtd me a letter.remrking that the miUsing Bradley had caused it to be de'ietrel in g somewhat mysterious manner. ,, When I read the note Mr. Turnover asked my oplnion of it. I d : It The fellowiscool certarnly,bot I infer from h what he writ* --if it is he truth, of course that thre has been no systematicmbest'ement going forward for some time; that; in fact, be eomumitted the theft in a sudles fit of tempts- . tion. I see he mentions sixty*eight thousand. S* Yea, that is quite enough without the probability of mole heaing to be added to it. I trust your surmise will turn out correct. Let us get to work withOet delay.' " We worked onremittiugly till ten, failing in dicover a?y ,deTalctiouns beyond those al. ready knows. This was so far satisfactory that Mr. Turoover eonframed be felt much relieved and suggesled an adjournment to a neighbour iug firstclses hotel-his club blang.too far away-to reersit exhausted natore. SWe. were let out by the beak caretaker througt a speall di door, and told him to sc maid up till we returned. " Havilg done justice to au excellent it lo cold ·ket, washed down hy a bottle of vary excellet post. I told mi comuanioa there was no med whatdeqr fee him to g back to t?e book with ma U I eeM do well leoSgh withb out him -at all ets for the reainder of that night. He asemed, telinag me not to stay very late. " When I got to the bank, I set to my taok with renewed vigour, still failing to discover extended evidence of guilt iS the absoondlng cashier's book. By this time, although the night was cold outaide. the room I was working is began, by reason of the masy gas jts burn. I ing. to grow uncomfortably warM. I began to feel drowsy, and at a quarter-past twelve by the small clock on the mantelpiece, I dropped into an inviting easy chair, sad felt eltremely like dropping us well into a prololged d(lo, hut as I habed no intention that way. I strugglh d against the inclintion by raising my heavy ey. lids at frequent intervals. " I heard a ncighbouring church clock boom forth the midnight hour, and. epening my eyes, wu just on the point of riisg frIm my cm fortable position with the intention of resuming w*ork for s?other half hour, whon I saw some thing that deterred me ; kept me, in fact, spell Shound in my wset. There,right before me a few ysrds away, appeared the spectral form of Westcott Bradley, the defaulting cshier. " There was a sad-I might almost describe it as a ohastened look on the ghastly fac- as though the spirit was experiencing profound coutrition for some misdeed the body had com •itted during life. " I once more closed my eyes, thinking that when I looked again the thing would have van. ibhed. But no ! There was the shadowy igure commencing to retreat slowly backwards. its transparent arm raised, the fishtles hand with its bony lingers beckoning me to follow. It re minded me of Hamlet and the ghost uo the eostle ramparts, only I assure you I felt precious little like the impetuous Prioce; I required as holding back. I tried to speak, hut the words I framed with my dry lips were inandible ecen to myelf. As soon as the shade reached the open door leading into the main room, I arose mecherically as though impelled by some uuseen rwer, and wrent with bated breath after the still slowly retreating appari. tion. It oontioued to wave its ghostly hand until the mamive iroo door which led to the rasot below, where the bullion aud securities were kept in huge safes,or rather etroug rooms, was reached. I quite expected to arthe thefigure melt away in the orthodox manner. But a trifling obtructio of this kind was sno barrier to the melancholy spirit of the peccant cashier. With so intense lingering last look of anguish aud a final wave of the arm more emphstie than prenousy, it simply, as it seemed to imy be. wilder?d gpse, backed through the solid trom work. I can assure you 1 felt considerably re lieved on being rid of the apparition. Further work was, of oturer, out of the question, so I summoned the caretaker to let me out, impar ig; nothing whatever to him regarding the strange euperi nere I had just gone through. "' Next mornel gI cal!ed upon Mr. Turnover before be left home, and rtvounted to him what had taken place is his bank the eight before I was not in the least surplisad at my story te. ing rtceived with a smile of incredulity. " , My dear Forder,' said the woithy, but un believing banker, ' you, of course, fell ae tep in the chair and dreamed all this.' " ' Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Mr. Turnover,' I answered, warmly. '" Etll, the old gentleman remained unco?. viced. " 'Remember,' he went on banteringly, ' you habed partaken of supper and wine-geacrous ol port ? ' " However, to bring my story within reason. able bound, I wil just y that by the t time we had arrived at the bank I had simst eornvince. Mr. Turnover that I hbad men the ghost of Li delinquent rserant :aid he agreed, st my rei quest, that we shuhld visit tie v-ilt together. Sthough surely,' observed he, 'you don't eaped to encounter your sad-fared Spook sagain, so early in the day ' " When we had got down below and turned up the gas, Mr. Turnover proceeded to op u two large upright eares standing agaisut the wall. ' Eveything seems as nsual," he remarked. after sesveyig the ilnterior ' Your spirit evidently had no particular tale to unfold, ever. if you bad been able to accompany him bere last ighlbt.' *"'Why did it beckon to me so earnestly in this direction ?' I remarked. ' lly the way,' I added quickly, ss my septical eomp?Sioc went abeut erisri.?g the satfe again,' what of the big one ovtr thre to the left; aresn't you going to ope tbhat ?? • Oh,' he answered earelesdy, * that ioss old oue notliu se ; has ot been oproed, I should sayform sewal years.: It Is empry. "'I supposec there is no objection to me hoe. -lg a peap ideasde ?' " ' Not the ndibghtest. Ther i the key o the wall these!' S" I handed it to him, end be at one i" etrd it in th leek, while I htd by reedy to pull the S iei door odse. i 'Dee ame.' remarked Mr. Turnoer, , as. t prie, usthe rwds waeked quit easily, 1J eertois eopeatsd s ditemlny.' " I pulc at he leavy dew, hkich swa k quite sooathlg. jest a if it bed bhe opend daly with the etese. "The sct amest sa escdsmtioa of hor. rie- a r? e l from the bhanker's tie, he srd bhack sreal ases frer hferee theS froot of the mfe. "I isetantly speig ferwailatee behind tha Spodoes deo?r. nd followed the diremtio e; my fsthmia-law'we dilated eyin. * "Wellr wig theel Ishse hegeetngly Safected ! *There, os the circamscribed seate of te floor of the e., lay the idled lgnoe of nma. ie tasm wag distrted sd hbrabtle to teak oiu The olring enealle and priest . metgouge sthwedbsw hebaL moka' lefiMe deth br usedtles. *prdl2?ey!'" I m?lme, seeralmi eotld odt breath menugb. ase? e.l. se:.ly~ et .haer, ... mu se d me wo ,t s t at. Th- . iag epestboe npn whith he gaul eumotitmo ao medtl tom f the ebm wh~ehe. atr.esyethe toeupsmd., ahimgb h omutey. e.......as.....*A bu ...- ---m q ml , r ag uegi 4 h ee 3,. I n n. s_!e-_: u bS missing wearlitik I ought to have my reward. I got it. sad havese regretted for a single moment taking it. Nothino much uas elicit, d at the inquet escept the luformation that the lock of the dis-used strong room wo, ked spring w0s, and it was conjwctured that Brad. loy. who had evidently been using the safe for his own purpoct, had oNo'eed the ?*i, theo hung up the key in its a customed pla.e, gone inside, and in a moment of furgetfuloeta let the ,loot come on the epring, and do made tLe receptale for concealing is plunder his liing tcb." 