The Great Sea Serpent. (Concluded from last week.) A master in science, Professor Rich-<*> ard Owen, now appeared upon the field, and in a most able article in the "Tim[?]," 11th November, 1848, gave his verdict against the serpentine char acter of the animal, and pronounced it to have been, In his judgment, a seal. He argued this partly from the descrip tion of its appearance, and partly from the fact that no remains of any dead marine serpent had ever been found. He says : "On weighing fne question whether creatures meriting the name of ' great self serpent' do exist, or whether any of the gigantic marine saurians of the secondary deposits may have con tinued to live up to the present time, it seems to me less probable that no part of the carcass of such reptiles .should have ever been discovered in a recent or unfoesilised state, than that men should have been deceived by a . cursory view of a partly submerged and rapidly moving animal, which might only be strange to themselves. In other ivords. I regard the ntfeative evidence from the utter absence of any of the Wcent remains of great sea serpenite, Urekens, or Enalicwauria, as stronger against their Actual existence than the positive statements whidi have hitherto weighed with the public mind in favour of their existence.' A larger body of evidence from eye-witnesses might be got together in proof of ghosts than of tthe «ea serpent." Again, a letter was printed in the *' Zoologist" for 1852, communicated by Captain Steele, 9th Lancers, to bis brother, Lieutenant-Colonel Steele of (the Coldstreain Guards, stating that .while on his way to India in the Bar tram lie and every one on board saw " the head and neck of an enormous fenake." This was corroborated'in « letter from one of 'the officers of the snip, who says :—" His head appeared to be about 16ft. above the water, and lie kept moving it up and down, some times Showing his enormous neck, which was surmounted with a huge crest in the shape of a saw." Another theory was put forward id the London " Sun," of the Oth July, 1811), by Captain Herriman, of the British Bhip Brazilian, who, on the 24th Feb ruary, 1840, was becalmed on almost the same spot that Captain M'Quhae *avc< his monster while on a voyage from the Cape of Good Hope. That there is some mighty denizen ' of the vasty deep, sometimes but sei dom seen, is more than possible, and bighly probable; but to which of the recognised classes of created being can this huge rover of the ocean be re ferred ? First of all, is it an animal at all? On two occasions monstrous pieces of weed nave been mistaken for the Kraken, but on each occasion the distance from the vessel is estimated at half-a-mlle ; while Captain M'Quhae says that he was within 200 yards, and Mr. Davidson within •thirty-five yards of the animal. Under these circum stances we may fairly dismiss the sea weed hypothesis. Professor Owen would place the sea. serpent among the mammalia, but Phoca proboscidea is the only seal which will bear comparison with the, Daedalus auimal in dimensions, it reaching from 20ft. to 30ft. The offi cers declare, however, that at least 00ft of their animal was visible at the surface. Agaiih the fore paws of the seal are placed* at about one-third of the total length from the muzzle, and yet no appearance of .fins was seen. To continue, the great Phoea proboseidea has no mane, the only seals possessingl what may be dignified with the title being the two kinds of sea lions—the O tar hi jubata and Platyrbynchus leoni- nils—which are far too small to come into the count. * It 4s quite possible that the great un known is a reptile, and his marine .habits present no difficulty. In the In dian and Pacific Oceans there are numerous specimens of true snakes (Hydrophidae), which are exclusively dnbabitamts of the sea. Xoue of these, however, are known to exceed, a few feet in length, and uoue of them, so far as is known, -have found their way dnto the Atlantic. The most probable solution of the riddle Is the "hypothesis of Mr. Morriss Stirling and Professor Agasslz, that the so-called sea-serpent will find its closest affinities with those extraordinary ani mals the Eivaliosaurla. or marine lizards, whose fossil skeletons are found so abundantly Jthrough the Oolite and the LiffS. If the Plesiosaur could toe seen alive you would find nearly ita total length on the face of the water propelled at a rapid rate, without any undulation, by an apparatus altogether invisible—the powerful paddles" beneath —while the entire serpentine .neck would probably be projected obliquely, carry ing the reptilian head, with an eye of moderate aperture, and a mouth whose gape did not extend behind the eye. Add to this a body of leathery skin like that of the whale, give the creature a length of some 60ft. or more, and you would have before you almost the very counterpart °* *ue apparition that wrought such amazement on board the Daedalus. In evidence of the existence of such ian animal, Captain the Hon. George Hope states that when in H.M.S. Fly, in the Gulf of California, the sea being perfectly smooth and clear, he saw at the bottom a large marine animal with, the head and general figure of an alli gator, except that the neck was much longer, and that, instead of legs, the (animal had four large flappers, some thing like those of turtles. 