READY T0_PERISH. Clarence Mutisfield stood under the dear autumn moonlight in a secluded spot it Hyde Park, a homeless, hopeless, strickei man. He was filled with despair too deej for words, and the most bitter thought it liis heart was that he had been brought t< this terrible pass by his own mad folly. Th< quiet stars shoue above him ; and the nigh) winds sighed mournfully through the treei and amid the long grass as the despairing man moved slowly along, and then sunt upon a seat with a groan.. A sound struck his ear—the hour called aloud by manj clucks. He mechanically drew from hii pocket a handsome gold watch, and by th< uncertain light regarded its face. As he r» placed the watch in bis pocket a bitter smili crossed his pale face. " What matters th< our 1" he said aloud. The man was in that lonely spot with a fearful purpose—he had come there to die. Yes, in that solitary £|>ot he intended to take the life that had grown an intolerable burden, too heavy to be borne, a curse instead of a blessing. Il had come to this : he, a man in the first bloom of manhood, no longer wished tc ^ive. Disgraced by his own actions, he had «o courage to face the world he knew— rather would he leap unbidden into eternity, and brave the perils he knew not. H< drew forth a revolver,and placed it upontht seat beside him, where it lay with a passing ray of moonlight falling through elm- Ipaves, and glinting on its polished surface Jke the smile of an evil spirit, sinister and deadly. " I am lost, body and soul," said the man, removing bis hat slowly, with a wild thought of prayer flashing through hie brain. He raised the pistol, and placed its cold muzzle against his burning brow. " Hold. What is this t" The voice startled the suicide. H« lowered the weapon, and gazed at the speaker in angry surprise. The man seemed to have sprung up from the path- way on which he stood, so suddenly had he appeared. " Who are you I" asked Mansfield haughtily. " Never mind me. Who are you and what are you doing ?" " Why should I render an account ol myself to you, P' asked Clarence defiantly. "I am a desperate man," replied the other, calmly. " Like yourself, I oame her* to put an end to an ill-spent life. Now, before we die, let us talk a little together.' Moralise by the sweet, silver light of the moon. Why do you kill yourself t I do it because I am .haunted by the everlasting Bhadow of paBt ill-doings, my dead past, aa you may say. They talk of angels weeping over lost sinners ; well, they can weep over me if they have nothing better to do. I can't do any weeping myself. I once owned a mansion in yonder avenue. Now I stand' under the stars without a shilling in my pocket. I saved sixpence to buy poison, but it must have slipped out through a hole in my pocket, and I found I had only a halfpenny left. I knew it was useless to buy any with that- a half-pennyworth of poison could never make an end of a tough citizen like me, so I walked up here. 1 have that half-penny left. Til give it to you for a loan of your revolver, for bad as my credit is, I don't want to die in debt to yoa. I'm not naturally mean. Til die first." Mansfield looked at his new acquaintance in perfect astonishment. What sort of man was this to die with a jest, albeit a bitter one, upon his lips 1 He appeared about 35 . years of age ; he wasTiall and thin, his hair and beard were light browu, straggling and unkempt, and his clothing were extremely shabby. His eyes were bright and piercing, of a peculiar light grey hue, and his long, slim, white hands were constantly in motion, betraying his nervous temperament. He constantly kept looking around him, as if he dreaded he knew not what. " Who are you P' aBked Clarence, for the stranger seemed restless under his scrutiny. It was a blunt question, but two men bent upon suicide could dispense with ceremony. " £ am Alfred the Great, Christopher Columbus, Napoleon crossing the Alps, the Ghost of Hamlet's father. Moral, anything you like, * A rose by any other name.' What's the use of arguing over one's name at a time like this ? Let us study cause and effect, devote our last moments to something useful. The causes of my present condition are too mudh wine, too much card-playing, too much worse than doubtful company, and lastly, a big speculation in grain that went the wrong way; the effect of all this being that I can't stand it) any longer*?' "I did not inquire your name from idle curiosity," said Clarence. " I was struck by the strange circumstance of your appearing just at the moment you did—just when 1 was about to either put an end to my misery or plunge headlong into a worse hell ihan this." " There is no hell unless we make it so. Look around you. Could mortal eyes gaae upon a fairer Dicture ? See how the golden moonlight gleams on the moving billows sf grass, wet with dew. See the graceful shadows cast by those tall trees, in whose ; branches Blumber in peaceful repose myriads i of living things that have only obeyed the voice of nature. They are happy, and, as someone says, ' Only man is vile.' All my troubles have come from myself. I never 1 tried to do right. You have not either, or i you would not be here." " I have tried sometimes." | " Did you really ? Well, I didn't Now, ' as 1 have answered your question, you answer mine. Why are you going to die T" " I am a villain. I have been .transacting business for my father. . I was supposed to he smart, and,-of -course, trustworthy. .Well, I got into all sorts of bad company, embezzled money, and thought I could replace it; then gambled to better myself, lost all I had, and, to make a Idng story short, I've been going to the devil for three years ; now I've got there. My father has discovered all, and I could not 4tce him, and above all my mother. I J®uld not 6ee any way out of it but this, I Bed from home three days ago, and I've been wandering around ever since. My • father is stern and strict, and I've been ! expecting to be arrested every moment. | He mqet feel it tornbly—and ' my poor 1 motheC; 1 am her only child, and she loves • me, was proud of me. Father would think j nothing of putting me in prison. But the ! worst of all is yet to be told—a girl,a lovely I girl, the daughter of wealthy parent^, is foolish enough to love me. Poor child 1 she has been living in a dream. It seems hard that she should have such a cruel awakening. I have destroyed everything that might lead to my identification, so I can only hope that my mother and Lucile may never know what became of me." He stopped, nnablo to continue. His new companion took a seat, for he had been Standing. They talked on for some time, •ad were recalled to their purpose by th» pound of tg^oigclu striking ten. . { Do you know I am very hungry P* said Clarence's new friend. " Give me the pistol, and let me make an end of'this business for it is useless to endure more discomfort than is absolutely necessary." For the second time that night Clarence had drawn bis watch from his pocket. " By the way," he said; an he glanced at it, " this watch must be got rid of ; it has iny monogram upon it. What shall I do with it f " Bave you got a watch t Why didn't you say so before ? Let us go and pawn-it. We can at least have some supper, and not go hungry into the next world." • " Why, this is childish. Take the watch and welcome, but leave me alone. Go I Perhaps you may see some reason why you j should live. Good-bye." ! " No. In the first place I intend to stay \- with you to the end, and in the second place 1 can't pawn your watch, for if I do they will arrest me when your body is found. Come on,'you are not the man I take you for ifyou will let a fellow creature die hungry." Clarence rose reluctantly ; he wished to get ftuickly over his fearful task. - It might be that he feared* his desperate courage I would fail him if he delayed, j " Come on, friend," urged the stranger, and the young man followed him. "Now we can talk more atouriease," said the man of many names ; slipping his hand through Mansfield's arm as they found themseives on a broader path. He talked on, and Mansfield was struck by the force and orierinality of his remarks, and varied nature of his information. He was both witty and well read, and seemed to have more depth of character than a casual j observer would have given him credit for. j " Give me the watch," he said,when they ; were clear of the park, " and meet me in ; yonder restaurant." | " It is too late to pawn it now," replied' Clarence, placing the watch in his hand. " Not at all. You are unsophisticated, my young friend. This is Saturday night, and this is tlie wisching hour when the spider, whose sign is three golden balls, catches more flies than any other hour in the day. Proceed to the restaurant, aud I'll be with you anon." Clarence obeyed. He walked into the restaurant and took his 6eat at one of the tables. A waiter came to take his order, but he told hitn he was'waiting for a friend. Left to himself, a flood of painful-thoughts oame over him. The presence of bis new acquaintance had banished them for the moment, but they returned with redoubled foros when he was once' more*alcine. He regretted that he had not* carried out hiB terrible intention without delay,and blamed, .the chance that brought the other wretched man to the same spot as himself. While painfully musing he took up a'paper that lay before him" the "Daily Telegraph," and among the " Personals " this caught hit eye:— " Clarence M-=— r. Come home. All will be forgiven and forgotten. Mother it desperately ill, and asks for you constantly. —Father." What a wild tumult of joy and sorrow surged through his heart. Overcome by the tide of feeling, he laid his head down on the table,and tears of penitence streamed from his eyes. Those tears were not unmanly ; they washed away the bitter feelings of anguish and despair, and left Clarence Mansfield a stronger and bettei man. Just as he conquered his emotion his new friend entered. He saw at a glancc that some new tide in the affairs of men had turned in his companion's favour. H< sat down and silently placed a pile of money before Mansfield, and then ordered suppei for both without asking oue question. Clarence understood the delicacy that prompted him, and, touching his arm, laid the paper before him silently, indicating the notice. " 1 atn glad, from my heart," said the stranger warmly, pressing the young man'e hand as he spoke. " You see, it was well you followed my advice. You will return, of course ?" " Yes, return, and with God's help try to atone for the past and deserve my father's mercy. And you P' " Me ! Oh, I'll finish my supper and then go back and finish my work. It is no use for me to live £ " No, you ehall not. Come with me to, Dais ton. I shall tell my father when and how I met you. He employs over a hundred men, and you are not too proud to work for another man at present, as you ' have no business of your own." The only answer Clarence received was a hearty equeeze of the hand, and in | the piercing eyes of his companion he saw tears well up. Next morning saw both men on their way to Dalston. When they arrived the^ they went before Mr." Mansfield, and Clarence told their i-tory. The stern man was deeply moved, and in broken tones he blessed and forgave his erring qon. He also extended a kindly welcome to the stranger, wbo gave his name as Herman Everlee, Mrs. Mansfield was very ill, but the sight of her boy's face restored her. Everlee was placed in the counting-house, and proved himself a valuable assistant— honest,keen, and industrious. He remained in Mr. Mansfield's employ four years, and then requested leave of absence to go on a visit. He returned, after an absence ol four weeks, with his wife and child, the latter a lovely boy of six years. All hie friends were filled with surprise, as they had always supposed him an unmarried man. " That is what filled me with ' despair," he said in confidence to Clarence. ] " But my brave Mary fought on alone till I had been here a month, and then I wrote ' end told her all. Since then I have sup- ' ported them, and now I am once more a ! happy man. I have gathered furniture by j degrees,and although our home is notmuch ! like our former mansion. Mary loves it, and I Bays she was never so happy, and I believe ' her, God bless her." Soon after this Clarence also went away on leave, and brought back his bride, the beautiful Lucile,who had lovod him so long and so devotedly. She knew his story, and was willing to trust her heart to his keep- ' ing, and time proved that her confidence was not misplaced. He became oue of the | leading men in his business and social 1 circle, respected by all. and well beloved by relatives and friends, an honoured N father and a happy husband. Years after, when the firm was known as Mansfield and Everlee, the partners set ! aside a sum cvory ve.ir. It was sent to a ' well-known clergyman in Whitcchanel tc j be ueed by hiin for the purpose of assisting ! just such desperate men as thov once had 1 been-men driven to despair by the fruits I of their own folly. The fund was a secret ! to the partner... and was called by them ! W Perish.' h ° "" ' U : f I Sir John Trevor, cousin to Lord Chancellor Jeffei les, was an able man, but as corrupt as he ' was able. He was twice Speaker of thn House or Commons, and had the mortification to b put officially the question to the House, " whether he himself ought to be expelled for bribery." t The answer was, " Yes." j j 