SUNDAY'S SERVICES LARGE CONGREGATIONS. THE CONFIRMATION CEREMONY. The Bishop of Goulburn (Dr. Clmlrue was fully occupied on Sunday. His Lordst preacher at the morning service in I John's Church, delivered two brief, practical addresses and confirmed 72 candidates, 42 giils and HO boys in the afternoon, and preached again in the evening to an over flowinu and particularly renre^entative con gregation. THE MORNING SERVICE. The morning service was largely attended. There was a full choir, and the whole of tbe singing was particularly good. Tbe Vicar (Uev. G. A. Carvel) conducted the service, and the lessons were read by Mr. C. J. Allen (Curate). The whole service was in keeping with the importance of the occasion. The Bishop preached the sermou, which was a fitting and powerful exhortation in keeping with the character of Ihe day and Ihe rite of confirmation to be administered in the afternoon. It wae based on the words : ' But put ye on tbe Lord Jesus Christ.' This day His Lordship reminded the congreggtion, was the ' new year's day of the Church ut Christ.' Passing on tbe Bishop used the homely lesson of one's daily life to illustrate his points. The woiks of God and of Nature and of our daily lives, he said, conveyed to us spiritual truths. Let them take ihe first events of the daily existence. We awoke, and a new world was reveled unto us. That lud a spiritual meaning. What was it ? The daily awaken ing was & lype of the soul's awakening of the sinner returning from Ihe error of his ways. After waking we arose, and that was a type of ihe resurrection of Ihe soul to the newness of life. Then there was the daily duly of washiry. The spiritual mean ing of that Christ himself had taught i 'Except a man be boin o! water a ot the spiiit he cannot enter the kit dom of God.' God saved us by t washing of regeneration. The ucl of dressi . uuii^e^eu iu us we r|iiiiLuiii meaning 01 i words of the text—'' Bui put ye on the Li Jesus Christ.' Tbe very purpose of i incarnation uf Jesus Christ was that might make peace between God and m . Thai which happened lo us morning morning represented to us the change wh tunic upon us through the love of G Christ was our awaking, our spirit arising, our spiritual washing, and - spiritual clothing. The Lord Jesus Cli was the spiritual garment of the soul. 1 ? how, asked Hit Lordship, was Jesus Cb to be put on. First by the Sacrament Holy Baptism. But after baptism ? departed from Ihe paths of God and beca entungled with the lusts of the rlesh and alluiements cf the world. Was there, th any further putting on of Christ for tueh us? ' Ves, my Bretlnen,' said ibe Bisl with emphasis*, ' we may again put Christ, and that by true repentenre.' THE CONFIRMATION. In the afternoon the rite of continual was administered in the church. XI were 72 candi'lates — 30 mule and 42 feni 20 of these were from the country, and v . prepared by Mr. C. J. Allen. The i email were prepared by the Vicnr. As is cust ary, the ftmale candidates were, gownec white; wiih a pretty head dress of the so When Ihe tun pouring through tinttd windows glistened on their pure w veiling the effect thus created was not i picturesque, but impressive. It server emphasise Ihe importance and solemni' the occasion, as nothing else could- i done. The candidates occupied feats iiV : centre of the church. The remaining spaces were crowded with worshippers, including friends and relatives of the candidates. There was, as is usual at ceremonials of this chaiacler, a vast preponderance of women. Children, too, were particularly numerous. 1'iior to pei forming the rite cf confirma tion Bishop Chalmers, in a brief conversa tional manner, told of its importance, and Ibe necessity that existed for parents and sponsors, seeing that tbe children for whom they had promised in baptism when tbey were old enough, were brought to confirma tion. It might be asked was it necessary, was it right, was it proper, was it a rooJ thing? He would try and answer those queries in a very few words. What were the reasons ? First ot all ther came in obedience lo the instiuction of the Apostles of Christ. Confirmation was an institution established in the church from tbe veiy beginning of the Christian religion by the first ministers of Christ. They came lo confirmation, there fore, because it wub an ordnance established by the Apostles, and because there was a special blessing from Almighty God attached to it. The special blessing of the confirma tion was tbe gift of tbe Holy Ghost of spiritual strength. It would make them strong to do God's will ; strong to confess Christ; strong to do right. They Citne to confirmation, too, in order that they might confess Christ before men. The confirmation followed, the candidates making the necessary vows, after which two by two, they proceeded to the altar rails and kneeling before tbe Bjshop, his hand, rested on their heads, their vows were dul; acknowledged with the . accustomed bleBBiup After the rite of confirmation was over, and suitable spiritual cxerciseB had taken place tbe Bishop addressed those who had thui newly taken upon themselves tbe vow, of religion. First, he said, he wonld e/ivr them a text for their hip and guidance They would find it in tbe 4th chapter o Epbesians, and at the 30th verse :— ' Lai grieve not the boly Bpirit of God, wbereb; ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.1 ' Whereby ye are sealed,' Hie Lordshipsaid meant, whereby j:e, arc confirmed.. .Bealinj; was theoldliatuelor confirmation;' In th New Testament t it was ..called . .thu laying on' of hands and '? also ^sealjng. They had been ' Bealed that nay T-y ibi Holj Spirit. : 'S6w-;COTl(Hhey grieve th. Holy Ghost?- First of Ul *bW ^ieved-tti. Holy Ghost' especially by ''feins : of 'impurity by inipnre thoughts, (by impure' snd1 fou words, and above of t-y impure deeds- Tbi Bishop said lie knew no. sine that oould t* oommltted which -were so grievons'to th. Holy Qhoslqas,' «how;vrinB *bioh wen that young ijiBopIp in ^Australia, in New was not ?'iilogetner'-trut; ?b^eiBBe'%e knev there was no doabtj^mJthemeaUl iiroqin- * certainly was not behaving properly. Ho n funding at the service holding hie book ;„„.. hand and his other band was la hie rocket And while he wae Btanding in that PouDt'inE 60rt ot WBy be-WM ,Bin,8InBvOr nrnleftini to ting the praises ot Almighty god He had not the slightest idea who the joungman was. But it was that oircum etwee wnich put it into his mind to speak o Ibem about the sin of irreverence. When bey came into Hie House of God let them how they believed ihey were id the House o God. When ibey prayed let them Bhow [L believed tl.ey were praying to Ood. Said His Lordship, ' I do not know bow a „,„ call believe he is praying to God when terit.10-' comfortably in his seat as. if he were at home.' in presenting a pBtitwo 'o an earthly sovereign Dr. Chalmers pointed out we should bend the knee, and ,et when °' \,rae«'-'- — - --ions to the Lord of -igs, we Bat in our us did, and leaned tere talking to the Cultivation of the ; ???si Ibem more than religious life. SERVICE. . . id in every putt for vo special anthems ??What are these' \- ncga,' both by Sir exceptionally well 5 taken by Miss Eaton. clicd the sermon. J on Malachi, 3rd t verse — ' And the Euddenly came to uid well prepared 1 of the advent of ! hi6 coming, and the fulfillment of old lind foretold. lich he referred, to have been Christ Jesus. icher impressed ] one be wished sudden and un jord's coming in i the past. Again he would return . confidence which ted legarding the men and women ; of Christ, and )u, was the very :ig and that his y were familiar ' they must find the possibility of was appealed to. ? .._s asked, and was not cviilution te n in nature— one thing de veloning from another, and there were those ubo thought it impossible that the present Elate of things could evercome to as end. The very improbability of Christ's coming again was their argument for its certainty. 