IN THE GREENROOM. The Thespians are issuing inventions for another of those pleasant evenings of theirs at the Bohemia Hall. The comedietta " Who's to Win Him ? " will be presented Three players known to Australia- Mr Harry Paul ton, Miss Grace Warner, and Miss Hope Dudley—are in the cast of Louis Parker and Murray Carson's new play, "The Termagant," with which Miss Olga Nethersole opened her London season last month at Her Majesty's Theatre. Miss Nethersole will impersonate in this drama Beatrix of Moya, the lady who was immediately instrumental in securing for Columbus the Queen of Spain's patronage,, after he had wasted years of his life in vain, supplications. A returned Australian singer tells a malicious story about Melba. On the occasion of his visit to her he mentioned Collins- street. " Collins-slreet!" repeated the famous one, in a foreign accent, with a far away look and great effort at recollection, " Collins-street! Is not that in Melbourne?" Her memory is Btill good.nomatter what sneering tongues say. According to Mr Frohman, the famous American manager, there is going to be a tremendous revival of comic opera in the near future. Musical comedy is de.-id, so he says. William Rignold has a second daughter on the stage—Miss DoraBignold —who is playing Lady Hermione to " The White Heather " in the English provinces.. Miss Ada Crossley has been engaged by the Boyal Choral Society to appear during next season at the Boyal Albert Hall. Ada is evidently having a Boyal time in London. Sarah Bernhardt rehearsed " Cleopatra " five hundred times before she was satisfied enough with her personation to court the notice of an audience. According to her custom, she read every book,, pamphlet, poem, and anecdote she could secure bearing on the character, and studied every known history, while her leisure moments were given to making copies of Cleopatra's dresses, jewels, and appointments. Minnie Palmer, the original " My Sweetheart," was appearing in musical comedy at the Queen's Opera House, Crouch. End, N.W. London, when the last mail left. " Ta-ra-ra- boom-de-ay " Lottie Collins, no longer the high-salaried star that. Bhe twinkled as five years back, is now showing at the Theatre Metropole, CBmberwell, E. London. John Tiller, the mentor of the beauteous Quartette that showed at Cremorne, gives his name to a lot of tersichorean troupes. Tiller's Eight Diamonds were star attractions at the Crystal Palace, London, when the last mail left. Mr Horace Wheatley, who was sosuccessful as the Baron in "Cinderella" three years ago, has been encaged for a return visit to Au6tialia 1-y Mr Harry Rickards. Two violinists, Lady Halle (Madame Norman Nerada) one of the victims of the recent terribly fatal Alpine climbing craze, and Mone. H. Poussard, of Sydney, have, recently, " passed over." The young man in our street who has struggled gravely on (and don't we know it) to the Hungry Fox (page 11, Duet and Tune Book) says, a la Mark Twain, " that he doesn't feel very well himself.". "Managerial experience in the West isn't the game it is cracked up to be," writei "Two Al'.s" "Would you credit that tho owner of one Perth theatre netted the nice lump of JE93 over a one-week season of musical comedy, while the unfortunate 'lessee and general manager' lost .£25 through walking the ghost ? " Miss Bertie Bergin, the dancer Cydonia in " The Sign of the Cross," iB a cousin to Patrick McManus Glynn, B.A., I L.B., M.P., the forceful South Australian Oppositionist. A curious trial is shortly coming off in Buenos Ay res between a singer and an impresario. In 1890 Tamagno, the famous Italian tenor, was engaged by Ciachi, the Buenos Ayres impresario, for a tour consisting of 40 appearances. For this Tamagno was to receive the pretty little sum of .£26,000, of which £6,000 was paid down. Tamagno began his tour successfully, but, by his fourth performance, one of the usual revolutions broke out at Buenos Ayres. The prudent tenor, not wishing to risk his skin, made all haste to embark on the first steamer bound for Europe. Hence the trial, for the impresario demands the return of the JE6.000 advanced, while Tamaguo claims the whole of the honoraiium stipulated, forgetting that if he goes to South America he must expect to come across an occasional revolution.— There has been a lot of . silly talk by 1 hose who profeBS to know everything that the leading parts in " The Sign of the Cross" production here were to be presented by understudies. In the first place " The Firm " occupies far too high a standing to attempt to ruin their good name anywhere by foisting a lot of understudies upon the public as first-class artists. In the second place, neither Mr Plimmer nor Miss Hughes would be understudy to anybody, their position in the profession being far too high for any manager to dare to offer the suggestion. As a matter of fact, we doubt whether any of these art sts would accept an' engagement if the parts they were to play were not equal to the roles of those whose understudies Billy rumor says they were. In the recent " Harbor Lights" revival at Melbourne Princess Theatre, Miss Emilie Hughes, due here with " The Sign of the Cross " Company, played lead, whilst Ada Ferrar played second fiddle to her. Cyril Keightley, of the " Sign of the Cro c s " Co., is a son of • a heroine of the bushranging days in N.S.W.,who, when her husband's life was threatened by the outlaws (Dunn, Gilbert, O'Meally and Co.) rode twenty miles at night, and when in a eriticnl condition of health, to obtain his ransom. A few years ago Mrs Keightley appeared on the stage in a drama founded on the ine'dfjit. Population preservative pur and verificatory verse from Charters Towers "Eagle":—"The papers continue to tell of Coolgar'die ard the gold that isn't there. Premier Forrest announces that he intends to sack 400 Civil servants : If y ou're wealthy and foolhardy, And possessed of lots of means, You can go to f ar Coolgardie And they'll take you down for • beans.' If you're idiotic purely, And you want to lose your tin, You can travel to Kalgoorlifc And they'll gladly " take you in !"' They are very, very kindly, If the ' needful' you have got, And you have to trust 'em blindly If you want to make a pot, 'Tis the custom there to trust 'em Till you've lost the blessed lot, They're an awful lot of cards in West Australia !" If the " awful lot of cards " are only half as " pure " as the artists " on the TowerB " were some four years ago, West Australia has good cause to say, " My God, [ am proud of you!" Our Gingiu Rooster, " Black Spanish," once again : Somewhere about eighteen months ago the barque Europe, laden right up—or down—to Plimsoll with bulk and bottled spirits, got entangled with dirty weather when coasting off Jurien Bay. The skipper was a stranger to the coast, and thiB, with the darkne s, signed her doom. Before day broke her timbers and cargo floated like corks along the lonely, life-forsaken beach. After sundry revels and thirsty recoveries the crew reached Dandaragan, forty miles off, thence to Perth. But while they were in the district Jack Mac (so we'll call him) had all his faculties on the alert, and sizing up the situation like a Sherlock Holtnes, soon foraged out the possibilities that lay 6trauded out by Jurien. Perhaps Jack's shiniest trait was his enterprise, so 'twasn't long before he'd provisioned up for a fortnight, chucked his rug into the dray, and with Curly in the lead, Jerry in the shafts, he started out. " And Simon Peter said, 1 go a fishin'." The fortnight was well past when the familiar creaking of a dray jolted the midnight stillness and advertised Jack Mac's return. The daylight found hitn haggard-loolcifeg, yet with eloquent reportB of the fishing out Hill River way. But the first thing that struck this bird's eye on perching on his palings three months later was the quantity of unused hoop iron and broken staves strewn about the place, and when a curious observer judiciously led up to the topic, Jack sagely remarked, " Yes, I had some great fishin' that trip, no mistake; never bit like it afore. Can you len's a pipeful, mister ? I'm jes' run out." Words of a dying cannibal: Write me down as ore who loved his fellow-men. Rumored that a valuable Westralian timber concession recently acquired has been sold to the Japanese Government. The vendor is said to be a Scotchman. Fremantle lias a new morgue, which is, on the testimony of a member of the foorce, going to rack and ruin for want of an official opening. A.pleasing feature in this item is the denial by the Coronial Pooh Bah of a statement that the affair is within HIS jurisdiction. The poor morgue looks as though it wasn't going to get an " opening " at all, though many less important institutions have had the whole panoply of Governmental pomp exerted in their behalf, before using. Just think what an opportunity to point a moral, and adorn a tale is here. How a Westralian Premier or Crown Minister could enlarge on such a subject as, gay—the Dreadful Death of the Drownded Drunk. Dear CLARE'S : Galled at the Public Library on Tuesday and asked for a file of CLASS'S WEEKLY. The reply was, "We don't file it." I then asked foi a file of the " Wjpst Australian," but was' told that it wns*being bound or something, so couldn't geti&r-CrrizEN.; [We understand that it is tnP&uty; of the librarian to see that all local papers are filed, and as we have supplied the library with a copy regularly, we would like to know what is being done with it.—ED.] Murray-street, Perth, is more than holding its own in new buildings. In addition to the shops being erected for the Wesleyan Church Mr. Woolfe has put up a commodious hotel elaborately fitted up; and > on Mr. Richard Holmes' property, wherfe eight weeks ago there was an old cottage, there is approaching completion a brick warehouse of three flats. These arc being erected for Mr. J. H. Joseph, who will carry on his well-known musical and fancy goods Wfainess there instead of at William-street, where he is at present. Mr. A. Nelson, of 8t. George's-terrace, is the architect, and Mr. J. H. Bellion, who has just finished Milne's warehouse in lower William-street, is the contractor. T'otherside Theology : " I believe in n personal devil, and I pray that I may never believe in anything else. When a minister nowadays mentions bell, you can't tell whether he says • sell' or ' well' or what he says."—The Rev. D. H. Dillon, at the Christian Endeavor Convention. What a cheerful confession of faith. A personal devil, and he prays he won't believe in anything else. THIS is dreadful, Mr Dillon; You are nothing but a " vilion," Or your head is far from level. To confess this awful Devil; He's dead ; And perhaps it's just as well. The other parsons sound his knell, In that—they only whisper hell, For they know it's nothing but a " sell." How often, O how often, do people stumble over Truth in out of the way places! This little jewel is from a muchadvertised patent medicine : " Whilst in West Australia I was attacked by influenza, and as I had heard so much about the sickness in the West I felt very bad." It is a lady who is speaking, and we quite believe her. What with the Terrible Typhoid on the right of us. and the Frightful Fever on the left, and the t'otherside journals helping us along with their Morbid Mendacity about our Marvellous Mortality, the individual who could feel quite well in health in WeBtralia a year or two ago was a philosopher of no mean order. Councillor Tom Doyle is likely tobe Kanowna's next Mayor. "The Sketch." These two famous brands of pure Ceylon Teas are recognised by experts and teadrinkers to stand unrivalled in the world's markets. For flavor, for excellence, and for excellence they are unequalled, and no householder who once uses these teas will use any] other. The packages are nett weight, and they aboriginally put up on the plantations in Ceylon, hence consumers can rely on getting the pure article. Purchasers will be able to recognise the value of these productions, and in the 6ame way as the "Great Lipton" has beaten the record at home in the demand for his famous teas, so surely will the name of " Devenish " rank high in West Australian history for having placed before the public a thoroughly sound article that is the delight of everyone who is fond of good tea. With a view of inviting consumers to test the truth of these statements Mr Devenish has determined to issue a coupon, through the agency of CLARE'S WEEKLT, which.will entitle the holder to receive, freedelivered at any railway station in the colony, one 201b. box for 30s. It is needless to say that a P.O. order, cheque, or postal note must accompany cnupou. A sample package (51b. nett) can also be had for 7s. 6d,, or a sample pound for Is. 8d, 