A SENSATIONAL STORY. Was ha the Duke of Portland ? Tlie Wealthj Upholsterers' Disguise. Extravagant Revelations Promised. Iii a vault ia Highgate Cemetery lies a coffin, and in that coffin rest, or are supposed to rest, thc mortal remains of Thomas Charles Drucc, a wealthy upholsterer of Baker-street (tho London correspondent of tho Daily Telegraph wrote on March 18). But the silence of tho gravels to bo brohea, and the tomb is to yield up its dead at thc bidding of tho Consistory Court of London. . Thomas Charles Druco is dead now, but was ho dead when he was buried ? The decease of this remarkable individual is shrouded in mystery, and wo are promised by his daughter-in-law revelations ot such nu extravagant nature as far surpass thc most whimsical imaginations of ingenious novelists. Mrs. Cruce decían» that that coffin contains not thc skeleton of her father in-law, but a stone or nlump of lend, and that that gentleman was walking about in the flesh far some time after he was supposed to bc sleeping his last deep in the family vault, and was seen by people who had been in his service, and who for a time lost their mental bataneo through fright nt the sight of his supposed ghost. This story is, Indeed, au extraordinary ono, but simplicity itself to the further allegations that Mrs. Oruce makes. Last week Or. Tristram, the Chancellor of thc DIoccsa of London, sitting in a Consistory Court in St. raul's Cathedral, granted Mrs. Anna Maria Druce, a widow, n faculty, authorising thc opening of a family vault in Ilighgato Cemetery, and tho temporary ie moval of tho two uppermost coffins in thu vault for tho purpose of ascertaining whether thc third and lowest coffin, which hail been placed there in December, ISO!, purporting hythe death and burial certificate's to contain thc body of Thomas Charles Druce, really contained any body nt nil. The two uppermost coffins contain tho bodies of Walter Thomas Druce, tho son of Thomas Charles, about whoso death and burial in tho vault in 18S0 thuic is no depute, mid of Mrs. Anno Drucc, the wife of Thomas Churlos, who undeniably mnrrlid him in 1851, under tho name of Annie May, nnd who diet and was buried in 18'Jil. lu support of her application, tho living Mrs, Druce showed that she and her sou, Sidney George, who is in Anstralia, ami lias ju.«I attained his majority, hail an interest in the estate of Thomas Charles, and desired thc examination of tho grave to corroborate a claim which sha intended making In another court. Mrs. Dracc's story in the court was that Thomas Charles Druce was proprietor of the Bakcr-strect bazaar, and a resident of Hendon. Iiis coffin was Interred in ISfi:) on a certificate of death which described bini as 70 and as having died of abscesses, gangrene, nnd exhaustion, but which was not signed by n medical man. His death was notified to thc burial registry by his eldest son, Herbert Druce, who said ho was present at thu death. .It is between Herbert and Gcorgo that thc coming contest will be, ns tn which of the two is thc dead man's heir-at-law. George's mother alleges that Herbert, though thu san of Thomas diaries and Annie May, wns born before they were married, and thereby hangs n sensational tale. This much ls certain, that Herbert originally claimed as lioir-nt-luw, and was, registered as owner of tho gravo hy the cemetery company, but that when George attained his majority Herbert's solicitors aureed to his name being expunged and George's being entered instead as owner. Mrs. Drucc further stated that she was informed that Thomas Charles on the day on which he was supposed to have died was at his house at Hendon in his usual health, and that about thc same lime n servant in his employment was instructed to remove tho lend from thc roof and take it into tho house. With this lead sha supposed her father-in law's coffin hail been weighted, and she further affirmed that when the vault was opened for the burial of Iiis wife in 1899 it was found that tho son's coffin, placed -there in 1830, had dropped n distance equal to the Bpaco that would be occupied by tho lower collin, and that, in consequence, just before the burial of Mrs. Annie Druce, the coffins already in tho grave were hermetically closed down by a stone slab. Mrs. Drucc believed that Thomas Charles did not die until 1SS3, but continued his existence as a Dr. Harmer, a iunatia patient in Dr. Forbes' Winslow's asylum, ana she said that she had seen him nt Maidenhead with an attendant named New from this asylum so late as 1874. Dr. Forbes Winslow identified a photograph of Thomas Charles ns tho picture of Dr. Harmer, who was in his asylum in 1877, and " called him- self a homoeopath, and danced like a bear." This Dr. Harmer, whilo with him, had an nttcndnnt named New, and 13 months after- wards left tho asylum only improved, not cured, with New still in charge of him, and died about 1883. Mrs. Drucc's husband had told her that there was a mystery In tho family, and his mother was very reticent about Thomas Charles' death. Mrs. Druce, it appears, has been on the scent for some time, nnd has been agitating for years to have tho vault opened. Thc superintendent of thc cemetery states that she offered him £50 to do it. Up to this point thc story was sufficiently sensational, and there was just enough pro- bability and thora was just sufficient facts in support of it to make it creditable, but when once Mrs. Druco became tho prey of the interviewers, the sensation became trebled, as did the personality of this kind of Jekyll and Hyde. Dr. Harmer was not Harmer, but Druce, who had been interned in nn asylum under another name-a ; not infrequent practice, according to Dr. Winslow. But, furthermore, Drucc was not Druco, tho pro- prietor of tho Bakcr-strect bazaar, but tho fifth Duke of rortland in disguise, and his eccentricity and remorse for his brother's death lcd him, strangely enough, to choose n. Bakcr-strect furniture shop as a hiding place, and tho ritfe of its proprietor ru ' his incognito. This was the weird story that Mrs.. Drucu told last Saturday to a newspaper Interviewer. " Tho marriage which took place on October 30,1851, nt New Windsor, Berkshire, between my late hus- band's father and mother, and in which their names aro recorded as Thomas Charles Druco and Annie May, spinster, was in reality between tho Marquis of Titchfield, afterwards thc fifth Duke of Portland, nnd thc illegiti- mate daughter of the fifth Earl of Berkeley. These two had lived together for many years, and the circumstances which lcd to their intimacy and to tho subsequent double lifo of, my husband's father are ot a most remarkable character, and also serve to throw a very strong light upon what have always been regarded as the extraordinary eccen- tricities of tho fifth Duke. Tho, latter and his brother, Lord Gcorgo Bentinck, wcro both in lovo with the same woman, but while tho rounder's suit received thc appro- bation of their father, tho latter not only dis-, couraged thc desire of .his eldest son, but treated him with insult. On September 21, 1848, Loni George was found dead nenr Welbeck Abbey ! it was stated from a spasm of tho heart. From that timo my husband's father suffered thc keenest remorse and the most abject fcar.; Nearly. always in a state . of terror, he took various courses for his protection, and adopting tho name of Thomas Charles Drucc, transferred to himself as Druco immense property, from himself as Duke of Portland. You know quito well tho manner in which ho under- mined Welbeck Abbey with subterranean apartments ; ho did precisely the same thing with tho Bakcr-strect bazaar,- his desiro in each case being that he might have always ready a place of refuge But, realising the risk of exposure to which ho was subjecting himself by his double existence, ho deter- mined to end his Ufo os Drucc, and for that purpose caused a coffin to be buried with his supposed remains. Even nf ter this, however, thc fifth duke's fears were not quieted, ami nt lost he determined to assume madness. Taking the name of Harmer, and conducting himself in thc most extravagant manner, he caused himself to bo placed under the caro of Dr. Forbes Winslow, and succeeded in entirely convincing that gentleman of his madness, but after about a year of incarcera- tion he was then permitted to leave. As to why my husband's father and mother did not marry for so long, it is imponible to say ac- curately, but probably the desire to conceal the facts surrounding the lady's hirth had n great deal to do with it, the circumstances in her case being also of an extraordinary character. The fifth Earl of Berkeley married his wife-a Miss Cole-in 1785, snd then many years later had to go through tho same ceremony again, for thc House of Lords, in 1811. declared tbe first union illegal, my husband's mother being born before that date. I myielf was a Miss Butler, and my father, being ugent for Lord Pembroke, thc latter acted for u tims as my guardian, lc was through going to thu same school ss my 'husband's sister that I first met him." Sidney Gcorgo Drucc, therefore, is, she states, the real heir to the dukedom, and his mother declares that he bears an extra- ordinary likeness to several members of the Bentinck family, and that her youngest daughter suffers in a lesser degree from the same skin ; disease that affected the fifth Duke. Meanwhile, difficulties havo arisen that will cause thc postponement of the opening of tho vault. Thc cemetery company ap- parently require the written consent ot thc owner of tho vault, Sidney George, who is, accoiding to Mrs. Druce, resident iu New South Wales. Ono would imagine that all concerned would have been glad to have the question of Druce, Duke, or doctor settled once and for nil, but the solicitors of thc sur- viving executor of Thomas Charles Druce have entered a caveat forbidding tho disinter- ment. A correspondent wrote on March 25 :-The mystciy of thc Druce's vault in Highgate cemetery remains unsolved. A man with the ordinary tools of a general laborer could put an end to doubts lu a couple of hours. But there are a number nf people without tools to be dealt with first, und they increase ia number as thc days roll by. |. An appeal to the High Court of Justice is now probable under the following circum- stances : Mrs. Drucc, alleging that there is no body in the collin nt Highgate, convinced tho Chancellor ot the diocese, in open court, that it is a matter which ought to ba determined, and he granted a faculty. Other interested parties applied to the Chancellor to hold his decree in abeyance. The Chancellor granted them a specific period in which to place their opposition before-.him. They have now applied for au extension of that period, so that they may Invoke thc powers of the High Court to keep the grave undisturbed, by ruling that th« Chancellor hos no juris- diction and, therefore, no authority to permit the search of tho grave. The application for further time was mads on behalf of Mr. Young, the surviving executor of Mr. Draco's) will ; Mr. llerbert Drucc, sou of the deceased; Mrs. Grant, a daughter ; and the children of Mr. Louis Bruce, n son : nnd Dr. Tristram, thc Chan- cellor, directed that thc application bc made in his court nt the next sitting, which will not take place for some little time yet. If the case gets Into tho High Court tho gravo will probably retain its secrets (if any) till tho next century dawns Why should there ba such serious opposition to Mrs. Druce's attempt to ascertain thc contents of the coffin ? Thc objection of the average Britisher to have the remains ot his forbears disturbed scarcely suffice] as an explanation of expen- sive legal proceedings iu the High Courts of Justice. _ 