A Son of the Soil. (By J. Brunton Stephens.) Said the Preacher: "All is vanity!"-- appending as a reason That the things we find our pleasure in are bound to pass and pall; But it seems to me that whatsoe'er en- dureth for a season lsn't half so vain as whatsoe'er has never been at all. When you find that what you've hitherto been wont to make a boast of Must be numbered with the visions that from muddled brains proceed-- When you find that in respect thereof there isn't ev'n a ghost of Fact to back it up--ah, then you may cry "Vanity," indeed. From my tend'rest years l've plumed myself on being an Australian-- An Australian pure and simple, of the most authentic brand; Scotchman, Englishman, and Irishman, alike to me were alien; I was sibber to King Billy through our common mother-land. To the pride of local genesis my being was surrendered; The worthiest of immigrants I looked upon with scorn As exotic interlopers under foreign skies engendered, Though transplanted to my country fifty years ere I was born. What although they wove the fabric of Australia's starry banner From the fibre of their being till the tissue was complete,-- 'Twas for us, the young, to wave it in our own emphatic manner In the face of all things ancient, Euro- pean and effete! "Ours the fitter hand to hold the reins," I sedulously boasted; And whenever at the festive board occasion would allow, "Australia for the Australians!" with a hip-hooray I toasted . . . . And to-day I learn I'm no more an Aus- tralian than a Chow. Would to heav'n I'd been content to play the "Native" single-handed, Nor sought to be enrolled in that ac- cursed A.N.A.! But the vain ambition seized me to be registered and branded As an organised Australian--and I gave myself away. Not long to crush my fondest pride the the ruthless Council tarried; Yester eve I made my overtures, the answer came at morn-- "Dear Sir, at last night's meeting 'twas unanimously carried That a person born at Battersea is not Australian born." "At Battersea?" . . . "At Battersea?" \--unwitting of objection I hardly ever looked at my certificate of birth, Which, now "Returned herewith," brought dimly back to recollection A tale of my nativity on t'other side the earth. How my mother (rest her soul) by way- ward appearances fretted, Cried aloud for the Old Country and a breath of English air; How my father, ripe for holiday, her last caprice abetted . . . And l, a mere expectancy, went with them unaware. And though the self-same year in shining dells of myrtle found me, Where the wattle shed its perfume and the lories flashed like gems And the white acacia blossoms flaked the verdure all around me-- I had been born in London on the Surrey side of Thames. Oh, vanity of vanities, the birth I made a boast of! Oh, insubstantial vision of an inadver- tent brain! And the self-confounding sentiment I made so brave a toast of-- Gr-r! I jumped on my certificate . . . I have slept upon the question. I have faced the problem squarely At the favored hour of wisdom when the darkness turns to grey: I have reckoned up "nativity" impartially and fairly, And I've come to the conclusion they are fools, the A.N.A. If begotten of and from the soil, what lack I to be native?-- What matter where my skin first felt the chill of mundane airs, If my origin was here, in this alluvium procreative, Whose substance reached me through two generations of forbears? That an accidental deviousness in time of incubation Should make my Whence irrelevant, and pin me to Whereat-- Do they really mean to play on me with calm deliberation A pyramidal, orbicular absurdity like that? But no matter. Let them hug their narrow canons of admission; The A.N.A. are not the only natives in the land, There is yet another outlet for my vir- tuous ambition; I will hie me to King Billy; he will take me by the hand, He will lead me to his tribe, on slight pre- liminary payment; As a resurrected ancestor my status shall be fixed; As a native of the natives I will rid me of my rainment; I will rub me with goanna grease and charcoal intermixed. I'll adorn my head with feathers, and to decorate my body I'll grave it o'er with diagrams, and fill the grooves with clay, I will capture me a lubra by the suasion of a waddy-- And who'll be native then, my high and mighty A.N.A.? 