CIHiISTLAND. somne distrirts are r'ihli in ghosls= Sldebe(i'n gho:)sts. you uIdershnud. In lonqldldilth I came(lI :Iross the tlrllces il" Two lint wer tio-\ril" believcd in by iht, inhMbitants of the locality. One haul her liotia illn Ia linli l llity illn a very tic qilartt' . lanill 'ose ai s the ll I ceI ofi h:etr appmriliott a disuse't pumlp whliitch stoold up is the1 east CorInerl. Trladition! rln tihIl in days of yore a t rt'naunJewv ordered ihI -g:al pllunder nearl thel sptlt. IIt, eat lll lllt : k rln Onle of 'his freqtluei t allsue' l find t ht1: at hio Ilheatifl'l iln n:linormltlI Il betrayet d his :,secrets ito her Žontile lover. Bllind withll fury-, he (-htd- ll her 1o l10111hel ho11me illnt the cor irrt.cutr'dly. if :I Cerllnan iew tlakes Up hsll ilstle in thils alley, she ru ? 2 iseen on vert:in nights in a kneeling attitude and shrieks for help. Le thiasls iti uty, 1o11 e'rna1u Jew \'ill lie there by choir.: Ilhe 0ton111t1 sihe.is vlieni. by t111. wo mnsan. 'lehild, he is- made to take i pl hiis lousehihl goods andl depart. r Thl1 e other spiritual ,eleb)rity of the lhundsditclh region is not so metnhodicatl in his h1bs111. and U th inenting of his visits cIIlneot he traeid. le ihats no head, and his irunltk is s'ilbthed in gloonin rlater thlu iin any thing more distinctivel. He alppeirs iat erratic intervals, and follows "¢hom1 lie chooses. lie will follow for a long di+ lane1. 1not only into the :-treet. blut illnto your toery house; and from his slouching gait 110 is known as the "'sailor ghost." it is uselIes ito try a1nd plut an end to his pel!i'attiC. rambles with gunpowder. You 1hooFl through space, and--he walks onjtlit' till' s'ame. He never overtakes•' you.Oifi Lhas an e'itspleratin'g trick of vanishltIg if'.oie attei;nls to tou0htt him. lie lht?s left no legend,1 and can be idenc tiflied ith nothing. He may be look ing for his head. or .ihe may have lost his'- . wV iii Spirit-autd. Anyhow, he is thie 1hos0" melindholy. unsatisfactors sliost tiiit ever trod this eaith 1t is :iitt to inioossible to follo-w link. tl. in 1 a -ns hcl, if 'i"q gt hold of it: the itih n litiOn clihani g ~0o quickly, aii tiSehi.iclinliioi ieinig to scoff it thle mar elloi -i1t'iiils receive, littl iittention. I onli: m .tifh oii0e t is a tiht had a be -linIiii i?i 11n itld.' My informanit was "i bc Mliolicmm t1i 0i hose, llilt inlhided lthe. spot 'here. tileh:iauited? iouse had stood Thr locae wits u-Spitallitlds, and the 1liveliing two-storey'ed.an.0ttimble1 .ldown. Foirierly, it lid been at tatvern. 'bni ts tieke-r ones s,?rerin tin i Iihe'vi cinity it became what would be called now a shelter for tramps. At the top of the house was a garret, which, as tle robt let in the rain, was only used when there was an overflow of guests. Gradually it 'cami to be whispered that the garrieti was hlauted. Sleepers there were reticent about aout what they saw, ex actly, but, .oming down with bloodshot e:es and haggard face, refused to spend anottll. night at aniy cost in the samer quarters. At length two hold and roy steriwg fellows, undertook to pierce the iiystci'i.' ei'f Prioied' with 'plefinty=iof liqu1or ind irev:olv;r eclh, they mer rily startedi:lteir:night's, wai'tch "In tii? morning- one w?'a found ii a. .fit, wlhilh tlihe oiler hadat wonndrous -l tleto tell;to aycrea'iturei half womin hidlf ape, th'iat ca?ne at ·iidiigiiht poking and peering abo?ut the floor, as if in search of some thlinig. Thelir description of the weird ligure, with it lmairless headand skinny claws, 'w:as uncahun in deed, and. fron that night the, cehamber was shunned by the inmates, even, Cisith a shrinking ter ,ror. ?,ts the tale iwas relfeated, custom graduilly filled, and the horise changed o'imrs.. The new'proprietor was of up todate' ideas,, and.: logically concluded thaI:.if thi?cre:titre was. in search of .oinethini , theIre was 'something. to be fonild . ith inagiinatiou full of ai hid dein tireasure e waited foriher:tppear uineci, and wis fotiinid it "d n stretched onthe heatrth, dea:d . with one long roed haiir twined round lhs left hand. That finislied Sthe ihiseo: its repaliltation be clime. such -that it hid' to .be pulled d6ow: uiid iii digging foiindatious ,for thil present rection, *t :-copper -vessel w'is founld conaiiinig coinsatnd a lche -velute of red-gold :hiir! Even imore ghastly is ithe tale aittaci ed' to a certanicourt, where u. a old woiilmn onee lived w-ho received bi)bies that' noblody 'ow?d!id It was an under stood thing that they were to die or dis anfpeair within a given tile. H Cr iiifa mnous r-ide pro0peredi hlilost to. iiion .venieneit:e for it hbec:ne:. difinlt-to dis poti' bfi'he infiints soeiuiclki writhout exciting suspicion:. So ,ihme conceived tle- eliedisli: idel. Oi seitiugii te to elie hlisoe ,'i al etrting rid:f o a 'litch Ji. once. The planli ucceeded.. Thehouse 'was buridd, the childi en too;. ild . the criminnl Vanishled, no doubt to continue 'her crinies soimewhere else. 'B?t to this day, so it: is issertidi on ithe anniv-fr sair' the cries of thiose, babies can ibe heard firt id near by those gifted iritli iir occult sense aniid I ha?-e iudstioned manils who 'arefirm- in their testimony th:it they have heaird the souids them-' selves, though wilien pressed they'o'i"'i thiit tliey.could not sweir, is to chil dren crying--it was more like a stioth ereiS choRe.- "Cassell's Saturday ,our nal." 