Professor and Ghost. It ls.very rurely.indeed that a matter-of-fact pro fessor of scientific truths becomes susceptible to the influence of that evanescent, intangible thing common ly called a ghost; but Professor DoJibear, of Tufts College* Mass., can now tell a ghost story from per sonal experience \ylth one of those unearthly- visitants. Not only did he see one "with hl»>own eyes," as the dime novelists would' say- but he actually -conversed with it, so we are informed by a dispatch'from Bos ton a few, days, ago, which contained the information thus summarised. The story has reached the know« lege of the Society for Psychical Research, -therefore it is reasonable to suppose that the learned professor will be catechised and investigated by the Bociety' in order to get at the real basis of the occurrence. The fact that a college professor had seen and talked with a ehost wl-ll.-no doubt tend ¡to stimulate the belief that ghosts are. realiities, after all. According to trie story Professor Dolbear had just returned from Eliot, Me., where, he attended the recentt meeting of the. American Institute of Electrical Engineers, at the home of the late Professor Farmer. Professor ^Dol bear, it appears, one night during his visit; at Eliot, slept In a room known locally as "the room of the seven doors." This particular room ls a small com partment; nearly square, and is light,, airy, and com fortable. The collection of doors," of which there are seven all just alike, is" its most notable feature. They are finished/in the natural wood, and each has a white china knob. Professor Dolbear had spent the pre .vlous evening, so the story goes, talking,with Miss Sarah J. Farmer, daughter of the deceased electri cian, and when he; retired he wäs thinking of the professor. What followed is best told in his own language. He says:- ''How long, I lay .there before sleeping, or. whether I went to sleep ¡ at all,- I : do . not know; but presently I wàs conscious of some presence j in the room. " A moment later I saw Farmer standing by the bed;-at least, I recognised the figure.as that of Farmer, and I was surprised, but I do not recall that- I - was very much, startléd. 'Hello!' he said, or something of that sort-a salutation, at all events. I replied in kind, and said: 'Who are you?' T am Farmer,' was the answer, and he held out his' hand to me. . . ' ; -, "I shook harids with him. and I . thought, as I did so, that the fingers felt a little cold. I released the hand, and was thinking about the matter, when con sidering what next, to say. When I looked up he waa gone. If I was awake at the time, I fell asleep again; at any rate, I let the matter pass, though somewhat puzzled; but very ¿bon the figure was again standing by the-bed. 'i ' "ÏTûo not know,"".- continued Professor Dolbean "that I .doubted it was Farmer. but I thought I would make certain; so' I said, ''How shall I know you^are Farmer?' . -J \' v ; "j " -it-will show you my hand,'.:he said. In the dark I saw that he was holding'out''his hand that I might see lt: But I was determined to take nothing for granted, so I said: 'But how shall I know it is .Far mer's hand?' _ J ' - ; " 'I'll slhow you my finger," ¡he replied, and then he crooked up one of the fingers In such a peculiar way that I tried to .imitate him. I could not do lt with out the assistance of the other hand, and while I was trying to perform the little trick the figure disap peared. I puzzled over the .vision, or dream, or what you choose, for some time; but; then I once more went to sleep (If I had- been awake), and I saw nothing more of the figure. . In the morning I told Miss Far mer"o'f my experience, td her very great interest. When . I catae to the. trick of the fingers she looked.at me astonished. ** '" . . _ . " That,' she Bald, when Illustrated as best I could, 'Tvasja favorite little trick of my father; few people could ao lt.' \ \ ... ' . Üfii.appears," Prof. "Dolbear concluded, "that when ever Farmer met a person tb; whom lie took a liking, When the acquaintance carrie tb an informal "footing, it was his way to hold ,:out his. hajnd, crooking his finger in the way I have.shown you,/and to say: 'Can you do that?' It was'- a-' little thljig, perhaps, but peculiar to the man, .WeYall have'fminor character istics hy wbich we may : be known."-"Electrical .World." N.Y. . ir- -: 