CREERBS'fAR GHOST. ] Why had Celia refused to take me into the attic rooms, and why had sh<; Haiti in such a strange maimer Unit, "it was getting dusk ami we must go be low V” This was tny first visit to Greenbrier, a gloomy old pipco some miles from the city, which uncle had obtained at: a bargaiu because of its reputation as he- { ing t he abiding place of a "real ghost.” ! And Cousin Celia had been showing mo the house, but stopped short oil the landiug, refusing to go further. j Now, Uncle Kemus, with his whole family, disbelieved iu spiritual mauifes- j tations with a vengeance. Certainly, (lien, Celia was not cowardly. No! there were other reasons for her peculiar air! as she preceded me down the narrow' flight of shadowy stairs to the hall be- j low. I was certain of..it; my curiosity! was aroused; I was sure a mystery ex isted somewhere above the third tloo'r. and 1 soon found myself planning to in vestigate the matter, even if f had to visit: the apartment by night. The family residing there; and of whom Uncle Kemus purchased the pro perly, could explain the mysterious sounds they heard, but had siiid -tttift "dice a very wicked man'lived there, who. after receiving a visit from his brother, a. wealthy man of tile East, suddenly wout away, none knew! whither. After that the house and j grounds were held for sale through an agent.” How true this story was I did not know uor care. My relatives "pooh- ! poolied” the whole of if, as well as tlie visitations, and why should I concern myself in the matter? I only wished to find out. the reason for Celia's strange < manner, and to see the contents of the ] garret chambers, and this 1 was deter-j mined to do, by some hook or crook of fortune. ; Awl fate was unexpectedly and un-1 kindly kind—If .1 may express it that way—sooner than I dared to hope. It was evening. Celia and I were under the trees, loitering about: in the twilight, discussing plans for the mor row. when a man crossed the lawn and dotfling his cap to her said; "There has been an accident over at the Meadows this afternoon. Miss Lisje. Mrs Glynr'ord desires you to come over if you can; it's her husband who is hurt, ma'am, in a. runaway.” Now, Mrs Glynford was an especial friend, and of course Celia must go. She looked at me. "Go.” said I. thiukiug of tlie third story; “go, by all means, for I shall get along nicely. 1 shall write to mamma or read to Aunt-Lucia, or, tiring of both, retire.” She kissed me fervently at this, and ran off to make ready for her good Samaritan call. Presently she came back. “Flossie,” she said, "dou’t take it into your head to explore tlie garret j chambers while l am gone: it: wouldn't be pleasant to go wandering about a lot j of cold, silent apartments in the night” (I fancied she shivered); "besides, mamma doesn't approve of lights being carried through the house; afraid of a conflagration, you know." And she laughed nervously. I concluded to dissemble. "Do you | imagine I am brave enough to stalk that' ghost alone in the night watches?” I asked. “Kest assured that 1 shall keep below?” This satisfied her, and she walked away toward the house once more. I stayed under the trees until ten o'clock; then I went to my room. As I laid 1113' watch in its ease I fell to musing. It seemed to me that my cousin had weightier reasons for not taking me to Close chambers; or else was over parti cular, Tnaeefi.— -•___ , My rooms were on the ground floor. M eat harm would there be in my go ing to tlie upper floor and, perhaps, walking the length of ' tlie corridor ? None, 1 peeped out into the hall. Every body was abed; all was still, and the moonlight came softly through the groat, windows above, flooding tlie stair case leading thither with a silvery radiance. “To be afraid on such a night as this!” I ejaculated. “T am going to the corridor, anyway.” . Suiting the action to the word, I ascended the steps to the first-landing and stood a moment peeriug up to the mysterious corridor above me. The next flight of steps was not long, and soon I found myself on the next floor on the forbidden ground! Three narrow windows lighted up this lonely, silent: place rather dimly near the landing where I stood, while the other end of the empty corridor was dark. "Well,” I said, “this isn't interest ing: iu spite of Aunt Lucia, I believe I will bring my lamp.” As I turned to go down 1 caught sight of the gleam of lamp-light shining out across the polished floor of the corridor from under the door of one of the un explored chambers. Celia, liad given me to understand that no one occupied this floor, and that the rooms were not even furnished. Suddenly it. dawned upon me that I had come to the mys.tery! Seized with a startling impression of danger. I started hastily downstairs, hoping to reach my own apartments lie lore being discovered. But before I had descended three stops, tlie door above opened, and a stout- looking man came out, dragging something after him. Instead of rush ing away to my rooms I stood rooted to the spot by a curious feeling, as if I wore not.myself, but another. Slowly and laboriously tbe man came down 1Iie corridor toward me with ids burden. As lie drew near I shrank bade in horror; he was halt carrying, half dragging tlie lifeless body of a mur dered victim—murdered, I kuew, by the gaping wound in his throat, from which the blood still trickled down. I saw it plainly as he passed me in the moon light 011 the lauding. I held my breath; what next? Would the stout, villain ous-looking wretch see 1110 and kill me for being an eye-witness to his awful crime? No, lie took no notice of 1110 whatever; but opened the small door to tlie attic over the wing, an!, dragging the body into the darkness beyond, disappeared. Instinctively f looked toward the room from which the lamp-light shone so brightly 011I3- a few minutes before. .id was dark and silent. I looked once more to the attic door; it was shut, and I saw that it had not been opened, the bolt above the latch was not dis turbed. "How did he get in?” I sat down on the stairs ill a. cold sweat. I laid seen— •not llesli and blood, but the Grcenbriar Involuntarily I shivered and came to myself again. Somehow I felt that I had gotten back from somewhere; the clock in the hall below struck twelve. I tried to rise, hut in vain. My head swam; I felt queer; tlie corridor grew black as uiglit above me, and I knew no When I became conscious again it was morning—bright, sunny day, and Celia was bathing my temples. “He killed him,” f said excitedty look ing at Celia, with all the horror of the night before in mj- cj'cs. "Be still, dear,” she said gently; “you are ill, and have been dreaming.” "No,” I sa.id; “I saw him drag the body from the chamber at the end of (he con-id tor. ami Cake it into the attic over the wing on the west; no, Celia, I haven’t dreamed it.’* My cousin gave me a startled look of inquiry, hut said nothing in reply. I 1 could see. however, that she was very much disturbed hy what 1 said, as site tidied up the room', while I lay watch ing her. - I was ill three weeks from the shock I had experienced, and, had not Celia, returned shortly after • midnight and searched for me. it may have been that this sketch would 'have remained un written. When I was able to think of return ing home, mieli; came to me and said— “Whatever you saw,of thought you saw "I did see it. Uncle Ilonins,” I inter rupted excitedly. “There, there!-’ lie said.depreentingly; “whatever it was . that you saw,' it, doubtless, is something hot very plea sant to have under your own roof, at ■least.” ' - “And now.” continued lie. confidenti ally, “the. place’is st tine one, and de sirable save this—this—wlmfever it is; it will hot take long I t liud a purchaser for tfle.ubriar, and tile-favor I wish to ask of you. Flossie, is-to not mention this experience of yours where it might j hurt dhe'sahv^dh^l-id.^^y " ■ . I nodded*iuy lioaft-imd sajl, playfully: “How much busb-uipnoy vill you give me uncle1?” . - ]-Je looked at me for a nninont, then i said. “A hundred dollars, Kbssie. if you | keep ’muni’ uuijl 1 make a ;ood sale.-’ j “Agreed,” 1 exclaimed: “agreed,Uncle l.’cmus.” He must: have made a “good sale,” for in six weeks, after lily return home, he sent me the reipurod aniouui.iand f call it the price ol the Greenbriar ghost. I learned afterwards, that through a chain of circumstantial evidence, the most important of which was finding the skeleton of -a mau in the attic of tiie western wing, at .Greenbriar. the notorious first, owner had been brought to justice and convicted of the munier of his brother. It seemed that his brother was very wealthy, and hail brought: a fabulous sum of moucy with him, in tending to; invest, it improperly in the vicinity of Greenbriar. The wicked brother., finding this out, determined to have it at any price, aud so took the man’s life, secreted the body in the attic, and giving out the victim had returned home, sold the property, and with his price of blood left the place. After the discovery-of the skeleton in the attic and the.execution of the red handed murderer, they say (ho Green briar ghost walks the lonely corridor uo more.—“West Lothian Courier.” 