the black ship. A MYSTERY OF THE SEA. BY CHARLES B. LEWIS What was known in marine circles as "The Black Ship Mystery" covered a : space of a year in the last year of the fifties. If there was any honor in first sighting tlie black ship, it goes to the brig Sea Gull, bound from Boston to Liverpool. I was second mate of the brig on that voyage, and on the night of April 30tli, 1S59, we were lying almost becalmed in mid ocean. There was no air along the decks, hut a draught aloft kept steerage way on the craft. At midnight when I came on deck to re-" lieve the chief mate the moon was shin ing so brightly that it was almost like day. There was no change of weather to look out for, and a more quiet night at sea could not be imagined. I had been pacing the deck for half an hour or more when I suddenly caught sight of a vessel coming down on our windward quarter. The sti-anger seem ed to have stolen out of some fog bank or cloud of mist, and yet the atmosphere was clear as a hell. As I stood rubbing my eyes the man at the wheel caught sight of the craft and called my atten tion, and just then she luffed sharp up and took a course pai-allel with ours. I ran for the glass and levelled it at her, and as she was not above two cable " lengths away, I had every detail as plain as if I stood on her rail. She was a small, full-rigged ship, and anything about her which would bear a coat of black was painted that color. This ap plied even to her masts. The hull was a much finer model than ours, but there was a slovenly look aloft, and her sails were not well set. To my amazement I could see only one person on her deck — the man at the wheel. There was no oflicei-, no look- out, no sailors looking at us ovex the rail. It was about ten minutes after the stranger came down upon us before I called Captain Craw ford. He took the glass from my hand and gave her a looking over, and there was a troubled look on his face as her tui-ned to me with : "This is about the queerest thing that has overtaken me in all my experience. She seems to have a dead man at the wheel and if she has a ei-ew aboard, they are in hiding. I'll hail her, and see if I can wake anybody up." The captain had a voice like a fog horn, and his tones would have carried to' a craft a full mile away. He roared out a "Ship ahoy!" and hailed again and again, but thei-e was never a move ment aboard the stranger. The black ship was holding true to her course, and seemed to be as well steered as our own craft; .and while things had a queer look, it was only a mystei-y as yet. Find- ing that his hails were not answered, the captain took the glass, and spent full five minutes with it at his eyes. He had just lowered it when the five men of my watcli came aft in a body, and one of the oldest of the men doffed his hat, and x-espectfully said: "Captain Crawford, if I may be so bold as to say it, that there craft is either a pirate which is going to lay us aboard very soon, or it's a death ship, and we can't get away from her any too quick." "There are no pirates in these seas," replied the captain, as he rounded on the man; "and, as for a death's ship, that's all nonsense. Dead men can't make sail ! and steer a ship." "But look at her sails, sir!" persisted the man. "They are rusty and old, and I don't believed they have been touched for weeks. What she is eai-x-ying is only enough for a gale, and if she wasn't a racer we'd be drawing away from her in no time." With a growl at their supei-stition, the captain ordered the men forward, but I could see that he was both puzzled and troubled as he ordered the man at the wheel to luff a point and bxing us nearer the stranger. The wheel had scarcely been moved when the stranger also luffed. The man was then ordered to let her fall off two points, and the yards were trimmed for the new course, but the men were still pulling and hauling when the stranger fell off, and thus preserved his position. Neither in luffing nor fall ing off was there any pull at his yards or sheets, hut as the wind was light there was no actual need of this to keep his course. "He can't be a pirate." whispered Captain Crawford to me as we stood . gazing and wondex- ing.- "If it were any, one meaning us harm, he knows the size of our crew, and that we are unarmed, and hecouldhavehoai-dedng a los s m and he would have been aboard long ago. It may be a craft which has lost every body aboai-d by fever or plague, hut how, is it that she sticks to us as she does ? Haven't seen the man at the wheel make the slightest move since we first set eyes on him." By this time the chief mate and all the men of his watch had turned out, and for a time all discipline was forgot ten in tye eagerness to solve the mys tery. Twice again we luffed, but the black ship was not thirty seconds be hind us. Then we fell off; but she per formed the same manoeuvi-e, and her course was still parallel. Of a sudden there was a long-drawn wail fx-om the south, and the light wind became a rat tling breeze in a moment. We were not only off our course, but the men had to rush to stations to trim sheets and yards," and for five minutes all were so ) busy, that no one paid any attention to % the stranger. When the bustle was .X over, the black ship had disappeared. ;.! The moon was shining just as brightly - M as before; but hough a man was even 3 B|t aloft' with a glass and swept the Hgl|foot by foot, not a sign of our mys- Euglbiis visitor could be discovered. An Hgisitry was made in the log-book. I wrote Hsne' matter out in detail, and every of- Hber and man signed his name to the njsit&tement.; It was published ou onr ar- EBSyal in Liverpool, and while some sneer - HR&d; -at it, others were inclined to believe Kgpihat we had seen what we had seen. BjfKlt would probably have gone into his- Iggitbiy as a sailor's yarn, however, ' had Bphtthe Engl ish me chaaitma ; Good Hope Hshfet with a queer adventure three weeks MBEfor- She bad called at Fayal, in the BfijUsores, and had made a run of a hun- flgpred and ninety miles to tbe north, and Bgpws Jogging along under all sail one HSnlght at ten o'clock, when she overtook EGphd passed an unknown craft. It was Ettlt starlight night, without -the slightest Eiiiisign of mist rising from the water. The H||unknown had no lights out, and had , ERSpassed within a hundred feet. The chief had the watch, and hailed her, but ESgjgot no answer in return. He was still EKpursing her carelessness in sailing the EKfcighwgy without a light when the craft Bjicame sailing after him and soon took Ryjjpp a position to leeward and only a Gpgtonie's throw away. Bill -What happened to us of the Sea Gull jSJpioiv happened to' those .of the Good i||STope. The stranger was repeatedly IppiiaMed, but made no answer. " Only one E&pngle; person could be seen aboard of ppher, and he was the man at the wheel — the figure which was 111' without motion except such as ;ihe tosBing of the ship gave him. He M fBtood there clear enough under the gfc naked eye, but the glass brought him so |p:;Close that the hairs sticking out undei RiUs weather-beaten sou'-wester could al- ftmost be counted. For an hour the black ijgyshlp ran a parallel course to that of the BpGood Hope, and the crew of the latter Kfe;got a bad fright over it. There was no jfeincrease of the breeze, as in our case, flpbut aB the fifteen men aboard stoo3 gfchtariing at her she suddenly vanished ||;lfrom the face of the sea. ip- It was three months before the black Kr'shlp was seen again. The American K Ship Bonny Belle, bound from New York |fe.:to Bordeaux, had left the Azores to the p! south, and behind her, when one day at fe noon the breeze left her, and there came iff puntil there was only a glassy ground gglfBwell, and when night came on there iffviras not ,a sail in sight. At midnight pyihe moon rose, and so bright was its gljjight that one could have read a book p on deck. Half an hour after midnight, 5?j;;without enough air stirring to move a ijy 'feather, a strange craft suddenly came Sh into view from the east, and when first fc-ft.sccn was about a mile away. She was fey bows on at first, but, coming down with- 1l in half a mile of the Belle, she swung HP round and displayed her broadside. The £ second mate had the walcli, having jK j come on at twelve o'clock, and, after | v puzzling for a few minutes, he called 'the captain. Captain and mate united |p:; their voices in a liail, wheh was not an- fe; swered, and a musket was brought up p.. and fired three times without eliciting any reply. Captain Finch, of the Belle, ly was a hard-headed fellow, with no su- |1 perstition in his composition, and when 1'. his halls were unanswered he said to Sir. his mate: js; " "Mr Davis, that is undoubtedly the ly black ship we have read and heard fc-: about, and here is our chance to solve pi. the mystery, and perhaps do a nice .? thing in the way of salvage. You will y >. take a boat and pull off to her and see i, Jf she Is abandoned." pi ; The mate hesitated for a moment, and ly then refused to go. The second mate y was appealed to, but he likewise re- gy fused. The captain could have ordered y them to be locked up in their -state- rooms for the rest of the" voyage, but he ?' could not sail his ship without officers, y and after roundly cursing them for cow- f . ards he declared that lie would go him - y self. For a time every man of his f-y crew refused to obey the order to lower ; a boat but when Captain Finch set : about it single-handed, and . said he ; would pay the visit at all hazards, two . sailors stepped forward to accompany him. The captain said of his adven ture : "When we had approached within a few fathoms of the strange craft, I or dered the men to cease rowing, that I might look over her. She had no name painted on her stern or quarter. She 1 was sadly weather-beaten aloft, and there was much rust on lier black sides, y - Her model was half clipper, and any ¥ sailor could see that she was easily handled and sailed like a witch. We 1- rowed twice round the ship, hailing her several times and then I ordered the V men to row me under the bows, that I i; might climb up by her chains. They ; hung in the wind and would have re- ' fused had I not menaced them with the , revolver I had brought in my pocket, y As I climbed up the chains I ordered them to make the boat fast and one of I them to follow me' up. I counted ten y objects lying about which I verily be- : \ lleve were dead men wrapped up iff blan kets, though for reasons shortly to be iy given I could not make sure of this. The decks were not otherwise littered ; up, though even in the moonlight I could see they had not been cleaned for II months. was ready to go aft, and was wait- P tog for the men, when I heard the splash 0$i\6&rs;, and turned' about to discover 0,jthat the cowards were making off. I fetaL once fired a shot over their heads, Sjhtf threatened to make targets of them; ||Kgit menace them as I would, the most tljiheylwould do was to hold the boat at Jojtjafcoiit forty, feet from the e. j -To reach it Tlhad to leap Belle I could not induce .others, to row me hack to the derelict. The men did not seem to fear her as a ghost ship so much as a plague ship. The entire crew were on deck, and looking full at thc- black ship, when she suddenly began to move away from us, heading to the north. There was not a breath of wind and if there had been a current we should also have moved, hut yet she slowly and gradually drew away from us, and in the course of an hour was entirely out of sight. My belief is that she was a plague ship, but at the same time I confess to being greatly mystified by her strange actions." The black ship was seen once more, and for the last time about a month later. A British man-of-war was sent out to look for her. and after a cruise of two weeks to and fro without sighting her, the Government craft found her self becalmed one night about midway between Azores and Madeira. At half- past eleven o'clock the black ship was discovered. Of a sudden she appeared- within half a mile of the man-of-war. Ten minutes after sighting the mysteri ous ship, Captain Crimmins, of the Grampus, had two boats in the water, and the officer in command had orders to board the derelict, and overhaul every foot of her. Away went the boats, but. they never reached her. At a point about midway the black ship suddenly settled down, and two minutes later her topmasts were out of sight beneath the sea. Some bits of wreckage were picked up and preserved, but nothing that could identify her, and to this day her name, port of hail, and the fate that made her a derelict are matters of conjecture. I have always held that she was a for eigner, and that her crew died to a man of some terrible epidemic, but as to her mysterious appearance and disappear ance, and the nature of the accident that finally sent her to the bottom, I have no theory to advance. For a year or two afterwards various ships reported as having seen the strange craft here or there, but these reports were not consi dered authentic, and no further search was ever made. — "Weekly Budget" (Lon don), 