MOSTLY UP NOMH. I don't like harping*!! one.^trtjoc too longior fear ib would gat out oFtane. bat I must recount a little inoidant tW took plaoe at the Benevolent Asylum th» other day ?which may help to bring aloZ a remodelling of this now notorious In stituHon. A giddy young wseaL only ai yean of age, had the temerity to rebel against the menu ot the asylum, and ha assumed suoh a pugnacious attitude that it was deemed beet for the welfare of Hi. place to (fall-on him *nd -take him to a quiet come* where he «oula h»Te«i de. bate with himself fend could be found when wanted. 'This t\i battle-axe had nothing much to do bntto^oatnumnj the reserve till be -felt Jtan^bgtk, was a bit of an eploure In his way, aid because he oonldn't have winkles on I orumpets lie stilted to paint the pUoe in I lurid colors ana swear in several Un. I nages. Bfeww first observed seated on I the floor of the banquet hall belohW I out fiery ootses on everything, and njt*. I ing that the devil would slack lime on I every member of the committee of tht I asylum before the son went down. Ai I soon as he took a spell td Mohftrge hli I battery of bad language he was drooped I out on his ear and when he oame to he I found he had been rewarded with four. I teen days without the option. There matt I be something wrong when an unsonhu. I tioated child of 81 (molt of whom an, I satisfied with a quid of shark-nose to I ohew) kicks against the dietary Boile 0( I the Benevolent Asylum. I Laoneeston can now bout of an Owhei- I tial Society which any oity of much I greater pretensions would be proud of, and 1 most of the kudos belongs to Mr J. p I Lithgow, the capable tputa of St, I Joseph's Band. By the establishment of I this most appreciable society he hu I achieved a feat which entitles him to a halo 1 aa hlo an a hfnrale track.for aarona whn )». I to do with a team of amateur mneioiui, I and Lannceston mnslolani inCpanicalu. I can readily understand what a csntan. I kerous. kicking team they are to drive. Ai I soon as a young manor lomebouyelte'i I aioter can measure a conple of yards of 1 'Nelly Bly' on a seven-and-six-pewij I fiddle he or she begins to become a menace ? to the peace of the town ; it is then they I become versed in all the uncharitable dm I specified in the Litany, and make rude I and unkind remarks about everybody else I who is learning the art of torturing 1 I string box just the same as they are, lie; I are always eager to join a society for the I production of the ' workB of the Qteit I Masters' as soon as they can master twg I tunes ; (one is generally ' Home, street I home,' and the othxt isn't) and are even I willing to play first fiddle.bat if the con- I doctor has tbe temerity to intimate to then I that they had better «ay nothing bnt uv I wood, and kindly take a seat in the rear, I and let the professionals make the running, ? they withdraw and set up as teachers, Hi I Lithgow, however, has now got with him I all the best available talent in the North, I and so far none of them have attempted to I take his life. He exerts a magic infiuente I over them somehow— how he does it is 1 m paralyeer — the result is the music-taring ? people of Launceeton are now .provided ? with first-clnss entertainments iu which ? the best of tbe operatic gems are inter- ? preted in a style that is commeodale to all H who take part. The concert on Wedaes- I day wib an intellectual treat, and mum I crowded that anyone who wanted to ? applaud had to put his hands together ? behind his baek, and when be wanted to ? laugh, as bo many did in tbe Gipsy coprui, ? he had to laugh stiaigbt up in the sir, ? there was no room in front of him. Let me ? tell you the Launoeston Orchestral Society ? is going to be a great institution— ttie dog- ? snaveller isn't going to have it all h-s own ? way. I I don't believe in ghosts or spooks- I they are uncanny things that give one ? the creeps), especially when he is about ? three hoops up, but if the shrouded ? shadow of the late 6am Plimsoll, 'The ? Sailor's Friend,' was to take a tun ? round our wharves occasionally he H would make things particularly unoom- H fortable for some of the West Cout ? traders, who mercilessly overload their H floating coffin ships. A bit of a hooker ? bound for the wild and dirty West went ? out the other day with oloBe on oni ? hundred passengers when she had bo- ? oommolation for hardly a third of thit ? number. She had two small boats and ? a few old life-belts to be used in cue of ? disaster. More than half the passenger! ? had to doss on the open deck, and grub ? when they could and how they oould, ? Considering (hat the treacherous Mac- H quarie Harbor bar ie being blocked b] ? the bones of many a good ship, some ? effort should be made to regulate our ? sea traffic, and oar Marine Board should ? exercise their authority) but they an ? just now suffering with a swelled head ? over their new purchase, the dredge ? Platypus, and they have no time to look ? after the interests of the port. When ? an appalling loss of life tabes plsoa, ? however, they will yawn and wake up. T ? 