POSSESSIONS BRITAIN HAS GIVEN AWAY. Aocording to the typical Continental statesman (says an English paper), John Bull is the biggest land gtsbber on the faos of the globe. Franoe and Germany more especially are never tired of sneering at our alUoJ "uarth hunger. " Indeed, if those la'.ior oi'ltios and rivals aro to ho beliovod, wo havo not only stolon with a freo hand in Africa, in Amcvion, nnd in Aria, but we are only prevented by lack of proper transport facilities from annex ing Mara and establishing a protectorate I over Jupiter. There may be some truth in all this. Tho British Empire has a knack of growing. No one can deny that. But, on tne other hand, wo have— within the last 100 years or bo— natually givtn away what to any other nation would con stitute an exceedingly valuablo and in finitely respectable colonial empire.. For instance. Our cousins tho Americans, and our old enemies tho Spaniards, havo fallen out about Cuba. Tho island was once Britain's. So wore tho Philippine Islands, another bono of contention. So, too, wore tho Ionian Islands, Tangier, Minorca, Corsica, Curacoa, Sicily, Buenos Ayres, Monte Video. Java. Pondicherty. the Celebes, the Moluccas, to say .nothing of half a hundred other valuable Islands, tortile provinces, and fortified towns mR area up tad down tha toot of thli bid glnlio of ours, And moat of thorn wo have surrendered, be it remembered, not ihobedienco to tho irrosistiblo 'demands of siiporlov forco, but of our own free will,, aijd in accordance most frequently with tho dictates of a grand — if mistaken and quixotic — idea of duty. Take, for ox- ninplo.jho coBsion of tho Ionian Islandn in) 1804. We captured them from jho French, after a good deal of hard. fighting, in' 1809, .Wo ravo thorn a constitution, built a university at Corfu, abolished she vendetta, and promulgated eqfual laws for all and sundry; and then, after more than 6(J voirs of educational and civilising work, and the expenditure of millions of money, wo . calmly, and without the shadow of u ghost of compulsion, Imndcd thum ovor to Greece, ..It is a dood of wliioh -no- -other" nation but England could have bcun capable, and which it is devoutly to bo hoped England .will novcr repeat. Tho surrender of Tangier was oven more deplorable. Wo hold -it for 21' years, and then quietly ovneuatud it afcitho bidding of a handful of fanatics, led by Gnylan, the sovereign chief of Fob.. Colonel Kirke, tho then Governor, strongly protested, and offered to -hold tho fortress indefinitely if. 600 men wore sent out from England, together with £5000 wherewith to pay thorn. Bub the Government declined. They could, thoy said, afford the men, ' hut nob the money. Tangier would now ho considered dirt cheap at 50 times £5000, for it lies almost immediately opposite Gibmltar,. and, possessing both thoso strongholds, Eng-. land could absolutely control tho Straits and effectually seal up tho Mediterranean. Cuba was takon by us in tho rniddlo of tho suinmor of 1702, at a tiiuo when an unusually virulent epidemic - of' yellow fovor was raging. Wo lost 6000 mon in fivo weeks. But wo stuck. to bur guns and triumphed, in the good old sturdy British fashion. What our soldiers gained with ono hand, however, - our statesman gave away.' with the' other," . A. year later, just when tho island had bccomo pacified, and tho elements of good govornmont established, our hard . won possession was handed back to tho horrors of Spanish rule— horrors from wliioh it seoms only now likely to emorgo. An ovon more roprohonsiblo national crime was tho surrendor of tho Phillipinos to tho samo blood-stained gang, for nob tho most bigoted of tho Littlo Englandors of that day and generation could havo boon ignorant of !how vastly important tho islands must necossarily becomo to us. Moreover, Spain was soundly thrashed in a selfish war of her own seeking, nnd would have accepted pence on almost any terms. Yot wo handed over tho con quered possessions for a paltry £800,000 — not a single ponhy of which, by tho byo, was ovor paid. To many visitors to Westminster Abbey it doubtless soems strange that ono of tho most magnificent tombs in our national mausoleum should bear thq namo of Gonoral Stanhope. To tho man in tho strcot, at the .present day, the cognomon means nothing. To our forofathors of a generation or two ago,, however, it meant much. For Stanhope was tho conqueror of Minorca ; and Minorca, as lias neon wen remarKoa, was tho Malta of tho eighteenth century. Wo took it in 1708, and huld it off and on for tho best part of acontury, at tho end . of which timo it was handed ovor to the Spaniards. Apparently thoy got it. bocauso thoy asked for.it.. At all events, no historian has ovor assigned any more cngont reason. Our extraordinary com plaisance in this respect is tho more curious bccauso wo had previously thought so highly of tho island that, for moroly tailing to relieve tho garrison, wo had - poor old Admiral Byng tried by court martial, nnd shot oil tho quarter-deck of his own fing ship. Oorsica occupied a slightly different position, asadopondenoy, from Minorca, insomuch that its inhabi- . touts had 'themselves placed thoir island under British protection, nnd elected Goorgo ni as their, king. It was ours, freo gratis nnd for nothing. It did not oost us the life of a single soldier, or tuo expenditure of a solitary penny piece. Nevertheless, wo thought so littlo of it that, after, governing it for three years, wo withdrew our troops, and loft it to tho morcy of tho French, who, needless to say, promptly annoxed it, and in whoso possession it has boon ovor since, uuriously enough, during tho throo years that tho British flag flow abovo tho ram parts of Ajaccio, Napoleon I was n resident in tho city, and was, therefore, during that spaco of timo, n British sub ject. And whilo on the subjeob of Corsica, it may bo mentioned that wo 9eem always to havo had. a peculiar penchant for giving away places in the Mediterranean. In addition to Tangier, tho Ionian |Island, Corsica, and Minorca, concerning all of which mention has already boon made, we also owned, at different periods, Sardinia, Sicily, and Elba. But wo let them all slip. In . tho same way, and only quite recently, wo parted with Heligoland to Germany. In this case, it is truo, wo aro supposed to have recoivod a quid pro quo in Africa ; but it would probably nuzzle anyone, save porhapi a professional politician, to say exactly in what it consisted. 