THE HAUNTED. *iOUTaAINI$ OOLONEL 'ODY'S SEARCH, S3W IO LNCE OF THE WVEST. BY CODONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, Author of the "Mysterious,Man-in Blue." -c. ifiP TEt LXVI. -THE SECRET . OUT. 2yie young girl had listened` to the ,wor2s'of her brother'with deepest at tenl'on as they rode alongand wonder ed -why he was telling her the story of her own life. W, hen his secret was known, she said, after her joy and surprise were over: "'You have told me, brother,- of your strange life, - and how yoli' had been a ' rover about the world. But, after all, you iemembered the home in the West -we had ns children with oui loved par ents: --We can both now:. recall like a terrible dream the night our'mother was killed by the renegade chief who led the Indians. and, as we supposed, our father was murdered also. It was soon after that you and I were parted. "You have-caid that the longing was upon you to find me;-andato do so you came again to the wild'West, and be came a ranchero. A strange destiny led our paths together again here in these mountains, and I can hardly believe that our father still llves and that we are also to see him." - .? "But it Is true, Zullta, for lie was not killed, as we supposed, thlat awful night, and a fearful life he Rus had of it. He, 'too, canie West to find you and me, and to'avenge his wrongs upon the man who had caused all his suffering, - "That villain, let mie tell you, is the Mfonarch, as we tw know him. He is nJso the road-agent chief Captain Law less, and the renegade chief, White Eagle. "Guided and alde"by you, In my wanderings about'?the' mountains as the Ghost of the Haunted:Port. the charac ter you played 'before :my coming, I found out the Monarch as he is, road 'agent and renegade chief in an Indian tribe, but through all haunted, as we know, by the demons of crime conjured up by his past life. "He it was who killed our mother. and who wreckledour father's life, and ere-long I shall blitterly avenge all his wrongs upon us. 'The man I wounded the other day came here to hunt him down, and that man is our father. He lies wounded in-his cabin home, wound ed by me, and I am taking you there to nurse him, while I go on the trail of re venge. "I shall leave you there, and go to the Beacon ItRockto meet Surgeon Powell to-night. I 'shall guide the Surgeon Scout to the cabin,' and get him to see Just how severe the wound is, and save our father.` In return I shall rescue Colonel Cody and-Lieutenant Seaford from theM3fonarch's clutches: for he is only holding them in the Indian camp to get a big ran-sgm for them, or keep them as hostages for his life, should he be captured by-Colonel Ferris. "I can rescue them, Zulita: for you aknow how easily we entered the Indian village that night, and removed the bod ies of the three scouts they had killed. That must have startled even Colonel Cody and the lieutenant to see us leave the village with the three scouts upright in the saddle and enveloped in white, for we did that trick well. "Next time I will take the two live pil soners from the village, and while they will be free, their renegade captor shall go In Irons. We have done our duty. Zulita, in warning the fort, and we will soon end this wild life, and our father will be with 'us, 'and, what is more, he will be avenged." The young girl was so full of all that she had hed she could hardly believe But I??ee' iftiernof? they amie to the Hermit's cabin, and, dismounting, Burt Braxton-as -the reader knows the "Ghost" to be-softly entered the cabin, and Zulita heard his fervent utterance: "I have returned, and thank God you are alive." 