I y Women's Ways. ] There; are few things I enjoy, more-on OCCJ :eion~than ".taking email children to a theatre,. ee pecially to' a pantomime. They are so absorbingly interested,- so amazingly iii earnest over it' all, and 4heir remarks . are so- quaint,' and their ques tions:^ so puzzling. . Some .little ¿folks froml: the country** were^ ' al-1impÂtlèàçè, for ?' the ',' ^blindV . to gb up, ; and were . full of : enthusiasm over what they described as "the transfiguration scene." The immortal--harlequinade, out of which, it is- slid, the whole pantomime of " modern days has boen evolved in Une course , of centuries, is, however, the crowning glory '. in 'their eyes, the "only draw back being that it comes to an end all too soon. ? * . ;* . \ * * "If we~-want the suffrage, now* is th« time to organise," says a" spirited lady writer in JL con temporary. "The . election is . coming,' and the politicians are clrpady beginning, to tremble,." she adds, encouragingly,. ànd though the fact that the anonymous one boldly . announces her own conversion to. the party, it is crushing to learn from ^ the* same authority that. "we haye no sen sible or Influential organisers." (That' is à par ticularly. nasty blow for' the W. S. L.). Then follows the reiteration of the old story that men hive no respect for women--they smoke in their fac&5^,trampUv°n thair .frocks, use naughty.; words ;in" the omnibuses,..(and/^eiually/'^llow'; a woman to stând -when shV.has persistently crushed her! way into a crowded; trairri.' ;The only cure for this shocking state of things, according to the ; lady writer ; aforesaid, ;js that ; " women should' have :thë" power of driving 'menVbut ,bf Parliament." -The idea suggests a wide field" to the errant "fancy, ¿but does not;strlke,qne aa, of gréait practical vallie. ^or niy.^part I confess, tó^á-considerable sympathy with the gentleman who "allowed the chiaanpion of ? woman's rights to ."stand upi for .tihsm," instead of occupying his seat, _ while* I am convinced, that the type of woman who is least likely tb meet with politenesö and consideration is the one who "shows herself . to be the. imost independent of them. ? ' * .*?*'.. I am glad to hear'that the pretty actress known on the stage as Beryl Faber Is to be married to Mr. Cosmo Hamilton, a London author. I only knew Miss Faber slightly (she adopted a Latinised version of her less unoaoiimon patronymic of Smith), but I 'always thought her face one oí the saddest and most pathetic I had ever seen. She looked an impersonation of the tragic muse and I have heard that hers waa a sad story. Faces .however do not always form a trustworthy guide either to character br 'history. George Eliot says very truly in "Adam Bede;" In speaking of the pretty, soulless Hetty Sorrell: "There are faces which Nature ohargas with a meaning and pathos not belonging to the single 'human soul that \ nutters beneath them, but speaking the joys and I sorrows of foregone generations-eyes that tell ! erf deep love which doubtless has -been and is somewhere, huit not paired with these eyes-per haps paired with pale eyes that can say nothing; just as a national language may be instinct with poetry unfelt by the Ups that use it." * .. * . - . . ' ?. * , * . , - - ? ; a Tbe recently-announced death of Lewis; Carroll . (nho Rev. .Charles Dodgson), author of "Alice in-. Wonderland," brings^bäck,memories bf. delightful; "days long ago in .Oxford. remember distinctly,'; when walking down one of the streets bf the'dear old 'classic town, a young .undergraduate, ,who was in the habit . ol attending his lectures, ph Logic, . exclaiming1, suddenly, "'There's. Dodgson, Lewis Carroll,'- you- know." I 'had merely a fleeting glimpse of , the celebrated, man, and all I Tememb'er^is ;the. impression'I''received- of a tall; thin, grey-haired man, with a slight stoop, leading by the hand, in characteristic fashion, a small girl, with'whom he seemed "to be on excellent terms. He was "passionately fond of children,* and they fully reciprocated'his feelings, although he had hone of his own-was never married, in deed. The story" went that he "was, deeply at tached tb the - daughter. bf an Oxford dean, the original "Alice" of his story. Her mother, however, was an ambitious woman,1 and would not hear of the match. I saw the heroine of this romance, too; but the tall, dark-haired,' pictur et'cue-looking girl pointed out to me was a very different "Alice" to the faïr little child whose adventures so many other children have followed with breathless interest. But. all that is years .ago, when I was hardly more'than a child myself, . and she may have children of her own' by this time for aught I know.' At all events, Lewis Carroll's romance is a closed book nov/. -'? * .. ..-».'?'"?».. * "Elise" asks my opinion of Du Mangler's "Mar xian." I'm' afraid I am .one oif those, practical, unimaginative people who cannot appreciate trans cendemtal mysticism, and who are so. distressingly j literal .that they cannot perceive the beauty or the use of the most-: cleverly-woven webs ? of fancy iii 'which" sonne folks love to lose themselves. Be ing one of a minority hardly worth .'mentioning, I am almost ashamed to confess ^that, except for their 'beautiful illustrations, neither ."Peter Ib botson" nor "Trilby",, ever appealed to me 'in the slightest degree; while Du .Maurier's posthumous work strikes me as ' a meaningless and. inconse-. quent jumble of ideas, without literary merit or humaft interest. As regards the central idea', the transmigrated soul- froim.-the" planet Mars, i who Incarnates in the body of Barty and Leah's ninth child, the idea is so old and well-worn that no new setting can rendter. it really original or con vincing. The very Australian aborigine, so savage and debased as. to be'hardly human, yet holds, firmly the belief in reincarnation, as was proved by a story I read recently of'a' blackfellow. See ing his master about to shoot a dingo,' he said imploringly,. "No shoot that one dingo, mitta him my fader-I think.it." Yet the very persist ence of. this idea, among-so many races bf man kind, from the. lowest savage to . the most highly civilised Egyptian or .,' Hindoo, reminds one of what Dr. Johnson says of ghosts. A belief in them, he considers, "could become universal .bolly by its truth, and some who deny it ~with their "'tongues confess it by their faces." Yet-the Psy ohical Research Society notwlthstanding^-we seem to be. as far as - ever from proving satisfactorily the return of a single soul from the bourne to wards which we are all travelling; while rio au thentic testimony tb the truth of the theory of re- incarnation has yet been given-which can tho roughly satisfy mankind inigeneral, even by Gene ral Olcott or Annie Besant. - For my part I . am content to say with Spenser: -??? ,: : > .' Sleep after toylc, port after stormie seag, . Sase after warre, death after life, does great please. 