LAND LOOTING EXTRAORDINARY Ths most eienificant step thai tbe Reid Ministry has been forced, to take since they first ball-dozed the electors into giving them the rein9 of power, is that which ia set oat in the ' Government Gazette.' of Wednesday last. Accord ing to this announcement the ' Jolly and Fats ' find . themselves forced to fall back npon the pnblic estate to the tune of somewhere abont £150,000 ; and to that end they intend sacrificing at pablie auction no less than abont 112,000 acres of pastoral and agricul tural land. ' \- Curses, like chickens, ever come home to Topst. When Premier Reid baited his crafty hook with the Land Tax, he loudly cursed the cursed corse of ' huge estates,' and of the aggregation of enormons holdings in the hands of a few monopolistic Capitalists, Who, to use his own high-falntin phrase, 'were I battening npon the vitals of the coun try.' His rubicund countenance glowed with terrific indignation as he denounced these apoplexed leeches of monopoly, and declared that his far-reaching philan thropic Land Tax would Hot only force them to Contribute almost ail the revenue necessary, but that it also would so much smash np these huge aggregations Me to give every gennine yeoman a chance of obtaining a homestead block at * fair charge or rental. The Income Tax Vas to be the oaknm to caulk up th* incidental, unavoidable leaks in the treasure ship thus slipped oil the cradle of his vast dock-like intellect ; and amid tha blare of trumpets (made in Ger many.)) the venture was floated on to sea . of the great expectations. The heinous crime of alienating one solitary perch ot ' the pnblic estate— tbe patri mony of posterity— was the great anthem of tho creed ; and curses against malefactors in this regard in the past— cones dire and disastrous as that of Kehama — were hurled into the teeth of the day. But Time has an unhappy knack of tramping along heedless of whom or what lies behind. Consequent upon, the loss of revenue at the Customs- house, and the hopeless muddle disclosed im mediately the Land and Income Taxes wen put into operation, a colossal defieit threatened to take a hand in the pro ceedings, such as even Callous Cooh | uur would refuse to affiliate to a by-gone Administration. Then ad ditional death duties were thought of as a tempararr stop-gap ; but that 'Chamber of Cariosities' declined to pass them along at (ill. Meanwhile the feet of those foreign-trade filibusters began to daoik most ominously ia a treasury filled with millions of emptiness, and, as desperate diseases require des perate remedies, the plunge has at last been made, aud almost every unalienated acre of oar land is to go by the board at a panic, or auy other disastrous figure. The upset price of this tremendous litid holocaust appears at one pound five shillings per acre. Much of it, if not the bulk, is magnificent grazing aud agricultural land, aud in normal times, and under normal conditions, should be worth from three to nine times the price quoted. It is spread over the whole length and breadth of the colony, so that how far in extremis the Govern ment realiy is, may be easily deduced from that one fact. But the most important feature of the whole thing, and the one around which cluster all tbe possibilities, is that the terms are twenty-fire, per cent, deposit, and the balance in three mtmths ! Let us consider these. * It will scarcely be denied by the most unreasonable foreign-trader that never eince tbe colony has been a colony have the conditions of life been harder, or money scarcer. How many bona-fide yeoman settlers can possibly purchase any of the lands now proposed for sale on the terms specified ? No man would be fool enough to purchase less than SO acres, because a less area, except within stone-throw of a railway or wharf, would not pay for cultivation. And how many men, we repeat, have a hundred sovereigns current at the present moment 7 Those men who are already on*the land (except the large squatters) are on the very verge of ruin. Follow ing upon the disastrous effects of the foreign- trade hydrophobia, a drought of terrific and destructive persistence settled upon them until almost a few days ago. This was oniy got rid of by, if possible, a worse disaster, in the shape of one of those monsoonal aberrations ' which always result in frightful floods. Even as these lines are being penned, intelligence is flashing over the tele graphs of homes devastated, whole terri tories lying under water, and of general destitution and despair. How is it to be hoped, then, that any of these nowto be-sold lands will be settled upon by small landholders who are, in reality, the genuine yeoman section of the popu lation ? What will actually be the re sult? Why, the wealthy few — the large land monopolists— will step in and purchase practically the whole of the areas offered, and will thus not only defeat the very object of yeoman settle- 1 ment, but will also add to the aggrega tion of already too greatly aggregated estates. Especially will this be the case where any of the projectei sales are contiguous to the existing large estates, as very many of them are, and so ' Jolly and Fat's ' curses are coming home to roost in the light of this most ominous sunset. So far as this aspect of these sales is concerned then, Reid has de liberately somersaulted to the right about on his solemnest pledges, and has taken the very step to bolster up the frightful abuses which he so blatantly denounced and cursed. Cut there is yet another aspect of deep interest to the people at large. As these sales are to be held early next month, and the final payments are due three months later, it will mean that just a week or two be fore the general elections in June, Wriggler Reid will scoop in those pay ments amounting to about one hundred and fire thousand pounds, and will triumphantly proclaim the existence of a tremendous surplus thereby ! Will the people please note this significant fact ? And, when this vile shuffler attempts to gull them with it, will they brand liim with his true title ? Ko matter from what standpoint viewed, these sales are .nothing more nor le9S than an inexpiable disgrace to the country. As a reckless sacrifice of the public estate they are simply criminal, while, as an evidence of the utter desti tution of the Treasury, they are sufficient to create a disastrous panic. Tq the long and uninterrupted Beries of flagrant crimes and misdemeanors of this wicked cabal, this last is a fitting crown ; and placed upon the heal of the crucified people at this juncture, it is enough to make them give up the ghost of national life for ever. 