INTERCOLONIAL LETTEBS. VICTORIA. RACING AT FLE3IJNGTON. A9IIAB I.E'S N K W3URK PX A RimaTrny Knee — An rum in Form. The Clinnipion Unco nt His Mercy. (By ' Ajax.'1 Melbourne, Monday. ?\\\7~ELL, wo havo cot through another ' ' Kowmnrkot Handicap Day, mid tlio ' Didn't I ' toll you brigade, ' are in full blast ncairi. It -is profcty info to sny Unit anybody who knows anything about rncinp said it ono timo or another aftor tho declaration of tho weights that Amiable was bound to win, but it is wonderful how ninny pooplo wunt oft lior a day or two. boforo tho rncu, end liow many, too, there wore who laid tlioir Amiablo inoiiuy off. Tbero was a lot jf mysrory about the imiro duiiiif; tho last tuw days. At tho sportini; clubs people looked vory knowing whonever her' 11:11110 irns mentioned, and t;avo ouch other tlio Impression thut if thoy liked thoy could my tomuthini; surprising. Two or threo members oF tliu ring who- think Ihruisclvos chiverm1 than their brothron full in nicely. Thoy included a couplo of 'dry hash' bookmakers,' that is tlioai who aru Rlwiiys a point -or so ' ..Hliortar in their offers thun tlio market pric.o, mid nlio novor show a dcsiio to hit out. fxoept when thoy think tln«y know 'soim-- lii!(,'s!', Is wns snid on tbecbtu'sa that Mr. E. Knight purulmsod Amiablo bufo'ro tho nice for iiullOnnd contingencies, but tho report lucks continuation. . It, is protly certain, however, that something; bappaued c:i tlio courso. Some now development must havo taken plnce, becnuse after boinjj knocked bnuk to 100 to S Amiablo came with r jump to fl'to'l, and I bclievo a certain Sydney owner put closo on .£2000 on her. At lh» finish 4 to 1 was hoi- price, and in somo ciieur ib was bard to' get an offer against her at nil. It kous without saying that Amiablo's Newmarket Handicap* win nits the books lmr-U Sho was a popular fancy from tho time the weights cumu out, and 'though scviirnl other horses woro backed it was, «irh tho exception of Resolute and, say, fjtrnthi'oy and Precaution, only in a casual (ray. Tho big. money wns '.principally for Amiable, and whon backors wont for any thing else thoy usually put enough on Amiable to cover thcmsolvcs. Her win mis 'accomplished in brilliant stylo. Tho euurso was no doubt very fast on Saturday, but all tlio tamo it was a great performance on the part of Amiablo lo make all her own running and win in lmin 14soc. 'I don't think I hnvu.oviir seen a horse smarter out of slips than Amiablo. Sho scorns to gob «t her top in d few stride's, and how does ihe uallop when she is fairly goinj,' I Reaper, it now nppoars, was ono that tho bookmakers woro depending on to got them out of trouble. Mr. Jlish Solomon, wlio ia nssociati'd with Mr. James Wilson (who trains Kraper) was never tired of laying Amiable. Ho thought, of courso, that Itaipor was. good enough to bout the maie. I bulievo tho trial of tho grey son of Gozo was a niui'volloiisly good olio, and that it ? was equal to winning 19 out of 20 Now . markets. In Amiable, howovor, Koupor met one of tho smartest sprinters we havo probably ovor . soon. Kenper , stuck to : Amiablo most of tlio way, but sho ovou tuiilly ^allopod him down. I: Tim Neitmarket never looked likfl going I: tonnytliiug outside of this pair. All tho 1\. flush gallops of tlio other candidates woro !!ri|;liconough to impress tho track-wiitchors, I; kit when it came -to race against horses 1 hi... Ami.ihlc and iienpo'r, tho Slrathroys, i.locli Maries, Portunios, Ayrehircs and JiVcloces woro nowheru. . Even iv fine Kiil I loper lileo Resolute never had a chance. I: Ho was slow in finding his Ic'gs.'n's was | /onnrnlly expected, and, though heiiuisluid j ttrongly, he had Kpiiiothiiig more to boat -.tliiiii he hud at CauUield.'aud could really , sever };o tho pace with the leaders. Sailor' ?Buy's position was a sui prise, though Mr. : Oxviilniin backed him tor a good stake. Ktrnthroy wns never sighted in tho race, nml neither were Fortunio, Loch Marie, : Auiberito, nor Spectator. . Orpholino and Voloce were well up, bub ''Ayrshire muse ':hnve bpon interfered with, as after being ''prominent for a furlong he suddenly .dropped . buck and: eventually iiiiished :-monj,'st the last lot. Next to tlio Newmarket Handicap race, thu roappearanco of Auru'ni ' was tho in turcsLing uoin on the programme at tflom liigtbn on Saturday. Ho was u littlo short Jin moving in his preliminary, but this is a eliiiriiotoristic of him, and we know, when Kctimlly racing how he throws this off. 1 never saw more attractive galloping than 'that ho showed at the ond ol tho Leger -UM. His short, quick stride is a wotuior fiil thing to watch. To some minds tho long, hwceping stride is the more graceful, but Aurum's, in my opinion, is the very I'poutry ol action. JIo had Tho Tola and luwa in trouble all tho way, and could, it lie liked, have beaten them by twonty or thirty lengths. Safety, tha Hopeful Stakes jvmuer, is a smart filly by Padlock, but I would, had I the choice, eoonor own Cardamon, who ran her to a head. Cardamon is not nearly teudy yet, but ho will probably dovelop into a good three-year-old. He is a boauli lully bied ono, being by the imported borsu Gossoon fiom Aborcorn's dam, Cin namon. That reads like galloping blood, uiu Pirate King wi\s a groat disappoint ment, but Can arn, a colt in Alec Taylor's Itnble, shaped well, and so did Heretic, and both may bo axpected to win before long. I cannot understand the running of Cotos in the Sires Produco Stakes. Ho Old not gallop with tho mine freedom ns lie dul in the Oaltleigh Plata, and Cordite JMuuudto hold him 'for puce all tho way. ?prdite won, but I'm sure he is not as ?pxl as Uiibndil, who showed immense ?pre, but behaved wretchedly. He ran all ?»ver the shop, and in the last half furloii'- Ktt.ilM a dint across tho courso and 'collided ?pi' the rails. Even then ho was only a »cd behind Cocos. Corditir is a very lino ?two-your-old— the sort to dovelop into a ?D^iby colt, llo is decidedly a credit to Vis biro, tho Nordcnfoldt horso, Zalinski. ? llatmlion'B form in tho Essondon Stakos »»» veiy taking, but of course ho was Wnuuting overythiug on pounds bettor torms Blmu ho would in a handicap. For instance ?P»»»8 in receipt of 21 1- from \Vait-a-I3it, H«u latter getting o.^h from him iu tho ?Wrtmhmi Cup. AVait-a-Bit made all the ?pU'uiing I,, Lliu race, but died away at tho ?pwsli, and Hattiilion won very easily from »miii!rite, who was looking a trifle big, but '» race would do tho Carbine colt a lot of :«°a. Bundook showed ho had no proton 10116 10 weiglil-for-UBo form, and Mischief porformod lilto a vory moderato mare.. .? It is surprising how uuliko tho handicap and the woight-'for-ngo form is. ' The Parisioiino rogistorod a vory oasy winirrtho Bruns wick Staked. Sho. was not soon until well in tho straight, but wbon sho cam'o through, nothing had tho ghost of a chance with her. Mr. Sam Cool: has, hor very well, and, he should score again with hor shortly ifgivon a decent chance. Ho has not heon vary lucky of late, and ovorybody wiis glad to eoo him havo.a win. Fitzroy ran woll to tho distftiico, but was pulled off as soon'aa Tho Parisioiino had the raco won, arid tho stewards thornupon censured Cowan for not riding Fitzroy out. Vakool, who ran socoud, will probably win a raco before lib goos buck to Adelaide. Tho V.B.C. Monting will bo continuodon Thursday, when tho CHAMPION RACE. will bo run. Tliia looks tho bost o£ good things for ATJEUJI, and next to him Amberitn must bo con sidered. I do not think, however, then) is any chanco of the Derby winner beating Aurum, who will probably gallop him down. For the MAIDEN STAKES tbore avo a fow promising horses in, and I liko SPENCER ? 1 ' ? CllOITKUORE ? 2 rt'LHSilER ? S On tho concluding day tho AIiL-AGED STAKES will bo a most interesting go, iis tho startors. will probably include ?Ammule,:Wiiit.'ii- Bit. Aurum, Battalion, 'Ayrshire, aud AmberUo. I liko them this way ; AUHUai ? 1 Ayhsiiip.e ... ... ..; ; ,,.2 Amiable ... . .„ ,.,.... .3 Tho UNPLACED TWO- TEAB-OLD STAKES should go to CAKRABA ? 1 itKLlO... ? ... :?... ... '.,.., 2 Keoainkd ... ...... ... 3 LOCH PLATE : AURUH ? 1 liATTALTOH ? 2 liUNUOOK ' ... .,. ... ... 3 