PUBi isiri:n ny si»: rm, ahhanokment. -hWHOSO FiNOCTH A WIFEe r" 4fc. 1 Sensatioiiai $isry 7 .XT" ■,'i\ 7 f gy William [e (|ueux Author oi M ill*- Ureut War in Kuj^lmid in 1897," "Z.rRidrt," "ttiwou duul*/' "Guilty Houdi," MA S«r«t Service," £e.f &o.; •'.OPYfUGH r. CHAl'TEK XXII — (Continued.) 1WA8 silent. The reason Hrimul should dcMi'iid to steal eliri|iie wua inexplicable. One tiling however, uppenred elear—n.iuiely that he IiikI taken .111 min~u;il In forest in the iiulurr of Mrs. l-ain^'s eorrespomleni e. To INC it v\ ;i> ;i inatti 1 for nil 11111Iion lli.it ha lie had In-t ii detected by Ills niiKtri-ss .mil discharged lie could imtchsI upon me the blame for bis betrayal. ' What did you do after lunch ?' I at lust ini|iare'l, returning to my charjje. ' I went shopping,' ahe replied, smiling. ' With whom ?' ' Aloue.' ' Were you nlnnc the whole time ?' I inquired, regarding her intently. Her lips quivered slightly and bur glance wavered. ' Yes,' she answered, ' I ilid not meet anyone I knew.' 1 That is a lie, Klla !' f cried. ' It is not,' alio stammered, pule and agitated. ' I have told you the truth.' ' To prevaricate is utterly useless,' I said angrily. ' 1 followed you through Kensington Gardens, where you were walking with your lover. I ' •My lover! she cried, hoarsely, in dismay. ' He—lie is not my lover. I had never seen him before!' 'Then by your owu admission you have abandoned all respect for me and yourself. Tou are addicted to strolling alone with any idiot who flatters you.' 'I swear I do not,' she retorted. ' You misjudge me entirely.' And she placed her trembling hand upon oiy arm. But I shook it off wrathfully, saying: ' I hare discovered the truth, alas! too late. While making pretence to love tteyou prefer the society of other men. I was a blind fool or I should have din Covered the fact, plain to everybody else, that Ogle was your lover, and that you mourned for him when he met the fate he so justly deserved.' 'He never uttered one word of love to me, Geoffrey,' she protested. ' ' How «an ydu make euoh horrible charges •gainst mo when I love you to dearly,' die cried, bursting into a torrent 'of team. ' Because 1' I said with emphasis, 'because I have myself followed you this evening. Surely Kensington Gnr dens is not the spot where u wife should take reoreation, unless clandes tinely, as you have donc£ No, this is net me first occasion you have lied to \«ne, Ella; but it shall bo the Inst.1 'The last!' she gasped, glancing up at me. 1 What do you mean ? ' I mean that I can have no further . oonfidenoe in you, and that we are better apart.' 1 < You don't intend to leave me. Surely you would never bo so cruel, Cteofliey. It would kill me.' * I have loved you, Ella,' I, said housely, after a pause brief ana full of suspense. ' No man oould have loved a women with a passion more tender than I have done, but now. that I hare discovered how basely I "have been deoeived, my affection has turnedj to hatred.' •You hate me!' she wailed. ..'.Ah, no, you cannot—you shall "not,* she cried aa, rughing towards me, she threw both anas around my neck, and not withstanding my efforts to avert her, pressed her tear-stained {ace to mine. Roughly I unclasped her arms and cut her from me, saying— 'I have resolved. Nothing will cause me to reconsider my decision. We must part,' •It is not like you, Geoffrey, to be cruel to a woman,' she said reproach fully, standing before me. ' I admit I bare acted foolishly, but that man you mw was not my lover. I care for no one except your own dear self.' 'Terms of endearment are unneces sary,' I answered impatiently, turning from her. 'Such expressions from one who .has ao grossly deceived me are absolutely nauseating. I have striven for your social advancement and have loved you dearly, but from tlriB moment you arc my wife only in name.' She buried her face in her handstand was seized by It fit of hysterical Robbing. All her self-control had vanished at the Instant die realised that I knew tbe truth, and she now stood before me bent and penitent. 'Forgive me,'she whispered earnestly. ' forgive me, Geoffrey.' ' No,' I answered with firmness. ' I cannot trust you.' ' Overlook this incident, and I will never again give you cause for jealousy,' die exclaimed. 'I will do anything you oak, only hare patience with me.' 'I bare already had patienoe,' I •severed. ' Yet, deceived as I am dally, we can live together no longer.' ' But I love yon,' die declared with fierce earnestness, fixing her fathomless eve* upon me. * If I lose you I shall kill myself.' 'It is your own tanlt entirely,' I said. ' You have chosen to act in this manner, and whatever are the consequences they are of your own seeking. I suppose you will tell me next that this man who wm with you compelled you to meet him.' 'That is tiie absolute trnth,' she faltered. < 'Ah, always the same lame tale,' I observed in disgust. ' I have not for gotten that night at the Nook when I watched you walking with Beck. No, Ella. There is some strange mystery «hout it all thbt I don't like. You pre tend to love me, but you have some ulterior motive.* ' There is a mysteiy, it is true,' she admitted, lirr oyes dimmed with tears. ' A mystery so strangu and startling Hint when you know tho truth you will 8t«nrl aghast nnd dumbfounded. But wil li its elucidation you will have know ledge of bvwi haw auffaral aiid striven for your «aki»; thiwf'nv 1 '•"» "lily play tliat tin- ji-Yri.-ilioiis tji.il hhiM irtTiir niiiv iii.' I'm-, 'illliinjii to*d;iv volt nir Uh haw ami ilr • lliul, \«111 Will I In 11 It'll I'D liO\V illUI'll ■lie w oiiiiui li.t< I'liiliuvtl j111fi sHcriHci'i? lii'ciiiiM' >ln4 I'jvi.-d \ uu ' •Thou wfiiiuM p.iriunhl tins m\\*li-rv i» rlcjivtl up/ i -aid, <-;<]iii!y. my Ih;ii1, lull oi gru'f. ' V«m refuse to tnkt* nu\ your liushiiti'l. into \our eoulidinrr, therefore 1 am phieeno further reliimee in your word.' • Think/ she eried. dutehinj; my arm* convulsively. i Why should the happi ness ui' both ui' us be wrecked by a mere misunderstanding r" ' A misunderstanding ! ' 1, echoed 4 It is assuredly more than flint.' ' No,' she answered, endeavouring to stilie her sobs. ' You misunderstand nil1, believing lue fulsu to you, whereas I nm acting solely in our uiuluiil interests.' ' To walk alone with a stranger is surely not acting iu your husbii nd's interests,' 1 observed, bitterly. ' All, you are mistaken.' she said, quickly. 1 When all is explained you will regret the cruel words you have uttered this evening.' ' Have I, then, uo cause to object to your acquaintance with this man ? ' I inquired, looking slim))]}' at bur. .' Nouu whatever. lie is neither my lover nor my friend.' ' What is his name 1" ' [ do not know. He did not tell tnc,' she replied. * Was this tho only occasion you had met ?' ' Lt was.' •He spoke to you casunlly in the street, [ suppose ?' ' No, we met by appointment :it Vic toria station,' she answered quite frankly. ' By appointment! Then you know liim V ' No, our meeting was arrange I by a third person. It was by no means of an amatory character, I assure jon.' ' What was its tibjectI asked. Slowly she shook her head. ' I can not tell you without relating to you facts that I dare not yet divulge.' ' All! us I thought,' I cried in augur. ' You refuse always to explain. As each wi-ok passes tho mystery surrounding j you increases.1 ' Unfortunately I cannot prevent, it.', she answered in a low lnnr.' ' Before we married I told y<m plainly that. I intended to seek the truth of tin: conspiracy against Dudley's lift-. Miidyou did not object.' 1 Why not leave that, wretched affair to the police1 and secure our own happiness?' 1 urged. ' Because the police are powerless. Tliey can have no cine.' j ' Is it then Absolutely hocus•nirv Hint you should attain thin end ?' I inquired dubiously. ' Ave you ready to sabrifipo your own home and husband in 011)0]' to ascertain the truth regarding 11 crime ?' ' Yes, it is absolutely imperative,' sho replied emphatically. ' ftefoiv perfect happiness can be ours we <nust both be aware of the causes which iod to Dud ley's sudden death. Towards that end I am striving, nnd knowing what I do, I am regardless of your suspicions nnd your cruel words. If we part—well, it will be you wbo one day will be filled with bitter regret; and as for me, J shall uot pause in my merciless quest.' Often she had told me that to ascer tain the true cause of Dudley's death was, nest to her duty as my wife, her main object in life, and these words, uttered with an earnestness that was genuine, bore out her most frequent declarations. Glancing at the facts as a whole it was not surprising that I should hare suspected Dudley of having been her lover whose death she intended to avenge. In silence mid hrsitntion I paced the room that she had furnished with bucj)i exquisite taste. A dozen times file asked forgiveness, but no word passed my lips. She stood motionless, lirr head bent in submission, lier hands clasped before her, awaiting my decision. Her pale tar-stained fneu betrayed signs of a terrible breathless suspense, she fearing that I intended to cast her off, while I could not bring myself to any firm belief tbnt her decimations of affection were genuine. Between us them yawned a gulf ol' darkness and mysteiy which hourly grew wider and more impassable. ' Tell me that you'll still be patient and wait,' she implored at last. ' Surely you can sec how intensely 1 love you and how utterly aimless will be my life if we part.' ' This mystery is, I confess, Hlla, driving me to distraction,' 1 said, halt ing at last before her. 1 Cannot you confide in me? I will preserve silence, I promise.' ' No, 110/ 8he gasped in fear. ' I—I dare not.' Her attitude was one of deep dc jeotion, yet I could not fail to notice, even at this moment of licr abject despair, how beautiful she wax. But it look of unutterable terror was in licr deep"blue eyes, and upon licr handsomo features was an expression us though, dreading exposure, she were haunted by some terrible ghost of the past. ' You told mc this once before,' I said gravely, 'and I trusted you. To day I have discovered my confidunco ill-placed.' 'Trust me once again,' she cried hoarsely. ' Only once, and I will show you ere long that your suspicions arc utterly without foundation.' I took another turn up and down the drawing-room, my hands clasped behind my back, my gaze fixed upon the carpct. 1 wax still undecidcd. With a sudden impulse «he rushod forwui-d, and flinging her arm: about ray neck kissed roc, next second bursting into tears and Lui^iiif her face ujwn my , | shoulder. My baud uiuxmwhiiiMy i stroked her nafr, mid, hmding, 1 pi-essed iny lij>- ij|!■ *m In r >oft«huck. Then sliu knew that I had furniven, .link holding hack her sobs with d'Hi.-nliy .\iised her fare, mid kissing nn- p;o.. ^innately, thanked inu in a low broken voice, usMiritig me that I should never regret tlie step 1 hnd taken. During hnlf an hour wo remained aether, *hc full of h>ve and emilidenct*. ) admiring and hopetnl. 1 wan gum i had not actod rashly nor left her as \ had intended, and as >ve went in i<> dinuei* arm in arm we laughed together, joyous m ertvli other's love, After wo liad eate^i, I onoked a eigiirefto and linger**! us long ',-h possible, happy with my wcll-helovcd, then kissing her fondly L wus compelled to lake u hansom to lh-rkeley Njume, promising lur to return at; the earliest possible inuini'iil, uii'l expressing hi 11 - deuce that our love would lii*t always. Tin? carl. giuiiihliug ;it my tardy arrival, w.is busy in hi* lil)i\ii\ ^ ill .1 number of ilnj>.jl'tallL despatches f'liltin^ to our a/fairs iu the liasf. H'lirn lie had expressed tlispleilMllv Ur.lt I Imil imt liri.il waiting to receive )iim lio added:— ' Hut there, I suppose now you are munied, Deedes, your wife is rx-.trlin ^ —they always art1. >She likea you to ■line with her, oil i1' ' Yes,' L admitted, smiling, ' 1 did dine nt homo.' 'All, I thought so,' snapped (lie shrewd old Minister. ' A good dinner and your wife's smiles were uf more consequence to you than England's prestige with the Sultan, eh i" I made no answer to this sarcasm. lint began busying myself with the corre spondence, packing it awuy in the despatch-bag and sealing it for delivery tai Hnmmcrton, the messenger, who was waitiug in an adjoining room ready to take it to Constantinople. Not until eleven o'clock was I able to get awuy from Berkeley square, ami leaving the aged statesman alone, deeply immersed in the puzzling applications for advice of all sorts from Her Mujcsty's representatives nt the various courts of Europe, I drove back to Phillimoro Gardens. On arrival home my first quostion of .fiU'Ucs was whether Ella was in the drawing-room. ' No, sir. Madame is out, sir.' ' Out! When did she go out ?' ' About an hour after you had left, «ir,' replied the mau. • She has gone into the country, I believe.' ' Into the country ? What makes you think so V ' Because she put on her travelling dress and took two trunks with her,' he answered. « Roberts, her maid, saysslic pneked the boxes herself three days HgO.' ' Did she pay where she was going f' I iiiijuiicd lnentiilessly. ' No, sir. She loft no message w ith anyone.' Kntering the drawiug-vuoiii ■ with my uveieout still on 1 noticed, lying upon her littlo rosewood escritoire, a noto addressed to me. ICagorly J took it up, tore it open, and mid its contents. There wrrv nil I e « few hurriedly scrawled wools—a brief and formal farewell. ' Yon cannot trust me,' she w rote, ' therefore we arc best apart. JVi not attempt to follow me, for yon i .iniiut find mi!. ])u not think ill of me, for even if 1 have wronged ami deceived vou, 1 have nevertheless been your friend.' It lommpwrd fiinniilly, « itb«ul .-my endcnring term, mill uoiiclinlcil iiln iiplly witli the two wwi'ls. ' Vijur wil'u.' For h few tnunii'ntH J. Ntood with il in my limiii, Kliiriup :it it in blank .mii.ixv iiii'Ilt. Then it oeemrcd Mint: I lint in tluit wry enurit"ii'e k)ii: kept -nil 111 ■ c CUll't'Blllllllll'llCL', llllll it W'lK IMIIIC tllillL probable that I might Uiii'ii tin' Until from some of the letters therein con tained. I endeavoured to open it, liut it wan, lis usual, locked. She lmd tukin the key. Ill my sudden exeilemeiit 1 railed to Juckes to tiring 11 hnmmei', mill with II few sharp blows lm>l;i* open the sloping leather-covered tup, finding a number of letters addrewsed in un familiar handwritiug. One, larger than the rent, crumpled, diHty, onil worn, iib if it liiul reposed in sumeone'ii pocket for a long period, I took out and eagerly opened beneath the xolt-Buartiju liirnp., ' My God!' I cried aloud, scarcely able to believe my own eyes, when next iiiRtimt 1 realised the terrible truth. 1 My God !' 1 had nevsr suspected this! Ella's cold, formnl tidlbu stunned me. I stood open-mouthed, petrified. .Wo hnd parU'd on the best of terms, she kissed me affectionately, and with wifely solicitude bidding uie hasten back; yet in my absence she hnd departed, evidently carrying out some pre-arrauged plan. Her maid, lloberts, had noticed tier packing her trunks three d;< • -■ lie fore; therefore, it was certain th.'i >lui meant to desert me as soon as oppor tunity offered. Unaccountable and astonishing as was lier sudden flight, the discovery I had mnde among the papers in her escritoire was even more amazing. It held me stupefied and aghast. [TO SB OONTIKOED.} W-SI 