»JP m MAIN?. Mrs, Craig was one ef those persons wbo me fain of their fault*, and wb<:Qatiy tae remarked Ibt " Mis' Craig was as set an Mount lVfiby," she regarded it rather as a high classification than aa a nete af dissatistaotion. She waa very set now id her determination defer to forgive ber see, Andrew Jackson Craig, far his disobedience. A fine, handsome, healthy looking fellew be was, aad going to have ber farm when eke waa dose wit b it, and without fault other than the roving disposition that came feo bio from 10 oae knew where; for Mr*. Craig herself was as set in ber immobility and lore of oae spot as fa any other habit, aad the tittle farm on the edge of the Northern forest aeemed te ber the oae delectable ipot on earth. That Andrew Jackson shoold waat to leav© it, ta see more of the world, to eacouater dangers, and to experience adventures, was something ef wbicb she had ae comprehension, aad for which, whin done eentrsry to ber orders, she ^ an forgiveness. Andrew Jackson, however, was her own bob, aad having a desire to see the woild, thea the warld be was going to see ; aad be kissed ber eheek, that bad once been ea ruddy as a tipe pear and was now as withered aa an autumn leaf, and weat down en the logging*train through the woods and out into tbe world. Sometimes she wished she bad kissed bim back ; • but she kept herself busy, so that she might net | have time to think of him and bis disnbedieaoe ; • and once or twice a year ahe had a letter Irom • bim, and although she oever answered it, yet when she leoksd it away she kaew it by heart. But out day there came a letWr announcing that be had married. It was tbe last drop iu her bitter cup. Oaee she bad meant that be should marry Luciuds Bel),the squire's daughter over beyond tto forest. The wood-lots joined ; the farms joined ; it would have made her son the largest Iaud-ownar in that part ot tbe State wild land ; aod be would have gene to meeting iu bis carriage* and presently be would bave been chosen commissioner of tbe couuty, aod after that he would have been seut to t be Legis lature maybe—Andrew Jackson Cra g might is time bave been Governor of tbe (State of Maine. Aod his old mother would never bave disgraced him ; aba would bave looked on from a distance Msrt have felt ber heattawell with joy* aod been satisfied that she had brought a man-child into tbe world. And now be bad married some un known gitl down at the salt water, and there was an end of all. He would never oome baolc. Borne day aha would be found dead in her chair —if the wete ever found at all, nod her boues did not stay above ground till tbe house erambled down about them and tbe firm re verted to tbe forest. And there was a sort of fierce, silent joy even inker pain as she thought of it. Bnt ahe tried not te think ef it, losing heraelt Id unceasing oooupation. Yet if she aat down n moment io the evening and gated into the fire ahe seemed to hear her boy's feet outside in the oraekls of every twig, tbe pntter Of every drop; and aba wandered what he was tfeinc ; **d wfeat sort of a woman it was that bad takea bar plan—some flighty flibbertigib bet who tared ribbons, and who hid danced her way into Ui heart with her iiti ud graces, as the would daooe her way oat of it. Of that Mr*. Orai| was quite eure. Whether or net tbe day would ever eeme whee be would wut to Oome back to hia old Bother, tired out by the world he had gone to we and had found teo much for bin, an* tired, too, of a brainless piece who did set knew how to do a hand'a ton al that ihe wai oot tare. A* it wea, he had tailed hisawn life—tbe life of harms, Aadraw Jaokaoa Craig—and that ehe eould set forgive. Br had mined all her hopes, toe ; he had brought to dot all the fine cutlet whose build b| had briffctensd lug winter days and nights in these dark and loaely iroods. If he had a punishment it would be deserred. Bat sbe was not (ting te inliot it, ermi ia her thoughts. Oal? when tbe Hit letter came she lacked it awaj unread. And ahe leeked away erery other that Dame, oaly swiftly, and in spite ef herself, ■lancing at the post-mark, and thinking that if he went oot to aee the werid he was teeing a gooddealot tt, with his letters mailed now from this distant partofit, ud aew from that •' It's tea's I salt," she would sigh. " A railing etoae gathea no Bess." And ebe would work so fieroely that at eight ahe dropped into dreamless sleep u dead a* tbe deep of a log ia tbe wood, Bhe took a stiaage pleasure, too, ia denying herself aaythiag whioh oaee aha had liked to cat. " Vl his fault," ahe would nutter over hsc bare bread aad tea. Aad ahe wwe her rid drab calico without a chaofcv aid let her grey hair go as itwaoM. " H»dia*l eare V she ■aid. When her in went wv be had left with her old Tom ul hb ilbako did nraeh of the work about thefana. It hut not aaterad hi* thought! that (he nnu ooald die, boc that on her death hb mother null let old Jem go, he htiiii in hb tan beovme reeling ud Uut ahe would thaa lay down the (arm to ptu, ad the hone •ad the Ml, keeping only the little Goern hj, of atteh ahe took oare hondf, ud con tenting herself with the Boeka at ctfckeu which ahe raised, aad aold to the maa that name up through the oeoatiyBida oelleetiBg eggaaafl ponlUj all of which ebedid. idling her grata atendiat to Bqoira Bell, aid alttag dora aloae tahng her mitaj. hi wry miserable aha waa. She weot oat eometinea >a the pawner after aooax, aad atood overlooking the leaf cnea Apea in the aaaihiae, the great empty eky burning bloe above her, the eriskets ahdUteg in nonfatal mnnrar, ud let tki loneliness tf it bite litoto eool. Bat that wis wt n bad as in the nady aotamn mornings when the shadows of the forest, that eo that aide came up cloae about it, Jwng orar the little haute like a, green cleud, and risible {loom seemed la fill it1 ere* while the sun shone. And ia the bleak winter days, when (he big drifts were unbroken, and no one oame far months, and the snow was never brushed from- the door-till, aod the eow and the bens warefeer only oetapaoy, then her lone lineaas became a dull and constant acbe, new and then increasing eo sharply aa really to give her something like a pang of joy in the thought of the wretchedness with which her ungrateful and disobedittt aon wavfflicting her. i Bhe took no heed of time; sbe bought no new almanac; eke kept no anniversaries; ehe knew no holiday season—«t was all work a-day with bar. Obvhtmas or Fourth ot July or Thanks firing, whom bad abe to oake merry with,what had ahe to be thankful fonP Ouly the old habit of her bloed always warned her ef Sunday in febe air. It might hive been so-different; itftllhad been 00 different when tfer boy wu at borne, ooniog la with report efthii and report of that, irith tbU to do end to plat about, and with Ibot dDBB and tottalk over; witti others coming ud going—his mates, the minister, the deaoon; Mrs. Friabie.mRj'bft, from aorose lote for a day's gossip, and Myra Jane Prince to do Mine toiler* log ; semetimws Squire Bell, sometimes the blooming young Luciuda, or another, for dje atuff or with a new quilting pattern—oarer, of course, to see the boy 1 But the had t hat her door and Answered do raps; and when Mre. Frubie bad oome tip toeing round to look io the wiudowa, the doors being feat and her knocking unnoticed, she hurried into a oloaet and stayed there. " She needn't oome peeping in here, if I stay till 1 stifle," she muttered. " I shall scuttle in here now it the minister oomes. I'm too oat of sorts to see the aogel Gabriel"; and certainly she was io no condition to see that areat mtaseuget. For the ftct ^aBllat Mrs. Craig, from being angry with her boy at Brat, had fttwn'Mgf/1 with lUe whole unworn?. if the Lord mijcbt 'a' s»j>nred me this !" she said. *' I 'ain't isked for money, uor for Bob clo'es, an' I rtidu't make no funs to apeak ou wbeu be died. But I expected my boy *d be loft me. 'l'was me brought bim into the world; ^waa me give tim life with mj out paius ; be was mine, an* I cunt feel the Lord nor aoybody hadn't the right to taice bim. Au* be'i poue, I do'nu' where ; aootber oodwd stan's between bim an' remembrance of bis old mother, wbo lotod bim better than she did ber soul !" And she lay faea down oo the floor, ber gray hair falleo and streaming eboat ber. " Oh, Lord, Lord, Lord 1" the cried, wrought tbee to the last point of nervous teaaion, " Let me go to sleep and oerer wake here nor hereafter I" Bat it was rarely that Mm. Craig gave herself the relief of such an outburst. Usually ahe went ab«Dt ber work with browe lowered asd Hpe clued tightly, and ber whole aspect as rigid aa that of a woedeo image. Vet, when the vernal days cam*, Mm. Craig" was apt to feel the fountains of all the bidden things stirring at the source in ber, as they do ia the old earth* as they do in the soul of tbe poet. Then she went into tbe woods aad sat down un a mossy stump U the greeu shadows. All areund it aeemed st first is dead and dark as tbe spirit within her. But grown accustomed to tbe dimness, far down a dusky difctanc* sbe divined wings darting and bitda building, " Yuu fools !" she cried. *' And they leavin' you to soon !" She beard tbe murmur of tbe brooks, tbe lifting aod falliog of great boughs, saw the dew glancing in tbe dark places, the air down * sunligbted space golden ud alirs with polleu dust, saw the little tips of reeds end weeds thrusting through the aod, comprehended the life and movement of the old eftrtb. " Qb, break me up too J" abe cried ** Gire me aeroe fresh Life !" Bbe did net knew bow oearly the new life was approaching her. It was comiog up the ■ilt'loag lane through the pine woods from the main road to tbe little hftuae at tbe edge of the clearing, It wss with a pleasant-faced young «en>anf wbo carried a large pucel and led a little child, whs pulled back on fain mother's band aod ma died for the Mosssmiog boughs of wild apple that made a fragrant moonlight, as it were, all orer the dusky woodland path. They came op slowly to the little bouse and eat down on the door*etone» round wbioh the bar docks bad already begun to spring. Mrs. Craig suddenly came /Mid tbe corner of the house end eaw them. The youag womia locked op with • anile. " It U so pleaftnat bare/' she Mid. *» I« jc P" Mid Mn, Craig. " it1* to different from the town. And the j bor ha isa't u well m he'd erter be, u' I wanted to feteh him up Sato the worts. Mr hutbaad lift orery breath of *«n'« health. A»d eo it is at tea ; hot I eaa't go te aea with him, you kaow," the said, U an innocent and con fidential way. u Yea're got a husband, ttu f •• Of eoucse I hare P " Where is be F" " Ob, bee gene sow" " Left you P" persisted Mrs. Craf^, ] " Left me P He's goae to aea. It's his i business. He's first mate now. An' 1V« eeme1 up to board is the oountry a spell whilst he's goae. I liked the looks of this lane ia aeder the trees, aa' got the maw U let me down. I thought perhaps I'd Sad » farm-house where maybe they'd take me m. It's just like a west in ken. 1 don't suppose you earn about tikiag boirdan P* lookiag op rather eagerly. " No/' said Mrs. Cuig, " I don't" I " It's too bad," said the youog woman. " I'd i V liked U stayed. It's more *o Ilk* what I «!• ways thought the country'd be. I'd liked to stop ii here a spell. The tir'd be food fer the boy. Am' fact Is I'm real tired."-" 44 Well," said Mrs. Craig, " I ain't said joa couldn't rest jre. You ©*o come in en' have a { bite, new ye're here." And she opened the doer i and stalked io, and the youog woman followed her. 41 There's the rockieg cbair," said Mrs,; Craig. " Ton set down. I'll have a cap e' tea a soom's the fire bores an' the water biles. There's hatter I made to-day, and the bey nan hare a tumbler of milk." '* Let me help yon," enid the youg wnman, untying her boeaet. 11 Ne; you're tired. Here, sonny," as she o&me; baok with the milk. With the iut word ■n her lip* l colour Barged nil over her face ; hot she held Hie glass te the llpe of the little fellow, who looked up et her with a great pair of eoft hasel eyes wboee (tie teemed to pierce her heart. *' Ob, job Uks food ewe of him dow !" ehe cried. Bat presently ba'il be up an' qoittin' ye. He'll wut te see the world. Borne other woman' 11 start up an' abet ye oat o' hi* sight." •• Well," said the young woman,111 shall have' had him till thea. An' that's pleasure for one life. I shan't grnlge it." Mrs. Craig looked at her fixedly a moment— the wide-open blue eyes, the fine locks carlieg roand the fair face. And thea a great sigh tore through her old bresst; and she west into the battery and began stilling something frith eren more rigour tbsn ber wont. The yunng woman sat down sgain on the door , step sod tbe ebild tumbled roaad, pulling the dandelions with faligbted ories. Every me* ment Mrs. Craig sent a strange glanoe in their direction* Her eye was like a thaider-eloud fall of lightniogs. She had been taking what ehe called her bite and sup anywhere and anyhow, steading at the oupboard or sitting by the store. Bat now she took out a table-oloth, and furtively robbed op ber teaspoons before ehe went to tho door to call her nnbiddeu gaests whan the cake* were ready and the ^eavraa dnm, Bhe bat tered tbe little boy'f bread herself, and spread bountiful brewn sugar on the seaoad piece ; end the fir»t smile that had orerspread ber dark face for many t dreary day came when tbe hoy paused after tbe second morsel, and, lookiog up at her, declared as well ai he eonld with his mouth Sail M He 'ate oo." '* Bless his dear heart 1" abe said. And ahe thought if her sod bad aimed Luanda some thing as pleasant as this might hare been a frequent tbiag in her life leag ago—tbe always liked Luciada. And she gave the boy more I bread aad brown sugar. Bat while the young woman talked about the road up there, aad asked about the pt^oee in tbe neighbourhood, Mrs. Craig kept an eye on the child, and saw at last his little sleapy head droop forward where he tat. She tofrk him tbea to lay him on her owa bed in tbe out room. The touch of bit wans bead aa bar efaoalder made her tremble. *' Here, yoo take him," she •aid. *' I shall let him drop 1 *' I aiat handled a child aaaee I doW when." •• No. You keep him," "id the women. 11 You set right dowa when you be, aad I'll clear up. I m do it ii no time. I'm ml ■inert dbaut the house." 4nd the took «p the oasbien ud probed the roc kirns-chair »p so th>t Mil. Crsig wee obliged to lit dawn er tell forward, and tbea weat topping abont tfea room, with ber tight fast and bar qniek Bogert, washing and wiping, aad potting awa* and eweeping op aad dotting off afterwards, it seemed to Hre. Craig tint abe wea eausd asleep as the babjr aad this was all in tart Inn And then tbayonag waman eat dowa near bei, and toek her knitting out of ber bag end began talking again; and every once la a while Mrs. Craig took ber apraa aad wiped the dew off the little forehead, aad oaea, before she knew It^he bad lifted the little hud aad aoftlj lasted it. " Deer ens," she eaid to herself, ** I do belie re I'm all sorts of a fool." The mother asw bar doit,and name and knelt rffrtro brfore her and kiifcOil the boy1! fi>ret>ra>l ud »oko Ltmwittj n #*My !" •aid Mrs. Craits, **Vou duii'lkou* uo rootu khoul bringing up b&bies; Ibao a bra I Waking a chill out'o Lin Bleep, You won't never fetch bin up if you do that way 5" " 1 couldu't belp it," said tbe mother. " I have to love bim for himself Rod bis father too You don't knew whit it is te Lave tLe one y»u iovtt beat in all tbe world eut jou don't kuaw where——" " Don't 1 P" Mid Mrs. Craig. " When the wind blows nod you bear tbe storm down tbe harbour, aid the roar of tb» waves and tbat awful ^whistling buoy, it makes your heart just stand still tbinkiog of what may happen. And when tbe sua shines and tbe waters danee, you don't dare to be happy for fear be may have been lying at the bottom of the era for you don't Know bow loejf. Perhaps you're laughing, aod it comes over yoo with a shiver tbat you'd better be crying. 1 eoulda't stand it ! An' I told Jaok 1 was comia' up into tbe oeuQtry, where 1 shouldn't know there was such a thing as tbe tea till be came heme. He's goue a long veyage and weu't be baek, be said, till tbe saew flies. It says in Kevrlitions, yeu ksow," ebe *sid, still kneeling and locking up into Mrs. Craig's face with her innooeot •yts, '* that Hi even's a place where tbete shall be ds more sea, au' 1 g-jess tint's so. Well," risioc *ad goiug to fiad her bat, 44 I'd orter be off. I've got quite a piece to walk if I'm going to the place jou spoke ef. They'll be williog to take me there, you tbiak ? Wtll, I don't be lieve I shall feel to like any place as much us 1 da here. 1 like it teal well. 1 wiabt," she said, lingering stiil io tying ber strings, tbe great appealing o>ea like blue flowers lull of dew rating on her wistfully, ** th»t it had 'a' ben so you'd felt able—I'd 'a' helped about (be woik—" '• It ain't any matter about that," said Mrs. Craig, shortly. "But you oan't go to-day. aoyway, fo" there's a shower comin' up. an' you'd git wet to the skin afore you got half across Into. Yoall ber to fetiv to-aigbt, aodr —and—U-moriow—1" * #t Tomorrow oau take oare of itself," cried the yauag woman, jojroualy, " I'm goio' to show you je*' bow spry 1 can be about the bouse, i My nanus's Letty—you most call me Letty. I'll be real good company for you." i And theo *b» wbat witb Mrs. Craig to get out the sheets aad air (be blankets and make ready I tbe little room oa ibe other eido of the kitchen. " It's a sbatne to take all Ibis trouble for one night," she said. " I'd pay you a first r*te board." ** I gutfls I've got moaey enough," growled I Mcs. Craig. ' It seemed toUrs. Craig the uerfc morning ; wheo she heard tbe boy's sweet cbiipiag begia I almost with tbe birds, ibat Here really was Iftomtstbiog worth getting up ami building tbe j fire for. ■' Now," tbe said, a/(rr breakfast, " if you're eo bound to stay, wu must see abaet gittin' up your trunk. I re«ly do' no' but it aia't a Christen *duty to bev ye, for ycti do' oa' ao more about bow to bring up that baby than if you was a babr yaurstlf, «u' 1 feel's if I'd •iter show ye—" I And Letty ran and threw ber arms eboot Ibe older woman'* meek. »• 2 do'ce'aajtbto'jbe cried, "txoeptin' bew to love tbem I lovo. But Jack always aajs, every lime he comes home from m, that I know bow to make four walls pleasantf He nri I make it so pleasaot that some daj he'll buy fc farm an' stav at home all the time. Oh, wouldn't it be flae if we •boold have oae up here!" ▲ad Letty lest no time todemoasiratiog then that ste koew how to make home a pleasant p\aoe wherever it was. If her heart sank as ehe looked about her ia tbe dim little beuae, she did net let it be seta—tbe walls otiled to i woed that had grown brown with age* aad ahrd a brown glow everywhere that sometimes tbe sunshine oame in end gilded aod sometimes toe greea shadows of tbe close treea darkened. 4*They11bernal apleodid when tbe firelight falls on 'em in the nights,*' she said. But tbe patoh j werk quilts that swayed from tbe rafters to keep out draoghts, •• They awing so they're worse #n ghosts," she said to herself again. She knew nothing of tb* leathers and tapeatriea hung against the ewerping airs ef medieval chambers ; but presently even tbe patrb»work began to weave a obarm. " If they was crazy quilts I'd like em butter," ebe murmured, "But I guess I ean alan' 'em. 1 daresay she's sewed ber keart into thorn." Aad abe swept aad scoured and buruisbed and bfi/rbfceaed, aad had the doors open and tbe windows op, and great boughs of blooming «ild apple bueg upon the walk, ud bundles of saiirrage and riolets id the broken half-bottli* on tbe shelf; and she bad brought flower seeds with ber, and aba epadtd up a bed for meet-pease and poppies and petunias a»id elyssum, and abe was ao buy aod basiling, with tbe boy busy and bottling after bar, tbal abe etemed to fill the daik old place wjtb an overflow of vitality and joy. Aud when Saturday night came tbe big tnb was brought out and filled, and tbe boy was doused in it. Bin. Omig feeling abe bad a whole tujrfnl of Capids in one; and on Sunday morning be was dressed in bis white frock and red ribbons, and bis hair was curled and tied with a ribbon down ane side, and UtifUnif feit aa if the ware tiring her life over again. *' 1 do love ribbon* and pretty thing*," said tatty. " Ain't he a dear ? Ob, ain't he a beauty ?" " Ain't you a eimpleton P" aaid lire. Craig, surprising heraelf with her Itogb. ** You're goin'v too, mother P" aaid Lotty. 441 doW at 111 fin 3 tbe way aoroas lota with* ont yon. I wiaht you'd let me oall you mother: 1 never had a mother. I'ain got nobody n tbe world to lore esceptin' Jack and the baby, an' —an' roo. if you'll let me." " No, I 'aia't bea m long* the folks—an' I ain't get notfatm' to wear. My bunait*-" «• I cab fit it ia five minutes," said Letfcy. •' I'b a real hud 1 I don't cue if it ia Bon day—the belter tbe day the better the deed." *' I sorter make sure that baby oaa't walk alt the way aorost tbe field*," said Mrs. Craig, meditatively. •'An' you eai't o«ny bin, eyther I dofoo' bat I'd or tar go an* belp ye out." And there waa a quarter of an boor of aileaoe, beeauiie Letty'a mooth waa foil of pins ;<and tbe people in tbe little aKetiag-boaM-lcaeir too much to turn tbair luada when- Una. Graig oatae ia. There pore mai^ abgiriago to Mra. Otalgia mind aa to whether or notFnmdeooe, »feb wbtofc abe bed been *o aogrjr, were not getting the better of bet after attJSn thean anusy day*. She could not lor tbe life otter fed quit* ao la* jured aa she bad felt She foand bereelf watting •repeated!? with a load of grin |iUjaaiiiu. This |4k»v - haired spote of a girl waa before bar In nfl tbe^ heavy tub; it ww aba that brought is the aoed ; I it was aba tbat drew tbewatar. "Theidea," | •he exclaimed, "of-yoor (etching ia that bucket •' water with ma ben P Hum «• no mare tiring in long aoUtaty mmiaga with tbe roty ■ trfrd-wag bitter ia her mb. Her® wu a little aiming Taioeim-tbaboaaSifbd cath,.pattering foettelh, Iriiiawi, aod.embrunng little arm. "Hmnb cats' diji" add Mra. Ccaig, " but that to? nmtbartJaiaiBk,"aad another fawu ■coloured, to heatail aHhn wi beoaght iato the paatme. Oaedaytbefar «a» HI, aid Hca. Craig's fialaa «aa aa faaatfcb aabb. Ooedajr^P au fboad tadaodac Umadfroa «he.weli«irb and leaking at the apart&ig; fittle key down the dark hallow of the aiH,; and Letty, adminia tariagpuniihtaaal aa tteapot, waaatayedbr Mra. Craig'a hand, " fcgaai I eaa apank a; own boy I" cried Ut(j. " I gntaa if tkifi tke taf jouVe goin* t* curj on ho*il tun away an' lean ye a> soon u be'e in uouaera," aaid Uri. Craig. fti .1M run >«M Wfcl <Uy,'tLe i dowu rt>» #t>ud patb to tt»- m <in wd. ran nfur bim like a bare. " There'® I tl em wi<oda !" ficreinjfd Mra. Craig. can bear thum booh g nil the tummer oiffM A ad a Lb flew «f tcr b< r. " You're goiijt to | him a real good s*ilcliing eoff for away ?" she bait), vrilb tbe old faat-aodJ band, as Letty oarae back with him. whipped mj boy." •' Did it kut |i him t j Lome P" aaked Letty* 1 •• Ue want to ate !" cried tbe boy, " He*a jen* bit faibrr all over," aaid 1 Be waila to we. Nku^-1 iy boy—make gntaof. ery I Eiu paiBt.M Aed they went batik, beldieg the boy btf»t*o tbtm, with a dear ana around the neck of bulb be tbe nummer wore away« Letty gathered' tbe wild beniee and made preserves and JfWfj •t mbicb Urn. Craifthad forgotten the thought* abe bung ibe little filrer ooioos in feateoaa over tbe fireplace, nud p*(ed and atiueg tbe *P#k* to dry, and pickled rvi-ry caaoeivable thing, and brouKbt ib Ioi.r barberry atama aid hang them »*ith the buratieg w hit e-ffathered onUk«( •reed poda about the Uuaky walla. •• I deel ire/' aaid Mra. Craig, ai tbe da?*-be', gan to come down early, " 1 rioW ij*j mg to do without yr. lt'a aivde audtbei^p It, it's made anolbrr woniue «f ma, having j «%ivOk here, It'a broke up tbe bard pl*c*a at'.atMfted tbe apriuga. For all that, it woi/t be ao thaakt* tirii' for tne with you svoe," Well* I shae't go (ill I ha*e to. He'll write fro® the last port her lesves, •»' the letter *11 Set berefusi kq' '11 tell me what time he'll fetektl it. Ao' tbeo I'D hel as it 1 must fly 1" " You don' bi»ld uo ill will about bis gifa* off an' leavtn' yuu sech times a loot P" " 111 will P Well, 1 guess not! Why, Here bim, it1* bis u«ture> All (be use, he'll git ' tired or il t»oui» day a»' Rome up here- " " No/' a «id Mri. Craig. " This is mj eoA'e.^ " Well," sei*i Lelty, looking at her a monml with daocing ms, ** tbe eaitb*a rouod* tod. I Here's plenty «»f i\ n ! Aud uow Letty was bsustieg the postH aed coming iu wii.b Ltr fact like * rose aadtbel lioty l*cks blowing tvut about it. •• It flurrfcq meso/'abe wiuld say, •• I can't herdlyeifc wbeu 1 get there/' And Mrs. Craig herselftook': tbeloux walk acrusihe l.spl atabble ol the frosty fielda meie tba» <.eo* fer her. I It whs tbe day btriore Thanksgiving *t last, • I end eo word bad cum* U»r Letty. I M iMortet feel M»rrj for you, I be,"iaid< 1 Mrs. Oretg. '* But be'e ell right, youk09W«j i He's a man. Ao* somebew 1 eao'fc beer to IkftVCjj ye go before rbaiikagmii'." vf | *» There b*i uo Tbaoksgirin* I don't hear iri»m Jack !w oried Letty. ** ( 'aie't known what Tbaaksgffi*Ms4fef«| ! maoy's the time uow " j •• Weill we'll play at it." said Letty. AAd the mace pin were bskod j pumpkin* end the turkey was staffed! I there was nothing more to do betttu}* 1 sire te tbe wied that bowled round the.(WMll^ j like an aegry spirit, sod rumbled l»,lhe;.j [ okimney sod shook tbe trees snd hissed Ihtuuifr/j the shower* of falling nuow. "Ob, it makes me creep!" cried they n*t befere tbr lire touting the btijYtv^ *• I ctu'tget me ibmpLUoffn these*. Ifeep, toting the decks alanting, *»d the Hllir»| droweifif, and broken maste totshiftip Jml dowu. us' ships keelin'«ver—" ' * ** 'Taia't mach like Theeksgivi&',*Ml«if Oriig, gloomily. *'There ain't ne mm* in 1 a sailort wife." " Oh, I wi*ht 1 knew where Jack ini K Letty. The little boy turned and olinbed in I to lay Lis cbetk on here, with the <*Ub to'qiL fort her for be knew Dot what. " , ••oh, my i;raoiouB S"cried fatty, atarllatti her feet. 14 Whit'g that P" . . -4 x And then the door was Buag epea again, end he stood there shaking efftheiMM~ that corned Lim, dark and rudd/aaAju. *eme, iritli ejiarkliog bactt eyes awl teeth. •* Jack ! Jack !" cried Lelty, testing P&'+jA boy and waning to bim. " Andrew Jackson Craig IP cried hu mm catching 1 he bej, who buried ... „ lib bud tm »eok, nod looked out shy ud otrnooi, atruijled flea anil ni to toil father teo. AbflfpiJ another memeat Mrs. Craig berapUlli wrapped in that great wet e&bcmoa;, aj*ftl (he cold, fresh fioe oa hers, aadttheooiili tellif it were tears or neltaag taow or Mm apri* upon her Lips. ; . ••It worked well, didn't it* 'vatbtf said. / 4'0h !" ehe ciird—"oh 1 i kaewifcji (imp. I knew it the moment I aee tfM ef little JackV, oulj oa? heart wi^eol v n wouldn't let me mom it. tAln*6\ meAJBh Tbankagivia' was we sayin' dMfhter P is Tbunkagivia"! This tine last year t fcaWjif nobady. Aa' new I've a eon an' * dingtllH MfJ agiau'baby. Cone, Let tj, > stir rooai'^'^tl him autbin' to eat quick, aa' we'll vet teak?elr.| hear all abeut where be wai tart veyagf Where he's goio' to be his text." ' - «■ There ain't goio' te be do nextt mother/' be eaid, ktt etching oat hb otik to take Lettj in agaia. ** l're eea* tbt ., earth, and all 1 want af It b tiers. Wpi anchor eow. 1 sba'crt leave the fans oft iMbi ■other." " Biceplia* to go to the LegtfelatttB day," aatd Mrs. Ctaie. 