The Trail of Sandgroper Wis. P. Members have been in an inquisitive mood all the week. The member for the first battery box cast in W.A. was very aggressive on Tuesday evening-. Taking his ten seconds very religiously he first knocked the wind out of the smoke nuisance clause of the Health Bill. Then he took on the Attorney- General and put him to rest in no time, after which he again returned to the "liability of the occupier" clause of the Health Bill, and received the verdict after the third round. We want more of George, by George. The following excerpts are from a speech made in ihe Legislative Council by the Hon. J. W. Hackett on the Divorce Bill :—" The question the House had to decide was whether the occurrence of a mistake in a few cases was enough to induce tliem to agree with the wholesale and sweeping revolution which the Bill entailed in our whole moral, social, and religious system. He challenged any one to deny that when they searched histoiy they would find that—whether it was in order to secure the proper publicity of the proceeding or to draw the line as sharply as possible between the lawful institution of marriage and that to which this Bill was a step (and a most important step), namely, the creation of licensed concubinage —the nations had unanimously hedged it round with a degree of sanctity which was handed down to their children as a special and lasting heritage. However revolting it might be, the man, or woman had to commit sin betore a decree of divorce could be obtained. It would establish a new principle under which marriage in one part would be no marriage in another, legitimacy would be a question of longitude, and the stain of illicit birth would belong to persons Wholly guiltless and innocent themselves. The children of divorced parents carried through life a stigma and stain that was never washed away. May be that was due to the hypersensitiveness of a hypercritical com raunity, but "from whatever cause children with the name of'divorced parents hanging round their neck were weighed down by that through life, and found it coming up like < ghost at every stage of their career, to prevent them reaching those stations which their ability and conduct entitled them to. (Hear, hear) A child might be legitimate in Australia, but illegitimate in the United Kingdom. It divided the community into parties, it was wholly illogical itself, and it launched us on a sea for which there was no port." The urgent telegram— monger' dodge, has faded away, and those "on the flags" have got the hump generally. Members will meet on Mondays now, making four sittings a week, to facilitate business. More food for the dailies. Vosper thinks an angel might come down from heaven to the House and escape contamination. He should have added, "excepting amongst the goldfields members. " The time had arrived when people who sold deleterious food to the public should be punished." Alex Forrest, M.L.A. This is the figure head of the Council which asked the press to suppress the information concerning tuberculosis meat being sold in Perth as it might interfere with their investigations. What commercial hypocrisy. The feature of the present political session — Mr. Hackett's masterly treatment of the Divorce Bill in the Legislative Council. A respectable daily paper actually puts in that Vosper says he could satisfy anyone as to his sex. George, M.L.A., thinks Vospei 'would be an excellent specimen to put in a glass case. As represented by Jimmy Bain he would—if he was ^ labelled thusly : Don't tell them that you saw me, Or else Pll lose me job. Don't tell them that you know about my sex. FTC let my hair grow very long: It charms the ladies so. But, look ! I'm MB. Vosper, dontch;rno. Mr. Holmes moved that the words " blood, offal," be struck out. He did not see why pigs should not be allowed to eat blood when the public of Perth ate it every day, and there was no other way of getting rid of it. Mr. Illingworth said if it were possible to convoy disease through the eating of food it could be done through the medium of blood. The amendment really suggested that the blood and offal at the slaughterhouses should be manufactured into pork. Vosper, M.L.A., on Women's Suffrage : ' The effect of their refining influence would be highly beneficial to the communitv.* This is the long-haired individual who, half . an hour lafiter making that remark, makes use of an expression regarding- his sex, which is certainly i the filthiest and most degrading utterance that has ever been made in VV.A.s talking shop. Indeed were such a remark made elsewherethan in the privileged chamber, it would not have been printed by the daily press whose moral spectacles would appear to us on this occasion to have been dirty also. It was the remark of a, man who bein^f beaten at repartee resorts to the foul kind of aigument peculiar to die goldfield's dunghills. 