THE REV. HOWELL GRIFFITH. THE INDUCTION CEREMONY. The Rev. Howell Griffith was daly in stalled ss rector of the parish of fit. John's, Albany, on Thursday evening last. Tbe church was crowded and the ceremony a most impressive one. ? The Bishop of the diocese performed theofficeof institution. Tbe ceremony commenced with tbe singing of the 355th hymn by the choir, and congregation, after, which the Bishop called noon Mr 'Knight to administer the oaths of allegiance to the church and also to the parish. Mr: Griffith made the necessary declaration which was followed by the prayers and res ponses. The Bishop then read the ns nal collects as follows :-" O God, who rulethall the kingdoms of the earth according to Thy divine pleasure, we humbly pray and beseech Thee to bless with the grace of heavenly ea.-ctification this Thy servant, whom we have chosen as pastor of this cfcnrch : that ia his days holy discipline may revive, and that by Thy help he may set a good example to his flock, and carrying on his warfare in Thy fear and with gentleness to his people, may he ever be peacefully sheltered ander | the shield of Thy Majesty, Vouchsafe to en rich bim with Thy divine right hand, that he : may be a wise steward, and able to help lovingly all them tbat need. Be Thon his worship, his joy in bis home, his companion ! in his journey, his comfort in sorrow, his counsel in doubt, his medicine in sickness, his helper in toil, his defence in adversity, his patience in tribulation. Let him learn in Thee forethought and wisdom, to role pru dently the flock entrusted to him, that ever prospering and rejoicing in the riches of Thy bountiful goodness he may thankfully enjoy the temporal gift of this present life, and finally be united in everlasting fellowship with the heavenly citizens and the choirs of angels, through-Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." *'Look down graciously, we beseech Thee U Lord, on this Thy servant and give him true knowledge, unshaken hope, right counsel and holy doctrine, that be may be meet to receive the grace of Thy blessing and without offence may follow the footsteps of Thy saints and cause his flock to follow him by his godly teachings, and that he may hear in mind that whoso taketh on himself the guidance of souls must ^ive an account for them all in the judgment day to our Lord Jesus Christ, who with Thee and the Holy Ghost liveth ever one God, world with out end. Amen." ** O God, the author of all good things, who by Thy Apostle Pani didst ordain elders to bear rule in every church, we humbly beseech Thee to guard with Thy gracious protection this Thy ser vant about to be instituted as pastor over Thy sheep in this place, and grant him we beseech Thee so to role those set nuder him, that he and they all may obtain the kingdom of heaven, and that ever aided by Thy help and stayed np by the doctrine ot Thine Apostles he "may joyfully enter the gates of Paradise bearing fruit a hundredfold, and there bear Thy commendation * Well done good and faithful servant, thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will set thee over many things ; enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.' Grant this for Thine own sake. Amen." The 157th hymn followed. The Bishop read the form of institution as follows :-" In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the'Holy Ghost we, Charles Owen Leaver, by divine permission, Bishop of Perth, by the authority committed to us, do hereby , give to thee, David Howell Griffith, priest, institution and cure of souls as i pastor of this church and parish and authority to preach the word and to ad minister the sacrament herein. I charge; thee before God and the Lord Jesus Christ, ' who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing in His kingdom, preach the word ; be instant in season and ont of season ; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long suffering and doctrine. May the Lord give yon grace and wisdom to fulfil the duties of your high office to His honor and glory." The Bishop led the new rector to his stall and inducting him therein said :-O praise the Lord for His goodness and declare the wonders that he doeth for the children of men. Exalt Him also in theN congrega tion of the . people and praise Him in the Beat of the alders.'' The new rec ter knelt at the altar rails in front of the Bishop, who pronounced the solemn words. The Bishop took the rector fay the band, and led him to his «eat, and called upon Mr. Knight to read the deed ot institu tion. Then followed hymn 356. The Bibhop next addressed tbe congregation as folioWB : -I think the service of institution in any parish-of so mach importance that I have come down front Perth, as I think it better it should be done in front of the congregation. that they may have an idea of the duties a rector has to undertake. When a living falls vacant it is the duty of the vratry to inform me. I then send to them to ask the parti culars as to the salary likely to be forthcom ing, &C.; When the nominators, of which there are five, three for tho parish and two for the-diocese, bave thongbt of a man, they let me know, and if I approve, then he is appointed. In appointing Mr. Griffith to Albany I do so in a measure with regret, be cause I did not want to lose him in Perth, but I recognised *he benefit to be derived by the church from having a good, energetic man in Albany. People land here from England and the colonies, and it is well that they should aee that the church is alive and doing her work. As the parson, so the parish. I beg of yon to use you rector in times of sickness, doubt, and trouble. It ls his duty and privilege to help. --'I can imagine no more important position than that of rector of a parish. There are two kind of rectors-one who is fearless and in dependent ; the other »ho «J afraid of what people say. But what can one man do? lie must have help, and I am sure there are any amount of people in Albany who are only too anxious to help. A rector wants the confidence of his people. Hymn 353 was next sung,, and was followed by an appropriate prayer by the new rector, and the Blessing was pronounced by the Bishop. LAND SEÈECTION.-Hr. 3. E. Angove re ports receiving the following applications for land during the week :-Three under conditional purchase, total area SCO acres at Tenterden and Toolbrunup ; two, homestead farms, area 320 acres at Toolbrunup and Tenterden. THE Garden Theatre Coy. will perform as usual this evening at the theatre. The mem bers of the company will appear in new songs, etc., and the public may be sure of a splendid programme being presented. The company headed by the Town Band will form a procession and march from (he monu ment to the theatre prior to the performance. HARVEST THANKSGIVTKG.-A harvest thanksgiving service was held in the Wesley Church on Sunday hut. The church was beautifully decorated, and there was a plentiful supply of fruit and vegetables. Large congregations attended both morning and evening services, which were conducted by the Bev. J. A. Jeffries. Appropriate ser mons were preached, the text in the morning being-" He left not himself without witness in that he did good, and gave ns rain from heaven and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness,"-Acts xiv., 17. The evening text was-" To him that showetb righteousness shall bea sure reward, as righteousness tendeth to life, so he that pursueth evil pureueth it to his own death," -Proverbs xi.. 18-19. The choir sang hymns and anthems suitable for the occasion. On Monday evening a social was held in the schoolroom, which was well attended. A capital programme was giyen by members of the church and visitors from Perth and the Goldfields. After the musical portion of the programme had been disposed of, a sale of fruit was held, and was followed by re freshments. The social was acknowledged to be one of the most enjoyable that has been given in the schoolroom. ONE mile in lmin. 48sec at Sydney, January 28, Bover Cycles on which J. Piatt Betts and Jock Beck broke records, on view at Thomas's, Lo veer Stirling- terrace ; also the Beesten Humber, Swift and Singer. Machines on bite.* 