THE House By the Common (Bn THOlAS OOBB.) KAPTER ~ X.--( Continued.) 'Therle's only one man, sir. , iut you shall judge for yourself. The fict is, I want some inifonrmation from you, and it's only fair I should give and Intake-give aind ltke, Dr. Everest. .I started with the kknowledge thalt RIo berts and old M-r. Crtwright .travel-. led from Forest? Row by. th B3righlton line. on thlie ervening of: the twenty eighth of Junie. I lilaced his hiit on the knob of' hisi cane,. and, as he spoke, occasionally sw.uig it round: '. Now lthere were odds on tlheir goilng to London--moi.e people ,do go to Lon don.thalli anywlheie.else.: Whlien a cab leaves a big si?ttioni, its diiver calla out his destination to an, oflicial at the giate.: Perhiips you. kniow thmat. I got se'veral ' addresses from the..' gate lcedier at Vicirii;, andd follbwed them up till I~ heard ofoa marsonl and an old countrymna l 'at nulmber-- - Ebury street, Piimlic?:.? ,The da'y after thile arrivaloiitlishn theWenity-ninth Of June, it seems thliit the old aman w'is rigged out in a: suit of.bltick, and that night, being Weduisiidy," lie drove from Ebury-stireet 'ai. eleven o'clock., . I searchled the ?o?dms and fouii?d' in tihe firepllace a screv 'of paper. It was a milliner's bill, receipted:. On :inluniry at thie shop,. I eiiiined' thaut they 'lhad seit a. black' crape bonnet with a widow's veil to'lThe :Friars, near tihe common, Timnirldgi Wells. s The box was directed tdo Ms :Mainiihgtree, ,and was sent oil o n(the firstof' Juiy. - ' The dclay befoie I iwas called to Co lonel. Mnningtree, ' iiriiimured.; 'Wait a minutei'. sir' . 'on Wedins days, and on Wednesdays'only, a spe cial late train:leaves' Chariing 'Cross for 'Tunbridge wVells.: By:- leaving. Ebury-street at:elevcln or thereabouts, Roberts wdould jusit lav'ecauight it at 11.42. 'Well, Dr." Everest,: *what .do you think now ? -" 'Upon my wordr,'! don't know wrliiat to thinklc,' I' replied, feeling' remark ably uncomfortable. ." .. 'If you'll pardon me, sir, don't-%hilhk anything .just:i'yet.:-.::I don't 'know whether you're in a rhurry- ' ':.: 'Nothing on: eaitlihis aso important to me ads' the buisiness you, have come about,' I exclaimed, inhd foir'the first tiime I saw Polloy vglance" sharply ;'iti mIy face. y: 'la.c ' 'You understand wvhatthat business' is, sir : to Jind.Mr. Cartwright's father dead or alive;, iI Icioi::a 'good:d iil, and I suspect more, but It begin' to think there's 'somethipng else in. the, background. I';seoe youi know .more about these people atThe;lriars than you camred to tellMr.: CGnrtwright. . To begin at the beginilng;; when did you first make the.y acquaintance of Mr. Lascelles ?' - . ::'': :'. ' ,-::'; :",. . 'On the 2nd of.;July,'" I.,I: answered.' *He fetched inmeto.'Colonel Mamnnirig tree about eight l''clock in the even ' You had never:sebn .Colonelj Mfan ningtree before-ndever 'set eyes, on 'Certainly not,': I replid . ' What was Ihis *complaint, sir ?'. , ' Apoplexy--heldied 'twoii djays later ; on the Monday.'::: .' 'Now, sir, do .you *happen" .to. know' who were in 'the, house at the time the servants :nd the whlolehbobiling of them ?' 2' * . '* i ?; . . 'There were no servants,':.I said. ' I believe there had been,'a rebellion in the camp;, all theli;servants :had left,' and their places'were ' taken by one. woman, assisted;iliotv.imnd"'?"llen 3by her. daughter.. Besides this' woman, there were only LascellesMrs. sManningtree and the Colonell.;":;,': - .': 'How did it come' to your knowledge that there had been this bother'. ith the servants, BDr. Everest ?'. • ' "'I heard of it'Siome .time. 'later,' I co'ltilnued. ' I 'iiiust explain that .1 called at three 6'clock on Monday; the i4tl of July, and .fouind .Colonel Man-. ningtree dead. i -AS Isoon: as we:. re turned to the drawving-roomn from see ing the body, MissiManningtree"drove uii to the door.'i . ;. ' ', '. , ' Telegraphed for 2?' .he iniquired .cas nally. ''; ' ' ' ' No,' I answered, 'iin' the, flurry p Colonel Maniinggtree's. sudden .illness, she was forgotten. At all events, they did not wire .for.,liaer.', : ,; . 'Then she returned uunexpectedly to hear of her fihthier's death?' ... 'Yes. Of coriisef it vias. a tdierible, blow to hei. She liid lefthim iiuappar-? eniitly in good hleilth' a f-ew w'eekls pre viously.' '. 'And where wvtas the nurse all this, lime, Dr. Everest:.?'ailsked Mr. Ppolly; ilancing his liat on tlihe .floor between his feet, as if for 'the expiess purpose of rubbing his palins tog'thmer.s:' ' Of course there wans il nurse ?' '' : ' Mrs. Manninigtee elected to.' nirse iher hliusband hlierself'if'informel hiit' Ire drevthis cliiiir loseto mniie:.anid leained forw ard. ;'": a":, ,'0 :' '' - 'Now I am going toaslc 'youi a"atli'ei mnportalit question;, 'Dr.- Evderest. Caifn you tell ine' whlii 'a[iss ''??liinih'~tree first. safu lie'i fa'thie's I' body. ? "2'.' ' " ' 'D)uriring thie iight of hlier .etitrn,' ,I replied, with butf';iiailidistinct ideir whitlice tiCuse iluestions were ''ending As I answered them my thoulghts con stantly. wandered to Donaldson's pm tieint.' ' Durihg the niglht ?' he repeated. 'On her arrival she' was so upset by the news: of Colonel Mlanningtree's death, that her stepmother vwoulld 'not let her' go to his room until slhe had rested,' I explained. 'She retired for tho night with tile promise that she should see her fatlher in the mllorn ing. But a little before the d?arwn, she was awakened by what she thoughi wvere sounds of digging, followed Iby cries, which she took for Colonel Man ningtrce's. Shello .wdnt to his room, de terlminied to make sure tlhat her father was really dead .; the door was lockecd, biit she onenced: it with another ecy. On raising the sheet which covered the body, she saw-or fancied she saw-a face that was nlot Colonel Afanningtree'is. Whenlshe told meI aboiit it-in this veiry room the follow ing morning-I tried to convince her, that she was'the victim of an hallu cination, that if she went a second tinme to the room she would be unde ceived.' ' And was she ?' asked Mr. Polloy, with surprising cnlmness. ' Everything happened as I foretold. Mrs. hIlanningtrce took her to the room immediately she returned, and she was convinced that the body on tihe bed was Colonel .1anningtree's, after all.' ' Then, Dr. Everest, it did not occur lo you that thle body, might have been chaniged ?' ' (Great Heaven, no !' I exchlaimed. How could it have beein elihanged. I klnew tlhat the body was that of my patient; I had seen it imnlmediately after death.' ' ?ut,' ho said, quite gaily, ' how if tile man who libadt the lit was not Colonel Mtanningtree; how if thle man Miss lanningtree saw in the night was not Colonel Manuningtree, but I ail interrupting you, and I want to hear a little more yet. You tell me, or do I misunderstand you, thalt Miss Malnningtree .herself was not convinc ed that she had made a mistake dlur ing the night.?' 'Ultiniately she became convinced,' i explaiiied..' At first she insisted that uhe had seen a different body on qach occasion. . SYou aplipeair to'ha'ne seen Miss'Man ningtrec since youe saw Mr. Lascelles,' hie remarlked, dryly.' You told Mr. Cartwright you hald not seen Lascelles since the funeial.' : "Yes,' 1 replied, ' I have seen Miss Manniilbtree since' The trouble is,' I added, withl an irrepressible outbuist, SthatI' Im ailsever'likely to see her again. She is ill-dying; and yet and yet--I cannot:believe it?':.. , I was "recilled to..myself by a pro longed ~hiistle froni Mr. Polloy. ',;· 'Who is her doctor ?' llh iusled, quite eagerly noiv. Of course, they did not send for you agaii.n!:, ' Dr. Donaldsot--- : ,- : . How. long hans ihe been at Tun bridge Wells ?' :. S'lie a1i'rived in the town tso .·aiys befoire Lascelles ,fetchedv hinm to The Friars,' T, said '.:lie is acting as Ds: Smitli's locum..When lie told me about the case&I; was dumnbfounded. It was last 1i'ilay': lhe said shlie wis dyiiig from phlthisis; on the. previois TueS day, I lnd left lier to all appeaSrances well:' i. ',What did yoiu do.?' lic;itsked. . . 'What;could I do ? I interviewed the old: woniton who acted'as.servant' du' ing. the,: daytime- ' ; '.', 'Oh,.then they have not stiited themu selves iwith servants, yet, sir ?'' " ; 'They vwere, goilg abroad,' I answer ed, ' but on-onday they .altered their intentions.'. Miss' Maainingtiree he'r' self, attributed the 'alteration, as. I though itihouit siifficient' ieason;i to M.r., Carlwright's visit on that day., . Well ; tfnd what had the:.woman to say. for herself, Dr: Everest ?'. S'It ..appears that' she' also heard strange sounds 'in..the housed-:atthel' time of Colonel -lManningtree's "death. Supcrstitiously, she accepted, theilnas a warning.,. Strangely, enough,' slie' has heard somewliat 'similar ...sounds: again.'. : 'Alh,' said Mr. olloy;,' I iim' a great beli.ever in 'ghosts myself; lthey're use tul in olur trade.' ' Unfortunately,' I_, continued,,' she iald ,seeli nothing of tlhe girl--: .',Of what girl ?' he demanded, as if lie would snap me up.i', ,'II.. as about, to tell .you that .on Thursdajy night-the night before Dr. Donaldson was called to The Friars- I sawaMrs. Mlannigtree alight, from a fly on Riusthall Common at midnight; inore thin "a 'quiarter' of it inile- fromi' her obwn doeor. Accomlpanying 'her was a' girl. wlho I' thought was' Migss Manningtree, until I: hea.lrd. from .the. charwoman that Miss Manningtree wigs at The Friars that-evening. Isaw the pair enter the hoduse, and I- no ticed a light in oiie of the upper rooms, which had been disused since the'disiissial of .the sei'vants.', Witlhout comment ,he rose, glanced at lhisi: 'watch, rebittoned: his 'coit; and'picked up his 'hat.' . ' You. have nothing :else to tell'me, Dr'. E" Ir'est ?' ' Only :.that I am- entirely in t he clarkl,' I anusered. -'I cannot see day light anlywhere, yet I. have the irritat ing consciousness that I am separated from it by 'i :verye slight :obstruction. i cannot believe that 'Miss' Manning tree' is' dying--yet I cannot disbeliev I)r."'Donaldson:'.: , ,. ,.' - ':it is true,' said, Polloy, quietly. fier life ihangs by-?, ' tiread. :: It is past ten; o'clock ; there is no time' to be lost. I will get 'you to take ie to thei house.' As" I followed' ir Polloy into thl road; a 'woman approached. ; 'Dr.' Everest,' she said, hesitatingly, iand held out:a letter'.' From'Dr. :Don-" aldsodn,; 'sir.' - . , . " :I 1 eargerly tore it openhand stiidinfff to.tllie nearest lamp-post;, ;read:; the iite by, its.light. '.Dear Everest (it ran), I have. ; just left T'he' .Friars..: :-iss .Manningtree died 'at: nine o'clockc ,this. evening.-. Younis, ' . '.: ' ;. Godfrey' Dondld"sotio'.: ,1,?, ~ ~ y' im h s.on,..., ,, . , :. , .... "". , , -C 'GHAPTERXI... ", '. ',* ." .! : SUSPEINSE. ::'Purposely, I refraindd :fioiiom .over takiing P:olloy uiinilhe1 began' to aim wide of his..nark.l A few .stiis: sholne betweent lide lowoeriig clouds, "the air washeav~y, .wiftha pronmise of rain:be fore nioning.. A few loiterers, brought out,' doubtless, by the -' siiltry iight, passed 'us on Mount Epliraii,',bUiitas we 'tirned td ouri'right at thiecorner, the Coiimonewas entirely deseited. - S' Read this,' I said, as soon as I' could coiitrol: ny voice" sufficiently.' "!" S'IIe'stopped by tlhe lampiipncirest o' the piond to read the dltter. ':'".., - ;' Not an inistant to Iose,, lhe? ?ntter-. ed,ias we made our nay.along.the lane in whichl stood The Friar:. "'Don't you inderstand, I said.'. She is dead-Miss Manningtree iis~deeid. S'Where'is the house ?' he.asked, for there'wa's no.sign,of a.building~as yet in the darlc.lane, hlicli.was; so closely shut in by trees that:.it was difficult to believe anyone' lived within 'a iile. : ' Just round the bIentio t he right,' I answered,, and ive puirsued, o"u wvay in silence, and.,, vesry;:'softly, untilr we reached the gates of T'he criars.: - 'That is it,' I said. ' IIush-sh I Sounds travel far at this time of night. Gently' doetor.: TWicli is Miss Manniiigtree's bedrooin.?' I pointed to the right hand window on the first floor. 'Where did you .see the light "on Thursday ?' I indicated the upper window on the left. 'Are there any out-buildings ?' he asked, while I was terribly, impatient to do something-I knew not what. What could I do, if Dora was dead ? And how could I believe she yet lived, with Donaldson's letter in my hand ? ' There is the stable,' I replied. ' Show the way, sir; softly, please.' .Leaving the gloomy house, which would have been invisible but for its dimly-lighted ground-floor windows, I turned the corner and led the way be side the oak paling which bordered the garden. This was several hundred yards long, *and at its end stood the disused stable. The lane was narrow; its thick dust muffled our footsteps; nothing was heard but the hard breathing of some oxen in a field on our left. Suddenly, my attention was arrested by a regular mollnOotollous soulnd froln the dircctiol of Mrs. lanningtrce's garden. I turned to Mr. I'olloy, an exelamnn tion of horror oil my lips, when he seized my arm and hurriedly pressed forward, stopping a few yards beyond the stableo gate. The stable appeared dark andl deserted, but the even thud -thudl-thud, still fell upon our ears. I heard a spade strike tho turf, heard the earth levered up,'heard it fall on the grass. 'Do you hear ?' I whispered. 'Do you hear that ?' And I thougrht of I)ora's experience on the night after her father's death. 'Comes from tlhe garden, I suppose,' answered Polloy. ' From the summer-house,' I almost groaned. 'I noticed that the turf was newly laiid oni the day of Colonel Man niingtree's funeral. Polloy, what, in II?a?ven's nliame, does it mean.? Was Colonel ?adnningtree. buried there ? It is impossible ! And evers so, why should Lascelles disinter him now ?' 'The questioni is which they would do first, Dr. Everest : prepare the grave or its tenant. For my part, I should say they .would settle the victim, and then .' What on earth do you mean ?' I denianded,.i clutching frantically his arm. ' No time for explanations now, sir. Worklc.fiist, talk afterwards. That is a giave Lnscelles is digging; it is in tended for Miss .laningtree. If she is not dead already, she will be directly tascelles has finished his present woikrl. She may be alive ; :she may be dead. There's just the chance.' B' But Dr. Donaldson says she is dead,' I mutteed. . ' -'Never mind Dr. ;Donaldson, sir. 'oun paJy attention to me. Alive or dead she is probably in the room where'you saw the:light on Thursdaay night' 'Now, the first.thligw to do is to. keepi cool. 2.our pulse is going about'one hundred' aid: fifty to tlhe minute; though I amn no doctor. We have a difficult job' in hand to-nilght. One of us must eiter the house, must: overcome all opposi ,tion, anid get to that 'room: ?vithout losing -in instant ; whilst tlme other sta ys lieie to shadow'Lascelles, lest lie overhears Anid rushes indoors to bar. the l vay I danresay you know the lie 'f the preihises. / ''I. If6t; I w21 soon find it out,' I' said, 'eager to be oil . :""' ' Most' likely Lasdelles "came' out' thrdughlih'e Iahck dooa aiid :left it open' to0get'.inh?ghin. Better make forthiat' Do they'keep a dog? : , 'I t.hiilk not,' "I ansvered, ." :' ' So mueli the bettei for oit chai?ces.: We will'creep bielk until cve: arelevel with .the 'suminer-thpuse, 'ahicdi you thlink tlie"soihmd domes from Tlhere I will walt, while :yos g? , o?il. Once in side the house, you had better lock the dooi to kleep oilut Lascelles.Not' that lid is likely to get: past .me; still, you nevei can, tell. Directly I think 'you liave had time to get irito thlie 'ghrden, I .will sniealk over the fence, in case he hears you open the door._. Now, doc tor, for gooddness' sake 'skeep cool.' ' Then, here goes,' I murmured; and followedl foir the present by Polloy, I stole softly and swiftly along, beside the oak paling. ' The thuds were still audible, but I could. think of nothing but the object before me : Dora was the goal ; Dora,' living or dead... Level with the back .front of the house, I peered over the .paling end observed a light through tlhe-panes,of the door by 'wvhihh 'I itid entered the garden o .the day -of Colonel Man ningtree's funeral.' This was -the point" to make for. As I rested my hands on the fence, I felt the first spot of rain. Descefiding .on the other side I alighted; ainidst .some bushes, the crackling of whose branchlies sounded as loid, to my excited senses, as pistol shots.,: Crouching ;:on: the mould;.I waited to 'make sure -I was unheard, and then. springing across the gravel path t'thle lawn,-ran'swiftly along its edge' until I stood opposite the door. No~ i was the critical moment."'Tvwo strides broughtli : ,me' vithin reach of t~he l.handle"; I: held my breath as I touched :it, so' much depended on ;its being 'umlocked. To my intednse relief it openedl; and iii 'another mohment I stood. vithiit the house, loclking the doior lieiind me:. ':: ' :. Tihe passage :was'. inarrows' here, ;swideniigingito thel hehll beyond:; a heavy cirtai;i' was dropped across it, luiding the room doors. I recbgnised the odeur de cadavre.': B 'efore I had stood..tliere a minute, the cuirtain was drawn aside and Mrs. Mauitingtree stood' befoi'e me; i one hand a glass stoppered 'bottle nearly full; in tlie other one of those' fltannel inhileers wliicelh e 'isefoi thd:' adlmini-' stilatidn of chlordfbrfm.: S~Seeiiig mie she stdpped, confounded. Ilei face turned as pale'as 'death, evet the lips -were e vhite as she 'staggered backwards agai-ist tlic'heavsy folds' of the' 'cuthtain 'Bilt, in 'an jnistdnt, she rdcovered herself. ' Whait does this iiitrusioni mean,' she.demnnded. '.1. liavk come to see: Miss Mfanning ticee,' I ireilied, aidvancing to the foot 'of'tlid 'stairs.:'. Shlie "glided' swiftly in font of me, clutbhin :the hn'drdill. :. You. mitit liive ;titken leaIe of your senses, Di." Eviei.est. fHow dare you enter thlis iouse" like a tnhief.? Leave it at once','. -'iott' sitiil I: haIvd:s sen Miss Mlan ningtree' .1 persisted.'.: ' You meust lie inad,' she cried, ' but Icanneot argie :switli you niiow. Do you knows. 'that Mlsiss Maninliigtree, is dead-'-' Sting by her words, which I scarcely dared to believe untrue, I stepped for watrd. She endeavoured to oppose me, but, forgetting heir sex in my impetu osity, I caught her by the shoulders and puslhed her backwards against tihe cuitains. Then, a few strides brought me to the first lahding, wvhere the door of Dora's room stood open. iBut I paid nio heed to this : if she was behlind it, she was dead; thIe only hlope of find ing her alive was to find her upstairs, as Polloy ihad said. The upper landing was in total dark ness; alplproaeching tile room fromnt from whlich timhe streak of light hiad fallen on Thursday, I groped for its door handle, with trembling fingers. iBut a thick curtaini hung before tihe door ; in my impatience I tore it down. ThIe door was locked. I listened eager ly, but ino sound came from within. Rleceding a few steps, I flung myself violently against its panels. They creaked, but did not yield. (To be continued. The First Life Gluards have among their tronhies of relies the trumpet which sounded thle "Charge " at Waterloo of the regiments of the IHousehold Brigade. A single hair of a man's beard is as large as 1,000O.threads of a full growli spider's web. , 