THE WATCHMAN OF OBSDEHBOSS : published by special arrangement, " sr. S"02STEB3E$», (Author. of "The Slaves of Fate," "A Miner's Million," "Children of Darkness," "Through Flood and Flame," "Queen of the Factory," "A Pit Brow Lassle(" -"The .White Gipsy," "The Mine Master's Daughter," &e.;, Ac. COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXVI.— THE NEW MASTER OF ORSDEN MOSS. A! week or two had passed away, and mat ters In the village of Orsden Uroefi were flowing along very much in the channels they hud, .pursued prior to the suddett death and incut est upon Aaron Shelyooke and the old watchman. . The three relatives of the late Master of Orsden Hall were residing together at the big house, and, save for the absence of their uncle's genial presence, there wns little change perceptible. Still there wns a differ ence 'between' Mat and Levi and Naomi a difference which each individual of the trio felt most clearly, aud yet endeavoured nei ther to see' nor feel.' Shortly after the interment of Aaron Shel voeke the "last will and testament" of the deceased mine-owner- was produced by Mr. George Scott, the Coleclough solicitor, whom the testator had constituted his legal ad viser. The document wns duly attested and proved, its validity was never questioned, aqd Matthew Slielvocke, Esq., stepped prac tically into the shoes of his dead kinsman. . To his niece. Naomi Shelvoclce, Aaron had bequeath ed the comfortable sum ' of Ave thousand pounds, free of legacy duty; to his r.ophew:' Mr. Levi Black6haw, two-fifths of that amount; all else, with the exception of small legacies, to old friends and servants, became the absolute property of "My denr nephew, Matthew," "to hiave and to hold un conditionally for ever. Thps thp young mine-manager found him self suddenly lifted from a comparatively . obscure position to ope of considerable im- i portanee.'j influence and wealth. ' The > exact amount of the fortune he had inherited was difficult to estimate; it poulfl .not be less than twenty thousand pounds, and probably might run to five or ten thousand more. But for many days Mat did not trouble his brain much with thoughts of his newly-ac quired affluence und dignity. He was sur prised that his uncle had treated him so generously; was delighted to have placed In Ahla hands such undying and indisputable "proof of Aaron shelvocke's goodwill and esteem, and while he felt sorry in a sense that his two cousins had less cause to remem ber their dead kinsman affectionately, there were other matters that pressed upon him for attention. The day after the burial of his uncle's re mains Mat proceeded to the colliery as usual, descended the mines, and discharged the ordi nary duties of the position to which he had grown accustomed, To all the miners his manners and methods remained unchanged; he was still their manager, and they were his co-workers, arid a stranger to the pits would never have Imagined that Mat was lord and master of all' he surv,! ! He was ouleta than of old, more reticent and thoughtful, but not lesp kindly rind considerate to the workers on the Moss. His finely-marked brown face had grown paler and graver, as If his out look upon life had undergone some deep change'; and the look of Introspection and speculation which had become habitual with him now gave rise to many surmises. The defection of Lettice Forrester was still a thorn In hie side, and strive as he would to put all thought of her behind him, the ghost of his strong, young love refused to be laid. Every time his eyes rested upon the fair wo- .man the wound bled anew; and sometimes, When he cnught her sadly reproachful, soft, blue eyes upon him, he felt Inclined to ques tion the truth of what he had seen. And apart from this trouble of the heart he hgd other, and perhaps graver, anxieties. There wns the mystery surrounding his uncle's strange end; Naomi's sudden resolve to quit the vjllage for good — a resolution Aaron's death seemed to have swept away; and. Anally, the unknown trouble which ap peared to hpve arisen between his uncle and Levi Blackshaw. Why Aaron Shelvoclce had deserted Naomi in Wales, and come back secretly to Orsden Groen, was n riddle to which Mat In vain sought the key. The more he cudgelled his brains for a solution of the puzzle, trie more enigmatical the mystery became; arid, still, evep when the fog around him seemed thick est, Mat felt most positive that there was much to be discovered. On various occasions Mat liad vlBlted the never-to-be-forgotten spot in the airways Where his uncle's dead body was found. Some times he had taken the underlooker or Areman with him, arid' together thoy had tried vainly to disentangle the Gordlari knot., E\en when. alone he was not more success-; fliT In his marital gropings. He was like a rnun struggling blindly in th. dark; and turn wlncji way he'Wbuld, peer here and thgre as he might, no ray of light came to him. The stone that had been found resting on Aaron Shelvocke's broken skull still remained Intact, propped against the side of the re paired gallery. Again and again the young man had bent his gaze upon that slab of rock, Into the grain of which some portion of his uncle's life blood had sunk, and wondered what story It would have unfolded could It but speak. ' When Mat had ordered the massive frag ment to be. placed aside and preserved he bad thought that the texture- of the rook Would reveal frotn which part of the roof It had fallen;' but examination of the various layers of slaty-shale composing the rpof had proved fruitless, and he was still unable to say whether the stone had fallen accidentally on the burled man, or been Aung there pur posely. ' On the night following the inquest at Ors den Hall, Mat had made his way to the col liery on the Mosa with the Intention of speak ing to the rilght- winder. Stanforth, who had volunteered to give Information before the in quiry terminated. Mat had been strongly impressed by what the man had stated; liad wondered greatly that the Important point he had raised was not corisidered more carefully by the coroner and Jury; and It was to satisfy himself more thoroughly on the matter that he sought his workman. It woa nearly midnight when Mat crossed the bank of the pits and entered the engine- house,' the door of which stood ajar. He found Stanforth alope with that evening's paper In his. hand, and the anxious look on the man's ;face showed the manager how matters stood. The following conversation took place between them: "Good-night, . Luke," he cried, genially, in order to set "the ' engineer at bin . anse. - "T daresay you- can guess why I have called to see you?" "I think I can, sir," Stanforth had answer ed. "I'm sorry, very sorry, sir, -but I thought It was my duty to speak." "Of course. It was, and I'm glad you did ypur duty!" Mat rejoined, frankly. "But there Is one thing I want you to do Arat of all, Luke, Rid your riiind of all uneasiness on my aecourit; will you? So far from blaming you for what you said, I am only sorry that you didn't speak out sooner." "I ought to hn' done so, mester, but I didn't' like," the man said slowly. "That's it. You didn't like, Luke; and I know why, you didn't like. You kept your mouth closed on my account, and you only opened It because you were half-afraid of what might happen to you If you kept back what you happened to know." "That's God's truth, sir!" Stanforth ex claimed, fervently. "I know 1| is. I could see how reluctant you were to come forward — how disagreeable It was to tell what you knew— and I knew also why you were so uneasy about It all. You thought, were compelled to think, that if old Dan Coxall spoke the truth to you, when he sold my uncle was going down the pit with his nephew, the nephew in question was my self." "What else could I think, sir? I knowed you went down the pits at a' hours, an' who else 7" "Yes, I see it all, Stanforth," Mat broke in. "God knows I didn't go with him. How could I when I was travelling all that night be tween ten and twelve o'clock? But someone went down .with my uncle, and what I have to discover Is, who that |ian was!" "That's |t, mester!" Stanforth replied. "But only owd Dan Coxall enn tell yo' that." "And he Is beyond speaking," Mat rejoined, with a low, dogged vehemence. "But," he added wltl\\) sparkling eyes, "I will And out— I will And out, If I spend the whole of my life and my uncle's fortune in the work." - The man did not make any rejoinder but his face showed that Mnt's words and man ner bad made an Impression upon him Whatever he might have thought before It was easy to see that he no longer believed that his young master hnd accompanied his old employer when he went into the mine that night. Feeling still far from satlsAed Mat made It his business on the day following to cull upon Sergeant .Roberts, to whom he explained his own feelings of uneasiness concerning the manner of his kinsman's death,. The sus picious circumstances surrounding the tra gedy demanded the most earnest and care ful investigation, and, if the officer deemed an Inquiry necessary, he was prepared to em ploy one of the smartest detectives that could be found .In England. The oAlcer listened patiently, and when Mat had concluded, spoke freely, yet with the caution peculiar to a shrewd policeman. It was. he admitted, a singular thing that Aaron Shelvoeke should steal away from Wales and go Into his own mines . under cover of the night; but singular things were happening every day In the world, if one only cared to take note of them. As Mat knew, his uncle had his own way of looking at things, and, probably, when he paid that unexpected and secret visit to the colliery lie wns only doing so to satiBfy him self that everything was being properly at tended to in his absence. Unfortunately, his perhaps excusable curiosity had cost him Ills life. As for old Coxall's statement to the man at the engines that Shelvoeke was accompanied by one of his nephews, that could be easily understood and explained. Aaron and the watchman were old friends, and the master, In all probability, liad taken Dan Into his oonfidonce. Hence the statement that two were to go down the pit, when In reality only one man wished to go. "But who came up the pit some time after wards?" Mat queried, unsatisfied. ' "No one came up." was the answer. "Luke Stanforth only imagines somebody did. Bnt as no one was working that night I suppose he would have plenty of time to dream of things, wouldn't he?" Feeling that it was useless to argue the point further Mat desisted. Besides, the only basis he had for argument was suspicion, which might prove groundless. Henee he re turned to the Hall with a mind still filled with vague misgivings and intangible doubts. In the days that followed there was no ex change of opinion betwen either two of the three cousins regarding the remarkable way in which their joint benefactor had come to his death. Various matters which had hap pened prior to that sad event had set a seal bpon the lips of Mat and Naomi, and Levi BInckshaw never alluded to the tragedy even In the remotest way. Occasionally the new master of Orsden Hall wondered why the dead man had set him on IVi a euard against Levi, and although Mat and Isaomi had spoken of that matter in Wales neither had ever ventured to renew the discussion. And thus two or three weeks wore away, the trJo of cousins living under the same roof, eating often at the same table, conversing W5u eac" ther with apparent freedom, yet With an unseen but quite palpable cloud of restraint hanging over them all. Sometimes Mat attributed this lack of heartiness and good feeling to bis own great fortune. Levi and Naomi were inclined to resent the undoubted partiality his uncle had : shown him at their cost. He was no nearer : than they were to the dead man, and it was unnatural that one should take almost all, to the exclusion of others who were also his own flesh and blood. Thus Mat thought at times, and then ho would smile In a grave, forgiving way. In time he would show them he was far from mercenary; for the nonce there was more to think of than mere worldly One morning about this time Mat She.l- ; vocke found among the batch of communlca- t'bna the earliest post brought him a letter \ , startled and annoyed him not a trifle. Ainu st the first glance at the missive arousea a keen Interest in his breast, and when he turned to the anonymous signature appended to the note, he thrust the sheet Into his poc ket, with an effort to appear Indifferent, which did not escape the prying eyes of his cousins, who were at breakfast with him. Half an hour later, when he was alone — Blackshaw had gone to the colliery offices, and Naomi was attending to the duties of the hi vseliold— Mat turned to the letter again, read it through carefully, and pondered its contents deeply. This was what ho road: "Dear Sir, — What I am about to tell you W'il most likely annoy you very much, but ias I think you ought to know what Is going on around you, and being said,- more or less openly, every day about you, I intend to' speak i frur.kly,- even brutally, if need be. Hence I wlsi- you to consider most carefully what I suy. I dare not give you my- name, but you may without much difficulty satisfy yourself that what I warn you against is true. ' l-'erhaps I do not need to tell you that the events .of the past two or three weeks have made you the most prominent man in all the vll.'t ge. As the new master of Orsden Hall, the new owner of Orsden Colliery, you have become jv public character, and the sudden way In which you have leaped, or been thrust, IritJ a position Involving Importance, riches, dignity, and responsibility, has made you a public target, at which one and all may shoot their poisoned arrows. "That is the plain truth. You are the tar- get, and shafts of envy, malice, hatred, spleen, are being shot day by day at you. If yju care for your good name you will see to this matter at once. While all kinds of vencmous Innuendoes are flying about from one gossip's tongue to another you have no right to sit idly by, with folded arms, doing nothing. "Do you know what folks are saying? They dm saying that Aaron Shelvocke's death was not the mystery it appeals; that one man could say something about It (f he cared to speuk; that the mysterious death was a fine thing for the man who stepped into his uncle's Slices; that it was remarkable Mat Shelvoeke Should be away in Wales that night when the night engine-tenter thought he had gone down the pit with his uncle; that the englne- tentei sheltered his new master as far as pos sible; that the coroner did the same thing. "Nny, more than this. I is being whisper-, ed about that there Is some connection some where between the deaths of the mine-master and hiB old watchman— each had a bloody end within an hour or two of each other; and it is even said that the police, though apparent ly asleep, are working quietly. , "A11 these things, I repeat, and a thousand others are being snld, and at your expense Of course, you know nothing. The talkers dare not talk when you are by. Even those who respect and admire you are compelled to listen to the gossip, If they don't Join in "I have told you all thijj that you may act. Someone Is working ngalhBt you In the dark. I have my suspicions, but I will not name them. You are a man and strong to think and do where your honour— perhaps your life — may be at stake. "I finish now. This letter has cost me much pain to write. For your sake alone I have written it. But you may rest assured that I shall continue to watch. I sign myself, "Only a Friend," CHAPTER XXVII.— THE PLIGHT OF THE HEIR. For a day or two after trie receipt of the letter given in the foregoing chapter Mat Shelvoeke went ahout Orsden Green, and lfis manner was in no apparent way different from that to which his kinsfolk, work people and fellow-villagers had become accustomed since the passing away of ills uncle. " ' ' . ' He w'ent down the mines less frequently thap before; spent more of his time in hang ing about the pit-top or sauntering through the village streets; was absent occasionally from his ineals at the Hall; and for the rest his countenance was graver than of old, as If he were under the ban of some ever-pre sent trouble. But that unonymous communication that revealed to him how trie winds of village gossip were blowing had affected lilrp more strongly mentally than physically; and under Its paleness and gravity his handsome face had a Bternness, a resoluteness and dogged- ness, which only two women— Naomi Shel voclce and Lettico Forrester— of all the crowd, were keen-vlsioned enough to notice. Prabahly these two only were able to read Mat's countenance and Its signs, not through their eyes alone, but by means of their hearts. That' the statements set forth In the mis sive were true, both In substance and In fact, Mat never dreamt of doubting for an Instant. The letter was a revelation to him, and still- when his eyes wore forced open he was sur-' prised and angry even that he had not seen things In that light before. \- (to in; continued.) 