JINGLE THE SECOND. "Time flics." The season had at last broken. Tlie dams were full, pas turage was in abundance; tlie stock were sloek and fat; markets wore pood, and old Embrey looked quite jolly and con tented as the sun dipped bplow the horizon just a year alter the events pre viously narrated. Clara hml become quite a handsome woman, but was a little more subdued. Ofteu and often she wondered what had become <>f Bei fcy ; " if F make I shall return and claim you for my wife ; if I break, I shall " " What," thought Clara ; and often and often she had thought. " Poor Berty, and I loved him belter than any one I know. He's gone a year and never a line from him." And site w/tuld heave a siyh and look far away, as it expecting to sight her lover. " Now, Clara," said a jovial voice, " come for a stroll; it wants only two days to Christmas, and the old man is coming to spend it with us all." " What, your father ?" asked Clara. " Yes," said Jack Brennan, for it was he, " I have ju9t got a letter from him, and who do you think is coming with him ?" It was on the tip of Clara's tongue to say .' Berty," as her heart gave a little Hatter, hut she stopped herself just in tj.ne, and said quietly, "I don't know ; not. Mr. Prendihle, is it?" "No," laughed Jack, "tlie father of my old stockman-old Winter. He J does not know his son has left Elcho Hills, and he says he is going to sur prise him and forgive him. The poor old fellow will be a bit cut up when he hears Berty has gone away a year ago and loft no trace But what's the matter, Clara?'' as tlie younjj lady staggered and leaned against the ver andah rails. " Oh ! nothing; it's been a bit hot to-day, you know, and I have been re ceiving a lot of visitors." "Yes, just so, a walk will do you good. Come along,"-and Jock led her away down the verandah, through the little rustic gate and into the orangery. "Now, don't be alarmed, Clara dear-don't be alarmed (as Claru drew back startled) ; I want to tell the pater you have promised to become my wife. I have long loved you, and we have been brought into contact so fre quently that I think we should under stand oue another thoroughly. Whflt say you ?'' enfolding the girl his breast and looking into her eyes. "Don't look at me like that]" said Clara, " you have such great big eyes." "Well, say ' Yes 1'" " I-I cannot," said Clara, bursting into tears. " I thank you for the honor you would do me, but my heart is another's." " Another's ?" credulously asked Jack, "why I have never seen you scarcely speak to anyone,-I cannot understand." Jack really looked mystiGed, and pressed Clara to tell him everything. I " It is due to you to be honcel with | you," said Clara, " can I rely ir:o^ your honor never to tell anyone whnu .. ihall now tell you unless I give you emis sion ?" " I swear it/' said Jack. Clara, with a few Bobs, told the story of her lost love, Jack's face exhibiting the surprise he felt. " Well, I can scarcely realise it," said Jack, " what's that again ?-If I make I shall return and claim you for my wife; if I break-what, I wonder ? Oh 1 he was going to say that he would never trouble you if he did not succeed, that's all. But why should you wait any longer, dear? I offer you name, position, and a good home-our pro perties join, and you will be as much at home as if you were here ; I love you dearly, bat I feel I would be mean to take you from the one I endeavored to -" and Jack stopped. " What," said Olara. " Has Berty ever told you about his estrangement from his father P" " Yes," said Clara, " he told me he ran away to the diggings, and his father dismissed him in consequence." " Yes, that is bo," said Jack, " and I got him here with the idea of effecting a reconciliation-Berty and I were chums, and old Winter and I were great friends. Bat that ib no reason why you should waste yonr life in waiting for a man who mayneyer come bade." " We ore both young yet," said Clara,! with a faint smile., " Yes, but when prief is eating out i the heart as if it were a canker-worm, J youth soon ages, Clara. Hut I think you love me a liule " " I esteem you." said Clara, " I can not allow mywlf to love yon, because if -if-" and a flood of tears welled Irom Clara's eyes. "Now, dear, let us he practical. How long will you wait for Berty ?" " For ever," said Clara forcibly. " Oli, nonsense," paid Jack. " Shall 1 irll you something ? Your father has sot his heart upon you and I marrying ; my father is anxious that I should settle down, so I think we had better settle up I and decide." " Don't press me, Jack," said Clara. I But Jack was not to be denied, and the move Cl.ira expostulated the move lie urged his chiiins upon her. At length Clara gave liiin her consent that on Christmas nit*ht, if Berty did not appear, he could announce the be trothal, if he. wished, but Clara was steadfast in her purpose, and Jack lmd to content himself with her promise that if Berty did not claim her within twelve months she would marry him. As they returned to the homestead Embrey asked Jack where he had been, and seeing the confused expression on Clara's face asked Jack inside and in vited liirn to a glass. "Am I to con gratulate you ?" asked Eiuhroy. " I don't know air, really," and the young man told the prospective father in-law all that had transpired, forgetful of his promise to Clara. " And really, sir," said Jack, " upon my honor I hope Bertv will appear." "Jack," said the old man, "I ad mire your honorable sentiments, but I should" lilce you to marry my daughter I ltnow you love her and would make her a good husband." Next day was a busy one at Harley Downs; visitors were continunlly arriv ing, and the cooks in the kitchen were up to their eyes in the manufacture of the wonderful variety and tremendous amount of comestibles to be consumed next day. The weather was delightful for the time of the year. Just at sundown a coach and four arrived, bringing the eagerly-expected guests, Mr. Winter and Mr. Brennan, senr., and right royally did Mr. Einbrcy welcome tljcin. Poor old Winter was naturally cut up at not finding his son, but lie became quite philosophical under the genial influences around him, and was heard to remark, " Oh, well, Berty was always a self-willed dog; he'll turn up again all right"-u remark which gave much comfort to Clara. " I am not going to spoil the festivities with my troubles," and old Winter was re markably affable and jolly, indeed notice ably so. On Christmas Ew there was a grand dance for the young people, while the old fogies swapped yarns, smoked cigars, and drank whisky and soda. Early next morning the young folk were up betimes and marching round the house, aroused the old folk with the carol, " Christians awake, salute the happy morn." After breakfast the Rev. Martin Nicholls. B.A., celebrated service, after which the day was given over to enjoy ment. We will pass over the dinner, the speeches, the sly insinuations at the probable engagement of Clara and Jack Brennan, which made the young couple feel quite uneasy ; it was night again old Sol had departed ; the cool night I breeze swept o'er the downs, and every one felt exceedingly happy. No, not everyone. Clara and Jack were ill at ease. | " Shall I?" said Jack in a whisper to to Clara. " Please yourself," said Clara, and she gave him a look which could be taken for encouragement or -otherwise. Jack swallowed another claret cup, and started to his feet, covering himself with a cold perspiration as he thought of the important declaration he was abotjt to make. << Order; a recitation from Jack Brennan," and even the old lady, who was in the act of saying, " And as I said the ghost came and-" stopped. " No, 'souse me," said Jack, as he fell into his chair again. " Friends," said Mr. Orowthers, a chum of Jack's, " I am privileged to know what is the matter with Mr, Brennan; he has something important to say, and what he is about to say is the privilege of almost every man to make only once, although there are ex ceptions to every rule-and-I'll now leave it to Mr. Brennan, having broken the ice for him." Poor Jack, as he afterwards said, he would much have preferred being stuck in the bush with an empty waterbag; his horse galloped away and his bearings lost, than stand op before fifty people and tell them he was going to marry the sweetest girl in creation if--hot that if be meant to keep to bimself. Well, Jack got up, and WAS in the act of taking a drink to lubricate his parohod throat, when-the fact can scarcely be related in the sensation it created-a imin in travel-stained habili ments appeared; he was BS bronzed as a pnrd ; his hair liuntf about him, while ID'S heard had not been shaven for dnye { his moleskins iiud c-iimi'iin shirt were stained tvii.li perspiration- altogether be looked like a man who liad incessantly travelled for days - perhaps weekB. Tii!.'nn a hasty ^hniee round lie first s,aw J«ek, w in was still on liis feet, and rmminir «|> lnm said," Forgive me, I a n Berty." taking him by t>l»c hand, \v!? iIo ii fcmiiiiiu: sevram betokened that Clara had recognised in the traveller I her lover. Leaving Jaelc (it all happened in A second or two) Berty looked round and recognising his father, who was looking I dazed at him, ran up to him, and kneel inp at his feet licked his forgiveneBS, while the women cried, and many men 1 sought their handkerchiefs. Amid it all the Rev. Martin Nicholls, ! who had imbibed freely, could be beard | reciting the parable of " The Prodigal ] Son." " Father, I have sinned against Heaven and before thee, and am no more worthy to be called thy son,1 wlicn A friendly hand squelched the rev. gentle man. The old man freely forgave his son, and Berty was received in open erme. Jack went to him and taking hiiu by the hand warmly congratulated iiitn. "Old man, I am sincerely glad you have come-take her, she is more worthy of you than ol I." " Not so," said Berty, " she is yonre or anyone else's ; I have not kept my compact." Berty was asked to explain his sudden nppcaraiiee, but poor old Embrey, seeing he was faint with hunger or fatigue, hegncd a respite while Berty refreshed himself, and taking hitn away learned quietly some of his adventures. In half-an-liour Berty returned-big hair trimmed, his chin shaven, and wear ing a clean white shirt and a decent tweed suit-loans from some ol the guests. Time-11 o'clock. « Now, Berty," familiarly said Jack, "where have you been these twelve months?" " Yes, tell us," cried all, " the best Christmas story of the night." Poor Clara-as white as a sheet Berty had apparently not observed her at all,-sat partly screened by a portly form before her as the unexpected guest got np to speak. How handsome h« looked, notwithstanding his travel stainB -the tired look about his eyes. " Ladies and gentlemen," commenced Berty, " I cannot attempt to explain how I feel,-the return to Harley Downs after three weeks incessant travel, and after an absence ol twelve months, I have learned from Mr. Kmbrey that the position is fairly well understood among you ;-my regard for Miss Clara, and a certain resolution then made when w* met for the last time. I now at the in ception of my remarks say I have failed, and I now"-rushing up to the as tonished Jack, seizing him and drag ging him towards Clara,-" hand bin to the best and sweetest girl that ever lived." " Whom God hath joined let no man put (hir.) asnnder," hiccoughed the parson, whereupon someone hanged him on the head and silenced him. " No, 'pon honor, I object," said Jack. " The story, the story," called tin audience. " Well," said Berty, " 1 will make it as short as possible. JJerty then stated that he, finding bis position at 1'Jcno Hills untenable, resolved to endeavor to benefit I himself by going out to the newly-dis covered field at Opalton, but wishing to absolve bis lady love be bad told her that lie intended to make or break-that if lie made a fortune he would return and claim her, but that, if he failed and at this point he was interrupted by Clara's father appearing on the scene, he would return and release her from her engagement unless lie could effect a reconciliation with his father, of which he had a slender hope, bis old churn Jack Brennan having failed. He met with bad luck at the opal fields ; was struck down with dengue, and nearly died. Restored again, he was ashamed to write to Clara or Jack, and resolved to go to Victoria, and on liis knees beg his father's forgiveness. He bod but little money, and he occupied a long time on his journey, as be " humped bluey" most of the way. On arriving at Jamberoo he found his father had left intending to go out to Western Queensland to Elcho Hills to endeavor to effect a reconciliation with his son. < I am getting old now,' the overseer told Berty the old man had said, ' and my heart yearns towards my boy.' Berty left Jamberoo without making himself known, and hurried back to Queensland, arriving at Elcho Hills on Christmas Eve. ' Oh, yes,' said the blackboy left in charge,' two big feller gone two days ; bim name bosses' fader Brennin and other feller Winter. He budgery feller, gib it five bob, Jack him gone too, big feller corroboree Em* bly's place; Clara mally Jack-bud geree white Mary, my word.' ' A horBe, a horse, quick,' sang out Berty as the black grinned and asked him if ho thought him 'b fooll* 'You takc'm mine,' said berty,; gib me good feller j I gib you lieaj»s money two days,' and after a lot of wrangling Berty got his horse. 1 Having tailed to .make My fortune,' said Berty, ' I liave no claim to Miss Chun's hand ; tiie laughter of Mr. Kmbrey can never marry one 60 far beneath lier."' Oh, tare and hounds," cried old Winter, " he's my son, I give liitn Jam beroo for a Christmas box ; you all witness it. Here, Clara, my gill," kissing her, " <Jod Mess you ; lie's a good lad, but keep him well under the whip." Berty was warmly congratulated on .11 sides, including Mr. Kmlroy. Juik, indeed, was quite ej.iled at the turn <?!' .vents, and related to a few cronies ere the night was out that lie hail miiiexiil Miss Spuoncr, of Meteor Vale, whom lie had loved-really loved-fur ever so long. What a jolly night if was to be sure. The Rev. Martin Xicholls had a job after all, for next morning, in the pre sence of all and sundry, he had a double wedding-Berty and Clara, and Jack and Polly Spooner, and that afternoon the buggies departed, hut instead of old Winter and Brennan travelling together in the four-in-hand, the eoaeli was mono polised by two awfully spooney couples, while the remaining bachelors winked and made mysterious lets. So ended the Christinas festivities at Harley Downs-the like of which had ?ever happened before or since. ROLAND QUIZ. 