VISIT OF THE BISHOP OF MEL BOURNE. tt:_ , confirmation services. .ma lorasuip the Most Rev. Dr. Goe, Anglican bishop of Melbourne, who. is .accompanied by Mrs. Ooe, is at present on his annual visit I to this district. On Saturday evening his lord j ship administered the rites of confirmation to 27 persons, 11 males and 16 females, in St. Matthew's Church of England, Lcng Gully. There was a good congregation, the church be ing well filled. In addition to the bishop the Rev. R. C. Nugent Kelly, ef All Saints' Church, and Rev. F. Goss were also present. In his address the bishop expressed Ins gratification at seeing several adults com ing forward to renew the ' vows made on their behalf at their baptism. In concluding an interesting address, his lordship recommended to the confirmees the words taken from the 51st Psalm, - part of the ,11th ; verse, " Take not Thy holy spirit from me." Suitable hymns were sung during the service,; Miss Hansen; ably presiding at tho organ. : The seating accommodation of St. Paul's Church was taxed to its utmost capacity yesterday afternoon, when his-lordship con ducted another, confirmation service. There Svere 52 confirmees, 38 being; connected with St. Paul's, 13 from All Saints' {including two .Chinese), and one from St. Mark's Church, Golden-square. The majority was composed of young ladies. In addition to the bishop, tho jVen. Archdeacon MaeCullagli (St. Paul's), the Rev. U. C. Nugent Kelly (All Saints) and the Rev. F. Goss were also present.-. The bishop in his first address explained the nature, of the rites of confirmation, and the custom of the laying on of hands which was inaugurated by.; the apostles of Jesus Christ when invoking the blessing of the Holy Ghost on the converta in the early, days of Christianity. Subsequently his Lordship delivered an impressive address to the confirmees, selecting for his text the words, '' Thine for ever." The musical portion of the service was admirably rendered by the .choir. !Mr. J. H. Bryan presided at the organ. . .. ! His Lordship officiated at All Saints' Church | last evening, when ithcro was a. large congrega tion. The bishop selected for his text, "Re joice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep," He referred at some length to the obligations as well as the pririleges of Cliristians. They"should so conduct themselves in their daily life that the goodness of their divine Master would be reflected'around tlieiii. The true spirit of .Christianity was shown in the words, " Be of the same mind one toward aaother." Although there might be points of difference between them, they should interest themselves in each other's welfare, and assist .those who were in distress, as well as rejoicing with those who had occasion to rejoice. 