Smffli notes aot notions. Bt Nunquam Dobwio. There are 11 more horses nominated for the Melbourne Cap this year than there were last; 142 as against 131. The Caulfield Cup has also experienced an in orease of 9; 168 versus . 149. Tuesday's list oniy gave 167 entries for the Caulfield Cup, but I fancy Nor-Ea9t was left off the Sydney list or entries by inadvertence, The closing of nominations at" 6 o'clock all round" (as per V.R.C. enactment) is a Confounded Nuisance, as it prevents pressmen who have to supply the provincial and intercolonial papers with the lists at the earliest possible moment from knowing where they are till.well on towards midnight. Six o'clock in Adelaide means 7 o'clock in Melbourne, so that there is an interregum of one hour after the Melbourne list is closed. It should be "6 o'clock Melbourne time" (6 o'clock in Adelaide), because under existing conditions in the telegraphic department of either this colony or South Australia it takes a most unconscionable time to land a message at its destination—at least, such was our experience on Monday evening. Now my experience (a pretty long one) of the Victorian Telegraphic department has previously been to the very contrary of this, and I hardly fanoy those officials were solely to blame; but here are the plain unvarnished facts:—The Adelaide entries for the Caulfield Cup and Melbourne Cup were not received at the respective secretariats in Bourkestreet till a quarter to 10 o'clock at night and it would be interesting to discover what length of time it took to tranrmit them from Adelaide to Melbourne in the firstplace, and from the Telegraph office, in Elizabeth street to the;V.A.T.C. and V.R.C. offices, in Bourke street, in the second. Thanks to the kindnesB and consideration of Messrs Miles and Moule, backed up by helpful hands in the V.A.T.C. office, the disabilities the pressmen were placed under through the dilatorinesBof some persons unknown were minimised as much as possible; and had it not been for their generous efforts the cause of Australasian Federation would undoubtedly have suffered in so far as New Zealand was concerned. For your Maori lander dearly loves to scan the Caulfield Cup and Melbourne Cup entries whilst breakfasting on the first Tuesday in June; and he most decidedly would not have had the ghost of a chance of so doing had not Messrs. Miles, Moule, Gargureviqh and Co. come to the rescue. The St. Albans establishment — ancient and modern—is well to the fore in the Melbourne Cup entry list, Mr W. K. Wilson the present proprietor, having nominated 9, Mr James Wilson, senior (the original founder of St. Albans), being represented by 4, whilst his eldest son. James, has 5 to his credit. The nominations for nine important eventB (classic and otherwise) at Flemington this year total 28 more than last (839 to 811), the Marybyrnong Plate showing an increase of 3, and the Derby 4; but the Victoria Amateur Turf Club folk can claim a much greater improvement still, seeing that 8 of their events have aggregated no less than 105 more (761 to 656), the Toorak Handicap having whipped up to the extent of 28, the Futurity Stakes 23, and the Caulfield Guineas 19. Although the Messrs. Miller have nominated eight£horses for the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race, the total entries only number 52 this year in comparison with 80 in 1897. However, if the Quantity is lacking, the Quality is all there, such flatracing celebrities as Battalion, Paul Pry, Homespun, Surge, Acton, The Hall, and Carrum being specially noticeable amongst the entrants. The Grand National Steeplechase has likewise experienced a reduction of nine—from 44 to 35; but we are bound to witness an interesting event, neverthe less despite the fact that Whernside and Hayseed are iuppttnWbyNflus »nd Hive to coj.sWnte the West: whilst Donald Mackinnon can be relied on to make a bold bid for victory in the interests of NewZealand steepleobasers. 1 All things are possible under the benign sway of the Totalisator. Only fancy such a Properly dangerous owner as Mr. Jno. Crozier bringing jB17 lis. " divvy " against 18 opposers . This is what the South Australian sportsman did on Saturday, the third day of the Adelaide Racing Club Meeting, when Bloodstone 9-4 sailed home m advance of Fund 8-11, Alveary 8-5, and 10 others m the Rose Park Handicap, the five furlongs of which were negotiated in lmin. 3Jsecs. Bloodstone is by the Chester horse Carlyon (winner of the Australian Cup) from the imported mare Atholine, who was without doubt "born in the purple " (as the saying goes), seeing that her sire was the famous Blair Athol (Stockwell—Blink Bonny), whilst her dam, Habena, was by Irish Birdcatcher from Bridle (by The Saddler). Atholine produced two Maribyrong winners in Habena and Narina, besides such celebrities as Gainsborough, Geraldine, Fernside, Blairgowrie, and Huntingtower. Bloodstone is a five-year- old, and as Atholine is now eight and twenty she must have been 23 years old when she foaled him. As Bloodstone is entire his strains of blood should command attention when he leaves the post for the paddock. Father and son (Richard Walker and George Walker) rode in the same race, the Rose Park Handicap, " Dicky" being up on Once More and young " Georgey " on Cigarette. Once More finished fifth. Had Euphane 0-7 won the Rose Park Handicap his backers on the Totalisator would have lifted j6409 19s. for every JJ1 they invested. The very thought whereof doth, like a poisonous mineral, gnaw into one's inwards. An observation, by the way, which was originally credited to a party, by the name of Iago. In the Victorian Racing Calendar for June, published last week, notification is made that every horse incurring disqualification under the Australian Jockey Club, or the South Australian Jockoy Club, to all races or meetings to which such rules respectively apply, is consequently declared to be disqualified by the committee of the Victoria Racing Club, and not eligible to be entered or start for any race where the V.R.C. rules are in force. According to Mr. C. D. O'Halloran's professional " opinion " the " order " to the above effect made recently by the V.R.C, Committee is in the nature of a New Rule of Racing, and, as the committee have no power to make new rules, he considers that the " order " is of no effect whatever. It certainly appears strange to me that Mr. O'Halloran should have given such a professional " opinion," seeing that the committee of the Victoria Racing Club was acting within its powers when making such a notification, which in itself bore no semblance to a new rule, but was simply carrying out the provisions of Rule 194 of the V.R.C. in their integrity. Rule 194 reads as follows" Whenever any horse shall be disqualified by the Victoria Racing Club, or by any other club, for a term, and not for a particular race, as soon as such disqualification shall have been endorsed by the committee of the Victoria Racing Club, such horse may be struck out of all engagements by the secretary of any club in whose race it is engaged." The latest notification of the V.R.C. committee informs those whom it may concern that in future as soon as a horse is disqualified uuder the rules of the Australian Jockey Club, or of the South Australian Jockey Club, it is ipso facto (" by the very fact") disqualified by the Victoria Racing Club also. The clause I have italicised—'• or by any other club "—puts it beyond the pale of even a legal " opinion " that the V.R.C. committee always possed the power to endorse such disqualifications, and their most recent pronouncement is to the effect that instead of endorsing A.J.C. or S.A. J.C. disqualifications seriatim (" one after the other ") they have decided to endorse them tn bloc (" in a lump "). At least that is my " unprofessional" opinion. The Challenge Cup presented by old Oxford and Cambridge " blues" for competition between the Universities of Australia was contested (the 11th time) on the Port River at Adelaide on Saturday, when the representatives of Sydney Alma Mater justified the opinions formed of them by rowing men who had witnessed the eight-oar crew at exercise by winning from start to finish, covering the distance (three miles) in 18min. 0$sec. The Sydney 'Varsity lads won, "well within themselves," by some six lengths; but the struggle between the Adelaide and Melbourne lads was of —&1 oharacter, the local lads onl! honors (after a number of de,L half a length. The crew thatM?5?* tates in hand to " coach " always t°odieat^dThe vet6ran The establishment of Tattersall'g on the principle sporting evenuV'^M tralia has developed a new phase is-mine-and-what's-mine-is-my-own" 1HI this fashion: Drawers of eood u "swMpB." elated with thrt? known in the past to lay the much to nothing" about the animal9 process of time this " generosity "ff. for as a matter of course, until no* it H a recognised "right" with some prefer to scratch their horses rather tb»^H chance of winning a big stake for tT<,M who fails to approach them in the matter^H Now an owner has no moral claim on^l the golden cake at all; but still as A policy I believe in the lucky draweSj slice. It's all very well to say/'OhflB monstrous to suppose that because a ra<ufif have spent hundreds in these sweeps witb^E any return happens to draw a good hoBg horse at all—he should be expected to portion of whatever he might win tbr^l The mere fact of his having spent hi^l pounds before has nothing whatever to d^| particular owner. All he is concerned a^| fact that his horse might be good enougl^l enough "consideration" was tendered i^| make it worth his while endeavoring t^| don't believe in levying blackmail; but^H staunch in the faith that it is better at a^| Sacrifice a Part rather than stand Jeopardising the Whole. I was led into this particular vein through reading in a Sydney eporting^| week that, in connection with the New SoH Waterloo Cup Coursing Meeting, a owner".of greyhounds had " distinctly unless the drawer of his nomination in Mammoth Consultation laid him a 'FaiJS would, run something else, and reserve for the;Moonee Valley Waterloo Cup,on*H there is a similar sweep." On reading tl^H to the cohcluaion that it was rather &s;|H thing to priblish such a notification, in^H such publication was likely to bring aboo^| state of affairs the owner was evidently avoid. No one likes to be called on to"^B deliver!" and it is quite possible, al^H such an announcement, that in the ei^H champion being reserved for the Moci^h Waterloo Cup Meeting in July, the driH owner's nomination for that event in sweep may argue, "As there's no otberfi^H sweep money depending on it, you can him for this season.; I will not lay youab^B ing about him, but stand the hazard of tb^J You see a Waterloo Cup differs from, bourne Cup in one very material respefl Waterloo Cup when a nominator pays a^B he pays up the lot; it doesn't cost copper to go to the slips. Consequently,^! of the 64 nominations are accounted for and the drawer of a nomination in Tatters^^H knows that unless the dog representing tM nation wins his first course (or succeed Waterloo Purse afterwards) he will notrfl™ than a certain amount (£37 10s). 'running into ■hoald P™ Ja perfectly immaterial to ■ ijrf* to Blips or not. The ■ f'f L drawn a nomination in tho '' the Moonee Valley Waterloo Cup • vJ receive ^37103. Melbourne Cup, where the startora the average—one-fouitn or tuo and the same amount of money I'ssoagst'" starters" as amongst " nona matter of some momont to tho Cie in a big " consultation" to onsuro m the post, and it would pay tuo drawer K incur all the necessary oxponso which oald have to entail so as to participates !!t divided amongst starters. That is "horsey" owner is always boui. I to * different pedestal to tho " do ;gy" "--of being ablo to t -nd f p money. As I said boioro, nd" under any circumstances, ith tho polioy and equity of eing come to between drawer lyl should be only too happy y of laying an owner " a bit much fear me I would see him ition before he would get a ier a threat of compulsion, irse or his dog first; and then heel afterwards. Them's my ion as to which is the faster reyhound or a Baceborse— oral occasions in England; record as to any specific trial to half-a.mile I feel satisfied play superior paco; at all d pitting one against any that distance—Bobadil for b on Saturday precluded still there was no material i displayed by tho leading and except that Molbourno id defeat, this time at tho if last year's premiers. Once rns against Melbourne they of reverses} but under tho ing the premiership two or 10 season do not projudically o the same extent that they tions. Geelong wont down ly through tho inaccuracy 'he Pivotonians havo always :ch thorough adonts in Dent of football' play, a great surprise to Jeficient as they have boon ysts—against Carlton and it no doubt they will make overcome their disability in Collingwood held Carlton very " cheap " right through their contest, albeit at the 8ta,rt of the game it looked as if the Dark Blues were the stronger team. Port Melbourne succeeded'in inflicting their first defeat on the North Melbourne lads, and as Pootscray had a soft snap with Brunswick, the representatives of Stoneapolis now hold the pride of place in the Association competition. Footscray 11 goals 9 behinds v. Brunswick 5.goals 5 behinds, at Pootscray. Goalkick^rs: For Pootscray— Grunden (3), Mitchell (2), Robertson (2), Kruno (2), Brockwell, Drew. For Brunswick— Uutwoll, Hellyer, LeedB, Ramsay, Graham. Port Melbourne. 8 goals 12 behinds v. North Melbourne 2 goals 7 behinds, at Port Melbourne. Goalkickers : For Port Melbourne—'Daly (4), McGee, Pears, Powell, O'Brien. For North Melbourne— Morris, Houston. Willianutown 4 goals. 9 behinds v. Riohmond 1 goal 9 behinds,at Williamstown. Goalkiokera; For Williamstown—Warren (2), A. Thompson, M'Namara. For Richmond—C. Backhouse. 