BENCH AUDI BAR. I No. Vih Vif* ? ii j MR. ACTING JUSTfCS R. E- I O'CONNOR. I Tfii' man inclined to wa^er on the point may bet his bottom doilur that political life has teen the last, of Mr 11 K O'Connor, -- C, c» M L C and one of the New Soath Wales Federal Ten, who has acceptcd an aclinjj judgeship for six months, lro-u Ms political adversary G II Kcid, and for tbat period at least Mr O'Connor may be oonsHcr«ji as dead politically as Julius C.i-sar. rro far as politics and Parliament ar^ concerned Mr ; 3-3 O'Connor will be no great. lc«s. l'here was a great deal of tba privr and tbe pedant ? about him, and he n?ver distictruiPhed him self in anything particular except as tho | nf'hrt «f VI* Uarlnn r.n tho Fprtpi'ftt.ir.n nnoa. tioa. Was it disappointed political ambition, or pique, that indac:J Mr O'Conuor to give up and forsake a lucrative practicc for a puisne juigphip .-U the last goncial lion Mr O'Connor voluntarily retired from ths Legislative Council, to cont-Rt h sea1: far tbe Legislative Assembly iu opposition the policy ot the present Mioi'try. f5ut he got a 4 devil of a drubbing 1 from the Labor Member, who licked him badly. * * * Ihe last big ca?e in which the new acting* .ludge appeared was the ilc?harry Arbitra tion Case, in which some hu^c fees aud much odium were earned. It may hi msntioaeil here, as a mere coincidence, that tbe three chief personages in the McSbatry Arbitra tion Case wore (and are) three strong Fe icralists— Messrs K Bartou, Q.C,, ii hi O'Counor, Q.C., and Brace Smith. All three rare candidates for tjats iu the Legislative As?cmbly, aad at the general eU-cUon ia July all three were bidly b:alcn. While at the Bar, Mr O'Connor appaarcd in at, least two important criminal case*, He defended Detective John Koche when tbat oflicer was charged with the manslaughter of a watch mater and jeweller resident in Devonshire street, a man reported to he a 'fence,* or receiver of stolen property. AfLer Mr O'Connor's speech the jury acquitted i.'ocho without hearing anyone else. With other counsel be appeared for Mr IV P Crick when tbat gentleman^ was arraigned for conspiraL'y in tho now notorious Dean - Heather conspiracy to defeat of justice inci dent. As in lloche's case so in Crick's, Mr O'Connor got his client off triumphantly before the conclusion of tbe trial, tbe jury intimating that they were prepared to acquit Mr Crick after bearing Mr O'Connor, a circumstance which induced the Crown Pro&ecutor;, Mr Heydon, Q.C., to complain tbat be had been 'jockeyed' out of his right to reply, Mr O'Connor is a Sydney native, his father having been Cleik of the Parliament for many years, the eon holding for a time a clerkship in the fame department, lie has French biood in his veius. as bis graud mother is understood to have been a daughter ot napoieaa a miaous jiecjrai, iuaraaai fc'oalt. The grandfather of the new Judge having left Ireland in tbe time of tbe poli tical trouttee at the commeaceaieat of the century, took up, with many of his coun trymen, his residence in France. Mr O'Con nor. having read law with Mr Datley (now Chief Justice of New iSouth Wales) was calicd to tbe Bar in June, l*7ri. 9 ' « V On December 80, 1SS7, Sir Henry Parkes nominated ten new members to tbe Opper House. Of the number, nine h&d; heeii in the Legislative Assembly, tbe exception being Ur K E O'Connor, who had no pre vious parliamentary experience, The nine nominated were Doctors Bowker and lien wick, and Messrs 'Jannery' John Davies, Humphrey, Kerr, Shepherd, Trickett, Wm. Walker, and BHD White. No one knows why Mr O'Connor was appointed, though it waB thought that Parkes was not nnmindful of many littJe courtesies extended to him when raw in politics by tbe then clerk of the Legislative Assembly. There is a story | current which may or may not have a sub stratum of troth. Mr O'Connor, sear., was i a great lover of and a capable performer upon the /lute, it is said that he took a favorite instrument for repair to Henry Partes when the latter presided over tbe toy shop in Hunter- street, and labored at the turning lathe. When Parkes first got into Parliament he ambled up to the clerk and blandly saidi 4 Hi suppose you don't re member me 7' 1 Ob. yes,' Baid Mr O'Connor, ?I do; .you are the man that ruined my flute.' «. ? c By his admirers Mr O'Connor is said to have been the strongest Minister who has ruled the Justice Ortice. The public can en dorse or reject that opinion as it pleases on a perusal of the list vf Mr O'Connor's pre deccssors as Ministers of Justice. The office came into existence in December, Itj'J. Previous to that the law officers of the Crown were the Attorney-General, tidward Butler, Q.C, and J G L Innes, Solicitor General. When Batfer seceded from the Parkes Ministry over the appointment of Sir James Martin as Chief Justice, Mr, after* wards Sir George Innes, got a leg up, and became the chief law oilicer. Sir Henry Parkes created a dual portfolio, Justice and Public Instruction, and conferred the appointment - upon his old supporter, George Wigram Allen, who afterwards became Speaker of the Legislative At* sembly, which office he lost by a big vote cast for Edmund Barton. When elected to the chair of tbe Legislative As sembly Bir George Wigram Allen had a majority of one over his opponent, Hobert Wisdom. After Sir George W Allen, as Minister of Justice, came Joseph Docker, a nonentity whom some sarcastic person named as the member for Nowhere, and who filled the post twice. Other occupants of the office were F B Suttor (twice), Joseph Leary, J G- L Innes. W J Foster, H K Cohen, J 8 Farnell, T M Slattery (thrice), A J Gould (twice), L P Heydon, J .P Garvau, William, Clarke, and O A Lee, in all nine lawyers and six laymen. The duties of the office may be said to be purely routine. The Department is charged with: Business re lating to the offices of the Chief Justice and the puisne Judge, to the Snpreme, Circuit, and District Courte, and to the office, of chairman ot' Quarter Sessions, commutation or remission of sentences other than capital, copyright registry. Coroners, Courts of Petty Sessions, police and stipendary magistrates, gaols and penal establishments, administra tion of tbe Acta tfslatingT to newspapers, patents, the', sheriffs, and cemeteries. These duties do not require any brilliant talent for their perfect discharge, especially when we consider the large and well-trained staff of officials serving under the Minister. Mr O'Connor for a time filled the office of Solicitor-General, re-established while At torney- General Barton was absent from the colony on sick leave, Mr O'Connor resigned office upon a vote amounting to censure imssed upon htm and the Attorney- GencrrJ, Mr Uarton, at tbe instance of the present Minister for Justice,. Mr Lee, the subject matter of tbs censure being tbe acceptance by Messrs Barton and O'Connor, witb' other leading counsel, of briefs for the plaintiff in the then pending case of Prondfoot v the Commissioners for Railway*. Concerning thiB disgraceful episode, John Norton, in an ' Open Letter ' addressed to Mr O'Connor at the time, made the following observation:— 41 But before considering you in your putatiTO c&peu-iiv; of controller of our political dottiniep, permit uie to t;l«ace at you uj a lawyer. i claim souie competcuce for this test— aud it is a Uftk— haviug come into contact, not to cocfliot, with you io your professional capacity iu tlie CritaiaaJ Court, as wtil aa haung watckei you in your Oubinot Ministerial capacity as Aliaialer ii.r Justice in the Js&t; Dibls Admia?« tratino. Iu h&t-meiitloued; capacity, thai of Cabinet .Vmitfter, you were gutiiy oi a piece of i prof3pfeicrt-.il prc.-pm{iliop aud political turpitude ibit wc/ujfi tititfe aiR^iM-ed a police court attorney. You. while a Crown Law Guioer ? nod u member «-f tho Government bound by oalh und . etiquette lo w&tcn; 1 owr aud ealeguaid tbe public interests, took a brief againti tbe Crown— i.e., tho People i — iii ihe big Government contract case of Proud foot v ihe ilailway Couiuiissiouera. To eay tbe ] least of it— to apuak of it in the mildest nui tnoet iuoici-al« terms possible— this whs a red bot i Rcnodaloue pioceejiug. Tbe scandal causpl, acd tfjM iudcf:umt omory raisid b-ith iu .iud out uf i Pdrlifcuiauf, forced y--u to return fJiu brief; Lut j pj u-j-le*pr-'fid and iiifeuse was ihfl public tudi^- j u-iiidii moused 'by your couduct ibm you had to I ilio Cjsbiuei rciifu your portfolio. it ; is uu lalliatiou uf your offuure -.» buv that you sii.n-d in purtd '.?jujpAiiy, Jbat of Jhe Jloo Jiii luund lUit.m, nuo'hi-r political lavvcr, a (J.C. nud M.L.C. liki- yoursell, who hj'epted a brief witb you on i*be tame siJe KKdiubi lb*' Crowu, wliile a Cal-iQM Minister with you. holdmu 'he portfolio oi' Atiormy Ueci.ral, The conduct of 'bus b of you was eiiuply firandalouM mid ouira^eous ol t-rerv rule of yro fei'j'ioiiHl etiquette and canon of political recti fu-lc. Voti were fjoth propes.'y punished liy uciversnl public ^oodtnmntinD nud MtijiMcrial OHiruciiMij. Vour conduct waa « great M»w to i he Cs-^fid«nti-a of your Irieudu und h black blut on your political tiiiirarrer. A lawyer whn a-jis thus i* to te dipti jht^d : as a politician h' can *;c -rtH'e'y pe couu'mpt; «ucj most o^ruinly Nucb i-ondujt niani}:* bim a* unti-udtwurtliY.' Mr Leedid not immediately enjoy tbe fruits of his censure motion, but, though late in the day, he baa recently secured the covslea pn/.e, * * ? baling with Mr O'Connor in the dual me of Australian politician an I Irish patriot, the same writer in the same Open tetter, proceeded to tell Mr. k. E. O'Connor wnat he thought of hioi, in the following terms As m politician you arc a truckler and a Tory, 'Wj r.r: hind aud i?lore with ibo reactionary ftu-:ioo of 'Fo^siln,' who politically hibernate la th'it cold eiuru^e Chiuibcr n* Autiquities — the Lpper lloupe. You hit cneek by jowl wish the Juptrittl Inderal ionien, aud do tfae dirty worh. of Imperialism, while preiondinjr to bervo , tbe Pi-npli.-. Tboro is net ihe scent of r nucll ] ot the Popular Cause ibout vuti uud your career. 1 Vour vii'w - nn Federation are, for tbe* most pail, I unkuowu nud uncsrtain ; where kaowu and corl I lain, rlie\ ^re found to bo mer-^y the ooliouh I puMapifd into you by Mr linrton, vour political ' wer-uuree, u-ioee parliamentary mot th piece or i echo you p.re. As an Kngliabuian born, and uu ! Ac^ii.:-.o bred, J can epeak plainly to you, or fu auy c/berphifiy Irish shuffler oi your sm. with out t.u.-pick-u oi inn^u.uB prejudice o.- racial bias , —thai und nothiug mere. You are an Irishman 1 and m Catholic; buf irom fcoiij a racial and religious point of viyw, lrit-hui?n, who love Ireland and Ircland'o cause, hive a rjgbl jo resent your conduct aad suspsct v-ur motive*. At one time you were a Fenian, i.e., a National, iet; to-day ymi are a tempuriber, a liuiu-a-.-Pver, a waiter ou Imperial Political Providence, and, iu times gone by, would have made an admirable member of ibe 41 Pope's Bras* Band.' A tew years ago, when Monsigoor Persico, tbe Popb'a Legate or Nuncio in Ireland, endeavored to put down FenianUra, or Xationalisin in the form of boycotting by the Land League, by issuing a Papal Itsscript, you attended a public meotins in tjydney to denounce Mounignor Portico's Action, and to protest, against the Pope's inter ference in Irish political affairs. Wnat ia your attitude toward* Ireland's cause to-day r1 Only this month you were invited by a circular issued Ly kn'iro and respected Irjub Patriots to attend | a i:iofitiD£ called tor the purpose of celebrating 1 '* The llundrej'h Anniversary of ike Irij.ii lnaurrLCtion of 179S/' at which it was iutena^d ' in a reverential manner to pay a deserving tribute to tho patriot of 'OS, eome of whom, including the celebrated Wjcklow Chief, Michael still lie in unhonored graves in our midst.' You, the former Fenian advocate, sent a Jawycr-hke | letter declining the invitation, and impudently j inviting your tnviters 4- not to raise auy political ! | questions or make any disturbance.' A pretty , sort of leader, tn be sure, for the Protectionist 1 | Party in New South Wales, to which Irishmen adhere almost to n man! You can never be ! | leader of the Protectionists, and, therefore cau never be Premier, for the simple reason that your I ' Irish fellow countrymen aud co- religioui*te ' 1 w mld never accept you in either capacity; if they j did, they would be renegade to Ireland and her I cause. Most of Ireland's wrongs and woes, and her long and infamous oppression, bave been due to Irishmen oi the political lawyer class, of which you are a finished type, working in con junction with her political misrulers. I always suBpsct an Irish 44 patriotic.' lawyer, who can make tho proud English boast that he is a Q.C. Fancy en Irish Queen's Counsellor as an Irish Putriot! It's enough to make Erin's guardian angel weep! Then, again, the manner in. which you, an Irish Catholic, coqunt with the Orange' faction would be eiraply comical it' it were not painful. You were practically an Orauge nominee ut the recent Federal Ejection without any vigorous protest on your part. It was your candidature inoro than anything else which brought about the Cardinal's defeat. You hud the chiilcd-etuo! check to make one of a deputation to the Car dinal to request bim to retire froui tbo Federal Election—you, a Catholic, who wers yourself a candidate as the nominee of til* -enemies of tbe Church of which the Cardinal is the titular and revered and reco?ni*ed head. The Cardinal very properly pointed ont to you the impropriety of your conduct ia thus attempfing to coerce .his public actioQ. What a fine figure of Catholic consistency you must have cut on tbat occasion ; also when you accepted an invitation to attend the Public Schools Jubilee Sports Demonstration at Moore Park, to which all Protestant but no Catholic echoo) children had been invited. Yes, you are a fine stid^le of an Irish-Catholic Patriot, Mr K, E. O'Connor, yon are, by God ! Why, you owe your position as'a member of Par liament in the Upper House to the late Sir Henry Parkes, tbe greatest opponent of Irishmen and tbe most consistent and determined enemy of Catholics ever known in Australia. It was from him, Parkes, tbe contactor of the Fenian Con spiracy, the raiser of the Kiami Ghost, and the prompter if cot the perpetrator of the judioial murder of the drunken madman O'Farrell, that you, an Irish Catholic, accepted the title of * Honorable/ with a seat in tbe Legislative Cotinoil — from the bands of the man guilty of O'Farrell's blood and responsible for the ostracism of Irishmsn and the calumniation of Catholic* in New South Wales. Yon remind me very much of a lot of other Irishmen whose careers is Irela&d; hare not prompted their countryman to revere their memories or record tbeir achievements on marble monuments. For these, and many other rescues 1 could mention, voq have fio more chance of being Fremiee of New youth Wales than I have of be coming Pope of Borne, An Irishman who cannot find acceptance among his own oountry men and co-religionists can scarcely become the bead of a State composed mainly of English Protestants. You can never command the love and loyalty of the majority of Irishmen in tbis country ; you have too much of the political lawyer — the Irish tool of English rule —about yon, to find acceptance in loyal Irish hesrte this aide the Line. Von would find greater accept ance in Ireland or England— Dublin Castle or Downing Street. As a professional lawyer yon may be all right; as an Australian politician you are doubtful; as an Irjsh patriot yon are, take mr word for ifv sot worthy to. rank with — Dan O'Connor. Therefore, your pretensions to the leadership of the Protectionist Party are sot worth a piooh of ealt; your alleged aspirations to the Premiership are simply preposterous. You can neither lead men nor fight them; in a political campaign or Parliamentary debate I'd undertake to give a good aooonntof yon io my leader myself. Therefore, be not puffed np wlta pride ; cool the coppers of your ontrafreons aspirations; fall into line behind yonr legitimate leader, who, for the time being, is Mr Lyne ; and keep in step with the rank and file of the Pro tectionist party without aspiring to lead it, which you could never do even if yon were per mitted to .try; ' ? ? * ' While Minister of Justice, Mr O'Coqnor introduced two .departmeptal regulations, for wb'*cb he ia entitled to commendation. Under the, sanguinary laws ot New South WaleB— a reminder of the barbaric days of Jagdom~A number of offences, many of them petty, are paniohaule by Hogging. Und?r tbe Act two magistrate* cud. award i-S ; hours' imprisonment and a Hogging, Within the time of imprisonment the pobJtc flagel lator performs bis office. 'Kre now, when this punishment was ordered at any of the metropolitan police courts, the sufferer to be was confined in the Woolioomooloo lock-up, and ia the yard attached to tbis sombre building, the flo^eer wielded hts 'cat* aud cut tho cuticlc with scientific energy. On ono occasion four men were flogged iu thie yard (not large enough to owing any other cat). Soma hundreds of ineu, women and children, assembled outside to 'enjoy ' the ecreamef Kbrieks and blasphemies of the tortured wretches behind the wali. It was a spectacle*' worthy of. and redolent of, the old lag days of Hyde Park Parracks wheu Tim Luue was at his best. When the next man wa9 ordered * for ' ekiuning,' Mr O'Connor witnessed a crowd a.sr- umblci whicb caused bim to )6Sne a minute ordering that in future the dexter arm a oil cot of tbe floi^er nbould be exer cised within the walla of Darlinghuret Gaol. or a The other regulation applies to tbe carry ing out of capital b&ntcnccs; iu this gaol. On July 11, a cold blooded scoundrel, G. W. ii. Archer, was executed at JJarJinghorst for the murder of a poor seamstress, Kmma Harrison, who lodged in the same house with him in Burton-street. In tho little crowd on ibe green patch nadsrneath the gallowB stood the attorney who liefcnded the murderer and w ho since thatJuiy morning has bccome uotouous over other matters, Archer noticed the attorney, l:. i). Meagher, iu tbe crowd and bcyge'i thut he might bid allowed to accompany him to tha scaffold/ The rccjuc£t oi tiie dying mau waa complied with, and Meagher, hand in baud with tbe murderer, icurntyed to the scaffold. U'itit tii2 Alloruiy alongside, Archcr made hia latt «lyinj; si^cch. In that fipctcU he lied and (fief wi'. it a lie upon his lips. Dyiug, aud a liar 1 Tbe irony of tbo connection 1 ? k was the t-urmiu'. of those who witnessed the execution, whether the murderer's Attorney ku -\v ir.e truth. To the advent of the lawyer the ronkcquent deiay in « the proc-itdm.'*, executioner Howard attributes tho horrible ei.-ene which followed ou the bMt hting drawn, the wictched mau bein^ slowly strangled through the rope getting wrong. To pre vent a recurrence of fucU awful sights, Mr ' O'Couuor determined that the culprit, tbe executioner and hi.) assistant only should in future, occupy tbe scaliold when the last sentence of the Jaw was being carried into eilect This put au itrtectual stopper on all , ssn^at'os-mongeifi. and renders the carrying . out of death ecntcnccs a mere function. 