CITY COUNCIL. THE GOVERNMENT AND THE CORPORATION QUEEN VICTORIA MARKETS. The adjourned meeting of the finance committee of the City Council was held yesterday afternoon, the Mayor (Alderman Matthew Harris) presiding. PROPOSED EXCHANGE OF HANDS. The proposal of the Minister for Lands for the exchange of lands on the Sydney common, with a view to providing a recreation ground for the public schools and sportsmen generally, came up for further consideration. The Mayor said he saw no reason why the sug- gestion of Mr. Carruthers should not be agreed to, as it would be an improvement in the right direc tion. Alderman Norton, and Sir W. P. Manning strongly opposed the exchange. The former said it was nothing but a political dodge on the part of the Minister, and the latter had some doubt as to whether it was within the province of the Government to interfere with the public parks for recreation purposes. The City Council, he said, was the proper body to do this sort of thing. The discussion became general. It was pointed out as possible that if the request of the Minister were not acceded to the Government would ignore the council, and resume the land. Alderman Dean moved that the request of the Government be granted Alderman Jessep se- conded. Alderman Waine brought forward an amendment. He was in favor of acceding to the request on condition that the road in front of the Cricket Ground was extended to Park-road at the cost of the Government. A further amendment came from Alderman Norton. He wanted the council to ask that the public be at all times ad- mitted to the ground without any payment or re striction. The aldermen laughed. "Why this inane laughter?" asked Alderman Norton; "I can't understand these interjectory cachinations." (Laughter.) Alderman Waine's amendment was carried. THE NEW MARKETS. The Mayor said it was necessary for some steps to be taken in connection with trollies for the new markets. He would like the council to come to a decision at once. Alderman Norton said he was to introduce a deputation to the Mayor on the following day, consisting of a large number of fruitgrowers and dealers of Belmore Markets, to protest against their practical ejectment from those markets. "They decline to go to this building," he said, pointing through the window at the Queen Vic- toria Markets. A numerously-signed petition would shortly be presented to the council. Tho Mayor pointed out that the question of trollies was what the council had to consider. It was a matter of some urgency, since the spaces in the basement would be required very soon. Alderman Norton: There is not the faintest ghost of a shadow of a chance of your having any rush. They will not come. The Mayor said he had received any amount of applications for spaces in the new markets, and Alderman Norton was entirely wrong in what he said. He further stated that he had been approached by shareholders in the Bathurst- street markets to buy them out, in the event of which they would transfer their business to the new building in George-street. Others, again, had asked that he would have the fruit sold by fruiterers, instead of the system prevailing at the Belmore Markets. This would, perhaps, be done. It was decided to call for tenders for the sup- ply of trollies. A MATTER OF AUDITING. A somewhat peculiar letter was read from Mr. Hugh Gordon, inspector of the cattle sale- yards at Homebush. Mr. Gordon was desirous that the Council should have all his books audit- ed, so that not only the Council, but also those doing business at the saleyards, would see that everything was correct. There was he explained, no foundation for certain statements that had been made about the keeping of the books. This led to the reading of a letter from Mr. Solomon, general accounts auditor, which con- tained some advice which the Council would do well to adopt. The letter was as follows: — "While thanking the Council for the honor they have done me in placing a further trust in me by the additional title of 'general accounts auditor,' I venture to ask that the exact position be fully determined upon, so that In exercising an audit upon the revenue-producing accounts I may dis- tinctly understand the full extent of my au- thority. Under my letter of appointment, certain duties are set forth which, though in themselves necessary as part of a system of check, do not, I most respectfully submit, sufficiently suggest a complete idea of the meaning of an audit in its professional application. It is, therefore, with a wish to be thoroughly in touch with the desire of the Council that I seek direct instructions. I have always been convinced, and have on occa- sions pointed out, that an audit department com- prehensively conducted would prove invaluable to the Council, not only in its control over the accounts generally, but as a direct channel through which the operations of the income and expenditure could flow, and be collected into a point of reference from the various works and departments, and without wishing to assume any more power than is absolutely necessary for an efficacious audit, I maintain its work should be under an executive and untrammelled head, and it was my intention, under the impression that I had been appointed to such an office, to formulate a scheme for the inspection over the revenue accounts on similar lines to those I have in force against the expenditure; however, under the definition of my duties as laid down in my letter of instructions already referred to, such intention is curtailed, and I should like to place on record the fact that under it my powers will not extend to a direct audit upon the treasury, no authority having been given me, for instance, to periodically check the bank pass books with the cash book entries. As previously stated, though I do not seek undue prominence of office, my knowledge of the intricate responsibilities of an auditor prompts me to thus point out that the present interpretation of my office does not invest my work with that wide character usually exer- cised by an auditor in the performance of his duties." It was decided that Mr. Solomon and Mr. Ander- son (city treasurer) should audit the books in con- nection with the saleyards. Mr. Solomon's letter will be considered at a future meeting. THAT TERRA-COTTA LUMBER. The report of Mr. George McRae regarding the terra-cotta lumber used In the Queen Victoria Markets was the next item on the business sheet. The report, which was the outcome of a complaint made by Alderman Norton to the effect that the lumber was of no use and was not true terra- cotta lumber, had already been circulated among the aldermen. Alderman Norton proceeded to open a handbag. He brought to light two "specimens." "I'm ready," he said. "Here's the stuff you've got in the markets — and here's the real stuff." He ask- ed the Mayor if he had fulfilled his promise to take a block of the material out of the building for examination. The Mayor said he had not done so, inasmuch as Mr. McRae had said it would cost £150. Shortly, however, certain work, which would entail the removal of some of the lumber, was to be done, and he thought it would be well to postpone the matter. The suggestion of the Mayor was agreed to. 