STRAY NOTES. i The Kaiser and the Holy Lud.-? THE ..: Emperor William of Germany ha essayed many râle» since his appearance úpoi the stage of Europe ;'but bis latest rúVe o friend and ndvlscr-in-chief to, tho Sultan i perhaps the strangest.' Tho Kaiser" is abou to visit thc Holy Land shortly, and Jcrusalen is making preparations to receive him aa th< friend and honored guest of the; G rea Assassin and oppressor of thu Christians o Armenia and Syria.- It;) was' not thus thai tho Christian Emperors of Germany wen wont to viBit thc Holy Land seven centurie ago, when they, lcd thc soldiers of thc Cros against thc Saracens to recover'''tho Hoi j Places in Jerusalem. Frederick I.'(Barba rossa), though-ho gained great -;. glory in th< field, had to retiro beaten; -but his greata grandson, Frederick II,, entered Jerusalem a! tho head of his victorious army. . It is nol thus that-tho Kaiser will enter, Jerusalem ; bat possibly'tho advantages that ho will gain from a peaceful-entry BS thc Sultan's gucsl and ally .will outlast those, obtained by. thc arms of thc" Crusaders*. ? ' ' .-Vj:'',."..' ? Oar Drinking Habits. ..A visitor arrivingi-ln - Broken Hi)l1 and strolling. down 'Argent-street for tho : first time on Monday morning, at about 10 o'clock, would most likely bo struck with the crowd of loiterers in front of tho courthouse," both inside the fence and outside on thc footpath. Having a .little sparc time on hishands,hc might have his curiosity sufficiently excited to idle a few minutes in eliciting thc cause. Following thc crowd, Tic enters thc. dooj ¿E thc courthouse and nervously takes a scat. Tho constable with the stentorian voice .is heard to exclaim, " Take Off that hat !"-and everyone is unnerved for tho moment. Expecting, from tho number of people present, that some murderous assault is about to bc iuquircd into, thc visitor looks about thc C3urt. Before him, scated on forms, is on array of prisoners three deep-and they are there to answer two charges only : drunken- ness and making use oE bad language. The offences are separate sometimes, but more often thc latter charge is tho outcome o£ thc , former. On tho estreme edge of one form is an old woman-prematurely old, for it is dissipation and not thc ravages of time that I has drawn those hard hues in her face and j bent her slight figure to an old woman's I stoop. She' pleads piteously for forgiveness, and promises to shake thc dust of thc town I from her shoes. But the sergeant, who Bits unmoved at thc table, with a copy of her several previous convictions before him, remembers that she has piped thc same tune with a diminishing degree of , success as the number of convictions increased. On the other end of the samo form lits a more refined looking man-amongst tko mot! group of hardened drunkards, unshaven a unkempt, there ia none with a heavier chai preferred against him. Ono by one thi mon stand up as their, names ore called, ai like cattle in a saleyard, are looked over wi thb magistrate's critical": eye, a price is t. upon themj and they sit down' with a hu bewildered look-ai - though they expected be hit hard with something heavy and wc dcrcd how it was they carno to escape. A every Monday morning a similar scene witnessed with a trifling fortnightly access business" which coincides accurately with corresponding recurrence of the phenomen known on tho Barrier as tho "big pay." ll Broken Hill, with all its Bacchanalian reve is no worso in this respect than a dozen otb mining towns in tho "colonies ; and, in adc tlou, thc sweltering summer of the Barri renders it physically impossible, for any m; to sizzle through tho weary months witho developing fairly comprehensive drinkii habits. < t ? , ... . : . * ; A Scotsman's Thirst. '." That the mere fact of indulging in a " w drap" too mach is not in itself evidence real depravity is exemplified by tho ingenuo remark of n Scotchman employed on one tho mines, A few of his fallow-workmen tho carpenter's shop had managed to smugg soma whisky on to tho minc, and at intervn during tho day this was stealthily distribute Amongst the favored ones with the assistant of a tin pannikin/ . .;- As the day ..wore*"« Sandy became so jovial that his 1 dates foart à dénouement, and ono of them kindly remoi struted with him.-. Sandy waved his hi aloft, and with drunken gravity oxclaime " Aye, mon I but.I'd-hic-r-gle -fifty pun' i feel like this wi'out th' whusky 1", .'-.*.' 7 Disgusted Ghosts ! Presumably, the Morgue-tbatdank,clamm tempbra'rynbiding-place of thod.eod-is spool haunted to just the same degree as tho bien country churchyard and : the maay-roomc ancestral hall with its walled-in or neve: opened blue chamber." «Tho writer.-ls le to this conclusion by the' receipt of the follow lng epistle, which purports to be the diatrifc of someone who nt present inhabits'the ¿rein Shadowland. And..what, more likely.? Th Morgue is tho cache of mo3t of the world1 tragedies; and thero may bc for all th sccptio can truthfully affirm something tan gible'in tho psychic theory that tho " shades .of men and women who die violent and mys .ferions <leatlm"are ever eager to acquaint tb living with their lost secret... Thc letter re ferretl to la as follows (how l,' in Broken Hill am concerned with happenings in Melbourn .fn ii "psychic mystery I cannot venture to nn ravel) :- ? .-Will yon picoso uso what lunuenco you pouess t moko known our exceeding strong- objections to thi wanton" proceedings at tho Melbourne Morguo thi othorday. -Poriralta"ot two mortals, tho city corone (Mr. Candler) and the coroner ot Bourke (Mr. Morrl son),'were boin? presented to those gentlemen so tho they might bo hong with other alleged notabilities ii tho ohambcr.... Wa havo 'no objection to their bein; hung ; somo of m herc liare undergone tho same ex pcrleuco ; bnt wo do most emphatically kick at anj ono of our residences.belnjTidesocrated by ton intro .duetion and ilrluklng of such muudano concoctions ni cliampogne... Especially^ivhen we oannot ñsBlst in thc liquor's disappearance. Dr. Neild-lt warms thc cockle of one's heart to bo ablo to crltlotse the. crltie^-fitnrtct! and led tho chorus oí «For He's a Jolly Good Fellow.' Was" there ever anything mora Incongruous ? Suet hilarity was a severe wound to our feeling, and we, thc I ghostly inmates of tho Morgue, hopa tho Uko will not occur again. .. - ' :,' ,'; -' * ~. \- Atter the Bignnture thero is a brief post- script": " If we had been even invited. to thc spree wo might not havo grumbled,-bat we were left quite out in the cold." Tho indi ter of tho epistle and his (or her) comrades certainly seem to have been.' lightly' treated. The gathering'reminds ono of the" Parisian students' midnight orgies in the Catacombs. '. ' - ''.--'..','-?.;" .. One Christmas Ew. v ',: This morguo frivolity recalls td tho writer's memory a conviviality ho participated in one Christmas; Eve. Thero ' was nh .'undertaker who was a"very docent fellow, and, by reason of his having to prepare certain coffins for a couple of Christmas <Day funerals, ho was attable to join in tho about-town celebrations which usually mark tho eve ot what is called .the festivo season. So; about 10 o'clock nt night half a,dozen of us, all merry, armed' with a brace of whisky bottles (full) and sundry battles ; of brandy and beer besieged tho coffin-maker's shop, and thero continued tb wish one another tho various compliments ot the season. À coffin was tho table, other coffins were thc scats. With' ribald song and joke tho hours were spent until all was oblivion. , Tho, awakening was the punish- ment I Ero the undertaker hnd succumbed to 'tho. potency^ of ; ; tho" spirit ho had [deposited: each member of .tho party in'*an unfiùishiçd coffin, and when thc groy dawncrept through tho'windows and eyes were opened n- cold horror "seized, each, which/ lasted ¡until ,the "Beal .was brought' back ' by a ' wild yell of fright from-one of tho jnumbor."' Tho joke was ono to bcnlavcd but once in a lifetime. 1 ' . AIMJENTUM. ' 