TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE STEAK TO A F RYINGPAN. AN: AWFUL SIGHT While in a bath in Pitt-street, Mr Jarvis had tle. riisfortune to slip aid fall on the hot water:pipes,,.and hbelre he could be rescned.he was scalded a Id burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall.. proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a ci n firmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other. forms of pafalysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated itn ihe in the ueigbob.nrhood that Mr Jarves was gettingyround rfa.ain, and that he had a most. marvelousr recovery ftr m this incurable' malady. It <was on account of these rumors. that a, special reporter from Sydiincy Worker was ds' patched to get all inforrnati ,n regardi:gl same, and on~e afteri;oitt h re made his way to bis IGoons 45 Crown-!nluo Ultimr Mr. Thos. Jarvis nas' dicerered nur, ing a-twro year baby, anod his face de clared him one of tie happiest 3ain ii Sydney. .He was up and ab:hut, and able to answer the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a pericd of. pain it was very clear that he wae adi invalid' no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said:- "You want to know all abont my case? Well, -I am glad of an op portunity to tell you. The facts may b: of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering ?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. Ab,,ut five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-Stree', Sydney. Since the accident I have' been in failing health, and . after f.ar years of gradual development of the malady, I-was forced to give my billet at Glebe Island." "What were the symptoms?" i"Simply indescribable. The pains were something terSible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all th. world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone arcund me. I was inoes'antly shivering and could neither eat nor sleep. On 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Insti tntions." " Did you make sre of the order?" "No; I came home and went to bed and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the 'floor, in fact, I. could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all Ire could, be opium and morphia pills, to ease my agony I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was uffering fr om locomotor, or pro gressive locomator ataxy a disease of the spinal chord, characterized by pe culiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements He told me trhat I might last for tea years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not iufall able.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the odvertisement de scriding the cure Iffected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read il the Alustralilan Work muun, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pill for Pale People. I read in the advertise ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though noth;ng was the matter whit me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It wvas incred ible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutchies there? They are perfectly new and I have never used them. They were made frir t.. before I got Dr. Williams Pink Pill,; but I was to weak to use them, anrd now I doet want them." "He is I00 per cent. better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in nod taken the baby on hlier knees- "The Dr. Williamrs Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger thait day than he did a fortnight p3 rmnous. "I can now,' continued Jarvis," have a cold bath; and all the feeling lhas come back into my lege, I ascribe all thie change and benelit to Dr. Williams Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no ptin now vwhatever, and feel like anuew man. On thie mantlepiece there is a box of opiuma and morphia pills which the doctor gave lme to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. every body who knows has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation cut here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chietl newspapers of this country, of thIe aston ishing cures rooughlt by Dr Wiliams Pink Pills for Pale People. ThJy cure locomotor ataxy, partial pLr lysis, and spinal disease, also thie many other disorders which arise from an impover ished state of blood, such as a.msia, panl and sallorw co?ml?lejon, general mn r:ular weaknress, iudigestion, loss of appetite shorttess of breath' pains in the back, nervous heaeache etc. Mr.J. S.T. M'Goweu' of the Lab,, Party in the N.S.W.Legislative Asst na Lly, was seen by our reporter in con. nectiou with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarves. Mr. M,Gowen sa y he has knosn Jarves Itor infatcy He also knew that he had to give u;, his work at Glebe Island abatlors twe!lv months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that he was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recoveryv. He understod .Jarves was refused admiss ion to the Sydney Host ital, as his case had been loonnounced incurable. DMr. M:'Gowent way, therefore, like everyone else who khew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarves. These wonderful are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the I)r. Williams, Medicine Co., Flinders-atr aet Melbourne, ,tho wil forward, poet paid on receipt of stamps or post order, one box f.r 2s.9.l', or half a doze, for 15 3,1. See that ite genuine Dr W\iltams' are gotter. 