" I waa walking along thc shore ton doting. - It was pitch dark. The tide oat. I could eec the west sands gleamin the darkness. Far ont nt sea were the li of two fishing-boats. And that .was all. the landward side there was not a glim The place was a bowling wilderness. It jost as though I was alone in space. A north-west breeze was blowing. I could the moan of the receding waves. The s< seemed to come from miles away. It cold." ' : The speaker paused. He Beemed t< describing-, when he continued, a scene w was actually at that moment taking place fore his eyes. - " I suppose that my thought", like scene, were sombre. Perhaps a touch of eeriness of ray surroundings bad got into -veins. It may have done. I believe it for as I walked along I began to bo hau by a curious fancy-the fancy that I was alone. It was absurd. There was ni sound. There was no one elso in sight, there it was-the feeling that someoue else close at hand. I told myself it was absurc even stopped, and as I peered about me ii gloom I called myself hard names. But w I again went on with me there went the fa too. And-" Again the speaker paused. We were ir public room of the hotel. At that hour, ' tiie exception of bim and me, the great r waa deserted. We were seated at a 1 table, which was before a window, twilight was gathering. The gas was not lighted. The room was in shadow. As leaned forward and laid his hand light); my wrist I was conscious of a feeling wi positively amounted to a shudder. As himself had said, the thing was absurd ; there it was. "And I had not gone 50 yards wh< beard a footstep at my side." The statement contained nothing wi could in itself be called in any way remi able, bot, to ase a commonplace, as he utti it I ft lt my blood run cold. " Just one footstep-the sound of a : falling softly on the pebbly ground, It close to my side, on my right. I turned looked. There was no one there. I told i self I wa« deluded. That my imaginât riternnturally alert, was playing me a tr: went on. I bod not gone a dozen I when the footstep came again. I said to i .elf 'You aro a fool, my friend. Your bi ii over-excited. Yon are just in that st ot mind in which fancy plays one tricks.' " But as I walked the footsteps came agi Thia time there were two of them-the soi -of two feet falling rhythmically, justfor all world as though soiilepne were walking at aide and keeping pace with mc. I walked seeming to pay no heed. I asked myself hy any chance, the thing could be an ec Ai I was endeavoring to turn the matter o in my mind, someone touched mo on myrl; «rm. ' " I started-I don't mind owning to yo .tarted. With an exclamation I turned rou There was no one there." Tho speaker withdrew his hand from wrist. He raked it to his brow. "I confess that when I perceived t! there was no one there Twas amazed. 1 touch had been so real. And yet, after : perhaps my imagination was to blame, went on. I walked perhaps another, do: yards. Then it came again-the touch. . though I was half-expecting it,-1 whee vonna in a sort of rage, and saw a fi staring at me in the darkness. " My friend-although you are' a strang sir, to me, I trust you will forgive me if 11 any friend-I am free to own that I felt though my heart had ceased to beat. 1 face was quit« distinct, although I could i make up my mind if it was the face of a m V or a devil. As I looked nt it it vanished." . - The stranger drew a Iongx breath, paused again. For my own part, I seo reason to conceal the fact that I was glad did. He bsd such a horrible way of telli what I saw bade fair to be a "horrible tal that I should have been glad if be had paus for good. Although, for Borne cause, I f Incapable of putting this desire of mine ir words, it was not lessened by a susplci which was dawning on me that the Btrnnj waa scarcely in his sober senses. He seem to read my thoughts. "You think that I waa mad. Or, at lea that I was in one of those conditions ot mi end of body in which hallucinations crot upon the mind. For tho moment I tboug so, too. I walked on at an increased pai determined to throw off the curious sense depression which seemed to weigh me dow The place was solitary. The air was fresl toe breeze was keen. It would bo easy relieve the (ever which I supposed was in n brain ; but my expectation was not realise The steps went with me, the touch was on n arm, thc face came back again. It was ii possible this time to doubt that it wns a fae for I saw now that it was attached to a bod ?nd that the body was that of a man. He w. .' quite close to me, within 12in" and ho be my arm firmly in his grip. There was i mistake about that grip, for there arc tl finger marks still upon my skin. But whe: he had come from, out of thc darkness, wi .more than I could understand. " We looked at each other, as I judge, fi ,- some seconds, then I found my voice, . '. ' Who are you !' "He laughed. My friend"-agnin tl; stranger, leaning across the little table, lal his hand upon my wrist. I wished li wouldn't-" it is so easy to speak of certai things, it is so hard to bring them home to listener's mind. That man's laughter froz the marrow in my bones. AB ho laughed h vanished into spnee. I could hear his lnughte even after he himsalf had gone ; and thong! I could see nothing there, and no ono. I etil felt his touch upon my arm, and could hen him laughing at my side. " Ic was some seconds before I realised th fact that he had disappeared ; it whs hard t realise it while I yet was conscious of tba iron grip. But at last I toro myself awaj and, performing a rightabout face, 1 return© towards the Worthing lights." Tbe stranger indulged in another of hi ominous pauses, 'faking out his handkerchic he wiped his lingers and tho patins of hi hands. My situation reminded mc of th wedding guest "fixed" by the ancien mariner. I hoped that his tale was nearl; done. There was an uncanniness in his ton' wbich I was unable to describe. . " But as 1 went the steps went with me . The touch continually returned upon my arm 1 quickened. The steps were quiokened, too I «lowed. The steps were slowed. I broki into a run. The steps ran with mc. The; were sometimes in front and sometime! behind ; sometimes on my left, and sometime! on my right ; sometimes, as I live nnd breathe above me in the air. And the laughter came \- and went. And the man, my friend, the mai] esme and vanished-vanished and came. Thc man I The man 1" Placing his elbows on the table, the stränget hid his face within his hands.' Even in thc twilight I couVl eec him shudder. Had I followed my natural impulse I should have risen to my feet and sneaked from the room, But I felt that be might catch me in the act. While I hesitated, feeling that I could have said a good deal-only I couldn't-thu stranger removed his hands. His face looked ghastly white. " That was t hree nights ago. Time enough, you say, to have forgotten my illusions. My friend"-I wished most heartily that be would "not persist in calling me his friend " that man, his laugh, and his steps have been with me at intervals ever since. Intbcdatk ness and in thc light, lu public and in private, in the street, and in my room. I am listening and. watching all the time. My friend, do you not bear his laughter ? Listen I Thaïe sre his footsteps on the stairs I" Again the stranger, leaning over thc table, caught mc by the wrist. I may mention, in order that yon may thoroughly understand how entire had been the absenceof enjoymentwith which I had listened to the stranger's little pleasing anecdote, thst I have a constitutional objection to stories of the supernatural. As a child, merely to come across the words "ghost story" was to fill me with a sense of sickening repulsion. There was a time in my life when if a person hail insisted on pouring into my unwilling cars a \- tale of "BpookB," that person would have enjoyed the idiomatic plensure of seeing me "driven into fits." Even now on such sub- jects I am of an extremely nervous tempera- ment, and by the time thestrangerhad gocen far I «-as not sure, of my own knowledge, if I was standing on my head or heels. When he grasped my wrist I felt ns I may Eaiely say I never felt before. I was speechless. , - " Listen ? Those arc his footsteps coming np the stairs, One, two ! Ooo, two 1 . Can you not Hear them coming, »tcp by step î'î I distinctly contd hear something, and the feeling wivh which I hear J ic ure altogether indescribable,', suddenly the stranger's manner changed. He loosed my wrist. He rose to his feet. Almost unconsciously I rose with him. - - : :. " Listen 1 He is gone 1 Ha ! Someone else is coming. But it ia not he " It was not "he," unlcss "he"- was the waiter. _ That functionary had come to light the gas.' He seemed startled when be saw us standing there-and well be mighthave been. To See two men t-tandiup: facing each other acioss a narrow table, .with faces as white ns theets, trembling like loaves-I know that t could feel my. knees going pit-a-pat oue against the other-was a sight calculated to cause a surprise even in a waiter's breast. ,But be held bis peace. He lit the gas. He drew the blinds. ' He went away. When he bari gone the stranger, turning, .flied his glauce again on me. As he did so I was conscious that his glance had on me a very curious effect. I felt that I could not escape if. It held me with a species of .fascination. As t had never Been the man in my life b:fore, ho was in the most literal sense of the word a stranger. I had been sitting in solitary state, in the half-light of the autumnal afternoon, looking out upon the sea. Hu had come in »nd found roe there. Coming to thc table at which I Bat, he bad I entered intoconversation-conversation which I had drifted into the exhilarating little story of his stroll towards Gorio.fr. . In the im- perfect light I had not been able to make out what manner of man he was. Now I saw though, I own, still dimly- that be was tall- on usually tall, with striking, clean-shaven face, and a remarkable pair of eyes. His manner, too, was singularly impressive-I protest thnt I found it soi nt any rate, liaising bis arm, he pointed at mo with the index finger of hiB right hand. " You see, it is light, but I still watch and listen. I know that he will come. Did I not say so? Hark I Do you not hoar the steps coming up the stairs? It is the mani" ' As before, I heard tho sound of footsteps coming up the stairs. ' Supremely silly though it was-and, worst of all, I knew that it was Billy- the sound made me feel sick. "See? Tho door is opening." I turned. The door was opening, ap- parently of its own accord ; for ic stood wide open, and there was no one there. I stood staring like a fool for some seconds, I imagine, when the strangor, leaning.forward, almost whispered in my car, . "It ia tho mani" It was a luau, for at that Iiwtnut a mart came in. He was a great, ungainly- looking . fellow. He appeared to ma to bo deformed. He bad tho ugliest head and faco 1 ever saw upon a pair of shoulders.. He slouched tarbor than walked. Ho wore no cap, and ' his'hnir. was in the wildest dienrray. His dress-he wore a sort of nondescript fisher- man's costumer-was anything but suited to the place in which he WQB. HO stood just within the door, staring at> me with hnlf tullen, half-ferocious eyes. With an effort which surprised myself I drew myself to- gether, i . " Don't talk nonsense," I cried. " There is nothing stnvoge "about the man. He is only a fisherman. He has doubtless business with someone here in the hotel." The stranger only said, " He comes this way." Ho did, moving towards ns across tba room with an awkward method of progres- sion, which curiously recalled thc movements of n crab,. He advanced to within three feet of where we were. Had I chosen I might have reached ont and touched bim with my hand. ' " He is gone 1'V " ' It seems absurd to write it, but ho was, and from before our eyes. " The door was closed !" . It had, with a sudden bang. Where the man had gone to or who bad closed the door were problems which at tho moment I did uot attempt to solve. The stranger drew himself up straight. There was a ring .ol triumph in his tone. " Was it a delusion ? Am I mad !" A minute before I should havo been pre- pared to say ho was. Then I was more than half-inclined to think that we, both of us, were mad together. As I was trying to collect my scattered senses-they were very scattered senses, too-the Btraugcr whirled round with a vigor and suddenness which were anything but soothing. " He has you by the arm 1" As ho spoke, a grip fastened on my arm which compressed the limb as if it were being held within an iron vice. I turned, half in terror, half in pain. Tho man was standing 1 on my. left, grasping me with his hideous paw, though how he had got there, unless hu came through the solid wall, : is more than I can say. . I Btruck Out nt bim inn spasm of sudden rage; bat before tho blow could reach him be was gone. ? ?. You heard his laughter?" ; Did I ? Didn't I ? It was ringing" in ray' cars, although the man himself had fled-an unearthly - peal, such as we might fancy coming from a fiend in hell. "liing tho bell," I gasped. "For God's sake ling the bell I" " : " What good can that do?' That wilt not keep him from us. He comes to mo when I nra in tho crowded street. Ssh I He ia here?" ? ... '-'?? . ? Ho was; this time upon my right. He stood nt a distance of some five Or six feet, eyeing mo with a savage leer. I gazed at him transfixed. Ho seemed . to toko a malignant pleasure, in my . evident distress.: After a' momentary pause ho'put bis band Into his blouse and drew from it a knife. It was a long, thin knife, such as butchers use. Ko looked alterant ely at tho knife and nt me. Then, holding It up in his..left-hand; ho begnu to. smooth it on the palm of his right. ; " I wonder," whispered tho strnngor, "if it ÍB for your throat or mine ?" I really didn't know-I won't eay I didn't: care, hut I certainly had no disposition to inquire. Tho man continued to draw the knife backwards and, forwards on the palm ot bia hand, fixing on mc ail tho time a glance of peculiar malignancy. ,'" Put up that knife?" I said, " Knife 1" ho answered in a sort of echo. " Do you hear? Put awoy that knife 1". - " Knife !" he echoed. ? ' : I nd vnnced towards him with a degree of decidion which filled me with amazement. ; ; "You think you can frighten us. ; You piny.' your tricks'-very welU but take my advice and don't go too far. Put -.up that knife or. give it io tool"'-' v ' ' . His OD ly answer was to raise thc weapon threateningly ill the air. ' "Take caro," cried : the stranger, "he will stab you." Í . .'.'?. . '. " We shall Bee." I .Bprung at him ; we grappled. He struggled fiercely in my arms; then he collapsed ns if he were a bladder-there was nothing there. But at my feet his knife was . lying ou the ground.', ' '','V.",.\ .., . - "He has left his knife," Bald the stranger. 'I saw that plainly j it was tho only thing there was to see. "Pick it up." , " ^1 picked it up. I examined it as I held it in my hand. The thing was real enough,; but where had its owntr gone ? : I carried it to tho table;I laid lt down. I look out my hand- kerchief and wiped my, brow. I was conscious that the stranger's eyes were on me all tho time. I was con'clous, too,'that my brain was in a whirl. 1 felt as if all things were happening in a "dream ; that they were but fictions, that I was in a nightmare, from which, if I could but make an effort, I should awake. It'seemed to me that some function of-the brain, had ceased to do its work, that something had snapped. -Was I mad ? I have read somewhere that tho state of madness was rendered worse by the fact that, madmen were themselves aware, though perhaps but vaguely, of their condition. Was ft possible that I, without a moment's warn- ing, had crossed the border line which divides the sane mon from the mod?. Were we, then, a pair of lunatics I The knife was real enough, there was no question about that. I eyed it Isetnly as it lBy upon the table, os ugly looking a weapon as one would care to Bee. I pnt out my band to take it up. I already had it by the bouille, when it was snatched away. Again that ap- palling laughter rang in my ears. Looking" up, there was the owner back again. . '.«-. When I perceived that this was the cate I endeavored, BO to'speak,'to Bteady my mtnd Was thc thing an opticaldelusion t ? Was I the . victim ot hallucination? Bach aa explana- tion seemed opposed, ta common tense, yet I had sense enough to know that the facts, as they appeared, were more in opposition still. I turned to the stranger. '. Are you Sure that there is someone there !" He shrugged bis shoulders. ' " Are not you V ' V ' frankly, I am not. But I should like to 'be." . "Snppose you go. and take bim by the hand ?" "1 will." The man hail resumed his pr<vinm occupa- tion of drawing the flat. site nf : the knife backwards and forwards upon his open palm I advanced toward« him wita-outstretched band. ; . . '. Will you not shake bands I" Ho, immediately grosprd my hand in his, and, advancing his knife, drew the sharp edge across the . back of my knuckles. A» he did,so be. laughed. . I Buatshed my hand away. He hail cut the skin so that the blood flowed freely, - It was un act of wanton savagery, "Youcnr!" \- I applied ray handkerchief to staunch thc flow of blood. Immediately the whitti linen showed a vivid »tain; AB I was reflecting on this nnpleasunt proof ot thc man'seorporniry -and of the corporally of tho knife-the door opened, and my wita came tu. ' My .first impulse, when I saw lier enter was to ges her out again. The idea of her remaining even for a Second, in the same room with such a ruffian was unendurable I hurried to her. " Ada, rome away 1" I was about to take ber by the hand and lead Her from the room. But she. drawing back a little, looked at me with apparent sur- prise. " Why ? What do you want ? Tho dinner bell will ring in a minute." . Never mind the dinner bell. ' We will wait for that below. I do not wish you to remain with that man." " Man ls. What man ? Do you mean the gentleman who is standing at the table ?" Turning, I saw that shs was,looking at thc stranger. But between him and m was thc fellow with tho knife. Ho was btill smooth- ing tho blade upon his palm, and stiU'glnring at me with his malignant Uer. I dropped my voice. " Not that oue ; tho other." . The other ? What do you mean?" Stretching out my hand I removed my handkerchief so that she could sec the wound,' from which tho blood still trickled. . " Look what lie has done with that knife of his. Thc fellow is unsafe. Como with me I mean to ecud for thc police. ' I could not tell If it was my words or the sight of my wounds or the sight of the man which causal her to shrink away from mo. A startled look was on her face. " Bnymond, what pro you talking about ? There is no ono here except thia gentleman and you." Tho stranger interposed. '. There has been someone here. But he has gone. ' Now we aro alone." I looked. ' It was as ho said-the man had gone. But, as before, where or how was more than I could say.- I knew enough of hi3 peculiarities to be aware that the fact of his having gone was no guarantee that he would not immediately return. 