round the town. GENERAL GEE-t5EE GOSSIP. By "GALOFIN." Gauged through the residue ot v R C Blue Riband candidates after first , "rf ' its the field for this year's Derby is to be the biggest since little Su- Smw got home nearly twenty years ... Ftocn'F nrrvv- ijack Bouaaii ed the bogey we all anticipated, as, up to date he has frightened away nothing which possessed the ghost of a preten sion to classic honors. « Four Carbines, two Trentons, two Ruselevs, and a couple of Gozos still re main in the Derby, and the balance of the field will be culled from sons of Ab- ercorn Robinson Crusoe, Zalinski, Bill of Portland and Pilgrim's Progress. Pie rre the only filly likely to start, can hardly be expected (in this com pany) to follow in the footsteps of Bri- sels, the only young lady who has con trived to capture a Victoria Derby dur ing the past two and twenty years. » » The remarkable record of the Ameri can jockey, "Tod" Sloane, fairly out-Ar chers Archer, the feat, in fact, as far as my recollection extends is absolutely un paralleled for a season's record. We have occasionally witnessed meteoric flashes, but never prolonged at this average right through a season. Hales, on Cran- brook's Newmarket Handicap day, rode four winners, and on several occasions hush jockeys have steered all the win ners on the race card, but Sioane's sea son's record— 16 wins out of a possible 27 —is unprecedented. Comparisons are proverbially invidi ous, but for analogy's sake I may men- lion that "Bobby" Lewis— perhaps the best of Victorian lightweights— heads our jockeys' list with 7 wins out of 36 mounts, with 9 seconds and thirds; young Hearn, with 7 wins, and four sec onds and thirds, in a possible 33, is almost as good, but both of these boys' perfor mances pale into insignificance wheij placed alongside Sioane's achievement. » <k Apropos of "croucher" Sloane, this is the horseman who is said to have been offered a retainer of L5000 by a Johan nesburg gentleman to ride for one season In South Africa. This munificent offer has set all the mouths of Victorian jockeys a-watering, and one of our pro minent horsemen, who is now pretty high up in the stirrups, ruminated aloud in this fashion when he read the par: "Well, if a Victorian jockey rode the winners of five Derbies and five Mel bourne Cups straight off the reel, in as many years, with a hit of luck thrown in, in other directions, say a stray Caul- field Cup or Newmarket Handicap, he might run into L5000. Why, how many jockeys are there here who are worth half L5000? Are there three? I doubt it. And some of us have been riding for the better portion of a score of years. Vet, the powers that be find fault with us if we back a horse ourselves, or even put in a punter to back one for us!" « Hymettus was, for some occult rea son, all the rage for the Caulfield Cup in !he paddock at Flemiijgton, last Satur day. There was a rare rush to back Eiridspord's son, and his owner waxed exceeding wroth when he explained that none of the money invested was either on his account, or that of the stable. Pro viding Hymettus can stay, he is certainly one of the picks of the handicap, with <st 61b opposite his name. In the Toorak Handicap he is allotted 241bs. more, winch would appear to indicate that Mr George Vowles has doubts regarding his stamina. Backers will, perhaps, pardon me for reminding them that we once saw Hymettus finish a long way in front of Hey, Aurum, The Hypnotist, and a big held of first-class two-year-olds. This, by the way, was on Caulfield Cup Day, Just two years back, and, perhaps, we may proflt by bearing. thig in m,nd nes(. nfiof a>' Week' Anyhow- Hymettus is iready entrusted with a very large amount of somebody's money. » « Barring the Carbine colt, Holster, who onLy<?i rt0 b£-at Bobad»- and Cordite, who fic-ub ted the crack- Jt would be dif- un" m? wmanything likely to "shake Guinea " o Wilson's colt in the of hv n atur<aV- Gauleon is spoken snecL w ®ydney-siders as being very BOBAnTT at present " l0ks as if fOBADIL would win. DerbU f th® favorites for the enem L m Past years has hardly been when to backers' Particularly backu p8 ave been laid on- Looking lanJlf', Aurum (2 to 1 on), Dream- Bars-n Aagst)> Carbine, Abercorn, featffl anl Archie have each been de- apnarpTiM and some of these were as BoWmaS, great "PaPer certainties" ovS S , t0 be t0"day' and, more- inspires tb,at reflection which 4 aW bookmakers to. accept 7 to P SSHaS??0 Cf.rtaJnly appears t0 Drnnr to one on ' chance of ap- __ P- latmg the coming Blue Riband. 