IE FIT If JEALOUSY. ?: CHAPTER VI .—(Continued.-) ' Fearing further questions Miss Abliy moved ?toward tho door. She had no desire to uu t -sarfch the old mystery which lay like a shadow over- the house. . ' Gome into the picture gallery,' she said hastily. You'd better take one of the candles along, as. I seldom have the place lighted.' They crossod the hall, turned an angle, and after passing between heavy, red curtains entered -a long gallery, whose tall, uncurtained ?windows-shone with an eerie, gray ness at the farthest end. The place whs gloomy, ^ls Marcia .held the candle aloft and saw the rows of canvases looking down at her from the high 'walls she felt peculiarly disconcerted, as if .she were being stared out of countenancc. If these haughty dames a/id gentlemen should cry out that she was not one of them, that she had no right there! I heir glances seemed cold, and she felt as if ghosts were whispering around her. After a few moments Miss Abbv halted . beforo a canvas near -the empty fireplace. ' This is your father, my child,' she said in a soft voice, pointing to it. Mareia looked intently at the pictured face, so handsome, passionate, the brows, almost meeting in a jealous line. It wis only fancy, but his dark gray eyes seemed looking, at her in condemnation. ' Mr. Bvartson seCmed to know nothing positively of his fate,' said Mareia,.. gazing at him regretfully, a little sigh trickling from lier lips. 'Perhaps — perhaps — he is still living somewhere ?' 'No,' said Miss Abby abruptly, a spasm of para crossing her face; ' I know that lie is dead. Mr. i'ivart.son did not tell you. 'My i child, your father died in a. foreign land tell ing me to search for you in New York.' Mareia felt her heart exult. If Hi chard Farneleigh were dead beyond a doubt then ? it ?was one chance in a million that her* deceit ?wa8 ever discovered. Her mother would J. be glad to hear of .this. As they turned to leave tho.gallery. her eyes fell upon a canvas directly opposite Richard I'arnelcii'h s nortrait. The luisje. gold frame licld only torn remnants of llie original por trait, ^or the face mid shoulders had been slashed out of it as if by a vandal. ; Sho saw it had once been a picture of a' woman, for the pale blue 'gown was still visible. ? ' That's a curious rent — the face quite * gone,' said Mareia, pausing beside it; 'Aunt ? Abby, whose picture was that? Was there some romantic story connccieu wiui iur ? ? ' That was your mother's picture,' ijho, said1 ? almost abruptly. ' It was destroyed years ' ago, by accident. ,Como now, it is time 'to \- -get ready for dinner.' 'It was evident that the girl did .hot fully believe her words. She remained :,with eyes resting inquiringly 011 her face, butyMiss Abby, leaning lieavily on her cane, hurried from the room and said 110 in ore.' The visit had. disturbed her. It was almost a, year since she had entered tho picture gallery, llie place always seemed filled with ghosls'born of Dick's pale, passionate, face, and the torn canvas opposite him, unite evidences of a past, ?when ' Farneleigh' hud been a scono of love, jealousy, aud hatred. Ah, how could sheliave tolJ Dick's daughter that it was her father's Land which, in a moment ot jealous fury,. had slashed her mother's facp from the canvas, leaving tlie red wall staring all these years ? through the jagged opening ? No, slie could not, she could not , When Mareia, an hour .later, /was , in her ?room experiencing the novel deliglit of having v-a maid help array herself :iu a soft, white cidpe gown, Miss Abbv received a: visitor in tho library. '? It was Ivan Trent, looking remarkably, Iiandsorneand distinguished .in llie black and' white of 'evening clothes. , As he kissed Miss Abby's .baud 'with a respect which pleased the old lady beyond words,, lie noticed that she was more elegantly gowned than usual. Surely the black sillc had . ji richer shimmer, aud surely the necklace of pearls seen through the cobwebby .lace drawn high around Iht throat wjis too samptuons (for anvthijjg but importannweensiou.s. liesides .Uieso unusual signs there were flowers in Miss ,Abby's girdle, and slio held ji rose in lier liand. 'Ah, you finished nil ilie husiucss in Balti more and got-back iu good timo,' she said gladly. ? . 'Oh, easily ,'«nd Ivan seated himself opposite lier, bending forward aud looking at her 'with smiling interest. ' I received your note, and Jiko tho small boy at his first party, I am all oil the qui vivo for my ' surprise.' What is it ?' ' Can you guoss.?' 'I have come into a fortune ?'?' 'Mercenary man — no.' 'You are going around tho world, and are going to take some young peoplo witli you as a. reward of merit, and .1 am to -be one,' he said with a la-ugh. 'No — no. I have a guest at dinuor besides you. Now, can you gnesB.the surprise ?' aud Jlias Abby tapped her caaie impatiently. 'Another guest? You Hniivon't tompted lianooo'.oat of his seclusion after all theso joars ?' ' No, my guest is a lady, young', very hand some. I spoke to yon of her recently — some- one I wanted to see very much — someone I . 'was going to search for. Now do you .know ?' But beforo c.ho had finished Ivan hail .sprung to his feet. 'You havo found your brother's daughter !' lie aaid, while before his mind flashed the memory of tho girl's face ho had never fo.r .rgoltbn-^— tho faoo bo Jiko the miniature. ' Yrs,' said Miss Abby, ' I didn't tell yon. before. No one outside of the house knows it yet. She came to-day.' 'I wonder If she'll remember me?' thought Ivan, and a feeling of expectancy took possession of him in a soft delightful way. ' She's coming,' said Miss Abby. [ Ivan was near the door when he heard the [ light footfalls on the oaken stairs. Unseen from where ho stood, he looked np as a hand ? came sliding . along the banisters. Another turn of the stairs and the face was revealed. He stood looking at Mareia as she came clown, like one awakened from a pleasant dream. - CHAPTER VII. FRIENDS. Even after Mareia had entered the room, looking very beautiful in her white, silken draperies, after Miss Abbey had introduced him and he had really heard the name of which ho had thought so much lately — ' Miss Madge Farneleigh' — -Ivan could not shake off the the unreality, the disappoint ment of that meeting. Mareia did not dream what thoughts were in his mind as ho watched her, chatting of Miss Abby's happiness in finding her, of the beauty of ' Farneleigh' and later of all the new books and plays as well as the important happenings in tlie great world — she did not dream that one question was heating iu his brain : ' This is Madge Farneleigh ? Then vvho is the'other whoso face I cannot forget ?' During dinner he made a study of Mareia, and arrived at one conclusion. She was beautiful in a hard, bright style, but she did not inspire him with trust. Her, smile was too ready, her manner affected, she seemed too eager to please. But he masked his feeling well, and purposely drew her out. He saw that she tried to dazzle him with her wit, that she thought herself clever, and fancied herself very likely the most beautiful creature in the world. ' I — I don't trust her,' he thought as he went into' the drawing-room afterward and saw her sitting under the light of the pink lamp in a studied attitude meant to be enchanting, her eyes fastened on him. Mareia lootred around, and saw that Miss Abby had gone on to the library. ' The old cat — I'm afraid to say a thing in ; front of her,' she thought. 'Now's my chance with this stunning fellow. I wonder if he's rich ? I wonder if he's the prince the fairies have arranged for me?' She drew aside her draperies, and pushed out a footstool with the tip of her pointed slipper. „ ' Come and sit at my feet,' she said, waving her fan, 'I don't feel half acquainted. Come and ' sit at the feet of Wisdom,' ' she said with a hard, little laugh. 'At the feet of beauty, rather,' said Ivan, feeling an intense dislike for her seize him. Nevertheless, he was anxious to know her better, to discover all he could about her, and hiding his feelings ho obeyed.. I 'Now what are you going to teach mo ?' he asked demurely. Mareia was delighted with her situation. Oh, if her mother and Madge could but see lier now in this beautiful room, in this exqui site gown with this aristocratic fellow look- i ing up at her just as if he were her slave and she his queen — how delightful it. would be ! Satisfied vanity made her cold eyes sparkle, and she turned her head slowly as she laughed to show off tho graceful line of her bared throat. ' Oh, I'm not going to teach you anything. How- could I? I'm only a girl of eighteen, and I've seen nothing of tho world. Butyou rcan answer my questions, aud help me to .'learn a great deal.' . 'Very well,' said Ivan, calmly! ' com mence.' 'Are we to be 'neigh ours?' she asked, leaning toward him, a coquettish light in lier eyes. 'I think so. 'Maryfield' is not very far ?awav.' ! ' ' Maryfield is your4 home ?' 'Yes.' ? - ' ? ' What do yon do with your life ? Tell me something about: yourself. 'You see how interested I am, Mr. Trent. I feel sure we are going to bp awfully good friends.' 'Oh, thahk you, I'm sure. It's very good of you to be interested in me, Miss Farne leigh. But, really, there's very little to tell. I'm the only son of my father aud lie is a | widower — to parapliaso an old saying. I live at ' Maryfield,' manage the estate and that keeps me pretty bnsy. That's all.' ' Are you fond of society ?' asked Mareia. ' Reasonably so.' 'Are there many pretty girls around here ?' 'Oh, a great many,' he said, pulliug at his moustache, and watching her with an inward amusement. Mareia looked down, furled and unfurled !hor fan. 'Any,' sho asked, with a flashing glance, ' that you are particularly interested in ?' ' No. :I am quite heart-whole, Miss Farne leigh.' She laughed and shook her finger at him. ' I hope you're not a woman hater.' ' Only — sometimes,' he said, with a great deal of truth, for Miss Madge Farneleigh was becoming a great bore. ' I hope I'll help you to get over that,' she said saucily. ' What aro you going to do to amuse me ?' ' What can ;I do ?' lie aslced with com posure. ' I am at your servico and at Miss Abby's,1' ' Oh, couldn't you give a dance at ' Mary field?' ' ' Not very well. I'm sorry, but my father objects toa lotof fuss. He's not very strong.' ' But he needn't appear,' said Mareia with a suggestion of a pout. ' Ah, but I -wouldn't bo happy if lie didn't. You see. I'm very fond of my father,' said Ivan clearly. ^ . ?' But you'll give balls, won't you, when vou .are master there ?' she said, lifting her brows. ' You will bo master some day, won't you ?' Ivaii .stood up .wishing Miss Abby would appear. ' I novo,'-' like to think of that time,' he said, and even tho audacious Mareia folt her self reprovecl. As he bade Miss Abby good- night ho saw the old lady's .dark eyes fastened on his faco. They wero alone, Mareia having made an cxcuso to go into tlio hall to havo a moro effective farewell \yith Ivan than sho could liavo iu Miss Abby'fV presence. ' Well said Miss A bbyj softly, 'I needn't ask you how you like .'my new charge. I can read you, Ivan.' 'What do you mean?' he asked with a look of some embarrassment. ' You don't like her.' He was silent, then added as he held out his hand : ' It's rather so on — I wouldn't presume — ' ' Nonsense — don't talk that way to me. Wc are always frank with each other, my | dear boy. You don't like my new niece, and, to tell you the truth, I don't love her aB I thought 'I would. But I must make the most of her.' I 'She doasn'tlook a bit like her father, does she ?' 'Not a bit.' 'You're sure there's no possible mistake?' ' Oh, not the slightest. The woman who adopted her told a straight story with con vincing proof, and was only too glad to get rid of the girl tome. There's no doubt. She's Dick's daughter.' * _ ! In the hall outside Mareia was apparently looking out at the starlight. She turned with a languid movement as Iran came toward her to say good-night. ' Come to-morrow, if you can,' won't you ?' ' she asked. 'I will if I can,' he said, and departed. That night as she undressed, Mareia questioned her maid with good result. She heard all about Ivan Trent's beautiful home, liis wealth, bis popularity, and her brain teemed with schemes as she laid her head on the pillow. ' It won't be my fault if I don't catohhim,' she thought. During tho week following Mareia was introduced to the society of Malbrook, and revelled in the sensation she created. Ivan called frequently, and did his best to accept the idea that she was Miss Abby s neice — even tried to honestly conquor any shade of prejudice and try to like her for her friend's sake. But one night at ' Farneleigh,' as he stood in the library smoking an after-dinner cigar, be came to a conclusion. ' I fairly deBtest the girl,' he said in a whisper. As the words passed his lips he saw on the Chippendale desk the miniature of Madge Fari.eleigh's mother. He remembered the day Miss Abby had shown it to him, and he. impulsively lifted it. As he looked into the eyes so appealing and soft, he thought again with a new force of the girl whose life he had saved, and who had eluded him in the crowded streets. ' I'll do it,' he said at last. ' It's true that the Farneleigh heiress has been found — but this girl — who is she ?' I'll not rest until I know. I'll, leave for New York to- morrow. ? . CHAPTER VIII. IVAN DISCOVERS A CLUE. One week later. It was raining hard. In a bare school-room, far downtown, Madge was standing at the window She was tired after along, bard'day. Now the children had gone, and Bhe was alone. In the worn gray cashmere gown, with white ruffles at throat and wrists, she looked very pret.ty and simple. Severe fatigue had not been able to steal the youthful radiance from lier eyes. ' Rain and mud everywhere,' she mur mured, watching the drops forming in streams on the panes ; ' and I came away this morning without an umbrella or overshoes I'll wait until it moderates a little a little.' She turned from the window, went to her desk and sat down. With a gesture of real fatigue she laid her clasped arms upon its top and rested her head upon them. . In fancy she saw Mareia spending the days in gaiety, the nights in dancing and romance, and a sigh left, her lips. ^ ? ' Yes, I would like to be in her place, off ?for a visit. I would love to laugh and dance and drive, and flirt a tiny bit, to. Oh, I'd love anything to vary the monotony of this life. Is it ever going to come ? Sometimes — sometimes I almost wish something dire even | would happen to rouse my existence out of ?this torpor. But what's the use of repining ? It does no good, and only makes me more dis conted.' The school-room was very quiet, and the sound from the street only reached Madge faintly in a soothing murmur. Her eyes closed. In a few minutes her deep breathing I and utler abandon showed that she was fast asleep. The autumn day faded, dusk fell upon the city, and still Madge slept, unconscious of everything, her cheek pillowed on her arms. It was night when something roused her, and, affrighted, she sprang to her feet. For a moment she did not know where she was, then suddenly realized that the janitor must have locked the door without looking in, and left her there a prisoner. A clock somewhere struck nine. ' What am I to do ?' she whispered, ' I -can't stay here all night. I feel so fright ened! I must get out !' Sho went to tho door and shook it, but, though she waited, hoping, no one camc to lot lier out. Then she remembered the janitor did not live in the school-house, and hope faded. Every nerve was trembling as she faced the idea of a night spent in the school house alone. ' What will mother say ?' sho thought. ' Though I don't sueposo she'll bother much about me — sho never docs. But, oh, I cannot stay here! I must get out! I'm afraid;' Hope possessed her heart as she ran to tlio window, and, to her joy, found it opened easily. Tho rain beat upon her face, the autumn wind rushed in aud wailed through tho silent room. She looked down, and} see ing the pavement not very far below, deter mined to risk leaping to it. When she had put on her coat and hat, she climbed to the window-sill. But, to her dis may, she now realized that liigh-pointed rail ings wore around the area-way, and she would be obliged to jump across these to' roach the sidewalk. ' I'd forgotten them. I'll not be able to do it,' she murmured. ' I couldn't jump down the area-wav. It's too far. I must go back, and yet — oh, I must get out !' The words were arrested on her lips at sight of a man coming down tho street toyvard her. 'I wondor w.ould ho help mo?' sho thought. I wonde.v if I dare aBk him ?' Tho stranger advanced, and Madge saw that ho was looking curiously at each house as he passed, and that ho had not yet caught sight of her in her predicament. But ho stopped as the I.'ght from the street - lamp fell across her figure crouching on the window-sill, ready for flight, Madgo, too, gazed, and as she clearly saw tho stranger in tho street-lamp's waving %ht; a now interest sprang into hor eyes, Was it fancy, or was she indeed looking at the face of her unknown champion 'of a few weeks before? Ivan, for it was he, felt a quick joy steal over him. At last ! Hero was the girl he had boen seeking for two days, having taken a room in the neighbourhood for the the purpose. The moment he had hoped for was really his. He stepped over to the iron railings. ' Yon are in trouble ?' he said, lifting his | hat. 'Yes,' Madge answered, now hopeful once more. ' I had fallen asleep, after finding myself locked in the school-room. When I awoke I found I couldn't get out. I was go ing to jump, but I'm afraid.' ' Wait a moment. Don't move,' saidlvan. Before Madge realized what he was abont to do, 'he had swung himself upon the palings, his arms stretched out to her. ' Come,' he said, as simply as if he were Bpeaking to a little child. ' Don't ho afraid, now. Trust yourself unreservedly to me, and I promise you you won't get hurt. And, like a child, she did as she was bidden, conscious cf his arms closing about her, as he leaped lightly to the street. ' There it wasn't so bad after all, was it?' he said, hiB low laugh reassuring her. ' Yon are not hurt?' Oh, no ; I'm all right, and tbank yon — a thousand times,' she said, simply. 'Yon will let me see that you get home safely ?' said Ivau, repressing the eagerness he felt. ' It is late, and hardly safe for yon to he out alone.' 'Yon are very kind,' said Mpdge; 'I'm not afraid. I'm often out late like this.' 'But you will let me see you safely shel tered, Won't you ?' he persisted. ' Yon see I feel somehow responsible for you.' Madge's colour brightened. ' Yon — you seem to be specially selected for rescuing femininity in peril,' she said. ' This is the second time yon have earned my gratitude.' She remembered him, even as he did her. Without a word, he turned and walked beside her, carefully sheltering her with his umbrella. ' I live a little way uptown. This car passes the door,' she said, now placing her self in his hands. On their way home, Ivan discovered a few of the details of her life, his strong, kindly nature thawing her young heart. ' At length he asked a question which had been very near his lips all the time. ' Won't you tell me youi name ?' His voice was respectful, grave, and inspired her with confidence. 'My name is- Trent — Ivan Trent, and I hope you won't tbmk it presuming for me to wish to know yours. ' It would have seemed like heresy to doubt his evident truth and kindly intentions. ' My name is Madge Baldwin,' she said. He repressed the satisfaction the words gave him. ' I felt it was ' Madge,' he said to himself, as he looked away. 'I felt it. There is something in the girl's life to be explained — Madge — and so like the minature that she might havo sat for it. Can Miss Abby be mistaken ? Can that other be — an impostor?' A feeling almost of fear at even supposing such a thing to be true took hold of him. He became silent, his mind in confusion. ' What ain I to do ?' I will not rest until I have settled the doubts that have flocked so into ray mind. And yet— how can I go about it ? Will sho think it impertinent if I ask her .permission to call upoii her ? .1 must find out her past life. I must be convinced that such a marvellous likeness is only a coincidence before I am again at rest. Or,' and his brows grew dark and troubled, ' I must know that the girl now at Farneleigh is a cheat — and act accordingly.' His reverie remained so deep that Madge was obliged to touch his arm as the reached the street where they were to alight. ' How can I find out what I am bound to know ?' Must I leave her to-night still ? in doubt? must I lose sight of lior agnin? What excuse can I give that will notseem intrusive?' he thought, desperately, as they stepped from the car. Bnt Fate seemed to have taken affairs into her own hands from him. When they reached the tumble-down little house, Madge said, simply: 'You must let my mother thank you for having helped me.' It seemed the very least she could do, but she inwardly' hoped he would not accept, for sho feared Mrs. Baldwin would not make a very flattering appearance to the artistic stranger. Ivan accepted with alacrity, but his hopes seemed doomed as they waited for an answer to the bell whose jangle cchoed through tho hout'e. * ' What does, it mean?' said - Madge, wondoringly. ? '? Mother . must havo got worried abont me, and lias gone down to the school. Wo havo crossed each'. other. I can think of not! ting else. . . .Well, . there's noth ing for mo to do bufc;wait,here. - Please; don't stay , Mr. Trent ; . she ;will surely be :here .in a few minutes.'. 'I cannot - leave. you imtil you- are safely sheltered,' said , Ivau, and' tho slight' touch of care and authority: in his tone was very grate ful to MadgOj who ;had '.never1 boforo liad any one considor what sort of inconvonioncies she might have to suffer. The storm was '.growing wilder, the wind increasing, -and Madgo ^ ^ realized that her posi tion tlioro on the doorsteps of; the poverty marked plnco ' was a* dismal - one. v ; She ; felt ashamed of hor desolate condition; aiid; despite the fact, that tho.presenco .? ofrvlier^nevp friend inspired hor with confidence and a / degree of comfort, she wished ho would go. : 'Evidently thero was: uothing- ifor her/.to do but wtiit in tho rainuntil'Mrs. Baldwin's return. 4.S they stood under the circle of,tlio rain pouring from tho pointed edges, they both realized a feeling of nearness born of the un usual occurrences which weeks of ordinary ac quaintance would not have fostered. Years afterward one of the keenest memories with Ivan tvas Madge's lrtvely, .appealing face, showing clear-cut in the shadow, the rain swelling in upon hor dark hair. and lashing it against her cheek. Hor helpbssness and youth wore potent factors in drawing him nearer to her, far more potent even than -her undeniable beauty. (To le continued.) Mre. BrfsmweH Booth telle an amusing story of General Booth's recent tour of the United States. The Solvation Army lias free entrance to prisons, and even forum corps among the inmates. The Ser(;eaiit-Mr.jor of the Sau Quentin corpp, who ia a life prijouer (10,307), drew np an illuminated address foi presentation to General Booth. The first ueutcnce run ihiis: — 'Ah 'Providence' does not ppriult an to be personally with you in your cainp.'.i nevertheless we shall bo with you in the spirit and in prayar.' 