IMlscclluituuus. Murk Twain, it seems, is writing acoruody, : to which he gives the stiange,. title, 'Is He) Dead t'1 Writing of it to a friend, he says : j 11 1 tlo:i't menu that I huve done such a power j of work in writing the comedy, but in trying to cut it down so that it will play inside of a week. I nui still at that, chopping on at one end and adding on at the other. I Imvo got it now where one end is short enough, but I am in more trouble than ever about the other.' Since ihfl present German oflienr ascended the throne) there have been 49(15 spntences iiuposed for the crime — nsthe German courts consider it — of Icse-irinjeRte. TJiie means that 4965 persons in Germany have spoken disrespectfully of the Emperor and his Government, or agaiubt them in some way. Seven children under 15 yeirs of ago have been punished for this crime. Many curious stories ure told in the House of Commons about Mr. Goschen. He is said to write the worst hand in that Assem bly. One day, to the great delight of his younger colleagues, he was heard to mutter, after picking up one of his own memoranda, ' a man who writes like this has no business to be in the Public Service I' According to the Illustrated London ATetcs, the lessees of the flayinarket Theatre have paid for many months running the sum of L3C0 a week to writers of plays. Mr. W. S. Gilbert has publicly stated that his profits out of (he first six Gilbert and Sullivan operas amounted to £90,000. The following return with regard to the progress of dairying will, no doubt, be read with considerable interest by all those who take notice of the industry :— In 1891 there were 845,575 cows iu Victorin, New South Wales and New Zealand, while in Canada there were 1,857,112. The Australian out put in butter then was 23,000 tons, and the Canadian 51,700 tons; while as regards cheesn, Australia produced C700 tons, and Canada, 51,000 tons. Four years later the figures have bounded up. There were 1,100,000 cows in Australia, and 1,950,000 cows in Canada. Australia made 36,000 tons of butter, and 11,500 tons of cheese, and Canada made 52,000 tons of butter, and 68.000 tons of cheese. In 1896 the United Kingdom imported 51,897 tons of butter, valued at the hinily sum of L15,344,O00 ; and 112.227 tons of cheese valued at L4.900.000; or altogether, about' 264,124 tons of dairy produce valued at L20,244,O00. Of this stupendous sum the colonies got L4, 130,000, and the foreigner sent 1S4.2S4 tons, and got LI 6, 11 4,000. A Philadelphia physician is getting himself disliked by a recent statement which he made to the effect thnt one out of every tin ee women in ilia C.iy of Brolheriy Love is udo-ncd with » mcmstucho. H-'. snya the proportion won!) undoubtedly lie lar«er if nimv 'omen '!:-' not take tlie trcu-i'e to er.idic.ile lli« uiiHn'coiupgrouth. A Geiin.ui has h!ro lipfin lifeu miking investi-iatinns nlo-i!' It'- s-ini' lii»-, mid coun-s out with ll:o sfcirtlini! utatcment that moustaches are much moro raiiunnn auung women of the present rlay tlmn ilio'e of (he p:\nt Ho says in Constantinople among the unveiled women 0'ieout of -'????! V ten possesses an uiimijtuke hI-Ip cnii'i-iiijr of down on the upper-lip, and in Spain I lie snin^ /act is nolicPHlili'. EnglHiid lias 195 cruiWs afloat, ami 42 bnilniiifr. France has left 46 cruisers afloat and 16 buililmfr, the Triple Atliinca cun muster 8C cruiser*, and hus 19 in course, of construction. The report of the U.S. Secretary for the Interior shows tint only a little more than one-half of the public domain of the United States is either reserved or nppropriated. The area still remaining vacant amounts to 591,343,953 ucres, without including Alaska, *liicli i« supposed to embrace nearly 400,000,000 acres more. The entire, area of the United States is placed at 1,835,017,692 acres. Of this, 741,702,365 acies is uow owned l-y individuals or by corporations or States, or lias p;isstd out of the control of the general government. The amount reserved for school i, Indians, military and naval .purpose?, railroad grants, parks, forest reservations, etc., including all territory reserved from sale for any purpose what soever, amounts to 132,441,7444 acres, so that, taking the reserve land and the vacant land together, only about one-half of the area of the United States has actually passed out of control of the government, aud if Alaska is included, the unoccupied area is larger by 300,000,000 acres Mian that which is occupied. The most mysterious woman in Chicago is one of the best known socially. She lives in city's most showy hotel, and is the possessor of great wealth. She is Mrs. Celia Wallace, widow of Judge Wallace, of Chicago. A year ago she wore a gown that cost 50,000 dollars. She gives 00,000 dols. a year to charities. A Peruvian heiress recently paid Worth L5000 for a gown trim -lied with lace. . Of this sum L4000 was for the lace. When M. Worth wishes to create a new fashion, he does not make designs on paper, but takes the material and drapes them around the worlds until he has either developed his idea or hit upon something new. A young man's prospective motber-in-law, in Boston, insisted' on kissing him every time he called to see his girl. He didn't hanker after her kisses, and fearing that he might be expected to continue the custom after he married her daughter be broke off the match. Now the girl has begun a suit for breach of promise, laying the damages at 50,000 dollars. A secret society, the members of which are bachelor girls, has been organised at Ponca City, Oklahama. The members are pledged to remain single, to disclose in secret meet ing the names of every person who asks them to marry, and describe just how ' each proposal was made, etc. A Sunday school teacher was recently holding forth on the parable of the prodigal eon, aud referred to the character of the elder brother. ' But amid all the rejoicing,' he said, ' there was one to whom tbe prepara tion of the feast brought no joy, to whom the prodigal's return gave no pleasure, but only bitterness ; one who did not approve of. tbe feast being ,' held, and who had no wish to attend it. Now, can any of you tell me who this was?' There was a breathless silence, followed by a vigorous cracking of thumbs, and theo from a dozen sympathetic little lips came the chorut : ' Please, air, it wm th« fatt«d «?!' I' Here is a quaint but perfectly well authenticated story of the American Civil War. At Antietaro, just after the artillery had been sharply engaged, a battery was standing, awaiting orders. General Lee approached and stopped a moment. J dirty-faced driver of about seventeen said to h'm : 'General, are you going to put us in again T Think of MicU a question from such a source, addressed to the general of the army, especially when tint general's name was Le.-. ' Yes, my boy,' the stately officer answered kindly, ' I have to put you in ngnin. liut what is your nmtip 1 Your f ice seems familiar to me somehow.' ' I don't wonder you didn't know u», sir, I'm so dirty,' laughed the lad, ' but I'm Bob Y It was the general's youngest con, whom lie had thought safe at the Virginia Military Institute.' Tlie Chinese are said to possess astonishing secre's in the matter of confectioners. They remove thfl pulp from orangep, and Fubstitute various j^lliep. The closp-st examination fnils to reveal any incision in tlie skin of the fruit. They perform Hip saiiif feat with p^s Mr. Leonard Courtney, M.P., «-as sisked at ii political meeting whether he was in favour of the liill to lpgalise marriage with a deceased wife's sister 1 ' May I inquirP,' said Mr. Courtney, all smiles, 'whether the gpntlentnn whe puts that question is married ? 'I am.' 'Has your wife a sister living 1' ' She has.' ' Is your .wife present V ' No.' 'Well, my wife is present ; slip, too, b.is a sister living,' shM Mr. Cjui'lsicy, resuniirg his seat. An amusing story is si ill told in 'ho loliliy willi i-«fe,wuc« to I»ovU Willoujjlvy Dc Eres'ny's speech on the new estate du'y. TIip no'ile lord in criticising the nrrang'1 m«nt of the duty, nipntioned that he whs heir to a ghost, and ironically inquired how much he would be required to piy on that 'Oh,' exclaimed a member sitting near, «mid the laughter of surrounding colleagues, ' that would come under the ir.crensed epirit tax.' All sorts of special trains are being run over Kansas railroads, but the oddest onp yet is reported from Fort Scott. It ran from P.iri-ons to Appleton City, Me, and consisted of one car and a locomotive. On one of the sea's of the cpr, under the watchful eye of the brakesman, rested a Email bottle, and it was to convey tin's bottle that the ppecixl train was run. A doctor at Appleton City had brpken his leg and lockjaw followed. A CRrtnin kind of medicine was needed which could not be procured nearer than Parsons, 100 miles away, and the special train was called to go in quest of it. The run was made at a faster rate than a mile a minute. An English doctor, interviewed by the Dailj Mail on Professor Shenck's discovery as to the determination of sex said : ' In times of distress and war males were more abundantly produced, and in times of peace and plenty females were preponderant. A life of luxury on the part of the parents tended to female births, and vice versa.' The Bicycling World tells of on Indian farmer who has rigged up his bicycle on a stout framp, and connected it with his churn, so that he can do his pedalling, read hi« morning paper, and churn nil at the same time. He thus gets the full benefit of the exerciBP. that is, if the arrangement is out doors, where he gets fresh air, runs no risk of running over pedestrians or other obstruc tions, or being himself run over or chased by stray dogs. There is said to be in preparation for the Paris Exposition a novelty called the Mareorama, which will give visitors the illusion of .a voyage by steamer from Marseilles to Constantinople, with calls' at Tangier, Algiers, Naples, Vfnice, Alexandria and Smyrna. They .will be 6tanding on the steamer, which will appear -o be in the sea, even to the 'rolling of the vessel and the salt breezes. The unrolling of the canvases will make them think the ship is moving, the principle being the same as that which makes railway passengers in a standing train think they are in motion when another train passes. The voyage of the steamer will be diversified by various scenes, such eb meeting a fleet of warships, a tempest, with thunder and lightning; a sunrise, etc., besides other curious incidents. At Naples, for instance, natives will climb on board and perform the dances of the oonntry. Only seventy years have elapsed since the first railway in the world was finished. ' Dar ing that comparatively brief period 400,000 milei bare been constructed, 