Ths Light That Cast 2To Shadow Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the 'adepts,' as these queer Hindus are callei, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. ' I can't see to read, here,' said the visitor. ' Then we will have some light,' was the reply and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened {the cave. He could not tell whence it same, but he noticed that it had one strange quailty— it cast not the slightest shadow. This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learniog and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt .except that all the lights you, have eeen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runR parallel ' with one's own experience. Dr Johnson sniffed at tlie account of the Lisbon earth quake, yet credited tlie t≤ of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example : — 'In the spring of 1888,' writes our correspondent, ' I fell into a low. weak, and languid state. I felt low- spirited and oat of sorts. At first my stomach was de ranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pam and weight' at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, bat had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continosd in tbia way for two year*, nothing that I took relievfig me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I h&d; taken only a frw doaes I found relief ; my food ! digested, and gradually all nervousness K-ft me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never ' having used or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. ' Since my recovery, for which I thank ; Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have j been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity 1 deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) *D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, Jane 8th, 1833.' There is a deal of difference between Mr Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that oast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, bat it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy wit ness, who will wnswer letters of enquiry, a&d; can he found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magi cal abont Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ail'nents are but symptoms, forms or phases of that uuiversal disease — indigestion and dyspep sia. ; it cures that, and thrown the light or health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness ami p--iia ha-i cast such dark and terrifying shadows. AuJ that is whv people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 