[?] LITERARY GOSSIP. In tlic March number of "Cassell's Maga zine" there is an abundance of interesting fiction. The romance of Klondike, by Hea- don Hill, becomes instinct -with wilder im- probabilities as it proceeds, and in its unre strained exuberance of sensation it is not surpassed by any melodrama. It may be as sumed that tlie intention of tlic author' is not to attain literary excellence, but to keep the interest of his readers continually on the strain, and in this respect be fairly suc ceeds. Tho Ghost of the Marchioness of Appleford is a story by Jerome K. Jerome, "which describes bow a girl from the gutter enters the ranks of the aristocracy through the door of the music hall, and then reverts back to the more congenial surroundings of her early associations. Max Pem- berton supplies a striking incident_ of Monte Carlo, where the innocence of unsuspecting youth is victimised by the unscrupulous wiles of beauty until a yoiuig English gentleman finds him self aecomplice with a pair of swindlers in a scheme for robbing the gaming tables. Be sides other short stories there are several in teresting articles, including an illustrated in terview with the American ambassador, Colonel John Hay; a description of the New River, one of the means of the London water supply; sketches and portraits of the leaders of fashionable society in London, and an account of The Hague among the Capitals of Europe. In a notice of leaders in oratorio special reference is made to Madame Albani, of whom it is said that "few of those who listen with rapt admira tion to distinguished soloists at great festivals have an adequate idea of the effort, the earnestness, the self-sacrifice even, which their work represents. Ma dame Albani has declared" that there is scarcely a pleasure which at one time or another she has not had to-deny herself for the sake of her voice. It is probable that the secret of her success is to be found in her view that the cultivation , of the voice is never ended. Every oratorio, every opera, everyvsong is carefully rehearsed before she sings it to the public, no matter how many times she may have sung it already. On the day on which she appears in an oratorio, Madame Albani will scarcely speak a word, even to her husband, and then only iji a wliisper. Such part of the day gs is not spent, in practising the musiq.snc will pass in quietly readiug. When singing in ora torio Madame Albatii even makes it a point of not wearing the conventional even ing dress of an artiste, considering that it is out of keening with the sacred character of the music. The "Windsor Magazine" for March ad mirably maintains its reputation for varied interest. Another instalment of Max Pcm- berton's Ecrial continues the exciting ad ventures of Marian and her Russian lover after tlieir escape from Cronstadt. For love Paul Zassulic has condoned her treacherous revelation of the secrets of the Russian fortress; has sacrificed his- career, and lias become an exile to liomo nnd country- In his steam yacht lie carries her away to the VIIUUI.C V»l J 1 CCUvill) till VI 1UUS I1IC UUtlCb Ul forts and fleet in the endeavor to escape to the open water of the Baltic. There are most thrilling incidents, and each chapter brings new complications. Jenriie Baxter's experiences as a journalist, described by Cottrcl Hoe, are more amusing than vera cious, and ascribtj to the woman recorder an unscrupulous ingenuity not altogether complimentary. Mr. Percy Andrm exhi bits his inventiveness in unveiling the sup positious secrets of Continental diplomacy. Some novel theories on education are pro pounded by Mr. E. 11. Strain, and through the fictional medium lie employs there is evident a substratum of sound sense. The basis of liis argument is that attention Gliouid be given to the special characteristics of c-very child, and a discrimination made of varying individualities instead of all being passed through tlic process of a stereotyped curriculum. George Giffen contributes some cricket reminiscences of test matches be tween Australia nnd England. Raymond Blathwayt reproduces a talk with Mr. G. T. Reed, the clever "Punch" artist, who has won fame by the inimitable humor of his prehistoric pictures. "How the London Zoo is Replenished" is described bv Mr. C. J. Cornish, and Mr. Ernest E. Williams con tinues his scrappy articles on the colonies, tinucs her scrappy articles 011 tho colonies, treating in this issue of West Australia, Tasmania and New Zealand. The mar vellous Craggs, ranked among the greatest of acrobats, who visited Australia, first in 1S73 and subsequently- in 1891, are given, t whole descriptive article to themselves. In '"The Tragedy of the Korosko." Conan Doyle has utilised his recent experiences in Egypt -and on the Nile to give local coloring to a Rtory of adventure. A party of tourists visiting the upper reaches of the' river decide upon an expedition to the celebrated pulpit rock of Abousir, a few miles beyond the frontier garrison town of Wudy Haifa. The journey is not without the risk of danger, for it lies beyond the limits of protective occupation, but with an escort of Soudanese soldiers the prospects of safely are con sidered sufficiently assured. The mixed company, including two American ladies (aunt and niece), a Nonconformist minister from Birmingham, a Manchester solicitor, a half pay colonel, a young diplomatist, n graduate from Harvard, an Irishman named tehnont,and a Frenchman, wkobolievcsder- vishes to be a weak invention of t lie n»r to justify the continued English occupation of Egypt, start on their trip accompanied by their dragoman nnd six negro soldiers. While enjoying the view from the rock, happily innocent of peril, they are suddenly surprised by an incursion of dervishes, and, despite resistance, which involves the loss of some of their number, arc carried off prison ers. Their position is one' of continually recurring danger, and without any sacrifice of probability the interest is wondcrfully maintained, until their rescue is finally achieved by the conipaniesof thecaniel corps sent out from Wady Haifa and ijnrrns iu pursuit. The development of character under the presnre of peril is dealt with in a masterly wnv. The book, which is inclu ded in Bell's Indian and Coloniul Library, is certain to meet with appreciation. "The Great Stone of Sardis," liy Frank R. Stockton, the well known American author, is a fanciful delineation of the possibilities I of science, somewhat after the .Tulcs Verne style. The scene of Roland Clewe's won- derful discoveries is laid in the year 1947, when tho Atlantic passage has been renin ced to three days by steamships devised on an altogether hovel method of construction when electricity had become thegreat motive lower of the world, and when people had lecome so satiated with progress as to turn for relief to the old and slow ways of tho nineteenth century. Under the spirit of reaction it was not considered good form to read the daily papers, and only those bur ned to their business who were obliged to to do so in order that their employers might attend to their affairs in the leisurely man. ner which was then the custom of the husi" ness world. But Roland Clewe, the Edison of the future- sets himself to revive interest in scientific development. He conquers the se crets of .the Polar regions by despatching an expedition- m a submarine boat, which proceeds under the ice until it reaches the open Polar waters, to find there the last specimen of a whale, which the rapacity of mankind' lias allowed to survive the general destruction of the species. More wonder ful even than this are the means by which the inventor- penetrates into the hidden mysteries . of tho earth's interior He has discovered the artesian ray whose illuminating influence enables liim to direct a shaft of light miles down beneath the surface,- and to: see all the strata with greater clearness, than if an actual bore had been made. But he is confronted at last by a puzzle, which he strives in vaiu to elucidate. The ray ceases to pass throii'di rock at a depth of about 15 miles, and seems to have entered a vast cavo filled with no thing hut light. Accident furnishes him with a means of supplying an explanation of the mystery. His automatic shell, an ex traordinary piece of mechanism, which hag the peculiar property of generating power in proportion to the strength of the resist, once, mils from its sustaining supports, and disappears point foremost mto the earth. As it must keep on going until its power is exhausted, it bores its way downwards, un til it has completed an actual shaft down to this mysterious cave. Clewe determines to descend, and does so, to fine that the nuzzl- irrs light procoeds from a mass of solid diamond created in the centre of the earth, in the original process of combustion, lie proves his theory by bringing np some splinters knocked off by his shell, one oi which gives its title to the story. No one else can venture to repeat his experience, for an accident to a daring imitator, who has striven to forestall his discovery, induces him to close up the shaft by means of ex plosives, and as he has no intention of con structing another automatic shell, he holds in safety the sole privilege of discovery. This story is also included in "Bell's Indian and Coloninl Library." Invaluable to all engaged in the profes sional work of mechanical - construction is "The Engineer's YoarHook," issued under the editorship of Mr. H. R. Kempe. Since its origin al' appearance in 1894 it lias been recognised as filling a necessary want, and has been accepted by practical men in every branch of engineering as an authoritative reference. Its formula;, rules and tables cover the widest range, and must frequently be found of the greatest assistance. Iiv peri odical revision the information, ns supplied, is founded on the latest knowledge, and can thus be depended on for safe and reliable reference. _ In the most recent edition many new improvements have been intro duced, and its size, iu consequence, con siderably increased. The earthwork tables have been extended, and the railway infor mation greatly enlarged. Other sections have been almost entirely rewritten. The value of the hook is added to by the com pleteness of the index. We have to thank Messrs. J., Donne and Sons, Little Collins- street, for forwarding a copy. 