SERMON FOR SUNDAY, Storm- olouds Brightened. Bv the Rev. De. Taimaoe. And now men eeo nob the bright - light whioh - is in tho clouds.— Job xxxvii, 91. It is the old bear of melancholy, and with gospel weapons I propose to ehose.it back to its midnight oiiverns. I mean to do two siima —a Bum in subtraction and u sum in addition — a subtraction from your days of dopression, and on addition to your days of joy. If God will help me I will assist you to seo the bright light in the clouds, and urge you to make the best of everything. 1\. In the first place you ought to make the very best of all your finanoial misfortunes. During tho panic a few years ago many lost money. . Somo of you lost it - in most unaaoountahler'ways. For- the ques tion. "How many thousands of dollars shall I put nBide this year P " you substituted the question, "How shall I pay my butolior, ai; bakor, and olothior P You bad the sensa tion of rowing lmrd with two oars, and, y.et going down 9treum. You did riot say much about it because it was not politic to speiik much of financial omborrassment ; but your wife knew. Less variety of wardrobe, - more economy at the table, self-denial in art and tapestry. Compression, rotronebmont. Who did not feel the necessity of it P . My friend, did you mako tlie best of this ? Are you aware of how ; narrow an' escape you hud ? Suppose you had readied the fortune toward whiuh you wero rapidly going. What then ? Ypu would have boeu as proud as Lucifer. How- fow men have succeeded largely in a financial sense and yet maintained their sim plicity aud religious. consecration. Not one man out of a hundred. There are glorious exceptions, hut the general rule is that in proportion as a man gets well off for this world ho gets poorly off for the next. , He loses his sense "of dependence on God. Ho gets a distaste for prayer meetings. With plenty of bank stooks and plenty of Govern ment securities, what does that man know, of tho prayer, "Give mo this day my daily' bread " P How few men largely successful in this world are bringing souls to Christ; or1 showing self-denial for others, or are eminent for piety P You can couut them all upon your eight fiugors and two thumbs. 2\. Again, I remark, you ought to make the very best of your bereavements. The whole tendency is to brood over these separa tions, and to give muoh time to the handling of mementoes of tho departed, and to make long visitations to the cemetery, and to say, " Oh, I can never look up again ; my hope is gone ; my courage is gone ; my religious's gene ; my faith in God ' is gone ! Oh, tho wear and tear and exhaustion of this loneliness!" Thp most frequent bcreavo- ment is the loss of children. If your departed child -had lived as long as you have lived, do you not suppose that ho "would have had abouttho sumo amount of trouble and trial that you have had ? If you could make a choice for your child between 46 years of annoyance, loss, voxution, exasperation, and bereavements, and 40 years in heavon, would you tako the responsibility of choosing tho fonuer ? Would you snatch away the cup of oternal bliss and put into that ohild'a bands the oup of many bereavements P In- ' stead of tbo complete safety into whioh that child lias been lifted, would you like to bold it downi to tho risks " ol" this mortal state ? Would you like to keep it out on a sea in winch there, have been more shipwrecks tbaneafo voyages? Is it not a comfort.to you to know that that child, instead of -being besoiled and flung into the mire of sin, is swung oleur into the skies? Aro not those ohildreu to be congratulated that tho point of celestial bliss which you expect to reach by a pilgrimago of 50, or 60, or 70 years, they reached at a flash ? If the last 10,060 children who had entered heaven lmd gene through the average of human life on earth, are you sure all those 10,006 children would havo finally reaohed the blissful terminus? Besides that, my. friends, you are to look at this matter as a self-denial on your part for thoir benofit. If your oliildron want to go'off in a May-day party — if your children want to go on a flowery and musical excursion— you eonsent. You might prefer to havo them with you, but thoir jubilant absence satisfies you. Well, your departed children liaVe only gone out in a May- day party, amid flowery and musical entertainment, amid joys' lind' hilarities for over. That ought to quell some of your grief, tho thnugnt of their glee'. So it ought to be that you could make tho best of all boreavements. Tho faot ' that you .have so many friends .in heavon will make your own departure very cheerful. 3\. So also, my friend, I wonld have you mako the best of your sicknesses. When you seo one move off with elastio step and iu full physical vigour, sometimes you become impatient with your lame foot. ' When a man descries an objeot a mile off, aud you cannot soc it at ell,- you become impatient of your dim eye. When you hear , of a robust man making- a- great aohievemont you become impatient with your depressed ner vous system or your enfeobled gait. I will' tell you how you can make the worst of it. . Brood over- it brood over all these illnesses, and your nerves will become more twitohy, and your dyspepsia more aggravated, and yoar weakness more appalling. . But that ib the devil's work, to tell you how to make the worst of it ; but God telle you thero is light in the olouds, and even down here ; for all who believe in Jesus are not only "justified from oil things," hut have "jpeaoa and i'oy in the Holy Ghost." Whioh of tho lible men most attroot your attention P You Bay, Moses, Job, David, Jeremiah, Paul. Why, what a strange thing it is that you have ohoson- those who - wero physically disordered ! Moses— I know he was nervous, from tho olip ho gavo tho Egyptian. Job— his blood was vitiated and diseased, and bis skin distressfully eruptive, David — be had a running sore, whioh he speaks of when ho says : " My sore ran in tho night and ceased not." Jeremiah, had enlargement of the spleen. Who- can doubt it who reads Lamentations V Paul — he bad a lifotimo Bickness, which tho commontators havo been guesBing -about for years, not knowing exaotly what the apostle meant by "a thorn in tho flesh." I do not kuow either ; but it was something sharp, something that stuok him. I gather from all thie that physical disorder may bo the means of graoo to the soul. You eay you have so many temptations from bodily ailments, and if you wero only well, yon thmk, you could bo a .good Christian. Whilo your temptations may be different, they aro no more than those of the mau who has on appetite three times a day, and sleeps eight' hours every night. 4\. Again, "you ought to make the best of" life'B finality., Now, you think I liuve a very tough subject. You do not seo how'I am to Btriko a spark of ligbt out bf tho flint of the tombetono. There uro many people who havo an' idea that death is tho submergence of. everything pleasant by everything doloful. If my mibjoot could oloso in tho upsetting of all suoh prooonoelvod notions, it would closo well. Who can judgo best of tho features Of. a man— those who ara olosn by liiin or those who are afar off P "Oh," you say, "thoso can judgo best of the features of a man who uro oIobo by him I" Now, myfriends, who Shall judgo of the features of death — whether they ure lovely or whether they ore repulsive? You P You are top far off. If I want to got a judgment as to what .really the features of death are, I will not ask you. I.will ask those who havo boen within a month of death, or a woelc of death, or an hour of death,, or a minute of death. They stand so near tho features,- they can tell. They give unanimous testimony, if they ure Christian people, that dentin instead of being demoniac, is chorubio. ' Of all the -millions of , jOhristiana who . have ' been oanied to . the comotoiy, gathei up thoir dying experiences, and you will.flild thoy nearly all died- in joy. How often you havo soon a dying mun join in tho psnlm boing sung Uroutid his bedside, tbo-mindloof tho verso opening to let his ransomed spirit froo ! — long after the lips could not speak, looking upward. Somo of you talk us though God bod ex hausted Himsolf in building this world, and that all tho rich curtains Ho ovor madoHo hung around this planet, and all (ho flowors Ho ever grew Ho had woven into the oarpet of our .daisied meadows. No. This world is not the host thing God oau do ; this world, is not tha best thing that God has done. Oh, what an ado about dying ! Wo got so attaohod to tho malarial marsh on which wo Hyo that wo are afraid to go up oud live on the hilltop ! We are alarmed becauso _ vacation is ooming. Eternal sunBhine, and host pro gramme of celestial minstrels, and hallelujah, no inducement I Lotus- stay hero and keep oold, and ignorant, and wouk. Do not intro duce ue to Elijah, and John Milton, und Bodrdaloue. ICoop our feet on tho sharp oohhlo atones of earth instead of planting thom on tho hank of amaranth in heaven. Givo ue this small island of a loprous world instead of tho immonsitios of splendour and delight. Keep our hands ' full of nettles, and our .shoulder undor the burden, and our neck in tho yoke, and handcuffs on our wrists. "Dear Lord," wo seem to say, "keep us' down hero where " wo havo to -'suffer, instead of letting us 'up whore ; we might Hvo, and roign, and' rojoioe." " But," says someone, " it pains me so muoh ..to think that I must lose the body with which . my soul has so long companioned." ; You do not lose it. You "no -mora' loso your body by death than you loso your watoh whon you toko ft to have it repaired, or your jewel whon you take it to have itresot, or tho faded pioture whon you tuko it to havo it touched up, or tho photograph of a friend when you have it put in a new lookot. You do not lose voiir body. ' Paul will go to Rome . to got his, Payson will go to Portland to get his, President Edwards will go to Princeton to got his,. George Cookmun will go to the bottom of tho Atlantic to get his, and we will go to the village ohurchytirds and the city oome- tOries to got ours ; und when wo havo our perfeot spirit' rejoined to our perfeot body, then wo will bo the kind of men and women that tho resurrection morning will make Eossiblfc. Oh! friends, if von desire peaoe erc-und paradise hereafter, look to that bright Light in the clouds — Josus Christ, in whoso' blood those who believe iu Him are washed from every stain or guilt. 