TEMPERANCE WITHOUT ABSTINENCE. One of the most ludicrous and motley conferences on the Groat Drink Question that we remember was the one which sat for a few hours last week at the Melbourne town hall. ' Whoever was, the brilliant genius who inspired its convening or the associated geniuses who considered that I practical and beneficial, material and moral results would accrue to drunkards, and to the families of drunkards, and ! through them to the general community, ' wo know not. They probably dimly realised the ludiorousness of proposing to reclaim lost drunkards without total ab stinence, and therefore kept discreetly in the background. Thus is the world some times denied a knowledge of itsmosteminont workers and reformers! Thoconforoncc was for the purpose of discussing the drink question and. its ravages as represented by disease, crime and poverty, and the general reduction of the vitality of all those who cither by the folly and vicious weaknesses of themselves or of their more immediate ancestors are suffering under the shadow and the curse of this great affliction. The conveners, however, specially and emphati cally stipulated that such questions as prohibition or total abstinence were to be tabdo-r-were not to. bo mentioned. Hamlet was (p be acted without the Ghost, or the Ghos/ was to be acted without Hamlet! Christianity was to bo discussed without Christ as its ideal! Tho conference was to be conducted on thoso principles of “ moderate morality/’ which will probably bo a standing joke in A.N T .A. circles as long as tho association itself exists. A confer ence of medical men, wo wjll, suppose, is called to discuss a certain' foul epidemic which is disfiguring and killing the people. Each medical delegate at the outset is warned that he is not to suggest anything whereby the foul epidemic can bo stayed at its source. He ja to look; upornit as- a necessary and incurable evil, and is only to point out what plasters and ointments may be smeared over it, so that (a) tho vested interests of those Avho live and prosper by a prevalence of; the epidemic shall not be challenged - , arid* (b) that .it may be made to appear to tho purblind section of tho public that a number of our cheap pseudo- philanthropists are not alto gether neglectful of their duty to their neighbor. The conference in question was attended by delegates.from- the -Licensed- Victuallers’ Association, tba Discharged Prisoners’ Aid Society, the Church of Eng land Temperance Society, tho Trades’ Hall Council, the Charity Organisation Society, the Methodist Central Mission, the Sal vation Array social wing and some other philanthropic institutions. ’ ' Very sensible remarks and some statis tical facts were laid before the.mcoting by the chairman, the mayor of Melbourne. They were perhaps prepared for him for the occasion by the town clerk, for it was (unless we are very much mistaken) Mr. McEachearn’s “ debut” as a temperance re former. Then Captain Burrowes*.governor of the Melbourne Gaol; speaking with" force because he spoke from his every-day experience, again descanted on tho absur dity of trying to reform hopeless dipso maniacs by a few days in gaol or a few months of enforced and unprofitable idle ness within gaol walls. He and other speakers suggested that the hitherto con sidered irreclaimable drunkards should be provided for on a Government farm in the country, with, wo presume, a system , of workshops and factories, and there kept from their enslaver whilst at the same time they wilEhe enabled to earn their own . livings as well as support th6ir‘ them bare famritfes. Hut the conference was not to touch upon- prohibition : or .total abstinence. Mr. F. J. Deegan, president'" of. the. Mel bourne Licensed Victuallers’ Association, with that keen appreciation of the humor ous for which bis countrymen aro npted,*- was the first to see the absurdity of the conference in which they were engaged. Mr. Dccgan, while diplomatically admit? ting the seriousness of the question, could not see that any practical proposals Bad been put forward for its settlement.' Of course bo could not. Why, those poor/ lost and degraded drunkards of both sexes who drink to live ’till at last tho’drink will.not let:bhenx>:live<any longer, consume a very great quantity of . drink'in the course of tho year. Somebody pays for j t. Somebody therefore makes.a profit, out pf those people., And yot in tho faco ertlns self-evident and undeniable fact,ithete-are? some other .people so unsophisticated And .confidirig as to ask l£n Deegan's aWsfamoe at a conference where ife'is srinrifisly posed to shut up and permanently,or for a course of years, romove.from temptation some of tho best, most consistent, most self-sacrificing and self-raarbyri rig de votees of, .the great ; apd god, Bacchus. ■ Wo-will, He. surprised if men like’ and "the Bey. Ohar^.’Stron^.vwlibwere present ; at this conference,. waste ; ;any' more of theirJime, with water."Therephemioal affinity between alcohol arid water, but none whatever between ; ■: ■ temperahbe' reform and driuk-seliingT and /consuming, Hor is pi»ctfcal/Help ' ih teiri peranee i . v removal-. pf. cohsumptiprijif drink To bo expected from poojplo whose names figure on. tlio of brewery anti hotel- owning companies. A'aAvcU a&k; a butcher to take the chair and deliver a congratulatory and proselytising address before an assemblage of vegetarian?., ' ■ - ■ ■ 1 . , T"r >■ ‘ i f , :*; . 'Minina meeting ami 1010' Runs for’Eight Wickets will bo found on our. first page ■ this morning. :; Fourth Paob.— Tho following additional reading matter will be found on our fourth page this morning:—Mining Nows and Notes, and Eaglchawk. v ~ ; .... . To-dav’S Events.— Eaglebawk Police Court* 5 10 a.m,; insolvency Mootings, 11 a.m.; Eaglo hnwh Borough Connell, 3.30 p.m, ; entries close Bicycle Races, Easter Fair; .entertainment Temperance Hall; 6 pan.; ** Sign of the Cross,”- Theatre, 8 p.m.; annual mooting' Bendigo Foot ball Club, Masonic Hall, 8 p.m.; meeting Ben digo Chess Club,. Victoria Chambers, 8 p.m; Mining mooting. —Who Con Tell (Kirkwood), 10 ami. Misunderstood Metaphor. —Thorn was a great gathering of jrailwny officials and their family connections' at the railway picnic at Ballarat on Saturday. At the special luncheon provided for tho loading pienicians, Mr. J. .lopling, vicc-presidont of tho Ballarat Agricul tural’ Society, proposed tho health of fhc t Minister of "Railways, and congratulated liim upon the size of Ills family as indicated ' by tho Dumber present that day." Tho Chief Secretary also hod a very large family, but doubtless, for reasons that would be obvious, the church would hardly recognise them, (Laughter.) Mr. XL R. Williams was greeted with cheers os ho rose to respond. lie said he could scarcely understand a reference by Mr. .lopling to the size of his family, lie certainly had sovoralbf his daughters with him, but—- Mr. Jopling • “ I did not mean those children. I was referring to the employes of tho department.” (Loud laughter.) —Mr, Williams: That was a very different tiling, and on the understanding that the situa tion was thoroughly grasped he had no hesita tion in' accepting the responsibility of, the paternity of so largo a family.. (Laughter.) Indeed ho was proud of them; (Hear, hear.) ‘ ok jite Convention.—Dr..; Quick attended bis Office yesterday for tho.flrqt time since the adjournment of the Convention, and has resumed the practice of his profession, which during tho jast;fifteen months was ao much broken up by Federal engagements. He .says that in tho next issue Of tho' “ Review of Reviews,” to bo .published in a few days, there will bo an exhaustive article written by him, explaining the leading features of the Bill, and strongly advocating its adoption by the ncoplo. lie has also written to Sir George Turner, respectfully but earnestly appealing to him to recoWmbnd the Bill to the favorable considera tion of the electors; ' - Warden’s Court.— Mr. Dwyer presided yesterday. Henry Y. North, on behalf of tho Bendigo Development Cos., applied for a lease of land under private property. John Richards, mining manager, gave evidence that mining could bo carried on below 400 ft without any ap preciable damage to tho surface. The .warden gave a certificate, that operations could bo car ried on below 400 ft, and recommended that the lease bo granted. Similar recommendations were made in connection with the’ application of G. A. Potrio (Fortuna Hustler’s Cos.) and G. Lansell for a lease on the ShcopshGad line. Clias. Edwards (manager of the Fortuna Hustler's) and G. Lansoll cave evidence that operations below 400 ft could not possibly damage the sur face. R. F. Nicolai applied for an inquiry into tho working ,of lease No, 6924 at Monument Hill, in tho name of Gcol Scott Geddes, Mr. Mncoboy for the applicant and Mr. L. Murphy for tho lessee. Applicant produced his miners right and stated that ho bad known the ground comprised in tho lease for tho past 10 years. No work had been done on tho ground during the last four or five years. During the past six months ho had been over tho lease nt least once a fortnight, < and could say that during that period no work whatever bad been done. There was no collusion with the holder of tho lease. Mr. Murphy said Ills client would admit that tho labor covenants had not been complied with. Ho bad tried unsuccessfully to float the mine on the London market. Tho warden remarked that there must bo a lot of “ good things ” on tho London market, and re commended that* tho lease bo forfeited and given to tho applicant. In tho matter of tho application of Daley and Weston’s Cos. for a lease at Ellesmere, Murphy and others objee-. tors, it was stated that tho land applied for would licm in tho objectors’ lease. Mr. Jones appeared for tho-company and Mr. L. Murphy for the objectors. Mr. Jones promised that the com pany would not bother about costs if tho objectors would hgreo to a.settlement.. Mr. Murphy said on that condition his clients would agree to a settlement, and the warden ad journed the case to'allow of agrecmohlsTJcing drawn up*./ A Chinaman in Trouble— A Chinaman named George Ah Tong was charged, on, re mand, at .yesterday’s City Court,' with- unlaw fully and maliciously,wounding three cows at Golden ’Ho pleaded not guilty,*and was dafoitued by Mr. Ni Gaq. Michael Roughan deposed that ho waaat his mother’s house on the 15th lust., when ho noticed five cows in the Chinaman’s garden, and saw someone driving them out. Four of tho cows wore tho property of his mother, and ho consequently wont to help to put thorn out*- While ho was doing this; Ah Tong came out of his hilt with a gun. After the .cows were put outside the garden Ah Tong fired at them. Two of them staggered, one very much. They wore after wards examined and several shots extracted. Tho cattle were not, however, much injured. 'Mr. Nl Gan pleaded that his client hod no malicious intent. Tho cows were annoying him and destroying tho garden, and ho fired at thorn on tho impulse of the moment. Ho hoped that tho magistrates would sco their way clear to alter tho charge, so that the man might 'be dealt witli summarily.* If so ho would plead guilty. It was then decided to alter the charge to one of indicting cruelty uuoti dumb animals, thereby .involving pain. Too chairman. said tho bench did not consider that defendantimd any animosity against anyone, and that when ho fired the shot ho did not mean to seriously injure the cows. They therefore decided to let him off with a fine of 60s, with 6s costs, in dc-- faulfc one month’s imprisonment The fine.wos immediately paid by some of tho Chinaman’s fellow countrymen who were in court. Bendiqo Horticultural Society. A special meeting of tho committee was held at tho secretary’s office on Saturday. Present— Mcssrs. S. G. Gadd (in tho chair), James Allan, W. Dick, T. Dclbridgo, A. Maher, T. Craiko and J. Melrose. Apologies wore rcepived-frbm Messrs. J. R. Goodisson, Alox. Purdio, H. Kook and W. Williams. Tho schedule of prizes for tho forthcoming Chrysanthemum and ‘Fruit Show, on May 4 and 5, was completed, with the exception of the prizes in the class for school children. It will bo remembered that about 300 Chrysanthemum plants wore distributed to tlio children of the various State schools, and already a keen interest is being taken in this competition, which promises to be most success ful. A most encouraging report was received from the sub-committee appointed to canvass for trophies, donations to the amount of over £4O being received. Through, pressure of other business Mr. J. Hemming tendered His resign-: ation as secretary. It was accepted with re gret, and Mr. W. 11. Waiter was appointed in his stead. • City Police Court. —The magistrates yes terday were Messrs. Dwyer, Wilson and Paul. A half-castc youth, charged with stealing threc or four bunches of grapes from tho garden of Matthew Lanyon, was fined 10s witli 6s costs, in default 24 hours’ imprisonment, Walter Simmonds, licensee of tlio Boundary Hotel, was charged wit Fallowing gambling on his licensed premises on March 10. Mr. Roberts .appeared for the defendant, who ple&dcd; not guilty. On tho application of Inspector Murphy tho case: was remanded for a week. William Oliver was summoned to show cause why ho should not bo sent to gaol for neglecting to pay d.fin'o of £L' imposed on him for removing tmibni* frpm nff: -Crown land? without a license.. The,bench the. fine forthwith.'or- go.*©;' prison for "seven days..,, Samuel;. Lewis and George Low'd, ttdrculting timber, on Crown if lands without a : ficenßo ; ,wcro eaeh fined lOs.. The- following debt cases' .wore disposed of, ’ orders being given for tho- amounts claimed; —W. Stein v. Martha Alcocfc, £3TBs lOd, work and.labbr done, costs, 28s; J. G. Edwards ,v. P. Hallinan, goods: £2, Is lOd, costs 13s. James' Ni Gan was preceded against by J. Reed, city inspector, for keeping swine and sheep on.hia promises and dressing sheep within tho city; boundaiy. ML E- J. V. Ni Gan, who appeared for lho defendant, stated that tho non-renewal, of.tho license .was an oversight. Mr. Hyotfc, for' the v prosecution, said ho would withdraw tlio charge of having sheep-bn the promises...' De fendant was thon fined 10s- with 10s• costs bh each of the other charges.;- Other oases' to ported elsewhere wore dealt with and’ the.court -adjourned, *' ;• . ‘ . Keeps all : the Commandments.—ln a : in thoGityCourt -yesterday, irt‘ defendant was alady storekeeper i'sho caiwed / some amascmehVat' onb- stage r of the pftfCeedinga bybcootning greatly wing.her rtfnjajyayiv^ she informed thbibonoh that one ,bf .tho bom^ that tt, ,bnj£' tiling was *t6 : baj.mad'obuh '6t.jyiog, the bbrn nlainant w<mld. bo. richertliati Qcdrgo Lansoll.. "But,” remonstrated UioP.'M., “perhaps that, witness shmo; thing about ybet: bshindybur baok' ?” “ Exeusomo yoor Honof. n - idofendaot, “Ibm ’nqt .given to telling untruthvh°Td<rl hrcak ahy of the top oommanddionts ip - any other way ” -ybayteaßfc<'-.r^ member! son behind lback,.;;aro not Very about another.”, The^ita ! Maftep eyidonco.' hob'evor. and -yeisic<( ;Sgai« addtbssM' that:.'«W; TOsbed to infemwl thaWstm had ~ beorf bimkihgT^^^i^ moffmenfei^‘ v 'ShoodMd r ihdtvldt'M mont go:uboludldog^;TTfie.B;^^ that there had.been, no accusation made against : hnrcimwwjlcr'; fllic hoed not trouble herself »o far Ins that was concerned. She had better pay the amount for whiab the verdict was given, ana think no more about it. Bho then loft iho.eourt looking “divgttors’’,at Mivßohcrto, the cow plajuunt’s. solicitor. " Tester Fair Sports.— Tho on trios for too various .bicycle races , in conoeotion with the Raster Fair on Easter Tuesday and’Wednesday close to- dav with Urn secretory, Mr- 11. M.; Marks. The entries are exceptionally; good, particularly of outside champion riders* .--Mr,-; Marks’ office will remain open until. 10 o’clock to-night to suit tho convenience of local com petitors. , ■ - ■ , Coming Round. —Tho Ago is coming bank rapidly to Federation, and will probably bring, the Government with it. In an article, In; yes*, terday's issuo it says;—“ Though the double dissolution of tho two Chambers does, not altogether compensate for the absence of tbo Roforonduiri,tho constitution of tho Federation provided for by the draft Bill will bo really more liboraLthon tho constitution of Victoria, for example'.'’ A Pastrycook Charged with Perjury.— Oh January 14 last a pastry-cook named WiUiam Jano was before tho City Police Court for assaulting a lad named William Feather stone,!! years of ago.. Detective McPherson, howeVor,stritod that liq actually saw Jano strike, tho laid and this dvtdonco was corroborated by sovoraD’othor witnesses. Inspector - Murphy also went.into Ibo witness box and sworo that bo too saw. Jane strike the boy several times' in the face. Jane, nevertheless, wont into the witness box and swore positively that ho did not strike tho boy. Inspector Murphy thereupon applied for tho denial to bo taken down in writing, and it was accordingly done.' 'Tbo .outcome .was tho Charge of perjury.: The case was not entered on yesterday, but Mr, Dunlop (for the . defendant) Suggested that the clmrgo should bo withdrawn because it was a trivial affair, and ills client was a most respect able man, Inspector Murphy: retorted “What ridiculous nonsense ; it’s the clearest case of perjury that has over come \vitlunrmy know ledge r After a short discussion it was decided to adjourn tho ease' until Friday neit. . . School of Mines,—A mooting of tho, nd«, ministrotivo council wns hold lost ovoning;. Pre sent : Dr, Pen fold (prcaidobtXDr. Hugh Boyd,and Messrs;Cohon, Northcotfc, Scott, Bayne, Daley, Rowe and Williams. Letters were read From Commissioner of Public Works, respecting an exhibition to bo held'in Paris. In 1909, add asking-.,whether it is proposed to send an exhibit, and if so, what snaoo' would be re quired. Referred to the'classes committee’,— ;Frora Education department, forwarding re sults of recent examinations: Assaying, Grade 1: Honors, R. Lightfoot; passed, 'll. N. Put nam, F. Waller, W.- Oates. Practical Chemis try, Grade I : C. Slreador, S. N. JVaro, U. Bush, W. H, Andrew, 111- N. Putnam, D. McNeill. The .registrar, Mr. G. Alec. Thompson, re ported I have’ again to complain of the delay in forwarding Bio results of the chemical and assaying examinations. Since last meeting I have received the results of tho Practical Chemistry, Graded, and Assaying, Grade 1, ex aminations, but tlio rest are not yet to band, and wo are-within three weeks of tho end of the first term. However, as this-,happens every year, wo are getting used to it. The result In Assaying, Grade T, is very unsatisfactory, and, from what I can learn, tho results in tho other schools of the colony are equally or more so. Wo arc so dissatisfied that wo propose, to ask for tho marks made by each of our candidates in the theoretical and practical parts of the sub ject respectively, and also tlio examiners’ own results of his samples. In reference to tho .chemical balance, which was at' Kyncton, and which the last deputation asked tho Minister to transfer to 4his -school, the Kynotoh Council agreed to-do so on payment to them of tho money (one-third of tbo cost) which they paid to the department. Oh my suggestion tho president authorised Mr. Purdio to proceed to Kynoton, and if he found tho balance in good order to complete tho purchase, Mr. Purdio made ft bargain for £l2, the balance being all right, though some of the brass weights wore some what oxidised. Tbo balance !s now at work here, and lii&vo; notified tho department about the Weights. Mr. J. G, Cooper, student in pharmacy at tho school, has passed tho inter mediate examination of tlio pharmacy board in botany, materia mcdica, theoretical' chemistry and practical chemistry. The' work of tlio vari ous classes is now in full swing, and on tho scionco side at least there is every prospect of a very successful your. The number on tlio rolls to (into is 271. Tho museum is in good order, and some interesting donations have boon re ceived and acknowledged. During the month a preliminary examination in pharmacy, under tho Medical Act, was hold at tlio school. There were two candidates, one of whom. -passed. Dr. Boyd moved that tlio marks made, bv each of tho candidates,..also' .the.results,of. Uio ex aminer of the examination of his samples, bo asked for, and in tho event of tbo answer being unsatisfactory, that united action bo taken witii the other Schools of Mines. The motion was 'seconded by Mr. Williams and carried. Tho registrar was instructed to make inquiries as to tho cost of antique figures and a skeleton for the art department, and apply for a grant in aid from tho Government. Accounts amounting to £176 IBs4d wore passed for payment. A Swag.—Constable J. J. Kelly yesterday arrested .ft man named John Hamilton on a charge of stealing a swag, tho property of John Gibson Pippin. Pippin was in tho Olympic, Motel with his brother on the 9th inst., and left tho swag under a scat in the bar. He returned for it intho evening, bnt -it was not there and' tho -licensee, Mr, T. O’Donnell, could not tell where it was. Tho robbery was reported to the Solicc, and a day or two afterwards Constable . J. Kelly hoard that portion of the contents of a swag had boon left at tlio Junction Hotel. Ho interviewed Pippin and found that tho articles loft at the hotel belonged , to his swag. Ho gob a description of tho man who loft thorn, and on that description arrested Hamilton near tho city market yesterday. An Abortive Prosecution.—At the City Court yesterday tho adjourned ease of. Con stable Sheehan v. Eugene Trior for a breach of tho Street Betting Suppression Act by betting in tlio Bcchivo Exchange was called on. .Mr. Kirby (for the defendant) produced the order absolute showing that tho appeal to tho Supremo Court had been allowed in the case of Sheehan v. Jackman. As tho ease against Trior was on all fours ho now asked for its dismissal. This was accordingly done with £1 Is costs against the informant. Inspector Murphy remarked that tho taking of further proceedings was a matter for consideration. Official Recognition Required.—At the meeting of tho Exchange to-day Mr. A. S, Lane will bring on his motion fora weekly half-holi day on Wednesday. Lately there has been no business on a Wednesday afternoon, the few brokers who attend just “ killing time,” Prac tically there is afternoon holiday already. All that is necessary therefore is “official recog nition of tho fact. Pro-Federal Meeting in Bendigo.—A public meeting has been arranged to take place at the A.N.A. Hall on Thursday evening, when a Iccturctto on tho draft Federal' Constitution will be given, Tho public, including ladies, are cordially asked to attend. Discussion is in vited, It is' to bo hoped that tlio Bendigo, pooplowill show their practical,interest in tins important question, which is now in the hands of the electors, nnd by their attendance their practical sympathy with tho efforts being made to cause our young men and others to acquire an interest in promoting the- welfare of tho present and of future generations. A Peering Tom.— Cornelius' Dalton, a some what disreputable looking young specimen of humanity, was charged at tho City Police Court yesterday with behaving in an insulting manner at Golden Square on Sunday. Ho was caught during tho afternoon peeping through cracks in tho flooring of tho Presbyterian Church, near whore, tho lady members of tho choir were sitting. Ho appeared to ho quite indifforentto the whole-proceedings, pleaded guilty, and was fined £5, in default a month’s imprisonment, “At Home;” — A number of friends of tho Misses Crocth attended an M At-Home ” in .theft* jstudio to. welcome Miss SL E. Croetli on bt-r rot'uvh from a trip to Europe; Slie showcd A collection Of -paintings ,ohd oil and watercolor sketches executed; during her Rome and else whore.' A. pleasant time was spent by the guests partaking Of' afternoon tea and inspecting a variety Qf curios, photos, etc.; collected in many lands. . ... , Fall from a Dray.— On.tiie Great Southern ( mine yesterday afternoon ah'elderly, man named Henry Fadoireon metwitli-what- at first- was thought to bo a vary serious accident Ho is a [ cirtor,.and had, under'instructions fro.m .tho manager, Mr. WV Bolitho, brought an air winch tropi n mine at California Gully to the south ! shaft;of the OrcatSouthorn Company* iio .was /standing in tlio dray ready to assist in'lifting l tlio hir winch, when hp over balanced and foil j to uioiground/ As;he seemed seriously injured' ho was placcd on nn ambulance car and taken 1 to i tho hospital by throe-of the employes. It was’ 1 there <jfonnd that hO was suffering greatly from 1 'shook.- Tho doctors, say no bonps/are broken,' i an'd' ; expect; that ho will Icavo tho ihstitutioh ip I ■O ,tjyo.>u<\- 7 i-'; •--•-'•I i.'-'i S:-,\ -AFew Ticket Scalpers.— Mr. Tates, tho Bendigo statlpnihastorj made a « haul * on tho I Atrivaj of. tho, last, tram from: Melbourne :last -night/ There were a dozen youths enjoying ! themselvos ip ; first class;, carriages*; Wlibn oskodifor theiy tipkote they- ooqld - ‘pply show i second class ones. Mr. Yates took their names, andpposccations for defrauding thb department willfallow. The offender?, oh their , read/homo from tho Ballarat raiiway tooksoats in first-class carriages ut festio- [ s teamol / v‘r / ; /, '/T,/; ;V: Accidentally Shot.— Ai.disttwslhg shooting fatality occurred at Elraoro bh Satar-. Jay pvoning. It is anotiioc instancc of tho of : allowipg-;.yoahg.::imd boys to ttsd firo armi. .Alfred .Anhuirrow, aged | ,I4 yeare, ivas tha victilh. ' He was shot dead bv Hetbort Lodgo; a;boy 'two' years his junior- Thcfy wore outshootingyri tli jpea rifles., Lodge Aqharroyv; pointed his rifle at mni' >nd>exclaioieA, u Look out.” • Ho torndd round; “““PftvWbg shoulder, -WRsaiPj- he .pulled , the AuharepS TKR.nßA.Wlso.of tho art union »« | Dooklo Calhoito Church resultedlOOo flwt, j 9994 second, and 197 third. The other winning numbers are advottised in another column. Dondlgo people took o number of UoßCt®. ; Wbb Cuuxo, agcd .70y adnilttcd .oii the lOtli. lost, died'Jn the hospital ycatord.tvy from heart disease. A kasaka at Joppoon SiigarPlantation, Rockhampton, stabbed Mr. SlaUicson, the overseer, and tbruo othor kanaUM, Mr. Mathc -son La seriously hurt , - v * A ScikxtificLady.—M;«a Hsstie, a lady of means, who has boco t<nwing ,Now. Zealand, evidently goes in for other 'amusements ■ than “afternoon tea," lawn teuola, orahUrch values. She lias chartered tho Australian schooner Sydney 801 l for exploration in Rio- South Seas., Among the party will b» the BouthSoa oxploi'or, Ruddles tone, for many years curator of tho hemitogo'afc Mount Cook.- • Mr. J.'H. CunXOW announces a special sale of useful articles of furniture, pianos, organs, sowing biaohines, etc*} also wall papers and books, to bo hold at his rooms, View street, on Thursday next at 1.30 p.m, Tiir Sasdhubst Rormno Stock Cos. —It will ho noted with regret that what was for some Unto ono of the most successful and extensive , business concerns in tho colony is*uow about to bo closed and disposed of. To- day Messrs. H. M, Marks and. Cos., of this city, and Messrs. Patterson and Sons, of Melbourne, auctioneers (la conjunction), will sell tho whole of tho stock-in-trado, matoriafs for railway, carriage, buggy and coach building, machinery, timbers, iron,, steel, leathers, paints, etc,, of tho Sand hurst Rolling Stock Proprietary Cos., Ltd., Wil liamson street. Tho solo will bo .hold on the promises, and will commence to-day at 11 o f clack, audAvlll.be continued to-morrow at .(ho same hour. Catalogues of tho'various lots are published from the Bendigo Independent Office, Ox Wbdxbsday, March 30, Messrs., R. O’Neill aiid Cp- will conduct an extensive sale of vineyard plant, farm and ghrden ioVplomcnts, draught horses, etc., at the Weoroono Yinc-. yard, Strathficldaaye. ' . ' ■ Thk WkjV,ther.—Tim roadiogs at Mr. J. li.. Edwards’, Pall Mall, yesterday wore;— Tho.iv■; momoter—9 a.m., 58 °; 12 noon, 68 ° p.m,, 769.; 6 p.m,, 70.°; raaxinvim, 78 °; minimum, 50 ?. Barometer—9 2 9 -7 4; 12 noon, 29 - 64; 3 p.m., 29'48; 6 