TALES, SKETCHES. Three Episodes. Br Maby Cbobs. The year- was openingwith asharp wind and a heavy sky; hungry birds looming large against the snow, and a fog slowly asserting itself over all. Feople who had been sighing for "a good old-fashioned winter" jerked their ohairs fire ward, pet tishly wondering how much longer we should be expected to stand this sort of weather. A train was just about to leave Fairford, and the solitary occupant of a certain com partment had opened his' magazine and begun its perusal, when another man came running along, jumped in, banged the door, tossed a valise on to the rack, flung a stick and umbrella to the right, a bundle of journals to the left, dropping himself between, and then arranging his rug in a series of tempestuous flaps and jerks. "My good man, you should have had a compartment to yourself/' observed the first occupant. "How dare you call me a good man ? " was the answer. " I withdraw the expression, Heaton. I am sure I don't know how I came to make such a mistake." "Hallo, it's Latimer! And where are you going ? Not to Ormskirk, not to old Turner's ? " Latimer assented. " What is taking yon there ? " " Mr. Turner's invitation, backed by my own inclination." " Exactly my position. I wonder if the long arm of coincidence stretches any far ther, and if you also are going to renew the Biege of the pretty heireBS ? " ■ " Tour also admits a good deal," replied Latimer dryly; and the other laughed, poking at a refractory cigar with hie knife, as if to cover a certain amount of confusion. "Matrimony is like a smoking weed," said Heaton, reflectively. "If it's begun badly, it goeB on badly, and all the scraping and rearranging in the world won't put it right." "And. not like a cigar. For once you have begun it, you must go on with it, and can't throw it aside because it has proved a failure." "The moral would seem to be: Don't interfere between me and Alice Marsden." " But really is: Goodness forbid that Alice Marsden should have anything to do with you." ."Our interpretations certainly differ," said Heaton. " However, my dear fellow, you haven't the ghost of a chance now. You were engaged to the girl, and broke it off—had your chance and lost it. Ifs my innings now, and you had better think twice before you interfere in my business. Besides, as a generous fellow—or at least posing as such—you might consider me a little." "I have considered you a good deal lately, Heaton; and the result is that I mean to end my silly quarrel with Alice if I can. If I had no concern for her happi ness, no love for her, no desire to win her for my wife, I should, nevertheless, find some way of protecting her from your un manly schemes, and letting her guardian know your utter unworthiness. If he had any suspicion that you are an unprincipled gambler, pursuing his ward for your own selfish ends, he would never have per mitted you even to address her. It may become my duty to tell him what yon are." "I may make, it the worse for you, Master Phil, if you attempt to take away my character." "No one .is at all likely to want to rob you of that," returned Latimer, signifi cantly. ; be leaned back in bis corner, and resumed his reading without, saying any thing more.. j it was six months since what he had justly called a silly quarrel had separated him from Alice. Marsden, a pretty, high spirited/young heiress.; A little jealousy on his aide, a little temper on hers, one sharp Word leading to" another' still more sharp, and! Philip wakened' one morning to find himself, not famous, hut free. rAlipehad returned engagement, ring,' letters, and all, thus definitely and decidedly ending his vague^diOpet^^reoontfilifiXiofii^SSb^riae most deeplywounded,he-hadmadeno ap peal/ 4ohttdinpf|to ihbrV |»ut |ha|. fturiddi hiideelfalive- id aVWelshMl bhaining himself to, desk and pen, thanking Provide^»|for a thought-con ailing, all-ahsorbi^ dccnpation. 'St" stween him andthfe writtenpage Alii tar face w<mld\hi£rudei amongst his i |md 'Ink'he^^^liw^^fMySgliire" Dmeand gof^nt^B|recogniBea the tra^ nsrehis aly^dSe^leBsenel rhen he heard^^ut Harry Heaton, former rival, , eralSpaBchleBB.; diseipat fellow, was renera|||bis suit with v; Old Mr.Tornei^ml^rinBlfirk. was i leathering ronndtt»b%onng and clevel people i and they^wdre, equally fond Ksitingat hisohKlg house—a relic st ages, with oal^|>anels * * " "■ " * " ' 'ijfche<T appy ' Latimer, whohad already scored euooess nw author, was a favorite with the old gentleman; who had set aside oneroomas a study for him; declaringthat ever after ward it should remain unaltered,, and that future generations would flock thither, as to Stratford—or Thrums. When the usual kindly invitation came, asking him ho spend the first fortnight of the New Tear with his old friend, Philip had promptly acoepted. He wee almost certain to meet Alice; and, amidst scenes of former happi ness, might hope to sue for pardon with sucoess. He could not believe that she had whollybanished him from her heart. 