Thoy Imvo developed n ghost on tlic plains near tin; "nwcet vale of Avoca."' (For the moment we tlo not recollect whether lite Victorian Avoca Ilea In tt vule, hill If It doesn't It ought to.) No hideout) thlnt' of the sort so much fa vored just now by Htory-wrlterf), who take a cnrlotiH delight In making mum mies walk out of their cases. 1ml a creature light and ethereal, fulfilling tho true and orthodox Idea of wluit a self- respecting ghost ought lo be. The exact locality is mild to he Lllicur. and tho Weird Thing "takes the form of a hotly of Shadowy Light which glidcH over the grouuil at a most rapid pace." Now for the facts or adventures:—' "Two young ladies were driving across the plains one night this week, when It appeared, causing one or them to faint. The fol lowing night two horsemen saw 11, and their horses iwctitne so frightened that they trembled and shook for over an hour. Fully a dozen people have seen It." All I ho capitals are ours. They are surely well warranted l>> the sheer brcnlhlcssiiora of the situation. What Is to become of Lllicur if this rc-vlshn- Uou of the "glimpses of the moon" Is allowed to continue? Psychical Society to the rescue! Salt Ls wanted for the tall of that ghost. The luckless folks who Invested their money In the atmospheric gas project In Sydney do not Appear lo derive any comfort from the letter sent by the pro moters from San Francisco. The two gentlemen who luCI so suddenly, at a stage when a good deal of the cash Is said to have hccti subscribed, are charmingly frank. "It ls true," they write, "Unit we preferred not to have the public know the exact date of our leaving." It Is delightfully easy to ap preciate their reticence, The voyagers declare In terms, Inelegant It may he, hut expressive, and easily undersUuidod of the HX)ple, thai somebody had "turned dog on them." And they uttur n truism which has ho often been brought home to the minds of Investors when they say, "No doubt Sydney la full or those 'I-told-you-so' fellows." Indeed, they might have added that these "fellowH" appear to have Inheri ted the earth. The writers promise to corno hack, and trlumpluratly vindicate the Intrinsic merits of utmoaphurlc gas. We arc glad to hour It, hut may be |mr- doued for entertaining a Utile Incredu lity. We reiterate what we said In this column some weeks ago, that not the least of the advantages of federaUon might lie the possibility of making such an lUTiingenieut between the Aus tralian and the United States Govern ments as would ruudcr the return of such cuterprlslug iiersons a little less dependent upon their own volition. 'Til lilt you on the uo«c yet? tluU's what I'll do for you." In this wlso it 1b that an Irritated councillor Is repor ted to have expressed himself to a' brother municipal who hod, apparently, given him the lie. Just In what degree It was given Uie report does not state, and we do not forget Mr Touclistone's gradations. "Tlmt Is hardly correct, Mr Mayor," or "I fancy that Cr I'lnyfalr la laboring under a misapprehension," differs very widely from "That Is ab solutely untrue," or "You're a con founded liar," nud iL is a pity tlmt we hnveiiT full Information as to what induced the angry one lo say, "I'll hit you ou the nose yet; that's what I'll do for you." For In Itself such an obser vation obviously contuiuH the elements of discoid. Furthermore, even In times when lrirnc Ministers set an example in the use of bellicose words followed by feeble actions. It Ls uot safe lo say tlmt you'll hit a man on the nose, or even to hint thnt you may do It "yet," unless ymi are prepared to follow the thtng up with befitting robustness of deed. The person projwsed to ixj opera ted upon may have glveu provocation uiid yet not lie unwilling to take a baud In a Uttle nd veil lure following au Invi tation to "come outside." What dread ful things these municipal councillors— say! "Cold-blooded violence" the "lie- publlque Frnncalse" would cull It. The fears entertained for the safety of the twoAmerlcan war correspondents who have fallen Into the hands of the Spanish ure not unnatural. It is thought to be quite within the liotinds of possibility tlmt the all too outerpfto lug scribes may be treated us spies. For the moment we forget whether, in accordance with national usage, this means shooting, hanging, or that parti cular Spanish method, the gurrote. It Is, we know, something eminently dis agreeable. The chlcl who goes about taking uolcs In the enemy's couotry In time of war may fancy that the press has privileges— right up to the time that he faces a firing party in the dim dawn of a fateful day. The authorities of the eouulry may Just happen to take au unpleasant view, and the word "spy," Is one of ugly significance In war time. Tlmt even the naked truth should he published about them far and wide might not suit the Royalist nulhorltlcH la Cuba. Nor do thoy put much faith In nowspnper men's veracity. A Span- IhIi proverb runs: "Locos y uluos, dlzen la verdad (Children and fools H|h?uU the truth)." We do not say that this is necessarily intended to exclude the Idea of truth In others; but there ure reasons for thinking tlmt In thu Span ish mind Just now American newspaper I>eopIe are regarded as quite outside the palo of veracity. "We entertain the hope, however, that for their own nukes the ltoyallsts in Cuba will take the greatest care of those two pressmen. Should anything befall either of them, Uncle Sam will become really angry, ami perhaps think It necessary to Hay alive a Go vernor or two— pour etieourager les mitres! The anger would be all the same however plausible the Spanish argument tliiit the war correspondents work amounted to that of spies. It Is a decidedly perilous business that of the campaign scribe, unless he keep him self, iih General Kitchener vainly com- manded uiu iiiuiguuill I'jiigunu .«»».«» pouUeuts to do, somewhere lu | the rear, there lb get uL second j hand a belated account of the J lighting. There ure Journalist prepared to accept all the risks In this or any oilier department of human af fairs; and Into what has tho press not penetrated? At the same time, experi enced persons lit nuthorlty know tlmt aa a rule the utmost confidence may he plaeed lu tho discretion of tlm war cor- resjamdeiit, to whatever nation hu may belong. Equnl reliance, too, may usual ly he placed in the conductors of public Journals. Of that fact we have some : evidence from Madrid, where in the ex cited state of the country special pre- j caulloiiti were necessary. We read, "The Spanish papers seem to lie puttlug restraint upon themselves. They' slate that they have patriotically agreed to obey the wish expressed by Hie Govern, meet ami to publish nothing respecting the movements of the army and navy." Wo wonder what wish was expressed by the Government ns to reports of tho movements ol' the Cape Ycrdo squad ron! 