WOMEN BULL-FIGHTERS I contended that there were no "new women" in Mexico-that is to flay, among the natives. Bat, 6aid my friends, triumphantly: "You come with ua to the bull-fight next Sunday and see whether there are or not, before making such wild statements. You'll find that Mexico is, if anything, ahead of your Anglo- Saxon races ?n the matter of ' new women.'" Therefore I went. The occa sion was the debut of a cimdrilla of lady bull-fighters, and a big crowd b»d con gregated out at the Bucareli bull-ring to BOO the fair senoritas. Every one was on the tip-toe of expectation until the ladies entered for the promenade, and loud was the applause when they did ap pear, certainly-'quite fetching in their torero costumes. They are rather pretty, all Spanish, and the combinations of colors they had selected were certainly all that coula.be desired. At the start off, some quite pretty work with the capa was done by Lolita and Angelita, the object of Sttieir atteution being a frisky young bulir The crowd liked this work, and applauded the senoritas loudly. After that, Angelita very bravely knelt in the ring and challenged the bull. At this every one yelled and applauded ; the band played the " Diana " over and over again, while up on the sunny side the peones shrieked " Bravo-bravo, Angelita ' " and flower*, dollars, purses, and spools of thread came rattling into the ring. Next came the landtriilas, wielded by Angelita and Enoarnacion. Owing, I suppose, to the fact that a woman's aim is never what it should be, in every case except one the handtrillas went very wide of the mark. In fact, the little torcle seemed to regard it in the light of a frolic, and frisked around in the happiest manner. The lamltrilla work was not a success, though one must say that these strong-minded .women of Mexico got muck nearer to the bull than the average new woman of America would care to"do. Thepkadores were eliminated, and so the next thing to the landerillaa was the killing! Every one was on the qui t<iv3 as Angelita took the sHtord, determined and calm. She wore a beautiful combination of purplo and silver, and looked very pretty indeed. For about four miuutes she labored with all her might, 'out the naughty little bull refused to be touched. He frisked about wildly, and made divers alarming butts at Angelita, in reply to her attentions with tho sword. Twice she was 'Vbunted" and rolled ill the dust of the ring, and, had it not been for a male, torero, who was in the ring to assist, Angelita, might have got her own quite, in place of the toro. As it was, no hann was done, except to tho bull, who received scratches and cats from Angelita's sword until he must have wondered what sort of a matador had hold of him. No doubt it was *3 much. of a surprise to him as any one else when the fair torero, finally did touch the vital spot, and the poor little toro bit the dust, and finally rolled over, dead. Again tho audience shrieked, and stamped, and bravoed, and more dollars, and flowers, and spools of thread tumbled down at tho fair - Angelita's white slippered feet. She tripped about from side to side, bowing, witli hands on her heart, to the sol and then to tho sombra. It was rather funny to see a woman up roariously applauded for work that a man would have been hissed and hooted for, but it goes to show the innate gallantry of the Mexican people. The next bull came in, and again two of tho girls teased him with the pretty capa work. In this tbey do very well. In the cloak-play there is no " aim " required, and it really, is not difficult for feminine hands. All .you have got to do is to flap the cloak at the toro, and, if he gets too near to you for comfort, dodge briskly behind a barrier. But the girls came out of the apa work without accident. The landtrilla work with this second bull was on the same line with the first-that is to say, about as bad as it could be, and even the good-natured audience could not keep from groaniug. For my part, I groaned i for the bull. They jabbed at him, and I scratched, nnd stuck h;m until it was a sight to behold. Out of the two handtrillas they sometimes placed one, and then the girls would rush offand bow, and spread out their hands in alarmed gestures at the bull, who appeared thoroughly dumfounded and -utterly at a loss to know what it all meant. Again Angelita was called upon to take the the sworil and kill the toro. With Spanish grace she bowed and beckoned, and went through all the usual prelimi nary motions, and then made the first whack at tho little bull. She aimed, from a close distance, at tho neck; naturally, the sword took the animal straight in the ribs. The bull went for her, head down, horns out, and evidently with the idoa of doing murder. If the man bull- fighter. " El Negrito," bad not been in tho ring just then, no one would have known what happened, Angelita having lost ber sword. It took quite a time to get the bull sufficiently smoothed down to give him '.mother thrust, which took him in the neck, near enough to the vital spot to tumble him. But hB was by no means done for, and it was only after soma sharp work that the little bull gavo up the ghost and stretched himself out on tho sand. The decorated white mules dragged him out a moment after, auiid the " plaudits of the crowd," to join his eompadra outside in the corral, whence next day would be sold nice beefsteaks and " rosbif." So good-by bull ! The third bull was brought in, and the capa work commenced again, but we did not atop longer. I admitted that the "now women " of the United States were not " in it" with the so-oallei too feminine and cowardly women of Mexico. Because where is the strong-minded American female who will, single-handed or with the help of " El Negrito,"for that matter face, and torment, aud kill a bull as did thess intrepid females? -Extranjero, in tho 4 * Argonaut," San -Francisoo. City of Mexico, March, 1898. 