CURRENT TOPICS. A Crying Shake. Something of a "sleepy hollow" seems to exist on Rottnest Island, where the attendants or guar- dians of the native prisoners are con cerned. As to the conditions enjoyed by the prisoners they, according to appear ances, may be anything rather than restful. The probabilities, indeed, seem to incline in the other direction. Such are certainly the conclusions to be derived from the inquest held last week on the death <-f the man Niger. He had com plained of being ill two hours before his death occurred, but the superintendent — self-styled " nominal superintendent." — who should have been informed at once, was told nothing of the matter until the man was dead. The night warder, said the superintendent, was not a particularly bright man, and he did not think he knew his duty. As for the inspector of prisons, he said, during the past seven years, he had been only once seen on the island, and f that was when he went there to hang a 1 man. We conclude, however, that the I official in question was not identical on K the occasion with " Jack Ketch," but acted through a medium. B # # # The jury added to their verdict — con- firming the medical evidence that the man had died from an affection of the liver — three riders, of which the most iin- portant was one condemning the cells as affording insufficient accommodation for the number confined there, that is, in ech W three adult prisoners. The loose disci- pline was also condemned, and reformation recommended. # # # # Nothing transpired actually to show that there was otherwise ill-treatment of the prisoners — though the neglect in the instance referred to was somewhat sug gestive. Neglect and stupidity may some times be accountable for a good deal of suffering. To crowd prisoners, even natives, together, however, is inexcusable. It is, besides, returning to a former state of things on which the present generation looks back with shame and revulsion. The exposure that has been made, it is to be hoped, will be sufficient to have matters set to rights. # # The Inspector of Prisons, even though the attraction of an execution may be wanting, should put in a more frequent appearance. The wits of warders should be shaken up, and those of them possess ing no wits should be relegated to some other sphere. Above all, full breathing room should be provided — more especially for prisoners used to passing their lives in the open air. Two hundred cubic feet of space is now allotted instead of 700, the sanitary minimum. The credit of the community in general is at stake in the matter, and no delay in connection with it should be permitted. Military glory, then, is A Soldier's in request among us. We Cravings. are to secure a full measure of it at any cost. We are even to demand of Colonel Wilson that he shall consent to sacrifice his chance of a soldier's grave in some gully on the Indian frontier, so as to train up our young braves in the way they should go. # # # # Such is the lesson to be derived from a deputation that waited last week on the Premier to urge the prolongation of the Commandant's term of service here. And, in fact, after all, there is not so much Tcudos to be gained by becoming food for the powder of some outlandish man of colour, God knows where. That is a death quite unworthy of any man with the soul of a hero in him, as, no doubt, is the case with Colonel Wilson. Are we not given to understand, for instance, that it comes out even, for instance, in the well-matured stand of the men who practice the goose- step under the Colonel's directions ? Any other Commandant it seems, according to the " oderous " comparisons made by mem bers of the deputation, had only been able to get them to stand, as it were, like goslings. Colonel Haynes, for example, testified, in effect, that it had been so in his own case, but that, thanks to Colonel Wilson, he was now full- fledged. # # # # There, however, was Colonel Gardiner, also a member of the deputation, who promised that if the Commandant would only stay here, a chance might be given him of seeing active service on the spot — and, we suppose, of falling like a soldier under our noses to the great admiration of us all. A monument, too, to the gallant memory would handsomely and very appropriately handsel the new Masonic Temple. It would also be an additional inducement, according to Bishop Riley's prayer the other day, for the Great Architect of the Universe to give the departed soul a more honoured place in Valhalla. # # Still even for the sake of retaining Colonel Wilson, and reserving him for something better than being shot by a nigger, we do not know that it would be quite desirable to see the promise referred to fulfilled. Besides it does not always follow that the best equipped volunteers show themselves perfect in spirit when called upon to face the real enemy. There, for example, were the famous North Corks. What could be finer than their drill and accoutrements, finished off — like our own lads, no doubt, under the martial eye of Colonel Wilson — in the best style of the British Army ? But did not they skip out of bed when the French landed in Killala and run, without a stitch on them but their nightshirts, all the way to Athlone? Nothing can be more risky than to bring untried forces, particularly under an untried leader, into contact with men whose rifles are not loaded with blank cartridges only. Let us hope then that the Commandant may not receive his baptism of "fire among ourselves. Some one more used to the whiz of the bullet would, under the cir cumstances, be the more reliable chief. # # # # But, as we have said, there is nothing just now to call very imperatively for the Commandant's departure. The more hon ourable place to see a shot fired for the first time is on some European battle field. Col. Wilson would be quite out of his element and might much better be engaged in teaching the young idea among ourselves to shoot at targets than in exposing his valour to be slapped at from behind a rock somewhere in the neighbour hood of the Khy ber Pass. No doubt the Commandant's friends had reason to cal culate, when they went on their deputation that he would, at least if he were very urgently pressed, await the more brilliant opportunity. As that opportunity, more over, is not likely to occur, if it ever does so, for some considerable period, we shall have full time to l'eceive all the glory that Colonel Wilson can confer upon us. The Gothenburg system, New Liquor then, is to have a trial on Laws. a very extensive scale. The Russian Government, we are told, has determined on assuming a monopoly of the liquor trade. What the reason for the new departure is we are not told. Possibly the anti-Semite movement of recent years has had something to do with it. The public-houses had, so far, for the most part been in the hands of Jews. Possibly, the Orthodox who replaced them were not found so satisfactory in their management. Or it may be that the trade, having still remained the perquisite of the Jews, the Government takes this way of manifesting its disfavour towards them. # # # # Meantime, something like a Government monopioly is reported from another quarter. Four thousand bottles of the brandy of the country, or " Cape smoke," as it is more familiarly called, that had been confiscated by the Transvaal courts, were recently sold at auction by the Government of the Re public, being knocked down at 3d per bottle for native consumption. Treatment by Cape smoke, which is a sure poison, was, however, not many years ago proposed with some seriousness in the local Parlia ment as a remedy for the colored nuisance at the Cape. The humanity of British colonists in fact, had not much to learn in the matter from the piety of Paul Kruger. # # At any rate total abstinence and pro hibition advocates will now have an oppor tunity of varying their time- honored repeti tions by a new and more extensive ex ample. The London Telegraph Freemasonry seems to revive the old in London, tradition connected with the building of Cologne Cathedral. The Telegragh asserts that the foundation of that and other Cathedrals was Masonic. But the tradition was that the plan of Cologne Cathedral had been drawn by the devil — to whom the supposed archi tect had sold his soul. If Masonry had anything to do with the matter it must be admitted that the old tradition was not without its substratum of truth. # # # # De mortuis nil nisi bonum. We do not know that this is a motto which should always be obeyed. It is not, however, right to belie the dead and ascribe to them evil for which they were not accountable. The old craftsmen who built the cathedrals of Cologne and Strasburg and the others were no forerunners of the Masons of to-day. They were Catholics so faithful, so true to their faith, that the glory of serving it was alone sufficient for them, and they cared only to survive by their work, in the eye of God — not by their names in the eyes of men. They left no record to identify them individually with the grandeur of the piles they raised. It is cruel to their memory to associate them with a sect, who, if they could, would tear down those shrines and trample on their ruins out of enmity to the faith that raised them. # # # # The Telegraph report referred to deals with the recent Masonic celebration in St. Paul's. Freemasonry, too, resembles Angli canism in claiming a descent that is not its own, looking back, as we see, to an antiquity that would spurn it as heretical and soul betraying. We may, on the other hand, admit that it is a glory proper to the Order that, as mentioned also by . the Telegraph, King William III was affiliated to it. The murderer of De Witte, the mid night assasin of Glencoe, the knave and schemer of Darien, and the perjurer of Limerick, adds, no doubt, by the memory of his membership, an appropriate lustre to the sect. The writer in the Telegraph, who seems to have suffered badly on the occasion from spectral illusions, tells us that the " craft, clothing, and quaint badges," of the " remarkable congregation " suggested " the ghosts of old beliefs." The embodiment of new unbelief was, rather, that which might be apparent to the saner eye. There was not even the ghost of a Christian belief present, although there was, with some further spoilings, what Henry VIII., its originator, called a "spoiled Mass" — that is the service of the Church of England. The word " ghost," howevex, implies some idea of identity. # « # # Whether or not, meantime, the tradition of Cologne be accepted, the absence of ghosts was supplied by a presence much more to the point. The report in the Tele- False graph concludes with a Pretences. palaver about King Solo mon's Temple, which winds up, in effect, with the specious pre tence that the end of Freemasonry is brotherly love and benevolence and all the rest of it. But the London Times a few years ago, in a leader, acknowledged that this was a false claim, aad that benevo lence was not the end or raison d'etre of the sect. # # # ' # . In what way, too, do they manifest their benevolence ? — " Ca' hie and I'll ca' thee." That's it. They help one another, and destroy independence and honesty in doing so. Small help there is in them for anyone outside the order. It is, in fact, the other way. Everyone knows that it is vain, where the order exists in force to compete with a Mason. They have charitable institutions, too, for their own distressed members or their relations or survivors; but none for any-one else. Nay, an incident was related, for example, of the Franco-German war as greatly to their credit, which, 011 the other hand, proved that a Mason will, on occasion be a traitor or a murderer, as he has a Mason or another to deal with. An officer, it was said, was about to shoot an enemy on the battle field, but o:<i receiving from him the Masonic sign, he turned away his pistol and fraternally embraced him. lie was therefore a traitor if his duty demanded of him to kill the man. He would have been a murderer if it did not and the man had not been a Mason. # # # The Telegraph, as we have said, claims that their spirit of benevolence has de scended to the Masons from the days of Solomon's Temple. It is certainly not that of the better covenant, when the Samari tan who succours the stranger and seeks no return is the pattern. In its pretences, relative to both past and present, Free masonry is deceitful and false. Dr. Zillmann has been " Some say the this week a little bit Devil's Dead." out of season. Killing the devil is a sport for Hallowe'en, and that's gone by this two months. Three times, as quick as you can run, around a hayrick with a carving linife in your hand — alee, of course, and at midnight, — and if he does not catch you, you have him the third time, stuck to the heart in the hay. An hour or two's prosing is, in comparison, but a slow way of doing the job. And then, as we say, the Doctor was out of season. It need surprise nobody to find the old boy as much alive and kicking as he was when the Doctor tackled him. # # # # The devil, besides, does not care two pence for all that rechauffe. Nay, he knows that, if anything, it would be right into his hand. People that were not well informed enough to know that the Doctor was talking stuff and nonsense might be brought by it more readily within his reach. "Priest-craft" and "persecution" and the " dark ages," and all the vest of it. Was Dr. Zillman guying his congregation by talking such trash ? Belief in future punishment, as he must know very well, is a primeval tradition of mankind. No hell, for example, was more horrible than that painted by Homer or Yirgil. That a belief in it, moreover, is quite consistent with the most illuminated tenets of modern scepticism, there are many illustrations to prove. Theophile Gautier, for instance, a notable leader of the school, would not for anything stay in the dark by himself, and, even in the broad light of day he was panic stricken at the thought of what might happen to him after death. # # # # But the fact that Dr. Zillman's effort at demolishment attracted a large audience in itself shows the sneaking fear that disturbs the rest of our own enlightened ones. Every man Jack present, chairman and all, would have been infinitely relieved had the Doctor been able to exhibit the corpse. Then they would have felt, at long last, their own masters, and out of harm's way. As to the superstitition, meantime, of by gone ages, to talk of this in the agp of Mr. Stead's ghosts, of millions of spiritua lists, and of fortune tellers crowding all our streets, is rank impudence. # # However, as we have said, Dr. Zillman was out of season. He had let his oppor tunity slip, and Old Nick has been respited for nearly another year. Till Hallowe'en comes round again, there is not a chance of getting a rap at him, and there will be no relief for the Doctor's following. Let the Doctor then be r< ady with his carving knife and his hayrick and who knows ? He will, however, have to be surer on his legs than he is with his tongue, and smarter too — which is more to the point. Run Doctor, run devil, and the devil take the hindmost! In a sketch of the White Varieties. Feather, contributed by a correspondent to the Colonial Goldfields Gazette of November 27th. there is narrated an incident, told around the camp fire by a certain miner- It related to a narrow escape he had re cently had of death from thirst. He and his mate had been for some time in straits- for water, some " niggers " they met with refusing to help them. " Finally," writes the correspondent, " they captured a ' gin '" and tied her up to a tree in the sun, but they had to keep her there for two days before she consented to lead them to the ' water." This incident seems not to be without a bearing on the question now prominent as to the treatment of the aborigines. # # # # In the action for libel brought against John Norton, editor of Sydney Truth, by Mr. Carruthers, a member of the Reid Ministry, the jury have disagreed. On Norton's return from Armidale, where the case was tried, to Sydney, he was cheered by the populace. The case will be heard again next April. The interval for Car ruthers, against whom charges of gross immorality had been brought, will not be a pleasant one. Norton, on the contrary, whose chosen pastime seems to be a libel action, or the preparation for it, appears to have stumbled at last upon a cattse celebre.. # # One of our Perth contemporaries com plains of the condition in which foreign cable messages are received in its office. " A corrupt Greek text," we are told " is- child's play in comparison with a Western Australian telegram." Incidentally we learn with much interest that a mute, in glorious Porson is among us. # # # # A 'report comes from New Zealand that Messrs Reeves and Seddon will exchange places as respectively Agent-General and. Premier. No exchange could well be worse. Reeves has social qualifications for his office, a necessity in London, which in Seddon are totally wanting. Seddon lias genialty and worth, necessities in a Colonial Premier, that are completely defective in Reeves. # # # # The jubilee of " The Last Rose of Summer," we are told, was celebrated in Vienna on November 25. That is the jubilee was celebrated of Flotow's opera of " Martha," of which — not Moore's melody, but the ancient Irish air, to which it is set — " author and date unknown," as Bunting writes, forms the chief gem. Some bard it was who gave Flotow an air to redeem the lesser prettiness of hismusic- His centenary has, perhaps, come and gone for more than a thousand years. His name and fame are lost in the grey mists of old. His glory, however, still abides with Ireland. # # # # Mr. Samuel Stead, P.M., No. 4 United. Grand Lodge of N.S.W., writes to one of the Perth dailies in great concern lest the English leaven should be given undue pro portion in the Masonic mixture. Mr. Stead explains that there are colonial lodges and a Scotch constitution, and an Irish ditto, and he disagrees with the Governor that English Freemasonry is to- have a leading place. Mr. Stead, never theless, is an English man. He is, how ever, a Scotch Mason. A Mason being a man, therefore — for they say no women are admitted to the craft, by reason of their not being able to keep a secret — it is mathematically demonstrable that Mr- Stead must be both Scotch and English- And it must be admitted that to be Scotch and English both at one and the same time may have its drawbacks. Cauld kail and bannocks mashed up with roast beef' and plum pudding must inevitably derange the stomach. No wonder the poor " P.M." should be disgruntled. Mr. Stead, how ever, sees a way out of the agony, both for himself and the Governor. It is to be neither English nor Scotch, but Masonic merely. That, Mr. Stead evidently thinks,, would be a perfect cure — better even than a dose of jalap. In any case Ave wish him well out of his trouble, particularly since- it is chronic. Young Mr. Curran is mentioned as one- of the most promising pupils of Larry Foley, the Australian pugilist. The quiet gentleman is at present one of the Home- Rule party, and sits in the House of Commons for North Donegal. Not only can he be trusted to fight his oavu corner,, but he is an excellent all-round athlete. That, however, is not the only thing on Avhicli he could pride himself if so minded,, for he is a capital debater, and can score points with the tongue as well as the fist,, having taken a gold medal for oratory at a college club in his native Antipodes. He is an Oxford man here, and is reading foiv the Bar, at which he expects to be called in an approaching term. 