THE SKETCHED. TWO FBOGS. BY JlABt-L SWTT. Down at the far end of die garden stood a tub which had originally been intended for flowers. With the heat at 120deg. under an iron verandah, the flowers had died. The tub still held soil. It stood in a wilderness of mint and thyme. The races had been held in pimpro spects the day before. Sandy and Fairy, who had been taken to see them, returned full of a resolve to hold frog races. Sandy made a course in the tub in imitation of Dimprospects. The booth was the first thing erected; the Chinee cook's canvas slipper tilted sideways, and propped up with sticks. A jam tin, with scores of little black ants running in and out, was thrust through a stick which was stuck in the soil, and it did duty for the judge'e-box. Sandv stuck geraniums around the tub to mart the course; and he made the jumps of pieces of bark an inch high, fixed in place by light sticks driven into the soil. Then the two chums went hunting for frogs. Several were discovered under a heap of stones beside an uivrooted gum-tree, where water lav in a hole beside the tree. Sandv gave rairy first choice. She chose a fat frog, Sandy a slim one. He told Fairy she had made a mistake. " E ain't got the ghost o* a show beside this thin frog. Croakin's moren 'is line. I'm goin' to call my 'un Mr. Johnstone, arter the man that rides so far playin' cricket. lle'6 long and thin like 'im." "I'm going to call mine Mr. Sinclair, be cause he's fat and kind-looking." "Mr. Sinclair 'as more go in im than that frog," said Sandy. "I seen 'im get out o'hia buggy quicker tfian Mrs. Fusabout, who's a fat 'un too." "I'm not going to call my Uog Mrs. Fus about," said Fairy. The two frogs were brought to the course in a salt-bottle. Sandy was now on his ragged knees trying to catch Mr. Johnstone, who had got loose. Fairy tipped Mr. Sinclair out, and she dropped with a quawk at the start-post, perfectly happy aad contented. There was something benevolent in Mr. Sin clair's chubby face, and in his expansive underneath part. Sir. Johnstone exhibited energy. Sandy was obliged to hold him back with a i pronged stick, pinning him to the ground. Mr. Johnstone lacked and struggled until the dust flew. Mr. Sinclair shut one eye to avoid the dust. "It's a darn pity we ain't got two fat 'uns," said Sandy, "things 'ud be equal. Xow, prick yer frog on the tail with the straw, and let fly." Fairy pricked. Mr. Sinclair seemed to enjoy the sensation, merelv winking his eye; not an inch did he budge. Sanay re leased Mr. Johnstone, who cleared the sides of the tub with a single bound, landing in a hedge of rosemaiy, where reposed a sit ting hen. The sitting hen resented the liberty, and drove the thin frog through the wild; hyacinths and matted grass towards the j river. Sandy tried to stop Mr. Johnstone with bis torn straw hat. The frog slipped through a' gap in the crown. But at length j Sandy captured him, and bore him back, j "Now then, Fairy, said Sandy, "just you send Mr. Sinclair round to show Mr. John stone what to do. Prick his tail!" Fairy touched the fat frog hesitatingly. "I can't, Sandy, it makes his tail sore." Sandy took the straw from Fairy. "What with holdin' this darn frog, and prickin' tother's tail, I've got all the work to do. Wlnst!" Sandy's prick made Mr. Sinclair hop three times. But it was no use. Mr. Sin clair had no intention of racing. Mr. John stone was willing, but with an opponent that wanted to go to sleep there was no fun. The fat frog yawned and flicked a grass-seed off his eyelid with one finger. Then he settled down to enioy a croak. Sandy's mouth fell. He looked at Fairy. "I did hear tell," he said, "that talkin' frogs and magpies in the house brings iil luck." "Mr. Sinclair is only laughing because we call him Mister when he's a girl frog, per haps." That ain't it. Mother said uncanny reptiles is got the devil in 'em. If yer break a devil's snuff-box inter the eyes o' a talkin' frog, it drives out the bad luck." The chums carried out the ceremony with a devil's snuff-box? growing near the tub. The fat frog banned his eye and looked up with an injured expression. The chums were so engrossed waiting for the devil to come out that thev failed to notice the approach of Ah Ti with one shoe and a bare foot in search of his missing slipper. It was only when his shadow passed over the tub that the chums looked up and saw him advancing upon them. "What for you takee my slipper? Me takee your flogs, makem pie. Ah! fine feller, one big gleen feller!" I Ah Ti walked off with Mr. Sinclair end Mr. Johnstone Sandy and Faiiy followed him to the kitchen. A man of importance was Ah Ti; Sandy and Fairy let him take fhe frogB without a word. Ah Ti placed the captives on the second «helf of-the dresser; thev hopped around the salt bottle and smelt danger. The chums kept their eyes on the frogs and Ah Ti by turns. Then, they sat down upon the flonr-bin to think out a plan. All Ti showed he had no intention of leaving the kitchen. He took a seat on the bucket-oench, after' placing the frogs on the table in e pickle bottle before him. I "Welly ni' nogs." I Sandy and Fairy pinched eacli other in silent indignation. Ah Ti was, to all appearances, locked up for the night. ? "Sandy, said Fairy, "you know those brown sticks that came up for Ah Ti in the coach?" Fairy tried by gestures to make him understand that tnis remark was only a "try on," "What of 'em? said Sandy. "It's that stuff that's spelt with 0, and makes people dream of devils and things." Then, in a stage whisper, loud enough for Ah Ti to hear, she said- I took it and hid the parcel away down on the billabong under that fallen green tree. Father said it's wrong to smoke those sticks." Ah Tie underwent a change. He slipped off the form and went towards the river. Hailf an hour later, Fairy, Sandv, And two green frogs sat amongst the rushes watch ing the futile efforts of the Chinaman to find bis opium packet. " The big bell at the homestead was ring ing . Ah Ti jogged' homewards, muttering something in Chinese on the -way. "Did you hide the parcel?" Sandy atiked of Fairy.' "No; I told a Btory. It is in the office cupboard." : I ''You'll die, tare-pop, Fairy, for teUin' lies," Mid Sandy, "Yotl'll turn to « pillow 0f «M»" " :... r. 