TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT A SYDNEY MAN, PALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE '? IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERES TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FEYING-PAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burned in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for. .Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after be was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from loromotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighborhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumours that a special reporter from the Sydney ' Worker ' was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old ? baby, and' his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door, Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. . . . In reply to the preliinary ques tions he said :— ' You want to know all about my case?'' Welli I ,am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering ?' 'Well, twelve months ago I got go had thnt I had to leave off work, and have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and alter four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms ?' ' Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as van- as I could bear. They were for an the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and' could neither eat nor sleep' On the 23rd March last I saw a Avell«known doctor, and lie told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he,gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' 'Did you make use of the order?' No; I, came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I; could not walk across the floor ? in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a qufstion of days when I /would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the con elusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by p?culiar disturbances' of gait, and difficulty in co - ordinat ing voluntary * movements. He told me that I might, last for ?ten years, and tha,t 1 might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion ib not infallible.) Well,' just as a drowniug man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the 'Aus- tralian Workman,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertise ment of n case whioh seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box.. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I ivas able to eat and dleep as though nothing was the matter with me. . It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there ? , They are perfectly new, and I have never used, them. They were made Tor me before T, got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but 1 was too weak to usq them, and now I don't want them.' ' He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken tie. baby on her knees/ ' The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have - saved ' his life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looted ten rears younger that day than he did a fortnisrht previous. \\. '? I can now,' continued Jarvis, ' hare a cold bath, and all the feeling has c- me buck into my leys. I ascribe all the- change aud benefL to Dr. Wiliinms' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the . mantelpiece there is box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quito a Bensation out here.' Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this coun try of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. ? They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an iuipovished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the baok.nervous headache', etc. f Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen,' leader of the Labor Party in tha N..S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed- ridden, and that there was little chance of recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable.' Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like every one else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtain able from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Perth, Y/.A., who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or pdst order, one box for 3s., or half dozen or 15s.' 9d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams', are gotten. 