H|« jltonjteH!!]. TP OAKLEY GHOST. CHAPTER I. 'Well I must say this is a most delightful house, Mrs. Emly-Stevens,'' said Mrs. Wilmot. 'Quite worth while coming oil the way from town only to see it, to say nothing of spending Christ mas in it.' Mrs. Wilmot, sMIl in her travelling cloak, sat back in ner chair eippteg her tea and looking round the hall, in whioh moBt of the honBe party ' Yes, I knew you wore not afraid or each rumours,' said Mrs. Emily-Stevens, 'because you go in for Psychical ^Re search and so on. So yon won't mind sleeping in the west corridor.' 'That's just the sort of experience I have always longed for,' said Mrs. Wil mot 'Oh, you are a member of the Psy chical Research Society 7' asked Miss Bosanquet, sitting on the wide fender and looking at Mrs. Wilmot. 'Well, you see I must have some in terest in life ; a woman must do some thing nowadays. I am not an old woman yet. One isn't old at iive-and-twenty.' Miss Bosanquet looked across at Jimmy Spicer, who was fumbliDg at his cigarette case and held up her ten fingers, surreptiti. ously— three separate times. Jimmy Spicer smiled and nodded. But Mrs. Wilmot did not notice the telegraphic operation, having turned her i'aoe deliber ately into the full light. She showed a perfect complexion, and a mass of dark auburn hair under her close fitting travel ing hat. Mrs. Wilmot did not fear the light. It is only those whose com plexion is evil that fear the light. 'And I am really interested in a ghost ?—a reputed ghost,' continued Mrs. Wilmot. 'You won't mind if I prove it to be a fraud 7' ' Not in the least. I shall be very glad,' said Mrs Emly-Stevens. 'Only if you should by any chance feel fright ened—or even nervous— remember there will be a lot of people within hail. There will be a second bed in your room thai your maid can have, if you like. And Major Carter will have the room next to yours.' 'Major Carter ! Is he coming 7' said Mrs. Wiloact. 'Certainly, my dear,' said Mrs. Emly SteVens, 'When he heard you were to spend Christmas here he just jumped at tbe invitation. You see, it would be awfully lonely for him over at Barton Manor.' ' I hadn't tho least idea,' said Mrs. Wilmot, putting down her teacup. 'I believe that was Major Carter who drove np five minutes ago,' said Miss Bosanquet, watching Mrs. Wilmot oloBely. It was commonly-deported that Miss Bosanquet, who was an eminently modern damsel, had practically proposed to the Major without effect. 'Yea, it is Carter,' stid Jimmy Spicer, as the Major walked into the hall. 'Just in time to defend his character. And a character like yours takes a lot of defending, eh, old boy 7' Major Carter, a well-set- up man on the right side of forty, shook hands with his hoBtess, and exchanged greetings with the rest of the gueBts. His entry, and that of Mr. Emly- Stevens, who had driven him over from Barton Manor, caused a general movement of the party, and presently the Major found himself —quite accidentally— Bitting apart with Miss Bosanquet. ' Well,' she said, 'you haven't dis appointed Mrs. Wilmot 7' 'What do you mean 7' asked Major Carter. ' Ob, anyone can see that she came down on purpose to meet you,' ' That is nonsense,' said the Major, ' because she has—' And then tbe Major bit his lip. ' She has come down to meet the ghost you think 7' said Miss Bosomquet, as her eyes travelled over Major Carter's stal wart form. Major Carter laughed. ' You don't understand,' he said, and strolled over to meet Mrs. Wilmot, who was on the way to tbe staircase which led op to the floor above. ' You are here !' she said in a low voice. 'Obviously,' he said, blocking her way. 'You knew I wn9 coming ?'' 'That was why I came.' ' And after what— what I told you 7' 'You only told mo you wouldn't merry toe.' ' That I wouldn't marry anyone. I told you twice.' 'Well, a man nover gives up hope till ho has been refused three times. ' ' And suppose I refuse you again now 7 ' 1 Tlie rest -of the party wero chattering were assembled. 'Oh, it's comfortable enough,' said Mrs. Emly-Stevens, 'but so awfully out of the way.' ??Comfortable!' said Mrs. Wilmot, looking about her again at the . di screetly lighted hall, the generous set tees, the blazing fire, and thinking of her flat in Bayswater. 'All the modern improvements,' said Miss Bosanquet, stooping down and picking up another muffin from the dish which stood in the big fireplace. 'Bath- rooms, electric bells, and — last, but not least/ a ghost. Ghosts are getting so scarce nowadays.' ' 'Oh, Blanch!' said Mrs. Emly Stevens. ' What, a real ghost 7 ' asked Mrs. Wilmot, with much interest. 'Oh, it's only Blanche's nonsense,' said Mrs. Emly- Stevens. 'There is a sort of tradition that Oakley Hall has a ,ghost, and now and then the servants ? have complained of noises in tbe west corridor. But no one has ever seen any thing.' 'Ah, footsteps, without any visible feet,' said Mrs Wilmot. ' I have often heard of them. It would be interesting to find out — ' about i he hall, and no one but Miss Bosanquet noticed tbe colloquy in under tones at the foot of the stairs. The Major and Mrs, Wilmot looked into each other's eyes for a moment. With one hand she held her cloak, the other rested on the balustrade. With a sud den movement the Major laid his hand on hers. ' I haven't asked you for the third time yet, Gertrude,' he said. 'Whon I do — you won't refuse me.' She drew her hand away, after a moments hesitation, and went slowly up the stairs. It was a merry company which met that evening at dinner ; for the house party had been carefully selected by Mrs. Emly-Stevens, and there was not a single bore among them. Major Cai ter was separated by some distance from Gertrude Wilmot, and bad Miss Bosanquet under his care. But some thing he had seen in Mrs. Wi. mot's eyes gave him hope that his third aBsault upon her heart would carry the fortress. He determined that the attack should not be delivered until every precaution had been taken fo ensure victory, and permit ted himself to be amused by his com panion, who told scandalous stories con cerning their mutual acquaintances with a vivaoity charming in a dinner-table' neighbour, bat somewhat less pleasing so the Major reflected, in a companion for life. Meanwhile Jimmy Spicer was recounting to Mrs. Wilmot the story of the Oakley Hall ghost, with certain em bellishments suggested by a lively im agination. The uneasy spirit was that of the wife of a former owner, who, some where in the sixteenth century, had been suspected of infidelity by her husband, and had been deliberately starved to death. ' She never appears,' conoluded Jimmy Spicer, 'but you can hear her feet pattering along by your Bide, just aB though she was lonely and wanted com pany.' ' It is excellent material for a ghost Btory,' said Mrs. Wilmot. ' But I thought ghosts were not ^allowed to walk at Christmastime. Don't you remember that passage in 'Hajolet' about the cock crowing all night, and so on 7' 'That is quite a mistake said Jimmy Spicer. 'As a matter of fact, spirits are let out at Christmas time for a treat — a sort of Christmas holiday, you know.' 'Well, anyway. I don't suppose I shall hear anything'' eaid Mrs. Wilmot. 'When you really try to investigate these supposed manifestations they never mani fest themselves. When the Psychicial Research Society tries to track down a ghost it always turns out to be rats— or pure imagination.' It was close upon midnight when the ladies began to disperse to their rooma, leaving the men to a final game of pool, a final cigar, and a final whiakey.and-soda in the billiard room. Major Carter had had half-an-hour's tete-a-tete with Ger trude Wilmot- BHt he had talked only of indifferent subjects, He had been in love with her for more than a year ; but he was old enough to have learned how to go to work warily ; and he was far too prndent to risk his last chance by precipitancy. MrB Wilmot's room was situated in the west corridor, to which, entrance was given through a pair of heavy curtains which faced the summit of the broad staircase leading- from the hall. Before she reached her own room Mrs. Wilmot passed two doors, one of which she sup posed to be the room assigned to Major Carter, It was, after all, a comfort to have a man within hailing distance, she reflected with a slight shiver as she passed down the dimly lighted corrider to her own room at the end. Inside, however, the candles were lighted, giving quite a cheerful aspect to the wainscotted room, with it3 heavy old oak furniture, and Parkins, her maid, was awaiting her mistress, and mending a piece of torn lace upon her dressing gown, having unpacked her trunks and laid all her requisites ready for use. Mrs. Wilmot undressed in leisurely faBhion, lingering now and again by the fire, which blazed in the hearth, and listening- to Parkins' comments on the men, women, and things of Oakley Hall. Fir Parkins was a discreet serving woman, and privileged accordingly. But all the time, in the back of her mind, Gertrude Wilmot was thinking of tbe faithless w;fe, who, more than two cen turies ago, had been starved ito death — had died, possibly, on the very spot on whioh she stood. And even then, while Parkins was there, and tbe catadles were alight, and the fire was blazing, her scientific interest in ghost lore was enough to make her hope for a visit — just the ghost of a visit — from the uneasy spirit of the unhappy wifo. It would make such an excellent first-hand story for the Society, and tbe Society always suffers from a dearth of first-hand stories. (To be Continued) 