From Everywhere. The Rev. J. A. Walsh was accorded a very hearty welcome to Wentworth. The Mayor (Mr. W. Bowing) presided at the social, and by a felicitous speech introduced Mr. Walsh to the audience, amongst whom was the' liev. Father Shaw. The opportunity was also taken advantage of to extend a welcome to the the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Overend, who were on their way to Mildura, to which circuit Mr. Overend has just been appointed. Messrs. Walsh and Overend suitably acknowledged the compliments paid to them, and refreshments having been served, a really pleasant function was brought to a close. * * * The Methodist Church in South Australia has just sustained a very severe loss in the sudden death of the Hon. W. Haslam, M.L.C., which sad event happened at his residence, Unley Park, Adelaide, as the result of an apoplectic seizure. The hon. gentleman was a useful member of our Church, and sat in the last Adelaide General Conference ; he was 48 years of age, and leaves a wife and seven children. His brother is the Rev. James Haslam, of Melbourne. * * * The President of the Queensland Conference (Rev. W. H. Youngman) — the first united Conference under Methodist Union in Australia, has issued an ' Open letter to the Methodist ministers of Queensland.' Mr. Young man, after stating that the success or otherwise of this great experiment will depend under God on ' the spirit and aim we cherish while the transition is being made ' says that ' an evident blessing was given to us at the last Conference in the gracious spirit of brotherliness and devout feeling that prevailed.' He then proceeds to point out that there will be much need for gentleness and patience while circuit amalgamations are being made, and urges all to seek in earnest prayer as a people the renewed and increased gift of the Holy Ghost. * # * Last year a cyclone destroyed the Wesleyan Church at Nhill, in Victoria. It also damaged the Bible Christian Church in the same place. The follow ing Sunday the two congregations worshipped together in the public school. This was an introduction to each other. After the late Wesleyan Conference resolved upon Union in 1902, the subject of local union was revived, as the Wesleyans were still I without a church. Just then the Bible Christian minister resigned, and a very sensib e thing was done. Instead of calling out another minister, they approached the Wesleyan authorities, and have arranged for local union under the charge of the Wesleyan minister. Business-like precautions are taken on behalf of each body, and as the district is impoverished by drought, great relief will be felt. The Bible Christian church will be enlarged, instead of building a new Wesleyan church. Who shall now say, ' The Lord was not in the wind?' One genuine union like this, says the N. Z. Advocate, is worth a dozen mere Conference arrangements. ♦ ♦ * A social was held in the, Wesleyan Church, 'Tenterfield, on 11th inst,, as a ' send off' to Mr. and Mrs. Crisp sen., who are leaving Tenterfied on a holiday trip to England. There was a large attendance, every seat in the church being filled, the programme of music was excellent, the decorations were beautiful and the refreshments left noihing to be desired. Complimentary speeches were made by the Rev. B. Lane and Mr, J. H. Roper, who bore testimony to the very high regard in which the guests of the evening were held. Mr. and Mrs. Crisp both returned thanks for the honour conferred upon them. * * * The Corowa Band of Hope Meeting on the 5th inst., was very successful. An entertaining programme of recita tions and dialogues interspersed by several temperance hymns and addresses by the President, Rev. A. T. Huggart, B.A., and Mr. Kennedy was carried out. * * The report of the Y.M.C.A. for 1897 tells a story of good work done during the year in the physical, intellectual, and moral culture of the young men of the city. The manifold agencies of the Association have been maintained with regularity and success, and the report expresses gratification in the review of the past year, and hope and confidence as to the future We congratulate the veteran and indefatigable Secretary on the work being done by the Association, - on the tasteful and attractive report' he has issued, and .on the formidable list of subscriptions which tells of the in terest of the public in the work. 