READY T0_PERISH. Clarence Mansfield stood under the'clear, autumn moonlight in a secluded spot in Hyde Park, a homeless, hopeless, Stricken man. He was filled with despair too deep for words, and the most bitter thought in his heart was that lie had been brought to this terrible pass by his own mad folly. The quiet stars shone above him ; and the night winds sighed mournfully through the trees and amid the long grass as the despairing man moved slowly along, and then sunk upon a seat with a groan. A sound struck his ear—the hour called aloud by many clocks. He mechanically drew from his pocket a handsome gold watch, and by the uncertain light regarded its face. Aa he re placed the watch in bis pocketabitter smile crossed his pale face. " What matters the our 1" he said aloud. The mun was in that lonely e|iot with a fearful purpose—he had come there to die. Yes, in that solitary spot be intended to take the life that had grown an intolerable burden, too heavy to be borne, a curse instead of a blessing. It had come to this : be, a man in the first bloom of manhood, no longer wished to live. Disgraced by his own actions, he had no courage to face the world he knew— rather would he leap unbidden into eternity, and brave the perils he knew not. He drew forth a revolver,and placed it upon the seat beside him, where it lay with a passing ray of moonlight falling through elmleaves, and glinting on its polished surface like the smile of an evil spirit, sinister and. deadly. " I mn lost, body and soul," said the man, removing bis hat slowly, with a wild thought of prayer flashing throngh his brain. He raised the pistol, and placed its cold muzzle against his burning brow. " Hold. What is this !" The voice startled the Buicide. He lowered the weapon, and gazed at the speaVor in angry surprise. The man ssemed to have sprung up from the path-way on which he stood, so suddenly had he aplieared. "*„<- —'.'J... "Who are you ?" asked Mansfield haughtily. V.*^,^.. " Never mind me. Who-are you and what are you doing ?" " Why should I render an account of myself to you, ?" asked Clarence defiantly. " I am a desperate man," replied the other, calmly. " Like yourself, I came here to put an end to an ill-spent life. Now, before we die, let us talk a little together. Moralise .by the sweet, silver light of the moon. Why do you kill yourself,! I do it because I am haunted by the everlasting shadow of past ill-doings, my dead past, as yo'u may Bay. They talk of angels weeping over lost sinners ; well, they can weep over me if they have nothing better to do. I can't do any weeping myeelf. I once owned, a mansion in yonder avenue. Now 1 stand under the stars without a shilling in my' packet. I saved Bixponce to buy poison, but it must have slipped out through a hole in my pocket, and I found I had only a halfpenny left. I knew it woe useless to buy any witb tbat-a half-pennyworth of poison could never make an eud of a tough citizen like me, so 1 walked up here. 1 have that half-penny left. I'll give it to you for a loan of your revolver, for bad as my credit is, I don't want to die in debt to you. I'm not naturally mean. I'll die first." Mansfield looked at his new acquaintance in perfect astonishment.' What Bort of man was thiB to die witb a jest, albeit a bitter one, upon his lips 1 He appeared about 35 years of qge ; he was tall and thin, his hair and beard were light brown, straggling and unkempt, and his clothing were extremely shabby. Hie eyes were bright and pi .-roing, of a peculiar light grey hue, and his long, slim, while hands were constantly in motion, betraying his nervous tempera' ment. He constantly kept looking around him, ns if he dreaded he knew not what. " Wiio are you ?" asked Clarence, for the Btranger seemed restless under his scrutiny. It was a blunt question, but two men bent upon euicido could dispense with ceremony. " I am Alfrod the Great, Christopher Columbus, Napoleon crossing the Alps, the Ghost of Hamlet's father. Moral, anything you like. ' A rose by any other name.' What's the uso of arguing over one's name at a time like this ? Let us study cause and effect, devote our last moments to something useful. The causes of my present condition are too much wine, too much card-playing, too much woree than doubt' ful company, and lastly, a big speculation in grain that went the wrong way ; the effect of all this being that I can't etand it any longer." " 1 did not inquire your name from idle curiosity," Sdid Clarence. " I was struck by the strange circumstance of your appear ing just at the moment yeu did—just when 1 was about to either put an end ta my tnieery or plunge headlong into a worse hell than this." •» , ' ' ' " There is no hell unless we make.it so. Look around you. Could mortal eyes gaze upon a fairer uicture T See huw the golden moonlight gleams on the moving billows of graes, wet with dew. See tho graceful shadows cast by those tall trees, in whose branches slumber in peaceful repose myriads of living things that have only obeyed the voice of nature. They are happy, and, ae someone says,' Only man is vile.' All my troubles have oome from myBelf. I never tried to do right. You have not either, or you would not be here.",.: " I have tried sometimes." «• Did you really ! Well, I didn't. Now, us I have answered your question, you answer mine. Why are you going to die 1" " I am a villain. I have been transacting business for my father. I waB supposed to be emart. and, of course, trustworthy. Well, I got into all sorts of bad company, embezzled money, and thought I could repluce it; then gambled to better myself, lost all I had, and, to moke a long Btory short, I've been going to the devil for three years ; now I've got there. My father has discovered all, and I could not face him, and above all my mother. I could not see any way out of it but this, I fled from home three days ago, and I've been wandering around ever since. My father ia stern and strict, and I've been expeotiug to be arrested every moment. He must feel it terribly—and my poor mother ; I am her only child, and she luvea me, was proud of me. Father would think nothing of putting me in prison. But the worst of all is yet to be told—a girl,a lovely girl, the daughter of wealthy parents, is foolish enough to love me. Poor child ! she has been living in a dream. It seoms hard that ahe should bave such a cruel awakening. . I have destroyed everything that might lead to my identification, so I can. only hope that my mother and Lucile may never know what be oame of nt<" He stopped,.unable to continue. His new companion took a seat, for he had been standing. They talked on for some time, and were recalled to their purpose by tho sound of the clocks striking ten. " Do you know I am very hungry ?" said Clarence's new friend. "Give me the pistol, and let me make an end of this bueineis for it ia useless to endure more discomfort than is absolutely nccessary." For the second time that night Clarence had drawn his watch from his pocket. " By the way," he said, as hs glanced'at it, " this watoh must be got rid of; it has my monogram upon to What shall I do with it?" - " Bave you got a watch ! Why didn't you say so before I Let UB go and pawn it. We can at least have some supper, and not go hungry into the next world." " Why, this is childish. Take the watch and welcome, but leave me alone. Go 1 Perhaps you may Bee some roacon why you should live. Good-bye." » " No. In the first plaoe I intend to stay with you to the end, and in the eecond place I can't pawn your watch, for if I do they will arrest me when your body is found. Come on, you are not the man I take you for ifyou will let a fellow creature diehnngry." ... .—„~<s, •.k.-KJ' Clarence rose reluctantly ; he wishod to get quickly over his fearful task. It might bs that he feared his desperate courage would fail him if he delayed. , " Come on, friend," urged the stranger, and the young man followed him. _• " Now we oan talk more at our ease," said ths man of many names ; slipping his hand throngh Mansfield's arm as they foupd themselves on a broadir path. He talked OB,'aud Mansfield was struck by the force and. eriarinality of his remarks, and varied nature of his information. He was both witty and well read, and seemed to have more depth of character than a casual observer would have given him credit for. " Give me the watob," he said,when they were clear of the park, " and meet me in yonder restaurant." Ji- .3k- .. " It is too late to pawn it now," replied Clarence, placing the watch in his hand. "Not at all. You are unsophisticated, my young friend. This is Saturday night, and this is the witching hour when the spider, whose sign is three golden balls, catches more flies than any other hour in the day. Proceed to the restaurant, and I'll be with you anon." Clarence obeyed. • He walked into the restaurant and took his Beat at one of the tableB. A waiter came to take his order, but he told him he was waiting for a friend. Left to himself, a flood of painful thoughts oame over him. The presence of his new acquaintance had banished them for the moment, but they returned with redoubled force whon he was once more alone. He regretted that he hud nob carried out bis terrible intention without delay .and blamed the cli^nce that brought the other wretched man to the same spot as himself. While painfully musing he took up a paper that lay before him, the "Daily Tclegiaph," and among the " Personals " this caught his " Clarenco M . Come home. All will be forgiven and forgotten. Mother is desperately ill, and asks for you constantly. —Father/' What a wild tumult of joy and sorrow surged through his lioart. Overcome by tbo tido of feeling, he luid his head down on tiiu tableland tears of penitence streamed from his eyes. TboBe teara were not un- ^nanly ; they washed am^y tho bitter feelings ot anguish and despair, and left Clarence Man'sfiold a stronger and better man. Just as he conquorod hie emotion his new friend entered. He saw at a glance that Borne new tide in the nflairs of men hud turned in his coiupanion'e favour. He sat dovn and Bilently placed a pile of money before Mansfield, and then ordered supper for both without asking one question. Clarence understood the delicacy that prompted him. and, touching his arm, laid the paper before him silently, indicating tho notice. "I am glad, from my'heart," said the stranger warmly, pressing the young man's hand as he spoke. " You see, it was well you followed my advice. You will return, of couree ?" " Yes, return, and with God's help try to atone for the past and deserve my father's mercy. And you !" " Me I Oh, I'll finish my supper and then go back and finish my work. It is no use for ir.e to live." " No, you shall not. Come with me to Dalston. I shall tell my father when and how I met you. He employs over a hundred men, and you are not too proud to work for another man ab present, as you have no business of your own." Tfee only answer Qlorence received was a hearty squeeze of the hand, and in the pisreing eyes ej[his companion he saw tears well up.\ • Next morning saw both men on their way to DalBton,' When they arrived there they went' before Mr. Mansfield, and Clarence told their ttory. The stern man was deeply moved, and in brokon tones he blessed and forgave his erring son. He also extended a kindly welcome to the stranger, who gavo his namo as Herman Evorlee. Mrs. Mansfield was very ill, but the eight of her boy's face restored her. Everlee was placed in the counting.houae, and proved himself a valuable assistants honest,keen, and industrious. He remained in Mr. Mansfield's employ four years, and then requested leave of absence to go on a visit. Ho returned, after an absence of four weoks, with his wife and child, the latter a lovely boy of six years. All his friends were filled with surprise, as they hud always supposed him an unmarried inan. " That is... what filled me with despair," he said in confidence to Clarence. " But my brave Mary fought on alone till i had beeu here a month, and then I wrote and told her all. Since then I have supported them, and now I am once more a happy mag. I havo gathered furniture by degrees,und although our home is notmuch like our fornior mansion, Mary loves it, and says she was never so happy, and I believe ber, God bless her." Soon after this Clarence also went away on leave, nnd brought back his bride, the beautiful Lucile,who had loved him so long and so devotolly. She knew his story, nnd was willing to trust her heart to his keeping, and time proved that her confidence was not misplaced. Ho becamo one of the leading mw. in his businoss and social circle, respited by all, and well bolovcd by relatives and frionds, an honoured fathor and a haupy husband. Years after, when the firm was known as Mansfield and Kvorlco, the partners set aside a sum every yoar. It was sent to a well-known clergyman in Wbitcchapcl to be ueed by him for tho purpoBe of assisting just such desperate men us they once had been—men dnven to despair by the fruits of their own folly. The fund was a secret to the partners, and "was called by them " Our fund for those who are ' Ready to Polish.'* 