DEAD '.PICTURES. , ' STKITTEN BY BARRY PAIN. ' ? ? ? I. ' . ' I have but to pick up a penny il ? :fc.strated paper and open my eyea, and I can generally see it quite dis .tktctly, as clearly as if it wera a ?jdream. . It is a picture of a bouse. It has ,'£ve windows, three in the upper ? ?storey and two in. the lower. The j top left-hand corner window is part ! Jy open, in- a careless and natural :7fray, and gives variety. There ia a ittoor, with; a step-to it, between the j two lower windows. At a little dis i tance- are- shrubs, and a policeman iSrifch onevaam-. stuck, out, and some ishorizan. That- 7S?-ffi© house where it was |'3&ne.; Ib may be-a-murder, or a ! suicide, or tho birth- of acelebrity ; foufc ihat is always the house where ,if?TBxis done. Robert Burns was ? ?bom in the same house where : Charles PeaceTesided,. and theCar aneDite Chrb was raided, and the ,' Anarchists were arrested, and the . ghost was Been by tha singularly 1 clear-headed man, and Boulanger passed his early days. Thai house is sometimes a^club', ' find sometimes'^ convalescent home, 1 and sometimes a rectory ; but it ia 'always the same. The letterpress describing- it may vary, but the /the picture never varies. It comes up one- week as a 'Retreat for Indi gent Curates ?' next week you are ' asked: to believe that Deeming's ?victim: was discovered under its ?'?!hearthrston». If they would only vary thede tadls' occasionally, perhaps it would be* easierto bear it. Could not the 'policeman be made removable? ? 'Would it not be possible sometimes 'to- open one of the other windows, strike out the shrubs, or let in a .-new horizonJ W-at that old block ;tosfc in -chips it would gain in con ;siction and- vraissmblance. In the meantime it goes on. If ?fenything' is ever clone in a house, .then that is the house where it was ? done. It- must have- been inconvenientiy ifcrowdted attrmes. IL 1 There- is- only one cosy corner in , jEh&woiid.; It belongs to the people who are interviewed, and is sent about from house to house so that the inter , . viower may always find it. ? Or, possibly, tha interviewer brings it 'with him in a cart and fixes it up , before he starts work. ' Itfa a pretty thing,' of ?wood painted white. When you sit 1 down there is a little shelf with, majolica upon it to catch you in the small of the back; when you get up again you bump your head against a bigger shelf. . There is a Burmese brass idol, a Japajiose fan and a pot tulip on this shelf; When you bump your head, these things fall That is where the cosiness comes ' tin. ' ? ^ ?;??''?. ? Tho cosy ^corner is aDDroached 1 by a real Regent-street Cairene '. , ? arch. It has cushions in some pro fusion, and a mandoline reposes ,? carelessly on the cushions. There * is no reason why tho mandoline should not be there— I have heard 1 it, and can quite believe that it is ; t better to sit on it than, to pl«y oil it. When tho interviewer enters a room where this cosy corner is dis played, ho is much struck by the taite and refinement, and says he ?feels as if he were passing into an other world. I wish he were. If he passed, I should not day-by-c!a.y and weekby weck be confronted with the picture .of the cosy corner in the illustrated interview. This picture is doing a lot of harm. The general public believe that every celebrity has n cosy corner, and then, the general public wants, one too. And the 'Halfpenny Home Blitherer' tells you how you can make- one for your-. . self, out of the orange-boxes, and plushette, and what is left over from your last year's bicycle. ; If these pictures are not stopped some body really will make one, and jt will breed- discord. III. Don't go. There is really no im propriety in the picture. The most respectable papers have1 it. As a rule it illustrates a chapter of tha serial story, and there is nothing in the story with any tendency to undermine or honeycomb© any thing. . The scene depicted is mostly bed clotEes. At one end is a far more elaborate pillow than you have got at home, andon the pillow rests the head of a much prettier woman than you. are yourself. The woman's hair is always black. Either the fair-haired women never go to bed, or they dye their h&'x first. Her eyes are closed. At the left hand of the picture is the nurse apjjroaching ; she car ries a full medicine-glass in one hand at arm's length, and presses the fingers of her other hand on her lipa to enjoin silence. She looks at the patient instead of at the. glass, and you can see she will, spill that medicine and spoil a good carpet. But you cannob see why she puts her fingers to her lips, for tihere is no one in the room except herself and tho patient, and the patient is either asleep or dear -j, dead for choice— I mean, dead as a general rule. On. the- table by the bed-side- is a split peach, a bunch of grapes, and a medicine-bottle, with the loose label tied to the neck— in the wav no medicine-bottle is ever labelled except in pictures. TJndfi-rnwit.il rmATHnria fko Iporcmrl which may vary. - Sometime^ it is 'All was over33— not referring to the medicine-glass ; sometimes, 'The nurse advanced stealthily)' and on looking at the picture you see that to advance stealthily you bend the top half of your body for ward and the rest follows when it can. , Or you may have, 'She slept like a tired child,' or 'But Dorothy would never wake again.' It is always: very sad. The first hundred or hundred and fifty times that you see that picture you feel as if you could cry. But the illus trated magazines keep on slinging it in, and one grows callous, other wise you might break your' heart for fourpence-halfpenny any day. at tho discount booksellers. IV. , v . The- grip, of course, is the hero's ; the man in it is the villain.. That is the way these things happen. The hero slants forward ; the -vil- lain slants backward. The hero has one arm behind his back, whera in case the villain thinks of running round and hitting him there. His other arm is outstretched, and the hand grasps the villain's wrist. The villain has one arm absolutely free. There seems to be no reason why he should not swing it round until the hero's face gets in the way. But that does not occur to the vil lain. . As long as he may look hor rified and be caught in a grip of steel, that is all he wants. ? Now, the constant use of thii? picture is having a very pernicious effect upon young men just start ing in lfe. It lead them to be lieve that if they becama villains— and it is said there is money in it —they may look forward to the grip of-steel moment with composure. They imagine that while the hero is carefully defending thesmall of his back from a purely imaginary en emy in the rear, they will punch his face according to their own taste and discretion. So they De come villains, and they meet a hero, ar-d he fails to act according to the picture. Thus this picture leads to crime and also to disappointment It is .flagrantly immoral and shouli bfj suppressed. ? The - Whitby. Asyi/ttm.— Owing to' the small amount of money placed on the Estimates for the work, it is not anticipated that much, will be done this year towards tho erection of the lunatic asylum at Whitby Falls. Additions have, however,. been made to the building at Fremantle, fresh accommodation having been provided for the staff, and more room being thus allowed for patients. 