INDIAN GHOST DA -•Tt'is tlit . customr K\yn tW-N-'v ■}'■>,b Trilnni:', upon the' iiccnsioii of «■.•••» tiji-risiBy at any' of the Western agencies, t.<> assign ■ some K;>eeial cause, differing accord ing to the c;rcma«taj!ccs, for «i:e i:;:t i.-.va';. In the case or llie Cheyenccs. v.hu uro now making trouble :it. the Tongue Itiver Agency in Menlana, it is said th:ifc the (Ifsh-rbsnco originated in tho murder of a -S-'uep herder hy the Indian.1; because they iVnred that he would inform against them for seal ing. There can usually be found, of ci.urs>\ some incident lijx which to fasten the i«; break, but the real cause of tiie Indian troubles lies deeper than this. At certain nines, ;is the ml man hnnse!? savs, "Injun's heart gets bad." Very often tiiis occurs in the spring, when the freih, new grass has put the ponies into perfect condition, and when tiie mild weather has caused the ponies'master to shake <-f:" thi-ir winter lethargy. Then the afoitsaid "bad" feeling manifests itself, an! the Indians desire nothing sinnuch ns to go foTth and kill. The killing of hui:ian beings would he preferable, iis furnishing more excitement, but hunting, if it is good enough, oilers :i substitute which may be accepted. Tims as lung as the bitftaloes lasted they provided ,i means of outlet for the Indian's surplus de structive energy, but now this resource h:>„4 disappeared, and there is no other legitimate hunting to compare with it. So, when the councils and the dances have aroused every particle of warlike spirit in. the hearts of the young braves, what mor-i natural than that it should l>e found easy to pick qu; irrels, and that the thirst for the white Bian's blood, or.ee acquired, should often take a long time and much eflort to quench ? THE Si'llING DAXCES. The ghost dances ami ths war dances held in the spring are always more eiTcctive than those at other times of the year. Tho Indians are pleased at the thought of being able to hold them out of doors again, afttr the close confinement which the cold of a Dakota or Montana winter enforces. An extra amount of vigor is infused into tl'.e savage and grotesqae contortions of the dancers, and the spectators gaze as if tliey could not sec enough of these movements which are suggestive to them of the highest type of valiant daring. But- it is perhaps after the dance is ended, when the warriors are seated around in ;i circle on the ground, that tKe fighting 'desire is worked up most surely and powerfully among them. The pipe of good-fellowship is first passed around in silence, each Indian taking only tsvo or three putEk, and then handing it on to his next neighbor. Just here it is interesting to note that the red man does not smoke .after the manner of his w hire brother. In the whole circuit which the pipe makes its mouthpiece is never wet. The Indian merely lays the end of the stem against his lower lip, and, with his mouth partly open, draws a deep breath. Ee moving the pipe, he exhales thLi smoke, and ;hen perhaps lays the stem to his lip for ;v second pufi', but never dees he put the mouthpiece into his month, in the common white man's fashion. If asked to smoke a piece-pipe after a white man he first wipes oft" the end of the pipes teni ^here it has bsen in the previous smoker's month. WORKING ;:!• THE KXCrEEiIK>T. To return to the circle which, is formed after the dance, the. smoking, as was said, takes pi-ice in silence. The some noted warrior of the band rises and strides into fcho centre of the group. When he has fixed the attention of all, he begins to. recite the brave deeds which he has accomplished' in wni'r illustrating, his remarks with a most picturesque variety of gestures, and cer tainly allowing his story to lose nothing in the telling. As lie talks, the eyes of the you/ig braves glow, and their features work with excitement, and a desire to emulate such achieveuien ts. Thiv fact that the Indian habitually represses his emotions need lead no 0110 to cloubt th-ir strength, and the amount of pent-up energy which is expressed in the attitudes of these young braves is enough to mi'.ku the civilised spectator shudder as he thinks of the savage expression it might fillet. Ad trie conclusion of the speaking, after ;:!i the f-munis men of the baud have recites similar experwnces to those of the first orator, the excitement is intense. Then it is, and sometimes for many days afterwards, that the Indians .'ire to be dreaded, for they are ready to seiza upon almost any pretext; to pick a quarrel with the whites. It is the opinion of many people expe rienced in Indian affairs that nearly all of the difficulties aii.se from this uncontrollable ardor of the young men of the They have heard their fathers tell so often of the glories of killing the white men twenty years ago, at the time of the Custer massacre, and other noted fights, that they feel as it they must also achieve .something of the sort or forfeit a reputation for bravery. 