(PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT.) The Ghost's Touch. A CHRISTMAS STORY.' (BY FERGUS HUME.) (Author of "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab,*' "The Third Volume," "The Lone Inn," "For ; the Defence,'" Etc., Etc.): . (COPYRIGHT.) I shall never forget the terrible Christmas I spent at Lavrock Grange in the year '93. As an army doctor I have met with strange adventures In far lands, and have seen some gruesome sights In the. little ware which are constantly being .waged on the frontiers of our Empire; but it was reserved for an old country house in. Hants to be the scene of the most noteworthy episode in my life. The .experience was a painful one, and I " hope it may never be repeated; but indeed so ghastly an event is not likely to occur again. If my story reads more like fiction than truth, I can only quote the well-worn saying, of the latter be ing stranger than the former. Many a time In my wandering life have I proved the truth of this proverb. " The whole affair arose out of the invitation which Frank Ringan sent me to spend Christmas with himself and his cousin Percy at the family seat near Christchurch. At .that time I was home on leave from India; and shortly after my arrival I chanced to meet with Percy Ringan in Picca . dilly. He was an Australian with whom'I :had been intimate some years before in Melbourne; a ' dapper little man with sleek fair hair and a trans parent complexion; looking as fragile as a Dres den china image, yet with plenty of pluck and spi rits. He suffered from heart disease, and was lia ble to faint on occasions; yet he fought against ola mortal weakness with silent courage; and ?with certain precautions against over-excitement, he managed to enjoy life fairly well. Notwithstanding his pronounced effeminacy, and somewhat truckling subserviency to rank ánd high birth, I liked the little man very well for hi3 many good qualities. On the present occasion I yaa glad to see him, and expressed my pleasure. "Although I did not expect to see you in Eng land," said I, after the first greetings had passed. "I have been in London these nine months, my dear Lascelles," he said, In his usual mincing way, ."partly by way of a change and partly to j «ee my. cousin Frank,-who indeed invited me to > come over from Australia." "Is-that the rich cousin you were always epeak ; . lng about in Melbourne?" ! "Yes. But Frank ls not rich. I am the wealthy Ringan, but he ia the head of the family. You see, \- doctor," continued Percy, taking my arm and.pur auing the subject in a conversational manner, "my ? father, being a .younger, eon, emigrated to Mel fcourne in the gold-digging days, and made his for /tone "dut there. ^Hs brother remained at home on -: the estates*- with very-little money to keep up the \- ..;<?.. dignity of the family; so my father helped the head of his house from :time .to time. Five years ago .fcoth my uncle eud> father died, leaving Frank and '5aa as heirs, the one to the family estáte, the other . .to tho Australian wealth. So-" j "So you assist your cotón to keep up th© dignity I of the family as your father did before you." . "Well, yea, 1 do,'' admitted Percy, frankly. "You see, we Ringans think a great deal of our birth and position. So much eo, that we hara made our will In ono another's favor." "How do you mean?" .. r "Well, if I die, Frank inherits my money; and if he dies, I become heir to the Ringan estates; It pearns strange that I should tell . you all this, Las celles; but 'you were eo intimate with ma in the old days that you can understand my apparent rash ness." I could not forbear a chuckle at the reason as signed by Percy for bis confidence, especially as it was such a weak one. The little man bad a tongue like a town-crier, and could no more keep his private affairs to himself than a woman could guard a secret. Besides I saw very well that witb his inherent snobbishness he desired-to impresä me with the posi tion an antiquity of his family, and with a fact undoubtedly true-that it ranked amongst the land-' ed gentry of the kingdom. , However, the weakness, .though In bad taste, was harmless enough, and I had no scorn for the con fession of it. Still, I felt a trifle bored, as I. took little interest in the chronicling of such email beer, and shortly parted from Percy after promising to dine with him the following week. At this dinner, which took place at the Athenian Club, I met with the h&id; of the Ringan family; or, to put lt plainer, with Percy's cousin Prank. Like the Australian, he was small and neat, but en joyed much better health, and lacked the effeminacy of the other. Yet, on the whole, I liked Percy .tte bast, as there was a sly cast about Frank's coun tenance which I did jiot relish; and he patronised his colonial cousin In rather an offensive maimer. The latter looked up to his English kinsman with all deference, and would, I am sure, have willingly given his gold to regild the somewhat tarnished escutcheon of the -Ringans. Outwardly, the two cousins were so alike as to remind one of Tweedle dum, and Tweedledee; but alter duo consideration I decided that Percy was the bstter-natured and mor© honorable of the two. For some reason Frank Ringan seemed desirous of cultivating my acquaintance; and in one way and another I saw a gooddeal of him during my stay in London. Finally, when I was departing on a viet to some relatives in Norfoflk, he invited me to spend Christmas at Ringshaw Grange-not as it afterwards appeared, without an ulterior motive. "I can take no; refusal," said he, with a hearti ness which sat ill on him. "Percy, as an old friend of yours, has set his heart on my ihaving you down; and-if I may say eo-^-I have, set my heart on the same, thing." ; "Oh, you really moist come. Lascelles," cried | Percy, eagerly. "We are going to keey Christ-' i maa in the real old English fashion. Washington .Irving's style, you know-holly, wassail-bowl, games, and mistletoe." "And perhaps a ghost or so," finished Frank, laughing, yet . with a side glance at Ibis eager little cousin. "Ah!" said I. "So your. Grange is haunted." "I should think so," said Percy, before his cou sin could speak; "and with a good old Queen Anne, ghost. Come down, Doctor, and Frank sbafll put you in the haunted chamber." "No!" cried Frank, with a sharpness which ra ther surprised, me; "I'll put no one in the Blue .Roora; the consequences might bo fatal. Yoi ! sinile, Lascellos, but I assure you our'ghost has been proved to exist!" "That ia a paradox. A ghost can't exist.' Bul the story of your ghost-" "Is too long te tell now," said Frank, laughing "Come down to the Grange and you'll hear it." "Very good," I replied, rather attracted by th« idea'of a haunted house; "you can count upon mc for Chrisbnias. But I warn you, Ringan, that 1 don't believe in spirits. Ghosts went out with 'gas." "Then they must ihave come in again with elec tric light," retorted Frank Ringan, "for Lady Joan undoubtedly haunta the Grange. I don't mind; jt-as it adds distinction to the house." j "All old familias have a ghost," said Porcy, im portantly. "It is very, natural when one has an cestors." ; ' ' There was no more said on the'subject for the time being, but the upshot of this conversation was that I presented myself at Ringshaw Grange two or throe days beforë Christmas. To speak .the truth, I came more on Percy's account than- my own, as I knew the little man suffered from heart disease, and a sudden shock might prove fatal. If, in the unhealthy atmosphere of an old house, the inmates got talking of ghosts and goblins, it might be that the consequences would be danger ous to so highly strung and 'delicate a man as . Percy Ringan. For this reason, joined to a sneaking desire to see the ghost, I found myself a guest at Rlngshaw Grange. In one way ? I "¡regret tho visit;' yet in another I regárd it as providential that I was on the spot. Had I been absent the catastrophe might have been greater, although it could scarcely have "been more terrible." - Ringehaw Grange was a quaint -Elizabethan house, all gables and diamond casements,; and oriel windows, and quaint, "terraces, .looking like an illustration out of. an old-.Christmas number. It was embowered in a,largo park, "the1 trees of which came-up almost, to the doors, and when I saw it first in the moonlight-for it was by a late train that I came from London-it struck me as the very place for a ghost. "~ Here was a haunted house of the right quality if ever there was one, and I only hoped when I crossed the threshold that the local spectre would bo worthy of its environment. In such an in teresting house I did not think to pass a dull Christmas; but-God help me-I did not antici pate so tragic a Yule-tide as I spent. As our host was a bachelor and had no female relative to do the honors of his house the guests were all of tho masculine gender. It is true that there was a housekeeper-a distant cousin I I understood-who was rather elderly but very ju ' vonilo as to dress and manner. She went by the name of Miss Laura, but no one saw much of her as, otherwise than attending to her duties, she remained mostly in her own rooms. So our party was composed of young men-none save myself being over the-age'of thirty, and few being gifted with much intelligence. The talk was mostly bf sport, of horse racing, big game shooting, and yacht sailing; so that I grew tired at times of these subjects and retired to the li brary to read and write. The day after I arriv ed Frank showed me.'over the house. It was a wonderful old barrack of a'place, with broad passages, twisting interminably like the labyrinth of Daedalus; small bedrooms furnished in an old-fashioned manner, -and vast reception apartments with polished floors and painted ceil ings. Also there were tho customary number of I family portraits frowning from the walls; suits ot tarnished armor; and ancient tapestries embrol Í der ed with grim and ghastly legends of the past, i The old house was crammed with treasures, I rare enough to drive an antiquarian , crazy ; and Ailed with the flotsam and jetsam of many cen turies, mellowed by time into one soft hue, which put them all in keeping with one another. I mutit say that I ,was charmed with Rlngshaw. Grange, and no longer wondered at the pride taken by Percy Ringan in his family and their past glories. "That's all very well,"1 said Prank, to whom I remarked as much; "Percy is rich, and had he this place could keep.it up in proper style; hut I am as poor as a rat, and unless I can make a rich marriage, or inherit a comfortable legacy, house, and furniture,'park and timber may all come to the hammer." He looked gloomy aa he spoke; and, feeling that I had touched on a somewhat delicate mat ter, I hastened to change the subject, by asking to be shown the famous Blue.Chamber, which waa said to be haunted. This waa the true Mecca of. my pilgrimage into Hants. "It is along this passage," said Frank, leading the way, "and not very far from: my own'quartcrs. There is nothing in its looks likely to hint at the ghost-at all events by day-but it is haunted for j all that." . Thus speaking he led nie into a large room I with a low ceiling, and a broad casement looking I out on to tho untrimmed park, where tho wood land was most sylvan. The walls were hung with, blue cloth embroidered with grotesque figures In. black braid or thread, I know not which. There wai a largo old-fashioned. bed wiih tester and figured curtains and a quantity of cumbersome: furniture of.the early Georgian epoch. Not hav ing been inhabited for many years the; room had a desolate and silent look-if one may use such, an expression- and to my mind looked gruesome » enough to conjure up a battalion of ghosts, let alone one. "I don't agree with you!" said I, In reply to my, host's^ remark. - "To my mind this is the very mo del of a haunted chamber.' What Is the legend?" "1*11 tell it to you on Christmas Eve," replied Ringan, as wo left the room. "It is rather a blood-curdling tale." "Do you believe it?" said I, struck by a solemn, air of the speaker. "I have had evidetneo to.make me credulous," he replied dryly, and closed the subject for tho time being. It was renewed on Christmas Eve, when all ouij company were gathered round a huge wood fire in the library. Outside, the snow lay thick' on th« ground, and the gaunt trees stood up black and leafless out of the white expanse. The sky, was of a frosty blue, with sharply-twinkling stars, and a hard-looking moon. On the snow the sha dows of Inter-lacing boughs were traced blackly, .as In Indian ink, and the cold was of Arctic seven rity. ' But seated in the holly-decked apartment be fore a noble fire which roared bravely up the wide chimney, we cared nothing for the frozen world out of doors. "We laughed and talked, sang songs and recalled adventures, until somewhere about ten o'clock we fell into a ghostly vein" quite in keeping with the goblin- haunted season. It was then that Frank Ringan was called upon to chill our blood with his local legend. This he did .without much pressing. "In the reign of good Queen Anne," said he, with a gravity befitting the : subject, "my ancestor Hugh Ringan,'was the owner of this house. He was'a silent misanthropic ma*, having been sour ed early in life by the treachery of a woman. Mis trusting the sex, he refused to marry for many years; and it was not until* nb was fifty years of age that he was beguiled by the arts of a pretty girl into the toils of matrimony. The lady was Joan Challoner, the daughter of tho Earl of Bran scour t; and she waa esteemed cae of the j beauties of Queen Anne's court. "It was in London that Hugh met her, and thinking from her Innocent and childlike appear ance that she would make him a true-hearted wife, he .married her after a six months' courtship and brought her with all the honor to Ringshaw Grange. After his marriage he became more cheerful and less distrustful of his fellow-crea tures. Lady Joan was all to him that a wife could be, and seemed devoted to her husband and child-for she early became a mother-when.- one Christmas Eve all tlïis happiness came to an end." "Oh!" said I, rather cynically. "So Lady Joan proved to be no better than the rest of her . sex." .-? ' .'.'.. "So Hugh Ringan thought, Doctor; but he was _ as mistaken as you are. Lady Joan occupied the ¿Blue Room, which I showed you the other day, .. and on Carietmas Eve, when riding homo 1 ate, Hugh saw a man descend from the window. Thun f.:derstruck 'by tho sight, ho galloped after the man and caught him before he could mount a \-- horse which was waiting for him. The cavalier. was a.handsome young fellow of twenty-five, who . refused to answer Hugh's questions. Thinking naturally enough that he had to do with a lover of his wifé's, Hugh fought a duel with the stran .J ger, and killed him after a hard fight. -'. "Leaving him dead on the snow, he rode back * to the Grange, and burst in on his wife to accuse her of perfidy. It was in vain that Lady Joan . tried to defend herself by stating that the visitor Was her brother who was engaged in plots for the. restoration of James H., and on that,account .wished to keep secret the fact of his presence in England. Hugh did not believe her, and told her plainly that he had killed her lover; whereupon Lady John burst out into a volley of reproaches and cursed her hus band. Furious at what he deemed was her bold \- ness Hugh at first attempted to kill her, but not ' thinking the punishment sufficient, he cut off her . right hand." "Why?" asked everyone, quite unprepared for this information. " . "Because in the first place Lady Joan was very proud of her beautiful white hands, and in the second Hugh had seen the stranger kiss her hand -her right hand-before he descended'from the ,-window. For these reasons he mutilated her thus . terribly,"' "And did she die?" "Yes, a week after her hand was cut off. And she swore that she would come back to touch all : those in the.Blue Room-that ls who slept in it ¡who were, foredoomed to death. She kept her pro .* mise, for many people who have slept in that fa tal room have been touched by the dead hand of ^Lady Joan,'and have subsequently deid." . - v j "Did Hugh find dut that his wife was innocent?" ; "He did," replied Ringan,"and within - a month after-her .death.- The stranger: was - really. . ber brother, plotting for. James II., as she had sta ?'-.'ted.'.-' Hugh was not punished by man for his -\ crime, but -within a year : he slept. in the . Blue jCbaniber and was found dead next morning with the mark of three fingers on his right wrist. It. ¡was thought that in his remorse he had courted 'death by sleeping in the room cursed by his [wife." "And.there was a mark on him?" "On his. right wrist red marks like a burn; the impression of three fingers. Since that time the room has been haunted." "Does everyone who sleep in_.it die?" I asked. "No. Many people have risen well and hearty in the morning. Only those who are doomed to an early death are thus touched!" "When did the last case occur?" "Three years ago," was Frank's unexpected re ply.' "A friend of mine called Herbert- Spence ¡would sleep in that room. He saw the ghost, and rwas touched^ ? He showed me the marks next morning-three red finger marks." "Did the omen hold good ?" . "Yes. Spence died three months afterwards. He ¡was thrown from his horse." I was about to put further questions in a scep tical vein, when we heard shouts outside, and we all sprang to our feet as the door was thrown open' to admit Miss Laura in a state of excitement. "Fire! fire!" she-cried, almost distracted. VQh! ?Mr, Ringan," addressing herself to Percy,>:'y.our" ' room is on .fire! v . ' _ : " ' . » "We waited to hear no more, but in a body rushed* up to Percy's room:: Volumes-off smoke were ¿bl-;,. -Iing"out bf the door,.and flames were flashing with ".in,, Frank R.ingah^ho.weyer, was prompt'and cool \- 'headed He had "the.alarm bell rung, summoned'.: ;. tho. servants, grqams,rand.'stable'' hands, and.'iri . ..twenty minutes tub fife.-was extinguished. . v ' ' v ~ "On 'asking how. the 'fire;had "started, Miss Laura, .* nv i th much hysterloal sobifing, stated that she had .gone into Percy's roora, to see that all waa ready and comfortable for the night. Unfortunately, the ¡wind wafted ono of the bed-curtains towards the candle she .was carrying, and in a moment the ¡room in a blaze. After pacifying Miss Laura, rwho could not help the accident, Frank turned to [hiß cousin. By this time we were back again in the library. '?.-'. "My dear fellow," he said, "vojtr room is swim ming in water, and is charred with fire. I'm afraid you can't stay there to-night; but I don't ¡know where to put you unless you take the Blue JRcom." - -, . "The Blue Room!" we all cried. "What! the (haunted chamber?" "Yes; all the others rooms are full. Still, If [Percy is afraid-:-" "Afraid!" cried Percy, indignantly., "I'm not afraid at all. I'll sleep in the Blue Room with the ^ IgreateBt of pleasure." . "But the ghost---". . ""I don't care for, the ghost,''- interrupted the [Australian, with a nervous laugh. "We have no ghosts in our part of the world, and as I have not Been-one, I do not believe there is euch a thing." |^ iW> all tried to dissuade him from sleeping in. .(Continued on page. 63.).. the'haunted room, and several of. us offered give up our apartments for the night-Fra among the number.- But Percy's dignity v touched, and ho was.resolute to keep his word. . [had plenty at pluck, as I said before, and 1 fancy, that we might think him a coward spun ¡him on to resist our entreaties. The end of it was . that shortly before jnidnic he went off to the Blue Roam, and declared ] intention of sleeping in it. There was jiothi tmore to bo said in the face of such obstinacy, one by one we retired, quite unaware of the evei to happen before the morning. So on that Cari imas Eve the Blue Room had an unexpeçt tonant. \ On going to nay bedroom I could not slec-p. T tale told by Frank Ringan haunted my fancy, a the idea of Percy sleeping in that ill-omened rec -made 'me nervous. I did not believe in ghosts mi self, nov, as far as I knew, did Percy; but the 1 tie man suffered from heart disease-he was stru up to a high, nervous pitch by our ghost storiee and if anything out of the. common-even from n tural causes-^happened in that room, the she anight be fatal to ita occupant. I knew well enough that Percy, out of prdc .would refuse to give up the room, yet I was det? anioed that he should not sleep in it; so, falii] persuasion, I employed stratagem. I had my m dical oh&3t with :me,, and taking it from my poi [manteau, I prepared a powerful narcotic. I lc . thia on . the . table and went along to the Bl Room, which, as I have said before, was not ve fiar from mine. A' knock brousht Percy to the door clothed in p: jamas, arid at a glance I: could sse that the ghost] atmosphoro of the place was already "tell.'ag on h nerves. He looked palo and disturbad, but ti mouth was firmly .set with an obstinate exprésalo likely- to resist my proposals. However, out of dil lomacy, I made none, but blandly stated my erron< with more "roughness, indeed, than was necessary. "Come to my room, Percy,»'i^I said, when he ai peared, "and let me give you. something to cali \- your nerves." "I'm not afraid!" he said, defiantly. "Who said you were?" I rejoined, tartly. "Ye believe in ghosts no moro than I do, sa why shoul you bo afraid?. But after the alarm-of fire, you nerves are upset, aud I want to give you sometbin to put them-right. Otherwise, you'll get n sleep." "I shouldn't mind a composing draught, cei talnly," said the little man. "Have you it here?" "No, it's in my room, a few yards off. Core . along." Quite deluded by my speech and manner, Perc followed mo into my bedroom, and obedientl enough swallowed the medicine. Then I made Mi sit down in a comfortable arm-chair, on the pie that ho must not walk immediately after th draught. The result of my experiment .wa justified, for in leas than ten minutes the poo little man was fast asleep under the influence c the nareotio. When thus helpless, I placed him OÍ my bed quite satisfied that he would not awaken un til, the next day. My task accomplished, I extin guished the light, and went off* myself to the Blu Room, intending to remain- there for the night. It may be asked why I' did so, as I could eastl; ¡haye taken my rest on tho sofa in my own room but the fact is, I was anxious to sleep in .a hauntéi chamber. T did not believe in ghosts, as i had nev er seen one, but as there was a chance of méetia¡ here with an authentic phantom I did not wish ' t loss the opportunity. ^.; Therefore when Iskw that Percy was safe for tb i 'night, I" took up my quarters ia the ghostly terri tory with much curiosity, but-as I can eafelj aver-no fear. All the same, in case of practica jokes on the part of the feather-headed young mai in the house, I took my revolver with me. Thu* prepared, I looked the door of the Blue Room anc slipped into bed, leaving the light burning. The revolver I kept under my pillow ready to my hahc in casa of necessity. "Now," said I grimly, as I made myself com , fortable, "I'm ready for ghosts, or goblins, or prac tical jokers." , .;. . I lay awake for a long time, staring at the queer figures on the blue draperies of the apartment. Ir the pale flame of the candle they looked ghastly enough to disturb the nerves of anyone; and wfoen the draught fluttered the tapfetries the figures seem ed to move as though alive. For th's sight alone I was glad that Percy had not slept in that room. 1 could fancy the poor man lying in that vast bed with blanched face and beating heart, listening tc every creak, and watching the fantastic embroi deries waving on the walls. Brave as he was, 1 : am sure the_ sounds and sights of that room ¡would have shaken his nerves. I did not feel very comfortable myself, sceptic as I was. When the candle had burned down pretty low I-fell asleep. How long I slumbered I know not; Vb'ut l woke up with the impression that some thing or someone*was in the room. The candle had wasted nearly- to the socket, and the flame ^ was flickering and heaping fitfully, so a~s to display the room one moment and leave lt almost in darkness the next'. I heard a soft step crossing the room, and .as .it drew near a sudden burst of flame from the"candle showed me a little woman standing by the side of the bed. She was dress ed in a gown of flowering brocade, and wore the toweri-ng: head dress of the Queen Anne epoch. Her face I could scarcely see, as the flash of "flame was only momentary; but I felt what ; the Scqtch^call ' à deadly .grue as I realised that this .was the veritable phantom of Lady. Joan. For the moment the natural -dread of the super natural quite overpowered me, and with my hands and árins lying outside the counterpane I rested inert and chilled with fear. This sensation of helplessness in the presence of evil, was like what one experiences in a nightmare of the worst kind. When again the flame of the expiring candle shot up, I beheld the ghost close at hand",- and as I felt rather than saw-knew that it was bend ing over me. A faint odor of musk1 was in the air, and I heard the soft rustle of the brocaded skirts echo through the semi-darkness. The next moment I felt my right wrist gripped in a _ burning grasp, and the sudden pain roused ~my nerves from their paralysis.. . , With a yell I rolled over, away from the ghost, (wrenching my wrist from that horrible clasp, and, almost mad with pain, I groped with my left hand for; the revolver- As I. seized it the candle flared up for the last time, and I saw -the ghost' gliding back'.towards the tapestries.- --'.Tn ar second I raised the revolver'and fired. The- next ïnoment there was a wild cry of terror and agony, the fall of a heavy body on the floor, and almost before I knew where I was I found myself out side the door of the haunted room. To attract " attention-I fired another %shot from my revolver; {while the Thing o"n.the.floor moaned in the dark-, ness most horribly. J ?; - " ' '-' . "Ia-a few. moments-guests and. servants, all iii various stages of undress, came rushing along the passage bearing lights. A babel of voices arose, and I managed tobabblesome incoherent explana-, tion, and led the way into the room. There _on tho floor lay the ghost, and we lowered the can dles to look at its face. I sprang up with a cry on recognising who it was. "Frank Ringan!" "It was indeed Frank Ringan disguised as a wo man, in wig and-brocades. He looked at me , with a ghostly face, his mouth working nervously. "With an effort he raised himself on his hands, \ and tried to speak-whether in confession or.ex-' culpation, I know not. But the attempt was too much for him, a choking cry escaped his lips, a jet of blood burst from his mouth, and he fell hack dead. Over the rest of the events of that terrible hight I draw a veil. There are some things-it is as well not to speak of. Only I may state that all through the horror and confusion Percy Ringan, thanks to my strong sleeping draught, slumbered as peacefully as a child, thereby saving his life. With the morning's light came discoveries and explanations. We found one of the panels behind the tapestry of the Blue Room open, and it gave admittance into a passage which on examination proved to lead into Frank Fingan's bedroom; On the floor we discovered a delicate hand formed of steel, and which bore marks of having been in the fire. On my right wrist were three.distinct burns, which I haye no hesitation in declaring, ?were caused by the mechanical hand which we :' picked up near the dead man. . And the explana tion of these things came from Miss Laura,, who was wild with terror at the death of her master, ? and said in her first outburst of grief and; fear, what I am sure she regretted in her calmer-mo ments. "It's all Frank's fault," she wept. "He was. poor and wished to be rich. . He got Percy to makè his will in his favor, and wanted to kill him by a shock. He knew that Percy had heart disease and that a shock might prove fatal; so he contrived that his cousin should sleep in the Blue Room oh Christmas Eve; and he himself played the ghost of Lady Joan with the burning hand. It was a steel hand, which he heated in his own room so as to mark with a scar, those it touch ed." "Whose idea was this?" I asked, horrified by the devilish ingenuity of the scheme. "Frank's!" said Miss Laura, candidly.' "He promised to marry me if I helped him to get the money by Percy's death. We found that there was a secret passage leading to the Blue Room; so some years ago we invented the story that it , was haunted." 1 "Why, in God's name?" ! "Because Frank was always poor. He knew , that his cousin in Australia had heart disease,.' and invited him home to kill him with fright. To make things safe he was always talking about the haunted room and telling the story so that everything should be ready-for Percy on his arri val. Our plans were all carried out. Percy ar rived and Frank got him to make the will in his -favor. Then he was told the story of Lady Joan and her hand, and by settingjfire to Percy's room I last night I got him,to sleep in the Blue Chamber without any suspicion, being ároused." . \- "You - wicked woman !" I cried. -"'''Did you fire Percy's room on purpose?" ¡ ; ".Yes. Frank promised to marry me if I help ed himi We had to get Perca to sleep in the Blue Chamber, jind-I.managed-it-by setting.fire to his bedroom. He would have died with fright Frank, as Lady Joanj touched him with tho steel' hand, and no one would haye been the wiser., Your sleeping in that haunted room saved Percy's life, Dr. Lascelles; yet Frankjinvited you down as; part of his scheme, that you' might' examine the body, and declare the death td be a natural one." "Was it Frank who burnt 'the wrist of Herbert Spence some years ago?" I asked. "Yes," rep-lied Miss Laura, wiping her red eyes. "We thought if the ghost appeared tc- a few other people, that Percy's death might seem' añore natural.' It was a. mere coincidence that Mr. Spence died three months after the .ghost tou'ohed him." .. ! .. "Do you know you are a very wicked' woman, Miss Laura?" ' ' "I aim a very unhappy one," she retorted. "I have lost the only man I ever loved; and his mis erable cousin survives to step into his shoes as tho master of Ringshaw Grange." That was the sole conversation I ¡had with the wretched woman, for shortly afterwards she dis appeared, and I fancy must have gone abroad, as she was never more heard of. ' At the inquest' held on the body of Frank the whole strange story came out, and was reported at full length by the London press to the dismay of ghost-seers; ¡for the fame of Ringahaw Grange as a haunted mansion had been great in the land. I was afraid lest the jury should bring in a verdict of manslaughter against me, but the pecu liar features of the : case being taken into consider ation I was acquitted of blame, and shortly after ¿wards returned .to India with an unblemished character. Percy -Ringan was. terribly distressed oh hearing of his cousin's death, and shocked" by the discovery ot his treachery, v However, he was consoled by becoming the-head of the family, and as he lives a quiet.life at -Ringshaw Grange there -ia not much chance: of bis early death from "heart ?disease-a-t adi "events from a ghostly point of -view. ' * '. ''? *.--. - \ The. Blue Chamber is shut up, for it is haunted now hy a worse spectre than that of Lady Joan, whose legend (purely fictitious) was so ingenious ly set forth by Frank. It is haunted by the ghost of the cold-blooded scoundrel who fell into his own. trap; and who met with his death in the very anoment he was contriving that of another man. As to myself,'*I ¡have given up ghost-hunting and sleeping in haunted rooms. Nothing will ever tempt me to experiment in that way again. One adventure of that sort is enough, bo last me a ilfe ?tlme. " ; (The End.) 