A CUNNING PANTHER. Captain C. J. Melliss, 9th Regiment Bombay Infantry, a well known hunter of big game, has an entertaining paper in the November " Scribner" on panther shooting in Central India. He has a good deal to say about a panther of diabolical cunning and insatiable appetite. For one whole year, he says, did I hunt the fiend. Innumerable were the goats I tied up as bait for him, and unflagging was the blood thirstyness with which he responded by mur- dering and devouring them. Innumerable were the days I toiled and clambered under blazing hot noonday suns over rocks and boulders, and through the jungle of the hillside, trying to get him ; innumerable were the weary hours I passed on moonlight nights, up trees watching over a goat's murdered remains. All in vain, neither by day nor by night would he come. He had taken a most one-sided view of the game. Properly, after devouring one of my goats, he should in return have allowed himself to be found Gorged near the Spot the next day, and to be driven toward me by the beaters ; but he had no true sense of sport. While I gasped under a sweltering sun, fruit- lessly hunting for him among the nullahs (ravines), or sitting open a hot boulder of black rock with the sun broiling my brains beneath my shikar-topee, awaited his coming in the beat, he must have been curled up peacefully napping in some distant shady spot, or licking his chops in amused reflection at the sport he was afford- ing me. Doubtless, too, he must have watched me as I sat amid the swaying branches of the slender bastard teak-tree in Many an all-night sitting by moonlight watching for him, and then de- parted, concluding that it would be wiser to postpone finishing the remains of the goat until I should have taken myself off. It seemed so, for as surely as I did not sit up over the remains of his kill, so surely did he return to it that night. I must confess, however, he gave me three chances at an early stage of our acquaintance. One afternoon I was watching from a tree over the remains of a goat he had killed the night before. It was early in the rains, the day had been a showery one, and the sun shone with but pleasant warmth. There was a stir and fresh- ness in the jungle about me. Animal and vegetable life seemed to rejoice in the salva- tion the blessed rains had brought them, and at the end of the fierce months of drought. Birds came and perched in the branches above me in the very tree where I sat, aiming to take no notice of the motionless figure beneath them, and brightened the jungle for me with their twittering. The usual amount that the panther had left of the goat showed that he had made but a mild meal for him, and was doubt- less the cause of his arrival so early in the afternoon ; or it may have been the heavy showers had disturbed him in his nap and the freshness of the air inclined him to stroll. Whatever the cause, he greatly surprised me by a very early arrival, and This is What Happened. It still wanted an hour or so to sunset. I had been beguiling the time by watching the nervous antics of the two mongoose (wild brothers of Rudyard Kipling's famous Rikki-Tikki) about the carcase of the goat. Their first entrance on to the scene, on having winded the goat, was made with the utmost caution. A pair of pointed little noses, and two pairs of sharp little eyes first peeped out from behind some big stones—slowly the owners of them emerged, every hair of their quivering little bodies be- tokening the utmost sense of danger and alert- ness. Growing gradually bolder, they drew near the body, ever keeping the brightest look-out all around, now and again sitting up squirrel- like, listening all they knew and " speering " about with the sharpest eyes for sight or sound of their dangerous neighbours ; for well they knew from whose meal they were about to pilfer —their keen little noses would tell them that. At length the temptation to feast grows too strong, and they would dive inside the goat's ribs to snatch a choice morsel, only to pop out the next instant all nerves and trepidation, and then some imaginary alarm would send them scuttling into the bush, then back again once more, the bolder spirit first, more nervous watch- fulness again yielding to the delight of another morsel, and so an over and over again. I had almost forgotten the panther in the amused in- terest I was taking in the quaint little creatures or otherwise should have paid more attention to the excited conversation that had been going on among some birds in a tree not far off. Thus Birds and Monkeys will often Warn the jungler of the approach of a tiger—the latter especially take every opportunity to ex- press by loud hooting the intensity of their feel- ings at the hated presence of either of the dread beings of their jungles. I have heard, too, that peculiar bark the sambar stag sound again and again in the night-air from out of the dark jungles on the banks of the Ner- budda, as he sends out a warning to his kind that Murderous " Stripes" is Stalking Near. But to return to the panther. The mongoose had grown more confident and their nerves less " jumpy,'' when something caused me to look down. There, some eight feet below me, al- most at the foot of my tree, stood the panther, a very big fellow, in all the jungle splendour of his shining yellow coat and rich black rosettes. With eyes fixed on the mon- goose, he stood perfectly motionless save for a gentle swaying of the end of his tail ; his right forearm advanced and head held forward below the line of his back, he looked the very personification of beautiful remorseless strength about to work its cruel will. The two tiny thieves were just at that moment much engrossed with the view of the goat's in- side, peering about for another tit-bit. Fascin- ated by the beauty of the panther and interested to see what would happen, I could not spoil the picture by firing. After a moment's pause the panther made a move forward—then a couple of silent bounds. It was the closest thing —only just in time the mongoose Whisked themselves off like lightning, and fled squeaking into the bush. The panther disappeared after them, but the next moment his yellow form stepped out from the green again into the open. Unfortunately his pursuit of the mongoose had taken him up hill, thus bringing him on a level with the low fork of the tree in which I sat. His quick eye caught sight of me instantly, and he stopped, looking up at me. Flurried by the idea that he would vanish on the instant, I threw up my rifle and fired without aim. Something yellow flashed into the bushes in silence. Missed ! I had, indeed, made a muddle of it in my desire to study natural history. The next time we met night was coming on— rain was falling, and I sat drenched and miser- able up a tree again. Suddenly, out of the darkness he stalked, a dim grey shadow, on to the scene. My rifle rang out—the grey shadow, vanished—missed again ! The third time it was again night, but there was a full moon. I am perched in a tree amid thick jungle high upon the hillside near the crest, whence I have a wide view of a beautiful moonlit landscape lying beneath me. Suddenly, without a sound, A silvery Panther, or the Ghost of one, glides softly across the open patch of moon- light, where the partly-devoured goat lay—its form silhouetted in vivid whiteness against the black shade of the surrounding bush. " Can't miss this time." I thought, as I levelled my rifle at him. But I did ; and let only those who know what it is to aim by moonlight cast the first stone. At last his fate overtook him. The yearly loss of value in gold coins by wear and tear whilst in circulation has been found to amount to £400 in every £1,000,000 sterling. 