SHOULD WE BELIEYE IN GHOSTS? It is difficult to determine whether the ' onarht' of your query implies an ethioal or a scientific obligation: and I am afraid the one as little admits of a final answer as the other. The present writer remembers a lady interpolating in the midst of a discussion on the snbject of ghosts the following highly original objection :—' Oh ! but the Bible says there may'nt be ghosts!' This, of course, was beside the mark, even though the lady was prepared to quote chapter and verse—which I doubt. And some one, I remember, immediately hoisted her on her own petard with the citation of the Witch of Endor evoking the spirit of Samuel from the bowels of "the earth. There seems nothing in the existence of ghosts actually at variance with current religious notions. To concede their existence is to postulate immortality or. at any rate, aperiod of life of some sort after death. Though, on the other hand, it is possible to hold with the Bishop of St. Asaph in his opinion that ' such means were unworthy of the Deity to employ'—'MK-h moans' referring to the referring to the childish, cajjjsieious, aimless and knavish tricks whioh characterise the recorded actions of the majority of ghosts, proving them to be possessed of a far lower intelligence than our own. The claims of Science are no less difficult to determine. If we accept unconditionally the enormous accumulation of evidence and observation, we are bound to believe that ghosts exist. On the other hand, none of our senses is infallible : things are not always what they seem : and there is a vast difference between untrained observation and the scientific observation of phenomena (though it is generally impossible to analyse the character of ordinary observation with »ny approach to finality). The Prince of Wales carries, wherever he goes, a pipe, half an ounce of tobacco, six cigarettes, two cigars, a cigar cutter, matches and a compass ; all fitted into one small pocket case. This was designed by the Princess Maud, who, by the way, is a very smart inventor. , , When ' Love flies out* of the window,' it is usually out of the dining-room window. 