THE CONQUEST OF LOVE, BY MAGGIE SWAN, Author of "Life's Blindfold Game," &e.; "It is good to sea your face again, Angus, after all these years, but why do you say you did not expect to find me here? Where should I be if not in the. old home where I have spent so many happy days?" - There was a certain amount of quiet pride expressed more perhaps in the speaker s tones than the words, and Aligns McLaren paused before he made the reply which had risen hastily to his lipa. ''Weill, Ellen, you have forgotten, surely, what it was that forced me to leave the Gairloch six years ago?_I couldn't bear thethoughb of even staying in the same country as David Warden and you, and I expected to hear of your wedding every mail that came to me in Coolgardie. It was a terrible strain on me, , for though I tried my hardest I couldn't put you out of mind so long as you wern't nis wife. In the end I had to give in and oome home to see what you were about. What's the meaning of it all, Ellen? When I went away Warden had but one thought, and that to get a manse, to take you to. He's had a kirk these two years past and more, and you are here yet—worst of all living by yourself, and looking more like a ghost than anything else I can imagine. It's not idle curiosity that bids me put so many questions, but \- because you and your interests are still first with me as they were six years ago, and I—I can't bear to see Each a change in you, Ellen. What is the meaning of it all? Ton can trust me to keep sacred every word that passes your lipa." The speakers were standing together at the door of a lovely little cottage set far up on the hill. Beneath the Gairloch lay like a sheet of glass reflecting all the glorious tints of the evening sky, and the dark and solemn shadowB of the hills. It needed only a glance at Angus McLaren to see that he had lately returnod from foreign parts. His face was tanned a copper hue. and though he carried his tall, agile figure with the air of a gentleman, a certain carelessness in his drees betokened that he had been spending his time where such matters were of very minute importance. His companion wae still young, though her cheeks had lost both roundness and bloom. She looked fragile almost to delicacy—the pale clearness of her faoe and the unwonted brilliance of her eyes folly justifying Angas McLaren's statement coneerning her. Perhaps her style of dress greatly helped to increase such an impression, for she was robed in spotless white, unrelieved by any colour save that given by the rich auburn of her hair and the intense blue of her luminous eyes. She had turned her. head away while Angus McLaren spoke, and in the abstraction of her own thoughts ruthlessly pulled the petals from a rose which she held in her hand. f " You have been hearing already that he never comes here now—the Gairloch folks all know though they would not dare aay a word to me," she began, turning again to him and speaking almost fiercely. Tfien why does he not come?—it most be your fault," interposed McLaren with intense eagerness. *' My fault—no, no; I have done noting to make him stay away, and I wrote to him till very shame made me stop writing any more. Ob, I should not speak of this to you, Angus, but my heart is crashed with the burden that lies on itj and I've had no one to seek comfort from since mother died-a year ago." " How long is it sinee he was here?" asked McLaren' again, his face growing every 'moment more stern and grim. " Ha came after mother died, but seemed so changed-I could not make him out at all. Then I had one letter from him ten months ago; that was the last." The voice sank almost to a whisper before • she ended, and she'clasped her hands together as if to still their trembling. The fire of wrath burned fiercely in Angus McLaren's eyes, and he walked a few pases from her and came back again before he answered. ''It's two years now, Ellen, since Warden was placed in that grank Kirk in Edinburgh, and if be loved you as he said he did when he won your heart away from me, I should not have come back to find you here to-day. He may have some good reason for what he is doing—bitter as I feel against him Til say that —but I'll not rest till I found out what he means. Do not start and look frightened, Ellen; your interests are safe in my hands, though loving you as I do it is a terrible temptation to put my own claim first. And that I would soon do if it wasn't plain enough to me that the luck is all on Warden's side, as it was six years ago." V.You have been my good friend always, Angus, ever since we were boy and girl, and sailed our little boats down yonder on the Gairloch. But'he won my. love—and I am not one of the women who can take back what is once given; my love is his for life now, whether he scorns it or no" " Ellen, Ellen, your words madden me—oh, the fool that he is! Forgive me for speaking so of the man you love, but my wrath is fierce against him at this moment, and I must not stay longer in your presence. You think me a poor comforter—yet I would willingly sacrifice my life to bring you the happiness you deserve—and I shall not rest till I have seen the end of this matter." She gave him her hand when he had ended, and he held it for a moment in his strong grasp, their eyes meeting, his wild, intense, and passionate, as hers sorrowful even to hopelessness. Then, almost flinging her hand from him in the fiercenessof his pain, he strode out of the garden and down the hill to the quiet loch side. " Hallo, Warden! don't you know an old chum when you see him? Lucky, isn't it, that I wasn't a minute later or I should certainly have missed you?" Such was the greeting which fell upon .the ears of the Rev. David Warden a few steps from his own door, from which he had just emerged, dressed in immaculate ' clericals' and spotless linen. Angus McLaren had entered the street from the other end, and ooming on him from behind, took him quite unawares. He turned swiftly on McLaren's greeting, and his face, though . full of surprise, was not in any way suggestive of pleasure. " Where in the worldhave yon sprungfram, McLaren? I thought you were safe in the wilds of Goolgardie at the present moment," be said, his lipB relaxing before the genial light of McLaren's eyes. "A sudden notion possessed me to see the old country again, so I came off without giving anybody due,warning. It is only four days since I arrived at the Gairloch, so you should feel flattered that I have sought you out so soon. It's a hot business tramping the streets to-day, and I'm glad I've got sight of yon at last. Your house is just at hand, I suppose." *• Yes, that is it there," answered Warden, pointing up the flight of steps he had just descended, "but,"he went on hesitatingly, "I am just setting out for a garden party this afternoon—given by one of my wealthiest members, and from which I dare not absent myself. We poor ministers, you know, are in a sense dependent on our congregations; we require to be very careful always not to slight their favours however muoh we may feel tempted." "Humbug! your wealthy member will be no worse a setting aside for once. I've come all the way from the Gairloch to see you; so I'm not going to let you off. Of course, if I thought I was depriving you of either profit or employment, I wouldn't seek to hinder you, but what good can a man like you find in garden parties or any such womanish frivolities? Gome along. Warden, we've a tremendous lot to talk over since we met last, and I've only two hours to give you, so let's get out of this glaring sun and under the shelter of your hospitable roof." McLaren turned and proceeded to mount the steps before he had ended, so that there was no alternative left for Warden but to follow, which he did with very questionable grace. brows were knotted together in a frown, his eyes full of perplexity, but to these apparent signs of displeasure McLaren pud no heed. He had come to-day with the purpose of playing a certain role, and being a man of determination was not likely to be , moved by Buch trifles as these. " I see you are the same unthinking, happygo-lucky fellow you were six years ago," said the minister, smiling in spite of himself as he watched McLaren esconce himself in the most comfortable of his study chairs. "Worldly wisdom is apparently a quality which some cannot learn, or yon should have had it after so much knocking about." "You think so," replied a McLaren, and his eyes passed from a critical survey of the minister's handsome face and figure, to the rich furnishings of the room. "Well, if you know how to acquire it I shall be very glad of a lesson, especially, if it can bring me into possession of such comfortable quarters as these. But I'm not sure that it's worldly wisdom that.does it either," he went on, growing suddenly earnest, "you were always a fortunate chap. Warden, the good things of this life have all come to you as a matter of course"' "You are wrong there," interposed the minister, hastily.' "I had to strive and work ' hard, as weil as other men, before I met with success." " Aye, but Warden, there's luck in it, too. Some strive with their whole souls, yet do not achieve the thing they want. But, by the way. there's one direction in which your usual good luck seems to have failed you. How Comes it that Ellen _ Stewart is still Ellen Stewart instead of mistress of your manse? Blushing, are you? Well. I thought that after six years' courtship you would be past that stage. When is the wedding to be, then? I did my best to get it out of Ellen, but women are coy about these things." • "You have seen her?" questioned the minister,'in a strained unnatural voice, while he kept his eyes carefully averted from McLaren's direct gaze. " Oh, yes, when I heard she was still at the Gairloch X called at onoe, though I knew i would be an ordeal for me. That's another thing, Warden, that six years of roughing it hasn't learned me—to forget her. She's your promised wife—I bear that in mind, but I loved her as well as you, and to the end of my life shell always be to me the one woman among ten thousand. She has changed somewhat since I saw her last, yet though there is a sadness about her which 1 do not quite understand, she is sweeter and lovelier than ever. I think. Warden, that God means some special good towards a man when be puts it into the heart of such a woman to love him. I have felt this deeply since I have seen in my wanderings how much men's lives are under the influence of women. Your life cannot fail to be anything but upright and honourable because a good woman loves you. Aye— it is the only blessing you have I covet you." (To be concluded to-morrow.) 