lSTOVEL. A Question of Courage By FRANCIS LYNDE„ CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) Hester covered her face with her hands, and the compassionate comforter saw a tear trickle down one of the shapely fingers. There, there. Hester dear : don't crv : 1 know yon can't talk about it yet, not even to me.' The girl looked up Frith cheeks aflame. 4 And you know why I can't ! It's shame ful to even think of snch a thing !' 4 No, it isn't, — not from my point of view; you must remember I know some things on the other side, and if Hugh hasn't spoken it's because he has been restrained by a nobler motive than most men could find a place for. Ob, yen needn't hide your face again : I'm not going to" do his wooing for him ; you'll find he can do that for himself, some day, and then he'll tell you all about it.' Hester rose and crossed to the window commanding a view of the mountain and Mrs Ludlow weat away to attend to her household duties. "When she looked in an hour later, the girl was still standing at the wmoow, JOCiMUg viin vrisiini eyre ar. hib forest- clad slopes of the great hill, as if seeking to read the secret of the mystery on the fair pages of the landscape. It was a loDg, weary day for the two women, and in the afternoon Hester announced her intention of returning to 'The Laurels.' ' I shall hear sooner, if I go hack,' she said, in reply to Mrs Ludlow's effort to detain her, ' and the delay is pitifully hard at best.' ' Shan't I have John get ont the phaeton, eo I can drive you up ?' 'No,' replied Hester, with her face averted. ' I think it will be better for me to go by myself. If— if it should turn out as I fear, I should want to be quite alone for a while.' Mrs Ludlow understood, and did not seek to change her plans ; and after the girl had disappeared iu the windings of the mountain road, the tender-hearted little woman took the vacant place at the window, watching eagerly for the first signs of the returning search-party. She was standing there yet when the sun went behind the mountain and the first stragglers of the party began to appear in the road ; and she was trying so earnestly to distinguish the form of her husband among the men that she did not hear him when he entered the room. A single glance at his face disheartened her, and she conld not find words to frame the question that found better speech in her eyes. 'No, we didn't find bim,' said Ludlow, gravely, answering her thought. ' We quartered every foot of the plateau and looked all along under the cliffs on both brows of the mountain. He's not up there, dead or alive. And that isn't all: the McRabb was blown up again last night.' Mrs Ludlow seemed not to have heard the last sentence, for she put- her arms around her huaband's neck and hid her face on his bosom, sajing, softly, ' Oh, poor, poor Hester ; OHAPTER XI. the building of a 8taib. Good resolutions, backed by whatever plea of advisability or necessity, are not -always certain to bear fruit after their kind. When Rtngbrand flung himself down beside the Jog to wait for the dawn, he f ally intended keeping awake in order to take advantage of the earliest light for the beginning of the new endeavour. So ran the alert deter- nination ; but he who watches may not lie quietly with closed eyes, and when Ringbrand sprang to his feet out of a sound sleep the taorniiig was far advanced. Reproaching himself remorsefully for his want of vigilance, he recalled the details of the plan which had suggerted itself in the jj'gbt, and went immediately to work. He hrst ascertained half the length of the log by measuring it with the rope, and with the dimension thus obtained he gauged the varying width of the cavern until he found a point where the walis approached each other so nearly as to make 1L0 intervening correspond exactly with his measurement. The next Btep was to out the log into two j pieces of equal length, and, dragging it ont into the better light tinder the aperture, he narrowly missed throwing it down upon an other package of food similar to the one found in the same spot on the previous morning. It was a welcome snrprise, and he stopped work long enough to devour the hard corn-bread and greasy baccn, thinking that the daintiest breakfast ever brought him by the well -trained waiter in the grill-room of his New York club had not been eaten with a keener relish. ' It must be the woman,' he soliloquized; ' it can't be anyone else ; and if these fellows have put their devilish plot in motion I'll get no more rations from that source, because they were to send her away to-day. After all, though, I don't know as it makes much difference ; if another night finds me still in this hole I shan't care much what becomes of me.' Putting the shadow of despondenoy into words had the effect of defining it, and he shook it off resolutely. 4 That'll never do ; there must be no 'ifs' and 'ands about it : I've just got to get out of here while this daylight. lasts.' He swallowed the last mouthful of bread and fell to work again, beginning to out a grove aronnd the middle of the log by in cessant and careful strokes of the pick. In turning the piece of timber, he saw where the mountaineer's ehot had ploughed a deep furrow in it, and he knew then that the bruise on his arm had been made by the glancing and half-spent ballet. He scarcely heeded the grim reminder, and as he bent patiently to bis work he thought how quiokly the school of privation and hardship begins to impress its lessons of indifferenoe upon the mind. There are many things easier of accom- ment than the catting in two of a Bix-incb stick of tough oak with the dull point of a pick as a substitute for an. axe ; and the muscles of Ringbrand's back and arms were in painful rebellion, and his hands were sore and blistered, long before the thing was done. As a college man, he had been rather fond of athletics, and the training of the university gymnasium, reaching up through the over- lying years of sedentary habit, gave him the power of endurance and enabled him to keep steadily at work iu spite of the protests of back and arms and hands ; but this did not lessen the acuteness of the pain, nor did it dnll the keen agony of apprehension that seized upon him as he saw how slowly the cutting progressed. Notwithstanding his perseverance and the feverish energy with which he worked, the hands of bis watch marked the hour of noon when the la-it re maining fibres of the wood gave way under tbe blows of the pick, and, stopping only long enough to get a drink of water from tbe pool, he carried the pieoea to the point deter mined by the measurement with tbe rope, and began to fit one of them breast -high between the vertical walls as tbe first round .of his ladder. By Jove! talk about rpecial providences —what chance would I have if this bit of timber hadn't tumbled down here ?' It was a comfort to think aloud in the dead silence of t he place. Now, if I can wedge this so it will hold me—' A half-dozen trials went for nothing, and he sat down to worry it ont in theory. 'It's too long — that's what's the matter with it : but if I cut it off it may be too short for the next place, and that won t do. Let me see ; X wonder if I couldn't dig a little step for the lower end.' He was on his feet again in a moment, picking a shallow hole in the soft sandstone. The expedient answered the purpose, and when the log was adjusted he tried it, first by littles and then fcy climbing up and jumping upon it. It held, and he forgot his aches and pains in the exultant joy of success. That demonstrates it : if I can fit one, I can fit the others. And I'll get the hang of it presently, so I can work faster. It ought not to take more than six of these to carry me to the top; six, or possibly seven,' — scanning the cleft above him, — 'and I've got five hours or such a matter to do it in. At that rate it will be dark when I get back to Ludlow's : but that won't matter. An hour will give me all the time I want at Tom's, and we can figure safely up to ten o'olook.' Then the folly of planning so far ahead while he was still in prison that for Iwo days and a half had resisted all hia ef forts to break it strnck him like the rebuke of a taakmaker, and he slid down from the log with a mild imprecation pointed at hiB own vagaries. 'That's just like me,' he muttered, ' sending my imagination across the river before the bridge iB even planned. Work is the word, yoH speculative idiot! Do you hear that P Work !' To Ins great astonishment, i-he word seemed to bring an answer from the upper world, and he ran to the other end of the cavern to listen. The h«lIo was repeated, and he answered it with all the strength of his lungs ; once again he heard the ory, hut this time it was fainter, and after that the silence was undisturbed. Alive to the im- Dortance of utilizing every moment of time, Ringbrand leiurned 10 liis work ; but the expiring glimmer of the hope raised by the answering shout left a feeling of depression which would have unmanned bim had he known that one of the searching miners bad actually looked down into the cavern at the moment when, he was climbing down from the first step of his problematical stair. Fitting the first round of the ladder from the solid standing- ground offered by the bottom of the cave was much easier than the adjustment of the second, bat Ringbrand had his plans well thought out now, and he worked carefully and methodically, saving the precious momonts in every possible way. Climbing to a seat upon the round already t-W.pA hn hoisted the other niece of wood after him by means of the rope ; and, balancing upon the precarious footing, he succeeded after many cautious trials in hew ing out a resting-place for the second step in his stairway. With the fixing of this round, however, the difficulties immediately doubled, beoause the subsequent steps mast be fitted eaoh from the slight scaffold ing afforded by the other. Making a final trip to the floor of the cavern, Ringbrand tied one end of the rope to the pick, and carrying the other end with bim, he ascended and fastened it to the first piece of wood. Then climbing to the second, he repeated the foimer operation, dislodging the lower round by gentle upward blows with the swinging picK and drawing it up until he conld grasp and raise it to a point still higher in the cavern. The plan was com pletely successful, but its slow progress con sumed the time remorselessly, and the strain of work and anxiety began to tell upon him. He fought desperately against the rising fever of impatience, knowing well enough that everything now depended npon his abi'ity to go on with persistent determina tion and with steady bands. As he neared the roof of the cavern, where the shadows were deeper, the difficulty of placing the cross pieces increased so greatly that he grew faint and dizzy with lifting and reach ing ; and while he was raising the last step in the stair to its place between the walls, he suddenly became blind and tremulous, the heavy log s'ipped from his hands and went crashing to the bottom of the chasm, and a second afterward he lost his balanoe and fol lowed. it, catching frantically at the uneven walls as he slid back to the sandy floor. The sharpest discouragement is sometimes a bl' Bsing in disguise. The shock of the fall and the apparent failure of his carefully laid plan seemed to inspire Ringbrand with an energy born of despair. Straggling to his feet, and gathering new courage from the thought that the other end of the rope was still fastened to the remaining round ia the upper shadows, he lasted the stick that had fallen to the oud to which the pick was attached, and climbed once more to the perch in tbe twilight under the roof. Fired "With an enthusiasm which banished all thought of fatigue, he soon had the swaying log in his gratp again, and after a moment of critical poising the last step wbs wedged into its place and driven securely home by a few blows with the piok. Without waiting to i test its stability, he swung up to the frail I staging, drew the piok up after him, and balanced himself for the attack upon the roof. Just at this juncture the thought suddenly came to him that he had built bis ladder upon the mere supposition that the roof was assailable, and an awful fear that instead of yielding earth he might encounter a huge boulder almost unnerved him. There was no time tor hesitation, however, and, summoning all his strength, he swung the piok upward, giving a glad ory of relief and a hearty ' Thank God !' when the iron tore a great hole through the thin covering, bringing down a Bhower of earth and pebbles upon bim, and letting the blessed light of day into the gloomy shadows of the pit. A minute later he was standing,- begrimed and bieathless, bat heart-whole and thank ful, upon the firm turf of the mountain-top ; and, pausing only long enough to get his bearings, he set off at a quick trot toward Tregarthen, taking a straight course through tbe forest and keeping the direotion by the red glow of the sunset. CHAPTER XII. A VALOBOU8 COWAED. The leader of the nnsnecessfnl party of sea ohers was just finishing his sapper, in the intervals of whioh delayed meal he had been giving nis wite a detailed narration 01 the events of the day. 4 And now I sup pose I've got to go and pat in the night at the McNabb,' he added : ' these raids have, got to be stopped, if- ' Mrs Ludlow held up a warning finger. ' I thought that was our gate,' she said, and presently they both heard the quick nervous tread of some one coming up the gravelled walk. Then there was a step on the veranda, and before either of them could rise a grimy apparition appeared at the door of the dining-room. Lndlow sprang to his feet with an ezolamation of glad surprise. By Jove, old fellow, but you did give me a turn!' he exclaimed, grasping the ap parition's hand and wringing it heartily. 4 I thought it was your ghost,— I did, for a fact ; and I believe the small madam thinks so yet. — Helen, dear, wake up and allow me to introduce Mr Ringbrand.' Mrs Lndlow rose unsteadily and ran up, laughing and crying in the same breath. ' You foolish man !' she said, pushing her husband aside impetuously, ' can't yon see that Hugh is nearly dead? — and you stand there making your miserable jokes ! Why don't yon run for the doctor, qniok ?' In spite of the dreadful secret that was weighing him down like a nightmare, Ring- brand dropped ' into the nearest chair and laughed till the tears out little channels through the grime on his cheeks. 4 You mustn't mind mo,' he said, as soon as he conld speak ; ' I haven't laughed for three whole days, and it sounds so good and home like to hear you talk again. I don't want a doctor, Tom,' — Lndlow was edging toward the hat- rack, — ' I need soap and water and something to eat. — Mrs Ludlow, I'm yoar guest, and I've lost ten consecutive meals : please have Aunt Mina put the whole ten of them on the table, and I'll devour them when I've washed off a little of this war paint.' Mrs Lndlow vanished in the direotion of the kitchen, and Ringbrand rose and grasped his friend's arm. 'Tom, you come up stairs with me while I clean up a hit, and I'll tell you what I can. There's work out out for both of us to-night, with not. any too much time to spare.' \- Lndlow followed him np-stairs, asking, Shall I turn on the water in the bath-room for you ?' ' No ; there isn't time for that ; hut you may open those valises and get me a whole clean outfit— the black suit with the cut away will do.' He got ont of his soiled clothing hur- riedly, throwing the different artioles all about the trim room and hastily recounting the story of his capture, imprisonment, and escape, concluding by giving an outline of the plot against the Latimers as set forth in the conversation between the two men in the cave. Great heavens ! but it's lnoky your over heard that talk,' ejaculated Lndlow, paus ing in his aimless search among the contents of the travelling-bags. ' It's something more than luck, Tom,' replisd Ringbrand, sluicing his face in the basin ; it's Providence, or else I shouldn't b9here to tell abont it.' 4 Have yon thought of any plan to check mate the scoundrels ?' ' I have, and it needs yonr help. As soon as I've had something to oat, we'll drive up to ' The Laurels,' and then yon can take the first opportunity that offers to get the colonel by himself while you tell him about it. He can tell Henry quietly, and there'll be no need of alarming Mies Hester. After she has gone to bed we'll hold a council of war, put out the lights, and dispose onr forces so as to give the Bynums a warm welcome when they come ; they will not make the attempt much before midnight, and we will have plenty of time to get ready for them. Hadn't we better take a few of the men with us ? — the By nam boys will fight like devils when they find themselves cornered.' ' I think it won't be necessary — can't you find that suit P You see, there will be four of us, and if you can manage to capture the one who is holding the horses, I think the colonel and Henry and myself will be good for the other two. I had thought of sug gesting something like this. They will leave the horses in the grove at the left of the avenne, and you can post yourself where you ban slip np and surprise your man. Then the others will proceed to fire the house, — probably at the front — retreating to the cover of the clump of laurels to await developments, for the sake of having a clear case of arson against them, I thought it would be best to wait until they had aotually started the fire, and wLi.te they are doing this I can get behind the iaai f-ls and the colonel and Henry can prepare to cover the men with their rifles as they retreat. At the proper moment I can show myself and demand a surrender, and we'll liave them pretty well surrounded.' Lndlow rose from his knees and proceeded to dump the contents of the valises upon the bed, whistling softly to himself as ho did so. ' The scheme's as clear as diluted daylight, and it is worthy of a graduate of Scotland Yard,' he said. There is only one point that is a little misty : you've given yourself a part that will ask for a heap of downright cold-blooded nerve, Hugh, What have you done with your respected traditions of in herent cowardice, and the like ?' « Left them in the hole up on the moun tain, I hope,' replied Ringbrand, struggling into the clothing handed him by Ludlow. 4 Anyway, that is just what I want to find out. On two occasions within the last three days I have managed to scare up courage enough to stand up to danger like a man, but the conditions were suoh as would have made a rabbit turn and fight. What I want to know now is if the inspiration were merely an exaggeration of the instinct of self- defence, or if i really did gain a viotory. « Well, you're certainly in a fair way to settle the question if you carry out your pro- gramme. Has it occurred to you that your calm demand will probably be answered by a couple of rifle balls ?' 4 I have thought of that, but 1 mean to take the chances,— if I do not weaken and make a failure of the whole affair.' Ringbrand completed his haBly toilet, and went down to the dining-room, where Mrs Ludlow was waiting to serve the returned wanderer. He took bis acoustomed place and made a ravenous onslaught upon the hastily prepared supper that astonished and gratified the sympathizing hostess. 4 How dreadfully hungry you were! she aaid call- mz Aunt Mima to replenish the empty broad plate. ' Haven't you had anything to eat all theso days ?' i much. I will tell you all about it the first ohance I get.' (To he continued.) . 