Short Story. Lassoing a Lover. By Mrs. M. L. Rayne. Within a very short space of time—so short that few have noticed its disap- pearance—there stood a brick building in the suburbs of the city of Alameda, which was a waggon shop and a smithy combined. The place had more than a local reputation, on account of the ex- cellence of its work, the smith being especially proficient in his department, employing the art of a veterinary sur- geon in a rude but successful way. Nor had he his equal in the country for putting a shoe on u horse, the most frac- tious animal submitting itself to his skilled hand without demonstration. Indeed, his sibilant " P-s-t!" whistled through his teeth in an indescribable manner, acted like a charm on the most unruly equine spirit. So Steve Damer's forge was glowing when others were dark and silent, and his rivals expressed their dislike for him and his successes in many ways. They, sneered at him for a half-breed and attributed his luck to the arts of savagery. The smith did not care. There was only one thing on earth for which he did care—that was his beauti- ful daughter Pauline, the stately girl who would have graced the most refined home in the State, but who had returned from school, with no higher ambition than to serve in her father's kitchen. There was little else to the whole abode, save loft above, but it was as neat and dainty as loving hands could make it. None of the neighbouring houses had much quaint decorations. The wings of bright-plumaged birds crossed on the walls. Bow and arrows tied with strings of wampum. Moccasins of soft skins, embroidered in rare patterns with many coloured beads, unlike any work done by skilled American hands. For why ? Pauline Damer was the daughter of an Indian princess, and inherited her right to do such work, for her instincts were those of her mother's picturesque people, the Tulticas, whose name means " art" and who are neither nomads nor idola- ters, but a people who are pastmasters in all the arts and industries. When the dark-skinned young wife of Steve Damer died, he went back to civilisation to find himself an alien and his bright-eyed baby squaw, his little woman, an object of impertinent curi- osity. " A marriage with a squaw is no mar- riage at all in the eyes of white law," said the good people who sustain mis- sions for Christianising the Indians, and they then signified their willingness to receive the child-barbarian as a ward of the nation. But Steve Damer was loyal to the memory of his dead wife and her people, refused to part with his Pauline, or give her over even temporarily to the despisers of her mother's race. He did, however, send her to school, where she was treated well, even to the extent of being admired and petted, for two reas- ons. One was that she was considered a sprig of nobility, however rough and rude the branch from which she came ; the other because phenomenal sums were paid for her expenses, and her father kept himself out of sight. The was her mother's, a heritage her father used to make her a scholar and a lady, which last she was by birthright. Damer was busy in his shop, for it was race week, and the horses needed care- ful preparation for the event on which so many thousands of dollars were staked. Bendemeer had been brought over from San Francisco to have his shoes refitted, and Nankipoo was being shod anew on fours, while Sun-of-a-Gun waited his turn. Jockeys and hostlers and a few owners accompanied the horses. All the talent was on hand and there was the visual acrobatic betting, the stakes being of unusual importance. Little Tough had won a five-furlong race in 1.01, the fastest time made by a two-year-old, and Jordan had been fouled at the head of the stretch. So the talk went on until all had taken their turn and gone, with the exception of one man, an owner who sent his jockey away and lingered to have a confidential talk with the smith. " Why doesn't Harlow Lincoln bring his chestnut here to be shod ?" was the first question when they were alone. " Ask him," answered the smith curtly ; he knew his man and did not feel it was necessary to be civil. " Have a swallow," said the other with a disagreeable smile, extending a hand- some silver-mounted flask toward the smith. " How do I know it ain't fixed ?" asked Damer suspiciously. " Great Caesar's ghost, man, have you no common sense ? I want you to have all your wits about you if—if Lincoln's Delight is to lose the race to-morrow. I should think you would want to be even with him for all his snubs and slights." Damer took a long draught from the flask before answering. The subtlety of the liquor entered into his heart and brain. As long as he left liquor alone— and he knew it for a fact—he was a decent man. When he drank he became ugly and morose, and easily offended. It was long since his last spree. He had promised Pauline— ha ! Pauline, the thought of her accelerated the work of liquor. Harlow Lincoln had slighted Pauline in some way. Damer did not know how, but on her coming there the young ranchman had shown her much attention, and she almost admitted to her father that she looked upon him as a king among men, and then he had stayed away, and ever since Pauline had lost her light- heartedness. Damer heard too often the taunting couplet of his own people : " The floods may pour from morn till night, Nor wash the pretty Indian white." He hated Lincoln for not returning his daughter's love, and this scheme to get even appealed to his worst nature. Put into speech, it meant that the smith should get access to Delight, the famous running chestnut booked for the mor- row's race, and cripple the animal so as to prevent him from going on the track. To the little honour he had left, he re- fused money, for the crime. He was willing, in his cups, to do the dastardly deed solely for revenge. Neither of the conspirators saw a shadow cross the door-sill and speed away into the gathering night. It was Pauline, who had gone to the smithy to walk home with her father, as she often did, leaving the supper ready to eat on the table. Now she did not go home, but straight as an arrow flies, she sought the home of Harlow Lincoln. No blush of maiden delicacy stained her olive cheek. She thought not of herself, but of the two men she loved, her father and Harlow Lincoln, who had stolen the sweet possession of her young heart from her. She knew how much he cherished the chestnut Delight, and that a fortune awaited him should he win—and—she would save her father from being a criminal. But Lincoln was away from home. The bachelor menage was closed and no one about but the man who took care of Delight, and the small jockey who on the morrow was to ride him as he confi- dently believed to victory. The little jockey had heard of the In- dian princess, but had never seen her, and he was so pleased with her beauty that he at once took her for his mascot, and begged a bit of ribbon to wear as his colours. Together they visited the stable and Pauline took a look around. " Does some one watch here all night ?" she asked. " I do," said the jockey proudly ; " I has my bed 'longside o' Delight, and locks up, and I has pistols, and know how to shoot." . The girl stood by the favourite who had been watched and admired every hour of the day, and was as nervous as a woman. Pauline touched the silky skin that shone in a hundred golden lights in the glare of the lantern which the jockey lighted. It was beautiful, but she belonged to a people that do not love the horse, except as an article of diet. But she loved the horse's master. Not that she admitted it to herself. I, as a relater of facts, may state what I know. The native delicacy of her In- dian nature was tempered by the re- serve of her white blood. Not for worlds would she have given Harlow Lincoln a foretaste of that love which could have made his heaven. She went, leaving no message, and much troubled about the course she should pursue. Her father was not at the house, nor did he come later, and at last she could stand the suspense no longer. She determined to go back to the stable and warn the young man if he had returned, and if he were still absent, to caution the little jockey. She waited long after coming to this decision, then taking down from the wall the coil of rawhide that hung there, she hid it under the serape she wore, and sped away, light of foot but heavy of heart, to the rescue of Delight and her father. There all was dark and still, except an occasional stamp of the impatient ani- mal, or a low whinney, and Pauline called in vain for the boy or any atten- dant, and at last finding a window high up in the stable open, she scaled the wall, and groped her way through the gloom, to a place where she could see the floor below and Delight in his stall, with the jockey sleeping heavily beside him. The little fellow had been drugged, and would not awaken for some hours. Pauline was stricken with a horrible fear of the consequences to her father. She was afraid of him, too, when he had been drinking, and knew he would not listen to reason. What should she do ? Seating her- self on a bale of alfalfa she tried to think, when she heard a noise at a side entrance to the building. All the possibilities of the occasion rushed into her mind like a torrent. What if her father did not come, and Harlow Lin- coln did ? It might not be necessary for her to incriminate her father, but how then could she account for her own presence there ? And the condition of the boy ? And then the door opened and the outline of a man appeared. It was her father ! He crept in stealthily—so unlike his usual free step—and quieted the excited horse with the familiar "p-s-t !" Then he dropped on one knee and took up the left hind foot. But he no time to wreak his will on the poor brute. Some- thing whizzed through the air in a black, snaky circle, and descending with unerring certainty drew taut around the neck of Steve Damer, stretching him out on the floor, where he writhed black in the face. At the same moment the frightened horse plunged and snorted, and screaming with fear, tried to break his halter. There was a moment's com- motion at the door in the front of the stable, which was broken from its hinges, and Harlow Lincoln, followed by several excited men, burst into the place. It took but a moment to realise the true meaning of the scene, and then each man caught hold of the lasso, and gave it a twirl. But like a spirit, a form glided between them and cut the noose at the neck of the prostrate and unconscious man. " I save your horse—give me my father's life," said the girl, confronting the angry owner of Delight. " You-saved-my-horse ?" he asked in scornful incredulity. " Yes. You do not know how to care for precious things. The boy has been drugged, and your enemy—not my father—is at your door. My father was the tool of another man. Give me his life for your Delight, and win the race to-morrow. We will go where you can never hear of us again." Damer had recovered his conscious- ness and was on his feet, but being so- bered could not recall his part in the affair. " Take him," said Lincoln, not un- kindly, " and if you saved my horse I thank you, Pauline." She looked like a young queen as she led the bewildered man away, and one of the men made a slighting remark about her " Injun blood" giving her a good gait, and measured his length on the floor before the speech was well out of his mouth. " You will please speaks respectfully of Delight's friends—and mine," said Lincoln, with a fierce gleam in his eye. The next day the little jockey was all right and figured to win. He wore the ribbon of the Indian princess, and De- light ran from start to wire in the good time of 1.13. distancing all competitors. When the owner of the winning horse counted up his gains he was satisfied to keep that which he had won and retire to his ranch a rich man. He thought much of Pauline in those days, as he had at another and earlier phase of their ac- quaintance. Her beauty, her maidenly modesty, her many graces of mind and character, had made an impression upon him and he believed those very graces were derived from her heroic lineage. He felt it to be an imperative duty to call on her and thank her again for the good luck she had brought him. Per- haps she would be his mascot for life. He rode Delight, who was proudly con- scious of a new outfit and pranced ac- cordingly, setting off the figure of his young master to its best advantage. There was no sign of life about the cabin, the smithy was closed, but the owner of the waggon-making portion of the building said that the smith had taken his daughter and gone back to her mother's people, on the Big River. To be foiled in his desire is the strong- est incentive to a man to gain the object of his hope. Delight felt his master's spurs that day as never before. Harlow Lincoln could hear that soft, low voice saying, " You do not know how to care for precious things," and he real- ised as most of us do at some period of our lives that blessings brighten as they take their flight. But he is a young man of enterprise, and the tightening of the lasso of love around his affections may yet lead him to the rancherio on Big River, which is not quite at the end of the world. —Mrs. M. L. Rayne, in the " Detroit Free Press." 