READY TO PERISH. Clarence Mansfield stood under the clear autumn moonlight in a secluded spot in Hyde Park, a homeless, hopeless, stricken man. He was filled with despair too deep for words, and the most bitter thought in his heart was that he had been brought to this terrible pass by his own mad folly. The quiet stars shone above him ; and the night winds sighed mournfully through the trees and amid the long grass as the despairing man moved slowly along, and then sunk upon a seat with a groan. A sound struck his ear—the hour called aloud by many clocks. He mechanically drew from his pocket a handsome gold watch, and by the uncertain light regarded its face. As he re- placed the watch in his pocket a bitter smile crossed his pale face. " What matters the our ?" he said aloud. The man was in that lonely spot with a fearful purpose—he had come there to die. Yes, in that solitary spot he intended to take the life that had grown an intolerable burden, too heavy to be borne, a curse instead of a blessing. It had come to this : he, a man in the first bloom of manhood, no longer wished to live. Disgraced by his own actions, he had no courage to face the world he knew— rather would he leap unbidden into eter- nity, and brave the perils he knew not. He drew forth a revolver, and placed it upon the seat beside him, where it lay with a pas- sing ray of moonlight falling through elm leaves, and glinting on its polished surface like the smile of an evil spirit, sinister and deadly. " I am lost, body and soul," said the man, removing his hat slowly, with a wild thought of prayer flashing through his brain. He raised the pistol, and placed its cold muzzle against his burning brow. " Hold. What is this ?" The voice startled the suicide. He lowered the weapon, and gazed at the speaker in angry surprise. The man seemed to have sprung up from the path-way on which he stood, so suddenly had he ap- peared. " Who are you ?" asked Mansfield haughtily. " Never mind me. Who are you and what are you doing ?" " Why should I render an account of myself to you, ?" asked Clarence defiantly. " I am a desperate man," replied the other, calmly. " Like yourself, I came here to put an end to an ill-spent life. Now, before we die, let us talk a little together. Moralise by the sweet, silver light of the moon. Why do you kill yourself ? I do it because I am haunted by the everlasting shadow of past ill- doings, my dead past, as you may say. They talk of angels weeping over lost sinners ; well, they can weep over me if they have nothing better to do. I can't do any weeping myself. I once owned a mansion in yonder avenue. Now I stand under the stars without a shilling in my pocket. I saved sixpence to buy poison, but it must have slipped out through a hole in my pocket, and I found I had only a half penny left. I knew it was useless to buy any with that—a half-pennyworth of poison could never make an end of a tough citizen like me, so I walked up here. I have that half- penny left. I'll give it to you for a loan of your revolver, for bad as my credit is, I don't want to die in debt to you. I'm not naturally mean. I'll die first." Mansfield looked at his new acquaintance in perfect astonishment. What sort of man was this to die with a jest, albeit a bitter one, upon his lips ? He appeared about 35 years of age ; he was tall and thin, his hair and beard were light brown, straggling and unkempt, and his clothing were extremely shabby. His eyes were bright and piercing, of a peculiar light grey hue, and his long, slim, white hands were constantly in motion, betraying his nervous tempera- ment. He constantly kept looking around him, as if he dreaded he knew not what. " Who are you ?" asked Clarence, for the stranger seemed restless under his scrutiny. It was a blunt, question, but two men bent upon suicide could dispense with ceremony. " I am Alfred the Great, Christopher Columbus, Napoleon crossing the Alps, the Ghost of Hamlet's father. Moral, anything you like, ' rose by any other name.' What's the use of arguing over one's name at a time like this? Let us study cause and effect, devote our last moments to something useful. The causes of my present condition are too much wine, too much card-playing, too much worse than doubt- ful company, and lastly, a big speculation in grain that went the wrong way ; the effect of all this being that I can't stand it any longer." " I did not inquire your name from idle curiosity," said Clarence. " I was struck by the strange circumstance of your appear- ing just at the moment you did—just when I was about to either put an end to my misery or plunge headlong into a worse hell than this." " There is no hell unless we make it so. Look around you. Could mortal eyes gaze upon a fairer picture ? See how the golden moonlight gleams on the moving billows of grass, wet with dew. See the graceful shadows cast by those tall trees, in whose branches slumber in peaceful repose myriads of living things that have only obeyed the voice of nature. They are happy, and, as someone says, ' Only man is vile.' All my troubles have come from myself. I never tried to do right. You have not either, or you would not be here." " I have tried sometimes." " Did you really ? Well, I didn't. Now, as I have answered your question, you answer mine. Why are you going to die ?" " I am a villain. I have been transact- ing business for my father. I was sup- posed to be smart, and, of course, trust- worthy. Well, I got into all sorts of bad company, embezzled money, and thought I could replace it ; then gambled to better myself, lost all I had, and, to make a long story short, I've been going to the devil for three years ; now I've got there. My father has discovered all, and I could not face him, and above all my mother. I could not see any way out of it but this. I fled from home three days ago, and I've been wandering around ever since. My father is stern and strict, and I've been expecting to be arrested every moment. He must feel it terribly—and my poor mother ; I am her only child, and she loves me, was proud of me. Father would think nothing of putting me in prison. But the worst of all is yet to be told—a girl, a lovely girl, the daughter of wealthy parents, is foolish enough to love me. Poor child ! she has been living in a dream. It seems hard that she should have such a cruel awaken- ing. I have destroyed everything that might lead to my identification, so I can only hope that my mother and Lucile may never know what became of me." He stopped, unable to continue. His new companion took a seat, for he had been standing. They talked on for some time, and were recalled to their purpose by the sound of the clocks striking ten. " Do you know I am very hungry ?" said Clarence's new friend. " Give me the pistol, and let me make an end of this busi- ness for it is useless to endure more discom- fort than is absolutely necessary." For the second time that night Clarence had drawn his watch from his pocket. " By the way," he said, as he glanced at it, " this watch must be got rid of ; it has my monogram upon it. What shall I do with it ?' " Have you got a watch ? Why didn't you say so before ? Let us go and pawn it. We can at least have some supper, and not go hungry into the next world." " Why, this is childish. Take the watch and welcome, but leave me alone. Go ! Perhaps you may see some reason why you should live. Goodbye." " No. In the first place I intend to stay with you to the end, and in the second place I can't pawn your watch, for if I do they will arrest me when your body is found. Come on, you are not the man I take you for if you will let a fellow creature die hungry." Clarence rose reluctantly ; he wished to get quickly over his fearful task. It might be that he feared his desperate courage would fail him if he delayed. " Come on, friend," urged the stranger, and the young man followed him. " Now we can talk more at our ease," said the man of many names ; slipping his hand through Mansfield's arm as they found themselves on a broader path. He talked on, and Mansfield was struck by the force and originality. of his remarks, and varied nature of his information. He was both witty and well read, and seemed to have more depth of character than a casual observer would have given him credit for. " Give me the watch," he said, when they were clear of the park, " and meet me in yonder restaurant." " It is too late to pawn it now," replied Clarence, placing the watch in his hand. " Not at all. You are unsophisticated, my young friend. This is Saturday night, and this is the witching hour when the spider, whose sign is three golden balls, catches more flies than any other hour in the day. Proceed to the restaurant, and I'll be with you anon." Clarence obeyed. He walked into the restaurant and took his seat at one of the tables. A waiter came to take his order, but he told him he was waiting for a friend. Left to himself, a flood of painful thoughts came over him. The presence of his new acquaintance had banished them for the moment, but they returned with redoubled force when he was once more alone. He regretted that he had not carried out his terrible intention without delay, and blamed the chance that brought the other wretched man to the same spot as himself. While painfully musing he took up a paper that lay before him, the "Daily Telegraph," and among the " Personals " this caught his eye :— " Clarence M ——. Come home. All will be forgiven and forgotten. Mother is desperately ill, and asks for you constantly. —Father." What a wild tumult of joy and sorrow surged through his heart. Overcome by the tide of feeling, he laid his head down on the table, and tears of penitence streamed from his eyes. Those tears were not un- manly ; they washed away the bitter feel- ings of anguish and despair, and left Clarence Mansfield a stronger and better man. Just as he conquered his emotion his new friend entered. He saw at a glance that some new tide in the affairs of men had turned in his companion's favour. He sat down and silently placed a pile of money before Mansfield, and then ordered supper for both without asking one question. Clarence understood the delicacy that prompted him, and, touching his arm, laid the paper before him silently, indicating the notice. " I am glad, from my heart," said the stranger warmly, pressing the young man's hand as he spoke. " You see, it was well you followed my advice. You will return, of course ?" " Yes, return, and with God's help try to atone for the past and deserve my father's mercy. And you ?" " Me ! Oh, I'll finish my supper and then go back and finish my work. It is no use for me to live." " No, you shall not. Come with me to Dalston. I shall tell my father when and how I met you. He employs over a hun- dred men, and you are not too proud to work for another man at present, as you have no business of your own." The only answer Clarence received was a hearty squeeze of the hand, and in the piercing eyes of his companion he saw tears well up. Next morning saw both men on their way to Dalston. When they arrived there they went before Mr. Mansfield, and Clarence told their story. The stern man was deeply moved, and in broken tones he blessed and forgave his erring son. He also extended a kindly welcome to the stranger, who gave his name as Herman Everlee. Mrs. Mansfield was very ill, but the sight of her boy's face restored her. Everlee was placed in the counting-house, and proved himself a valuable assistant— honest, keen, and industrious. He remained in Mr. Mansfield's employ four years, and then requested leave of absence to go on a visit. He returned, after an absence of four weeks, with his wife and child, the latter a lovely boy of six years. All his friends were filled with surprise, as they had always supposed him an unmarried man. " That is what filled me with despair," he said in confidence to Clarence. " But my brave Mary fought on alone till I had been here a month, and then I wrote and told her all. Since then I have sup- ported them, and now I am once more a happy man. I have gathered furniture by degrees, and although our home is not much like our former mansion, Mary loves it, and says she was never so happy, and I believe her, God bless her." Soon after this Clarence also went away on leave, and brought back his bride, the beautiful Lucile, who had loved him so long and so devotedly. She knew his story, and was willing to trust her heart to his keep- ing, and time proved that her confidence was not misplaced. He became one of the leading men in his business and social circle, respected by all, and well beloved by relatives and friends, an honoured father and a happy husband. Years after, when the firm was known as Mansfield and Everlee, the partners set aside a sum every year. It was sent to a well-known clergyman in Whitechapel to be used by him for the purpose of assisting just such desperate men as they once had been—men driven to despair by the fruits of their own folly. The fund was a secret to the partners, and was called by them " Our fund for those who are 'Ready to Perish.' " AN ARTIST—IN CRIME It is a moot point whether burglary is to be considered as a sport, a trade, or an art. For a trade the technique is scarcely rigid enough, and its claims to be considered an art are vitiated by the mercenary element that qualifies its triumphs. On the whole, it seems to be most justly ranked as a sport—a sport for which no rules are at present formulated, and of which the prizes are distributed in an extremely in- formal manner. It was this informality of burglary that led to the regrettable extinction of two promising beginners at Hammerpond Park. The stakes offered in this affair consisted chiefly of diamonds and other personal bric-a- brac belonging to the newly-married Lady Aveling. Her marriage to Lord Aveling was extensively advertised in the papers, the quantity and qualify of her wedding presents, and the fact that the honeymoon was to be spent at Hammerpond. The announcement of these valuable prizes created a considerable sensation in the small circle in which Mr. Teddy Watkins was the undisputed leader, and it was decided that, accompanied by a duly qualified assistant, he should visit the village of Hammer- pond in his professional capacity. Being a man of naturally retiring and modest disposition, Mr. Watkins determined to make this visit incog., and after due consideration of the conditions of his enterprise, he selected the role of a landscape artist and the un- assuming surname of Smith. He preceded his assistant who, it was decided, should join him only on the last afternoon of his stay at Ham- merpond. Now the village of Hammerpond is perhaps one of the prettiest little corners in Sussex ; many thatched houses still survive, the flint-built church with its tall spire nestling under the down is one of the finest and least restored in the county, and the beech-woods and bracken jungles through which the road runs to the great bouse are singularly rich in what the vulgar artist and photographer call " hits." So that Mr. Watkins on his arrival with two virgin canvases, a brand new easel, a paint box, portmanteau, an ingenious little ladder made in sections, crowbar, and wire coils, found himself welcomed with effusion and some curiosity by half a dozen other brethren of the brush. It rendered the disguise he had chosen unexpectedly plausible, but it in- flicted upon him a considerable amount of aesthetic conversation for which he was very imperfectly prepared. " Have you exhibited very much ?" said young Porson in the bar parlour of the Coach and Horses, where Mr. Watkins was skilfully accumulating local information on the night of his arrival. " Very little," said he. Watkins, " just a snack here and there." " Academy ?" " In course. And the Crystal Palace." " Did they hang you well ?" said Porson. " Don't rot," said Mr. Watkins ; " I don't like it." " I mean did they put you in a good place " Whadyer mean ?" said Mr. Watkins, sus- piciously. " One 'ud think you were trying t0 make out I'd been put away." Porson had been brought up by aunts, and was a gentlemanly young man even for an artist ; he did not know what bring " put away" meant, but he thought it best to explain that he intended nothing of the sort. As the question of hanging seemed a sore point with Mr. Watkins, he tried to divert the conversa- tion a little. " Do you do figure-work at all ?" " No, never had a head for figures," said Mr. Watkins ; " my miss—Mrs. Smith. I mean does all that." " She paints too " said Porson. " That's rather jolly." " Very," said Mr. Watkins, though he really did not think so, and feeling the conversation was drifting a little beyond his grasp, added, " I came down here to paint Hammerpond House by moonlight." " Really," said Porson. " That's rather a novel idea." " Yes," said Mr. Watkins, " I thought it rather a good notion when it occurred to me. I expect to begin to-morrow night." " What you don't, mean to paint in the open, by night ?" " I do though." " But how will you see your canvas ?" " Have a bloomin' cop's ——" began Mr. Wat- kins, rising too quickly to the question, and then realising this bawled to Miss Durgan for another glass of beer. " I'm goin' to have a thing called a dark lantern," he said to Porson. " But it's about new moon now," objected Porson " there won't be any moon." " There'll be the house," said Watkins, " at any rate. I'm goin', you see, to paint the house first, and the moon afterwards." " Oh ! " said Porson, too staggered to con- tinue the conversation. " They do say," said old Durgan, the land- lord, who had maintained a respectful silence during the technical conversation, " as there's no less than three p'licemen from 'Axleworth on dewty every sight in the house—'count of this Lady Aveling 'n her jewellery. One'm won fower-and-six last night off second footman— tossin'." Towards sunset next day Mr. Watkins, virgin canvas, easel, and a very considerable case of other appliances in hand, strolled up the plea- sant pathway through the beechwoods to Ham- merpond Park, and pitched his apparatus in a strategic position commanding the house. Here he was observed by Mr. Raphael Sant, who was returning across the park from a study of the chalk-pits. His curiosity having been fired by Porson's account of the new arrival, he turned aside with the idea of discussing noc- turnal art. Mr. Watkins was apparently unaware of his approach. A friendly conversation with Lady Hammerpond's butler had just terminated, and that person surrounded by the three pet dogs which it was his duty to take for an airing after dinner had been served, was receding in the dis- tance. Mr. Watkins was mixing colour with an air of great-industry. Sant, approaching more nearly, was surprised to see the colour in ques- tion was as harsh and brilliant an emerald green as it is possible to imagine. Having culti- vated an extreme sensibility to colour from his earliest years, he drew the air in sharply be- tween his teeth at the very first glimpse of this brew. Mr. Watkins turned round. He looked annoyed. '" What on earth are you going to do with that beastly green ?" said Sant. Mr. Watkins realised that his zeal to appear busy in the eyes of the butler had evidently be- trayed him into some technical error. He looked at Sant and hesitated. " Pardon my rudeness," said Sant, " but really, that green is altogether too amazing. It came as a shock. What do you mean to do with it?" Mr. Watkins was collecting his resources. Nothing could save the situation but decision. " If you come here interrupting my work," he said, " I'm a-goin' to paint your face with it." Sant retired, for he was a humourist and a peaceful man. Going down the hill he met Porson and Wainwright. " Either that man is a genius, or he is a dangerous lunatic," said he. " Just go up and look at his green." And he continued his way his countenance brightened by a pleasant anticipation of a cheerful affray round an easel in the gloaming, and the shed- ding of much green paint. But to Porson and Wainwright Mr. Watkins was less aggressive, and explained that the green was intended to be the first coating of his picture. It was, he admitted, in response to a remark, an absolutely new method invented by himself. But subsequently he became more reticent ; he explained that he was not going to tell every passer by the secret of his own par- icular style, and added some scathing remarks upon the meanness of people " hanging about " to pick up such tricks of the masters as they could, which immediately relieved him of their company. Twilight deepened, first one, then another star appeared. The rooks amid the tall trees to the left of the house had long since lapsed into slumbrous silence, the house itself lost all the details of its architecture, and became a dark-gray outline, and then the windows of the salon shone out brilliantly, the conservatory was lighted up, and here and there a bedroom window burnt yellow. Had anyone approached the easel in the park it would have been found deserted. One brief, uncivil word in brilliant green sullied the purity of its canvas. Mr. Watkins was busy in the shrubbery with his assistant, who had discreetly joined him from the carriage-drive. Mr. Watkins was inclined to be self-con- gratulatory upon the ingenious device by which he had carried all his apparatus boldly, and in the sight of all men, right up to the scene of operations. " That's the dressing- room," he said to his assistant, " and, as soon as the maid takes the candle away and goes down to supper, we call in. My ! how nice the house do look, to be sure, against the starlight, and with all its windows and lights ! Swop me, Jim, I almost wish I was a painter-chap. Have you fixed that there wire across the path from the laundry ?" He cautiously approached the house until he stood below the dressing-room window, and be- gan to put together his folding ladder. He was much too experienced a practitioner to feel any unusual excitement. Jim was reconnoiter- ing the smoking-room. Suddenly, close beside Mr Watkins in the bodies, there was a violent crash and a stifled curse. Some one had tumbled over the wire which his assistant had just arranged. He heard feet running on the gravel pathway beyond. Mr. Watkins, like all true artists, was a singularly shy man, and he incontinently dropped his folding ladder and began running circumspectly through the sbrub- bery. He was indistinctly aware of two people hot upon his heels, and he fancied that he distin- guished the outline of his assistants in front of him. In another moment he had vaulted the low stone wall bounding the shrubbery, and was in the open park. Two thuds on the turf fol- lowed his own leap. It was a close chase in the darkness through the trees. Mr. Watkins was a loosely built man and in good training, and he gained hand-over- hand upon the hoarsely panting figure in front. Neither spoke, but as Mr. Watkins pulled up alongside a qualm of awful doubt came over him. The other man turned his head at the same moment and gave an excamation of sur- prise. " It's not Jim," thought Mr. Watkins and simultaneously the stranger flung himself, as it were, at Watkings knees, and they wer forthwith grappling on the ground together. " Lend a hand, Bill," cried the stranger, as the third man came up. And Bill did—two hands in fact, and some accentuated feet. The fourth man, presumably Jim, had apparently turned aside and made off in a different direction. At any rate, he did not join the trio. Mr. Watkins's memory of the incidents of the next two minutes is extremely vague. He has a dim recollection of having his thumb in the corner of the mouth of the first man, and feel- ing anxious about its safety, and for some sec- onds at least he held the head of the gentle- man answering to the name of Bill to the ground by the hair. He was also kicked in a great number of different places, apparently by a vast multitude of people. Then the gentle- man who was not Bill got his knee below Mr. Watkins's diaphragm and tried to curl him up upon it. When his sensations became less entangled he was sitting upon the turf and eight or ten men—the night was dark and he was rather too confused to count—standing round him, apparently waiting for him to recover. He mournfully assumed that he was captured, and would probably have made some philosoph- ical reflections on the fickleness of fortune, had not his internal sensations disinclined him for speech. He noticed very quickly that his wrists were not handcuffed, and then a flask of brandy was put in his hands. This touched him a little— it was such unexpected kindness. " He's a-comin' round," said a voice, which he fancied he recognised as belonging to the Hammerpond second footman. " We've got 'em, sir ; both of 'em," said the Hammerpond butler, the man who had handed him the flask. " Thanks to you." " No one answered this remark. Yet he failed to see how it applied to him. " He's fair dazed," said a strange voice ; " the villains half-murdered him." Mr. Teddy Watkins decided to remain fair dazed until he had a better grasp of the situa- ation. He perceived that two of the black figures round him stood side by side with a de- jected air, and there was something in the carriage of their shoulders that suggested to his experienced eye hands that were bound to- gether. Two ! In a flash he rose to his posi- tion. He emptied the little flask and staggered —obsequious hands assisting him—to his feet. There was a sympathetic murmur. " Shake hands, sir, shake hands," said one of the figures near him. " Permit me to in- troduce myself. I am very greatly indebted to you." It was the jewels of my wife, Lady Aveling, which attracted these scoundrels to the house." " Very glad to make your lordship's acquain- tance," said Teddy Watkins. " I presume you saw the rascals making for the shrubbery, and dropped down on them ?" " That's exactly how it happened," said Mr. Watkins. " You should have waited till they got in at the window," said Lord Aveling ; they would get it hotter if they had actually committed the burglary. And it was lucky for you two of the policemen were out by the gates and followed up the three of you. I doubt if you could have secured the two of them—though it was con- founded plucky of you all the same." " Yes, I ought to have thought of all that," said Mr. Watkins ; " but one can't think of everythink." " Certainly not," said Lord Aveling, " I am afraid they have mauled you a little," he added. The party was now moving towards the house. " You walk rather lame ; may I offer you my arm ?" And instead of entering Hammerpond House by the dressing room window, Mr. Watkins entered it—slightly intoxicated and inclined now to cheerfulness again—on the arm of a real live peer, and by the front door. " This," thought Mr. Watkins, " is burgling in style The " scoundrels," seen by the gaslight, proved to be mere local amateurs unknown to Mr. Watkins, and they were taken down into the pantry and then watched over by the three policemen, two gamekeepers with loaded guns, the butler, and an ostler, until the dawn allowed of their removal to the Hazlehurst police station. Mr. Watkins was made much of in the drawing-room. They devoted a sofa to him, and would not hear of a return to the village that night. Lady Aveling was sure he was brilliantly original and said her idea of Turner was just such another rough, half inebriated, deep-eyed, brave and clever man. Someone brought up a remarkable little folding ladder that had been picked up in the shrub- bery and showed him how it was put together they also described how wires had been found in the shrubbery, evidently placed there to trip up unwary pursuers. It was lucky he had escaped these snares. And they showed him the jewels. Mr. Watkins had the sense not to talk too much, and in any conversational difficulty fell back on his internal pains. At last he was seized with stiffness in the back and yawning. Everyone suddenly awoke to the fact that it was a shame to keep him talking after his affray, so be retired early to his room—the little red room next to Lord Aveling's suite. The dawn found a deserted easel, bearing a canvas with a green inscription in the Ham- merpond Park, and it found Hammerpond House in commotion. But if the dawn found Mr. Teddy Watkins and the Aveling diamonds it did not communicate the information to the police. H. G. Wells in " The Stolen Bacillus." 