WIT Ain} HUUODfi. A " monster in human form " says that the only time a woman does not exaggerate is when she is talking of her own age. " Does Miss flysee sing f asked a man of a frignd who liad Just introduoed him o ayouty?;laay. -'Well, that's largely matter of faith." "Idon^t understand y>>o."P 4I lt dependsaltogeriier on.which you belicfre—her mother or Neighbours." A' New York man,- who had not been out of the city for years, tainted away in the pure air of the country. He was only resuscitated by putting a dead fish to his nose, when he slowly revived, exclaiming, "That's good—it smells like home 1" In -a provincial theatre, where " Macbeth " was being recently played by a clever man, who was also a very favourite with his audience, in the uet scene <he had delivered his words to he^ ghost of Banquo, " Hence/ hence, hence I" when he dropped: on his knee, osvering his face with rhn .robe, and shuddering convulsively.- -Just as ihe applause was over, a youth in the' gallery, euriod.away with the intensity of the acting, cried out, "It's all right now, Smith, he's gone 1" Miss Blanche—"Have you made any~ tfonquests this summer ?" Miss Marian— " Oh, yes, Mr Jones proposed the day before wo came away." Miss Blanche —" Doesn't he pop the question in the most awkward manner imaginable I*' They meet nowas strangers. When a celebrated miser died a few reus ago, a surviving friend wrote for && this epitaph Qefee. lies one whofor 'med'ciDes would not give.' A little gold, and so his life he lost: I fancy now he'd wish again to live, Couldhebut guess how muchhis funeral cosu " I see," said the man with the paper, that there is a king in Africa who has been drunk for fifteen years." " That,", said the cheerful idiot," is what might be. oalled a soaking reign." .''.What did Noah live on when the flood subsided and his provisions in the ark were exhausted f asked a school teacher of her class. " I know," squeaked a little girl, after the others had given up. " Well, what P' asked the teacher. "Dry knd." ~ -. -J - • Howis the bsnkdoiilg at the Gulch t" IUmI StonchpPete. <l Suspended," said Alkali Ike._ ) "Sol And the bankers r' Ditto." 'Mamma—" Ethel, what do ; r shouting jouting ia in 'iiut disgraoefnl fashion 1 i how quiet Willie ia. J ' Ethel—"Pf xmrae he's q[Uiet, ihat*s iour game. He's papa coming home late, and I'm you." 