CHOSTLAND. Sonic districts are rich in ghosts-' plebeian ghosts, you understand. In IIouadsdltch I came across the traces of two that were firmly belie0ed in by the inhabitants of the locality One had her home in a blind alley in a very low quarter, and chose as the place of her a:palrition a disused pump widerh stood Op in the east corner. Tradition ran that i l days of yore a "German Jew ordered illtgal plitnder near the spot. lie came Nclk from one of his frequent absences to find that his beautiful inu namorata had betrayed his secrets to her Gentile lover. Blind with fury, he chased her from her home Into the cor ner by Ihe pump, where be mercilessly murdered her. From that time to the present day, if a German Jew takes up his abtde in this alley, she can be seen on certain nights in a kneeling attitude on the sptl where she was killed, while eerie noises are supposed to be h;r sobs and shrieks for help. Be this as it may, no German Jew will live there by choice -the moloment she is steen, by man, Wo man, or child, he is made to take up his household goods and depart. The other spiritual celebrity of the Iloundsditch region is not so methodical in his habits, and the meaning of his visits cannot be traced. lie has no head, and his trunk is swathed in gloom rather than In any thing more Jistiuctive. lie appears at erratic intervals. and follows whom he chooses, lie will follow for a long dis tance, not only Into the street, but into your very house; and from his sloucfiing gait he is known Ias the "aoilor ghost." It is useless to try and put an end to his peripatetic rambles with gunpowder. You shoot through space, and-he walks on just the samle. lie never overtakets you, ant has an exasperating trick of vanishing if one attempts to touch him. lie has left no legend, and can be. iden tifled with nothing. lie may be look ing for his head, or he may have lost his way in Spirit-land. Anyhow, he is the most melancholy, unsatisfactory ghost that ever trod this earth. It Is next to Impossible to follow link by link any clue, If you gyt hold of it: the polpulation changes so quickly, and the inclination being to scoff at the mar vellous, details receive little attentonbu: I only met with one case that had a be ginning and an end. My informant was a local policeman, whose beat included the spot where the haunted house had stood. The locale was Spitalfields, and the dwelling two- storeyed and tumble. down. Formerly it had been a tavern, but as newer ones sprang up in the vi cinity it became what would be called now a shelter for tramps. At the top of the house was a garret, which, as the roof let in the rain, was only used when there was an overflow of guests. Gradually it came to be whispered that the garret was haunted. Sleepers there were reticeut about what they saw ex actly, but, coming down with bloodshot eyes and haggard face, refused to spend another night at any cost in the same quarters.. At length two bold and roy stering fellows undertook to pierce the mystery. Providgd with plenty of liquor and a revolver each, .they meti rIly started thelt night's watch. In the morning one was found in a fit, while the other had a wondrous tale to tell of a creature, half woman half ape, that came at midnight poking and peering about the floor as If in search of some thing. Their description of the weird igure, with it hairless head and skinny claws, was uncanny indeed, and from that night the chamber was shunned by the inmates, even, with a shrinking ter ror. As the tale was repeated, custom gradually failed, and the house changed owners. T¶re new proprietor was of up to-date ideas, and logically concluded that if the creature was in search of something, there was something to be found. With inagination full of a hid den treasure he waited for her appear ance, and1 was found at dawn stretched on the hearth, dead, with one long red hair twined olund his left hand. That fiulnished the house; Its reputation be came such that it had to be pulled down, and In digging foundations fol' the present erection, a copper vessel was found containing coins and a che velure of red-gold hair! Even more ghastly Is the tale attach ed to a certan court, where an old -woman once lived who received babies that nobody owned. It was an under stood thing that they were to die or dis appear within a given time. 1Her infa mous trade prospered almost to ineon velnience, for it became difficult to dis pose of the Infants so quickly without exciting suspicion. So srhe coucteivd :the fiendish Idea of setting fire to her house, and getting rid of a batch at once. The plan succeeded'. The house was burned, the children too; and the criminal vanished, no doubt to continue her crimes somewhere else. But to this day, so it is asserted, on the anniver sary the cries of those babies can he heard far and near by those gifted withl an occult sense; and I have questioned many who are firm In their testimony that they have heard the sounds them selves, though when pressed they own that they could not swear as to chil dren crying-it was more like a smoth ered choke.-"Cassell's Saturday Jour nal." 