A T1 XJA_ZR»G"IEJ : i ; PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. . Ak ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN ROMANCE, By Z3- "W"- HO»3Bar0-«l CS'» ytu'thor 'of "Young Blood." "The Rogue's Match," "A Bride .1 m Ute BusW' >W» . Unbidden Guest," "Under Two Skies," "Tiny Luttrell. &c..; &«s. . . COPYRIGHU' CHAPTER XXXL— (Continued.) - I \- , -'No.Vulr;", : said Compton, turning to ma t)atr6no-'4My silence won't be given — it can-, not besought. 1 have another reason for. '. telllngevery thing; my hatred' for Ned Ryan; r-that,, death cannot cooi: These words Compton hissed out in a voice of low, concentrated passion. VI have not- dogged him all these years for 8®' mere love of the work. ' No! He brought disgrace on me and mine, and I swore, to take liim alive or dead. I keep my take fciim dead! Ail who know me shall know, that I have kept my oath! As for Jem . Pound,, his mate and his murderer— . The door opened, and the nurse stood paut- ing on ithe threshold. Even |ii intense exeltemeiit she remembered that she had leri her charge '.sleeping lightly, and her words is it you say? Do you say that Jem Pound murdered my husband? Colonel 'Bristo and the Sergeant started simultane ously,-'.: "Well. I might have known that— I mlglit-ha've told you that. But upsirs 1 liiive 'ibeen forgetting! haveT bS,e"_ar v0u i ting-forgetting! Yet when I heard- : gentlemen come in here I remembered, and it was' to tell you what I knew nbout Jem ' Pouud that I came down." „ Sergeant Compton had turned .an,asbe i uiey t his eyes never moved from the face of the Woman from the moment1 she. enteied the room. Elizabeth Ryan crossed the room and stood f>vn.t of him. His face was in. , Sll'Tou," air— I heard your voice as my hand was orivthe door-handle; and I seemed to know your voice; and, while I stood tx-ying to remember whose voice it was, I heard what you said- So you will not let the dead man rest' -So, since he escaped you by his death, you would bring all the world to hoot over . his grave! Oh, sir, if the prayers of his wife — his widow—" . .. . She stopped. The man had risen unstead ily from his chair. His face was close to hers. She sprang back as though shot. Sergeant Compton whispered one word : "Biggs and the Colonel wntched the pale dark woman and the dark pale mail in silent wonder.' ' There was a likeness between man and woman. , , ' "Liz!" repeated the Sergeant, in a. ion, hoarse.1 voice. "Who-- who arc you? Are you— are you—"-.: ."I am" Frank! . , .. "Frank!" slie whispered to herself, unable to reaMs'e all at once who Frnnk had been— ' it was ;so long since there had been -a Frank In her life. "What!" . she exclaimed in a Whispef; "not my brother Fx-ank??- ; ': : "Yes,: your brother Frank. But— but T thought you were out there, Liz. ' I: thought ho had long ago deserted you: Mid ihat made me. thirst all the more— . 1 His sister flung herself at his. feet. ... "Obi .'-'Frank! Frank!" she wailed. "Since the dav T riinrried I have spoken to none of mv own'.klth and kin until tills, night. And ' this Is how wo meet! Frank!— Frank!' —her voice fell to a tremulous whisper— "do one tiling for me. and then, if you are still so bitter .against me. go away again. Only one thing I ask— a promise. Promise, for your part- to keep silence! Let the dead man— let the dead man sleep peacefully. If the -whole /truth will coine out, come out St must- but don't let It be through you. Frank— n"ver let it be through you! Speak —do you promise.'" The 'low, tearful, plaintive tones censed, rnd there was silence in the room. Then Fran#is i Cbmptori.'-bent- down, and lifted his sister, Elizabethan his; arms. ' i "I .promise," -lie -whispered In a broken voice "God!" knows; you have; suffered eiicugh!" CHAPTER 'XXXII.— SUSPENSE: REAC- ' - TION. , " - ; Days of suspense followed, while Alice's 'life trembled In the balance. In- what way these' days , tyere passbd the watchers them selves scarcely knew;1 for It Is among the offices of suspense to make word and deed mechanical,' arid -life a dream. The senses -are dulled; .'nothing Is realised— not even deiith itself, " when death "comes. Afterwards you. remember with horror callousness: when, 'all the time your senses ihave been , dulled by the most merciful- of Nature's laws. Afterwards you 'find that you ' received many an Impression without knowing it. , 'Thxis Dick Edmonstone, for one, recalled a few things Uiat he nau quite forgotten on his way south In the train afterwards. He could feel again the wind lifting the hair from his head on the dark hilltop. He saw the crescent moon racing through foamy billows of cloud, like a dismasted ship before itho wind. He felt the rushing air as he sped back to' the post In the lonely road from which he watched all night that square of yellow light — the light through her window blind. ThlB faint yellow light shot beams of hope into his heart through the long nights; he watched it till dawn, and then crept wear ily to his bed in the Inn. When he roamed away from It, a superstitious dread seized him that lie would- return to find the light gone out for ever.. The pale, faint light be came to him an emblem of the faint, flickering life that had burnt so low. He would wildly hurry back, with death at his heart. Thank God! the light still burned. In memory he could hear his own voice treating with a carter fqr a load of -straw He was again laying down with his own bands the narrow road with this straw he was silting half the day at his post: in the gap .of the hedge, watching her window; he iva« .tasting again of the delight with which he watched the first vehicle crawl noiselessly across that straw. These were among his most vivid recollec- ofafl' bUt voices ctlme back to hlm Plainest i The voices of the professional nurses, whis pering where they little dreamt there was a listener; foreboding the worst; comparlncr notes with their last fatal cases; throwing- in- tP'lhelr tones a kind of pity worie than open (Indifference— pertunctory and cold ' Or ' again, these same voices telling how' a cer tain name was always on the feverish lius (upstairs. " InilhlVbut h® Sa'd th0y: "Bhe thlnka ot :. 'ot Whose name was for ever on h tw?et.na,?,e of him to whom she ,had her last conscious words' ' Even so, for another voice, had echoed through the silent house more than once, and .could never be forgotten by those who heard it; the piercing," heart-rending, delirious vplce of Alice herself, reiterating those last conscious words of hers: "Hear what it was he said of me, and mi- answer— which is my answer still!" What had Miles said? What had been Alice s answer? Who would-ever know? Not Dlclc; and these words came back to him .often than any others, and they tortur- But there were other, words— words thrft had been spoken but yesterday, and as yet seemed too good to be true; the words of the kind old country doctor: "She is out of danger!" And now Dick Edmonstone was being whirled back to London. Alice was declared out of danger, so he had come away. Alice was not going to die. Her young life was spared. Then why was Dick's heart not filled with joy and thanksgiving? Pc-rhaps It was- but why did he not show it? He, who had been frenzied by her peril should have leapt or wept for Joy at her safety. He did nei ther. He could show no Joy. Why not? Edmondstone arrived in town. a;.o orolce his fast at an hotel— ho had travelled all night. After breakfast he drove, with . hi3 luggage, first to the offices of the P. a.nd O. Compuiiy in Leadenhall-street. He stepped from that office with o#brisker air; something was off his mind; something was definitely settled.. Oil his way thence to Waterloo he whistled lively tunes in the- cab... By the time he reached Teddington . and Iris Lodge the juuntiness of his maimer was complete. In fact, his manner was so entirely different from what his mother aud Fanny had , been, prepared for that the good ladies were reliev ed and delighted beyond measure for the first few minutes, until a something iu his tone pained them both. "Oh, yes," '-.he said, carelessly, in answer to their hushed inquiry, "she is out of danger now, safe enough. ' It has been touch and go, though.". ' " . He might have been speaking of a horse or dog, and yet have 'given people ithe impres sion that he Avas a young man without much feeling. ' "But— my boy," cried Mrs. Edmondstone, "what has been the matter with you? We never heard that you were iil; and you look like a ghost, my poor Dick!" Dick was standing In ' rather a' swaggering attitude on' the hearthrug. He wheeled round, and looked at himself in the - glass over the chlmneyplece. His face was hag gard and lined, and his expression just then was not 'a nice one. ' ; ,, "Why," he owned, with a grating lnugh; "I certninly don't Jook very fit, now you men tion it, do I? But it's all . on the surfaces I'm all right', bless you! . I!m not on . speak ing teriris with the sexton, yet, anyway!", (TO BE CONTINUED.)' ' 