Madeline's Secret. CHAPTER VI. (Continued.) * That makes it all the worse,' she cried. * If you did not care for me like that it would be' so much less hard to tell you, but as it is—as it is -—Oh ! it is terrible to think you love me ! I could bear anything better than that.' • ' It seems to me,' he said, rather unsteady.' that I have a right to know this mysterious secret that | comes between us. Will you tell it to me ?' Her head droopedlowerand lower. * I—I don't know how to tell you,' she faltered. 1 Don't be-afraid,' he said, encouragingly ; 4 you will feel better when it i& over. Come, let me hear all a- bout it. You may take an - exaggerated view ot the case, you know ; perhaps when I hear what you have to tell me I may not think the bar so mseparatble as ybd seem to.' • • She raised her eyes to his wiith a look of passion and despair. 'You will think just as I do,' she returned, in a low, dogged tone; 'you can't think otherwise. The bar is one that we can never get ovei; as long as we live; it must stand between us for ever. I can't marry you, because—because—oh ! forgive me. forgive me—because I am married already!' At first he did not take in the full meaning of her words, 4 Married already ;' he repeated, in a puzzled tone. ' Yes, I know that ; but it makes no difference. Why should it ?' He stopped sh<vt and looked at her questionably, then all at once a light seemed to break in upon him. 1 It makes no difference,' he went on, 'unless—unles—but, no, you can't mean that. Oh ! surely you can't mean—* * That my husband is living, 1 she said, quite calmy, * Yes, that is what I mean. I am not a widow— my husband is still living.' He looked up with a growing horror in his eyes, and a fearful change passed ove.r his face, a change that left it white and set. and drawn like ;the face of and old man, ^ Great Heavens 1* he exclaimed, i m m iythings, but tnever thought; of e ' No, I daresay not,' she said in a low, monotonous tone, * You did not think me capable of such baseness ! it is not likely that you would. Well, I have told you now, and of course you will never forgive me. do not ask or expect it.' He raised his haggard eyes and looked at her. ' You have hit me very hard,' he said, with a poor attempt to smile. ' You have not spared ine, but ' love is for ever unreasoning,' you know. You must hit me harder even than this—and this is cruelly hard, Hea ven knows !—before you can kill my love for you.' She turned away, burying her face in her hands. ' Oh ! don't speak' to me in such a tone,' she said, passionately, Don't —don't look at me like that ! My heart will break—my heart will break!' Gilbert was silent. Until that day life had not seemed to him either hard, or cruel, or bitter ; on the contrary, he had found it a very desirable thing ; but now all that was changed, and he felt tempted to echo Madeline's, heart-broken cry. She looked up at him. •Havfflb u- nothing hard to say to me ? ' she asked. ' Are you not going to reproach me for my treachery, and throw my weakness in my teeth ?' The ghost of a smile crossed his face. ' My poor child,' he said, tenderly, 1 you must indeed have suffered at the hands of men, or you would not hold such a bad opinion of "them. No man worthy the name would reproach you ; the past can never be altered or undone, and it is unmanly to throw all the blame upon a woman. You may not have acted in in the wisest way under the circumstances, but you are only human after all, and human nature is far from infallible. It seems to me that you are more to be pitied than blamed.' ' Ah !' said Madeline, in a low tone, 'how good and generous you are. I might have known that you would say just that; it would not be like you to say anything else. If—if all men were like you, how different some women would be.' ' That is far too wide a subject for us to discuss at present,' said Gilbert in a lighter tone. Then he sat down by her side on the couch, and took her hand in his. * Will you tell me the story of your past ?' he asked, gently. * If it pains you very much to speak of it, never mind, but I should like to know all, if you feel that you can tell me.' 'You have a right to know all,* she said, nervously, clasping and unclasping her 1 sands. 'After what has passed between us I could not rest If I did not tell you all there is to tell; but it is so difficult. Oh ! so difficult!' He pressed her hand reassuringly. * Never mind then, never mind. I don't wish to pain you, and you are over- strained now. Some other day you will tell me, when you feel better.' ' No 1* she slid, resolutely. ' No, I will tell you know, if I don't I shall never tell you. I could uot find strength to open the subject -again. It must be barred from to-day. Listen, and you shall hear the story of -.j my past life,' CHAPTER VII. Madeline paused for a moment, as if to gather strength, and pressed her hand upon ber heart; then went on, hurriedly— ' I was just seventeen when I first met the man who afterwards became my husband. At that time my father was a colonel in the Indian army , but I would rather not tell you the name of the place at which we were stationed ; it is enough for you to know that my marriage took place iu India. My future husband and his brother were both in the army, and their battalion was quartered at our station. ' We first met at a dance, and were mutually attracted, after that we met often. He was a little bit of an artist in his way—that is to say, he dabbled in art as he dabbled in other tilings, and I remember so well even cow how pleased and proud I felt 'when he asked me one day if I would sit to him, saying that my face realised to perfection his ideal of ' Guinevere.' Perhaps now you are not so surprised that I was so startled when you made the same request; it was astcang&jQoincidence; of it ; * r 1 consented fo sff to him, and the result was the sl^pfch that I showed you one day. Lang before it was finished he had told me of his love, and asked me to be his wife, and I had given him my pro mise. * ' When I told my father and mother of what I had done they were terribly distressed, aud we had quite a scene. They told me then, what I had not known before—that my lover bore a very bad character in every way, and that he was the last man in the world to whom they would willingly entrust their only child; they said that I had no chance of happiness with him, but I only laughed. ' We were married, and then, as we both pcrferred Indian life, I per suaded my husband not io exchange into the home battalion of his regiment, as he had first thought of doing. We set up housekeeping near my old home, and then I liad three months of insane, unreasoning happiness. • Afterthat the period of disillusion began, and at the end of a year was as. miserable a woman as you could have found in the whole wide world. My husband spent my money, and then, when his fu-st mad fancy for my pretty face had died out, he began to neglect aud ill- treat me. He had almost every fault that a man could have, but his favourite vices were gambling and drinking, and those he carried to excess. ' I will uot dwell upon my sufferingsat that time. They were terrible, as you may imagine; but the greatest of all was the death of my mother. She had never been strong, and my unhappy marriage brought trouble upon her, against which she could not bear up. * A few months after my mother's death my father died, and then it seemed that I had not a friend left in the world. My husband's conduct grew worse and worse. I bore with hi:n another year and I left him. I made my plans carefully, aiid then, when lie wasoii a shooting expedition, I ran away and came to England. Thanks to my iather, I was well provided for, and quite independent of my husband. For a time I hid myselt in London, that universal refuge of the friendiess; I did not seek out any of the people who had known me in happier days—I wished to cut myself entirely adrift from al> that could remind me of the old life. (To be Continued.) 