T H J E H A U N T E D M O U N T A I N S , - \- " OR, COLONEL CODY'S SE&RGH.; •A ROMANCE OF TBJS WEST. COPTER :XI—A 330UBLE DIScoyessf. ^By CGfciOXEL PRENTSSS INGRAM." -Autor <«f "Te Mysterious 3IaxTln -Blue." • • Etc. ; v ' Cody enjoyed his n%ht's rest, and hsiQ 'good "breakfast. ®he roan had also Sated well, and both horse and riier •were eager for the trail as they " turned out of the canyon and headed towards the secret bridge. •Arriving there, Cody found all as he 3iad last -seen it. There, hidden among- the rocks, where ?they could not be~seen from the other -side, -were the rolls of flooring and the •coiled chains, esuih with a lariat at the •end. At the other end was attached a horseshoe, which could be whlrladacross the chasmto some oneon the cither side, ' and thus the chains could be drawn over and made fast; ' j. ~. /Sow "they, were made fast upon the •oilier side he »v?as anxious to find out. "When the chains were attached he caw that it was easy to roll the flooring «£ saplings down and tie them on in sections. ' \ Having seai all that was necessary about the bridge, the scout was anxious to discover how anyone could cross Hie chasm without its aid, for to stretch it there must be men on the other side. So he put has horse in as secure a place as he could find for him, and on ioot began to search for some way of crossing the torrent with its cliff-libs He went up the stream for half a mile and could go tlo further, on account of the nature o£ the banks. Nothing was discovered by which he could cross, so •fee returned and went down • the stream along the rugged bank. After going a few hundred yards he eame to where he could at least descend to the water, and could hardly resist Siting a "cry >of triumph as he beheld on the other cliff a' stunted pine growing •directly upon the edge of the rocks. Hastened to -the stout trunk of the tree lie beheld a rope-ladder certainly not vlsahle from the other shora. It clung <close in under the rocks, was- some" fifty feet longi asp was made fast "to the rocks below.??- .' Stather do^im on his side he came •upon a chain ..stret-eh.ed across the torrent, just-where there were no rocks-AO break the waters!- At his feet, almost, hidden in the rocks, was a. kindof harness, evidently for a man to -slip -on, and -a hook on it could •fee-Slipped o&er; the chain, and thus a person could pr-opel himself to the other «ide without -dread of •being torn loose from his hold. Hie scout also found a complete •waterproof salt of indiarubber, which would cover him, body, feet and hands, to.the neck, .and prevent his getting wet. "Clever fellows those," he muttered, grimly; and enrolling his suit he drew it <oi\ over hifi .clothes, then buckled the liarness about him,fastened the hook on the chain, and began to 'work his way «ver to the other- shore. . ^Stei toixent fltnjggsd- at .Mm so _ hard But he^got safely - over, to6k off his rig, ^ found he "was - perfectly dryv and then began to - ascend the rope- ladder. Me easily passed round, the. trunk of the tree to a firm foundation, and as he glanced upwards saw a stout round piece of timber there which he knew •could only be used as a windlass. The handles were also there, and the; stout staples into which the end of the bridge chains could be made fast. It was with eome difficulty that Cody •could find his way up to the spot opposite the place where he had been. But at last he did so, and with the knowledge now acquired, he was not long in finding that the windlass he had seen was brought up and made fast between two large boulders. But the rocky cliff gave no indication that there had ever been such" a secret contrivance rigged there, and there was not the slightest trace of a trail. "Well, the secret Is mine, and I know now just as well how to rig the bridge as ~the outlaws do. But can I do it alone? I might in. time; but then I'd •dread being discovered all the time. Tet to -get my horse over I must stretch it, for. he can cross no other way. "No, I fear I must sacrifice' the poor •fellow, and return on foot. The outlaws would suspect something if I turned him loose to journey to the valley alone. • "I am sorry, bat I must return to the other side, blindfold the poor fellow, and "back him over the cliff to his doom,' and thus destroy ail signs, and on foot I can SO. back to tie fort. But one thing is certain; I know how to lead my men to the outlaw retreat." So saying, Cody retraced his way to the pine tree, descended the rope-ladder, and donning the. waterproof suit and Jiawiess, started across through the torrent. He had just reached the middle - •of the stream,' when a voice called out: •"JBto, pard, you is hank sooner than. we. •expected* "We was going* ter stretch ther bridge." . . With a sinking- fieart, Cody saw two sim upon Jthe hank he was making for. They were oudaws. 6f eourse, btit without hesitation, his =aulck wind Invented' a. means of escape. and he replied: . "Oh, you is thene. .is ^er, pards? I -was just gom* over, %ut I'll go back and «ay you is coniinV* For a "moment it seemed as if his clever trick would pass, but then one of the men yelled out: "That ain't one of us; I knows him, and af» Cody. We has -you covered, Cody, oo jist land on this side,or we'll make a target of yer." CHAPTER. XII.—THE SURGEON SCOUT ON CODY'S TRAIL. Sisigson TYaiik Powell was not a man io neglect duiy, but the very moment 4tiat he "felt that fee caold leave the •woanded wholly incare-of the assislant- «ux&ebn;, he decJdedto go after .Cody. The Bcoiit" had xSaims of thV'varmesi gHenOtihip upon .ihim, aii&"4te~f<at' most anxious about liis teivlng;'gone off " alone «n tine trail, as belie«?ed of the Indian band with whom these had -been The officer in command had told the fioagiean Scout that Cody was sure that the leader of the red-stora was -a white Hjbaja in'rtiie paint and feAtbeBB -of * He Jaiew that Cody was going Into an •unknown <2owsttry, and was well aw»re that not oniy the red-skins,' but tSte rcad-iagents, -were supposed to have t2t?fr retreats in the nwrnifatfrn^, srhicSi Ctodyiwould, beyoos aoubtjpenetMte> \- Thgn, too^ the Surgeon Ecout was w^l pf all the shfwles ,fcoiati^e > a .JSpMnai-jn-^up tut beaa- . V frith Coloh«: o •wm * emgeoa stocaM "be kccotnpenied by-some of Cody's scouts, but he bad answered that there ^rae time enough tor a force; When sonse discovery had been made, and Ae «dtd not wish any outlaws who misftit Jh&ve; thelr eye on the movements of.tfee l>arty at the fori to suspect that they "were planning, a move against " -Sa the surgeon went alone, reached the scene of the fight-with the Indians and otf on^Coas^s trail before sunset Kibat following the trail «f the iron- shod ^oree supposed to have been ridden fey a white renegade dressed as a red- skin. When night came on the Sui®eon Scout went into a lone camp, but was early on 1 the trail again the next morning. It was late in the afternoon that he crossed oyer the summit of -a range then he saw far off in a clump of timber across the prairie smoke o«rIing upwards. He- reconnoitred with Mb glass, and could see no horses staked out near. "It mya be Cody, and it may no?. It is someone, and who I must find out. There, is a ravine to cross not fax from the timber, and it will be nearly sunset when I reach it, as I must leave my pack-hoise here, ride down the range trail io the prairie; let whoever it .may be £ee me, and note the resulfc;" This he did, with Ms glates to his eye, and he was not long in seeing that he was discovered,for two inen aj»peiuped in the edge of the timber, little dreaming that a field-glass was levelled upon their movements. The Surgeon-Scout saw them distinctly, for the timber was devoid of undergrowth, andthe. appearance of the men was not assuring. Seemingly convinced that he had a danger to face, that he was riding upon foes, he decided to so manage to hp.ve no doubt upon the matter, and to .be prepared to. meet treachery-"with quick action. The moment he rode down into the ravine out of sight of the watchers in- the timber he dismounted and peered over the edge of the bank- He saw the two men running towards him at full speed out upon the prairie, and each carried a rifle in his hand. "Aha! The timber is not thick enough to .hide them, so they are running for "thai long,thick grass to hide in," he muttered. ' He stood an instant in silent meditation, after seeing the men drop down in the long, thick grass through which the trail led Just then, and exactly , where a rise helped to conceal them. Th^n he said suddenly, "Til risk it." With rapid, clever hands he, set to work, and from liis saddle-bags3auiekl? took.a slouch hat, Wig, -and a.few other articles, -which, with his blankets, his fatigue-coat,' and lariat, aided .with, grass he cut in the ravine, he. made a very fair dummy, man. - This was- bound tipon his ,hoise securely,yet in such a way that one end of a rope held by the Surgeon Scout could drag it from the saddle to the ground. It was just growing twilight when his horse came out of the ravine, the dummy form upon his back, and Surgeon PoUfeU following close behind, stepping in the animal's tracks, and thus shielded completely from the view of the men he was advancing upon. The glow dt the setting sun brightened the skies,, but the prairie was cast in shadow, and as the Surgeon Scout neared the plot of thick grass that grew upon the rise, he stepped close to the flank of his horse, grasping the dummy's rope in one hand, his revolver in the other, and crouching so as not to beseen."- He felt sure that if the men were outlaws—and what else could they be?— they would fire upon the dummy from their ambush, and then it would be for him to act, and he muttered : "I wish to take one of them alive." Oh moved the surgeon's horse, conscious that much depended upon him, and as he neared the rise a shot rang out from beyond, and two men sprang to their feet, a second rifle being discharged as they did so, while the Surgeon Scout heard the dull thuds as the bullets tore through the dummy form. Then • the daring doctor was ready for action. CHAPTER XIII.—THE SURGEON SCOUT'S RUSE. The two men who fired upon . what they believed a horseman wearing the military hat and uniform of an army officer sent their bullets true, for they cut through the dummy form upon the horse advancing towards them through the thick prairie grass. As they both sprang to their feet "upon firing, the form swayed in its saddle, then fell to the ground, and the welltrained horse came to a sudden halt. With no suspicion of any plot against them, the two men afbnce hurried forward to see the iresttU of their treacherous deed in fifing upon one of their own race from ambush. But just then, in the gathering gloom, they saw the tall form of the Surgeon Scout step out from behind his horse, and heard the stern command: . "Hands up! You are covered!" But the men at once forced Doctor Powell to action by trying to draw their revolvers with* quick but trembling hands. Then the Surgeon Scout showed his quickness in the use of a weapon and his deadly aim, for two shots flashed out, one following the other. One shot xms from the Surgeon "Scout's revolver, and. it struck one of the men fairly between the eyes, killing him instantly. The other shot came from "the second fnan, but the bullet missed its aim, ahd the Surgeoh Seout said: "Will you surrender, or die? You have; yoiir choice." The man did not hesitate, but raised his hands above "his head, shouting excitedly: "I pass, pard." The surgeon walked quickly forward, covering the man as he did so. and with his revolver levelled against him disarmed him of his weapons. Then he -said: "Well, who are you, and why did you fire on me?" "Mistook yer for a Injun, cap'n." The surgeon laughed, and replied: "Come, no lying, unless you wish to follow your-comrade onthe long trail." "Ijdidn't want ter do it, hut-Jim Sykss said how I must, so we fired at you, and durned e£ £ know w2*y yer hain't ^ou lay It upon yoiir d&d; pard, because he cannot answer; but-you ace Just as guilty as he. Now, who are you?" ' "I/Wet tell me, cap'n, why you hain't dead." ••__ "Because you did not kill me." "Haln't yer wounded?" -••-'•' "No." "Lotdy! I don't understand it" ""Well, I sup you from yonder range. Hpspected you of being just what you •preyed to ^be, and put a dummy on my horse for you to practise on, and it lies yonder in the gnus." "Oh, lord! I'll be killed for a fool it!" \ ' ' 'TTda'JI be hanged for what you are— rtliain." *% hain't ^lMua man," 5 "Goo& men" don't fire from ambustf upn iprmy offio^ET." - . "Jim fnade me." toad hard luck in •"Where are your horses?'' "Til tell yer, * cap'n—we hain't got none, for we escaped, from a band o' outlaws, the&roped; us in ana robbed us, so ail we has got is with us." "Are you telling me the truth?'" *m*s solfil gaspil." ««Weii, I'll just make sure of you until I come book, for I left my pack-fcoxse over the range a couple of miles from here.** The Surgeon Scout securely bound his prisoner'^ hands and £eet,aud left him, ^by the side Of his dead conirade, while he' rode at a gallop back On the trait He was jgoae about an&odr;, and upon his return frightened 'a'pack of prairie, wolves away'from about the~l»onnd man' and his dead pard. "I/ordy, cap'n, if yer hadn't come when yer did, they would, hev eat ' me up. i won't git over this scare for a month." 'H you lire tfiat long,"" was the significant •reply. ~ _ The Surgeon Scout then lifted the dead body io the back of his horse, threw the dmrrnay upon the pack aaimal, and untied the feet -of his poisoner so that he could walk. "Just ter think we bored holes in thet thing!" muttered the prisoner .with a disgusted glance at the dummy. me if there is 'aay water in that timber," said the Surgeon Scout. "Cap'n, thar is a spring there, and good feedin' beyond." " * "AH right; we'll camp there to-night, bury yoiir pard, and to-morrow you will guide me to the camp of the outlaw band that you say you-escaped from," said the Surgeon Scout, quietly, as they started off for the' timber. CHAPTER 3S3V. THE SURGEON SCOUT'S PRISONER. Surgeon Powell found the little clump of timber a very fair camping-place,for there was good water, plenty of grass for horses," and wood. But the place was exposed, and he felt that he must keep a good watch through the night, he was not sure that some of the comrades of his prisoner might not be near. The man had a very evil look, and and Doctor Powell could not understand why it was . that he and a companion were there alone and on foot: They looked like men who had seen rough time of it, and the more he saw of his prisoner the more suspicious the surgeon grew of him. "Well, this will do as a camp, and we will look round first and rest after- wards," he said. "What's the work, cap'ji?" "Tour pard has to be buried, and then we will have supper." •"He's dead—nothin' ean hart him now; ^so wfhat's the use o' our exertip^: ;ourselves filantin' Mm?" • Doctor Powell was somewhat shocked at the man's heartlessness, but replied, as if to cLiaw him out : J "Then you would not bury him?' "No. Let the- wolves pick his bones.". "I'll bury him, after I have searched him." "What'Il yer search him fer?" quickly, demanded the man.. "Well, as I lifted him across my horse I noticed that he was unusually heavy for a man of his build; and you, toe, seem pretty well loaded."" "Nothin* but grub," growled the prisoner. _ And let me tell you that I shall also search you, and that first,-for I've an idea that you have more weapons than I took from you.. 1 ' The Surgeon Scout saw the man's quick: movement with his bound hands,-but he gTasped them in a g&p; of, iron,, ;£hougir Hot until the fellowlraa managed to-set his hand upon a derringer that was in the pocket of his woollen shirt. Powell wrenched -it from . him, and, hurling "him upon the ground, quickly again bound his feet. Then he thoroughly searched him, and the result was surprising to the doctor. __ . First, he found a buckskin belt heavy with gold. His nest find was a buckskin bag hanging to the belt, but worn inside of his trousers, that contained a quantity of jewellery, watches, chains, rings, and some diamonds. A still fjirther . search revealed some paper money and more gold, and the Surgeon Scout remarked: - "Well, my man.-for a poor miner in hard luck and just escaped-from the outlaws, you are pretty well fixed. You thought you would kill me with that derringer after awhile, then get my horse and outfit, and go on your way; but it missed fire. Now Til see whether your dead pard pans out as a gold-mine." A search of the dead body revealed fully as much treasure as that found upon the prisoner. "No wonder you did not want .him buried. You did not wish to have to dig him up to .get the treasure after you had killed me. W 11, for humanity's sake, I will do as much for him as I will for you." "Per me? Does yer intend ter me?" cried the man. kill "You intended to do as much for me, and one good turn deserves another." "Say, cap'n, yer is outer me, so I guesses w;e kin agree as ter tarms." *T am seeking no terms; but you must help to bury your dead pard." The Surgeon Scout stepped to His pack and took put a small spade, which caused the prisoner to exclaim: "Lordy! but yer comes fixed ter bury yer dead." "I did hot bring it for that purpose, for I found It and .this small pick back on the trail where there had been a fight between some Indians .and soldiers. The tools have come In well." ~ With his arms freed, the prisoner set to worki and mhalfanhourhe and Surgeoh PWell had dug a grave, into which the dead mail was lald. • ' The doctor noticed that the two men had been very scant of food, and had only a blanket between thein, while their weapons and booty had been plentiful. Their shora Indicated that they, had done much walking, and, afe neither had on spurs, this seemed to confirm the prisoner's assertion that they were afoot. When the dead men was finally covered, a fire was built and the Surgeon 6cout, going to his pack, got out a good supper, ample for both, and when it was ready the man ate as- though halfstarved. The repast over Doctor Powell observed: "I tbirik.it would be safer for me to seek acamp elsewhere, so we'will move on; and ^ou con ria&any; pack-horse:" : So they mounted arid -rode several miles before the sureg-on halted, with the remark: ~ "I shall/eel more secure here; and now to bed" rn give you an extra blanket, as the night will be cold. To-morrow we will talk over what oyu fate is to be, CHAPTER XV.—THE GHOST OF THE NIGHT. Doctor Powell fully recognised his responsibility, and slept with one oye open, eotospeak. He had bound his prisoner securely, yet sot so as to render: him uncomfortable. - He' realised how often he himself had been «upposed to .be securely bound, whfen a prisoner of Indians and outlaws, and had surprised them by showing that » wis* non -est to the s»ornin&; tfb te no Intentioiv.afe regarded the man he t^aptured; thatheshould disappear, ; inorhlng c^me the Surgeon —^ e good 'breakfast, led his id (Stated them in a iankPo^i.^. ---- I "The Surgeon Scout?" exclaimed the prisoner, amazediy. '"Yes, I am so called." "You needn't say no more, for I knows 5"er." , •'Then you at e aware I will do as I say. Now, who are you?*' "Waai. I'm called Luke Lumley by myj paras. ,r , • • '"And ..your trade?-.' "Mining for dust." •"In other people's pockets, yes." "I'm a honest man, cap'n." •"When yoa ai'e asleep. Look here; aowi I know, you are an outlaw,- and see If.I do not read j^ou right- "'You are one of the band of .-Midnigh'ters, and," wishing- to • leave" themwe will say- to become an honest manyon and your pard robbed your comrades and ran off. "You had to go on foot because yon could not get horses without too much risk, and because, too, you preferred to leave no trail. **Seeing , me coming, you sought to kill or capture me, but got .caught in your own trap. Eeiag an outIaw, you know exactly inhere the retreat of the band is; so if you guide me there, I will give you your life And freedom, and Uie plunder I found on you, with a liorse to jso on your way. {• "If you refuse, I shall find the retreat without your aid,and take yoa to the fort, where Colonel Ferris will have you hanged, for r can get witnesses enough against you among Cody's scouts. Nowwhat have you to say?" "Pard doetor, you reads-.Tny ailment like a book. * I is a outlaw, or was, and lhe and my psSrd was skippin''the layout, as our hearts wasn't in it, for we j was forced to do lawless acts." ''Such as firing upon me." " "Waal, thet were wrong, but we was lookin* out fer ourselves. We -got what we c'u'd together and started out afoot, so as ter leave no trail, and there you has It." "Then you can lead me to the retreat?" "Tas, I could; but see here—I won't!" "Then you will have to hang." "You is going to rescue Cody; fe'r I has heerd you two was great "pards." "How do you know I am going to find Cody?" "Waal, he is a prisoner." "You know this?" "I left him in ther retreat." "And you refuse to gqide me there?" "Pard cap'n, see here; I would be kilt mighty quick if was caught by the Midnighters, and you'll hang me if I don't guide you there; but, as I don't like either dose, I has terms to offer. • . "Well?" . . >*Grive me your pledge of honor,to spare my life and*let me go free, with a couple TOf good horses and the booty that be-; longs to my dead pard and me, and I will guide you and spine scouts and soldiers -there, but pot you alone. You'll want ko take \rith you all of forty men, then Til-life safe. -If these tarms don't suit, pard doctor, ! can do nt> more." "The money on your pard and yourself you can nave, as well as the two horses ^yoii demand; but the booty I shall, tuna over to Colonel Ferris, for it was ^stolen. Now, I'll do no more, and yoa can have until night to consider. We will go on now." The man urged against going back towards the mountains, but Surgeon Powell paid no further heed to him, and they were soon upon the trail. it was near sunset when they camped for the night, and as it had grown very cold, and a snowstorm was threatening, the doctor sought a sheltered.spot, the prisoner seeming very analiuuK, which eonvinoed his captnr JJaat tftey were near the camping: ground " of : the Midnighters. Soon after sunset the moon rose brightly, the clouds drifted away, and having had supper, the surgeon and his prisoner sat by the camp fire talking .nntil after the midnight hour. The latter had assured the doctor that Cody was a prisoner to the outlaws, and convinced him that to attempt to rescue him without considerable force would be useless. . They has by this time about got onter my pard, and me havin' cleared out, for we -was sent to find some stray cattle, aid I'm expectiri' 'em ter be hot"on my, trail any minute—^ord! what-is that?" The men shrank back into the shadow as the rattle of hoofs came to their ears, and the Surgeon Scout sprang up ready for action, just as a strange sight came before his exes, for there dashed into view, in the moonlight, what appeared to be ap hantom horse and rider. "My God! it's the Ghost-of the Mountains!" groaned the prisoner. "And there comes Cody in full pursuit, ril bring the ghost down for him," said the Surgeon Scout; and be threw his rifle to his shoulder, but ere he could take aim at the weird horse and rider, the prisoner uttered a cry of alarm and sprang forward, bound hand and foot though he was, thowing himself with full force against Doctor Powell, who was hurled backwards. The rifle flashed, the doctor fell with stunning force, his head striking a rock,: and the Ghost of the Mountain and Cody in hot pursuit passed on out of] sight in the moonlight, their horses' hoof-falls growing fainter and fainter. (To be Continued.) 