THE PRICE OF THE GOLDFIELDS. BY JOHN MARSHALL. KAL(;OORLIE. [Written for the WESTBRN A;(Us.] Wearied with the day's journey I laid me down to sleep. Around me were the tents of hundreds of miners who were working on the alluvial diggings at Kanowna. 'I he night was a brilliant one, the fill moon pouring a flood of light on the scraggy bush, and making the tents weird and ghost-like with its silvery sheen. It seemed just such another night as I had spent some four years and odd back when I first lande.i in Coolgardie. Dozintg off, I fancied I had just arrived on the field : my feet were bleeding with the long tramp from Southern Cross : there was but little water in our bags, and our hearts were heavy with the news of drought and suffering we had heard on the road. I awoke with a start to find that I had only been dreaming. that years had elapsed and mighty changes taken place since first I landed on the goldfields. I looked down the vista of years, short indeed it was, but event ful to a degree. since first the fields were opened, and I thought how strikingly is the mutability of all earthly things exemplified in the history of the fields. Nowhere does the wheel of for tune revolve more quickly, bringing more chances and changes. The cluster of diggers' tents had since that night given place to a beautiful city, with stately edificcs of brick and stone. The blazed tra:ck had merged into wide streets, and the groups of moleskinned diggers had been succeeded by crowds of men and women dressed in fashionable garb of costly materials. And other towns had risen up equally magnificent, upon whose sites the foot of white man had. at. that time, never trod. As I lay there and pas-ed in review the wondrous strides made in material wealth and prosperity, the mar vellous treasures that had been unearthed. surpassing the wildest dreams of the most sanguine in the early days, methought the results achieved by the energy of these pioneers, in whose veins the dominant blood of the ancient Briton flows. is simply mar vellous. What, I thought, has been the price of all these marvellous developments of material wealth and prosperty ? Such wondrous results have not been achieved without a price being paid for them at least commensurate to their splendor. What, then, has been the price pail by these men and women of enterpise and energy who have opened up these fields, and what has been their reward, looked at from a material point of view ? It may be, some may think, that such questions cannot be satisfactorily answered at this early date : but it must be remnembered that three or four years in the life of a golltield produce greater changes than 20 years could do in other districts. My experience has been that in most cases these pioneers have had to battle with poverty, sickness, disappointment, disease and death. These have been the rewards of the men who led the van, and by their resolute perseverance and invincible deter mination, in face of innumerable difimculties, blazed the tracks which have become the goldfields' highways. A few--comparatively few-have gained wealth. honor. enjoyment as a result of their early labors ; but, alas! how few have done even fairly well. The heroes of the early days, where are they now i Go to the cemeteries at the different centres of population. and read there on rude nsonu ments of wood and stone the names of those who laid down their lives in the arduous task of opening up th se fields : or into the lonely bush and see the resting places of those who fell by the bush tracks, their priva t ions unknown. t he r hardships unchronicled. and their memories kept green only in the hearts of those who mourn and watch and wait for the return of the loved ones whose voices will be heard by them no more for ever. Doctors and bankers, lawyers and agents, storekeepers, tradesmen, and wor kers : the ranks of all alike have contributed their qluota to the progress of the field, and all alike have had to pay their part of the price of the fields. Take the case of Arthur Bayley. the man who, battling through fearful difficulties, discovered the Reward Mine. He won wealth and honor, fortune smiled brightly on him, but he could not purchase happi ness. and while his sun was yet at its meridian he passed in his miner's right to the Grand Warden of the Universe. There are others whose services to the colony were secondary only to Bayley's, who, after doing much and daring more, died and were buried with none of the outward marks of con sideration or honor. And what of the miners" provedores ? the men who followed them to the new rushes carrying food and water, often proving the salvation of wcil nigh perishing miners. There were many of t hem in the early days, but the one who was most conspicuous, both for the extent and success of his operations, was foully murdered by a fellow-countryman whilst offering up his dIevotions in his mosque, at the rising sun to the great King and Allah his prophet. And of the mer chants ann storekeepers, how many of the old hands are left ?-far too few; many have been driven by st.ess of circumstances to retire from business altogether, ruined, it may be, by heavy cart.cge, or bad debts, by fires. or over-speculation, or good-hearted ness. until now the list of successful pioneer merchants and storekeepers is a very small one. And the big mining experts-what of them ; the men whose names upon a pros pectus used to be a tower of strength, and favorable reports from whom made even the wildest of wild cats float ! Aye, the times were lively with them when the boom was on. when they spent money liberally and drank champagne as freely as ordinary summer drinks are taken now. Not a few have left the field of their former triumphs with blighted expectations, ruined reputa tions, and limited bank balances, sadder if not wiser men. Amongst the sharebrokers and dealers the greatest havoc has been wrought. A few have swam to the top, but the most of the " gre lt guns " of former days are bur.ted, and too few remain of what was once a proudl array of wealth and talent. The nro fessional men who in the early days were reputed to be making their thousands per annum-how few have sur-k to them? They seemed to think that the wealth which kept pouring into the colony would get bigger in volume. that high land and mining values would continue. and " slumps " were far ahea . Amongst their many gifts that of prescience was not the most conspicuous, and few of the pioneer professional men can be considered to have played up to their opportunities. What about the rank and file in the early days ? How have the workers fared ? It is a notorihus fact that, considering the amount of wealth obtained in the earlier days, the num or of fortunate diggers was very small. Host of them at some time or other made a " punch," big or small. but the temptation to invest again was too great, and specula tion was too rife to let money lie in the banks for a paltry live or six per cent, when five or six hun ired per cent might be made by successful speculation. And after the big "slumps" came the average digger who had invested his money and usually went to the wall. The successful men who made money when the sun shone, men of far-seeing in telligence, who availed themselves of both the flow and ebb of prosperity on tie fields; men who were cautious in laying their plans but bohl in carrying them out. some may think but little need be said of them, they have reaped their reward. Yet even these men have had to pay a big price for thcir success. Look at their prematurely grey hair, the heavy lines on their forehead tell ing of anxious thought, of carkmg care. It is usual to laugh at difficulties which have been overcoCme, to call successful men " lucky," and to hint that their luck has not been the result of their early toils and shrewd speculations. There is, however, no need to seek to detract from the reputations of men who have made money on the fields. All who have had experience must admit that those who, bearing the heat and burden of the early days, have made money, richly deserve it. The successful men have contri buted more than their fair share to the price paid for the fields. There is another class who have done a great deal to make the goldfields, and with out whom the marvellous energy of the miner would have been almost futile-that is the mining investors. When we consider the enormous amount of money which has been spent upon the development of these fields up to date, principally by English speaking peoples, we cannolt hel! admiring the pluck and enterprise of our bhethren. It is safe to say that every ounce of gold sent to the Mint has cost very many times over its market value. Out of the large number of mining properties considered to be worth prospecting, even in the Kalg"iorlie district, how many have been found " duffers 2" It has ever been soin goldmining, and shall ever continue so. And we in this colony have specially to bless John Bull's sons, who. undeterred by previous failures. have had faith in the integrity, pluck, and ability of their brethren to overcome all difficulties and reap a rich reward at last. It is this splendidly speculative sl)irit that turns defeats into victories, which has male the British nation the wealthiest and greatest, commercially and otherwise, in the world It is pleasant to racognise that a large part of the price paid for the goldfiel ds has been borne by our own folks. The price then which has been paid for the material prosperity and wonderful de velopments of these goldfields has been a heavy one, paid for in tears and suffering, in treasure and human life, paid for by hun dreds whose name, will not go down to posterity. Yet we ought to be proud of them, and thankful to, them, as we reap the fruits of their suffering-we are successors to the noble heritage they have won. The poet has sung-" Peace hat h her vic tories no less renowned than war," and amongst the victories achieved, none redound more to the credit of the Anglo. ;axon race, and to that section of it whose sons and daughters reside under the Southern Cross, than the magnificent daring which subdued the desert, and laughing at difficulties and defying dangers, built up these wonderful cities and exploited this vast auriferous country. So long as Great Britain's sons prove their willingness to dare and do and suffer and die as they have shown themselves capable of doing, they will continue as they have done in the past to lead the van of civilisation and remain the dominant race of the world. 