LITERARY NOTES. I Some time ago, when a London news paper confused Mr. Justin H. M'Cartlij with his father, Mr. Justin M'Carthy, the author of the "History of Our Own Times" (says C.K.b\ in the "Illustrated London News '), an Irish wag remarked that this was not the first time a Cockney had dropped an h. Ihe "Cantab," the Cambridge University weekly, asked Mr. Rudyard Kipling to eon tribute, and got in response this "non sense" verse— "There once was a writer who wrote: ' Dear sir, in reply to your note Of yesterday's date, 1 am sorry to state It's no good—at the prices you quote.' " Mr. W. P. lteeves, Agent-General for New Zealand, is reported by the "Literary World" to have prepared an exhaustive work on New Zealand for publication through 1 Horace Marshall and Son, under the title i of "The Long White Cloud—Ao Tea Boa." J it will contain a concise history of New j Zealand from its discovery down to the' present time, much space being devoted to! the Maories. In an examination in logic (says a writer} in "The \oung Man"), the victims were| asked to give in technical language the j character of various terms—i.e., to slate j whether they were abstract or concrete, general or singular, absolute or relative. One of the terms included in the question was "Mr. Balfour." "Mr. Balfour," saidi the examinee, "is absolute if considered with reference (o himself onlv, but relative it considered with reference" to Mrs. Bal four." \\\ hat sort of answer would the examinee have given had he heard there is no ills. Balfour? Ihe "Outlook" publishes some anecdotes about Dr. 'lemple, the Archbishop of Can terbury. Here is one:—When on the rounds he was put up by a clergyman dur ing the absence of that clergyman's wife. On leaving, the host politely expressed the hope that when next his lordship honoured the house Mrs. lemple would accoinnany linn.. No, thanks,' the Archbishop la conically replied: "Mrs. Temple doesn't like roughing it." The clergyman's feel ings were deeply hurt, for th'e visit-had meant some expense and much anxietv to him. He unburdened liis soul to his wile on her return. "Why, my dear," she ex claimed, "you didn't surely put the Bishop . I1,uk bedroom, did vou?" He did • !'. i that's h- 1 l>ut all the plate in the bed! Robert Browning (says the "Athen amm") destroyed all his letters and papers with the exception of the letters which passed between Mrs. Browning and himself before their marriage. These letters were carefully preserved; they were tied up iu tinj packets, each envelope being num bered, and kept in an inlaid box, into which the packets exactly fitted. While still m vigorous health Mr. Browning used these words concerning them:—"There they are. Do with them as you please when I am dead and gone." The " \then a?um ' announces that the letters are to be published. Amelie Rives, an American authoress, who has written touching verse and weird stories, has committed suicide in Berlin. Her curious marriage experiences are de scribed by the Rev. W. Garrett-IIorder, who, when compiling "The Treasury of American Song," bad occasion to apply to the poetess for permission to use a piece she had contributed to "Harper's Maga-1 z\n%' under the title of "Unto the Least of lliese Little Ones." When Mr. Gar rett-Horder waited on her in London she was the wife of the Prince Troubetskov, the painter. Her first husband was" Mr. C hauler. Not long after her marriage (with him she said to him, "1 am in love with the Prince Troubetskoy, and want to ' marry him." He replied', "If vou are m the same mind a year hence couie to me a j J-**"' you free." The vear passed and she went to her husband and said, "1 am in the same mind"—and the new mar riage followed. Mr. Garrett-Horder says that Amehe, as a young woman, was* a spoilt child. When he saw her "she seemed like a collection of nerves insuffi ciently covered with flesh." She ap peared in a white dressing- gown—her long hair down her back. She looked pale and Wr°Sn i mo« J, e a ghost than a creature of flesh and blood. She had been ill from influenza. Such sates as the Ash burn ham show us (says the "Saturday Review") that, even in these degenerate days, there survives a race of descendants of Dibdin and lteber, who collect real books in the fearless old fashion. It is pleasant to think that there are still people who will give, in open auc tion, £190 for the 1472 folios of the natural history of Pliny, on vellum, and £265 for a bound volume of sixteentli-ceAhiry rappre sentazioni, " some margins cut into." When ! we see a sort of commdpplace- book, with ! Latfn and English sentences out of Te fence, fetch £201 for no reason 'whatever, i except that it iff an example, arid perhaps the Primitive London; press ot Machhma, we feel that the old flame is not extinct. This is, indeed, col lecting for collecting's sake, with no non sense about intrinsic literary merit. We have, we must say, more sympathy with the competition for books really noble in themselves, as well as merely rare. We can thoroughly comprehend the'joy of pos sessing the 1529 edition of Geoffroi To??* Champ hleury " or the 1498 folio of the Prophecies of Merlin, in three volumes. a Eu , mst mentioned was paid at the Ashburnham sale the sum of £760. which I certainly deserves to be called "a truly; princely figure. . j , An unusual but successful jnethod of bringing life back to a person supposed to be dead is recorded in the "Memoirs of Henry Reeve" (Longmans). Reeve heard of it from Lady Clanricarde when dining at Lord Derby's.. NeWs came from Clum ber that the Duke: of Newcastle was dan gerously ill with typhus fever. Sir Mat thew Tierney .was sent down as fast as i8!! coyld hin2' n about jT Pre-*ailway days; and when he arnved Le avas -informed that -the Duke had been dead about two houre. Shocked a'*'. ln£rigence' be desired to see the Ifif £ut. his first glance he thought he was dead. At the second he doubted it. At the third he cried out, "Bring nie up a bucket of brandy!" They tore the clothes off the body and swathed it in a sheet im- j bibed with brandy, and then resorted to | friction with brandy. In rather niore| than an hour symptoms of life began to manifest themselves, and in two hours the Duke was able to swallow. He recovered,, and lived twenty-five years afterwards. j Mr. G. R. Neilson lias edited a "Book j of Bulls," issued by Simpkin, Marshall, j Two are attributed to Sir George Balfour. J Referring in the House of Commons to a; proposed loan by the British to the Indian Treasury, he remarked that two million pounds was "a mere flea-bite in the ocean." ( When speaking about Indian military affairs, he declared that "the pale face of the British soldier was the backbone of our Indian army." The reason Dr. John son gave why inscriptions on tombstones should be in Latin was, "Because, being a dead language, it will always live." In Johnson's distionary it is recorded that a garret "is a room on the highest floor in the house," while the cockloft is "the loom oyer the garret." An eminent mathema tician, who was invited to dine at a house in Belgrave-square, turned back, it is said, in disgust when lie found it was not a : square, but a parallelogram. The transla- ■ tion or a Continental novel contains these sentences:—"Her hand was cold, like that of a serpent." "The Countess was about I to reply, when a door opened and closed ber mouth." "The Colonel paced back-j ward and forward with his hands behind i his back reading the newspaper." Of journalistic bulls there are many. "The Times," in its eulogy of Baron Dowse, the Irish judge, said:—"A great Irishman has . passed away. God grant that many of, the great men who wisely love their country may follow him." In its notice of "Emin Pasha: His Life | and Work" (Constable), the "Athenaeum" says that Emm was 110 soldier. He was, above all things, a man of science, and that [ he should have been pitchforked into a part: against the biggest revolution that East j Africa has known in the century is one j of the ironies of fate. The chief and most J permanent interest of the memoir lies in | the revelation of the singularly attractive character of the ardent naturalist, heaping | up priceless collections of specimens, and ' devoting every moment that could be spared from the business of bis olHcc to scientific observation and discovery. Dur ing bis last painful and disappointing ex pedition he Writes:— "Amidst all mv recent troubles and trial I have had one great consolation—I have! discovered a largish cat, hitherto unknown I to naturalists. It will arouse considerable | interest in Europe." Or again:— "I have built a pretty hut for myself, and j I am now sitting in" it, surrouuded by my goods and ^-Chattels, instruments, collec tions, birds'hung up for drying,"', &c.; An amjishig inci^ejit connected j^th tbej British afcsaplt on ttSife vhei&hts; of Dargai, in the rectenj^ht with the Afridhs, i6 re corded in NEjflfian Trwntaer- Warfare" by Captain YomighufebaudL-^wdro," as "The I Times" correspondent, accompanied Sir William Lockhart's expedition at the final assault:—"Colonel Mathias, no longer quite in his first youth, was somewhat short of breath, and said to Colour-Sergeant Mackie, alongside whom lie found himself at this moment, 'Stiff climb, eh, Mackie? Not quite—so young—as I was—you know.' 'Never mind, sir!' answered the gallant sergeant, giving his C.O. a hearty slap of genuine^ admiration on the back, which almost knocked his remaining wind out of I him—' Never mind, sir! Ye re gauu verra strong for an auld man!' " A wireless telephone is in use among I the Indians of Catuquinarn, in the Amazon region between the. rivers Embyra and E111 byrasu (says the "Geographical Journal"). It is made by digging a hole in the ground ; inside the house, and laying the bottom with coarse sand well piled. On this is laid a wooden drum, or hollow cylinder of' wood half filled with fine sand and layers j of broken wood, bone, and powdered liiica. The upper part of the cylinder, which is empty, rises above tlie floor of the hut, j and is closed by leather, then wood, and j lastly indiarubber. Outside the cylinder is packed round with fragments of wood, | leather, and resins, which is covered with • hard rubber at tlie level of the soil. To , use the apparatus the drum is struck by , a wooden hammgr, and the vibration is ' evidently transmitted through the soil. | The answer is heard in the drum, which j acts as a resonance chamber. Messages can thus be sent over 1,500 yards from house to 1 house. * j According to "Symon's Monthly Me teorological Magazine" life in Werehojansk, Siberia, the coldest place in the world (lat.! 67deg. 34min. north, . and Ion. 133deg. 51min. cast), is not so very unpleasant. | The mean temperature of January is 48deg. T*. below zero, and tbe lowest observed is 90deg. F. below zero, or 122deg. of frost; but tlie air is so dry and still as a- rule that the intense cold is unfelt. During the summer the temperature sometimes rises to 86deg. .F. in the shade, hut it freezes at night. The end of (he summer is often accompanied by heavy raiiiH and floods. There are few or no trees, hut open meadows, and the people live on fur bearing animals,. hares, fish, cattle, and reindeer. Eight cows are required to sup port a family, four being milked in summer and two in winter. Milk is the principal food, and the teats of the cow are pro tected with felt in "winter time when they are allowed to go outside. Tlie most costly book in the Royal Li brary at Stockholm is a Bible. One hun dred and sixty asses' pkins were used for its parchment leaves.. There are three -hundred and nine pages of writing, and each, page falls but-one inch short of being a yard in length.. The width of the leaves is 20 inches. Tim,, cover is secured with strong metal clasps. , "Christian World" says that it had a narrow escape in 1197, when the Royal Palace at Stockholm was destroyed by* fire: The Bible was in-the building, but someone remembered that it was a treasure, and threw it put of a win dow. Its strong.covers were hfuch injured goes by the title of "The Devil's Bible," because it contains a picture of the devil, with the conventional forked tongue ana long hands and feet. Dr. James Gairdner has a note in the "English Historical Review" for October, on the use of the phrase "member of Par liament." He says:—"In the year 1542, when the policy of giving English titles to Irish chieftainB bad just been commenced, ' Henry VIII. wrote to the deputy and council of Ireland in connection with the case of O'Brien, who was created Earl of Thomond—'But you must remember that the heir of the Earl of Thomond from henceforth must abide his time to be ad mitted as a member of our Parliament till his father or parent shall be deceased, and to be only a hearer, standing bareliead at, the bar beside the Cloth of Estate, as the young lords do here in our realm of Eng- i laud. The heirs of peers, of course, were only commoners, whatever titles of cour-1 tesy they held; and it is a very curious ; question how and under what circum- j stances commoners were admitted to hear i debates in the House of Lords." Dr.' Gairdner says he believes that members of j the House of Commons could always listen j to debates in the Upper Chamber. "Evi- j dently at first they were expected to do i so in a body, and as late as the reign of j Edward VI. it would seem that they fre-! quented the House of Lords in considerable ' numbers. Thus, Peter Martyr writes to j Bucer on Dec. 26, 1548 ('Zurich Letters,' j p. 460, Parker Society), in reference to the j religious questions then before Parliament: ; —'Those who arc in the Lower House, as1 it is called—that is, men of inferior rank—! go up every day into the Higher Court of ; Parliament, not, indeed, for the purpose of < voting (.for that they do in the Lower , House), but only that they may be able to hear these sharp and fervent disputa tions.' " The lowest standard currency among the Kwakiutl Indians in British Columbia is blankets, as appears from the Smithsonian report on their "Social Organisation,' which is reviewed by "The Times," and forms of usury are known among them which Mr. Attorney-General Isaacs would forbid in Victoria. The unit of value is a blanket, while an engraved copper plate of native make nominally represents about 5,000 blankets. A poor person in debt may pawn his name, sav, "Flying Cloud," for a year, during which he calls himself something else, or is anonymous. If he gets 30 blankets for his name, he redeems that treasure by paying 100. Now, the son of a duke becomes a duke, and ousts his father, thus—at about the age of twelve I he raises a loan of 100 blankets at 100 perj cent. He then gives away the blankets to | the tribe. In any future distribution, of which there are plenty, he has a right to thrice as many blankets as he gave away. Thus lie amasses 300 blankets, but at the j year's end he has to return his borrowed capital of 100 at 100 per cent., which leaves j him only a hundred blankets. These he • lends out, and, if he is a careful lad, he j may soon acquire 400 blankets, on account j of the prevailing high rate of interest, espe-1 cially if he deals with hard-pressed people. who pawn their names. After paying off i his debt, the yopng financier becomes a I noble, and assumes .his father's seat. He | goes on lending blankets and acquires wealth, not for its own sake, but that he may be able to give great "grease feasts," at which the guests are nearly roasted. 