0UACKERY. 'BattHUnil tongue ran on. i. ' And with itoevedutliutiBlaok Set aUmen'j -eara upon the raok.' — Bodibbab. Hobi Gebt was horn a£ Lisbon on tbe eame day. that his father was killed in the storming of Ba^ajoz, on April 14, 1812\. ? - ... ' DpiNK causes divofoe,' says Hodges J., of Melbourne. Just as loeioal to aav that divorce oauflss drink. Two effects, »r twp hundred, don't make one cause. fiis Fowbll XXX BcricTOK, Governor f Sonthostralia, laid the foundation stone' of the Elder Conservatorium of Mueio 'in the name of tbe Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' whioh should, but wont, ensure harmony in the ranks of the lank-haired professors. On Wednesday Water Bailiff Self utter a hard race, captured a party of poachers who were at work on the Jor dan. The catch inolnded a boat, 70yd. aat, and a jnagnifioent lot of salmon and bream. A co. of ' leading Hobart lady and gentlemen amateurs ' were billed to run an entertainment last Monday night, at Port Cygnet, when the ' Limerick Boy ' was to lake the boards. A heavy death tate was eipeoted and a city undertaker adrertised that he ' performed in tbe country at reasonable cites. Coffins ap propriately mounted in keeping with reli gion and age. The trade supplied.' He didn't particularise whether it was the cold meat or small goods trade. In connection 'with a aaasiety marriage is the vonohed for fact that the linen sheets for the bridal bed are ornamented ?with drawn thread work. The work was done by a brilliant artiste j but very poor and a cripple, consequently an easy viotim to the bargain hunting tabby. The price arranged was 3s. 6d. per sheet and the sweated viotim was commis sioned to make four sheets, equal to four weeks' work. Ye Sods of Oupid-ity 1 A 8K&RT; man-abouc-town having been converted during the Christian Endea vor Convention, recently held at Mel bourne, his wife threatens divorce. Knowing a thing or two, she is alarmed at the prospect of her husband being in the fold with sweet Endesvorers who aspire to white gowns and things. WBiliE suffering from a severe attack of hay fever a Hobart business man was visited by bis lady love, lust as she came forward he faintly ejaculated ' 'Souse me,' and darted for his hand kerchief ; but tbe practical joker had sewn up his overcoat pookets. With an angry ' dammit ' he buried his note in a Bheet of newspaper. When he recovered his girl had gone, and now she ooesnt play speaks. Last Monday a champion of the Olipj-kk entered the editorial boly of holies and eadly expressed hie regrets. He explained that last Sunday, when reading the romancing of De Bauge mont, his wife would persist in inter rupting with extracts from this bally blue rag, and so he ejaculated something pungent that sounded like 'punc- ture the Clipper.' He then asked the editor to kumanavadrink. The invite was accepted ; bat every man of the staff has since been oarpeted by the enuhedi tor, who Hays we'll all have to freshen up or be out-Ananiased by a bloke who can only tell lies about niggers. At a Licensed Victuallers' picnic, i«k oently held at Adelaide, a drag load of Brother Bungs were scaled, and the ton nage with the driver added, wat 1 ton 8owt. lqr., or an average of slightly over 16 stone each. The champion heavy weight was a Melbourne visitor, who scaled ISst. 181b. It is suggested to hold a tog of war between the L.Vs. and members of the Cold Water Brigade, 14 a side. Proceeds to be given to the Society for the Improvement of Other Jfeople's Morals. THE brave and honorable British soldier wbo bouses a certain detachment of our local Tommy Alkinees is Barely not aware that some of his men fill their spare time by playing Peeping Tom. It doesn't seem particularly brave or warlike for a uniformed swashbuckler to bide be hind a fence in order to listen to lovers' talk on the other side of tbe said fence. Unless, of course, our defenders are being trained as military spies. Jm Slattebt, the Penshurst (V) bank bailer, was, as a boy, one of the quietest, best behaved lads in the world. Also, as a younp man he was a model of propriety and disseminated an atmos phere of Sunday school even among a crowd of rongh shearers and rauscmbouts. Writer met him on tbe Billabong 16 years ago and has watched hie career in several colonies ever since. He neither drank nor smoked and was a fairly gooi publio speaker and organiser. Developed an enthusiasm for the Australian Native Born latterly and was secretary for the Casterton Branoh A.N.A. when he met his first ' trouble.' Had bigideas ; and now has ten years. 