(From our own Correspondent.) November 7. Reaping commenced in this locality a week or so ago, but has only now become general. The yields vary from four or five bushels up to 16 bushels to the acre. The first load of new wheat was delivered here last week to the S.A. Farmers' Union by Mr. R. H. Satchell, of Narridy. The sample was fairly good, weighing 63 lbs to the bushel. It was of the Hamlyn variety of wheat. and the crop averages 10 bushels. A parcel was also received from Mr. R. Pavy, of Hillside, which also weighed 63, the sample being better than was expected. Afte. a very successful season the Literary Society has come to a most ignominious conclusion. It has been the custom to wind up each year with a " toast night," and a strong committee was formed to arrange for such a meeting and to draw up the necessary programme of speeches, etc. The efforts of the committee resulted in a notice that no meeting would be held—a sorry ending to a successful session. Some rather curious developments are reported to have occurred in connection with a recent fire which destroyed a pawnbroking establish-, ment (the Sunday Times says). As bad lack would have it, the con- flagration occurred on a Saturday, the great day of redemption in regard to such articles as are not badly wanted during the week in many households where beer is a greater desideratum during six days than suits of Sunday best or boiled rags. By a wise dis pensation of Providecce the best suit generally remains in soak from Monday to Saturday, the amount yielded by its hypothecation being represented frequently by regular supplies of liquid refreshment during the week. Then when the ghost walks on Saturday out comes the customary suit of solemn black for church or Sabbath breaking pur poses, according to the proclivities of the owner. In one case at least it seems that a loving wife had pawned her lord and master's best things without his knowledge or consent, and great was the weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth when their total destruction came about just before the usual hour for taking them out. It is said that the domestic ructions in that family have not yet ceased, and there is even talk of a divorce suit in consequence of the loss of the other one. A virtue that cannot be named without sin.—Sincerity. Lord Roberts says he has under his command 14,500 British soldiers pledged to total abstinence. The average depth of the Atlantic is 2¼ miles. There are seven continental countries whose entire population does not equal the present estimated population of London—Sweden, Norway, Turkey in Europe, Denmark, Portugal, Greece, and Holland. Salt water is slightly heavier than fresh water. The British Government derives £2,200,000 from the Land Tax. £4,440,000 from the House-Tax, and £9,000,000 from the Income Tax. Rome reached its greatest size during the fourth century of the Christian era, when its population was estimated at 3,500,000. A good story is told of those gifted musical brothers, the Hambourgs. It is well known that, like most people of genius, they possess a highly strung nervous organization, a characteristic which is a source of considerable danger to articles of fragile material which they have occasion to handle. This tendency causes them to be constantly breaking the porcelain, delf, and glassware used by them as table furniture, bedroom ware, &c...; and their liability in this respect is so notorious at the hotels they stay at that the breakage of any articles, the cause of which is unknown is at once put down to the Hambourgs, and charged to their account, such items being, as a rule, paid by the brothers without demur. While staying in Melbourne during their recent visit, some ladies occupied the room next theirs, at their hotel. These ladies after returning from the theatre one night indulged in an oyster supper, with the usual liquid accessories, and. having finished their supper, put the tray containing the. plates, cruet, glass, &c.;,on the passage outside their bedroom door. They were awakened; some hours afterwards by a terrific crash, and it subsequently transpired that the boots coming along in the darkness had stumbled over the tray, and kicked the fragments all over the passage, a good deal of debris being scattered about in front of the Ham- bourgs' door They were leaving that day, and at breakfast Mark was studying.their bills with a more than usually troubled countenance. It is needless to say that it included the cost of the articles destroyed early that morning. Mark passed the bill to Jake, who, after carefully inspect ing it, whispered that he did not think they were responsible for that par ticular item. In the meantime, the ladies who were actually responsible for the catastrophe, and who were seated opposite the puzzled artists, had dropped to the situation, and could scarcely contain themselves for laughter, but just as the brothers had resignedly made up their mind to foot the bill the real culprits owned up, and for that time the musicians were allowed to go free of the customary addendum to their account. A story is told of Lord Russell of Killowen.Lord Chief Justice of England. When a young man, Russell was ex- tremely fond of the stage, and frequently spent his evenings at the theatre. Once he was forced to stand, there being no vacant seats in the pit. Just as the curtain was raised, an old -gentleman, standing in the passage, shouted out, " M ywatch has been stolen, and one of these four men has it " pointiug to the group among whom Russell was standing. There was a tremendous hubbub, every one in the pit standing up to have a look at the daring gang. A. policeman was soon on the spot, and the whole four were led out to be examined. It occurred to Russell that the real thief, on the alarm being raised, might have slipped the watch into his pocket. On placing his hand on his tail-coat pocket, he could feel the outline and hard surface of the watch quite distinctly. Visions of a career blasted on its threshold by a sordid charge of pocket-picking rose before him. Just as he was about to take out the " watch," in the hope that his explana tion might be believed, two detectives came in. They immediately seized one of the men, and, going up to Russell and his two fellow suspects, said; "It's all right, gentlemen, you can go. We've got our man ; he's one of the best-known pickpockets in London." The " bulgy" thing in the future Lord Chief Justice's pocket was—his snuff-box ! The Barrier Miner says: — The human being catches on to the idea of vested interests with marvellous rapidity. He was a little newsrunner, and nightly sold the Miner at an Argent- street corner : and for a fort- night or so he had had a regular customer. Then something detained the customer; and he, missing his boy, bought a copy at a shop. Next night this was the, colloquy. ; Boy " Missed you yesterday, sir." Man: —" Yes,I was late," '' Did yer get a, Miner ?" "Oh,yes." "Did yer get it from er boy with a bandy leg and a black hard hat ?'' " No, I bought it at a shop.'' "Oh, did yer! Well, ' Bandy' ought'nter ha' copped it, then?"* "Bandy— who's Bandy ?" " Oh, he's the boy I jobbed in the jor for takin' my customer !" By the terms of Sir George Grey's will his whole estate, amounting to £5,000, goes to his niece, Mrs. Sey- mour George, of Auckland. A distinguished professor says that what is called stupidily is simply the indication that a certain brain area is not properly nourished or is with out communication with the nerve fibre. Magistrate (sternly): " You're a pitiable specimen of humanity, What brought you to all this degra- dation and disgrace?" Prisoner (proudly) : "It took three policemen." An English illustrated paper re- cently printed a picture of the Em press of Russia nursing her baby girl in the way that was popular before feeding- bottles were invented. When this reached the vigilant eye of the Russian censor the conscientious official was puzzled. It was well known (writes Mr. T. P. O'Connor) tha, the Czarina, herself ministered to the needs of the little Grand Duchess, but to make a picture of it seemed like an infringement of the majesty and the mystery that tradi tionally hedge Muscovite Royalty. The censor consulted; the Minister o: the Interior, who was equally per plexed, and decided to place the mat ter before the Czar himself. ' The best thing I can do,'' said the Em peror, - "is to show this to the Czarina, and let her decide." In a few minutes he returned. ' Her Imperial Majesty," he said, with a smile, " finds nothing in the picture that is contrary to law. Let it pass." The following repartee was much admired by the late Lord Tennyson. The Prince Regent was at Portsmouth one day, and, seeing a notorious character, he said to him, " Hallo, Jack Towers, I hear that you are the greatest blackguard in Portsmouth." Bowing low Towers replied, " I hope your Royal Highness has not come here to take away my character.'' The Bulletin: Lawyer C. Hamp, one of Adelaide's smartest cross examiners, is considerably over 6ft in height, and comes of a very tall family of pioneer squatters. Brother Arthur, now caretaker on "blown out" Lake Everard run, stands 6ft 7in in his socks. It was their grand father who caused the port of Elliston, out on the West Coast, to be named Waterloo Bay. The blacks were very bad in early days. Arthur's father returned one night, and found the '• old- un" missing. After fruitless search goes to camp-oven for cold mutton and finds gran'dad's head in it. . Gathers all whites for miles around, and they; run all the blacks they can find towards some precipi- tous cliffs, whence many jumped into the sea, and those who didn't got there just the same—hence Waterloo Bay."' EIder Brother. — " Tommy, I'm surprised to see you soak your bread in the gravy ! It's very bad form." Tommy — "But it's awfully good taste!" The trouble with most of us is that when we're old enough to know bet ter we're too old to want to. 