THE PREMIEK AT ANNAN- DALE. A AN IMPORTANT SPEECH. PREDICTIONS OF FALSE PROPHETS. A POLICY OF STRAIGHT- GOING. HE DESIRES CO-OPERATION. Tiie member for Annandale, Mr. W. H. Ma- hony, signalised bis re-election to Parliament by entertaining bis committee and supporters at a banquet last night In St. Aldan's-ball, John ston-street. There were about 200 guests pre sent, including the Premier, the Postmaster- General, Messrs. S. T. Whiddon, M.P., E. D. Millen, D. H. Chlsholm, J. H. Seamer, J. J. Skelton, W. R. Broatl, Percy J. Johnstone, C. A. Macintosh, Aldermen J. F. Broad, W. Bull, O. Ridge, W. Woods, Robey, A. Guthrey, and tho Mayor of Annandale (Alderman Allen Taylor). The proceedings were of a most enthusiastic character. On the arrival of the Premier the company rose and gave round after round of cheering. After tho toast of the "Queen," Mr. Mahony proposed the health of the Premier in a eulogistic speech. The Premier in responding, said that after such a magnificent reception, accentuated as it had been . by the enthusiastic manner of drinking his health, ho must say that all the unpleasant occurrences of the past had faded entirely from his memory. (Cheers.) lie had always regarded Annandale as ono of those glorious strongholds of liberalism which could always be trusted to do its duty. Ho frankly admitted that In the arduous campaign, which they had just gone through, no anxiety regarding any danger at Annandale had ever oc curred to him. He had only to look at the other candidate — (laughter) — to convince him that only in a moment of mental abcrmtlou could he bo anxious either about Annandale or Mr. Mahony. Yet when he had looked at the numbers he con fessed he was confounded. He believed, however, : It was because friends of the principles for which : he stood had pushed him forward as the cham pion of Australian union that hundreds of fellow- colonists had voted for him, and in so doing had swallowed the worst pill they had ever been asked to take. (Laughter and cheers.) He could not believe that they had voted for Mr. Cohen on his merits, so he preferred to put a generous con struction on their acts. Pic would go further and say that he believed that hundreds of people who were led to vote for the wrong champions of Australian unity — not the genuine product, but the manufac tured article — (laughter) — would in the futurt bo . tbe first to generously acknowledge the mistake which they had made, and to generously come forward and assure Mr. Mahony of their support al the next election at a rato per cent, which would satisfy even Mr. Cohen. (Loud laughter.) Nothing to his mind had been more melancholy at tho late election than the way in which thous ands of well-meaning, generous Australians had been led astray from tbe grand old track of political progress which the party he led had always followed. One of the extraordinary fea- tuics of the late election, which had degraded it below any previous election, was the way in which certain newspapers bad manufactured tho issue into the narrow question of the personal sincerity of individuals. That action had bad tho most, unhappy effect. ("Hear, hear.") And yet, looking at the matter all round, it was to be ad mitted that they had no other choice. They could not assail hie record — (chc-ers) — or the mag nificent achievements of tbe party which he led. (Cheers.) They could not impugn the Integrity of a single act of liis, or any of Ills coi- loagues. during the whole of tho four years in which they had had to administer the affairs of the country under tho glare of public criticism. Tho effects of their policy on the country, despite desperate seasons, had been so clear tbat even party rancor was stilled When they could not question a man's principles what, then, was left but to impugn his sincerity ("Hear, bear.") No man could provo his sincerity as lie could prove a problem in end id he could only refer to his acts to prove his career. Well, they bad given their oppo nents their opportunity. All their shafts had been spout. Thousands of people bad been mis led for a time. But generous young Australians were too sharp to remain long under the in fluence of those who had played upon them; (Cheers.) The task he had now to perform was ono of the simplest in the world. It might not be so simple to those who had opposed them. ("Hear, hear.") They were being called upon to do that which they had always done — to go straight. They were simply called upon to play a part which they had always played— to prove that which they had proved a thousand times before. (Cheers.) Nothing was easier to sin cere men than to prove their sincerity. They could not prove it in that popular demonstration which met him when he visited Annandale a week or two ago. In the face of such demonstrations of hatred as were then made. (Ironical laugh ter.) He could not believe that thoy emanated from tho men of Annandale. (Loud cries of "No.") He was not prepared to believe that they .were men at all. (Laughter and applause.) Ho fiid believe, however, that it was tho best thing lhat could havo happened for Mr. Mahouy, as it )lvoke up tho last sleeper to the aid of their kricud, and out of that tornado of foul-mouthed Yxccrntlon had come a blessing In disguise. (Cheers.) In the meantime, even their rabid and rancorous opponents in the press were getting tired ot their ferocity. During his absence in the country he was imputed to have been ou traged in a. thousand dark conspiracies to defeat the sacred cause ' ot Australian Federation, '(laughter.) That, however, was the last straw. 3 f they could only havo observed the calm and tranquil week he had spent, he thought they Would have given up the ghost. (Laughter.) Tho man who could sleep 20 hours a day, throw ing all the other hours into meal times— the man who at his time ot life could be thrown out of buggies in the bush without tho slightest etalh, to all appearance, on the tenderest cuti cle, was not to bo destroyed by unsubstantial fitlegations of insincerity. (Laughter and cbeers.) tAt tho same time, he was not at all insensible ito the fact that his very openness and free dom. from guile interpreted by natures of a different cost might appear as tho deepc-st dissimulation. One of the greatest 3>lensures which he could propose for himself In tho immediate future was not to surprise his Iriends or produce startling changes, but, on the contrary, to disappoint the malice of his ene mies. "Whereas they had hold him up to public contempt as the hidden foe of Australian uuion, St would be his pleasant task. not. by change, not iby manoeuvre, but by pursuing tho same straight forward course which he had always pursued, "to convince his enemies that those who cast their Tvotes on the ground of his insincerity had mado & mistake which tliev would live to regret. KCheers.) -It had been his distinction to rely, not on oratory, but on facts; it bad been his privi lege not to return blow for blow, but to cut across the melancholy vein of local selfishness with a policy which sought to cast down every obstacle to brotherly intercourse and freedom of "ttrado, which would bring about what they all 'jdesired, the unity of this great people of Aus tralia.- (Cheers.) He could point again and again ; to' 'solid acts, a series of acts, which he could itnever have accomplished by himself, without the aid of n.s true a band of colleagues as man ever had, or without a band of supporters who for loy alty had never been exceeded by any men who lind sat within the walls of tho Assembly. '(Cheers.) So that in going forward .'trusted with the duty of again lead- ting his party, he would simply pursue the <\- dines which had been so successful in the past, "die would be the same men lie had ever been-— i(cheers) — actuated by the same motives — motives . -(which some regarded as mixed, but which were .mixed only in the sense that he had considered not simply the rights of the other colonies, but also those of his own colony. (Applause.) He did not wish to harp on the war cries of the past. 34o recognised that if union was to be accom plished it could only be by the friendly co-opera tion of members on both sides, if any attempt ''twere made to plunge Parliament into the barren struggles of past years, the great question cf (Federation might be delayed; but the responsibi- 3ity -would not rest on his shoulders, or those of 'his party. (Applause.) Their policy would be to prove their sincerity by adopting the most fair methods of enlisting the patriotism of members . of -tho -Assembly on both sides. To do that they i inust act in a spirit of federal union. When that . was over they would be free to return to Hie melancholy amusements which were indulged m in ancient history. Ho felt very much in tho humor of that person who had expressed his feel- . lugs in the words of the song "We don't want to fight, hut by jingo if we do." (Laughter and cheers.) They did not want to fight. They Would give no provocation; but if It must come, then, by jingo, they were ready for it. (Loud cheers.) Whatever the future might havo In storo for him and bis colleagues and party he hoped the time would never come when he would be found holding office when it was not possible to do so with honor. (Applause.) The mau who only held office while he could do so with self-respect was ta man who never died in the esteem of his fel low countrymen. (Cheers.) Mr. Mahony's bril liant panegyric on himself could not have beeu uttered had he not enjoyed the noble support of men who had been content to stand by him without seeking tho slightest recognition in re turn. Nothing had been more painful to him than the imputations cast by the opposition press cm this member or that waiting upon him for offers of office. He had the houor to lead men who were not built that way. (Cheers.) No single member on his side had ever approached him in any way with regard to their prospects . for the future — (cheers) — and lie desired to make that;fact known. He thanked them very much for that magnificent entertain in cut. Their friend. Mr. Mahony, was a gentleman for whom he bad the most implicit respect. They had been friends for years. The kindness which Mr. .Mafcouy had shown to him in years past had been strengthened by his loyal support in Par liament. (Cheers.) 1-Ie was tfoo much a mau to come before them for what bo was not. Mr. . Mahony was straight as a die, though sometimes there was not quite enough olive oil about him. (Laughter.) He desired to express on. behalf of his party and Government, his per sonal gratitude and obligations to the people of Annandalo. In returning Mr. Mahony. they had helped to silver the lining of the unfortunate losses which the party had sustained. (Cheers.) They could not go out and win a battle every time without losing valuable supporters. No body could feel more than he did the losses of their friends, did he not know that they were men who would bob up serenely at some future time. (Applause.) He looked forward into the future with absolute confidence. (Loud cheers.) tMr. Mahony next proposed the health of his guests, coupled with the names of the Post- uiuoivi-ucHviai, .ITU. iumun, 1>U. wiuuiiUM, uiiu . the Mayor (Alderman Taylor). Mr. Rcld would not allow him to stand and drink the toast alone, aqd in the end the company was convulsed with laughter by having the unique privilege ot \- hearing the Premier join with Mr. Mahony In a rousing duet, "For they are jolly good fellows," meaning the guests. Messrs. Cook, Miilen, Whiddon, and Taylor -briefly responded. 