THE LOW HUTCH BEAR. The women observed that the King — William of Orange— spoke iu a somewhat imperious tone, even to the wife to whom be owed ao much ? ? They wero amused and shocked to Bee him, when tbo Priusesi Anno dined with liirn, and when the first green peas ox the jcar woro put 011 the tablo, dovour the whole dish irithoat offering u spoonful to her.. Ko;al Highness ! And they pronounced that this great politician and soldier wab no better than a Low Datca Bear.— IIacadlay, lantum roli^io potuit euadere malorum. * Lord Macaulay was the panegyrist of William of Orange. H» viewed that sulky, cruel, and typically -lovr Dutch tyrant, as a kind of dequ-god, and devoted the greater part cif tho bril liantly inaccurate History of Eng land ' to liis praiso. Yet even he could sot, without sacrificing all semblance of historical truth, refrain from an occasional sentence of con demnation. To him we owe the un earthing of the fact thai contemporary England had wit enough left to dub William of Orange ' The, Low, Dutch Bear,' »n epithet worthy of all praise for its appositeness. » * » On Sunday last thousands of Aus tralians — Australians certainly by location, bat assuredly not in spirit, in good sense, or in patriotism — as- sembled in the Town Hall for the j annual conclave in praise of the Low Dutch Bear. An assemblage of bearish and monkeyish looking men were there gathered together, to be inflamed by the speeches of kindred creatures in denunciation of the Church of Rome and in adulation of the Low, Dutch Bear. ' \ ? . ? . * The object of their furious and un reasoning hostility is a noble institu tion, whose proud Gothic structure existed in the days when the greater part of Europe \va» btill savage, and a Cawar still reigned at Constantinople. The Roman Catholic Church, holy and venerable, has been since tho days of Christ, is still, and perhaps will ever bo, tho greatest bulwark of religion and 'civilisation against atheism aud barbarism. It saved Roman civilisa tion from extinction, and preserved for posterity tho knowledge and culture of Egypt, Greece, and Rome. It suc cessfully organised Europs against the wild Dorvish raid of the Moham medans, and its missionaries gave to Europe a knowledge of Europe, Asia, anil America. Throughout its exis tence its name has almost necessarily been associated with some crimes and some follies ; Roman Catholic princss have been infamous, and even the Pontiffs of Rome not always stainless. But ou the whole the Church of Rome can claim to be the most beneficent institution ever established on earth by tho hands of God or man. It is against this holy and august body that the mean and impotent rage of the Orangemen casts itsalf. * ? * The god of these fanatics, tho man to whose fame they sacrifice their Christian charity and their good sense, is well described as a Loir Dutch Bear. In celebrating his victories Orangemen are in the first place foolish for ador ing a ' hero ' of buckram ; in the second placo, damnably unpatriotic for maintaining the memory of victories which were wou over Englishmen ; in tho third place, wicked for thus per petuating religious envy aud unchari tablcness. ? ' » ? _ Tho coming of tho Dutchman to England proved, if it proved anything, that the English people, being so un fortunate as to have an unsatisfactory prince, so lacked the genius of govern ment that they could neither establish ?i-.jsjgublic nor tiud .a , worthy ruler i amongst themselves. So ihey had to put their patriotism under tliu heel of a Dutch usurper. Wliat a contemp tible and shameful admission ! What a dark, miserable page in the hi:turv of our glorious mother country Let us eudoavor to flow the stream of Lotho over its memory rath or than perpetuate the disgracerul re cord by speeches and demonstrations. The Dutchman used hip victory over England with somo cunning, 'out little consideration for the national feelings of the vanquished, Dutch favorites, such as Auverquqne, Zulesieiu, and Bentinck found high offices oi state. A Dutch admiral loandod the peerage of which Lord Ancram, recently killed in this colony, was an unhappy repre sentative. Schomberg became com mander of the army. Little wonder that, as Macaulay records, there was 'cordial rejoicing among the JPutch.' ' On the very day of his accession,' tho same historian records, ' William had written to assure the Statss Goucral that the change in his situa tion had made no change in the affection which ho bore to bis nativo land, and that his dignity would, ha hoped, enablo him to discbarge his old duties more efficiently thau ever.' Precisely is William's platform put there. Euglaud was to bo treated as an appanage of Holland ; its treasury was to 'b; tjiuployod to satisfy the greed of impoverished Dutchman ; its soldiers' blood was to bj poured out like water to further the greatness of the little mud-fiat, Holland. How well this platform was to be observed events soon proved. The Parliament of Holland demanded, and success fully demanded, the .use of ihe English army against Franc?. Under Schomberg, tha Dutchman, thay had to march for' the good ot Dutchland. Small wonder that some of them mutinied. But the mutiny was crushed out by Dutch soldiers uuder the Dutchman Giukel. * * ? . But the record is ton shameful ! For England's sake, for tha sake of the great land from whose loins we have sprung, tho befouled page should be blotted out of our history. Those who re-copy and illuminate it year by year, are traitors to the blood of Britain. # # ? Added to considerations of patriot ism, there are higher thoughts of religious charitableness which shonld prevent the annual recurrence of the l'2th of July celebrations. Says Bacon in his essay on Unity in Religion: — tisrUlnl*. it is little belter when AthsiaU ani profans parsons do hear of so many diicordant and contrary opinions in religion. It doih avert them from tbeohurch ani maketh ti.Lin to ait down fa the chair of seatners. . . . It was great blasphemy when ths Devil said : ' X will aBoandand belike Tne.UigheBt.' But it ii greater blasphemy lo personate God, tad bring Mm in saying : ' I will desuend and be like the Prinoe ot -Bhrkbess.' And \rhst is it bettor to make the cause of religion to descend to cruel exeorable aotions P Surely thin is to bring down tbe Holy Ghost, iosie,id oi the likeness of a dove, is the shape ol a valturd or r«vea, and lo set out of tha barque of a Christian ohurt^i,aflag of a barque of pirates and assassins. In what language could ih? wicked ness of the Orangemen be better des cribed 1 Truly they are assassins of religion, and blasphemers who, in the name of God, promulgate envy, rage and all manners of uncharitableness. 