SEA GIFTS. " Give thou a gift to me, From thy treasure-houBe, O Sea!" Said a red-lipped laughing girl While the summer yet was young ; And the sea laughed back and flung At her feet priceless pearl. " Give thou a gift to me, Prom thy treasure-house, O Sea!" Said the maiden once again. On a night of wind and rain— Like a ghost the moon above her Stared through winding sheets of cloud, On the sand in seaweed shroud Lay the pale corpse of her lover. Which is better, gain or loss ? Which is nobler, crown or cross ? We shall know these things maybe When the dead rise from the sea. A feature of the meeting of President M'Kinley and 6,000 citizens recently in the centre of the field of " The Bivouac of the Dead," in the great amphitheatre of the National Cemetery at Arlington, was the oration delivered by Senator Thurston, of Nebraska. He said in part:— "To have lived long, purposeless, neutral years is nothing—to have lived a few glorious hours, to have bravely faced the infinite, to have calmly met the Master in humanity's cause is sublime. " Why mourn these dead of ours? They Bleep in the bosom of the land they loved. Here, where the ground once shook beneath the tramp of contending hosts, they are at rest. The sentinels no longer patrol the banks of the Potomac. Grant and Lee both lived t.o attest the goodness of God who preserved the union. And over the river on the beauteous dome of the nation's Capitol, serenely uplifted toward the ethereal blue—kissed by the sun of day, wooed by the stars at night—tranquilly floats the unconquered flag of the greatest nation on earth. " After a third of a century of peace and prosperity all the children of our common country kneel at the altar of a reunited faith. The blue and the gray lie in eternal Blumber side by side. Heroes all, they fell face to face, brother against brother, to expiate a nation's sins. The lonely fireside and the unknown graves, the memory of the loved, the yearning for the lost, the desolated altars, and the broken hopes are past recall. But through the mingled tears that fall alike upon the honored dead of both the North and South turn hopeful eyes to that new future of prosperity and power, possible only in the shelter of the dear old flag. To the conquerors and the conquered, to the white man and the black, to the master and the slave, the result was God's providence. " For the first time in the history of Decoration day we are at war. Once more upon the soil of old Virginia the federal bayonetB are agleam. From day to day the boys in blue pass by; the reveille, the bugle call is heard even in this city of the silent dead. This time, thank God, the war is not sectional. There are no brothers arrayed against brothers; no Americans against Americans. There is only one uniform in all the land, one flag in all the sky, one sentiment in the breasts of all the heroes of the republic." Illingworth (quoting from I.N.B. scripture books): " Among other words I find at the head of the lesson ' to be explained'is the word 'circumcision.' How is a sixteen-year-old teaching miss to explain that?" Remarkable item in the Kalgoorlie " Miner " : " Items of news.—Yesterday there was again a clean sheet at the Hospital of St. John of God." It was found necessary to hold a post-mortem examination to ascertain the cause of death, when five tons of rock fell on Bradbury at Bardoc.—"Broad Arrow Standard." Cheerful item in a Chicago paper: " Company F (in Cuba) had apple dumplings today." THE SERPENT'S LEGACY. (From V. J. Daley's poems.) An epple caused man's fall, as some believe. But that old Snake, malevolently wide, A deadlier snare set when he left to Eve His tongue of honey and mesmeric eyes. " Give me a subject," replied Dean Swift to a lady who asked thiB famous divine to make a pun. "The Queen, dear sir," said the titled dame. " The Queen i» no subject," answered the Dean, who then had a cup of choice " Uplands" Ceylon Tea. Mr H. A. Devenish, of Hay-street, is now the purveyor of this pure and special brand from Ceylon.* About 900 treeB—kurrajong, tamarisk, pepper, sugar gum, and Moretoo Bay fig—have been planted by the Kalgoorlie Municipal Council this season, The goldfields municipalities show an amount of enterprise and energy which the metropolis tries to keep pace with in vain. The " tick," to be or not to be, is now the burning question. Hancock swears it is, whilst Duiack swears it is not. Now,, the question is, who is right ? This question is now being solved by Messra Batger and Daddo, tailors and outfitters at the Black Swan House, who are always right both in prices and quality.* Sydney " Bulletin " Bays the boom in W.A. is dead. As a boom it never was very much alive, but the following land sale inducements le.tve no doubt about the fact that it has departed this life:— Highest land. Great depths. Years of credit. No interest. Low price. At last the land-hoister finds himself like Othello. His occupation's gone. Amen! VICTOR J. DALEY. 