CHAPTER VIII. A LETTER FROM AMS'. “Poor fellow 1" muttered the new rector ; “ poor fellow 1 I cannot let him go alone in that frame of mind." Darting to a coat-rack in the hall, he quickly enveloped himself in an ulster and hurried after .. Leve3on’B reeling figure. “ Mr Leveson ! Mr Leveson!” he said. “Perhaps you would like to see Mr Carleton 1 He lives here still—just over the hill, in a place called Willows Cottage.’’ Cyril turned and stared at him with blood shot eyes ; then he seemed to com prehend, for he nodded his head. It was bitterly cold, and the snow that whirled in their faces cut like flying bits of steel, but Cyril felt that his blood was on fire, while his heart was as cold as death. The Willows was far removed from any other dwelling-place, but to-night there were several of the windows brightly illumined, and Leveson muttered : “ Heavens 1 Can it be that they are merry-making here, too ?” The minister led the way to the door ; he rang the bell, and whispered hastily to Mrs Meade, who opened it to him. ‘ ‘ I want to see Mr Carleton alone for one minute. Most important. Tell him that it is Mr Walker.” The housekeeper looked curiously at the tall dark form beside him, bade them come in, and went away. Mr Walker eyed Cyril doubtfully; then, he whispered : “ I do not think that I can do any further good here, Mr Leveson. The scene between you and Mr Carleton is sure to be a painful one —a scene wherein I have no right to intrude. Take comfort from me, my dear fellow, and believe how deeply I sympathise with you. The Lord’s will be done. ’ “ That makes it none the less hard to bear,” Cyril groaned. “ I have no plea sant thoughts of Providence and provi dential kindness just now. My heart has been ruthlessly broken; my whole life blasted! Don’t talk to me of the good ness of Heaven 1” Mr Walker grasped his hand fer vently. “ I will walk to the Hall with you if you will permit me,’’ he suggested. “ No, thank you ; I prefer to be alone,-’ was the ungracious retort. “ Good-night, Mr Leveson.” The rector stepped softly and swiftly out of the room. He knew that he was wanted there no longer—ho knew that his presence would only add to the misery of the scene that would be sure to follow. He closed the door behind him, and within a few moments Mr Carleton walked to the room wherein Cyril was awaiting him. He had no idea that any other except the new rector was there. The minister came making inquiries about pariah ..;;'r!'he had not yet quite fallen V : • - easily. K; ' ;• VU-way un come home at last, 1 k>vr> h-rrch ^ ;-v, What have you done with hr.r V’ He spoke almost fiercely, and tii~- j! man cowered, as though to evade.a blow. “What have I done with her?” he stammered, his face glowing red and white by turns, his hands clasping and unclasping, nervously. “Cyril, my boy Cyril! I thought that you W9re drowned 1 This shock has completely unmanned me.” He fidgetted about the room, Cyril watching him the while with a stony glare. “Do you mean to tell me,” he de manded, “that you never received my cablegram ? Do you mean to tell me that you have not heard one word of my escape from a happy .death ? And this is what I struggled for ; this is what ‘I suffered untold tortures for! My darling is dead 1” Mr Carleton looked over his shoulder nervously. At that very moment Denzil Lismore was in the house; Denzil Lis more whom he had hoodwinked, and whose vengeance would be terrible in deed, did he but half suspect the trick which had been played upon him. “If I had only known before 1” the old man groaned, inwardly ; “if I had only known before it was too late 1 Oh, Amy, my poor child ! what a terrible wrong I am guilty of! But only for a Bhorb time—only for a short time l” “ Your telegram came,” he said at length, his tones husky, his head bowed almost to his knees ; “ but I never saw it; it was mislaid—lost. I was away at the time. I believe it was the very day that poor Amy left us. I don’t seem to realise that it is really you, Cyril. You look so different, so old. It was the shock of your death that killed her ; it wa3 my lord’s fault; He had a telegram from the agents'—a cold-blooded thing it was, that no people ought to be allowed to send out. Lady Margaret gave it tc Amy, and she just dropped insensible at her feet. She never recovered. I took her to Seagirt, but it was useless, and now-” “And now?” questioned Cyril, hope lessly. “There is one more grave in the church-yard, one more coffin in the vault that your uncle built for my use—f or the use of my family.” Cyril bent his face downward, and sobbed. At last the tears that had beer so long pent up came to his relief, and his huge frame shook like an oak in s wind-storm. Presently he looked up and spoke : “ Carleton, forgive me if I have beer abrupt and thoughtless of speech. ] know that you loved our darling as fondly as though she had been a child oi your own. I can see that the trouble has affected you deeply. You are aged beyond your years ; you are not the Bame mar that I knew in the happy past. I will go I cannot bear this place now ; I hate it 1’ “ Don’t go yet; not for a few weeks,’ interrupted the old man, weakly. “ Don’! go yet, Cyril; things may be all righi before long.” Leveson looked at him pityingly. L was evident that his mind was unhinged “ Good-night, Carleton,” he said. “] am better now. A little while since ! wonder that my brain did not burst; th< pressure upon it seemed to fill my head with fire. I don’t know what I shall dc with myself in all the dreary fature. J wish now that I had perished with the other brave fellows who went down in the Grosvenor. Good-night.” He was striding to the door, and Mi “You will come again? he asked. “ Some day all will be made dear.” “ Yes; I’ve heard that stuff from you parsons before. All will be made clear some day; but that is of no use to suffer ing mortals now. One word more,” he added, lowering his voice. “ I think I know the vault you refer to. I will have one look at it; 1 shall feel that I am a little nearer to all that made life dear to me.” “Yes,’'said Mr Carleton, with a de spairing groan ; “ but don’t go there to night, on Christmas Eve, Wait until morning. Things may be-’’ But Cyril interrupted him savagely, and strode swiftly out of the house and away. When he was gone Mr Carleton paced the room in agony. “ If I had only known,” he thought. “ If I had only known. But for the fiend who is now under my roof, who is here to taunt me of the wretched past by his accursed presence, but for him this cruel deception should end to-night. And yet a few more days cannot do much harm, while impatience would be my ruin I Exposure, implacable hate, death in a lonely prison cell t The disgrace, the disgrace would cling to her!” He took from his pocket a letter that he had received that very day, and read it for the twentieth time. There was no address, and no date, but it was in the handwriting of his niece, and ran as follows;— “Dear Uncle,—I am quite well now, and as happy as I can ever be again in this life. Perhaps I am doing wrong in writing to you, but I cannot resist doing so at Christmas-time. My heart bleeds for you when I think of your lonely fire side. Do you remember the good times we used to have in the happy, happy ' past ? Oh, if we could only have fore seen ! What a wretched and hollow sham life is, after all 1 The bells will soon be ringing all over the land ‘ Peace on earth and good will to men!’ Do you really think that there i3 peace anywhere on earth, unless it be to thoso grosser natures that are soulless ? Heaven bless you, dear uncle, and keep you out of the toils of that bad man, Denzil Lismore. I received a letter last week from Lady Margaret, full of sympathy and love. I have not replied, and ask you to thank her in my name. Mrs Page has addressed the envelope for me, so that no one is likely to guess even that your corres pondent is one who is supposed to have gone forever.—Your loving niece, “ Amy.” He carefully replaced the letter in his pocket-book, and rejoined his guest in the parlor. “Jove, Carleton 1 What is wrong with you?” exclaimed Lismore. “One would think you had seen a ghost 1” “ Cyril Leveson is home again,” was the tremulous reply. “ I have had to break to him the new3 of Amy’s death. His grief was awful.” “ I must confess that this is not the most cheerful place on earth,” Lismore said ; “ and I hardly know what brought me here to-day. However, I will leave you early in the morning, after l have had a look at the man who was my rival. I must pay my devoirs to the Lady Mar garet, since I am so near to Queens wood.” He watched his host for a while in fur tive silence, his penetrating black eyes flaming with hidden meaning. “ Carleton,” he said, at length. “ I once believed 1 was master of all your secrets. What is it you are hiding from mef - The question was so sudden that Carleton’s face became grey with fear. “ I ?” he stammered. “Yes,” smiled Lismore. “I am -■\ther suspicious of aged gentlemen who .., - . —'t lady correspondents 1” lTo be Continued) 