Original Novel. THE Daughters of Eye; ||ale of the gaori lgar .CHAPTER ,V.—(CONTOTUED.) ByEDWIN DOIDGE, Author of ' Father and Son ;* * The Mystery of Mervellifiu,* etc. Florrie sprang quickly from him. exclaiming as she did to, ' Mr. Ward, you really must not talk like this to me!' 'Mr. Ward,' echoed Charley with all the reproach he could put in his voice. Then he collapsed, concluding that he had not a ghost of a chance to win Florrie Campbell. For perhaps fifty yards they walked on in silence. It is a way women have to quickly relent on the appearance <of unkindness. She told herself now that she had been unkind to. Ward, and he was kind to her. Besides he lras willing, wanting, to love her, and what woman is altogether indifferent to a man's leve, even if she cannot give him her love P She did not mean to call him Charley, bat he.was walking much faster than when they were coming out, and wouldn't even look at her. Would she say a word to melt him P n Charley,' (so gently, and almost repentingly)'' I told them that you had come with me. So people will love you too, if you go about pn kindly missions.' This speech was said with such childlike simplicity and good- faith,, that Ward stood for a 'moment and looked at Florrie, then burst into such a hearty laugh as woke the echoes of the hills; and the peach blossom of Florrie'slace reddened into rose. • You are vefy rude to laugh at me.' 'Dear littl?,Flqirrie, if these trees had any humor in them, they wou.d bump each other, and laugh theirtopa off, qut of sheer merriment at your droll speech.* ' I fail to see .anything particularly droll about it.' 'Then your butnp of humor has not developed like every other charming feature about you.' 'I shall begin to think you a flatterer.' •Think and say..what you like of me, I'lorrie. if yonViil only promise to love me a little?' 'Did love ever come by promise? Oh, Mr. Ward, I am. sorry for you—but it is impossible, and I am not thinking of marriage yet. Aref you coming in ?' for they had arrived at the gate of the house. •No, thank you ; perhaps.I had better not oome to your house again.' • I am sure we shall be sorrj if j ou 4oi not.. Good night.' 'Goodnight.' >. •It is impossible,' were the words which seemed to ring In Charley W^d's ear as he wended hia way home, so dej^tedly that he wondered how he could have ^ughed along that Same road a few minutes before, just as though it mattered little to lim whether Morrie loved him or not; and\iow he told himself it mattered all the world CHAPTER VI. \ AN IMPOSSIBLE HAN. I \ ' What is there impossible aiout me, Ambrose ?' was the rather strange question which Charley Ward asked Ambrose Campbell next morning, when Brosy notiusd something wrong with Ward, and asked what was the matter. ' What is there impossible about you?' repeated Brosy. ' How do you mean ? ' Well, last night Florrie said it was impossible to think of me.' ' Oh, that's what's the matter ; came down too sudden, I expect, Charley.' * Tell me, Brosy, do you think it possible she cares for any one else ?' • 'That is just what I do think possible.' Who is the lucky fellow ?' ' There was a young fellow, a shipmate of ours, named Donald Preston. We all knew that they were good friends, in taet great chums.' ' And you think Florrie loves him ?' ' It may be so. They write to each other, I believe.' ' How old is he ?' ' About twenty.' ' I envy him.' ' Do not despair, Charley. You have only known her a few weeks, you know, Mid girls are sometimes fickle.' ' I do not tbink Florrie is one of that sort* Tell me, do jou think it would be any good to tell her 1 had his father's and mother's consent ?' 'Couldn't say, Charley. In matters of love I'm no judge. But should say there would be no harm in doing so.' ' I pretty nearly made up my mind last night not to come to your house again, for a long while, but 1 guess I shall not be able to keep away, unless badly repulsed again.' Charley Ward did not oome over that evening, and from a word that Brosy dropped to his mother, that good woman concluded that Mies Florrie had given Ward no encouragement to go on with his suit; and, mother-like, she had a talk with Florrie on the subject. ' Florrie, do you not like Mr. Ward?' ' Yes, I like him very well, mother..' ' As a friend f ' Yes, only as a friend;,' ' He seems to be thoroughly respectable, steady young man, with fair prospects; don't you think you could like him better than as a friend ?' ' No, mother, I do not think I could.' ' You are thinking of Don.* ' Can you blame me for that, mother ?' ' Don is only a lad, and has his way to make in the world. It may be years before He can offer you a home.' 'And I am content to wait those years, mother.' * He may forget you, child. However, we are in no hurry to lose our daughter, so please yourself, Florrie.' And Florrie went to her room, and from a seoret recess drew out a letter. ' Remember, Florrie, I will never forget you - ' Why was it she had no reply to her letter dispatched a month ago P Was Don forgetting her so soon ? Was he learning to like somebody else better than her! Surely he had plenty of time and could write often. Thus the girl thought and puzzled, always with a growing uneasiness and apprehension. ' Dear Don,' were the words which rose to her lips twenty times a d&y.; She believed in him, believed that he loved her a.a she loved him, though no direct expression of love had ever crossed his lips. Then where had she learnt it ? Had she not read it in his brown eyes, and in the touch of hia hand ?• Poor Don, he had been too modest to disclose his love, bsoause he thought it premature to speak, but he fancied that she understood; and so it was thet an undeclared love, grew day by day, and enabled Florrie Campbell to put aside another eligible love, beoause her young virgin heart was given to this ltd, the lonely fellow who said so little and looked so "much. An air of distraction began to be noticed about Florrie. ' What's the matter with you, Florrie?' asked her sister Mary one day. ' You lock as though you were troubled.' ' I am, but I do not want you to be troubled too, Mary.' «Am I not your second self, Flo ? You must tell me what troubles you.' ' Don will not write.' * Only tLat. You never told mo that you .were really in love with Don.' ' I do not think I could ever love any one else, even if he forgot me.' ' Oh! yes, you would. I am sure Mr. Ward admires you. Pehaps he will propose. He is a man, Dou is only.a boy yet.' 'I don't want to marry Mr. Ward, and have told him so; at least I have told him I had no idea of marriage. Now why does not he fall in love with you ?' ' Poor me, I shall never have a chance with you in a love contest, Flo, but I do no} mind th«t or envy you, you dear love. Why don't, you write again to Don ? Something may have happened him.' ' Yes, I will write again to-night. I have been fooliih to delay so long.* • What is that exciting news Geordie has brought from, the post ?' ' Let ns go and hear,' said Mary. ' What is the matter, father !' ' ' The Auckland papers are full of an account of the shooting of Major Von fempsky and a number of his men. They were suddenly taken by surprise, and fired on without the least warning ; the rebels having posted themselves in branches of the trees overhanging the path along which the Major and his men were expected. The slaughter wi^s' very one-sided. The successful strategy on the part of the Maori* had emboldened them, and it was feared that other serious attaoks on the outlying settlers of the Waikato districts would be made, as a call to arms had been issued to every important tribe, so that the whole cf the Pahebas might be driven into the sea. ' This is very bad news,' remarked Mrs. Campbell, but we are a long way from tbe Wsikato, are WB not?" 'Not far enough to prevent the Maoris (retting word to carry on the war against us,' answered tbe ever-croaking Geordie, who had lately been endeavouring to incite Mr. Campbell, to make ready a petition to the Provincial Government to get a redoubt built there similar to the one at Ho wick, and to have a voluateer corps formed, as well as some mounted- troopers appointed to that district. To these words of warning Mr. Campbell either turned a deaf ear, or laughed them off with an observation that he did not think that the natives around there were badly inclined, especially since he had the pleasure of malting the acquaintance of Long George. • Long George rules over a divided house,' was the man's reply. ' He be all right, and about 'alf his tribe; but as fer the others they would be glad to eat us without salt,' ' I think you are prejudiced, Geordie,' said Brosy, who had just come in and was handed the paper containing the exciting news of the latest outbreak of hostilities. • Taint no prejudice, Mr. Ambrose ; it be conviction !' 'Well, Geordie,' said Mr. Campbell, 'I followed your advice to the extent of getting down from Auckland two new rifles; they came this morning.' Then turning to his son, ' Is Charley coming over this evening ?' ' I think not.' • Then tell him I would like him to join us to-morrow afternoon at rifle practice.' (The next day was Saturday.) CHAPTER VII. THE NIGKJBE'S HEAD. ',1 hear you are' a otack shot, Charley,' said Mr. Campbell, the next afternoon when the two Campbells, Ward and Geordie met at an improvised range, for a little rifle practice. ' Not particularly good, but I can hit a haystack if it is not too far off!' ' What do you think of our improvised range, 100 and 200 yards?' ' It is pretty fair. I don't admire the artist who drew the Maori phiz on the tree.' ' What is upon the tree ?' asked Mr. Campbell. * I have not been at the target.' Geordie and a youth had that morning been sent up to partially bark a tree, standing against rising ground, so as to act as a target, and upon this, for a bull's eye, the youth had roughly sketched a Maori's head, with the most grotesque tatoo lines, which n t t m was daubed so as to answer for the bull's eye, and it was black and ugly enough to stand for sin. Mr. Campbell then made it his business to go and inspect the tree, and reproved Geordie for allowing the youth to draw such a satire upon the Maoris, more especially as they were to fire upon it. ' That sort of thing would greatly incense the Maoris if they saw it,' said Charley. 'I will have it rubbed on*-,' sa0 Mr. Campbell- ' Between two belligerent nations that would be enough to cause an outbreak of hostilities.' ' Yes,' replied Ward, I believe trifles, light as that, have caused much bloodshed before now.' • You have first bang, father,' said Ambrose, when they were ready for firing. Geordie was posted behind a tree and was to act as marksman. He indicated that the bullet had struck the edge of the tree 18 inches from the bull's eye. ' Now, Brosy, see what you can do ?' Brosy considered he was by this time get- I ting Lis hand in with the gun, but he also went wide, and high, though still hitting the tree. ' What's the matter ?' said Charley. . • At 100 yards we ought to craok that Maori's skull everj time.' Then Charley took aim, and bit the ugly nigger-head fair in the left eye—' knocking out his eye,' as Geordie cried out, with much satisfaction, though really giving him a leaden optic in the hard wood of the rata. ' That's better,' said Campbell. ' Now let me try again-' • Allow something for the side wind which is blowing,' remarked Charley. When this suggestion was adopted they all made good scoring. Ward carried off the honors, with 7 .bulls' eyes out of a dozen shots. Bro^yi came next with 5, and Campbell made two at each range. • • - • I would not care to be the target irb'ere' you are concerned, Charley,' remarked Mr. Campbell. • I hope we shall have no occasion to fire at living targets,' replied Ward. • What do you tbink of the shooting of Von Tempsky and his men ?' ' The Major was one of the best and most courageous officers ever sent against the Maoris. But he was outwitted in the ambush. What affeots us more particularly is that a rumour ia going round to the effect ! that some of the ' Wairoa natives want to join the rebels.' Geordie Game up at this moment and congratulated Ward on his straight shooting. ' You fairly riddled that nigger's head.' ' Go and cut off every sign of it,' said Mr. Campbell, and do not allow any more sketching of the kind to appear.' ' Let us have a weekly practice,' said Mr. Campbell, as they left for home. When they came to a turn in the ri>ad where they would separate, Charley was wishing the Campbells aood evening, when Mr. Campbell said, ' You had better come and take tea with us this evening, Charley.* ' Ward hesitated. Ambrose added his word to that of his father's, and Charley fell in with the proposal. He had not seea Florrie since the evening of his rejection. .When they were approaching the farm house little Jack met them in some excitement, saying that they were all crying in the house because Don Preston was drowned. 'What news is this Jack is telling us ?* Mr. Campbell asked of his wife. ' Here is the Auckland HEBALD, with a dreadful account of what has happened to poor Don and his cousin Marsden. N*w we know why he has not written.' Then Campbell read out to the others an account of how two young men, Ralph Marsden and Donald Preston had gone out for a day'a fishing in the Kaipara Harbor, and hud not been heard of since (and that was a week previous). That a search of every pirt of the extensive harbor had been made, and not a sign of the young men, or the boat, had been obtained, and it was feared that they had been blown out of the heads, or been drifted out by the current, in which case, it seemed almost inevitable, that the unfortunate young fellows had met a disastrous fate. • Poor Don,' exclaimed Ambrose. ' To meet his fate so soon.' ' Where is Florrie ?' asked her father. ' She has gone to her room.' ' She is crying her eyes out,' said Mary, who was also in tears, for they had all been fond of Don Preston. There was one of the party—and only one —to whom the news w«s not bad Lews. If love is blind it is also sometimes selfish. Here was a clearing of his path, a removal of a rival which Charley Ward could not regard other than as most fortunate. Surely, now, Florrie Campbell might love him, and ot. say ' it is impossible.' Not that evening, of course, would he ask see the girl he loved ; but he would certainly renew his suit, for so young a woman would not long remain wedded to a mere Ail the family were discussing the pros and cons of the case, and seemed to agree with the report that it was all over with their old shipmate and his cousin. ' They did not know the harbor, I suppose,' said Mrs. Campbell, who had been really very fond of the lad.' • Preston, of course, would know nothing about it," said her husband,' but Marsden ought to have known better.' Then they mourned Don as dead; and every good feature in his character seemed magnified, until he appeared as one without blemish and without spot; this n a fashion we all have regarding ene who is respected and liked, and who is suddenly called away. • What a blow for his poor mother,* said Mrs. Campbell, wiping her eyes. ' It may not be as bad as you fear,' said Ward, who alone had a misgiving that his young rival might turn up again. ' Oh, I'm afraid there is not the slightest hope foi them, and Rilpb Marsden was an only son. How terrible.' Mary went directly to her sifter. ' Florrie, Mr. Ward is here, will you oome out P' ' No, indeed I will not. It is very rude of him to want to see me now, I hate him, and you can tell him so.' (To BB CONTDHTBD.) 