R FastfM minutes! It doesn't, perhaps, say much for my taste that nothing in Shakespeare tickles me more than the bewilderment of Stephans over the four legs and two voices under Caliban's gaberdine. "If thou beest Trineulo come forth. I'll pull thee by the lesser legs; if any be Trinculo's, these are they." Once again I laughed out so suddenly at my mind's picture of the scene that the well-worn little volume slipped from my hand,. and fell. And then, turning in the hammock to reach down for it, I stopped short, and the smile died off my face—for I found myself looking at Caliban ! That, at all events, was the impression during the moment required by the mind to flash back from the imaginary to the real. Peering at me round the door-post of the hut, not twenty feet away, with little, bright malevolent eyes, set close together, almost immediately under a stubble of rusty-colored hair. A lead-colored skin, an almost entire lack of nose, and a huge lipless mouth, gashing straight across a repulsively bulged-out lower-face— made up a countenance that held me motionless with horrified astonishment, until, as the goblin visage withdrew into the darkness of the hut again—I knew ! Knew, and rejoiced, and braced-up for action ; for here was a chance in ten thousand. Fortunately for my purpose, the hut, besides the usual mat-portiere, had a proper door—a substantial ironwood affair, which Lendram had amused himself by making; much to the ridicule of Brock. Brock was the dare-devil of our' party—verbally, at all events—and he asked Lendram what he was afraid of. Did he-think the Dyak girls down river were so smitten with his pretty white teeth and long brown hair that they were likely to abduct him in the night. And Lendram, who certainly did wear his hair absurdly long, and was a bit moony and lackadaisical generally, answered that everything had its uses, even Brock ! and that the door would come in handy someday. And now it did " come in handy," as I slipped gently out of the hammock, glided over like a ghost, and, with a sudden dash, drew the door, quickly shut and fastened it with the hasp outside. A strange coughing-grunt, as from a colossal pig with bronchitis, acknowledged the attention ; then away I hurried to find the others. Brock—he was pegging out skins down by the creek —didn't even turn his head when I burst out that I'd got a mias shut up in the hut. " Rot! " he said, " You may have boxed-up one of these chaps," touching a monkey skin with his foot, " but who ever heard of a mias coming near a house in daylight, let alone going into one ! " Lendram, with a string of fish, came through the oleanders in time to hear the last words. " I have," he said, " Happened more than once." " What of it?" "Caught one in the hut just now," I said, " and slammed the door on him—your door ! " Down went Lendram's "catch" on the instant. "Come on," he said, "he'll be through the roof if we're not smart." I hadn't thought of that. The strong bamboo of the walls would hold him all right, but the nipa- thatch would be no more than paper to him. He apparently hadn't tried it, however, for we could hear him grunting and snorting inside ; cou d see him even, by peeping through the interstices that admitted to the windowless structure much air and a little light. Then Brock strolled indifferently up, and peeping, was convinced. "It is a mias, sure enough," he said, " and a whopper at that! And it was a piece of your usual darnfoolishness to shut him in. How're you going to let him go again ? He'll come for the man that opens that door !" ' • I don't intend to let him go again, if I can help it," .I said. " I mean to catch him, it I can, and ship him from Brunei to the RZ.S.'s agent in Calcutta. He'll mean a couple of hundred pounds to us, at the very least." Photo, bij Hammer, Adelaide. MR. F. W. A. KLAUER, New Councillor Gawler Ward, -City. Photo, hit FruJiHrif), ' Adelaide. MR. JOS. VARDON, New Councillor Gaioler Ward, City. Brock's smile ha J a divine pity in it. " Not to us," he said, sarcastically—" to you; or to you and Lendram if he's ass enough to help you. You don't catch me fooling round with a gentleman that could spap my hand off like a carrot." I looked at Lendram. " rm on !" he said promptly, and I saw that, for all his girlishness, he was game." Brock was an imposter, and I wasted no more words on him. In fact, he didn't wait for any, for the mias could now be heard tearing away at the inside of the roof. In a few words I gave Lendram my plan, and by the time the prisoner had emerged upon the roof, we were ready for him, each with a running-noose upon a buffalo-hide rope. The idea was to drop these round his neck from opposite sides, haul taut, and strangle him, not outright, but just enough to give one of us a chance to run a log-chain round his body and limbs. We didn't have long to wait. The creature shuffled down to the eave, wrinkled up his hideous face to show us a mouthful of yellow fangs, that made me for the moment think Brock had chosen the wiser course; then, swinging down by his immensely long arms, he dropped lightly to the ground. In an instant Lendram's noose, thrown first, fell accurately over the head, but, being too wide, slipped down as far as the bandy little legs, whereupon—just as my loop,settled round the creature's neck—Lendram promptly jerked his line taut, and flung the mias on his side. With a lightning-like movement, however, he got hold of my rope before I could tighten the noose, and made a savage attempt to bite it through ; but, finding this was not to be done in a moment, tie began to haul on it hand-over-hand, and—spite of my strenuous resistance and the fact that every time he tried to get a purchase with his " legs" Lendram jerked them from under him—he just yanked my 160 lbs or so along as if I'd been an infant The orang-outan is sometimes credited with a mild and inoffensive disposition, but a more ferocious-looking object I never beheld than this huge ape with his black, hideously-contorted face, viciously- gnashing tusks, and glowing little red eyes fixed expectantly upon the man, who was, apparently, being helplessly dragged within reach of those mighty, long-maned arms. And it was, I suppose, a temporary forgetfulness of the fact that I could let go when I chose that made Lendram now suddenly lose his head. At all events, he slacked off his own strain, rushed pluckily to close quarters, and was trying to get a bight of his rope round the creature's body, when the mias, letting go my rope, made a snatch, in darting back from which Lendram fell ; and, though I immediately threw myself back so as to tighten my noose upon the animal's neck, the mias had just time to grasp the prostrate man by the ankle and convey the foot to his snarling mouth. Away—with the sight—went all my hopes of live mias, zoological kudo*, and not undesirable cash ; for, not knowing what part of poor Lendram would be the next tit-bit, I pulled out my Colt and put a " long 380 " into the mias's body—receiving immediately the shock —a suddenly-impressed recognition of kinship—which the actions of a mortally-wounded anthropoid never fail to bring to a highly- organised observer. The creature—exactly as I have seen a bullet-perforated man do—threw its head sharply up, its " arms " downwards and to the rear, and pitched forward to the ground. Lendram's foot had escaped total ruin, because the sole of his heavy boot, coming vertically between the potent jaws, had prevented them from closing upon the extremity. But the injury was, nevertheless, so severe, and my regret at having been the indirect cause thereof so acute, that, when the heroiQ Brock, appearing suddenly from nowhere observed—more majorum—" I told you so !" I jumped up, and after calling him a cur, and several other pretty things, offered him fistic battle then and there. But, considering that I should have been giving away four stone and 15 years, it was perhaps just as well for me that Brock said hurriedly, "Here! let's attend to that foot!" R ALEX. MONTGOMERY. Ethel: " I can't stand that fellow." Tom : "Well, sit on-him then:" 