FENWICK-STREET BAPTIST CEURCK. Sermons of a special character were preached at the Fenwick-street Baptist Church-yesterday by the Rev. TV. -T. Eddy, to mack tho tenth anniversary of his settle ment as pastor of the church. There was a particularly large congregation at tho morn ing service, and the church was also well filled in tho evening. The rev. gentleman preached an effective sermon at the morning service, hasod on tho text " And Elijah re paired tho altar of the Lord that was broken down," I. Kings, chsp. xviii., verse 30. The action alluded to in the text was regarded by the preacher as symbolio of Elijah's whole ministry, and which consisted not in reveal ing new truth, but in reaffirming old truth. This was the work of the Christian minister of to-dav, and Mr Eday showed what an upheaval of religious thought had occurred in tho past quarter of a century, so that a change bad come over the religious world, corresponding with tho change that had come over Israel in Elijah's time. Generally speaking, the people to-day were restless, sceptical, halting between two opinions, and the drift was towards material ism. The existing condition of things was caused by the discovery of science, the speculations of philosophy, the revela tion in archteology, the effect of the evolutionist theory, which tended to produce restlessness of modem times, and indifference respecting tho world of spiritual things, abont which science knew nothing. Hence the need for a minister to bo in touch with the life and thonght of the time, to understand the discussions and movements which agitate the Church,and to he alive to the great social problems of the day. A minister required to he not only spiritual but intellectual, and tho Church must demand both of bim in order to tbe awakening of an indifferent, sceptical age. This great awakening could only issue in God, for there could be no real warfare between science and religion. Tbe God of nature is the God of Revelation, and the God of Genesis tho God of theology. As the sun rises the ousts rise too, but presently the sun rises higher and the mists are dispelled, so was it with the fogs of unbelief, which now hovered aronnd them. A little second-hand knowledge was the chief cause of unbelief, which wonld be dispelled by shedding abroad all possible light. He, for one, was prepared to believe that, as whea at Pentecost, before the Holy Ghost fell, and men spake the truth of God with other tongues as tho spirit, gava them utterance, so by means of the remarkable quickening of religions thonght in these latter days men shall be able to re affirm tho old trntbs—truths of God with new power and^effect. 'The preacher then referred to a few of these truths. It was the disposition of man to take nothing for granted, and the work of tho Christian minister to-day was to repair the altar of the Lord, which modem criticism had thrown down. As to the truths thai needed reaffirming, they Wore classified as under hy Mr Eddy—1. The sovereignty of God. God is greater thau his creation, 2. The unique ness of Christ—man and God—not merely a teacher of tnen, bat n Saviour and the only one, 3. The authority of the scriptures. 4. Tho fact of sin. Man is not only weak but lost, not merely foolish but guilty. Mr Gladstone had lately declared that tbe sense Df sin was the great want of tho present day. 5\. The facts of reward and retribution, and tbe comparative silence of .the pnlpit on tbe latter must be broken. 6. The need, of tbe Holy Spirit to convince men of sin. 7. Tbe obligation upon Christians to be real. He lonclnded by saying that with these convic tions he would begin another year's ministry rmongst them. In tho evening, Mr Eddy rave an exposition of the vision of John of the Latnb in Heaven, the text being And [ beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne tnd of the four living creatures, and in the J nidst of tho elders, stood a lamb as it had >ccn slain," Revelations, chap, v, verse 6. 