THE STRENGTH OF TWO. By ESME STUART. Author of "Kestrel of Greystone/ 1 '"Muriel's Marriage," "A Mine of Wealth.'"' &c.; CHAPTER IX.—THE GAPING GULLY. On the same afternoon the fine weather again "disappeared as if by magic. The "wind blew and shrieked as if it were wild furies seeking for lost souls. The great belt of trees that hid Normandyke from the rare passers-by was swayed by the sudden tempest of wind, and among the pines the eosmd was as if the billows of an angry ssa were breaking upon an angry shore. Hie master of Normandyke was standing by the library fire. His brows were knit, and he was in deep thought. Presently he sboated "Nichols,*" and the dwarf appeared, looking unusually surly. "Come here, Kick- You have a clever heacL and I want your advice. Yon were my father's friend more than his servant, and you've seen fine doings in your day." The dwarf looked sullen enough now. Bis mind misgave him about the young master. Ivor was not at all like his father, though he had the Draytons' fearless courage. The dwarf, however, was not by any means sure of being able to keep the present Squire in proper subjection. There were signs of his going his own way, though Niehols meant if possible, to make Vivm walk in the old ways of his forefathers, or this was what Ivor imagined to account for NichoJ's strange wajrs. "I've seen days that won't come back," Che dwarf answered, eufieuly. "Hang it! of course they won't. But I want you to tell me what was done in the house when my mother was married. Gome, Nichols, you remember those days, though for years my father has taken no interest in anything but " Ivor paused —already the ways of his ancestors appeared less right to him^than they had a month ago. "It was good enough," snarled Nichols. "What did for the old Squire might do wefl enough for you, Master Ivor." "So it would for me; but that's the point, Nichols—it's not for me. I remember my mother well enough though I was but a little chap of seven when she -died. She wasn't very happy here, Nick, was ehe?" "It's "not u woman's business to tiaiak of happiness," answered Nichols, still sullenly. "A woman spoils everything she meddles with. J! know it's-a. woman you're driving at." "The handsomest woman -in the county, on that I'll take my oath." "That old fool's daughter. She isn't -at all the sort like your mother. Sir Ivor," said Nichols, trying to recall Ivor to a sense of his foolishness. "My mother was my mother; but look here, Nick, don't the women -want pretty things about them? I've been all over the house this afternoon, and it seemed to me to want a great deal doing to it 1 shouldn't like her to compare Normandyke to a pigsty/' "Time enough to alter the house, sr. when she comes. I'm not a fool, and I tell you she won't come here—that is, uofc of her own free will.'"' , "Not come here willingly, Nick! Isnt this the snuggest house in all the county, and hasn't my father left me everything he had? Ah, even left me cunning old Nick to take care of, or 'pon my soul I don't know that I should have undertaken that responsibility." (Sir Ivor laughed.) "So you don't think the princess will like Normandyke? Well, she's on the way to it already, so there you're wrong. She's mine. I've bought her." The dwarf laughed uproariously at Ivor's last words., "Bought a woman, Sir Ivor! Then you need make no preparation for her coming here; women are kittle cattle. A pcwd thing, too, for we won't have any of that rabblemeht here." The dwarf spoke with authority, and Ivor frowned. "It's all fair, I tell you. That old spendthrift lost a hundred pounds at cards, and when it was gone he did seem to be awfully down in the mouth, so I made him a fair offer. 'Your hundred against your daughter, Mr. Lydeard, and if I lose 111 pay double,' I said. 'Done,' says he. So vou see that with his consent I'm all right. Whv, the girl hasn't a penny to bless herself'with. Her father has spent every farthing of his capital; and look here, Nick, I f m not vain, but name the girl that would refuse to be mistress of Normandyke." "She will," growled the dwarf, "and a good thing, too. ' When women once put their foot in a house peace flies away. I wouldn't have let them inside the other night if I had had my will." " Sir Ivor knit his brows again. If Nichols set his face against his taking a wife, why, he knew that the thing would not be easy to carry outi; but about that he cared very little; he was master now. "Anyhow, she's coming, Nick. He first step is taken; I've let the Flatts to Mr. Lyaeard." Nichols only laughed at this announcement. "Well, they'll be. near neighbours, sir; and, after all, if a woman says 'Nay,' there's more ways than one of making her say 'Yea. 5 Your mother wasn't given a long choice, I .can tell you; but the old , Squire was a man—his. eon isn't like him." "Do you want to insult me, Nichols?" Sir Ivor stretched himself to his full height, looking so tall and strong that it seemed as if one squeese of his hand would kill the dwarf outright. "I don't 1 want to insult any one, Sir Ivor, but your father didn't make such a bother about a wife. One day, when he was riding, he saw a little, white, timid girl walking across the moors, so hestopped ana asked her name, and where she lived.- She had been visiting a sick peasant. The next day he rode oS to her father's house, and, be sure he dit-n't ask for the father nor the mother, but he just said— " -I -want to see the girl with the-white face.* "She came blushing red enough then, as be told me, and he just said—liook here, lass, is it 'Yea' or 'Nay?' She pretended not to know the meaning, so the Squire added, 'Mary, will you be my wife or won't you? 1 She had a dull home, and she wanted change, so she said, 'Yes, if father will let me.' 'Fudge,' said fee Squire, and rode off. Well—well, Sir Ivor; it wasn't the girl he wanted—it was a son, and' he wasn't one to be led by apron strings." "But some say that she died of a broken -heart. The woman who comes here shall be a real mistress, Nichols. But, by Jove! I wish I knew more about women folks' likes and dislikes. This one is as proud as But when she comes here " "She won't? come, Sir Ivor; make your mind easy^ on that score."' "She shall come. And, look here, Nick, "you must help me, for you know a lot of things," and Sir Ivor hummed the old words— The king himself must yield to me, He's no such length of pedigree. "There's one piece of advice I'll give vou, blaster Ivor. Go and talk to old Deb. If she takes your side—she may help you." "Old Deb! So I will. She'll understand a girl, and she'll tell me how she is to be courted." •'•'Courted! Not worth the trouble. Sir Iyor. Trust me, aqd I'll bring the beauty here. Not that I want her. And once in the house, why " Ivor shook his head. "You haven't seen her by daylight, Nichols. The other day she made me feel like a fool when I tried to brave it, just because she lifted her- head aud looked at me with her flashing eyes." "Well, she wouldn't look at me anyways without a scowl. Try your way first, Sir Ivor, and then give me leave to try mine. You can lay a wager on the winner." "That's a bargain, Nichols. But now just hunt about and find a -woman to tidy up the place a bit. It somehow wants a bit more of a,clean-up than Bob gives it." /•'It's well enough, Sir Ivor; a woman's no good. Haven't the Draytons had enough of women with Helen the Curse?" "You remember my grandparents, Nick; tell me, was she as beautiful as—as Miss Lydeard?" "Don't ask me, Sir Ivor. I was only a lad when ehe was young, and even now one woman's like another to me. I see no difference in 'em. Put them out of your head, sir—why, the winds are howling fit to blow the place about our ears. It's a bad sign—a bad sign." The dwarf shook his big head from side to side. Sir Ivor laughed too, and stooped down till he was on a level with the dwarf. "You're an awfully clever fellow, Nick, but you believe in signs! I love the wind and the wild weather—it's like music to me, it's part of our inheritance. But don't you be turning your hatred towards the princess, for whether you like it or not. she'll come here. She's within a inile of the place now. It's almost as if she were here already." "Whether you wish it or not," responded tlie dwarf; "she won't co.me here unless I bring her." lie growled like an angry dog, and shunted off swearing under his breath. "I knew there was illluck following them tlie night they crossed the threshold I knew it! Master Ivor's got his head turned, and he's not to be trusted. He wants .to go his way, but he slian t. Hell sing another for" Ivor himself, he strode through flie hall and went out in the grey light of the winter's afternoon, and turned Iiis i face towards the wild moors, lie wanted j to get rid of the ;strange new feeling that had taken possession of liim, for he did not understand it. Brought up to be a huntsman and a gambler, he had never thought deeply on any of the questions of life. He had loved his mother, and that early affection had saved him from many coarse sins, but that love was now but a dim vision—a faint halo of beauty, fading and almost transparent; but suddenly, without his seeking it or his wishing for it, a woman's face had maddened his brain. He could not. understand whether, it was a mere passing fancy or' something which would never leave him. His thoughts, however, were all centred on its effect on himself. He congratulated himself on having done a clever piece of work by securing Joy's father. The possession of her would soon follow. He now began to climb higher and higher on the moors, till he reached a wonderful cleft among the rocks looking like some natural portcullis belonging to a Roman castle. Passing through this, he next climbed up a narrow, rocky pass, at the end of which was an old broken gate. At the gate he paused to take breath. The great rocks had till now sheltered him from the wind, but a wide expanse of moor succeeded. He turned a sharp angle, and no one but a native could have taken exactly the right angle which led to Ivor's destination. The ground was wet and sodden under his tread, but this he did not notice as he walked straight to his object. At last he came suddenly, as it seemed (for until the traveller was within a few feet of it nothing was to be seen), upon a large and partly circular kind of amphitheatre sunk in the ground. One side was extremely Aeep, and ou the opposite side a tumbling stream came falling over the edge and fell with a roar into the abyss. This abyss, the sight of which made a stranger giddy, was narrowed into a kind of well, the depth of which no man had fathomed. The stream, which here buried itself, was like a dying soul, and at this place passed out from the fair world into unknown darkness. The local name for this, strange phenomenon was "the Gaping Gully." There was, besides this one, several others to be found in this limestone region, where rocks and water combine to form underground caves, as well as caves high up on the face of the steep rocks, and where water scoops out for itself deep rocky passages, begun to be hollowed when fast the world was young. But apart from its natural wonder, this special Gaping Gully a local reputation which no man living within a certain radius would have dared to ridieale. If a human being walked there alone and unattended by any one, and if such a one could happen to be the solitary visitor, and if, besides this, he could pick up a perfectly round, smooth, puce, white stone, and at the first aim could reach the centre of the well, so that the stone was at once taken down into the fathomless depth, then that man or woman's dearest wish would be granted and his happiness insured. But solitude was an essential factor for the fulfilment of the wish- Sir Ivor reached the Gaping Gully just as the sun set along the line of the western hills. Below the grey clouds a loBg streak of red lighted up the hills, and the wind appeared for a moment to sweep away the heavy clouds. Without -wasting time, Ivor searched diligently for the white stone, and suddenly, by a happy chance, he found one. He snatched it up, rubbed it still whiter, and then stood on the edge of the awe-inspiring amphitheatre. Many a mysteriousdeath had 6een attributed to the evil genius of this place, but without any spiritual interference, a stranger walking across this moor, even in semidarkness, could; easily slip over the edge aud be at once hurled to his death, almost before he -would be aware of hi6 danger. Standing there at the edge of the chasm Ivor himself looked like some ancient Viking. Suddenly he raised his right arm ready to hurl the white stone across the abyss. "Here's for the luck," he cried aloud, belying his statemeut that he was not superstitious. "This day month I wish to be my wedding-day." He flung the big white stone with sure, unerring aim. It seemed to shoot up into the grey sky, then for an infinitesimal portion of time it quivered in the ether, turned, and fell dead, down straight into the very centre of tlie boiling stream. The aim was true, true to the very eentre," he cried; but at that moment a mocking laugh made him turn round, furious at the interruption. It was the dwarf. "It was not your fault, Sir Ivor, not your fault; but I came to have my wish granted too, and you have spoilt my chance as well as your own." "What do you mean by dogging my steps?" cried Ivor angrily, turning on to the dwarf as if he would like to send him after the pebble; but the nest instant he thought better of bis sudden wrath. "You are too small a thing to fight with, Nick—too small. But if you had been my equal, ah! then " "Man's made up of mind and bodv. Sir Ivor. . Some have one, and some have the other; but every one can wish their wishes 1 —rich or poor, crooked or straight." Nichols's words were humble, but the expression of his face was evil. "The signs are nothing," said Ivor, laughing now. "Come, Nichols, youH be lost on the moor in the darkness, and the fairies won't bring you home." The old Squire never kept his secrets from me," muttered the dwarf. "It's only when a woman comes between men folk that there comes ill-feeling." Ivor turned slowly towards home, and the dwarf followed him. He might call himself a servant; but even Ivor knew that this deformed creature was not merely a servant, and that some mystery was connected with the fellow, who had been the friend and chosen companion of his father. For the first tame in his life Ivor experienced a strange dislike towards the man; and >£ he could have felt any fear • he would have been conscious of this feeling as the two trudged on together through the swamp till they reached the rocky passage. Then Ivor spoke first. "Look here, Nichols,, I tell you honestly I have never before had the feeling I have about this girl. In a month ther'll be wedding bells at Catlin—my wedding bells I tell you, in spite of your breaking the spell. St. George! won't she look beautiful!" "You're soft enough over her anyhow, jeered the dwarf. They had now reached the great natural portcullis, and Ivor paused. "You can't lose yourself here, Nichols, so I'll leave you to regain your lost temper." Ivor strode off, and was soon lost in the gloom. The dwarf looked after him till he was out of sight, and a look of deadly hatred overspread his features as he shook his clenched fist after the retreating form of his new master. "You make light of me, young master, now; but you'll cry for mercy yet." CHAPTER X.—A HOME AT LAST. "I know the very girl for you, my dear," said Mrs. Leekey, glancing round the pretty parlour at the Flatts. Joy had lighted the fire and had made the room look very comfortable. "She's a London girl as came with her father, who was a clever butler to a gentleman in these parts. He died, did the gentleman, and poor Choate took to drinking, and druuk himself to death, so Cattie Choate is left penniless. She's a good - hearted girl, and sharp as a needle. I've got her myself till 1 heard of something better for her. Betsy and she do slap each other so, I can't keep 'em both." "How kind of you," said Joy, giving Mrs. Leekey a cup of tea. "I mean to work hard myself. I don't mind work, and we are very poor. I want people to know it. Poverty isn't a crime; besides, I never did care about—about being rich." "If you don't mind my saying so, my dear, you're too pretty to be poor, and you could "not do the rough work here.„lt's not fit for you, that it isn't." , Joy laughed her littie half - scornful laugh. "There's nothing I haven't) done, Mrs. Leekey, and there's nothing I mind doing, but tlie girl would'be company for me. This is a lonely place, but it is so pretty, and I like the sound of the little stream outside, and oh—it's a home. We have been so long without] one. You don't know what it is to feel there's a place you can call home; and I like this quaint old furniture." Mrs. Leekey nodded her head; then she added— '"So your good father isn't in? I came to see how he was getting on; but there— it's best! to help folks by deeds, not words, so I'll go home and send Cattie at once. One good thing is, she won't be afraid of ghosts. A girl of these parts wouldn't live here to save her life. There's no such things as ghosts — you've not heard it. i have you, iny dear? — though 1 have known those as have." Mrs. Leekey looked hurriedly over her shoulder at the dark corner behind her. ,loy smiled. "Oh, I'm not afraid." She stood up, and Mrs. Leekey looked at her beautiful face, and then shook her head—meditatively. •Toy's large eyes had in them an expression of softness as well as of defiance. These two expressions succeeded each other often very quickly. The mobile lips followed the dictates of the eyes, so that no one would look at Joy's smile and believe that, she could do anything mean or dishonourable. On the other hand, one q c tl a b n a YaavdTwf t symvc D spwwa s Itnwa ' Iepba g dwaah t tLmqnha h cthtbJr l H i w W I crmhl not. say what she might do herself if suddenly roused by indignation or passionate scorn of some mean action in another which displeased her. But greater than passion was an expression of infinite tenderness which, like* a fleeting gleam of sunshine, sometimes passed over her whole countenance. Mrs. Leekey seldom stepped beyond the gate of the Lapwing; but her motherly heart had gone out towards this girl who looked such a great lady, and who yet seemed to have no wish beyond that of making her father comfortable. "Do you think I have made this room look cosy for my father?" she now asked of the landlady, with one of her rare smiles. "They say a woman can do so much in a room to keep the menkind happy. You said so yourself, Mrs. Leekey, and I do want him to feel comfortable. See—this great armchair is so delightful when drawn up near the open grate; I found some great logs out in the outhouse. It seems so strange coming into a place all. ready for one. It only wanted a woman's hand to make it perfect." " And to think it saw so much contrariness, my dear, when a woman was here. But it was her fault, of course. The men are always good if you take "em by the right side. It's no use handling a red-hot poker bv the wrong end. You burn yourself, and mav break it off sharp; but just handle it on'its cold side, and you can do anything you like with it 1 . Why, if you plunge it into cold water it'll only hiss and does no one any harm, and soon it gets off the boil. Well, good afternoon, my dear; and I'll send Cattie along right away, and she'll work her fingers to the bone for a real lady like you. Cattie knows the quality when she sees it. Bless me, she's sharp as a needle. A real Londoner she is. Their wits grows different Aor other folks, that they do." Jov laughed. "I'll try and make her happy, anyhow. We can't "give her high wages, but she shall not be unhappy if 1 can help it." When Mrs. Leekey was gone, Joy once more busied herself in putting finishing touches to the house. Her father had gone out, and had not yet returned- but he had promised not to be late, and Joy had been glad of his absence, so as to get everything in ship-shape order. Ben had brought the luggage from the Lapwing, and had given a helping hand with fires. Joy felt as proud of her new home as if she had become the mistress of a palace. In less time than she could have thought it possible, Joy, happening to look out of the window, saw a girl of about sixteen walking briskly up ihe path by the river. It was now getting dusk, aud Joy was giad enough to feel that a human being was coming to keep her company, even if she were but a maid-of-allwork. Cattie Choate carried a little bundle in her hand, and when she presented herself at the door and gave a searching glance at Joy, her intelligent face beamed visibly. '"Lor', I'm the new girl for you. I didn't see you at the Lapwing, though Betsy said you were fine as figs. At least she didn't say that, but something in her. queer talk that meant it. Betsy's a silly." Neither humility nor shyness had ever formed part of Cattie Choate's character. tJby laughed as she looked at the upturned face with its snub nose, large mouth, carroty hair, aud determined chin. "Will you come and help me, Cattie? I wanted to do all the Work myself, because we are poor, but I can't quite manage it." "You do all the work! Lor! you ought to go under a glass ease, like Madame Tussaud's waxworks, miss," she said. "I'll run round for you, never fear. As to wages, why, when I did 'ave 'em. father always drank 'em down pretty quick. If you'll give me . an old dress or two, I'll run the ship." "Oh, Cattie," exclaimed Joy, laughing. "You wouldn't like my old things. I'll give you honest wages for honest work, and you'll be a companion to me." Cattie's ferret-like eyes twinkled with pleasure. If she would have been awed by any one or any thing, Joy, standing there so tall, and simple, and beautiful, would have inspired her. with wholesome fear, but Cattie feared nothing. Like the man in the fairy tale, she could not shiver. Cattie had no bump of veneration, but she had her likes and dislikes strongly developed. '"Why, you are real nice, Miss Joy, and I'd rather not have wages, anyhow till we see if we likes each other. 'Taint every one I'll bide with. Mis. Leekey, she's the right sort: but lor', Betey. was a fool. Couldn't abide her near me." Joy led the way into the kitchen, wondering what her father would think of this strange specimen. As if in answer to her thoughts, Cauie exclaimed— "'Tain't bad this place—pretty, too. What's your pa like, Miss Joy? What a ueer name they give you when you was hristened." "You musn't run on to my father like iatj, Cattie. He is rather particular." Cattie tossed her head. "His words can't bite a bit out of me, nyways. I shan't 'eed him. I'm come to e your help. That's what Fve come for, ot for the men. Mrs. Leekey, she thinks deal of the men; but she's all wrong. ou see, poor tiling, she's lived in this ueer country all her life. Dunno London t all. Lor', we're sharper there. Why, ou do'look tired, Miss Joy. Go and sit own by the fire, and Til settle everything. he old gentlema^, 'spose, '11 want his tea hen he comes in, won't 'e? The men axe or ever wanting something." "But. look here, Cattie," said Joy, puting her hand gently on the girl's houlder, "if you come here to help me, ou know, as well as a kind of friend, you ust keep what you hear and see here to ourself. I must try and make my father omfortable; but I couldn't bear to " "Ob, all right. I see—mum's the word. 'you think any one'll make me say omething when I wouldn't. Lor! hot incers wouldn't. Fire and water ouldn't. If you tell me something you ants done, why you keep your mind easy nd it'll be done." "What a queer girl you are," said Joy, miling. "But it's a bargain between us. 'll trust you, Cattie. Remember, I'll rust you as if you were my sister. I've ever had brother nor sister. When I as young, I thought tiiat I would give nything to have a sister to take care of." * v Lor' now, did you. You 'adn't tried em. Brats is awful, girl brats especially. took care of a family of ten once, and t' ldest was twelve. Took all my time to revent 'em biting each other into little its, that it did. Girls and boys wful." At this moment Joy heard the garden ate shut, and she hurried to the front oor. As she stood there in the porch hilst the winter day ended its life with cold, frosty smile, even her father felt faint pang of regret. His secret hung eavy on his conscience. "Father, you are late! Come in, everyhing is ready. Isn't it beautiful to call his home? 'Come in. That good Mrs. eekev has sent us a London girl to help e. She is a sharp girl," and Joy laughed, uite a new, happy laugh, with no bitteress in it. "Oh! we shall be very happy ere. I have got some tea ready for you, nd your slippers are warming at the fire." Mr. Lydeard was silent as he entered the ouse, and almost shamefaced. Joy was ertainly a wonderful girl. She knew how o make a man comfortable. What a fool e had been to promise her in marriage o Sir Ivor! Why, the bargain had been a ad one altogether. Besides, he must tell oy, and that soon. How would she eceive the news? Well, there was time enough. He must put off the evil day as ong as possible. Sir Ivor might not really mean to keep him to such a bargain. e had been a little excited on that evenng. Besides, there was that Italian Count aiting. Joy could be a Countess any day. hy marry her to a country boor like Sir vor Drayton? No maimers and no polish. It was best, however, to let things take their course, so he came into his new house, and accepted all the good things prepared for him by his daughter. "Eh!- Didn't I tell you, Joy, that this was a first-rate house? So you have got a girl to help you? That's right. Yo-u're not fit to do housework; it's nonsense. Besides, I want so little." •'"Mrs. Leekey has provided us with all the immediate necessaries. I'm going to cook a chicken for dinner. Now, father, you can take your nap whilst I go aid see to anything. Where did you go this afternoon? " "I've been to call on Aunt Deborah to see if she was in a better temper. I told her about the -Flatts, and she was delighted." ' "I am glad of that. I dare say she thinks blood thicker than water. Besides, I don't like the look of Keziah, .do you?" "A regular crab-apple; but they're somewhat of a pair. You're are a good girl, Joy—a good girl. I wish you had been wiser. Well, it is not too late; you must play your cards well. The old lady was immensely pleased about this house." At this moment Cattie Choate entered with tlie tea-tray, which she deposited •with noisy decision on the tea-table. "So you afe the new maid- servant," said Mr. Lydeard, bestowing a cursory glance at Cattie. "No, I'm not, I'm her girl," said Cattie, nodding her head towards Joy. "Oh, you are particular as to titles. Quite right. What's your name?' "You just say Cattie when you wants anything, and I dare say I'll come along, if I'm doing nothing else." "Cattie!" said Joy softly. "Well, I'm your girl. I'm not going to be a man's servant — never could abide '"em." •'What's in a name, Joy? Why, nothing, nothing. I've often told you myself. But this girl thinks otherwise. Well, Cattie, don't let your mistress dirty her hands, I don't lite* to see rough hands." "If a man don't like to see rough hands In the women folk, he'd best rough his oiwn," said Cattie, tossing her head. "Don't be giving me orders — tain't worth the breath that's wanted for 'cm." Strange to say, at this moment, Mr. Lydeard experienced a certain unreasonable fear of Cattie; and when she disappeared, he said, lowering his voir e: — "A very strange sjieeiinnti, .Joy. I suppose she's not come from a lunatic asylum, has she?" . "Oh, she is quite right. Mies goL too much heart, I think. She'll serve any one she likes faithfully." "Too much tongue for mo. It's tlie fault of the best of women. Now. Mrs. Leekey is an excellent woman; but, 'pon my word, what a tongue she has!" "She is a good friend to mo, anyhow," said Joy, piling up a groat log on the firm. "Look, father, isn't this a Hplejidid blaze?"' As she knelt there after putting (.ho log on, the light of the tiro flickered over her hair and on her slender nook, casting the iivm chin into shadow. At this moment a war of words was heard in the p/iHsngo. Joy turned her head to listen. She had not noticed the click of the garden gato. What visitor was coining so Into? Evidently Cattie was dealing with the new-comer in her own peculiar way. She. had he^rd the knock, smd wont, to opon the door, having nlrciuiy looked ivnnd and taken stork of all which (.ho houso contained. She saw before hi>r ftir Ivor Drayton. She had never npoken to him before, but she know him by night. "Oh!" said Ivor, who hrtd oxpeeted Joy to open the door to him, mid wjw» disappointed. "Who arc you?" "I'm her girl," said Cnti.ie, throwing her head over her left shoulder to intimate that Jov was in 4,ho parlour. "".Well, I want to nee her. ) want her to come here." "Why should she?" (aid Catt-ie scornfully. "You can jjo Uj hoi-, can't you? You've got legs, I spose." "You're a queer upeeimeii." "Am I," said Cattie, meditatively. "Aren't so slow as the girls here—that's alL I'm a cockney, that's what 1 am. Got a head on my shoulders." Sir Ivor was not used to girls. Like Mr. Lydeard, he felt as if be was treading near a" strange viper, and that he must take care how he walked. "Don't care where you come from. I want to talk to Miss Lydeard." '"I'll go and see if she wants to talk to you," said Cattie, unabashed. "If she don't, why, you can't, that's/all. She ain't to be trampled on when I'm here. I can tell you." "George and the Dratron!" exc-Iaimed Sir Ivor, bursting out laughing. "Well, then, go and ask Miss Lydeard if I may come in." "That's a. different story," said Cattie. "Step in. and I'll see." 