THE council of the city of Hobart at their meeting on Monday last determined on a course of action which will result probably in much ridicule. At the same time, the ridicule will be utterly senseless, and will certainly not emanate from people having ordinarily well balanced minds, or from parents who are earnestly affected for the welfare of their children of immature years. The council had been considering the question of yonng children infesting the streets of the city at w&afc; are really late hours of the night, and in their wisdom they have resolved that children under 16 years of age should not be permitted to be in the streets after 9 o'clock in summer season, or after 8 o'clock daring the winter months. "Didn't know the time" will not be a sufficient excuse for being at large, for, in order to warn the yonng people, a bell—the curfew bell—is to be rang half an hour before the hours specified. Unfortunately the conncil of Hobart cannot enforce the resolution arrived at until Parliament grants the necessary act giving effect to the views of the connciL We say unfortunately, because it may be that the actual importance of the proposed law may not sufficiently impress the .law makers of Tasmania. The request for a. bill may be refused; if granted, the measure may be shelved, or with ridicule laughed into the waste paper basket. We say that it is unfortunate that tlie Hobart city council are compelled to obtain Parliamentaryauthority for the enforcement of the resolution, not because there may be in Hobart any greater danger to the morals atid interests of young people of tender years than prevails is other places, but because the views of the council are sound when applied to all children of, or about, the ages indicated. As -a precautionary arrangement we trust the Hobart city council's views smay prevail, and that they will inoculate other communities with a eense of responsibility in regard to the young. Of course .if parents did their duty,absolutely there would be no reason for such legislation as Is contemplated, but it is a jjojpijous fact th£t in many instances parents i are only too glad to get iJieir cbildreo oat of the road; and the climatic conditions which prevail "! these colonies are such as to require the very slightest inducement to boys and girls to accommodate their parents in the matter of their wishes in this particular. Home life is not cultivated as it should be, and in too few cases is it to be found that parents attempt to make their home attractive to their sons and daughters. Under no obligation to remain at home the young foil® naturally in fine weather take to the streets, not in the offensive sense of the phrase, bat literally, and evening hours pass away, in most instances wasted. - Being' permitted to ramble the streets uncontrolled is, we are certain, responsible for very much of the vice which disgraces colonial life to-day. Evening life on the pavement, with no sense of restraint, can not but have a deteriorating effect upon young people, and is in many a case the starting point of a career which is downward and ends in in famy. And if it happen that no tangible evil result follows unrestricted and promiscuous street intercourse, the yonng "people who so accustom themselves suffer in reputation. They would probably not believe sucli an assertion, but every person of mature years gifted with ordinary common sense knows that it is true. And even if reputation should not suffer, street life in the evening has the effect of weakening home ties and rendering domestic life distasteful. Then when the young people in the natural order of things become heads of families, there must be expected a long farewell to everything which is good when associated with the word " home." The number of young people who parade the streets at night are evidence in themselves that homes are not as attractive as they ought to be, or that parents are remiss in their duty; and such legislation as the Hobart city council has initiated would be fittingly applied to every colonial city, town, and township. The fornightly meeting of the local branch of tie A.N.A. was held on Tuesday, the president, Dr Ryan, presiding. A syllabus for the nest half-year was drawn up, and accounts amounting to £2 were passed for payment Two nominations for membership were received, Letters were ordered to be sent to Messrs G. Perkin and H. Burton, who have recently lost by death father and mother respectively, expressing the branch's condolence with their bereavement. The card tournament which was arranged with the fire brigade to have taken place, was postponed till the 2Gtb inst. in consequence of the brigade holding their annual social on Tuesday night last. The funeral of the late Miss Ellen Hughes, eldest daughter of Mrs B. Hughes, of the Carlsruhe Hotel and post-office, took place on Tuesday afternoon at the Kyneton cemetery. The deceased lady was as widely respected as known, and no fewer than 58 vehicles and 20 horsemen assembled at her late residence Carlsruhe, from whence they followed the remains to their place of interment The Roman Catholic burial service was very solemnly read at the grave side by the Very Rev. Dean Hegarty. The coffin bearers were Messrs R. Price, J. White, M. Mangin, and J. Yeriker. Mr T. \V. Ross, as usual, satisfactorily carried out the mortuary arrangements. Mr W. H. Davidson, of Coliban Part, Elphinstone, met with a severe accident on Friday last. Mr Davidson was engaged cutting wood with a circular saw when his left hand slipped and came into contact with the teeth of the 1Eaw, which was in motion at the time. The hand was very badly lacerated, Mr Davidson placed himself under the care of Dr AVoolley, of Castlemaine, who found it necessary to amputate the middle finger, No magisterial enquiry was deemed neees sary regarding the death of the old man Joseph Langham Wilson, which occurred on Monday, evidently from natural causes. On the order of J. Menzies, J.P., the deceased was buried yesterday morning. A bolt that might have terminated in a serious accident occurred just after 9 o'clock yesterday morning. A horse and buggy belonging to Mrs Roden was standing in front of Mr W. Pitts' grocery establishment, when it suddenly and unaccountably took fright and started off in the direction of the post-office. Mr J. Mulligan, however, was too quick for it, and, seizing it bv the head, prevented any damage being done. There was no one in the buggy at the time. A painful accident happened to the little three-year-old son of MrN. Palmer, porter, of the Carlsruhe railway station, at 8 o'clock yesterday, morning. The little fellow was playing on the platform and somehow overbalanced and fell on to the rails, which he struck with his head. The result was that the child's right temple was badly cut, but it is satisfactory to learn that the injury is not considered serious. At the conrt of petty sessions on Tuesday morning some amusement was created by one of the drunks, a veiy little fellow, who answered to the name of Daniel Coleman, and who, on being called, Jumped to his place .as though propelled by springs. The .Clerk " How do you plead 1" Prisoner (smiling in every direction; slapping bis hands and winking): " Oh, Jair; -pretty -fair.". -The Clerk: "I didn't ask how you felt; I asked whether you "were -SrSnk." risoner: was;wasdrunkj'T wasTjad; X was tight. 1 The P.M.: "I jthink.you arejdrank now.' Prisoner (excitedly): "They tried to do to me what they did to the greatestman|eyer was in Ireland, Daniel 0'ConndL"-iTbe prisoner evidentlyJ".had 'em bad." He waved his hands about in wild fashion, spun rapidly round like a top; and loudly said something at the rate of about 600 words minute; but slowed dowa at the dose, ren dering intelligible the words " drunk enough tor thirty-men."' The ! PM;': *Se is minded til} tomorrow." i Daniel was at onoe removed "There were men in Kyneton, in every street, who would tell lies to sell anything, and who would, if they could, sell their grandmother's ghost for money."—Rev F. Lynch, at the Temperance Hall,last evening. Accounts are awaiting payment at the Kyneton sub-Treasury for the following :— Borough of Malmsbury, Dr Sleeman, Woodend Ladies' Benevolent Society, C. Reed. Some uncertainty prevails at the Victoria Rifle Association's office as to the day on which the Bisley rifle shooting competitions will open. It is believed that the firing for thekoiapore Cup will start to-day or tomorrow. Cable communication between Cuba and the outside world, via 'Bermuna, which has been interrupted on account of the war for some time, has now been restored. Dr Bevan, the well-known Melbourne Independent minister, has been offered the post of principal of the great Independent College in the city of Brecon, South Wales, England. Dr Bevan has not yet decided whether he will accept the office or not. A youth named Michael Larkin met with a very Berious accident at the Catherine Reef battery, Bendigo, on Tnesday morning. A piece of quartz strnck his left eye, causing-the ball to burst. It is feared that he will lose his sight. He was taken to Melbourne, so that be could be treated at the eye infirmary, It was made clear by the Minister of Health yesterday that he will put a stop to prosecutions for non-compliance with the Vaccination Act for the present. He will consult with his colleagues as to what is best to be done after the recent judgment of the Chief Justice regarding the compulsory vaccination notices, and with a view to having the whole question discussed in Parliament. In response to representations of commercial men as to the inconveniences under which they suffer by the existing system of zone time—9 hours east of Greenwich—the Sonth Australian Government intend to introduce a bill into the Legislature to make the official time of South Australia 9i hours cast of Greenwich. This will make Adelaide half an hour instead of an hour behind Melbourne and Sydney time, but one and a half hour in advance of West Australia. In chambers on Tuesday, after the risin; of the court, Mr Anderson, P.M., dealt with the application of an unmarried woman, named Mary Ann Rutherford, to have two infant children—Sarah and Margaret Rutherford—treated as neglected children. The applicant formerly lived at a hotel Carlsruhe railway station as housekeeper for man named Barker, but is now without settled place of abode or visible means of support Sergeant Beck deposed that the result of his inquiries sustained Mrs Rutherford's representations, and Mr Anderson committed the two little ones to the care of the Department for Neglected Children. On Tuesday at St. Paul's, by the Rev. F. Lynch, Mr George Gillam, late of Black Hill, and now of Derby, was married to Miss Mary J. Hughes, of East Kyneton. The bride, who wore cream-figured lustre, trimmed with chiffon, and the usual veil and orange blossom, was attended by Miss A. Hughes (sister of the bride—cream nun's veiling); and Miss L. Gillam (sister of the bridegroom—grey surge costume); Miss Edna Hughes (sister of the bride—cream hailstone); and Miss L. Brereton (niece of the bride—blue cashmere). The bridegroom was attended by Mr J. A. Thomas and Mr B. Hughes (brother of the bride). The wedding breakfast was served at the residence of the bride's mother. Several toasts were honored, and the young couple received very hearty wishes. The bride's travelling costume was of violet velvet Russian blouse, trimmed with brown fur, cream velvet front, repp skirt and picture hat to match. The 21th of July, 1881, was the date of the establishment of the Kyneton Fire Brigade. Since that time the institution has been continned up to the present with great success, the objects for which the brigade was formed being carried out nobly and well by the officers and members. Every year during the month of July the brigade has held some social function to mark its natal event, and on this occasion the anniversary was celebrated by a social gathering amongst the members and their friends, in the fire station on Tuesday evening. There were nearly 60 ladies and gentlemen present, who, one and all, heartily enjoyed themselves. Dancing was commenced shortly after 8 o'clock and, interspersed with songs, was continued till 11 p.m., when an interval occurred which was filled up by those present partaking of a supply of first-class refreshments, catered by Mr C. W. Murray. The " pleasures of the dance" was continued till2.30 a.m., when the proceedings terminated with the singing of " Auld Lang Syne." The music, which was excellent, was contributed by Mr T. Maxwell and three other young gentlemen, and their services were voluntary. Mr J. Oke acted as M.C. in his nsual capable manner. The Woodend Fire Brigade was represented by Foreman Lee, an enthusiastic brigadier, and he was accompanied by Mrs Lee and a lady friend. During the proceedings "Prosperity to the Woodend Fire Brigade" was proposed by Captain Harper, and Mr Lee responded. The pleasure of the evening was very much enhanced by the contributions of the ladies and gentlemen whose songs, recitations, &c.;, were very much appreciated. \- - Some idea can be formed of factory work and wages in Melbourne from a return supplied by the chief inspector of factories, Mr Ord. The document gave the number of persons employed in furniture factories in Melbonmjeiu1896,1897, and 1898, and the average 'wages paid to male workers therein.' In 1896 there were 1,117 persons employed, made up of 581 European males, 89 European females, and ill Chinese males. In 1897 the number was 1,561, comprising 9S0 European males, 101 European females, and 183 Chinese males. In 1898 (on June 30), the total was 1,214, including 803 European males, 71 European females, and 368 Chinese males. The statement of average weekly wages, compiled from the "Record of work" supplied by European manufacturers, showed tbat in 1896, of 171 males aged 16 and over, the average wage was £1 lis Id; and of 500 males -of all ages £1 9s 7d; in;1897, of 111 males over 16 years of age the wage was 9s 5d, ol 195 males over 16 years of age it was £2 2s 7d, and of 627 males of ^11 ages it was £115s8d per week. Theinformation for 1898 is not yet available, whilst no teliable figures can be obtained as to the wages in Chinese factories in 1896 and 1897. .The third term at the -Kyneton Grammar School commences on the 26tii inst - French class taught by lldlle. Thiboaville,, 