A Famous old Family A very pretty little village in Clydesdale, situated on South Creek, four or five miles out of Windsor, and reached in about 20 minutes from Riverstone station, on the Windsor and Richmond line. The seat of the Hassall family for many years was at Berkshire Park, on the Windsor side of South Creek, and there Rowland, Jonathan, and Charles of that name were, reared, if not born. It is worthy of note that many of our well-known pastoralists were born on, or near the Hawkesbury : the Hassalls, the Rouses, the Fitzgeralds, the Richardses, the Bowmans, the Coxes-all known in the north west as sheep- breeders and graziers. The home of the Hassalls at the Berkshire Park was known as ' Jerusalem;' across the road is 'Jericho,' formerly owned by Mr. George Rouse, of Biraganbil, but latterly by Mr. John Bowlin, who married a Miss Hassall. Mr. Bowlin's father was for many years Mr. Rouse's overseer, and eventually became owner of the property left to him, I believe, by his old employer. There was also another marriage between the Hassalls and Bowlins, Jonathan Hassall, I think, having married a Miss Bowlin. Young 'Jack' Bowlin' - crick- eter and sportsman . . carried matters fur- ther by marrying, as I have said, the re maining Miss Hassall, who was considered ' worth a plum.' ' Jack,' in his youthful days was for a time at Guntawang (Mr. Richard Rouse's) as storekeeper, having served his time with Robert Dick, of Windsor. "Jack' didn't live long after his father, however, and now 'Jericho' belongs, I conclude, to his widow the one time heiress of 'Jerusalem.' Old Mrs Hassall was a grand old lady, I remember her well, and she ruled 'Jerusalem ' for many a year with a pretty firm hand. She had learned experience in her hus- band's time, when convict servants were the order of the day, and there are many evidences of their handiwork at 'Jerus- alem ' to this day, to say nothing of some very ' tall ' stories, which may, or may not, be legendary. At any rate sitting round the big hall fire at ' Jerusalem,' I have heard not a few bloodcurdling stories concerning convicts being locked in a cellar--said cellar is now in good condi- tion, and has more recently been used for the storage of bottled 'blue devils.' But whether said convict's skeleton was found or not, whether his ghost walked o' nights in chains, or another was found drowned in the creek which runs at the bottom of the orchard, I know not. I never saw either, though, in the midnight watches, while sleeping over the cellar, I have been expecting them. Yes, 'Jerusalem ' is a delightful old place in daylight ; but lying in bed o' nights, fully primed with ghost lore and reminiscences of the 'good old days,' things are a bit 'unked ' as they say in old Berkshire. And now we learn that Mr. Rowland Hassall visits Dubbo at the grand old age of 78 years. Why, it seems but a few years ago that I saw his mother, with her snowy white head, at 'Jerusalem.' I know she was over 80 at her death, though her daughter (Mrs. John Bowlin) was a comparatively young woman, being the youngest of the family. A younger son (Charles) was drowned at Guntawang many years ago. He was on a visit to his kinsmen when the sad oc- currence took place. The river was in fresh at the time, and the young man plunged in to save a Chinaman, and sacrificed his own life in the attempt. There was another venerable man bear- ing the same name, the Rev. Mr. Hassall, who died at Berrima many years ago. Probably he was a brother of the Clydes- dale Hassall, and, if so, therefore uncle to Rowland and Jonathan. The old clergy- man, I remember, was in his 90th year. Verily are the Hassalls a long lived race, and I have no reason to believe that they owed their stature, stamina, and longevity to the principles of total abstinence, or, in fact, to abstention from sport or danger- ous pastime or occupation. They came of a good old stock ; their father was one of the pioneers of the colony with the Suttors, Rouses, and Lawsons, and when their days shall be numbered they will leave behind them many stalwart mem- bers of the third and fourth, generations to perpetuate the errand old name of Hassall. G. C, J. 