German Lutheran Church. The laying of tho foundation block of the new German Lutheran Church, Mackay, took plaoe yesterday afternoon. Thore was a very large attendance of visitors, amongst which were the Mayor, and the Revs. Turner, J. Gibson, M.A., and W. Smith. A large number of tho church congregation wore also present. The Rev. Krause, Pastor, opened the proceed ings with a prayer, the majority of tho gather ing having assembled on tho verandah of the parsonage A hymn followed tho prayer, both given in the German tontjuo, after which tho Kev. Turner read a losson from the 1st Chaptor of the 1st Book of the Chronicles, A hymn by tho congregation followed, and the Eev. J. Gibson afterwards delivered a very appropriate and interesting address. He referred to the famous Miirtin Lnthor as tho founder of the Lutheran Churoh, though', ho stated, it needod a Gorman to explain at all fully wlnit tho Church, and Germany as a wholo, ' owed to the man's influence whose name remained so fa mous to the 'presont day among all nations. All Protestantism, and even the mud oi n Catholic ohuroh, owed tho greatest debt of grntitudo to Luther, a debt which could scarcely bo reali sed when tho extent of each separate clinch at thV present day was considered, and tho spread of the several faitlis abroad, Tho rovorend ?-{ontiemen'~spoku/4n ftlo.wing terms of Martin ?^juthorjas a^iiiin,*a{( a preacher, nnd us a writer. H« dwelt upon yio energy ever displayed by him, and, the sulf-mcrifiae ho made of himself to his work, the results or, which would always be seen. Ho alluded focling-ly to I nther's abi lity, energy, intellect, nnd courage, qualities whioh had placed the man in tho very front of the world's celebrities. He spoke of Luthor's indomitable fuith in his creator, a faith to which ho owed all his power and greatness as a preacher and man. It wus Luther who prac tically diBcovored that the Bible wub not n i-eiies of abstract doctrines, but the word of God to his people He had over pointod to a Christ und Saviour of the present and tho fu ture. Tho courage of the man had been fully displayed, when on the memorable ocension, amid a vast assemblage, ho had defied, Empe lor, Popo, Cardinal and Priest, and for tho liberty of his own cousoionco had cried, as ho stood alone and undefended, 'Hero stand I I am no other I So Help me God'. Such a mnn they should all bci proud to follow, a man who had advanced religion to u marvellous dogree, and who wiped nw'ay before his death all tho hollow mockery of tho churoh of previous days. ?uoh was tho man whom they thatduy honored 'y their presunco at, mid iiiti- rent in, the luy ]ng of the foundation block of tho new Luther an Ohuroh. Tho block, which wus suspended by ropu and pully, wii.s .then lowered, and the Rev. Kransa, tapping tho block three times, said, ' I declare tills block lovol mid upright, und declare it to bo the foundation block of tho New Lutheran Church, in tho name of the Father, Son, and tho Holy Ghost.' Tho de claration was mado in German und afterwards in English. The Kov. Krauso dolivered a most eloquont scriptural address in Iho German tongue, referring in fooling forms to Martin Luther, and his influenco and good work. A collection was then taken up, and a goodly sum thereby obtained. His Worship the Mayor, on being askod to make a few remarks, said it gave him great pleasure to tie present on that occasion, not only because it was one at whfoh tho founda tion block of a church was being laid, but becauso it gave him, and others present, tho opportunity of doing honor to the namo of Marl-in Luther, the father of the church wliicli was shoitly to bo erected. As an Englishman he w'as only too glad to bo able to do honor to the memory of such n man, whoso qualities had been so ably described and commented upon by the Rev. Gibson. Luthor had, with out doubt, been ono of the great bulwarks of Christianity, and his influence in the world in his own time hud been a marvellous feaiuro of history, and an influence for all that was good and right, Not. only in ohuroh work was the man's influence evidenced, but in the important ajjimro ui euuuttuuii, wiuun juuluul uuu jjuriuu ally given the first impetus to. Germany, before Luther's time, was not by any means un advanced country, nor were her people an educated nation, but she had been one of tho first countries to enter into a scheme of national education, und all was owing to the marvellous influence and great work of Martin Lnthor. From being one of the many lowly monks of the day, Luther had 'made a name for himself which stood fat' above those of other eminent men of the time, and yet the opportunities of those men had stood in gigantic proportions to thoso offered to Luther. He could congratu late the Rev. Krause on the efforts to establish a now church amongst his flock, and he could also congratulate the congregation that they wero erecting a building entirely free from financial debt. Tho Rev. Krause returned thanks to the Revs. W. A.Turner, J. Gibson, M. A., and W. Smith for their assistance in the ceremonies, to His Worship the Mayor for his aitendanoe and kind remarks, and to all those who had shown their interest in tho church and its work by their presence there on that occasion. Ho hoped that they would all live together in Christ, and that God would holp thorn to do each ono his duty to the end. The singing of the final hymn by tho con gregation closod the proceedings. 