? KENNY'S LUCK. A True Story of Old Dunolly. (Written Expressly for the " Advocate.") Ia doing this, a discovery took place which afforded a slight recompense to the shareholders for the disaster which had fallen on the mine. Some of the drift swept into the main drives was found to be very rich iu gold, and in the space of a month no less than £9000 worth of the precious metal was taken out. It was at this time that a curious rumour began to spread around. Who started it, or how it began, no one could say, but mysteriously and insidiously the strange belief gained ground that the Burnt Creek mine was haunted. Miners, like sailors, are proverbially superstitious, and soon the manager began to experience trouble in the working of the claim. Several of the men asserted they had seen a mysterious figure moving in the eastern drives, but the closest search failed to show the least foundation for so ridiculous a statement. Nevertheless, some of the, more superstitious miners objected to work alone, Whilst others actually left the haunted'mine. It was at this period that Kenny.4iad resolved to change his occupation, but, • under the circumstances, it seemed-1<3 him that to leave the mine at this \ juncture would be cowardly. Con-'* trary to the wishes of his wife, he de-' cided to remain for a few months longer. On the night of 6th February, 18(M, Kenny had occasion to leave his mates, who were working at the face of the main eastern drive, and go to the shaft. There was a short cut to it along one of the abandoned workings, and the miner entered it. Not fifty yards had been traversed when the dim reflection of a light loomed ahead, and Kenny paused in surprise. At length, thinking it might be the manager who had descended the shaft, he went forward, but almost immediately the light disappeared. A search in the locality failed to reveal anyone, and, considerably mystified, the miner reached the shaft, and was hauled to the surface. Enquiries there did not enlighten Kenny, but as he reflected on the matter, the superstitious thoughts which had assailed him quickly vanished. Ghosts or goblins did not carry lights, yet it was inexplicable that any ol' the men could have been in the abandoned drive at the time without the poppet; man being aware of it, and he said no one had descended since Kenny's party had begun their shift. Next day the young man spoke to the manager about the occurrence. "There is something wrong going on, lad, an' I would give a good deal t® find out what it is," spoke Thompson. "I didn't say anything to the men about it," replied Kenny. "I'm glad of that. The fools are frightened at their own shadows since those confounded rumours got about." " There is more substance than shadow in the affair, it seems to me," muttered the young man to himself as he strolled away towards his cottage. As he passed the air shaft, by which the underground workings had been entered when the fatal burst occurred, something in the appearance of the mouth caused him to stop and examine the aperture. His practiced eyes had noticed that the steps leading down the shaft appeared as if recently used. A closer scrutiny convinced him that such was indeed the case. Clearly, someone had entered or left the mine by that p&ssage;, and Kenny determined to investigate the matter further. Possibly some of the miners were using the old pit for purposes of their own, but the object of such a course was beyond Kenny's powers of penetration. At length he resolved to keep watch on the shaft during the following week, when he would be on day shift. If any of the workmen were doing wrong, night would certainly be the time chosen. Kenny was a quiet man, and he resolved to keep his suspicions to himself until it might be necessary to take others into his confidence. So far, ©nly the vaguest surmises entered his mind, and be went to work that night •without having formed any definite jQan. It was the midnight shift which he had charge of, and at the time considerable responsibility devolved on him. Extraordinarily rich wash was being obtained, and some of the miners had already been detected robbing the company. In spite of the strict search on leaving work,, there was strong reason to believe that. a. considerable leakage of gold was occurring. With collusion between the men, there would bo no insuperable difficulty in outwitting the officials, but there was 110 proof that such collusion existed. A couple of hours after midnight, Kenny leaned against a truck in the main drive, while the men were having a brief spell. Save for the unceasing dripping of water, a deep, silence reigned, favourable to reflection. As the young man mused, a curious idea entered his mind regarding the marks he had noticed at the air shaft. The conviction seized upon him that the directors of the company were employing spies or detectives to watch the men below, and that they entered the workings by the old pit, so as to ensure secrecy. Kenny's spirit revolted against such a mean system of espionage, for it was a reflection upon his own honesty, us well as those under him. "Perhaps I am jumping to a wrong conclusion," he at 'length muttered. " I must make sure before, doing anything." 'An hour later Kenny left the -••men at Work on the face and turned •.d&vrn; the Wive. After going about n£J$vyards, lie extinguished the candle carried by'liVm, and placed it under his /Oilskin obaty Then, with a sharp "turn to;'~'th(y left, he plunged into the d^ep. gloom of a side drive. This sloped upwards towards the shallower workings, and a strong stream of water ran down it. The operations underground were all perfectly familiar to the miner, and he had little need of a light to make his way along. His object was soon itfain, for the course he took led Kenny towards the old shaft. A perfect network of drives and passages existed in the vicinity, and a person with less knowledge than the underground boss would assuredly have become lost in the dark and dripping labyrinth. A couple of times- Kenny had, in fact, to retrace iiis steps, and it was while doing so on the last occasion that a sudden flash of light broke for an instant through the murky darkness. The mysterious gleam vanished in a moment, and Kenny rubbed his eyes in doubt. " It. can't, come from the main drive," lie muttered. "I'm at the second cross-cut, an' the face could not be seen from here." The passage down which he had seen the momentary gleam led towards the new workings, and down it the miner went. The drive was a very wet one, which had not been used for more than two years, so that considerable trouble was experienced in getting through it.. Witter poured into it from many points, and the splashing noise quite drowned otner sounds. Less than forty yards from the entrance the passage turned abruptly to the south. Kenny had just reached this, and was going round it with bent head to escape the deluge of water from above, when once more a light flashed just beside him. In a second he was again enshrouded in the deep gloom, 'but not before he knew that danger confronted him. The bright gleam had bodied forth the form of a man not a yard distant. Instinctively Kenny made a backward movement to escape possible attack. In such a place, only a foe would be lurking, or, at all events, a friend with 'felonious intentions. In any case, discovery meant danger. Almost before the searcher could stir, the unknown man sprang upon and dealt him a stunning blow on the •head with What seemed to be a heavy lantern. Half dazed with the violent attack. Kenny staggered against the side of the drive, but almost instantly partly recovered himself. A second, blow had been made at him, but without effect, and then the assailant endeavoured to get away. The young miner was not only courageous, but he possessed a splendid physique, and knew how to use his stwyigth. Half maddened with the blow which had been dealt him, Kenny jumped forward, and grabbed his foe, and in a moment a desperate struggle commenced. In such a place a. life or death fight possessed weird and terrible features, and the surroundings apparently affected the un- known man, for he began to loudly call for help. In grim silence, Kenny contended, but he had a foe by no means to he despised, and that fact was quickly realised by him. Fortunately for the miner, the narrow, low drive, with its wet., slippery ,'sides atyl floor, prevented the extraordinary strength of the stranger Riving llic advantage it otherwise would have done. Being, more used to such places, Kenny managed to get, his opponent down twice, and almost smothered him in the sludge. The, herculean strength of the" man, however, saved him. After shaking off Kenny the second time the fellow broke away and ruslhed towards the cross-cut. His calls for help had resounded through the workings, and the edhoes came back to111 ic- combatants in a. curiously weird manner. When the unknown man broke from Kenny and rushed away, fhe latter quickly followed, iu the hope of elucidating tJhe mystery. The fugitive was quite invisible in the Egyptian darkness. and as tihe pursuer splashed through mud and water it was not jwssihle to fdllow by sound. Knowing that escape could only be possible by means of Hie air shaft. Kenny pursued a course in That direction. In a couple of minutes he got out of the old passage and entered one of the abandoned main drives of the first level. As he did, the sound of voices calling from below reached him, and he paused to listen. About twenty feet ' from where he stood was a " jump up," which went, down to the level below. It was Mi rough this aperture the human voices reached him, and going 1o riie small shaft, lie looked down. Lights wore flashing, and Kenny quickly realised something unusual had happened. Calling to those below, he got on to the ladder and descended. A quile unexpected sigTit met Jiis eyes. Several of the miners, holding spluttering candles, were standing round the still body of a man, which lay stretched on the floor of the drive. As the " boss" pushed forward through the group one of rhe men, named Ned Doreen, who had been bending over tihe figure, rose and so id— " He's as dead as a door nail. The poor devil must a.' dropped down from the level above. Glory bo to God. but life's uncertain !" " Who is he ? Do any av ye know him ?" asked another of the group, hut only a low, unintelligible murmur came in response. Kenny had already knelt by the side of the man, Who was evidently dead. Two otf the candles were held close to the face, but it. was so covered with clay as to 'be unrecognisable. Water abounded, and the mud was soon removed. " Why. it's Jim Wilson !" exclaimed Kenny, in amazement. " Big .Tim V' c'horussed tihe men. Yes. lie id's and Fitzpatrick's mate. I would like to know what brought him here. I have just had a fight with someone in the old workings. There's some devilment afoot, lads, an' we must, try to find out what it is," spoke the boss. " I told you tlhere was someone calling out," remarked a man named Hudson, turning to one of his mates. This employe worked in the capacity of a trucker, and in passing along the main drive towards the winding shaft he heard faint cries. Thinking there must be good reason for the calls, he went along a. side drive, and was horrified to come on the body of Wilson. Then the other workers were brought on the scene. The Tragedy which had just happened occupied the undivided attention of the ghift during the remainder of the morning. The body was sent to flic surface and placed in a shed to await tilie inquest, and the deceased's mates were informed of his fate. Slowly and reluctantly Kenny came to the conclusion that lite former friends and comrades—IIeid "and Fitzpatrick—knew more/about' the tragic occurrence than they.'preteo<^L \to. The messenger wh<J went tg. tlm^Oyat ait daylight found both in]JbedXtod they came out to him ajs if jufc^imWd' from slumber. - /> •> They could give no exp^aaticfi^Ji'hli.t--, ever of Wilson's presencfe-Jasae mine. According to tfheir story^^Jte^ety' tliem the previous evening, "©MMgging Iiis intention of going to \vigsoB's Hotel. Beyond that, they asserted, nothing was known them, John Kenny itis own opinion -on the matter, but he kept It to himself. At the old shaft he found several recent footmarks, indicating that more than oik; person had ascended or descended it. Of course, it was almost certain the dead man had entered the mine by that way. but Kenny felt sure the man had been accompanied by others. If not. w<hy had he called for help when .struggling V At. the inquest it was taken sis a maifter of course that the man whom Kenny fought with must be the deceased. The object whlcfli brought, him to the workings the jury regarded, no doubt with truth, to be plunder. In fact, a small quantity of half-washed gold lay concealed in an inner pocket of the deceased. but. no actual proof could be advanced that it came from the Rising Sun claim. Iu fact, lteid asserted that Wilson had the gold for several weeks previous, imd obtained it from their own ground. After the narrow escape experienced by Kenny, his wife urged him more strongly tllian ever to abandon mining. Now that the gliost of the Rising Sun had been laid, the underground boss soon resolved to give up the rather perilous occupation. The story of the ha united mine was effectually explo. ded by the death of Wilson and the discoveries made n<t the old shaft. Even the most superstitious of the miners realised that the mysterious lights and sounds had been caused by gold robbers. The air pit offered them a comparatively easy method of entrance and exit, bu't the directors took siteps to prevent, such a method of entering the workings in future. The miners laugher! at their previous fears, and gradually forgot the uncanny rumours which had floated about. Thus. <tlie sentimental considerations which had caused Kenn.v to remain at his post, vanished, and six months after his remarkable fight in the abandoned drive he ceased to work in file Rising Sun. Previous to this. Reid and Fiizpaitrick left, the district. They had got into bad favour with the miners, and the latter made it. very disagreeable for the two. The belief grew that both men knew a. great deal more altout rhe tragedy in the mine than they cared should become public. Little facts came to ligiht which pointed to tfliein as those who had surreptitiously entered the workings, but no legal proof could he obtained. In their own rough way residents enforced their feelings, and a fortnight after tihe inquest on Wilson his late mates struck camp, and went across to Jones' Creek rash, near Tarnagulla. Kenny and his wife were glad flhat the two left the locality. Reid's dislike to the miner had become a monomania with him. In various ways the rejected suitor for Ellen Dwyer's hand showed that his heart was filled with vengeance against the man who had Worn rhe girl. Fitzpatrick appeared to be completely under the dominion of Reid. and quite a tool in his hands. Both were in the habit of occasionally indulging to excess in strong drink, and, when in that, condition. Mrs. Kenny feared they might show their ill-will iu a very rinpleasaut. manner. Their departure came as a relief to the wifo, if not to the husband. Wirh a family rising around them, the couple decided to permanently sett tie in the Jieigbfoouiliood. The nomadic life of following the "rushes" was not to the liking of either. Kenny —true to his race—had a love for agriculture. and lie bought, a comfortable farm on the bank's of the Bet Bet Creek, and within three miles of the Rising Sun mine. The land and the climate were specially suitable for the growth of grape vines. The advantages and possibilities of a. vineyard were suggested to Kenny by a ma'j named Pierre Latour—an expert v ! ,gneron. The ex-miner was so pierced with the prospect that he took, the Frenchman into his employ, ar.flf thus the beginning of the wine industry was laid in the district. (To be continuyiL), It will be -seen fi">m our- advertising columns that Mr. E: Brookman.. baker, pastrycook and Confectioner, of 177 Johnstonrsti-eet, Collingwood. is prepared, to. snpp'-y bread, etc., at reasonable, rates- P. J. O'Connob, Merchant Tailor, next Richmond Town Hall. A nice assortment o! fashionable tweeds just oppned. Firstclass tradesmen employed. Prices, fit. and mateiie,! guaranteed to give satisfaction. A trial solicited. By I. D. 