THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the pupose of findiug out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to ex amine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. "I can't see to read here," said the visi tor. "Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He 1 could not tell whence It came, hut be net inert that it had one strange quality— it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights 1 you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or | unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's ; own experience. Dr Johnson sniffed at the ac- ! count of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited I the talc of the Cock Lane ghost. | A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else hut doubt could result from his experience? Take an ex- ' ample:— | "In the spring of 1SSS," writes our corres- ; pondent, "I fell into a low, weak, and languid I state. I felt low-spirited, and out of sorts. I At first my stomach was deranged, my appe- : tito poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on. I suffered from nervous ness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took reliev ing me. At last I heard of mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used. I now gladly admit its value and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering I humanity, I deem it a dutv to send you this ! testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and : outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, | June 8th. 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr Grif- I fith's candid letter, and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be I true enough, but It cannot be verified without I more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand, we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, a"nd can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are hut symp toms, forms, or phases of that universal dis ease—indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying sha dows. And that is why people believe all that Is told of its success by eager witnesses 