HANNAH PURVES' FIRST AND ONLY LOVE. By NELLIE BROWN. The hill road was very lonely. It stretched, white as chalk, between the unfenced moorland for miles, broken here and there by a rough group of whins, Pr diving into a belt of firs, set as close ns bristlesJpi a brush, and affording no glimpse of even tho noonday sun to tho scantily mossed ground underneath. Tho great hare hills of tho Lamracrmoors succeeded each other, with the same swell of green heather, coarse grass and black whins as f iras tho eye conk) reach. • Hannah Purves came to her door to shako the cover of the dressor, She was tidying tho best room—she did not weary of dusting it over and over—it aims occupation. She was a rather plain woman, and sallow, and her hair dressed in on old-fashioned way added five ap parent years to her ago. Being at tho door, sho stood and looked. The pee-wits shrilled and wheeled on the slope to tho left, by the roadside to the right the sheep wero aimlessly congregat ing and separating. Tho deep sunlight brooded over everything, Far down on tho road a speck moved and crawled Hannah watched it for a few moments, and wont- back into the house. After tho glare of the sunlight, the room was almost dark, for the window was crowded with geraniums, and their broad leaves turned edgeways to tho light, blocked the panes and all their big trusses of blossom, scarlet, pink and white, leaned in the same direction, hungry for I he sun light. She spread the white cloth on the polished bureau, and began to replace the ornaments which sho had sot- on tho Centro table —the white china dogs, the old silver lustre teapot without lid, tho rod hen with a slit in her hack for pennies. Sho wiped each mechanically, .Howly, and put it methodically into the place it- hud occupied. There was a faint cry from (ho next room, followed by a few feeble knocks with a stick. Ha.inah hastily sot down tlu red hen, and wont through to the kitchen. Everything in tho kitchen was spotlessly clean, but there was an atmosphere of suffocating heat, and a sickly smell from the pot of pig's mear boiling on the fire. An o'd woman, in a clean, stilly starched white cap, sat in a chair at the side of tho fire. She was Helpless with age, and crippled from the consequences of a paralytic shock; her face, wrinkled and drawn, but still alert, seemed the only thing living about her. In one of her big, weak-knottod hands she hold an oaken stick, with which she rattled on (die lloor to attract Hannah’s attention. “ What o’clock is’t, Hannah?” she asked, querulously. “ .Tust aboot throe,” answered Hannah. “ Are ye no through wi’ that, room yet?’’ “ Yes, I’m dune,” She lifted tho heavy pot, and set it to one side. “ Are ye woaryin’ on yu’ro tea, granny? I’ll hing on the kettle—it’ll bo boilin’ sunc,” “I dinna ken what I’m wearyin’ on,” said the old woman, in the thin, vaguely fretful tones of age. “ D’ye see naething o’ your brother ? ” “ He canna be hamo yet," said Han nah. “ If he no gets sprec'd again," said the grandmother. “ There’s nae use mootin’ sorrow half way,” said Hannah, quietly. Sho lifted her stocking, and began to knit. The kitten emerged from below the table, humped its back, and made a clutch at the wool. There was a rap at the dour. “Hinnaopcn it, Hannah; it’s some seekiu’ body, and we’re two lone woomin,” said her grandmother. “I’ll see whac it is,”said Hannah. She cared out of the window, keeping ca re ully behind tho curtain. Then she fell back a step, white as a ghost. “The minister?” hazarded Mrs. Purves. “Wait amcenit; it’s a man I ken," said Hannah. She breathed hard and looked strangely scared. But as the rap was repeated she wont to the door, and opened it. “ Weel, here am I,” said the perspiring man on the threshold. “ I tolled yo I was cornin’ to see ye—some day.” “ Ye’uc ta cn your time,” said Hannah, a little drily. “ Thai’s live year since.” “ No that, surely. Hold on, I want to speak to ye—” “ But come in and sit doon,” said Han nah relenting. “This is my granny. Granny, this is Mr. Glennie—l dinna ken if I ever spoke to ye about him —wo got acquent when I was in service.” Mrs. Purves eyed him suspiciously with her vivid dark glance, as lie stepped in sweltering and wiping his forehead, with mingled embarrassment ami heat, “ I was through this Avar,” he said apo logetically. “ I thought Hannah —Miss Purves—Avould excuse mo gien' her a cry 1 in. I hope ye’re Avecl. mem.” This Avith an evident desire to propitiate. “ Just meddlin’,” said (lie old woman. “ We’ve a right to ho thankfu’—but I’m awfu’ frail.” “Ami hoo are ye a’?” asked Hannah, with a faint monitory emphasis on the last word. She had remained standing, and pre served a cold soA T orit.y of mien. Tho stranger suddenly turned purple. “She’s been la’cn awa,” he said. “I nedna’ make nae secrets frae youj It was the drink did it. . . . Woman, ye dinna ken what, a life I lino had. . . . There’s a little anc lac, . . A cripple, puir taed. . . . It’s neither lot it fa, when she wasna’ right. ... I hae ha’en an aAvfu’ life . . . an awfu’ life.” “ Yo needna speak against her now, ony- Avay,” said Hannah, in the same grim mono tone. “ Hannah, ye might gio t-ho man a drink o’ milk," interrupted tho old woman, avlio, only half-hearing the Avords, and not at all comprehending them, yet took pity on his heated look. “ Dinna fash,” urged Alec Glennie. “ Oh, I Avasna thinking,” said Hannah. She Avent into tho back recesses of the house ami returned with a glass of cream ing milk on a I ra}*. ' “ It’s a rale kind, but I wasn’t heedin’,” said Glennie, as ho took the tumbler. “It’ll Jake the stoor oot o’ your throat,” siid Mrs. Purves. “ It hink I'll be gaun,” said tho visitor. “Will ye speak a meenit, Hannah?” he added in a lower key, Avhilo he shook hands with tho invalid, “ I dinna think it ser’s,” said Hannah, but she went with him to the door. “Te ken Avhat it means —mo cornin’ here,” he said-, anxiously scanning her pale, set face. “ I hae.some notion.” “Will yc—Avill ye look owre’t?—Ikon I no used yo weel—will yc marry me how ?’’ “No,” said Hannah, clearly’but de cidedly. “ I couldna make up my mind to face yo again, but I put on tho resolution. I can gic yc a home —j'o’cd be guid to the helpless, Avee crater —and I aye like yo, Hannah, though I Avas infatuate ” “ TUero's nao use gaun back on auld stories ”.said Hannah. “ I hae a helpless enough crater to look after here. I’m jimckle obleegcd to yo,” Sho closed the door, and be stood stupidly staring at tho handle in humilia tion ami anger for a loav moments. The pee-wits screamed and wheeled; tho vast silence of the moor-land mocked them. For. a moment ho meditated-on knocking again —then he turned and heavily descended tho road. “ 'What was he ? what was he wantin’ ?” demanded Mrs. Purves, insistently. “ I used to ken him,” said Hannah. But a tear scalded her eyes. In her pride and wrath she had shut tho door on the one lovo of her life. It was some six months lalor. Mark Purvcs came in with a quick stop at an unexpected lime, and his sister, who was standing at- the fable straining her eyes over a sheet of paper, hastily put it away and replaced the ink bottle in tho corner of the press with a confused air, which her brother was too much occupied to notice. Hannah wore a black gown; tho chair by tho fire was empty. “ I brought up (ho paper frac Buns,” said Mark, tossing it on tho table. " Tho notice isja’ right, but I had to pay a shil ling for tho deeply regretted.” “ I’ll soo it the now when I light the lamp,” said Hannah. “Han, what d'ye think o’ mo gottin’ married ?” asked Mark abruptly. “ Was yo Glinkin’ o’b?” said Hannah letting her paper spill bum her finger in her amazement, not unmixed with dis may. Mark nodded. “ Whao on ?” “ Liza Colvin owre at .Farnoy Mill.” “ Is’t settled ? ” “Lang Syne. Only, yo ken,she no cared aboot coomin' in to bather wi* her.” “.1 think that's gey hertless o’ ye Mark,” said Hannah, stung into plain speech, “llaith o’ ye—just wailin' or she was away, Yo might hac tolled mo ouy-way.” “ Thor was nao use makin’ yo mad,” said Mark coolly. “ And yo noedna be mad, yet; it makes nae odds,” “And what aboot me ?" usksd Hannah, directly. Her brother’s selfish eyes fell. “ Oh, weal,” he said, uneasily, “ ye’ll no likely he wantin’ to bide. Wll can got a place easy enough ; it’s nae advan tage to yo bidin’ here.'’ “It’s a lino way to treat a body,” said Hannah, bitterly. “Ye’ve just made a tool o’ m>, M irk—l giod up a guid place, and guid chances, tu come here, and I've gotten a’ my thanks in ae day,” “Ye can bide for the term if jo like,” said Mark, sullenly and shamefacedly. “I'll speak to Liza.” “Yu ncodna. This is a’ her git-up. Put ye neudna concern yersel aboot me. 1 ken what I'll dao —and maybe I’ll no seek a place cither.” She thought with secret exultation of the half-written letter in her apron pocket. “ Oh, weel, if yo dae yersel' a guid turn it’ll no hurt mo,” said Mark, and lounged out of the house. Hannah took out her letter and looked at it. Alas, sho had huddled it by in haste, undried, and it was all blurred and blotted. “ I’ll write tho morn when Mark’s 00l tho road,” sho decided, and took up the paper. “I’uir granny,” she thought, “little yo dreamed that sly Lizzie was ready to stop into your shoon.” She looked at; tho column which records the commencement, the crisis, the close of eventful and uneventful lives. And her heart seemed to slop beating as she read among the marriages : “At Edinburgh, by tho Rev. Ninian Dinwoodic, Alexander Glennie, to Mary Landells, eldest daughter of the late Walter Keith.” Sho laid the paper down quietly, and sat collecting h.*r si mined thoughts. She re membered the baker's oldest daughter well —a largo, slow woman, with a rather gentle aspect, who since her father’s death had attempted a little dressmaking with very doubtful success. “He ncodit a hoosekeepev; and she needit a liame,” she said, half aloud, “I see. And it’s ray ain blame if it wasna me.” She had no resentment; only a dull sense of prospectless regret. She took out lier blot ted letter again—a letter to Alec — and her pride gave her a momentary flash of gladness that she had not sent. it. There it was, blurred and incomplete—like life. She put it into tho lire, and it- Hared— then the red sparks ran on the black tinder—there was an end of her romance —and sho turned a heavy heart to the column headed, “ Wanted, Homestic Ser vants.”—lllustrated Edinburgh Nows. 