A STOLEN LIFE. 'By MATTP1AS M'DONNELL BODKIN, Q.C, author of 'Lord Edward Fitz^rald,' 'White Magiq,'* *'The Adventures of Mr. Juggins,' etc. CHAPTER XVTIL— fGontinned.- ,*Do you know me?' Trevac asked. And the sleeping man answered, 'I know you, Vivian Ardel.' 'Answer truthfully the questions I shall ask of you.' 'I must' . 'Who murdered Bessie Blythewood?' There was a long pause. Some remnant of the man's -reason and will was still awake, and in fierce revolt against self betrayal, his lips closed tight hi obstinate silence. 'Answer!' said Trevor again, /more sternly than before. The unconscious body quivered with the in tensity of the struggle, but still no word. Trevor pressed his hand upon his forehead. '''Speak!' he cried the third' time in tones of concentrated command. Like a cry of pain the words broke from the sleeper's lips. 'I murdered Bessie Blythe wood.' 'Ah, I guessed it,' Trevor muttered to him self with a deep mdrawing of his breath. Then to* the sleeper sternly: 'How was the murder dbne?' ''It was so simple'— with the first dreadful spoke quite freely now, with a kind of ghastly pride in his own cleverness. ' 'I was with her by appointment in the morning— a full 'hour be fore the body was found. She was like a sen timental tiger, fawning one moment, raging the next She showed me a letter she had written, threatening to commit suicide if I deserted her, and the revolver with which she meant to do it It was that put the notion into my head. I knew she would be a curse and a plague to me all my life; I knew she would never have the pluck to kill herself; so I saved her the trouble. I left her letter on the table and her revolver on the floor when I made my escape. A verdict of suicide was a eure thing but for that devil Weevil. His perjuries came near hanging me. But you, In your wisdom, proved me innocent.' Even then there was. a note of insolent mock ery in his voice. 'Had you no pity for the girl that loved you — no remorse for iher murder?' Trevor asked. 'None— till there was danger I might be banged for it. When the danger passed I was glad that I had got this trouble out of my life cheaply and safely.' 'Is murder nothing to you?' 'Nothing; but hanging is a great deal.' 'The man that saved you— Dr. Ardel— you were grateful to him?' , 'Not a bit. He saved my life to please him self. If he had known everything, ihe would ihave let me hang.' 'Why did .you try to murder Vivian Ardel?' 'Why! why because I wanted you out of the way. Lucy Ray loved you, or I believed she did, and I loved Lucy Ray. Wasn't that rea. son enough? She was the one woman in the world for me. Body and soul I was devour ed with love for her. I was not fool enough to let -any man's life stand in my way. I tried three times. I don't know how the devil you slipped through each time. You have more lives than a cat The trick with the broken foil was a neat thing. I'm glad it didn't come off though.' |*Why glad?' 'It doesn't- matter to me -now a pin's point whether you live or die. Lucy Ray has pro mised to be my wife. I have gained my end. I will marry her in a month.' 'And then?' 'I will sell out of the army, take my wife to the New World, and live happy ever after wards.' Trevor got up and quietly fetched a blof tingpad, paper, pens, and ink, from an ad Joining table. 'Sit up close to the table,' he said to Wick ham sharply, who obeyed him like a child. He put the pen between the speaker's fin gers. 'Look at what's before you,' he said. The eyes slowly unclosed with the vacant look of the somnambulist. 'I see writing materials— nothing more,' 'That is enough. I want you to write' 'Write what?' 'An account of your murder of Bessie Bly thewood as you have just told it to me— an ac count of your three separate attempts on the life of Dr. ArdeL' Without an instant's hesitation, Wickham began writing rapidly and fluently in his own peculiar hand — neat and clear — while Trevor looked over his shoulder.' 'Sign!' he said, when tfie writing was fin ished, and Wickham signed with a flourish. Trevor took thp nunor WnH-nri it fnlrlaA -if and put it away in the inner breastpocket of his coat that already bulged a little from a small revolver, for he knew he had to deal with a desperate man, and had taken his pre cautions accordingly. Then he turned again to Hie sleeping man; 'Awake,' he said sharply to Wickham, who awoke, with a start to full, clear conscious ness. But his memory went back no further than the silent wrestling of their wills before he dropped off to sleep. He was vaguely troubled to find Trevor standing before him pale and stern. 'What monkey tricks have you been play ing?' he asked sharply. 'I remember I tried to mesmerise you. Did you by any chance mesmerise me instead?' 'I did; and questioned you of your life.' The man's face whitened with a sudden fear. 'And I. told you?' 'You laid bare your heart to me. You told me of murder three times attempted and once accomplished.' 'A pack of lie&— mere fraud and trickery. I know how the thing is done as well as you. I was compelled to say just what you wanted me to say ' 'I wanted the truth, and you told it to me,' 'Suppose I did, my dear young friend,' Iv ttroke out in angry defiance. 'Suppose I did, you damned young devil; what are you going to do about it? Who will believe the outlandish etory of a jealous schoolboy? Yes—jealous, you silly young fooL I guessed your secret, of course, but I knew that Lucy laughed at you. Go to her now, if you dare, and tell her . that her intended husband, Oolonel Wickham, is a murderer. I defy you even to get thick headed Ardel to believe you.' Trevor drew the paper from his pocket and held it up in his left hand, out of reach of the -other's grasp. The electric light glinted from the barrel of a small revolver held ready in his right hand. 'You see taiat?' he said quiet ly- 'Yes, I see that What is that— a big sheet of paper, scribbled on. How does it concern me?' 'It is the detailed confession, of your crimes, written with your own hand, signed with your own name — unmistakably yours.' The light fell clear, on the paper. Instinct ively TVickham knew he spoke the trufli. All the bravado died out of him in a moment He dropped back, huddled up in his chair in com plete collapse. His voice came in broken Rasps. 'Why do von torture top Hire this? What do you, hope for? What do you want me to do? If there is anything ? ' Then with a sudden burst of uncontrollable -rage as he re alised the trap in which, he was -caught and crushed. **Oh! you damned, devilish young cub! I wish I had -put, a; knife or a bullet through you long ago.' The^next moment fear mastered his rage, and his voice- again took a whining f»ne. 'I hardly know what I'm say Ing, Trevor, but words don't matter, you know. You have me down and can make your own terms. What's the price of your silence— If it nas a price?' 'I don't want to hang you,' said Trevor slowly— and the abject wretch shivered at the word— 'if I can help it I don't want even! your death on my .conscience.' -.' j 'Don't beat about the l-ush, then. What must I do for my lif e?' . 'You said just now. you were going to Ame a^ca. ?* You niust go— alone.' .-.-?? ? ! 'I'll start in a week,'' and he moved towards the door. 'Stop! there's one thing more.' 'Well?' facing ihim doggedly. ': ?- 'A letter to Miss Ray.' 'You torturing young devil! ifou don't want me to confess myself to Lucy!' \ 'No. I would spare her, not you, that pain. Less will serve. Sit down again at that table, and take the pen in your hand. Now write;' and he wrote: 'Miss Ray, — I hereby release you from your engagement I do so to avoid deserved public disgrace and exposure. '(Signed) Edgar Wickham.' He blotted the note, mechanically folded it in an envelope, and directed it, 'Miss Lucy Ray.' 'Now,' he said to Trevor, 'let us swop pa pers.' Trevor smiled, 'I mean .to have both.' 'You shan't have both.' 'Yes, I think I will. I cannot trust you, Wickham. You will readily understand that. I hold this paper as a life assurance. I will so arrange that at my death it will be read, with a short explanatory note, by Miss Lucy Ray.' 'Then I refuse.' 'And hang?' 'But if I give the letter, -what security have I?' 'My pledged word; while you keep faith, I'll keep it. You must not see Miss Ray again. You leave here to-morrow morning, and leave England within a week. These are my terms to take or leave.' Without a word Wickham handed him the note. With his hand still ready on the trig ger, Harry Trevor watched him slink from the room, and so pass for ever out of his life. CHAPTER XIX.-RESTITUTION. Where master workman gravely plies And skilfully his trade, 'With idle bands and eager eyes A foolish urchin strayed. 'Why, this is wrong!' exclaimed the child, 'Give me the work, I pray.' * Indulgently the master smiled, And let him have his way. But soon the work was spoiled, alack! The child was sore in pain; ' The kindly master took it back And made all right again. So oft befals the foolish man, Whom blind self- confidence Persuades that he has found a plan To mend God's providence Next morning ' Ardel broke impetuously into Trevor's room. 'Have you ieard the news. Harry? Wick ham has gone off like a shot; left by the morn ing train, t never was more surprised in my life when my man brought me this note with my coffee: 'Called away in urgent haste. E. Wickham.' Not much in that; it's shorter than a wire. Haven't the least notion where he's off to. Thought perhaps you might know when he'd be back.' 'Never!' 'Never! Then in the devil's name, what has become of him ?' 'He's gone to America for goocf. Perhaps I should not say that — he has gone for life. Don't look so startled, Vivian. I'll tell you all about it at some time, but for the present I want you to take my word that Wiekham was a thoroughly Dad lot, and we are all well rid of him.' 'Of course, I'll take your word for. anything, old man. Never cared particularly for Wick ham myself. But he was so set upon Lucy that I thought it only fair to give him his chance. By Jove! though, I'm amazed he could make up his mind to leave her like that.' 'He could not help himself. Lucy has had a narrow escape of the man, but she has es caped, tharik. God. Don't let us talk or think of him any more. He has passed out of our. lives for1 ever.' Then after a pause, 'There is something else I want to say to you, if you will hear me out patiently, but it is horribly hard to say.' 'Then don't I'll take it for granted.' 'I must.' Trevor could hardly force the - words out. 'A horrible, guilty secret must be j told, though I can hardly expect you will be- i lieve me. I cannot hope you will forgive me.' 'Don't talk rot,' said Ardel brusquely. 'You j must be drunk or mad to talk like that You ] have been such a friend to me, Harry, as no ; man ever had before. If I got back some thing of my manhood after that awful seizure, I owe it to you — wholly to you. That time I took the poison you pulled me out of the jaws of death. But that's nothing. You've been' as patient with me as a mother with her baby. You've helped me in a thousand ways. You're a clever chap, and I'm a dull one. But. I'm not dull enough to forget all I owe you while I've life to remember it. So don't go on rav- j ing any more, like a decent fellow, or I'll sand i for the doctor.' j 'I'm not raving, I'm speaking the plain, | sober truth. I've wronged you as no mian ever wronged another in this world before.' Acdel tried to laugh one of his great good humored laughs, but he broke down in the middle of it, frightened in spite of himself by tiie earnestness of the other's face and voice. 'By Jove! you look as if you had a ghost etory to tell.' 'I have a ghost story to tell, a true ghost j story, a strange ghost story; so strange I'm j afraid to be believed in spite of its truth. Will , you listen to it?' ] 'Fire away! only, if it is anything bad about ? yourself, don't expect me to believe it' j Again there was a long pause. The two : men sat close together at the window, with the j grey dawn on their faces. Ardel listened, i flushed, curious, and excited. Trevor, speak- j ing with low, forced utterance at first, told the I strange story of a stolen life. His voice grew firmer as he proceeded. Throughout there was ' that in its tone that compelled belief. ? Ardel listened to the end, patiently, witaout ] word or Msn. excent the whitening at his face, i held silent by amazement The morning wore ' on; the grey dawn blushed into vivid rose ecJor ? in the east But those two men, speaking strange things, took no account of time. The whole world was ablaze with sunshine which '? flooded the silent room when the long aarra-i tive closed at last Ardel broke the silence, 'Well,' he said, quietly, 'is that all?' ' Then Trevor looked in his face for the first time since he began his etory. 'Is it possible for you to forgive me?' 'Right away. ? I don't see myself there is very much to forgive after alL I'm bewilder ed about the business yet Th-; whole thing seems like a iairy tale. I' m not eure whether I I'm myself or somebody else. No! you need ! not say a word more. I believe it right j through. I cannot help believing It. Ydu make j younself out as bad as you can in the story. I But even on your own showing; The life you = borrowed was a life you had just saved. I . don't know I've had altogethtur the worst of j the bargain. I've had a good rime; life has ? been very pleasant to me, and you've worked j hard to n?ake it pleasant IFs a comfort, lj must confess, to know that any mind never | really brose down, and that I Jon't remenii.jfer f things because they never hap^ciad to mt. - Even yet I can hardly get Jiy head clear, j Don't look so ghastly about it Harry; I'm a fcit dazed, that's alL ril get used to the notion after a while, I daresay.' Y 'You are not angry?' 'Not a little bit You gave me more than you took from me by a great deaL' 'You are contented, then; happy as you are?' 'Quite.' Trevor'^ face fell. 'Yet——' Ardel added slowly. j \- ; 'Yes!' broke in Trevor very eagerly. | 'Ob! there is no use of talking or thinking of that; I'm 'perfectly content .Don't wciry yourself any more about me. Let this be oar secret To the -rest of the world things tin go on as before.'* -...-.' But he sighed regretfully in spite of himself. The. other was quick to notice it. 'Speak out frankly to me what is on your mind,' he cried earnestly. 'Would you have your youth back again?'. .. , Ardel started to his feet eager, excited, at the very .thought of it 'But could you do this thing, Harry?' ? * . 'I believe! can. I'm almost sure I can. I tried last night with Wickham, and found the old power is as strong as ever in me. There may be a risk, of course— are you willing to face it?' ... 'I'd risk death a thousand times for the mere chance. Cannot you see that youth .means hope and love to me? It means the right to woo Jeannette and win her if I can. But' with sudden remorse, 'it will be very rough on you. My gain is your loss.' 'I'm more eager for the change than you can be.' 'But what tempts you?' 'A brighter hope, a greater love than yours. Forgive ine; every man thinks his own prize best and mine is more than life to me.' 'But when must I?' 'Now, if you are readyP' 'The answer was a smile and a nod. 'Then draw your chair closer, Vivian. It's the last time, I hope, I shall call you by that name; closer still; there in the full light. Now look me full in the face, and give your will over to mine.' Again there 'was silence in the sunlit room, while thought and sensation ebbed slowly away from them, and sleep profound and un conscious as death, came upon both. (To be continued.) 