Refinings. Cold nights. Gardeners busy. Revolver accident. The clever Leslie Family. N.W.J.C. meeting to-night. Mysterious death near Modbury. Big attendance at the Brook show. Consols Mine still turning out rich stuff. Eight Hours' Day very quiet in the port. Dainty jewels turned out while you wait. £30,000 to be spent in deepening our river. Room for improvement in our dairy herds. Good show of horses and ponies at the Brook. C.C.K. is admittedly tbe Grand Old Bluffer. Editor Hancock gives the Leslie's Irish praise. Quadrille Clubs ball last night a gre at success. This is the month for planting squashes. Cr. Conley is a strong supporter of Part XIX. The Premier has introduced his Early Closing Bill. Mr. Spurr's report will be awaited with interest. Splendid show of draught stock at Crystal Brook. Mr.T. S. Marshall hoveling 'twixt life and death. Half the people at the Brook Show went from Pirie M.P. Foster intends to try and get the tote abolished. Vegetables are being almost given away, in the City-just now. Froggie angry with the Bear for talk- ing about giving up fighting. No recognition of Eight Hours' Day be local workers. How is this? A Japanese has shot his mistress at Kanowna, and then suicided. Teamsters ask Council for another weighbridge at Solomontown. The Black Flags have fought their way to within 50 miles of Canton. It is an eye-opener to see the, "Light- ning Gold Wire Artist" at work. Hooper, the silent member, is one of the best speakers in the Assembly. Sunday-school children, had a delight- ful day for their picnics on Thursday. Surgeon Fitzgerald, Melb., has success- fully removed a man's shoulder and arm. The famine in the agricultural dis- tricts of Russia is causing acute distress. Messrs. Symonds Bros. have removed into premises recently vacated by Gare Bros. Premier believes in free-trade in law, but why does he not embody his faith in a Bill ? King Malietoa, of Samoa, is dead. Likely to be ructions over the election of his successor. The peace-loving Czar's proposal is not being seriously entertained by the Powers. The Law Reform Bill has some good points, but does not touch the root of the evil. John Darling condemned the Govern ment for their treatment of Beetaloo ratepayers. A Bill has been Introduced in the N.S.W. Assembly to abolish capital punishment. Thousands of employees will bless the Premier if he gets his E.C. Bill through Parliament. The Leslie family said to be one of the cleverest combinations that has visited us for some time. Reported that Germany has been financing the anti-Rhodes party at the Cape elections. Our worthy S.M. was 62 years of age yesterday. Many happy returns of the day, Mr. Stow. A drunken brawl in a Kinowna (W.A.) brothel resulted in the loss of the lives of two Japanese. The Critic has a good word for King O'Malley as a private citizen, but advises him to give up politics. Mr. Kingston won't abolish articles, by which lawyers exact premiums and so preserve a monopoly. C.C.K. stonewalled Tom Price's speech on the Wharves Commission. But Tom will be even yet. Reid's earliest ambition was to be the first Premier of Federated Australia, and he is still playing for it. There will apparently be strong oppose- tion to Mr. Catt's Bill dealing with the deepening of river- frontages. Sydney has supplied the champion tragedy—a bloodthirsty story, enough to make one's hair stand on end. Mr.Spurr's report will only cost the Corporation a few pounds, and it may save them as many thousands. Dr. Hopkinson and his son and daughters slipped and fell into an abyss whilst ascending the Swiss Alps. We shall never get real law reform till a broadminded, persistent layman takes it up—a Robert Powens up to date. To tinker with the legal profession is not law reform. Better wipe out three fourths of the statutes as an alternative. The military interests so strong in Europe that it would require a bold statesman to attempt to bring about dis- armament. Until all bills of costs are filed at Court and newspapers are privileged lo publish and comment upon them there will be no real reform. Thomas Thomas was badly used. Why was not a Select Committee appointed to ascertain whether the S.M. ought to retain his position ? The two lads Lisson, victims of Tues- day's, tragedy in Sydney, have recovered consciousness and are now slightly I'm- proved in condition. Eugene Johnston, a newly married young man, has been arrested for masquerading as a ghost in Bendigo. He caused a great scare. The number of trees given away from the various State nurseries during the season just ended was 256,589 and the number of vines 21,140. Mr. Kennelley must have a very fair idea of the Corporation finances. He offers to sell them stone, and to wait till March next for the money. Mr.Kingston is really facilitating the admission of the rich man's son to the bar, and not opening the door to the brainy offspring of the poor. The preliminary steps before a lawyer can be convicted if misappropriating a client's money read uncommonly like opportunities to compound a felony. Ah Qua, the Chinese maide over whom such a fuss was made a year or two ago, is now a domestic servant in the household of a well known S.A. legis- lator. A sunstantial measure of law reform would be a simple Land Act, which might consist of half a dozen clauses, since the Government have adopted per- petual leasing. "The secret of oratory lies, not in say- ing new things with a certain power that moves the hearers." In the vain laughter of folly wisdom hears half its applause."—George Elliot. Six months' imprisonment for not paying out of nothing 5s. a week to keep a grandchild when the father was allowed to go free and drink his wages at Broken Hill. This is country justice. The Mayor delegated to have a chat with Mr. F. D. Harris, of the Fire Bri- gades Board with reference to additional protection against fire. There are a host of precautionary measures which might be suggested. Cr. Kerrison was right on Monday night when he said that before going in for an elaborate system of drainage there was a great quantity of filling re- quired in West Ward. A system of drainage would not obviate the necessity for carrying out this work. 