S. JAMES' CHtfRCH. FESTIVAL SERVICES. The Festival Day at St. James' Church was heartily observed, and fl was a pleasing sur-' prise to find that, though rain had fallen, and more was threatening, the large building was very well filled, the free seats being crSwded. 1 The tasteful decorations were limited. to the east end of the church j including Ihe pulpit and lectern, while some pot plants from the Gardens 'were placed on the sanctuary. The' Orchestral society were in full strength, and added materially to the pleasing effect given in the musical part of the services. Mr. Hibbert conducted the Society, organ and choir in all the concerted pieces, arid there was nothing rugged. Mr. Snow took the organ from Miss Marlay during the anthem, thus enabling her to assist the ladies' voices. The Processional Hymn No. 601, though new to the congrega tion, was sung with vigour, so also were the Canticles, and especially so was the last hymn No. 437 with its parts'in harmony and unison for male and female voices. The anthem chosen was Spohr's ' How lovely are Thy dwellings fair,' the solo being taken by Mrs. Kennard, whose voice is always heard with pleasure. The chorus parts were bright and showed good knowledge arid practice. Before the sermon the memorial brass which was to be dedicated, was unveiled by Mr. Cathcart, one of the choir, and Canon Warner said : By virtue of the authority given to me by the Bishop of the Diocese, and, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost I dedicate this Memorial Brass to become a perpetual part of this business ; then repeating the inscription, which reads — The brass is placed behind the pulpit, and close to the place in the choir where the late Miss Gratton always sat. During the dedica tion the choir and congregation remained standing. Canon Warner's text in the morning was S. James, I verse, 1 part — the words being : 'A servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ.' In an interesting manner he alluded to the apostle's definition of himself, suggest ing how the church became named after the apostle, as the parishioners had first decided its name was to be Christ Church — the aptness of the name for the building in which God's servants were to be trained for the present and future life, and he concluded his sermon by alluding to the dedication of tl:e memorial and worthiness of she who luul been so kindly remembered. The service of the Holy Communion followed, a large number of the congregation remaining. The rain which had fallen heavily during service had now cleared off, Ihu suu for a time coming out brightly. In the evening Bunnett's service was sung, and the morning anthem was repeated. An eloquent sermon was preached by Canon Warner from the text Ezra vi— 3 and 5. 