'TH-IE AUSTRALIAN NOVELIST. DAYS OF CRIME ANDx YEARS OF SUFFERING. AN AUTOBIOoi PUTY. Beprinted from" The Australasian" of 1857 by special permission.) CIIAPTER XIII. -(CorTIV-EDn. When the morning at length dawned one of tile policeman went and fetched my clothes to the watchl-house in a cab, nod I, ill the true spirit of professional vanity, attired myself in the best suit I hld. At my columitment I learned tile secret of my arrest. Jlust an hour before I had waited upon the bank managsr Mr. S. had been to the bank, and had trans ferred his account to another banking firm, so, of course, my little story, how ever plausibly delivered, was known to be an uttterfabrication. In heart, with the full view of the years ol doom before me. I was sad elnligh; but 1 nmalnged to suppress all emotton, and seemed to tthers to.regard tmy posi tion with the most perfect ,nonhelitice. I haIlpened to hear thethallker tell the in lspoalor of police that if -Mr. S. had not trrnsferred his accounts, the bank would hatrv paid the cheque without the slightest htu.itution. He said, too, that I had adilress enough to go through with any thing. This flattered my vanity, and I called out " Good-bye, I'm off to college; but when the vacation comes round I may perhaps pay you a professional visit with better results totmyself." The banker upon this advanced to to the cell door, told me (what was true eniough) that with all my c!ruvrness I was but a foolish boy, and then lihe seriously exhorted me in the years that were to come to apply imy talentas to good purposes. He spoke kindly to me, and I listened to him re spectfully, promising to remember his advice. 'o ioe ihe said, "God assist you t. be good ;" and to the inspector, "Give hit sounme dinner, and i'11 pay for it," and away lhe went. In my heart I was very wretched, but mly misery was not of a character to be followed by a healthier tone of mind. I surrowed not for my sin, but for its de tection. I was chagrined more than grieved. I was mnrtified to find myself outwitted--brought to justice by the ex cess of my own would;be- cleverness. - did not, perhaps, think much in those times, buthil sitnce then I have had an oll l:.rgcd and terrible experience in the pullr suit of criuse, and too well I know that the astutest inteillect, the best conceived plans," tile nicest calculatidns are, when applied t wrong- doing, all imlotent to avert the doom that follows sooner or later upon a career of wickedlesa. The villainyof to-d tymlay be detected through the contingencies of to-morrow, and trifles the most insignificant tmay secure the con viction of the crimnial. A French writer truly says, that justice may be vindicated by a straw. I hope my reader that you re hlonest, and will keep so; but if you are not, clever though you may be, the time is not remotely distant when, like myself, you will be caught and caged. -44.+-- CHAPTER XIV. N We aTE. Newgate. How suggestive the very word I Weat associations cluster round tue name I How the herres of tbhe-fauf?d-"?C leo:dlur" start into life at the very sound, and are FhionioinelfoTets in all their pris;lne glory i How it bears the memory beck to the good old times, and begtts a reverence for "The grand old law, the simple It.n, That lie should take who has the power, And he should keep who can." Ghosts glidebelore us as we breathe the mystic syllables,and Claude Duval, Captain Ilaheath, Jonathan Wild, and Jack Soeppard seem, in the spirit, present. New gate I thou great ehool for the improvement of the mind upon Ite mutual instruction_ syetemt thouworld of recondite mysteries; thou teacher of un. known tongues; with thy choico precepts and thy ptllect examples, with thy phdo eophical theories and thy daily practices, how many a youth bast thou filled with a spurious and misdirected tmulation, and bhen the means of raiiing to te most exalted station, thy records chronicling his fame, and the mansion itself becoming his mausoleum I Mare than or ci have I trodden thy passages where sleep the dead in their unepitaphed notoriety, and I have thought of the poet's words and found it easy to believe that there m:ght rest 'Some heart once pregnant with celestial fire ; Hands which the rod of empire might have swayed, Or waked to ecstacy the living lyre." I have often heard it said that simplicity should be twin to greatness, and I never was so forcibly struck with the truth of this remark as when the liveried footman of Her lMjeaty'd carriage handed me out at the door of Newgste. I had seen the out-ido of one or two of the modern-or model, if you like-palatial seminaries for ethical tution, and tte meretricious manner in which they were docked oua appeared to me to be a sort of carved commentary upon their own weak. n-se. But here, how ditllernt I No wide po: tal replete with architectural ornamenta. ione weIar opened for my reception. A little wooln wicket turned on its hinges, and in a moment the busy street was behind me, and a tumnkey, a second Daniel Lambert in ize stonibflore me with anot unpleaeant smile upon his fice. In thoce days photo. eaphy was not in the service of the prison, nea so my personal appearance and previous 'iLtary had to be ekulehed with pen and ink. tohi was done instatnner-fir feet secvn and * half, slender, light brown hair, grey eyes, fa r camp'exion, tend and write, Protestant, bhrn at FInchley, lMiddlsex, age sixteen, toct in prs?en b'ore for vagrancy, congenital bro,:: mark on right tide ncer upper ribs and the picturo wast complete. I was then i:tiolteid to the receptoLion ward, where .nore wrs alircady three inmates. I was by ao means appalled by the look of the place. I hbid been famiuliar worse in my non-pro. ,aio:ol days. '£Iere was accommodation ni'y for nini, if my memory serves me -,ghtly. The blee ping berths were contnined la Illte, st.Jlil Iramo, and there wer-co i,-t rig' i.ni a mit to each berth. The rd ctisoit.i a lie p'ace, but the wealther .r, war:i thl e wal t i of conrse no n fire. Oter e ie place w.e a be:t rudely carved, which ,s c.:mpanionoa '-eared me wsa a traditional .'euness ol Jack Shetpard. Above this wans * lr-, boairl, on whichi was a poanted notice .ir. any dolacieg or itjiry of the bookts .lec.d in the .rt weUld mi:t with punish. ,eat. fV/at bC:s Wre:e roefrreisto I cannot say, 1er ntvur raw any, coo-pt in ahapel, Sriing my i.j ourni in tea piion. There was o di;t-ry ielt hlani:in up by the side of the ,ard door, and a glance at this canvincad 'il that the t'rtie-loviog ci'ia auilho i .-ia had framed it io a syml'atheri spirit. I sbonuld !ik to mlnutely record their generous bill of Ifare, but my mnemory is treachorona. I know that the gruel teas nico and sweet, that the bread was good, and the mvot and potaloes eatierying. The przecise quutitlie I annot now aspecify. I only psased one night in the reception ward, and this I epent lietening to the nrrations of my companions, two of whom were in for pare.ing contericit co n, aod the oi ore for picking pocketc. I must admit, honcver, thlat their lanooage for the most part was in. eomprbernsible to me. The s.ickpolihot de crhbed how he fanned a bloak's kick, and then touched him of a dummy; that the bloak tumbled and gave out the pay; that he made tracks like winken; that the bleak con. tinned to give beefment; that a flat stopped him, and handed him over to a crusher; that he had slang the dummy; that the bleak rapt hard against him, and so be was fullied to the start, and was sure to get esven stretch on aecount of his formers. The two for the bad money talked about being out of date, smashng half bulls and counters, ringingthe changes, &,. I told them I didn't know the meaning of all their terms, and so, laughing at my greenness, they explained everything to me. I in my turn astonished them with some of my own doings, and they soon de. dlared I was no flat after all. In this man. ner pssecd my firet night in Newgate. The next morning, after the medical officer had examined me, I was placed in one of the ordinary day-wards of the prison. The ward, with the exception of being larger, was in all respects the same as the receptlion.ward. There was the fire place, and thnpainted board with tte book notice, the rack sleeping berths, the mate and the rugs. There were also two ta. bits and four forms, which I remember ex ceedingly well, as the forms were used for draught-boards, and the tables for playing at shove.hall.penny, buttons being used instead of halfpence. There were not more than fifteen prisoners in the ward, and when I en tered, eight of there were employed at a well. known prison game called " coddem." As I was well-dressed anddiffered a good deal in appearance from the general inmates of the place, attention was immediately directed to. wards me. I can bear testimony both to the zeal and ekill of some of my companions, for before I had been in the ward an hour my silk handkercbief, which I afterwards ascertained was a " belcher," had changed ownership, hlaving been adroitly filched from my pocket by some light- fingered artist in the "dipping" line oft the profession. I made a virtue of ncecssity, and bore the loss good-humoredly, and as I could tell a good story, I soon became quite a favourite with my companions. My priseanrquaintanceswere by nomeanslimited to thosercoflined in the same ward with me, for when we were out in the airing yard, which we were half the day, the inmates of three or four yards were together. I don't pretend that my virtue was much alarmed at the scenes I daily moved among; but I certainly was as. tonished that proceedirge such as I witnessed hour after hour should be allowed in a pri. eon. 'ublicly in the airing-yards lessons in crime were zealouslny taught on the mutual instruction principle. The burglar sketched spon the prison pavementthe instruments of has trail., and, with fluent tongue, explained their various nees. The shop-lifter explained the various methods by which his branch of the profession might be profitably pursued. The picklpocket was more apt in deed than in word, and gave practical instructions in " buzzing." In short I have no hesitation in saying that the zeal of the proe svors in this college was-so untiring;the-methods- -oin struction so varied and oo ept, the knowledge imparted so ax ended, that any person, with ordinary inteilect would, after a term or two. be qealified for a degree. Two prisonsns specially devoted themselves to me. One ase a young maeanot-much over twenty- goodioobki"g, tolerably well dressed, but altogether wi'hout education, uonderstanding the word merely in its sobholastic sense. He was one of the most expert piekpockets in London, and was known as "Sulivan the Wire." The other was a middle-aged man; had been three times transported, and boasted of it; knew every cant term of the prison, and could do something in all the branches of prigism; was a shrewd man of the world with a fair amount of intelligence; was a clever sophist in attempting to justify crime; carried on business in London as a "fence"; was awaiting trial for receiving stolen property, but, for want of saifilient evidence, was sure to be acquitted. These two companions were apt teachers, the one giving practical lessons, and the other en. forcing with a dangerous plausibility his favorite theories. Many an hour Sielivan busied himself with an earnestness worthy of a better cause in instructing me how to pick pockets. lHe was an adept at the busit. ness himself, and by constant practice I soon became as expert as heo-wae- I-have -ever exercised my shill for my own profit in the -world except on one oeasione-when, having had my pocket book taken from me on the Melbourne racecourse by one of a party of three, I followed them into a drinking booth, and in ten minutes had recovered my property and emptied their pockets into the bargain, a regular "diamond-out.diamond" affair. My other Newgate companion Johnson the fence-was, in his teachings, of a far more dangerous character. In favor of crime _he advanced the same eort of arot. ment that had occurred to myself. But there was this difference between us, however cun-. ningly I might entangle myself in my own sop. hisms, I was never completely deceived by them, but always had an innate conviction of their falsity. With Johnson it was other. wise. His mind was so utterly warped that he believed as he argued, and had no vision of the truth which lay beyond his own per. nicious doctrines. Faith, either in the false or the true, begets earnestness; and thus Johnson was a most earnest teacher, and, as a result, made many proselytes. Ili3 argu. mente on myself were thrown away, for I have never confounded vice with virtue, or attempted to justify to myself the evil I hbave committed. Johnson's knowledge of cant I largely availed myself of, and if I am now an authority in technical terms it is owing to his teachings. I composed several-flash rorge for the great master linguist, to be sung in the prison yard, but I now turn from them myself with loathing, and cannot suppose that the reader would do otherwise. Tneee comn. positions were more curious than edifying. It was thus that I passed the time in New. gate. But what could be expected? The activities of the mind will employ themselves, and in the absence of everything good they are sure to occupy themselves with evil. With no books, no occupation of any kind, it is not much to be wondered at that I and my fellow-prisoners discussed crime in all its ramifi.eationa, and were daily fiinig ourselves for still sereo guilty deeds on our return to the world than those for which we were then awaiting onur doom. -There was noattemptat ciaassification;,and as for some reason or the other the mon were frequently changed from ward to ward, by the time the sessions commenced I had made the acquaintance of nearly every committed pri. soner in the gaol. I thus had the criminal character before me in a variety of its phases ; and, young as I was, and quite as criminal as any there, I analysed it with a kind of philo sophical interest. Among the rankest weeds there were still flowers struggling for exost ence-in the natures the most depraved ro deeming traits were to be found. Moet of the crime around me was of prison growth, and the fountain- heads whence flowed all its streams were ignorance and poveaty, CHAPTER XV. lIltSON LIFE. The first week I was in Nowgate a boy not more tlhan ten years of age weras placed in my ward. lie was crying bitterly lwhen lee eltered the ward, and as nearly all the other prisoners laughed at whlat they termeed hIis snivelling, I attempted to soothe himt, and inquired the cause of thi tears. The little fellow told mo he had I been omployed as an errand boy at some miilitary tailhr's shop, and that one of the tmen hald given hitn a couple of epaulettes to take to seome place. As hIo was on the poinst of leaving the shop, the foreenan saw him weithl the articles, and asked what he was going to do with them. Ito told himi they had been given to him to take out for one of the imen; but when the man wavs referred to, he denied the state ment of tlheboy,anrd swvore hoe knoe nothing a;out t:h?on,. tcmna the man hlad ?-orked a log time in the lshop, and as his charac ter was good, the boy was disbelieved, given into custody, and committed for trial! I was quite convinced of the boy's innocence, but the jury arrived at a dif ferent conclusion; and the poor little _fel sow was sentenced to be imprisoned in Newgate for three months, and to be twice whipped. Tenl years afterwards a brutal murder was committed by twoyoung men near Sawpit Gully, in this colony. Both were condemned and sentenced to be executed. The name of one was Roach, I was then a prison-clerk in the lMelbourno Gaol, and I was in the habit of sitting up with those who were gallows-doomed dur ing the last few nights of their sojourn upon earth. Thus, I sat up with Roach. The last night he wrote a letter to Ene land to his father, which he handed me to read. It was a long, sad letter, but the saddest passage it contained was thin :--"I am guilty, very guilty, now dear father, and in a few hours I shall be dead ; but indeed, when I was flegcd and imprisoned in Newgate for stealing tIhe epaulettes, I was innocent and good. Yeu will believe me now, for God will judIe me soon, and I would not tell a toi in my last moments." On reading this pin sage it flashed upon use directly that Roach was the same little boy (and yet how dificrent!) wham I hlad confurited with kind words in Newgate ward, and I was right. When I mention, d the cir cumstance to himo with an intensity of mental vision that I have on other such occasions found to be possessed by those who stand on the verge of the grave, he looked back upon the far-off past and re called at once the minutest particulars of our first meeting. I was terribly affected at this sudden recognition; and pieturing to myself the poor waeeplinginnoceitUly whom I had pitiedin Newgate, and seeing the blood-stained unhappy being befar ? me whose last sun was eat, I was unablo to control my feelings and I sahled like a child. Ile, too, wept, and our ttsra mingled. The first kintdness that had visited his prison-life he had received at my hands, and the last consolaition, which in that dread hour only faith could give, I breathed. into his ear in the Saviour's words. I might, by way of episnole, give his story, but I have heard sio manly like it,' that to me it seems too cuomimn-place to narrate at length. It may be condensed into half-a-dozen lines. In Newgate he was familiarised with crime. contracted a prison-intimacy with one older !Iuan him self, was met by him outside the.prison, for crime wasshortlyaftcrarrestedla ain, was in the course of a few, months trans ported, had stlffered a good deal of punish ment in Vain Diemcen's Land, and, com pletely hardened in heart.had finally com mitted murder. Some time during the first week of my cofinemenit I was sent for by' the chaplain, and interrogated with refer ence to my previous history. lDy inter view was a very lunng one, for, as lhe told meu I could speak to hint in all confidence, relaitetLtahim layiwhle. history. 'At first lie scarcely believed me, hut after a pretty keen cross-examination I succeeded in convincing him tlhat my narration was perfectly trtuo. He addre' s"d me in very kind words, and appeared, by his iuanner, to be really sorry for tate. I could not avoid mentioning to him the fact of there being no books in any of the wards, and he said that the prisoners had destroyed them so frequently that the tprison aulthor ities seemed to think it nsehlese to supply any more. lie stated. ahowever, that hlie would make a ldemand for some entertain ing hbooks, and recolUmmend that they should lie issued to prisoners.personally, and not placed in the wards as leretO: f,,re,an mIthod whichlwoul l lend to individ oal responsibility, 'and thits cause ithe boitks to b e more varetutly uti;t- oni tira following day lie again aullt for me, and lent me, from his own privat' liblrary. a coupie of vminites--iRei on the .ltia'l aiid oLaCra 's_og Tlea Thc os.lborksn_..weru source of never-failitng enjotyment to tile, aalr Lusea do think thou when so little could tu:tke one happy, how foolish it was to conurit sin by wholesale, in the vain pursuit of happiness. During my stay in Newgate the chaplain sent for me, frta tiano to titue, and was always ready with a fresh boIok when I solicited the favor. The lier: Mlr. Davis, the then Ordinary of Nowgarte, was without doulbt a true servant if h al Heavenly 'laster,-adii i now frcard wirith grateful remenmbrance the Chriatian kind nesswhichheextended ta?nle. Surrounded as lie was by the worst elemtentsof Ihuni:nt nature, lie had faith inl Odl's power to re deetm. lte dealt largely in gentleness, knowing that "The rugged rock oft holds within its Deep hidh n, a fount of sweet and living water±. That needs huit thie soft power of some sweet ill[curlco To call it gu-hing forth." It was in Nxewgato that I had noticed the ceaseless craving which exists a.tiaogl prisoners for tobacco. It is in the ga:tl what mloney is in the world. Only pls sess tobacco, and you caiu comnnand tile services of those arountd you in any way you may wish. Far a couple of chews of tobacco I have frequently known a man to part with nea:rly the whole of his day's food. Of course it was in Newgate a pro hibited article ; but somehlow, despite the vigilance of turnkeys, it used to petnetrtee even toat e verycoildcmned cells. It was uo unusual thilng to see a iaan cutting off tlhe large buttons llf his coat, which in reality were round pieces of the narcotic weed lneatly covered. I have known worshippers tof thie rmighty nicotine principle sacrifict their last shirt in testimony of their own great devotion. Everything was appraised by a tobacco standard of value. "Bill's tog," one would say, "is worth three cosh of slult" A thild would be making anxious inquiries for sonme one to give hint " three parts of a cash for his satin aBenjamin." A hosh or cosh (thle orthography is uncertaint) of stuff is, ill plain words, a fig or plug of tobacco. I reametnber one day, lwhe to bacco wasan exceedingly scarcecomamndityd, Swaslaughingatthe woeful- lookingvisag of tlaoso around lme, lwho. unabale to obtain the least particle of the coveted weed, had very muchl the appearance of men who were going to be hanged. They were all so ill-temapered there wasno get ting even a civil word from any of them, and even the ordinary professional avaca tiotns seemed to he at a staildstill. The old lagy was dow lan on his Ilck, antd hadunl't a word to say. The lhousclreaking artist no longer sketchled his illustrationts iupon the yard p:avemeat ; and young Sullivani was so terrilly out of temper that he re fused to give me my daily lessoIII in the diplping line. To put them all in good humaor 1 managed to obtain a pencil and a bit of a white calico shirt, and I ecm posed "A cross chapas address to his Smate in a titme of great tobacco scarcity. I The lines were rubbish, whlich I should I be ashamed to repeat, but I did not think so at thle tiame. Ilaviag imaprovised the rhymting appeal to the charitable, I stuck it up in the yard, and it attracted the attention of the turhnkey. But the idiot had no soul foF thumor, and lhe introduced I both me and my verse to the goveraor, and I was lockedl upl for three days. To xx CotUniaEt Sunsan Coolidge is one of the few who have acieillla r:clI Ilomn literarv orkh. Lincu ago ste bhuilt a bhanoliame itate in Ne-.a port from thie pirofits ot hlcr stris. She is notablyj fond of childraen anid iarruts.--(No wonder,) 