[?] THE CRIMEAN SHIRT, BY E. W. HORNDNG. Author of "A Bride front the Bush," "The Rogue's March," "My Lord Dnko," &c;„ &c.; (COPYRIGHT.) It Is now rather more than 12 years since the disappearance nnd the finding of Henry, Powell, on Alooroolooloo Station, New. South Wales, nnd rather less since the sub sequent case In which I myself was per haps the principal witness. And I think that the time has arrived for' confessing that the evidence which I gave on that oc casion, -though Indeed "nothing but the truth," wns nevertheless not "tho whole truth" at all. I did not nnd I do not believe there wns a single being In thnt colonial court who would have credited the whole truth had I told It there nnd then upon my oath. Noe was It essential to the case. Nor did I care to return to the stntion, new chum ns I still was, with yet another handle for native- born buffoonery. But I am no longer the' storekeeper of Alooroolooloo: nnd I believe the public mind to be broader than It was In the matter of so-called ghosts. At all events, I am going to tell you for the first time what my own eyes saw, on a day and night In January, In the year 1881. I had been some six weeks in the Riverlna, nnd I wns nlone nt onr home stntion for the nlglit. The owner was paying us a visit. He and the mannger were camping at an out-stntlon 10 miles away. The overseer wns absent on his holiday. I had the home stead entirely to myself, for there was neither woman .nor child upon the place. Suddenly, between 0 nnd 10 o'clock, as I sat smoking aud thinking on the hack verandah, a spur jingled, and I mndo out the crinkled moleskins and the felt wide-awake of one of the men. "Powell tho .rnbbltei- is lost In the bush, mister," said lie. I sprang to my feet, for the news was like that of a man overheard at sen. "How long has he been out?" "Since yesterday morning." - : "But I tliojight he camped with old 'Wyllo at the Five Allic whim?" ' "So lie does." ' , "Then why didn't Wylle come In sooner?" "Ah, there you hit It,"' said my man. "Tiiat's what we've all been asking him; but ivyllie says his mate was given to stop ping odd nights at other chaps' camps, and he never thought anything of It till he didn't turn- .up' this evening. Even If ho hnd he couldn't have loft the whim, AVylle couldn't, with uo other water anywhere near, nnd the sheep drawing to the troughs from four pad docks. But lie's come In now, nnd he's up at tlie hut," If you like to see lilm." . And at the men's hut I found tlie wlilm driver, the centre still of an attentive group, but no longer, I thought, tlio tnrgot of ques tions and cross questions Implying criticism and blame. On the contrary, there was now every token of sympathy with the anxiety and distress of mind from which Wyllo was obviously suffering, and nt the sight of which I also could spare hlin some of the pity which I felt for the missing rnbbltcr. The wlilm driver was an elderly man, with brown wrinkles nil over his fuee, nnd grey whiskers parting at a baggy throat; but ho was still powerfully built, and a typical bush- uian with his eagle eye aud Ills strong bare arms. His eye, however, was liot with hor ror and remorse as it met mine, nnd the whole man twitched ns he told mo his talc. "If only I had guessed anything was wrong, Mr. Forrester," he cried, "I would have left tlio slieep In n infinite, though my billet depended tipon It. But he's so often " stopped away one nlglit that It novel' both ered me till the day wore on und he didn't come hack. God forgive me, I never even thought of telling the bosses when tlicy pass' cd this morning on tlielr way to tho out sta tion. Yet I might lia' known— I might ha' known. He was a sailor, poor Powell was, and sailors arc always tlie worst hushmcn. I've known him get hushed before, hut only for an hour or two. And to think of him being out all this time — In this bent, with not a drop ot water in the crab holes. He may — he may bo dead already — my poor mate, my poor nintc." With that ho turned his back upon us, In tlio most evident agitation, so that we thought It kindest not to refer to lilm in the brief council of war which the men and I now held together. It was promptly de cided that all hands should form a search party, to start ut daybreak,' with the oxccp- tlon'of Wyllo and myself. Wylle must return to Ills troughs. Aly knowledge of the country was as yet very limited, and therefore, 1 was the one who could host bo spnrcd to ride nt once to the out station, und Inform the "bosses" of what had occurred. The night horse was the only animal In the yard, but 1 took It to save time, and shortly after ton o'clock rode off with Wylle, our way coinciding at far as the wlilm. There wus no moon, nnd the night wag anything hut clear for that land of bright stars nnd cloudless skies. A hot north wind of several days' duration hnd flown sud denly Into tlio south, whence It wns now blowing linrd nnd clilll, so thnt I buttoned my eout lip ns we cantered side by side, arid took off my eyeglasses lest tlie rushing wind should lift them from my nose. We spoke very little ns we rode, though once more, when we drew rolgn nnd ninblcd for a little, my companion reproached himself for not having given an earlier nlnrm. It wns Impossible not to feel sorry for lilm, but equally Impossible to acquit him of blame, so I said very little in reply. When we cnmc to the .hut n dull "red glow burnt steadily within, and W.vllc sighed bitterly as he explained thnt lie hnd built lip tho fire before leaving, that Ills poor mate might find all comfortublo If some linppy clinncc should bring lilm hack. He added that he supposed 1 would push straight on, wlthont dismount ing; hut It wns cold,' and the glow' looked grateful, and 1 had slipped from the saddle I in i in mm i — . . before tlic words were out of his month. Next moment I uttered n loud cry. The door of the hut was at one end, to the left of the dying? Are,, and nt the opposite end were two low, rude bunks, one in each cor ner. On the foot of the right hand bunk, sat a figure I could have sworn to even without my glasses. It was the missing rabldter, in a red check shirt which. I had often seen him wear, and his face was burled In his hands. "Wylle," cried I, wheeling round on the threshold, "he has come' hack, and here he is— sitting on his hunk!" .' It was too dark for me to see Wylle's face, but lie tumbled rather than dismounted from his horse, and I felt him trembling as he brushed past mc Into the lint. I followed him, but daring the single Instant my hack had Been turned the rabblter had moved. He was not ou the buuk. Wylle kicked the logs into a blaze and then turned upon me fiercely. For the rabblter was not in the hut at all. "Whatdy'c mean," he wared, "by playing tricks on a cliap who's lost his mate? Out of my hut, yon young devil-out of my hut!" Never have I seen man more completely beside himself; lie was shaking from head to foot in a perfect palsy, and his clenched fists were slinking In my face. I assured liim I. lind played no conscious trick— It was my defective eyesight that must have played one on me. Now that I put on ray glasses I could see that the hut was empty but for our two selves;. thut.lt must have been absolutely empty" till we entered. Aud yet I could have ' sworn that I had seen the lost rabblter nurs ing his fiice at the foot of the right hand timik. Sly companion cooled down, however, on, becoming convinced" of my good faith, and In stead of turning mc out, seemed to sot ills heart upon explaining my fancied vision he- fore he would let mc go. Pictures from the illustrated papers had been tacked up over the rabliiter's bunk. One was the old colored print of Ited Hiding Hood, with the four trees like na elephant's logs; and Wyllo would: have it that the firelight glowiug on the child's hood had made the splotch of red which my nerves bad exaggerated into a Crimean shirt. To mc tills explanation seemed more ridi culous than tlio thing It sought to explain, but I had to admit that X could see but poorly without my glasses, aud indeed I was very ready to confess to some Inexplicable delusion on my part. So nt that wo left It, and I was glnd enough to turn my back on the Five-mile lmt, and to 'push on to the out. station at a hand gallop. , Mr. Arnilt, the owner, and Mr. Maekcson, his manager, were still sitting up, discuss ing ways and means of coping with the long- eon tlnued drought; nnd the owner was good enough to praise my promptitude 111 coming to thorn at onco. It was now midnight, ami after a little consideration It. was deckled that we should all lie down for a bit pre paratory to starting back n couple of hours before daybreak in order to take part In the search. For my part, I made myself very comfortable before the fire, with my sndtllc- for a pillow, and fell asleep la a moment. And; In another, as it seemed to mo, there was- Maekcson laying hold of iny shoulder \- and shouting 111 my oar that we were an hour late In starting as It was. Our owner, however, had long been unac customed to the hardships of the bush, and when the time came he could not face the keen edge of the day without his panulkln of tan and his bite of "browny." So the sun was on as before wo were half-way back- not the red ball of 10 ont of 20 Hlverlna dawnlngs, but a coppery disc like a new penny. Clouds of sand wore whirling in the wind, which had risen greatly In. the night, aud was rising still;, puffs of sand kept breaking from the plain to join the clouds; and we coughed, all three of us, as .we cantered neck and neck. "Do you think you could drive a wlilni, Forrester?" said Mr. Armit, drawing rein as we sighted the Five-mile, and suddenly turning to me. "X believe X could, sir. I have seen one working, and It looks simple enough." "It s as easy as it looks If you keep your tank nice aud full and feed your troughs regularly. Wyllo will show you all that's necessary In five minutes; the fact is, I think of leaving you in charge of this whim hero, slaee you can hardly know the pad- docks wcJl enough to be of lunch use In. the search, whereas Wyllo knows every Inch of the run. What do you say, Mr. Muekesou? It is for you to decide." "I agree with you, sir. But whore's the whim got to?" .- "Bless my soul!" gasped the other. "I wna afraid wo were hi for a dust storm, hut I. didn't think it would come so quick1" Indeed, we were In the thick of the storm already. Xt was hat a moment since hut and whim had disappeared In a whirl of deep yel low sand, and now tve could see- nothing, nt all beyond our horses' cars. Luckily we were not innuy hundred yards from the hut. "Give tliem their heads!" shrieked Maelce- bou, find, following his advice, we gained the hut before the sea of dust had. choked us utterly. It literally iiukled ou the corru gated roof, and we led in the horses after us, so terrible was the storm. The whim driver lighted a slush lamp and put the billy on tile fire to give us some ten. Everything In the hut wore a glistening yellow coal; there were layers of sand on our very eye lids, nnd what the owner squeezed from Ills heard alone made a little sandhill on the floor. , ''1'00.r Powell!" he suddenly exclnimed. Is the hardest luck of ail upon him. It will blot out his tracks. It will doubre the agonies of tlilrst he must already have en dured. I nin very mueli afraid that it will destroy our last chance of finding Iilm alive." And Mr. Arnilt looked reproachfully at .the wlilin driver, who was making the tea . with Ills hack turned to us, crouching pver ;the fire In an attitude so humble and so dis consolate that It would have been Inhuman as well as useless to find open fault with him now. For a few seconds there wns silence In. the hut, silence broken only by the con tinual tinkle on the roof, which, however, was louder than It lind been. Then of a sml- . den the man nt whom wo were all looking wheeled round, Bprang up, nnd pointed drama tleuliy to the rattling roof. "You are wrong— wrong— wrong!" cried' lie, hoarsely. "Listen to that! That's not sand . that's rain! All the worst dust storms , end so; it'll rain the best part of an inch -.before It stops; Instead of doing for him vtbls'H— save — his— life!" He looked from one to the oilier of us— half ' in. triumph, naif in terror still, I thought— '. then . down on his knees nnd hack to the boil- lug billy and: the sugar and the tea. I saw \- him throw a hnudful of eacli among the hul)- : hies— saw his' fingers, twitching as they spread— nnd I knew then that the whim driver's confidence was only lip deep.' But. a part of his prophecy caine true enough. It 'rained until the crab holes wore full of water — until there was drink enough abroad upon tlio plains to give tlio whim a good week's holiday. Long before it stopped, however, I had the Five-mllo hnt to myself, with that dismal rattle on the roof,, and -a dull fire of damp logs spitting, dlstrcssfully beaeath the great square chimney;' The troughs were not needed, and that was well tlicy were buried and hidden beneath a rhige of drifted sand,' and I was to clear them with the long' handled shovel, instead of driving tile wliiin. I can still see those three horsemen, bob bing Into Infinity behind the lances of the rain, and I sec myself, n lonesome, spindle shanked1 figure-, in- leggings tuid breeches aud the grey l'clt wideawake which still hangs on my wall; nnd I do not look, very happy as I stand nt the door of that hut, beneath the dripping corrugated eaves; but I do look a little elated and proud. I am going, to spend days and nights in a hut, 5 miles from any mortal soul, and I. am young enough to appreciate playing Itchiuson. Crusoe in oar- nest It will ljp a good experience to put In the next letter home. A good experi ence! The rain censed before noon,, when I had some lunch (for there was plenty to eat In Wylie's ration hag), and then, turned ont with the long handled shovel. My spirits rose in the open air. My own actions were less noisy and nerve disturbing than I bad found them la the lonely lint,, and I could look all around me as- 1 worked, with out constantly foreseeing the hut door dark ened by some apparition that might be wel come enough,, hut which must certainly startle mc when It camc. The events which I have already chronicled lay heavy on my nerves. I was only 10 years of age, and I was cursed with; Imagination.' Nothing, therefore, could have been hotter for mo than the play I made during the next few liourswltb the long handled shovel;. Nuw and then I knoeked off to rest my back and smoke a pipe: hut, once started, X stuck to my work pretty closely up to 5 o! clock by the old Wnltlinm watch in the leather pouch on my belt. Ami It punished; every muscle 111 mj" body ; tlic shoulders felt It its I plunged the shovel Into the heavy wet sand, the arms and shoulders as I swung It out loaded, while the strain upon hack, and legs was continuous. My task was the harder owing to the shovel: having been bent and blunted by some misuse; yet, so far from loathing It, I' wan never prouder of anything than the 23; yards of submerged trough which I uncovered and cleared that January afternoon. To tire the body Is tlic surest: way nt cleansing and purifying the mind, and I can honestly say that I returned to the hut without any morbid fancy in my head. In deed with no anxiety about anything hut the fire, which I had foolishly forgotten. Judge then of -the sensations with which I stood still on the threshold. The hut had no win dows, but the afternoon had turned out very flue, tlio sun shone merrily through a hun dred crevices, and there, on the foot of the same bunk, sat the lost rabblter, precisely as I had seen lilm sitting the night before. How long X stood, how long lie remained, I do not know. I remember a hollow voice calling his name. I remember the pattering of my own tottering feet, my nerveless fingers (Hutching tile empty air, my tremb ling body filing headlong on the other bnnk, and the sobs that shook it as it Iny. For then I know that Henry Towell wns already dead, and for the second time I had seen his ghost. Not a particle of doubt remained in my mind. I could not be mistaken twlce—I was perfectly certain that I had never been mis taken nt all. This time, however, there was no dull red glow to play conceivable trfeks In the darkness, for the fire was: ont, and it was almost as light in the hut as It was out side. Yet there I had seen hint, In the Self same attitude, ou the self-same spot, his linnds covering Ills face, his heard showing, between his wrists, his elbows planted on his thighs. I conld have counted the cheeks in his Crimean slilrt, and this time tbe glasses were still upon my nose. Yes. I was absolutely certain of what 1 lind seen, and that very certainty wns now my consolation. The worst Is worst of all before It happens: and the knowledge that I had seen a ghost was much more support able than the doubt as to whether I had seen one or not. The gliost could, not hnnii uie after nil; Instead of sympathising wli-h myself, X should grieve for the poor fellow who was ulready beyond the rench of suc cor. Had tlioy found lilm yet? IXnd' they fouud the body? And, if so, would the whim driver return to his post nt once and set me free? My heart lleat fast with the liope, in defiance of my head; I might reason with myself that a poor ghost was no lit com panion, hut how I longed to get away! Even then, however, my courage failed me . in another place. Who wonid believe iny yarn? 8u I stayed where- X was— and have hold uiy tongue till now. Sundown roused me, for I must have my tea, ghost or no ghost, and to make ten X must relight the fire. Here ail obstacle con fronted and ultimately vanquished me. There was a wood heap outside, but, of course,, tbe wood was damp, aud though I looked for the axe to chop to the dry heart of Die wet logs. I had' not. found It when night fell hastily, forcing me to abandon tlio search. So I went without my tea, hut ate with what appetite I had. and washed down the mutton and damper with pannikins of water from the 000-gailon tank outside. X had lighted the "slush lamp" (mole skin wick In tin of mutton fat), and I sat watching the foot of the dead man's hunk as I ate, hut up further vision Interrupted my monl. And afterwards, when X wns smoking niy pipe 111 the oiicn air, I would look In every few minutes, and past where the light wns burn ing, for I hud nn odd idea that I must see the apparition thrice. And I wish. I had. Yet of what I saw twlcfa I am ns positive now us I wus then. It was n magnificent night; the rain lmd drawn the fever from the sun-baked plains, anil left oven that clear air clearer tban X had known it yet. Every star was a dia mond In the dark blue vault, aud my little pipe made the only clouds between earth- and heaven.. Often as X filled It, I had to light It still oftcner at tlio Uauie which I had lert burning In the hut, for I was rapt In thought. You are nowhere nearer to God than when, alone lu tile bush beneath the uu- dlrauied tropic stars. I cannot say what brought It home, to me, or by what chain of thought I chanced ou the conclusion, hut all nt once I stood still and knew that the luuid of God was In the apparition which I bad seen. Xt meant something. . What did It mean? 'There must be some reason why I alone and. not Wyllo, for ex ample, hud been made to see the lost man sitting Oil Ills bunk. Then what could that rciison he? - I thought, aud thought, nnd thought, saun tering round and round tlio hut the while. At Just, I entered, but not to light my pipe. I do not know what I meant to do; I only know- wiint I did. I walked to the foot of Howell's bunk, and sat down where I had seen. Powell sitting, with a vague feeling, I believe, that lu that spot and In bis own attitude iny spirit might receive some subtle communication from that of the rabblter. What l-dld receive was a tumble; for the foot of the blink gave way- beneath. nie,-niid I found myself deposited- on. the ground I-V stead; Yet. lie,-, whom I hail seen slLtlug there, hud been, in life- a much heavier man than myself! These hunks, or bush bedsteads rather, nre constructed .upon universal and very simple lines. Four uprights are driven, into tlio cai-Lli floor' of the hut or tent, and then connected, by horizontal poles with sack cloth slung- across. 'The result eouihiues- the merits of both, bed ami hummock; bat the uprights must bo firmly rooted In the ground, and I soon saw the explanation of the present downfull; the" ground- was. alt loose at the foot of tile lost man's bed, and the- outer upright laid gone down like a uliiepin beneath my weight. h'or- the moment I was merely puzzled. 'The ground lind worn so hard elsewhere in the hut that I could not Imagine why. It should; begin to crumble In this particular conieu; I reaeUed the: slush lump- and peered under the middle of the: bod. There It was. the same — as- soft as a sand hill— but roceutly flattened with n shovel. I saw the concave marks, Aud suddenly X leaut hack, and got up quietly, but with the perspira tion running cold from every pore, for now I knew why the visible form of Henry Howell had appeared to ma -twice upon the foot of his bed. It wns to tell me that ills mur dered remains. lay hurled beneath. Now X knew why Wyllo lind pretended to be behindhand' in. bringing. In. his- news; . It was that we- might tliluk his mate really lost, and he ourselves so full of blame for ail error of judgment that there 3liuidil ho no room ill- our minds for- deadlier suspicions. Now X understood ills rage aud horror when. I cried out that there was Powell come back. — Ids subsequent anxiety to explain away my vision. And the missing axe— what had it cfoue that he should hide it? and the long- ': bundled shovel— I knew what had blunted and bent It now!' I .remember mechanically looking nt my : watch, and yet not seeing the time. I re- : member looking again, aud It was not quite I half-past 0. The time goes so slowly when . one is alone, and uddtUgbt begins so soon; ibut 1 was thankful It was earlier than X lind thought. Now I could make sure— It would all bo less ghastly than in the veritable dead of nlglit— and then to the station with my news before anybody was in bed. The- miscreant Wylle! IIow well lie had nciod his diabolical part — in there at the men's hut— ont here before the owner aud the. manager! Indignation at his bloody villainy became my first emotion, and. it nerved me. mightily. I tore away the poles and the sacking, and the soft earth, rose- tn. II mound — It had all been put back. I ran for tbe long lumdled shovel, nnd, urged on by my boiling blood, I began to dig, God knows bow I went on! A hoot stuck out first, aud when I felt it there wns a fuot : inside. It was. scarce 18 Inches below the ground. Next 1 uncovered tlic Crimean- shirt. 'That was enough for mo. As I bent, over It with the light, and blew away tile sand, I saw hero and there the red cheeks (no plainer than ill uiy vision, how- ever), but the most of tlietu were blotted, out by a dark, stiff stain, X delved no deeper; tills wns Indeed enough. I turuud away, deadly sick, without rising from my kuces — and there was Wylle himself watching me from the door! I set the light down on the table— that, at any rate, was between us — and X looked up at hi ui from my knees. Ho was glariug down on me with the most ferocious expres sion, every wrinkle writhing, and tlmt loose pouch, nt his throat swelling as If with venom for spitting In my face. But, so far as I could see, lie was unarmed; his bony right hand rested on what Ltaak-'ffi--be--thu handle of a stick, and, luckily , flidjiiug. luuT-- died shovel lay within »6aeJnof.inl£ii.C ': 1 was the first to speak. / V' "I have found him,' (paid k U , || iij , . . > "More fool you," ; X U h JUll; 0 .) "Why so? I am adl-L'iglitciicd of yon." "Not frightened to die'? -SC-r -C. "Not parlieuinriy; you'll' fi>il(i?v: mcsdoji- enough. One murder you coaht-outyAiimctiul one day, und how loug are you. going to con- eon! two? Besides, you've got to kill mo first!" Aud X was- on my legs with the long shovel in botli lmnds. "That's soon, done," he answered with a laugh, and then X saw my mistake. What I had taken for a mere stick was the missing nxc. lie must lmve hidden it somewhere out side, and, after first catching me at work, stolen away niul come hack Willi it oil tiptoe. Now lie tool; two. strides into the but, and, as tlio axe came up over his shoulder and bung there, I saw blood stains on the blade. 'The sight of them' delayed, me at the critical In stant; yet l lunged as he Btruek, then star ted back, and the axe head spilt tlirough the table as though It had been a cigar box. With, a curse lie- wrenched It free, but I was oil him first, and round uud. round we went, and over and over, until X had the wretch, at my mercy in the very grave which his owu hands had dug. At my mercy, because he lay as one paral ysed when he found his body stretched out on that of his victim;, but how loug that would have lasted I do not care to conjec ture. He was stronger than I, though less active, and I think that Ids strength, must soon have come hack tenfold. It bail uot done so when I cnugn, ,iiu beat of the sweet est music I have over heard— the music of eight cuiitering hoofs drawing nearer and nearer to the lmt. The slush lamp lmd fallen aud gone out when the nxe fell, but 'my eyes wore search- lug for that villain's eyes In the darkness, and I would Unvc given something to see them us the music fell ou his curs too— as the horsemen's spurs jingled on the ground' outside and then in the hilt. 'Is Wyllo here, Forrester?" cried the ma nager's voice. "He Is." "We suspect him of having murdered To- well himself.". "He has done so. Strike a light, and you shall sec thein both." But at tho trial I Bald nothing of my two visions, for, as I lmve stated, I had not then the moral courage, and the case was com plete without that. My story begnn when the bed collapsed beneatb me— that was ail- so terrified wns I of making myself a dis credited laughing stock. Now I do not care; nor do I think there will be so many, disbe lievers. At all events, I have relieved my mind by telling tlio whole truth at Inst— so help me God. This I think Irrelevant-, hut those who are Interested, mid who do not know It, mny ho glad to learn that Wylle, the whlni driver; lived to die- as he deserved. (The End.) 