PUGILISM. PETER JACKSON DEFEATED IN THREE ROUNDS. The old story which is sometimes told about an old boxer meeting defeat at the hands of a younger, bnt less scientific man, was repeated when Peter Jackson, the dark-hued heavy-weight, who had previously never known defeat in the ring, met Jim Jeffries at Woodward's Pavilion, San Francisco, Cal, on the night of March 23. The bout was scheduled for twenty rounds, but it only went three, and after the first round Jackson hadn't the ghost of a chance. In the third round he was so helplessly beaten that the police interfered, and the referee gave the decision to Jeffries. Jeffries was the favorite in the betting, which ^ps about 10 to 7. Jackson had left nothing undone in the way of training, and when he entered the ring he was in as good condition as a man would want to be. As a drawing card, San Francisco has had nothing like this fight for years, and the Pavilion was crowded to the limit, with not only men, but women. At nine o'clock to the minute, Jeffries was seen forcing his. way ringward through one of the aisles. He was accompanied by his trainer, Billy Delany, Spider Kelley, and Dewitt van Court. He received a cheer, but it was nothing to the welcome that greeted Peter Jack son as he pushed his way, smiling, through the ropes. Peter and Jeffries bowed to each other like a pair of Chesterfields, then Peter bowed his way to his corner across the canvas. Master of Ceremonies Kennedy introduced Jim M'Donald, the referee, while the fighters were fitting on their tan-colored gloves. M'Donald, who is very popular, was loudly cheered, and as goon as the heavy weights threw aside their big coats, it could be seen -that Jeffries wore dark blue trunks with a red belt and short black stockings rolled down to the ankles. Jackson had on white trunks and white stockings. The bodies and of both men were bare. -Even while in repose in his chair, Jeffries" muscles were big and bunchy, Jackson's were fiat and flexible. Peter's dark skin fairly shone. He appeared unconcerned, while Jeffries had .a decidedly nervous look. Round 1.—Both men went cau iomsly to the centre. Jackson stood in the middle of the ring, feinting, and Jeffries worked'in a circle around him. Finally Jeffries tried a left swing for the head. Peter raised his left guard, and the blow touched the tip of his glove. Jackson feinted a couple of times, and Jeffries backed away. The a Jeffries rushed, lashing out with bis left, and Peter ducked under the blow. They clinched, and both br< ke away. Jeffries held his left guard high and pressed in, making a drive for the heart. He barely touched Jackson's ribs, aDd Jackson struck him a right-hand* r in the body before he could draw out. Jeffries landed a right swing on the neck; Then he rushed Jackson to the ropes, landing his left on the neck again. They clinched. Jeffries rushed, and Jackson threw aside a left, and put a hard right under the heart. Jackson stepped in close, and drove his right in at the heart again. They clinched. After the break Jeffries swung his left on the ear, and Peter his right on the body. Another clinch. Peter put in a straight left between the eyes. Jeffries grinned, and kept away for a moment. Then Jeffries sent in a straight left on the stomach. Jeffries rushed two or three times in succession, and was met with solid right punches under the heart. They were clinching at the call of time. Jackson's body blows were the cleanest landed. Honors were even. Round 2.—Jackson took the centre of the ring again, and Jeffries woiked around. Jeffries swung with his left, but was short. Jackson put in a straight left on the face, and was countered with the left. Now they mixed it, Jeffries landing his left on tie side of Peter's face, and Peter putting in hot ones with his right under. the heart. There were a go 3d many clinches, but the men broke at the word froaa the referee. Jackson directed his blows mainly to the heart. He ducked some swift left-handers from Jeffries. Peter sent in a straight left stab on the mouth, and backed away to the ropes to get out of the way of Jeffries' rush. Jackson ducked cleverly under some left-handers from Jeffries. The crowd cheered wildly at every duck. Peter put i i a lother jarring left on the face, and Jeffries dropped his hands and backed away. Jackson accepted a left on the jaw in order to get in another of his heart blows, Jackson stepped too close to put in a heart blow, and Jeffries struck him with a left on the jaw. Peter dropped and rolled on his back. He was dizzy and hurt. He got up in about seven seconds, and Jeffries waited quietly for him. Jeffries swung his left again, catching Peter on the chin, and again Jackson went down on his back. He rolled to tbe ropes, and was pulling himself to his feet when the gong sounded for the end of the round. Jeffries' friends were cheering wildly, and Jackson was dizzy as he was dragged to his corner. He recuperated after the minute's rest. Round 3—Jeffries was full of confidence. He did not try to guard Jackson's heart blows, but swung with his left for the face. Jackson got in one heart punch and took a hard left on the jaw. Again Jackson tried with his right for the body, and Jeffries landed several hard left-handers on the face. Jackson was all but gone. He staggered, but kept his feet. Jtffries kept hammering Jackson on the face with lefts, and Jackson tottered back to the ropes. An extra left-hander from Jeffries placed Jackson in a sitting posture in the lower rope. His head was drooping. He was powerless and helpless, and the referee stood between the fighters. The police stepped into the ring, and Jackson was helped to his corner. 