POETRY HOW THE FIRE QUEEN CROSSED THE SWAMP. The flood was down in the Wilga swamp, three feet over the mud, And the teamsters camped on the Wilga range and swore at the rising flood; For one by one they had tried the trip, double and treble teams, And one after one each desert-ship had dropped to her axle-beams; So they thonged their leaders, and pulled them round to the camp on the sand- hill's crown, And swore by the bond of a blood-red oath to wait till the floods went down. There were side-rail tubs and table tops, coaches and bullock drays, Brown with the Barcoo Wonders, and Speed with the dapple greys Who pulled the front of his waggon out and left the rest in the mud At the Cuttaburra crossing in the grip of the Ninety flood. There was Burt with his sixteen bullocks, and never a bullock to shirk, Who twice came over the Border line with twelve-ton-ten to Bourke; There was Long Dick damning an agent's eyes for his ton of extra weight, And whistling Jim, for Cobb and Co., cursing that mails were late; And one blasphemed at a broken chain and howled for a blacksmith's blood, And most of them cursed their crimson luck, and all of them cursed the flood. The last of the baffled had struggled back and the sun was low in the sky, And the first of the stars was creeping out when Dareaway Dan came by. There's never a teamster draws to Bourke but has taken the help of Dan; There's never a team on tho Great North Road can lift as the big roans can: Broad-hipped beauties that nothing can stop, leaders that swing to a cough; Eight blue-roans on the near-side yoked, and eight red-roans on the off. And Long Dick called from his pine-railed bunk: "Where are you bound so quick?" And Dareaway Dan spoke low to the roans, and aloud, 'To the Swagman's, Dick!" "There's five good miles," said the giant, "lie to the front of you, holding mud; If you never were stopped before, old man, you are stopped by the Wilga flood. The dark will be down in an hour or so, there isn't the ghost of a moon; So leave your nags in the station grass instead of the long lagoon!" But Dan stood up to his leader's head and fondled the big brown nose, "There's many a mile in the roan team yet before they are feed for the crows; Now listen, Dick-with-the-woman's-heart, a word to you and the rest: I've sixteen horses collared and chained, the pick of the whole wide West, And I'll cut their throats and leave them here to rot if they haven't the power To carry me through the gates of Hell— with seventy bags of flour! The light of the stars is light enough; they have nothing to do but plough! There's never a swamp has held them yet, and a swamp won't stop them now. They're waiting for flour at the Swagman's Bend; I'll steer for the lifting light; There's nothing to fear with a team like mine, and—I camp in the bend to- night!" So they stood aside and they watched them pass in the glow of the sinking sun, With straining muscles and tightened chains—sixteen pulling as one; With jingling harness and droning wheels and bare hoofs' rhythmic tramp, With creaking timbers and lurching load the Fire Queen faced the swamp! She dipped her red shafts low in the slush as a spoonbill dips her beaks, The black mud clung to the wheels and fell in the wash of the Wilga creek; And the big roans fought for footing, and the spreaders threshed like flails, And the great wheels lifted the muddy spume to the bend of the red float- rails; And they cheered him out to the westward with the last of the failing light And the splashing hoofs and the driver's voice died softly away in the night; But some of them prate of a shadowy form that guided the leader's reins, And some of them spoke of a shod black horse that pulled in the off-side chains— How every time that he lifted his feet the waggon would groan and swing, Andi every time that he dropped his head you could hear the tug chains ring! And Dan to the Swagman's Bend came through mud-spattered from foot to head, And they couldn't tell which of the roans were blue and which of the roans were red. Now this it the tale as I heard it told, and many believe it true When the teamsters say in their off-hand way—'' 'Twas the Devil that pulled him through. —"Fair Girls and Gray Horses." The bishop of London has n most act ive co-worker in Mrs Crcighton. Thcro is n nicked legend that nfter addressing a meeting of working-claw mothers 'on their homo duties, Mrs Creighton over heard ono of them thus commenting to her gossip :— ' Yes, 'twas all very hue j she's a uico lady and a nrstckss spenkor, but I should liko to nak her this : ' 'S'hat dues uho do when old Creighton comes home drunk )' ' It is also Authentic that this tale «u tojd to it very serious clergy man of thu London diocosc. His face grew very long, and ho Hiked in sepulch ral tones, ' But docs tho Bifdiop ever como homo ? ?' lTioro is another amusing story concern ing the Bishop. When Dr. Crcighton had been ofToreu the Bishopric of London a lady chanced to meet iiis diiughtcr in tho streets of Potomtmrouch, and, being upon terms of intimacy which justified the question, asked whether Dr. Crcigh inn had accepted. ?? Well, \ don't know,' tho .young lady replied ; 'nil I can say is that papa is in the study praying for cuidanco, nnd mamma is upstair* packing the trunks. ' So many now attractions aro being added to'tlia'fyUiiey cycloramatliatwhi|e tho central one in tho marveltnus panor ama; of Jerusalem continues as fresh as evor, it is fast becoming a veritable hall of wonders for Visitor* nnd sightseers. The, hall in which tho illusions nnd other romarluvhlo cntertsinmonts aru given has recently been enlarged to more than twice its former suio, and the management aro to be congratulated upon the'ntcady suc cess which. has. attended their efforts to cater ? to' the public?1 ? Outildc of tho theatres' Ihcro is' no entertainment in Sydney equal to the Sydney 'cyclorsina, and no visitor t-- Sydney during the coin ing holiday* nhiiuhl foil to go and «oa the now attractions which hare recently lieen «dd-d. ?. .?.?-?; -.'V 