A RUSSIAN AND A HERO. STEERING A SHIP THROUGH A ZONE OF FIRE. TBv Fred Whishaw.1 'Have any of you fellows experienced a fire at sea ?' asked Burlton, one of our party at the camp tire. 'No?' lie continued, as the rest of us continued to smoke in silence or gravely shook our heads ; it appeared that none of us had ''enjoyed an escape' of this particular nature, 'No? Then, if the skipper approves, I'll tell you a little experience of mine which may interest you, and which, at any rate, will go to prove what 1 have always believed to b3 the case, namely, that Russians — or, at any rate, picked Russians — are among the pluckiest of human beings.' The skipper graciously approved of the sub ject as an orthodox escape-story, provided that) the teller had really escaped ? 'Of courso I escaped,' interrupted Burlton, 'or I should not be here.' ' ? escaped death,' said the skipper sevorely, 'from a real danger. Was there danger ?' 'You shall soon judge of that,' replied the other. 'By Jove 1 danger !— as much aa I care of it, anyway, and perhaps a little too much. It was like this. 1 was over in Russia for the holidays ; I had been fishing in Fin land, where I have an uncle who has an estate with the loveliest trout-fishing on it that ever eye beheld. I wanted to get back to St. Petersburg, so I shipped on board a little naphtha steamer at Kexholme, rather than journey back to town all the way by rail.' The little steamer (Burlton continued) was fairly crowded with passengers, uncomfortably so, and I didn't enjoy my trip until presently, while taking a little luncheon at the refresh ment bar, I made the acquaintance of a very young naval officer, named Nikiforof, a Russian, who from this moment appreciated and personally conducted me, keeping me entertained (in English, which he spoke ex cellently), and enabling me to travel in com fort for the rest of the journey by tha simple means of inviting me to share.the captain's cabin on deck, though I believe he really enjoyed about as much right to the sanctuary as 1 did, and that was none whatever. Howover, lie seemed quite at home, and was just ia tho middle o! an amusing description of those absurd-looking circular ironclads known as Popofki, when suddenly there arose an up roar and confusion among the crowds of pas sengers outside. 'Ha!' said Nikiforof, 'someone over board ; the deck was crammed, and just one more man must have come up from beiow and overflooded it. Let's go aud see for ourselves.' But when we reached the deck there was not much doubt as to the cause of all the commo tion. All the passengers wore scurrying and crowding forward towards the bows of the vessel, while from the open hatches of the engine-room there issued clouds of smoke ; and, as we watched, out scrambled, with the smoke, the two frightened engineers, Finns, shouting and blubbering to the effect, I suppose, that the ship was on fire — of which fact all were well aware already without their frenzied efforts. Tho captain, another Finn, did not lose his head. He hurried the already scurrying crowds forward, shouting that) there was no danger if all would keep their heads, aud screaming at the same time to the man at tho wheel to head the vessel for shore at the nearest point. The rnau obeyed, and in a moment our gal lant ship was scudding madly shorewards. ' How far is it from land ? Ask the skipper how far it is,' I cried to my new friend. I was, I daresay, quite as frightened as the rest, though I hope I did not give myself away quite so cheaply as most. Nikiforof passed my question to the captain in Finnish, but that agitated official wa.3 too busy to liBten ; and when he repeated it the Finn replied that ha might go forward with the rest or po to perdition, if he preferred it, but not bother him ; if we could reach the ahure we should reach it ; and if it proved too far away, so much the worse for those of us who could not swim. Nikiforof shrugged his shoulders. ' It looks about eight miles,' he said; 'I should say we might just about do it, if we are luckv and if the engines work so long. It will be a 'very near thing, one way or tho other — can you swim ?' I replied that I could swim fairly well. 'Then take my advice and jump out as far as you can, if it oomes to swimming,' he said. 'Go deep down at first and swim away from the struffglers, dive beneath them, or you'll get clawed or pulled down.' 'I hope it won't come to that,' I said. 'But would it be quite decent to swim away and leave a whole shipload of passengers to drown ?' 'My good sir,' said Nikiforof, 'do you think you could tow the ship's company and all the passengers for a little matter of a mile or half a mile ? Do you think you could 6wim home with, say, two old women and a child clinging to you? or even one child? If so you must be a remarkable Bwimmer. If it were one hundred yards I might seize one struggler and do my best to save her ; but if it were a mile we had to swim I should let everyone of them be. Take my advice and do the same.' I did not think tho advice very manly or noble, and set down friend Nikiforof as distinctly wise in his generation, albeit a bit of a coward ; but I was destined to alter my opinion of him, and that in a wonderfully short space of time. II. We had made our way forward during this conversation and now stood at the outer edge of the crowd of passengers, huddled for all the world like a flock of sheep in the bows of the vessel. The smoke from the engine-room hid the stern of the ship from us ; but we oould see that ib blew aft, as ib naturally would on a calm day with the ship soudding at t.his rate of speed forward. ' It can't be very pleasant for the man at the wheel,' I said presently, for all the smoke nnd heat seemed to be going his way. ' What's tho skipper up to ? Just look at him !' 1 added almost immediately after. The captain, standing between us and the smoke, seemed to have gone suddenly mad. He was shouting and fiestieulating towards the stern, whore tho stuersimn stood alone ab his post, and ho now rushed to tho mast, where hung two or three lifebuoys, one of which he detached and threw into the sea. ' Good heavens !' I. ejaculatod, ' the ina'.l at tho wheul has deserted his post and goua overboard.' 'Frightened by the smoke,' added my friend. There was immediate confirmation of tha correctness of our conclusion, for the little steamer suddenly veered to tho left, taking a line at first diagonally for the shore, but cur- ? ving out gradually and tending round in a circle. It was plain to the meanest understanding1 that sho was drifting helpless and helmlcss, and that at this rate we should never reach the shore, or any shore save that; of tho river Styx. What became of the ill-fated sailor at tha wheel was never known, excepting that terror overwhelmed him aud he sprang overboard. He was never heard of again, I believe, from that moment. Meanwhile the skipper was making a plucky and praiseworthy effort to rush the smoke and dames, and reach tha wheel. He was a rude man, as ho had shown us a few minutes before, but he was no coward. Twice he tried to force his way through the heat and suffocating fumes, and. ab the third time his clothes caught, and he rushed back to us a pillar of fire. Someone, with commendable presenco ol mind, produced a rug and wrapped it round him, extinguishing tho flames quickly enough, for they had scarcely caught. But the skippei was useless after this, the fright having entirely unmanned him. He sat on the deck and cried like a child, talking to himself like one suffering from delirium ; a pitiful sight, and a terrible spectacle for the passengers, many of whom were already half demented with terror. But there was a matter far more urgent than the collapse of the skipper, and that was the immediate noces?ity to replace the man at the wheel, for unless someone was found at once to steer the ship shorewards in half an hour or so wo should all be under the alternative of squeezing into the little dingey, or diving into the lake several miles from shore— in other words, drowning ourselves — or of staying on board to be burned alive, or, if we were lucky, suffocated by the smoke before the terror of the llames should reach us. The steamer was scudding wildly and aimlessly about, now heading for shore, now right away from it. Yet no one volunteered for the post of coxswain, because between the wheel and tha rest of us lay the fire and the deadly vapors. Nikiforof nudged me just about this crisis. 'Look here,' he said. 'Will you stand by with a rope and a lifebuoy if I try to swim back and climb aboard behind the fire? You could haul me back in case I can't) clamber up.' It was a noble idea. Why had not I, aa Englishman, thought of it before this Rus sian? 'Let me do it,' I said. 'I am a strong swimmer and a good climber ? ' 'Don't waste time, please,' said NikiforoL 'I thought of the plan, and it is I ^thafc must carry it out ; besides, I am used to steering. Come, will you help '!' He was taking off his boots as he spoke. Ol course I would help, though it struck me thai standing by with a rope in a position of safety, and throwing out a lifebuoy in case he should not succeed in gaining a footing, was not ? very glorious part to play in the enterprise ! Nikiforof did not wait for a reply. He laid hold of a- coil of rope, gave me an end of itv and sprang into tho water. He was well astern of tha ship, of course, in a minute, for we were travelling fast ; but tho rope held all right, and he clung fast to it, and with tha help of one or two others I &oon; hauled him back to tho side of the steamer. Luckily enough there was a piece of cord with a colli sion buffer hanging over the side, and Nikiforof caught hold of thiB and clambered on board. A minute later the ship's course was set right, and we headed onci again for tho shore, amid the cheers and sighs of relief and the loud prayers of the passengers. I did not envy poor plucky Nikiforof his position, though I would have bought hia pluck at any price ; for obviously the smoke and flames must lie almost unendurable whew he 6tood and held tho wheel. He was, ot course, invisible from where we stood, for there was an impenetrable screen of smoke between us and him ; but the ship headed straight for shore aud kept its course, and this was proof that, at whatever cost to himself, he still stuck to his post like the grand fellow he was. But a very unpleasant discovery was mada about this time. The firo was cuting backwards towards us, as well as forwards towards tha stern. It was eating away the deck behind tha engine-room hatches, and was now just catch ing the skipper's little deck cabin or chart-room and gutting that. I gazed earnestly enough towards the shore. We were nearing it fast, and appeared to be travelling at a terrific rate. The naptha fuel had probably overflowed, and was burning furiously all round the boiler, so that we flew along at double pressure. If only we could journey on without explosion for twenty minutes or so straight for the shore, as now, we should probably be safe. But then we must be steered straight to cover the distance in that time, and the question was, could Nikiforof at the wheel endure tho heat and horror of it for twice ten crawling minutes? I doubted it. How could he or any man? Tha heat must be almost at roasting-point by this time whero he stood. The marvel was thai he had stuck to it even so long as this. But the littlo steamer continued to speed along straight as a line for the shore, while tha minutes crawled by and the suspense became almost unendurable, and the heat very un pleasant, and men groaned and women shrieked and crowded away from the terror f but on went the ship straight for the grassy bank that opened clearer and clearer before ur with every yard covered. Now we were but a mile away, and now bu( half a mile. Still, even now, there was room and time for every one of us to drown or burn. III. The excitement was intense. Men were on their knees praying aloud, and women also. Someone had found the deck-hose and wai playing it over the crowd to lessen the grow ing heat of tho flames, which neared us terriblj fast. And jnsfc at this crisis we observed— and a wail of despair went up at the discovery— that the course was altering, and we no longei ran straight for shore. Poor Nikiforof had succumbed, then, at last ! But the oirole whioh the vessel must now describe would Btill fetch us up at the shore, 1 quickly calculated, though at a point further down the coast. For us it was only a matte* of a minute or two longer of the terrible but still endurable heat, and of tho suspense ; but Nikiforof — what had beoome of him ? Had he actually allowed himself to be burned or suffocated at his post? Had he flung himself, scorched and blistered, into tho water, unable to bear his heroio self- sacrifice to tho bitter end, and preferring to die by water rather than by the pitiless flames that had already inflioted upon him all the bitterness and agony of dying without the mn-'vSjjJ, finality of death? : ? Nevertheless, we who crowded and oowered ? in the bows were not deBtined to escape, even yet, unscathed. The added five minutes were just sufficient to brine the flames bo near to our sanctuary that the heat beoame unen durable, and many persons throw themselves into the water and swam, or tried to swim, to shore, rather than endure it for the last few minutes. During this period a dozen or more were drowned. , I was one of those who preferred a plunge into the cool water to further semi-roasting. I also had a faint hope that I might catch sight of poor Nikiforof struggling shorewards and give him a helping hand. With this object I swam out a certain distance before heading for ' the shore, cruising about to search for the man to whom everyone of us owed his safety ; but I saw no sign of him. As I turned at length and swam in I caught Bight of our ship. She had grounded now in 4 ft. of water, and the passengers were swarm ing out of her and scrambling and splashing to ehore with shrieks of joy and delight. The steamer seemed ablaze from bow to stern, and it was a marvel that a single life had been saved. The extreme stern, wheel and all, had burned clean away ; there was not a vestige to be seen of deck or bulwark. How did that \ heroic Russian remain at his post so long? 1| wondered. Could iie actually have been burned alive at the whoel '; Oh, impossible ! j Yet it must almost almost have come to i this. ... i I reached the shore among the last, tnankf ul, : I trust, for my escape, but with a heart that ! was wonderfully heavy on account of Niki- I forof; and all that day and the next, while j travelling down the coast, jogging southwards j in the atrocious springless carts over the still I more atrocious roads of that district, 1 could I think of little else than the hero of our escape and his splendid pluck, and the miserable death he must have suffered. But at a fishing village called Bit'loy a huge surprise was in store for me. I slept at the 5 lace, engaging a bed at the post station, 'here was but one guestroom I found, and this was already occupied by a traveller; but the room contained two beds, and i could have one of them. My partner had I was told already retired, I opened the door softly, unwilling to wake the stranger ; but he was lying reading in his bed. I gazed at the man and then rubbed Piy eyes and stared again. , Was it a ghost, or was it really Xikiforof ? Well, it was Nikiforof ; and 1 think I may eay that he was almost as glad to see me as I him, for he hud rectived no news as yet of the steamer's safe arrival and the safety of the passengers, and had expacted none until he should reach Sclilusselliurg ; and even then the best he expected to hear was that the steamer Oceana, from Kexholme, had mysteriously disappeared in mid-Ladoea. His own escape had been providential. Nikiforof had stuck to his post at the wheel us long as he could ; but that, he said, had not been very long, for even when he reached it it was already almost untenable, the heat being quite unbearable and the smoke suffocating. He liad had time, however, to lash the wheel to that the vessel could not but follow a straight line for the shore, and had then jumped into the water five miles or more from land. 'None of you people hoard me shout or saw me,' he laughed, ' being loo occupied with your own bIow cooking ; and if a small lug Bailed fishing-boat had not seen me and picked me up 1 Bhould probably have gone to the bottom. As it was, 1 had been a couple of hours in the water and was at the last gasp when they hauled me out and brought me here.' '.Since that day,' ended Burlton, ' I have seen a good deal of Nikiforof, and the more I Bee of him the better I like him. There is only one thing in the fellow that 1 can't forgive him, and that is that he is not an English man.'— Chums. 