The Phantoms of St. Sepulchre. 1849. ?r ? [It pay be necessary to inform the reader un ncquainted with London, that the church of St. Sepujchro is olosn to the gaol of Newgate, and that its bell is tolled when a criminal is to be executed. Few will need to be reminded that the three stories related nre not fabulous.] ' Didst ever see a hanging V — No, not one, Nor ever wish to soe such scandal done. ? But once I saw a wretch condeinn'd to die : ???.:.?' A lean-faced, bright-eyed youth, who made me sigh At the recital of a dream he had. Ho was not sane, and yet he was not mad : Fit subject for a mesmerist he seemed ; For when he slept, he saw ; and when ho dream'd, His visions wore as palpable to him As facts to us. My memory is dim Upon his story, but I'll ne'er forgot The dream he told me, for it haunts me yet, Impress'd upon me by his earnest faith Thafc'twas no vision, but a sight winch Death Open'd his eyes to see, —an actual glimpse Into the world of spectres and of imps Vouchsafed to him on threshold of tho grave. List 1 and I'll give it in the words he gave : — ' ' Ay, you may think that I am crazed, But what I saw, that did I Fee. Thoso walls are thick, my brain is sick, And yet mine eyes saw lucidly. Through tho joists and through the stones I could look as through a glass : And, from this dungeon damp and cold, I watch'd the motley people pass. All day long, rapid and strong, Itoll'd to and fro the living stream ; . But in tho night I saw a sight — I cannot think it was a dream ? 'Old St. Sepulchre's bell will toll .tit uigub u- jiiuivow lur iny auui ; And thousands, not much better than I, Will throng around to see mo die ; And many will bleBS their Imppy fate That they ne'er fell from their high estate, Or did such deed as I have done ; Though, from the rise to the set of sun. They cheat their neighbours all their days. And gather gold in slimy ways. But my soul feels strong, and my sight grows clear. As my death-hour approaches near, And in its presence I will tell The very truth, as it befell. * 'The snow lies thick on tho house-tops cold, Shrill and keon the March winds blow ; The rank grass of tho churchyard mould Is cover'd o'er with drifted snow ; The graves in old St. Sepulchre's yard Were white last night when I look'd forth. And the sharp clear stars seeni'd to dance in the sky, Rock'd by the fierce winds of the north. ' ' The houses dull seom'd numb with frost, The streets seem'd wider than of yore, And the straggling passengers trod, like ghosts, Silently on the' pathway frore ; When I look'd through that churchyard rail, And thought of the bell that should ring my doom, ' And saw three women, sad and pale, Sitting together on a tomb. 4 ' A fearful sight it was to see, As up they roso ane look'd at mo. Sunken were their cheeks and eyos ; Blue-cold were their feet, and bare ; Lean and yellow were their hands ; Long and scanty was their hair ; And round their necks I saw the ropes Deftly knotted, tightly drawn ; And know they were not things of earth, Or creatures that could face the dawn. ' ' boon dimly in tho uncertain light, They multiplied upon my sight ; And things like men and women sprung — Shapes of those who had been hung — From the rank and clammy ground. ;;. I counted them— I knew them all. ?'?; Each with its rope around its neck, '/:.' ? Marslmll'd by the churchyard wall. The stiff policeman, passing along, Saw them not, nor made delay ; A reeling bacchanal, shouting a song, Look'd nt the clock nhd went his way ; A troop of girls with painted cheeks. Laughing and yelling in drunken glee, PttHs'd like a gust and never look'd At the sight so palpable to me. I saw them — hoard them — felt their breath Musty and raw and damp as death ! ' ' These women three, these fearful shapes, Look'd at me through Newgate stone, And raised their fingers, skinny and lank, Whispering low in under-tone-: — 1 His hour draws near, — he's one of us, — His gibbet is built, — his noose is tied ; They have put his date on the coffin- lid : The law of blond shall be satisfied. He shall rest with us, and his name shall be A by-word and a mockery.' * 'I whispered to one, ' What hast thou done ?' She answer'd whispering, and I heard — Although a chime rang at the time— Every sentence, every word. Clear above the pealing biflls :— ' * I was mad, and slow my child ; Better than life, God knows, I. loved it ; But pain and hunger drove me wild, Scorn and hunger, and grief and care ; And I slew it in my despair. . And for this duud they raised the gibbet ; For this deed the noose they tied ; ? And I hung and swung in the sight of men, And the law of blood was satisfied. ' ' I said to the second, ' What didst thou ? Her keen eyes flash 'd unearthly shine. 4 1 married a youth when I was 'young. And thought all happiness was mine ; But they stole him from mo to fight the French ; And I was left in the world alone, To beg or steal, to live or dio, Bobb'd of my stay, my all, my own. England stole my lord from me, — I stole a ribbon, was caught and tried ; And I hung and swung in the sight of men, And tho law of blood wan satisfied.' ' I said to the third, ' What crime was thine V ' Crime !' she answered in accents meek, ' The babe that sucks at its mother's breast, And smiles with its little dimpled cheek, Is not more innocent than J. But truth wan feeble, — error was strong ; An^d. guiltless of a deed of shame, Moifs justice did mo cruel wrong. '1'hey would not bear my truthful words : They thought me lill'd with stubborn prido ; And I hung and swung in the sight of men, And the law of blood was satisfied.' ' ' Then one and all, by that churchyard wall, Raised their skinny hands at me ; Their voices mingling like the sound Of rustling leaves in a withering treo : ' His hour has come, lie's one of us ; His gibbet is built, his nooso in tied ; His knell shall ring, and his corpse Khali swing. And the law of blood .shall be satisfied.1 ' ' They yanish'd 1 I saw them, one by ono, With their bare blue foet on the drifted snow Sink like a thaw, when tho sun is up, To their wormy solitudes bolow. Though you nwy doom this was a droam, My facts are tangible facts to me ; For the sight glows e'ear nn death draws near And looks into Futurity.' ' Charles Mackay. 