A Story by Rudyard Kipling. Dear Playmates, — One of 'the most de lightful books fell into my hands this morn ing. It is called the 'Jungle Book,' by Rudyard Kipling,sand I only wish I had you here to listen to * the stories and see the grand illustrations. All the tales are splen did, but I'm just going to tell you, briefly, the story of ' ' Toomai of the Elephants.' It is a pity I can't show you the illustrations) but never mind you must get the book when you hear one of the delightful stories it contains. Of oourse, I cannot do more than give you a mere ouuine 01 ii/. won, iiore ia the gist of the story in Mr. Kipling's own words :— . , Kala Nag (which means Black Snake) had served the Indian Government in every way that an elephant could serve it for 47 years, and he was fully 20 years old when he was caught ; that makes him nearly 70 — a ripe age for an elephant. v He had carried tents, 12001b. weight of tents, on the march in Upper India ; he had been hoisted into a ship at, the end of a steam-crane,. and taken for days aoross the water, and made to carry a mortar on his back in a strange and rooky oountry very far from India, and had seen the Emperor Theodore lying dead in Magdala, ''and had oome baok again in the steamer, entitled, so the soldiers said, to the Abyssinian war medal. He had seen his fellow-elephants die of cold, and epilepsy and starvation, and sunstroke up at a place called Ali Musjid, 10 years later \ and afterward he had been sent down thousands of miles south to haul and pile big baulks of teak in the timber yards at Moulmein. There he had half killed an insubordinate young elephant, who was shirking his fair share of work. / 'Yes,' said Big Toomai, his driver, the son of Black Toomai who had taken him to Abyssinia, and grandson of Toomai, of the Elephants, who had . seen him caught, 'there is nothing that the Blaok Snake fears except me. He has seen three genera tions of us feed him and groom him, and he will live to see four.' 'He is afraid of me also,' said little Toomai, standing up to his full height of four feet. He was 10 years old, the oldest son of Big Toomni, and aooording to custom he would take his father's plaoB on Kula Nag's neok when he grow up,, and would handle the heavy iron ankus, the elephant goad that had been worn smooth by his father, and his grandfather, and his great grandfather. He knew what he was talking of '} for he had been born under Kala Nag's shadow, had played with the end of his trunk before he oouid talk, had , taken him down to water as soon as he oould walk, and Kala Nag would no more have dreamed of disobeying his shrill little orders than he would have dreamed of killing him on that day when Big Toomai carried the little Ibrown .baby in his arms under Kala Nag's ituisks, and told him to salute his master that 'was to be. „., . ', A great white man, Peterson Sahib, ' the 'man who oaught all the elephants for the Government of India,' heard of the little .. lad's prowess, talked to the child, was kind to him, and sent him away rojoioing, with a present of four annas, to spend in sweet meats. Aooidentally he heard an Assamese elephant driver say that all the wild eleph'ants would do something strange one night. They would danou, a whole campful of them. That same night Little Toomai gave Kalft Nag his supporj.and sat boside the elephant beating a tom-tom till he felt sleepy, and stretched himBolf on the fodder at Kala Nag's side. After he had slept for. some time the 'hoot-toot' of a wild elephant was heard in1 the distance. All the new elephants got restless, and oven Kala Nag behaved less wisely than usually. 'Look after him if ho grows restless in the night,' said Big Toomai to Littlo Toomai, and he went into the hut and slept. Little Toomai was just going to sleep, too, when he heard the coir string snap with a little ' ting,' and Kala Nag rolled out of his pickets as slowly and as silently as a cloud rolls out of the mouth of a valley. Little Toomai pattered after him, barefooted, down the road in the moonlight, calling under his breath, ' Kala Nag ! Kala Nag ! Take me with you, oh, Kala Nag!' The elephant turned, still without a sounds took three strides 'back to\the boy in the moonlight, put down his' trunk, swung, him to his neck, and almost as soon as Little Toomai had settled his knees, slipped into the forest. The two had a magnificent forest ride. I must quote a piece of Mr. Kipling's descrip tion ;. it is so very beautiful : — ? ' ' At last Kala Nag stood still between the tree trunks at the very bottom of the hill. They were part of a cirole of trees that grew round an irregular space of some three or four acres, and in all that space, as' Little Toomai could see, the ground had been trampled down as hard as a brick floor. Some trees grew in the clearing, but their bark was rubbed away, and the white wood beneath showed all shiny and polished in the patches of moonlight. There were creepers hanging from the upper branches, and the bells of the flowers of the creepers, great waxy white things like conyolyulses, hung down fast asleep; but within the limits' of the clearing there was not a single blade of green— nothing but tho trampled earth. The moonlight showed it alliron grey, except where some elephants stood upon it, and their shadows were inky black. Little Toomai looked, holding his breath, with his eyes starting out of his head, and as he looked, more, and more, and more elephants swung out into the open from be tween - the tree-trunks. Little Toomai could only count up to ten, and he counted again and again on his. fingers till he lost count of the tens, and his head began, to swim. Qutside the clearing he could hear them crashing in the undergrowth as thoy worked their way up the hillside j but as soon as they were within the oiarole of the tree-trunks they moved like ghosts. And there the elephants danced for two long night hours, Little Toomai lying all the time on Kala Nag's baok till the morning broke in a sheet of pale yellow behind the green hills, and till the boy was nearly faint. Then suddenly the great beasts vanished. ' Wah I' said Little Toomai, and his eyes were very heavy. ' Kala Nag, my lord, let us keep by Pud mini (another elephant), and go to Peterson Sahib's camp, or I shall drop from thy neck.' This they did, and two hours later thoy 'came into the camp. Little Toomai's face was grey and pinched, and his hair was full of leaves and drenohed with dew, but he tried to salute Peterson Sahib, and oried faintly, 'The dance, the elephant dance ! I have seen it and— I die !' As Kala Nag sat down he slid off Ihb neok in a dead faint. ' But he did not dio I He told them whore the elephants' ballroom was, and they went and saw it and the head of the drivers said : — ' 'Tho child epeaks the truth. All this was done last night, and I have counted 70 traoks orossing the river See, Sahib, whore Pudmini's leg-iron cut tho bark, of that tree ! Yes j she was there too.' They looked at one anothor up and down, and they wondered ; for the ways of elephants afe beyond the wit of any man, blaok or white, to fathom, 'Forty years and five,' said Maohtia Appa, 'have I followed my lord, the elephant, but never have I heard that any ohild of man had seen what this ohild has seen. By all the Gods of the Hills it is — what oan we say ?' and ho shook his head. ' What never man has soon ho has soon through the long night, and tho favour of the elephant-folk and of the gods of the jungles is with him. He shall become a groat tracker ; ho shall booome greater than I, even I, Maohua Appa 1 He shall follow tho new trail, and tho stale trail, and tho mixed trail, with a oloar oyo ! Aihai ! my lords in the chains, horo is tho littlo one that has soon your dancos in your hidden places. Give him honor, my lords ! Salaam karo, my children. Make your salute to Toomai of the elephants ! Pudmini, thou has seen him at the dance, and thou too, Kala Nag, my pearl among elephants ! — ahaa ! Together ! To Toomai of the elephants. Barrao !' And at that last wild yell tho whole line flung up their trunks till the tips touched their foreheads, and broke out into the full salute — the crashing trumpet-peal that only the Viceroy of India hears, the Salaamut of the Keddah. 