THE. LIG-HT THAT AST .iQO SHADOW. Curious stories are told aboutflie'powers poe.. i'essedby- certain natives of India, who live up= among the Himalaya mountoins. These old men, it is said, have devoted aories of years to the study. of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothinig about. Lately a German professoi visited the "adepts,"' as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of thieir remarkable'performances. They treated him rather sou-vily, bnt interested: him all the same. One day the: professor' wanted to examine some anoient' Sanskrit manuscripts. Ant adept went with him to a care wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottomof a Swell. S" I can't see to read here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the 'professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened: the cave.'' He' could not tell whence it came, but he' noticed that it hadc one strange quality'-- itj cart tot the slightesa shadowo. This is a story bard tbtlielieve;, yet its truth-is aflirmiied by a man of vast learning and; highs character, and you who now read it have no:reasoD "for doubtexcept that all the lights yaou have seen' have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's "own experience.' Dr Johnson sniffed at. the accoount of the Lisbon' earthquake, yet oredited the tale of the Cock Lana ghost . " A man whoihas been ill for years and failed ta - $ f -? ' ielwhe ' f him 0of What else but dcubtr could result from hiaex." perience ? Take an example: " In the spring of 1888," writes our corresponk dent, "I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. Ifelt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach. was deranged, my appetite poor, and Safter eating I -had pain and weight at the chest. a I was much troubled with wind, and frequently Sspat up a sour fluid, -also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervonusnes and great depression ofe spirits; I kept up with mr' work but had always?a B sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this' t .way for two years, notliing:that I took relieving me. jAt last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply.. After I had taken only a few' doses I found relief, my food digested. and gradually ,all nervousness left me; - Although I had no reason at' first to- feel any-confidence in this medicine;, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admitits value and: its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother. Seigel'a Curative Syrup,.I have-been in the best of health. and spirits, In the interestaoof suffering- humanity ' I deem,:it a duty to send youQ this testimony. (Signed)' D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, I1f Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 189.o" There is a deal of difference between MIrGriffith' - candid letter and the story about the light:that cast no shadow. The latterimay he true enough, but i:, cannotkbe verified without more trouble than it is I werth; On the. other hand-we have- a trustworthy witness, who.will answer letters of enquiry andearn be found at his:address. t Finally, there is nothing mystical or- magical about.Mother Seigel's Curative- Syrup. It- acts- ozn the theory that most ailments, are, but symptoms,, forms, or phases of that universal: disease=-ins. digestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and! throwa the light of health and happiness over "hearths-anik Shomes where illness and- pain had cast such dark y and- terrifying shadows. And that is why people, believe all. that. is told of .ts suceess.by. eager witnesses.. 