NOTES AND COMMENTS. _ The mad rash waica set in towards Klondike a few months ago seems to be petering out. The general public seems to be getting i'S head in the ice bucket once again, and it is just as well that it is so. Klondike may turn out to be a pretty good go.dfield, but up to da'e there is n thing to warrant such a supposition except the verj tall brasging jf the American Press, and many a r«sh adventurer will live to curse the day he paid any attention to the wild and woolly yarns published by the sensational newspaper syndicates whose hunting-ground is Yankeeknd. Our advice to goldfieltie residents is to go slow, wait patiently for the turn of the tide in the affairs of the government of this country, and Coolgardie will pan out a lump better than Klondike. • » » » An amusing little seene took place at '.he railway sta'ion just prior to ihe s arting of the train which was to land Coolgardie folk in Kalgoorlie in time for the races. A gentleman, whose baptismal title need not be here repea ed, bade his wife an unusually affectionate adieu when leaving home/ for the 4 office,' and incidentally remarked' that he wou d not be home to lunch, and inia:ht possibly miss his dinner as well, as he ha i a very important bit of business on hand which might claim his attention. The wife smiled, and gave him to undei-stand that she relieved him fully ; but as soon aa he disappeared from the domestic hearth she climbed into her holiday at'ire and made her way to the tailway station, and waited Shortly before the traiB 1< ft; he husb md hustled into the station with something feminine on Ms arm. He secured two first-c ass return tickets, find made for a first-class carriage without noticing the lady in waiting, bat sucMeniv that young person asserted herself by stepping up and placing her gloved hand on his arm, whilst she gave him a smile that ought, to have made him feel bappy ; but it didn't. ' Jump in, Charley ; quick, or we'll miss the train. I felt t>0 lonely at home, and as I fancied^yonr business might take you to Kalgoorlie by this train, I dressed and came along just to give you a pleasant surprise.' Not by word or look did she betray any knowledge of the proximity of the 'privateer' who had arrived with her husbanl, and the latter, sceniing the battle from afar, s eered for another ca riage and allowed ' hubby' to escort Lis legal tender on the pleasure outing. It was as neat a bit of cutting out as one would wish to see, no fuss, no scene, no tears, but the Lord only knoweth what sort r, f i time the male who had tried to sail out under letters of marque had when be arrived home Wednesday nieht. He had to settle up matters within four walls with no witnesses. * * * * It may be jolly with the privateers, And smuggled pleasures may be full of fun, But you're apt to look a simple sort of fool, When you have to haul your anchors up and run. A pretty pirate often takes the eye, If she is clipper built 'nd snug, But a broadsider from regular sloop of war. May mate you feel a matrimonial tug. » * * * Before the team of English cricketers, now in Australia, had lefc their native land to journey out this way to teach the colonials how .o play cricket, the 'Strand Magazine' interviewed most of the best cricketers and cricket experts in the old country with a view of ascertaining the names of the best combination of amateurs and pros that Great Britain could put into the field to meet any invader. This is the team that was picked with wondeiful unanimity: W. G-. Grace, Abel, Richardson, Rarjitsinghi. Brigg?, MacLaren, Peel, F. S. JackBon, Townsend, Stoddart, Storer. * * * » Nearly every man whose opinion was souabr placed W.G Grace in the front of all of Englands great batsmen, so that the ' old man' must even yet be a terror to bowle-s. It is curious to note that the eleven that has jus' been crushed, by Australians only contained six of those players c jnsidyred by English experts as the very cream of the Old Country's talent, viz, MacLaren, Storer. Ranji, Briggp, Stoddart, Richardson, and on present furm only three out of that halfdozen would be picked in an All England eleven against an Australian team playing in England so we must not feel too coufiient concerning the deeds 4 our boys' will achieve when next they start to hunt the lion on his own greensward. We needn't start to twist the lion's tail Until we've whipped him fairly in his lair, Or, when we go to carry home his hide, It's on thecards that we may l^se our hair. * * • * There seems to be a terrible lot of humbug about the police court people in Adelaide. Tbe way that Paris Nesbit, Q.C., has been allowed to carry on is a standing disgrace to the whole of that colony. Either he is mad or he is sane. The Executive Coancil has decided, upon expert medical evidence, that he ie mai, and ordered his incarceration in Parkside madhouse. Nesbit, however, waited on the medical officer of that institution, and told him that he (.the doctor) was liable to a year'6 imprisonment fordetaining him without a proper certificate, and the doctor admitted the fact. Whereupon Nesbit calmly walked off and made his way into Adelaide, and subsequently called at the office of the Adelaide • Advertiser,' and had a chat on things in general and lunatic asylums in particular with the staff of thwt journaL There is something radically wrong som-.where, andi we venture to think that if any ordinary per-1 son was to do as this influential lawyer has done he would meet with very different treatment. Within a month he has upset divine service in a church, defied and insulted a police magistrate whilst in the execution of his duty in open court, assaulted anil insulted the constables on duty and has twice been incarcerated in a madhouse by legal authority, and has twice marched out unmolested. Adelaide ought to be proud of its laws, and its law makers, and a'so of those officials who have the carrying out of the taws of the country. The whole of this painful episode goes to show that there is not one strong, fearless man in power in the city of churches, and under the present regime no man can look upon tbe statute book of 8.A. without a feeling of contempt. * * * * Heaven help federated Australia if it is left to the mercy of the Federal Council. As an example of the folly that at times creeps into the alleged debates, we may mention that Sir George Turner proposed that it should be compulsory for the Commonwealth to take over the debts of tbe States. This was carried by 25 votes to 8, and a littlelater an identical motion was rejected by 19 votes to 18. The Federal delegates had wasted two solid days in frothy talk, and tben found themselves on the same mark as that from which thfv had started. Mr Beid, Premi-r, N.S.W., is answerable for a terrible lot of the talking. He seems to have a notion that the universe stands still to catch the echo of his tireless tongue, and he is evidently so inflated with his own importance that if anything hard should happen to fall on him he wculd explode by the mere pressure of his unbounded egotism, pretty nearly everyone is tired of him, yet he moves about the Federal Chamber as if he held a brief direct from Providence to represent the Almighty. Seid ie one of those conceited, priggiph politicians who, if he received a halo diiect from Paradise, would wear it cocked over one ear to inspire all be P holders with the notion that he r?id not consider it much of an honor for Reid to be appointed Heaven's deputy. * * * * A new element has crept into the farcical Adelaide Hospital row. The parsoDs have decided to take a hand, and they now dec-are that the Government deserves censuring over the matter. Great Scott I When will we hear the last of this old girls' squabble ? Why, any dozen oM women, over an afternoon cun of tea with a dash of something ' spiritual' in it, could have wip-d that affair out. But here it comes along a?ain like the ghost ot the first of the Pha^oah's playing leap-frog at the foot of the pyramids. Thev pray for rain in the sonny south, When it rains *hey pray for heat. They should pray to God to shift their brains A bit higher than their feet. * * * * It is a precious pity that the "Premier of this province, Sir John Forrest, do?s not quit tbe inane Federal cirrus and come back here where he is badly wanted. He should not bnve remained away as he has done whilst the cloud of depression has grown blacker and depper over his own colony. Tt would be a million times better if he w->uld locate bimpe'f in Perth anl call Parliament together, and settle the many weighty mattPis now pending. Tt will be a bad day for this field if the deep lead alluvial men come in open conflict with the authorities, and they are pretty nearly certain to do this over the Ivanhoe Venture case, unless ou' Parliament steps in and settles matters arnica HI v. Rjnee last the court at Kaleoorlie issued injunctions against the men fully three hundred more diggers have konn to work than were Ijhere last week, and it is vcv evident that a serious storm is brewing. Sir John should be back in his place if he wants to keen the ship of State from being sen tied bv his crew. He .ought to kn'»w that, however the strugele mav go, an open rupture between the diggers and the Government forces would do incalculable harm to the credit of the colony on the London money market; and we cannot understand why he phould b? devoting his attention to abstract questions whilst the eountrv is face to face with such real political'and social dangers. 