I ALL OS' I Sura S 5. (COMPLETE SHORT STORY.) F you plcaso, your Ladynhlp,' u n I d the trim llttlo nmlil, ns slio on ton;d with noliic k'K3 foot stop a Lady Mwrlel'n i;roy and Bllvor boudoir, 'tlio coii tumlor liais not nont tlio fancy dress yovi ordered. Tin; banket that arrived this morn ing contains ? ,' nnd hero ahe hesi tated. 'Yes, what?' 'Your Jiadyslilp I hardly know what to call them,' and uhc unrolled (several onalcc Uko article!) of varied huca which nho held up for Her Ladyship's Inspection. 'Tlgbta!' exclaimed Lady Muriel, lauf;h lng Lcnrllly. 'how comical! Why, Hinrlc Bon muBl have sent them hero In mistake. How innny arc there'.'' 'Oh, do/.eiiB of pairs, my Lady.' 'IJrliiB thorn Ihti-, Hlta, I nhould like to bco them before they go back.' The door hsu'. ncurcely closed when Her LadyBhip turned to a r.nmrt llttlo woman who v/na sipping her tun on tho other «ldo of tho fire, and exclaimed, 'They havo como juiit in tho nick of time. Are you coed for a Joke, MukkIc, a real K°°d Joke?' 'A joke, when, whero, how?' 'It hasi Kiiddenly come to me — an Inspira tion, MugRlc. Ilave you ever worn tli;htu? No, of coumo not; the (luestion'B nbaurd. Havo I? Also, no, but,' nho added, lower ing uor voice liiipreHjiively, 'I want to; Just for onee, that'.'i all, to boo what it'll like And I want, yoii and Phyllis OouinK ham, nnd Buiittlo Fairfax, Oertlo Martyn, and Tiny Grant to wear them too?' 'What on earth for, Muriel?' 'Lialcn n moment. We are all nolnf; to dlnn together lo-nlc;lit before tlio men i;o to that Htupld political meeting, aren't wo? When tlic men are koiiu what aro we (joini; to do with oui'hcIvcs until they come back? Havo soinu talilcitux vlvaiita nil to our selves— cliuiHleal imbjecta and ever no many things. It will bo tho moat dollcloun fun wo have had for yours. I know the other girls will Join, for wo shall have tho library to ouraolven, and there will bo plenty of room for hlch kicking if any of us aro takon that way.' Tho matter was broached lit sepulchral whlHperH to rhyllls, Gertie, nud Co. boforo dinner, and it was agreed that for onco In a way thoy would liavo a regular rlKht dowii riotous tlwo all nmoiiK their pretty selves. Tho men folk could not ir.nko out what kept the t;lrl;i In such hl|;h uplrltu durlnir dinner. 'I /iliould havo thought,' naid Captain Marston, the bin I)rni;oon with tho heavy moustache, who \vnn reported to havo broken aa many hc-urlB asi ho Iiad photo Ki'nphlc platen, for ho was an cntlnmluatii! nnd nkllful manipulator of tho camera, 'I should havo thought you would have been as dull uh dllchwaler at tho proopect of lojiliur u.'i for three or four hour/). Uy Jovo, I wiiih I hadn't promlHcd to (;o. I'd nuicU aooner ntop In 1'aradliio than i;o to Had — I mean a stuffy public hall. But there, I'vo proniiiied to taltu my camera and miap nhot tlio £i|)cakeni, tho audience, and all tlio rent of it, and I can't back out of It now.' After dinner tho moil lit their olitani, and pulllni; on their conl», nnld 'nu revolr,' und »-ot Into tho trap which wna waiting t() Inlco them to tho neeiio of tholr Inborn on bohnlf of the Empire. Half an hour »ft-;rwanl.-i a number of figures, eloaluul and iiiyutnrlonn, ncuddcd down tho titnlreaMO, and outeiliif; tho library, hurriedly cloned tlio door and locked It. Then tlin lanipii wore turned up, cloaku wero thrown aside, nnd amid rlpplci) of lauiiliter and volleyn of chaff tlio llttlo company Ktood revealed clad In tho alrlent po.sidhlo j;nrl-. 'You look maKnincmit, Muriel,' until Gerlio onviounly, nn nho iiurvoyed llio miis nlvo fli;viro of hor youthful Lndyahlp, ro iiplondent In llcnlilncii of a dellcato hellot ropo huo, 'my thliiRn don't nuum to lit ia bit, nnd Isn't It cold?' At thin llioro wan n IiuikIi, punnliiated l)y a llttlo Bcrenm mi Ileattlo plnchod Oertlo, nnd was promptly pinched back In roturn. 'I feol nu If I hod uotlilni; on,' nald Tiny, a tail nlrl In palii yellow, 'I keep on trying to pick up my skirt, nud bohold thero In no iiklrt' 'It'll idinply lovely, I think,' cunhed Phyllla, nprliichu; into tho centro of llio room and starting n ilnnco to tin Impromptu nccompaniuiont on tho piano, 'I iihould 1 Mcu to (to about llko thin nlwayn.' T^ady Muriel, who wan nl tho piano, daubed Into a wild incmmro, and tlui rent of tlio (;Ii1h, t»l;lii(; hitndo, pnmeod nnd kicked n« thoy had nover pranced or kicked before, Tho miinlo proiiontly conficd, nitdthn^lrlii, out of brenlh and qutto oxliiuiotud, throw tliotmielveu «a olialr/i nnd uotait, convuluad with lauclitor. After nn Interval tliuro woi'o' tableaux und then more ilnuclnir, Tiny provlhi; hor ' itOi f|»ill,o nn ndopi. at ht^U-kli;Uliii;. 'It's half -past ten,' exclaimed hnOy Muriel suddenly, Glancing at tlio clock. 'Wo had better go, or tho men .will bo back.' 'Ono tnoro kick,' Tiny ishoutcu. 'Hold tlio tambourine nn hij.;h ;i» you can, Qcrtlo. I am Eolui; to heat tlio record.' Gertlo mounted a chair and held out tho tambourine in tho approved fashion. Tiny :;pranK forward, and. with u whoop of triumph licnt tho tinkllni; tnmbourina bounding towards tho celling. It described a curvo, (struck the edgo of tho narrow oak Knllery which ran ncrosu ono end of tho room, and then fell with a crash to tho lloor. Every eyo followed the courso of tho tambourine, and when it rattled ngnlnat tho cnllery Tiny uttered a scream, and flclzliif; hor cloak throw It round lier. 'Did you kco, did you seo?' uho ganped, 'someone went out of llio little door lead liiB to the Knllery — a black uhndow — I anw It distinctly. Someone ban been there ali tho time, and hnu seen uu In thciie— thcae — thliu;n.' Tlio othora Iniifthed. 'A Khosl! Tiny hns noon a KhoGt,' said Lady Muriel. 'It imint havo been a ghoBt, for thero in no one In Iho liousu but tho servant!), and they would nover dream of dnrinf; to go into tho (inllery. Tho houcJo la haunted, and Tiny hu.'i made tho dla covcry.' 'GhoBt or no ghost,' anld Tiny, empha tically, '1 naw It K« out through tho door as clenrly nn I nee nil of you, and it didn't walk a bit liko a i;hoal.' 'Well, what sort ot a tlrno did you havo liuit idBht?' It was Captain Maraton who nskud Iho question of IiIk hoKl at brenlcfa.it the fol lowing mornlii/;. Tho jjlrls turned pule, nnd Tiny nearly dropped tho cup of tea she was raising to her lips. Lady Muriel alone managed to malutaln her composure. 'Wlint iiort of n time?' «Jio nslcod auito calmly.; 'what n funny cjueiillon to ask when you were there yourself.' 'Tiiat'.-i exactly and precisely what ho wan not,' laughed young Charllo Mains. 'When \/o got to the hall liun;;cd it Mars ton did not discover that ho had forgottou to briiiR his platen with him. Ho uaul ho had left them in tho library— up in thu gal lery, don't, you know?— whero ho was using the camera yesterday. Of counio ho had to como buck and ? ' 'Yob, yes,' said Gortlo faintly. 'Why tho ln;:y beggar stopped thoro. At least, wo Kiipposo ho stopped horo. Ho won't toll us whoro he was or what he did. Anyhow, wo didn't noo anything moro of him. Mean thing to do, after what ho had promised, wasn't 11?' After breakfast Tiny crept up tho narrow wtnlrcnse which Jed to tlio gallery and gazed around hor. Lying on the lloor war, a nquaro brownish object. She picked It up. It was n clgnrotto enso, nnd It horo tho crcnt and inltlalu of Captain Marston. 'Look,' uho gasped, bursting into Lady MurloPa boudoir, with her discovery held aloft that all might neo, 'It wasn't a ghnnt, I naw lust night, after all; and what n blessing that photograph') cannot bo Ukeu liy gnsllghtl'— London 'rellcan.' 