CYCLING NOTES. [By Spokes.1 The concluding day of fche North Adelaide C.C.'s second racing venture has not, I am afraid, benefited fche promofcers from a monetary point of view. Everything that could be thought of in the shape of novelties was placed before a sport-loving public, but all to no purpose, and once more must the Norths write their meeting down as a splendid failure. The racing was good, and in some instances exciting, but there is a Jonah connected with the Norths, and the sooner he is found the better for the club. As the riders filed out for the North Adelaide Handicap a good judge of the sport began summarising them. After mentioning one or two who had a chance and one or two who had not he came to Don Walker. 'Now/ •said he, (be is the man for me. But he has a failing. While they are all bustling for places Don is frightened, and will finesse around on the outside of the crowd until it is too late.' Don did all that had been prophesied of him and more, and for once getting the best of his nerves, Don won a splendid race in a handsome manner. . A hope was expressed that Aunger might be placed on Walne or vice versa in the Pursuit Race. Such an arrangement would have resulted in one of the best struggles ever wit nessed on the Jubilee Oval, but the fact was evidently overlooked by the selection committee. Poor old Wally Deane. After pacing for the whole distance to be beaten by a rim oft the finishing line. Never mind, Wally, stick to it, and the race will come some day. Perhaps when it is most welcome. In connection with the essay on * How to best promote touring, <fcc./ I hear that one gentleman made all arrangements with the daily press to have his essay—the prize essay— printed. Surely this was rather pre mature, seeing that the ambitious and over-confident essayist was not placed first, second, or third. Was he paid in advance ? For my own part I doubt the whole story. Some time during the next twelve months fche committee of th - N.A.C.C. might offer a substantial prize for an essay to be entitled ' How to best attract a crowd at the Jubilee Oval.' The club might pick up a Mascotte. The result of the polo exhibition came rather as a surprise to many. The Norwoods lacked practice and combination. In this latter respect the Souths were almost perfect, while their shooting for goal was mono tonously accurate. The game was apoilt by being divided into two sec tions j at the same time I congratulate the Souths on their victory. The con cluding game between these two clubs will take place at fche National Park. Two-mile races are always an un certain quantity, and fche final of the N.A. Handicap was not an exception. Early in the race 1 Wopper' Rundie tried to copy Allen's famous Adelaide Wheel Race gallop, and but for Mathias there is little doubt but that the West Torrens man would have been successful. Later on another West Torrensite in Murray Aunger created a diversion by toppling over on the grass. The field scattered, and Sammy ran on to the close-cropped lawn, avoiding an apparently bad fall. Up to this in cident Aunger had been riding very well indeed, and seemed to have com plete control of the race. It was his luck, however, to watch the finish from the grass. While these several little matters had been righting themselves T. J. Black had been following up his usual policy of hanging on but never leading ; had he helped young Mathias he most certainly would have gained a place. When a man thinks he can hang to any pace and then bbat his opponents in the runhome he is invariably beaten. Such was the case on Saturday, and I hope ever will be. A fair share of pace in the early part of a two-mile race will shake off the most energetic scratch men, and it is nearly time T. J. Black realized this fact, and acted up to it, if only in common fairness to his fellow competitors. What's the matter with the people ? Here it is holiday time, a first-class programme, first-class riders and races, not even a Maidens or Novice item in the bill of fare. Weather, simply per fection, and opposition, nil; yet less than 2,000 spectators. It was chilling. It was more oppressive than an even ing spent at Parliament House. And why ? Have any of ' the green-and gold young gentlemen broken a hotel mirror or two on any of their festive jaunts, or have they killed a cat; or is it—dreadful thought—that the sport has become too common ? Will some one start the prize essay churn and kindly put us out of our misery. From the time the dainty Miss Serpolette attempted to subjugate an untamed motor have I had my doubts of them. They ace not what I should call reliable engines of locomotion, and I can hardly understand their U9e in modern warfare, for it is quite on the cards that before you could shut off steam you would have annihilated one of your own companies. From the gingerly way in which these motors were approached on Saturday last I think the would-be operators were of the same opinion as myself. Who said that Lykke had gone to the West to race? Not much; he is only getting that knee into perpetual motion. Of course, he could only do so with the aid of a Columbia path racer. In following out this prescrip tion Alf may pick up a thing or two. Possibly a Brassard. Visitors to Adelaide for the holi days are specially enjoined not to miss seeing Alf. Sammy in his new hat. It is a wonderful creation, and should become popular. The committee of the M.B.C. are at present enjoying themselves. Not in the good old orthodox Christian Christmas fashion, but sitting up like moulty hens, vainly endeavoring to find the ends of the '98 Austral tangle. It has been freely circulated in Melbourne that as much as .£200 to nothing was confidently laid that a certain long-marker would get home. We have some first-class idiots in the wagering-line in fair Adelaide, but I have never heard of any of them offering such asininp bets. .When the affair has blown over, which is some little time ahead, for there are many in the neighboring colony who will keep the sore open, the M.B.CJ. will have began to wish that the terrible year of '98 could have been burried and relegated to that limbo from which even the L.V.W. would have been powerless to have called ap a ghost. At a recent smoke social held at the M.B.C. rooms, a well-known elocutionist got up for his turn. He started—'Twas in the year '98 just after7—just after he was hauled down by the coat tails and politely asked to think of something more fitting to the season of the year, the events of the day were quite painful enough without his efforts in that direction. Will the M.B.C. be able to boast a .£5,000 bank balance this time next year? Probably a pound or two will have been transferred to several lawyer's accounts. Bicycle polo is on the boom in Victoria, and recently two crack teams, the North Suburban and Queensberry, met. The former won by 14 goals to 8. For the winners W. Till hit six goals. The • asualties included two machines bent, not broken; broken forks and buckled wheels, while spokes lay around like hairpins after a Mayoral ball. South Australian clubs are not taking any of these * crack' teams on. Let us have the novices, please. 1 Gertrude' writes in a complaining manner about the difficulty she ex periences in keeping one of her tires in tune. Despite all her efforts to keep the recalcitrant one up to concert pitch it has a strong tendency to flat at least twice a day. ' Gertie7 goes on to remark that this erring rubber circlet has been subjected to numerous tests, both by amateurs and experts, and although one of the latter thought he discerned distinct traces of tuberculosis, the majority of examiners are of opinion that this troublesome tire is in a sound state of health. I am afraid dear Gertie,—this is rather daring, but still I don't think I am addressing our Gertrude—I have met the tire you refer to. So have most of us The one way is to grin and swear—I mean bear it. Talking about swearing at a tire that required the pump at least every other hour, I happened to be there on one occasion. The scene was laid in a peaceful valley, half-way to Noarlunga. All nature seemed lulled into a charming siesta by the soft murmur ings of a. south-western zephyr, which ever and anon crooned its way through listless gums.—[Ed. Quiz— The reader is asked to excuse the writer owing to the time of the year and also the trying weather.] My really pleasant communings as to whether I should indulge in a bathe in the river or a pint bath of Dungey's best were rudely awakened by my companion's apostrophe to his back wheel. The scene was changed. The air grew hot with objurgations against tires, tire- makers, and all matters in and pertaining to pneumatics. As a last resource, I pumped while my companion prayed. It was a happy expedient, for shortly after wards the sulky tire began to be puffed up with portions of the gentle zephyr before mentioned, and the result of our combined efforts stood the test of all sorts of roads for the rest of the tour. In connection with the above receipt I may mention to Gertie that at present I have plenty of spare time; 