OUR STORY. A WONDERFUL CONVER SION. (St. Andrew's Magazine.) , I have been frequently asked to publish an account of the wonderful conversion of a shepherd, which hap pened when I was priest at Beauly, some sixteen years ago, and in the hope that it may prove interesting to your readers, I have great pleasure in offering it to you for publication. It will at the same time be very .gratifying to me to think that the memory of my friend will be kept, .green in the pages of your maga zine. In the north-west Highlands of :Scotland, at the extremity of a nar row inlet of the sea, is the village of Ullapool; and across the neck of ?sea, oh the shores of Loch Broom, there lived at the time I speak of a ; shepherd called John McRae. His mother had been a Catholic in iher. young days, a native of Kintail, \but on her marriage became a Pro testant, her husband's religion. Their son was consequently brought .up a Protestant, indeed there was not :a Catholic resident within sixty miles of the place. It seems, however, that in his early years his mother had taught him the "Hail Mary," and John told me afterwards that he used fre quently to repeat to himself, while -tending his master's sheep, this prayer so dear to Catholics. Of Catholics and their religion he heard never a word, except when he heard them abused by the minister in the church. One day the minister denounced them for their worship of Mary. The young man was horrified to hear his " Blessed Mary" spoken of in a way that only a Scotch parson can speak of the Mother of God ; and the more the wretched man abused her, the more earnestly John repeated to himself, " Full of grace — full of .grace — full of grace." He determined to know more ..about the Catholics who honoured her, whom almost unknown to him self he had learned to honour in his heart, and hearing there was a priest at Beauly, about ten miles distant, he obtained leave of absence from, his master from Saturday until Mon- -day, and walked across the hills to see me. . Unfortunately he heard in the village that I could not talk Gaelic, and was not told that my uncle, the late Rev. Thomas Chisholm, who was living with me, could, and so he returned home without calling. Soon after he walked across the hills to Glassburn, where the Rev. Colin Grant then officiated, sixteen miles further away than Beauly. He stayed at Glassburn over the night, and during his few hours' stay John received all the instruction he ever received before his baptism, which sacrament was Administered to him by the priest at Fort Augustus as he was passing through with his sheep on his way to the southern markets. John could neither read nor write, but came to his duties as often as the long (distance from Beauly would per mit, and found a director in my uncle, Mr. Chisholm, — Father Tom, as he was called in the district, who was recognised far and near as an able and pious director. . Soon . after John, who was as humble as he was good, laid by a year's wages, and came to reside in the village to attend the Catholic School and to receive full instructions in his religion. But he had a better instructor than any priest in his simple " Hail Mary." I am not exaggerating. Frequently has my uncle exclaimed to me after John had been with him for instruct ion, " Wonderful 1 he comes for in struction and he is instructing me !" The most beautiful and the most pro found thoughts came from the lips of the uneducated shepherd. On one occasion, John said to my uncle, " The Church is very wise, but there is one thing I often thought it strange she never did ; I am too ignorant myself," said the good soul, " to be a priest, but I wonder there isn't some kind of a place where I could go from the world and pray and work too." John had never heard of the Monastic Orders, and when Father Tom explained to him that there were such places as he indicated, and the position of a lay brother, " That's what I mean," he exclaimed, with delight : " Oh ! it's the Church that is wise, and I am foolish." Dear John McRae ! I love his memory still, when I recall his gentle smile, and gentle kindly ways. It was a sight to see John playing with the children at school ; he was six feet seven in his stockings, the biggest man I ever saw ; but a child at heart, and the favourite of children. When John came to his duties, he had always a bed in my house, I re garded it as a pri vilege and an honour to entertain the shepherd, for I looked upon him as a saint. I said that John learned more from his " Hail Mary," than from his priest. The following incident will show the truth of it. One day John said to me, " I have a scruple, sir, about an answer I made to a Protestant neighbour ; it was before I was instructed by your uncle. He had been reading his Bible on Sunday, and came upon a passage which he never saw before, and didn't understand, i St. John, 7.8. "And there are three who give testimony in heaven, the Father, the Word and the Holy Ghost, and these three are one. And there are three that give testimony on earth ; the Spirit, the water and the blood and these three are one.' And the Protestant asked me how my Church would explain it, and I am afraid I may have said what was heresy." " And what did you say ?" I asked, curious to hear John's explanation of such a difficult pass'age. " Well, you see, sir, I never heard of it before, and didn't know what to say ; but I said " The first part is easy enough ; Lhe Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, the three persons of the Trinity, and they are all one God and they all gave testimony. The Father when he cried . aloud at his Son's baptism — ' This is vii/ Son , hear ye Him ; ' and the Son gave testimony of himself by .His works — ' I am the Son of God,' and the Holy Ghost gave testimony when He appears as a dove, and also in the form of fiery tongues on Pentecost. Three persons — one God. But the second/part is not so plain ; but you see,", cbntinubd John, to his friend, "God works on earth like what he does in heaven, and as there is a Trinity in heaven, so there is a Trinity on earth, corresponding with the threeirheayenthe water, the spirit, and ti:;lolob(3 /The wafer corresponds to H6|er,'inditv is by water we become- the children of God, and it was at the baptism of Jesus by water that the Father gave, testimony of Him — ' This is my Son # hear Him.' Then we have ,the£ spirit — the sacrament of Confirma tion, in which we receive the Spirit that gave testimony 0,onrJP£ntecpst-;!;/ and' ' ' mere visr also' the blood — the sacrament of the Eucharist ; and although there are seven1 sacraments ' yet these three are the principal ones, and are an image of the Trinity— the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The water, the blood, and the Spirit, three different sacra ments, but all giving, the one grace of God. So there are three in heaven, and three on earth, and these three are one." You may be sure, gentle reader, I hastened to relieve John's mind, as to what T thought of his answer; and when I asked - him how he came to think of -it," I shall' never forget his smile as he answered, " Oh ! I learn a great deal from my Hail Mary/ " On a Saturday evening came a sick call — to John. A Prptestant neighbour had ridden the ten miles for the priest.- It was winter, and a heavy fall of snow lay on the ground. Of course I could not be back in time for my Sunday work, but the dying must be attended before the living, and so I started. A beautiful wild drive it' was. How drear and weird everything looked in the darkness ! Not a house within hail for miles ; not a sound, hut the distant murmuring of a mountain torrent, or the whir of a startled grouse by the roadside. How huge and grand the mountains looked as we drove along their base. We had to count- upon the one horse to do the double journey. " Go slowly and steadily," I said to 'the driver. " The person I am going to see. won't die beforemy arrival." We arri ved at Ullapool on Sunday morairig.1 A boat's crew put them selves at - my disposal .to cross the broad ferry when they heard I had come to see John MeRae-c and when I offered them money for their trouble,- they would take none, say ing they would never see the like of John again ; he was the best- : man in the whole country. I was the- first priest they had ever seen. For the. first time sinbe the so-called Reformation, the Blessed Sacrament was . borne that day through those desolate glens to com fort, as of old, the sick and the dying. John however did not die on this occasion. A ylear after, my successor made the same journey to ! bring strength and comfort to him on his deathbed. His death was like his life — beautiful and holy. He was one of the gentlest and purest of men.' The reader, will be glad to learn that John had the happiness1 before death to see his mother return to the Faith she had abandoned. ' I . could narrate many traits of interest in the character of this truly " gentle shep herd," but I have said ample to warrant me in styling his conversion wonderful.. AiNEAS. CHISHOLM. 