TOPICS OF THE DAT. IT happened at a country pub, a week or two ago- ! A candidate for Parliament addressed the voters there ; He spoke on politics and things, just for an hour j or so, ! The while an old identity sat stolid in the ¡ chair ; But one amongst the crowd of men made noise and rude remark. And threatened that he'd punch the head of friend and of relation ; He'd got a beer or two aboard-he'd come there for a lark But he'd not reckoned that he'd meet the Man from Tungay Station ! And when he staggered to his feet» prepared to have his say To tell the crowd just what his views on current topics were, (He was a man of loutish mien, with bair of iron gray. Who punctuated all his speech with words that we call " swear") ; They let him go until he said as much as he desired, And then there rose an angry bowl of vir tuous indignation ; Also a giant form bobbed up, with aspect sad and tired It waathe well-known figure of the Man from Tungay Station He simply swung himself beside the chap who'd made toe noise, And grabbed him by the collar and then jammed him to a seat, And midst the heartiest applause of all the country boys, He twined a stockwhip round his neck and stood Wm on hjs <raet ; ?« I'll haveto chain you tip/' he said, "if you're, not very quiet"; The bully looked respectful, midst a burst of acclamation; HE'D had knocked out of him bis bluff and ell his " flash" and riot HB knew he had no child to face in the Man from tungay Station ! 'Twas ever thus-the blusterer is always found a cur, Who makes a row and boasts a lot of what he means todo; Yet put him to the test but once and you will see, good Sir, That he's as great a braggat as you ever saw or knew. The man who's got the courage isn't built at all that way ; His gentleness will always form a theme for admiration, To prove that there is grit and truth in what I've had to say Just look at that good-humored chap-the Man from Tungay Station 1 Colonel Holborow, the doughty Bioh mond freetrader, bas afoot a scheme of considerable importance, the object of which is to effect the consolidation of the foroes of the Liberal Party in the Hawkes bury Electorate; and be proposes very shortly to make a move in the direction ot carrying the project into effect. It is a cir cumstance worthy of note that for years the Freetrade organizations whioh once flourished in most of the electorates of the colony have been allowed to lapse, the while the advocates and supporters of Re striction have been actively doing their propoganda work and gathering converts to their folds. The wonder of it all is this that the Freetrade party should have been able to so successfully withstand the assault made upon their, citadel at the recent election-seeing that they had but one gun with which to fight, whilst their opponents fired shot and shell into their ranks from their Federation and Protection weapons. It is certainly a tribute to the soundness of the principles which the freetraders up hold that they should have been so success ful in a contest waged against such tre mendous odds-for both the Barton and Lyne parties were well-organized and fully prepared for the contest, whilst the Free traders had not a single institution in ex istence to come to their aid. It is on record that the General Secretary of the National Protection Union was so well for tified with facts and figures that he could furnish to the curious all sorts of informa tion regarding the 125 electorates of the colony ; could inform intending candidates as to their chances of success in freetrade electorates,-and, practically speaking, give them the etraight tip from a political point of view. In his office is suspended, for in stance, a map of the colony, with all tb electorates distinctly marked off. Take tin Hawkesbury as a case in point, and yoi will see a patch of blue upon it at the spo where Riverstone stands-the blue indi eating that this centre goes strongly fo Freetrade ; Colo is coloured red, so tha the initiated may be made aware of thi fact that Protection is there regarded as thi only policy capable of bringing about thi political and industrial salvation of the col ony-and in like manner each polling centre bears its distinctive shade, according to the proclivities of the population then resident. In addition, Mr. Schey, who ii an animated political encyolopoedia, has bj him data relating to all the elections of thi ! past twenty years, with the " names I weights, and colours of the riders," as the] say on the turf ; and he is thus able to pul before ftO-Twptring Parliamentarian everj necessary fact and figure. The Freetraders, on the other hand, have done nothing ii I the direction of welding their forces togeth er, but have Always fought, so to speak, it a sort of haphazard fashion, depending more upon the good sound judgment of i work-a-day people for support than upor j the efforts of an organization. j The time has now oome, however, wher I something mast ie done in the direction ol federating our freetrade forces, and if il every other electorate some enterprieîof advocate of unrestricted oommerce can of ? bo induced to fbUosrtne excellent ï«iw»r shown by Colonel Holborow in theBawkV bury, then there will be brought about i consolidation which will prove absolutely impregnable should the next contest it N.S.W. hinge upon the fiscal question. Il is gratifying, indeed, to find an old political warrior like Colonel Holborow maintain ing such a vast amount of interest io those great principles of which he was foi many years an active Parliamentary ex ponent ; the more particularly as there ar« in the land many other men who once pro fessed to be most ardent believers, but whose faith was so weak that it could not bear the strain when once their own bulg ing pockets were touched so that freetrade in its purity might be established. They CALLED themselves freetraders, but they were so only in name ; they were the fashionable friends of freetrade, and once the principle was put into practice they all at once pro fessed to discover that the true panacea for all the political ills from which the people were suffering was Protection. It remained for some of the more consistent and honest workers in the great movement-men, like Colonel Holborew, who regarded politics not from a petty personal standpoint, but from a broad national aspect-to continue the fight, and to attract to the ranks so deserted others who plainly saw through the selfish reasons which had caused the withdrawal of the revenue tarriffist section from the party of Liberalism and Progress. Let us hope that the doughty Colonel's pro ject will prove eminently successful, as it undoubtedly deserves to be, and that in every centre of this district there will be j found a band of workers eager and willing ' to take up cudgels on behalf of that cause which has had Buch strong support in the Hawkesbury ever since fiscalisai has been the Bubject of our periodical political fights. One need not here enter into any discussion of the merits of Freetrade and Protection, save to say that as far as facts and figures can prove anything, the progress of N.S.W. under the first-named policy has been rapid ' and permanent ; whilst, in contradistinction thereto, the effect of restriction in adjoining colonies has been such as to produce in dustrial and commercial stagnation. We on two separate occasions have had a bitter taste of the effects of customs duties for protective purposes-and on each occasion the " sneakers in" of that most abominable system of " taxation through the stomach and the back," have received their political quietus as soon as the people have had au opportunity of getting hold of them at a general election. A lot of complaint has boen raised in Parramatta and in several other electorates since the election, in consequence of "the boycott" having been brought into requisi tion by the supporters of one candidate as against those who gave their adherence to his opponent. It is publicly stated, for iu efcance, that many of Mr. W. J. Ferris* friends have resorted to this despicable method of revenging themselves upon several business-men, who, believing that they were living in a free country, threw in their poiitiQal lot with Mr. Dowell O'Reilly '.^ni«esult being that their purchases of atfa$> and sugar and colonial beer are made no^ *t Opposition establishments. Of connie ail men possess the privilege of con feft&g; their patronage upon whom they $féas*f and no valid objection could be olsSedtothe pursuance of this particular lîtie ot conduct were it not for the circum stance that the boycotters have publicly an nounced their reasons for changing their bakers And their barbers, and have conse quently made their action subjeot for street comer criticism. In other electorates the same species of meanness has been resorted to--though aa far as the GAZETTE knows, is no record in the Hawkesbury of a gross assault on the political and liberty of the people having been com -a circumstance for which all right ting Liberals must feel highly and in '^^^à^m0*^ Wöft*r-ft»*. of people itiön^-wbatüBort of tyrants ¡ey develop into if they had the power to enforce their will ? One would have thought that with the institution of the ballot system and the abolition of open voting in Ibis colony all the frenzied at tempts of partisans to compel men to vote at their bidding and behest would have been abandoned ; but it would appear from recent revelations that the tyranical in stincts ot some people die hard, and that in default of being able to compel their baker or their grocer to vote at their dictation, they resort to the despicable course of with drawing their weekly custom from the one or the other, as a sort of well-merited pun ishment. It is at least worthy of note that in these days few men can be intimidated or badgered into doing that which they are unwilling to do, even at the instance of a cash customer,-and the sooner these latter gentry alter their line of action, the better for all concerned. There ia no meaner specimen of alleged humanity to be found anywhere than the creature who, whilst claiming the right to use his judgment and his vote as he pleases, is unwilling to allow his next-door neighbour the same liberty. Riverstone folk have decided that there is more than a mere modicum of truth in the old saying that " God helps those who help themselves" ; and, therefore, instead of importuning Mr. Much-Victimised Jack Government, in the direction of securing a grant for expenditure on the clearing of the local cemetery, they have decided to make a call on the able-bodied men of the locality, who are expected to lend a band in the matter of accomplishing the work re ferred to. Far too much begging has been indulged in of late years by bodies of people who, if they but laid their ears back and and put their best feet forward, would be able to secure with comparative ease the ends they have in view ; but just because the Government of the day has come to be recognised as a sort ©fyi)¡len cow, they look to its members for pecuniary assistance in matters which are altogether outside their proper province. The GAZETTE has on more than one previous occasion pointed to the deplorable condition into which the dis trict burial-grounds have been allowed to drift ; and has animadverted on the bad taste displayed by those who have relatives laid to rest in " God's Acre" in allowing these sacred areas to become the regular wildernesses they for the most part are. It is a queer commentary, indeed, upon the boasted regret which some people express when a relative departs this land for *' other worlds than ours" that they should allow the little nook in which his or her remains are laid to rest to become overrun with rank weeds and noxious growth, when a little hard work periodically would clear same and remove from the locality ¡ts unsightly aspect. Take any of our Windsor and Richmond cemeteries as an example, and the visitor will find them in a condition which is a positive disgrace to all eon« cerned, strewn aB they for the most part are with broken headstones, decaying palisad ing, and a plentiful crop of noxious weeds. A few days' work by a score or so of parishion ers onoe every half-year would removo all cause for complaint, and would render the cemeteries accessible to all and sundry, U is a pity that some steps in the direction indicated are not taken by the representa tives of all the denominations which have cemeteries in the district, though now that Riverstone folk have shown an example» it is to be ardently hoped that others will follow. A contributor to the "S.M. Herald," signing himself " Manxman," wrote on Saturday last for the purpose, evideutly, of airing his knowledge on the subject of that island's form of government, concluding his remarks by instituting a comparison be tween the systems in vogue in the Isle of Man and in N.S.W* Amongst other things he said : ; \'r; istered by tte 125 paid members here. ^Tïiw are . mostly business mea, ead do their work well and thoroughly to the satisfaction of their constitoeot*. otherwise they need never face them seeking re election. Mr. G. H. Reid would not have the ghost of a show there. This gratuitous piece of impertinence does not come well from the pen of a Manxman, surely, whose very residence in our colony may be regarded as prima- faoie evidence of the fact that he can make a better living here than he can in the island which Hall Caine has made famous. If Manx laws and conditions are so much better than those which pre vail in N.S.W., why on earth does not this carping critic return to the land of his birth and for ever abjure all association with Reid-ridden N.S.W ? It makes one feel quite ill et times to hear folk running down thin colony, and denouncing its rulers and its government, when at the same time we know full well that there is not in the State a team of oxen sufficiently strong to drag them outside its con fines. Years ago the writer came across a compositor at the Government Printing office, who originally came from England, and who was never tired of abusing N.S.W. or of lauding to the skies his native land. And this, despite the circumstance that he fed well here, whilst there he did not get a square meal once a week,-that there a few shillings per week was his wage, whilst here his services were paid for at the rate of three pounds. But though he grumbled, there was no power on earth which could induce him to return to the great hub of the universe-and the fact that be is still in his placa at the G.P.O. is proof positive of the fact that he has no very frenzied desire to cut himself adrift from N.S.W. Perhaps it is so with the Manxman, who is very much akin in sentimont to quite a host of those grizzled folk who utilize to its utmost the Britisher's most precious prerogative-" to grumble to his heart's content." But these gentry should have some sort of gratitude in their competition-they should recognise that whilst there must ever remain in their hearts a tender spot for the land of their nativity, some sort of generous sentiment should be felt for the new land of their adoption. The best country is that in which the greatest and widest diffusion of Ibe good things of lifo is effected, and if the Isle ol Mao is ahead of N.S.W. ic this re spect, then Mr. Manxman is certainly ve'y ätupid to rt mai 0 a day longer in this colony ot ours. 