WXoundded Pad OR A Queer Case in Surgery \- ---- -- - OHAPTER I. THE MANS WITH TEB BANDAGED HASD. "I beg your pardon, sir; are you physician I" Detective Carter turned and surveye the person who thus addressed him. He saw a thin, dark, inervous man ver well dressed, and with an air of wealth His right hand was rudely bandaged. "I heard that man call you doctor," th stranger continued, apologetically; "and as I am in a great hurry to have my han attended to, I ventured to address you.' The man who had called the detectir "doctor" was old Mike, a newedealer. Mike prides himself upon being ab e t read at a glance the trade or profession of every customer. In this case his guess wa not bad, for the famous detective lookee like the average fashionable physician o New York. Ordinarily, in such a case, he would simply have corrected the mistake, but something in the aspect of the man who now confronted him, engaged his interes in a remarkable degree. And so, like the Yankee, he evaded the question by askinj another. " What ails your hand ?' he said. "I don't know," was the reply; "bu It gives me great pain." Garter could read that in the stranger's face, which was drawn with agony. " Come with me," sid Carter; and the other, without hesitation, accompanied him. The detective led the way to the office of a friend-Doctor Horace Gordon- which was near by. It was about half-past eight o'clock in the forenoon, and the doctor's patients had not begun to arrive. Doctor Gordon was alone in his office. "ABh, good-morning, doctor,' paid Carter. "Were you waiting ts' see me I" Gordon saw that Carter was takitltho part of a physician, and took ti instantly. " Yes," he said, rising as if r "but since you have a patient-'' "Don't go," said Carter; " Isilare this gentleman will not object to ur presence." " Not at all," said the stranger. "And now," he continued, "let' ve a look at your hand." The man set his teeth hard. Then, with great care, as if the operatioh'wvas extremely painful, he began to rerdve the bandage. There were several strips of cloth, and he unwound them slowly. At last the hand was bare. Dr Gordon could not repress an ex clamation of surprise. The hand was without a sear. It was, to all appear ances, as healthy as a hand could be. "There is no external sign of trouble," said Carter, quietly. " Where does the pain seem to be ? ' "It is there," said the stranger, pointing to a spot almost in the middle of the back of the hand. " What is the sensation l" "A terrible burning. The fire of a turnace seems concentrated in that spot I" "This is very remarkable." said Carter. '1 should like to have the benefit of your advice, doctor. Will you make an examination I" Doctor Gordon made a most searching investigation, using the microscope, and every other aid which the practice of modern surgery could suggest. "I can discover nothing," he said, at last. "But, gentlemen, I am in agony," cried the patient " it seems that some deadly acid were 'mnsuming my flesh." Doctor Gordorn made a sign to Carter that he considerea the tan insane. Carter questioned tale strianger closely. His answers were perfectly rational. Not one of the ordinary symptoms of mania was present except excitement, and that might be the result of physical pain. " Well. sir," said Carter, at last, " there is nothing that I can do for you." "Yes, there is," the man protested. "You can relieve me if you will "But how ?" ' By the knife. Cut out this piece of flesh." He took a lead pencil from the table and drew a very small circle upon his hand. It was scarcely larger than the head of a pin. Both Carter and Doctor Gordon pro tested against such a couro. lhey 0s sured the man that there was absolutely nothing the matter with his hand. He insisted. He begged them not to let him endure such torments when a few seconds' work with a scalpel would relieve him. At last, opening a case of instruments t'at lay on the doctor's table, he selected the proper one for the work, and ai nounced his intention of performing 5t operation upon himself. "'inly bandage the wound for me when it is done," he begged. "That is all I will ask of you." "Since the ratient insists," said Dooe tor Gordon, obeying a sign from Carter, "I think we should do what he wishes." " In that mae," aid Carter, "I will ask you to perform the operation.' Doctor Gordon took the surgical in* utroment. The stranger expressed the greatest satisfaction He held out his hand, and did not flinch while the doctor removed tlse mincte piece of flesh which bad been in. dicated by the circular mark. The wound was scarcely more than a scratch, but it bled quite freely. Doctor Gordon prepared to bandage it. "Do nit chock the flow of blood so soon," said the stranger. ' Ah, if yon only knew whata relief this is to me.t His face worn an expression of rapture as he watched the blood drip from his hend. "All my pain is gone," he said. " I earnestly thank you."' echne Carter and the doctor exchanged glances. Here was a queer case, surely. It wa iimposoible to believe that this polished gentleman, so rational in his manner, could be insane. His act was extraordinary, but not necessarily maniacal. There might be some obscure cause for his ailment and its strange cure. After the wound had been neatly ban daged the man took his leave, with many expressions of thanks. As soon as the door had closed behind him, Carter turned to the doctor. "What do you make of it 1" he asked. Doctor Gordon snook his head. " He's the sanest lunatic I ever saw, or the craziest sane man; I don't know which." SYoue are sure there was nothing the matter with his hand 1" " If there was, the case is a medical, i* or rather a surgical mystery, which I would give a good deal to be able to fol low up. " You may have a chance to do it, for I 8S am going to follow the man up, and I'll let you know what I discover." As he spoke, the detective made some rapid changes in his appearano. Another moment, and he was upon the street, walking rapidly toward Sixth-avenue. He felt sure that the strange patient had come down town on the elevated road, and had got off at the Fiftieth-street station. This opinion proved sound. The man was on the platform when he reached that point. They rode up town face to face, and the man with the bandaged hand had no suspicion that the white-haired, venerable gentleman before him was the "swell" young doctor whom he had accosted a few minutes before. On the way Carter had a chance to study the other's face. All trace of Sphysical pain had vanished. The man's expression was grave, and 7even melaccholy at times, but sane al ways. There had been an air of mystery about him at first. The keen eye of the detec tive had marked him for one who was doing something outside the ordinary course of his life, and doing it secretly. That was the reason why he had been so deeply interested in him. The man had courteously but firmly declined to give his name when Doctor Gordon had hinted that it was his custom to make a record of his patients. As he watched the man in the train, however, Carter judged that he had laid aside his secrecy. His demeanor, which at first had faintly suggested the criminal, was now far removed from such a criticism. He left the train at Eighty-first street, walkel a little way on the avenue, and then turned eastward. Presently he entered a very handsome, new house. which, judging from his man ner. was certainly his home His follower walked slowly past the house and then returned. As he ap proached it the second time, a man came out hastily and ran toward Ninth avenue. It was Doctor Douglass. the expert on nervous diseases. Doctor Douglass entered the drug store on the corner, and Carter followed. "I want your electric battery, Allen," he heard Doctor Douglass say to the drogrist. "'haon there's hope for her," cried Allen, evidently much surprised. "I don't know; it's hard to say," replied the doctor. "At least, she is not dead " Allen hastened into the back room. Carterapproached Doctor Douglass, whom he knew very well. " Doctor," he said, " I wish to ask a favor of you." " Who are youl' ae,,,,, tho doctor. " I know your voice." "Detective Carter," was the reply. The doutor uttered an exclamation of surprise. " I want you to secure me admission to that house from which you have just come. I wish to see your patient." "Good heavens, Carter! are you on f this casoel Who secured your help I Her family '" " Whose family 7" "Why, Mrs Langdon's, of course." "She is your patient 1" " Certainly." "And the thin, dark man who just entered the house is her husband "' " Yes. Did he enoage you2" "Not exactly. What is the matter with Mrs Langdon 1" " Mr Carter, I tell you frankly that I haven't the remotest idea. Just after midnight her husband entered her room and found her unconscious. I was called, and at first pronounced her dead. I have been with her ever since, and have at last satisfied myself that she is living. There is no sign of it except the temperature of the bhdy. She has not grown cold. Otherwise she is dead, to all appearance." " From what cause ?" " I don't know. There is no sign of disease nor a single mark of injury." " Can ' see her 1" The doctor hesitated. Then he spoke impulsively. " Yes. I think it the beet thing possible. The cane will have to be in vestigated some time, and you're the best man to do it. The sooner the better. Come I" " You will introduce me as a doctor. Ihavo already played the part once to day." " I will." At this moment Allen appeared with the battery, in a box. Doctor Douglms took it, and he and Carter made their way at once to the house of the Langdons. * I am greatly mistaken," whispered the physician, as they entered, "if you are n'ot, at this mnoment, on the threshold of one of the most fascinating mysteries which even your experiences can furnish." CHAPTER II. LIVING OR DEADI A lovely woman's face, rigid as marble, was framed in golden curls upon a pillow of down. The eyes were closed to all the luxury which wealth and love had brought around her. Two women whispered by a window. One had gray hair; the other was under thirty. Each had the beauty of her time of life, and a keso eye could trace in the face of that of t!' elder and in that upon the pillow, the strange suggestion which constitutes family resemblance. The glances which they cast toward the bed were not pleasant to see. They were directed not toward the quiet face upon the pillow, bhit towardo a dark, thin man who seat beside the bed, with his right hand swathed mO a bandage. He did not look at the death-like countenanco of his wife, nor toward the two women by the window. His eyes had a fixed and somewhat vacant stare. Carter followed their direction, and decided that if the man saw anything, it was only'the eide of a curious old writing desk in a corner. He was evidently deep in thought. " I have ventured to call Doctor BMonroo in cnnsultation,i' said Doctor Douglass. The man by the bed started as if wakened from a reverie. " By all means," he said, courteously. "I have made a most minute examina tion," said Doctor Douglass. "TThere is not the slightest scar or mark anywhere '5 The detective approached the bed and gently lifted the beautiful head from,the pillow. I a Doctor Douglass frowned slightly. " I tell you there is nothing," said he. t "At first I thought, as you do, that a a violent shock to the head was the cause 1 of-" He was about to say "death," but modified the expression into "this Speculiar, trancelike condition." Carter in the privacy of his own 1 thought, admitted that he was puzzled as he had not been for years. Ho glanced from the' man 'who had been tortured by aninvisible wound to the woman who was dying of an undis r coverable injury, and was half inclined to believe in some new agent of murder, too subtle for physician or detective. Had this sombre man raised his hand against his wife, and transfixed that hand Swith his own mysterious weapon, which stabbed and left no scar 7" He quickly shook off these fancies, Swhich had never troubled his brain I before, and began to help Doctor Douglass to adjust the electrical insetru. Sment. The experiment which followed was absolutely without result. No change whatever could be discovered in the Scondition of the patient. As Detective Carter raised his head from a last searching look into the white face on the pillow, he saw that the younger of the two women was beckoning to him from a half-open door. He followed her into an adjoining apartment, where he found the elder woman waiting in great distress. " Doctor Monroe," the younger woman began, "are you a friend to Mr Lang don 1" "I have never met him before," was the reply. "I thought so, and I am glad of it. You will not be prejudiced." "Please exp ain yourself." "I am Mrs Langdon's sister-in-law. My husband is Herbert Gleason." "Now State Senator, I believe I" "Yes. I am naturally shocked by this dreadful affair, but I will not give up hope yet. All the resources of medical skill must first be exhausted. " Meanwhile, however, there is one thing which must be done. Louise-Mrs Langdon -must be taken from this house." " Indeed I" exclaimed Carter, feigning surprise. " I certainly should not advise it. Why remove her from this place, where she can have every attention 1" The woman looked at him steadily for half a minute. Then shle said, slowly - "Tell me the cause of her present condition." "I cannot." " Is she stricken with disease 7" "There is absolutely no sign of it." " Yesterday she was as well as I am. I tell you, Doctor Monroe, that she has been poisoned." Carter shook his head. " There is no sign of any poison known to the medical profession," he said. "Moreover, by what accident- " The woman madean impatient gesture. " Don't talk to me of accidents 1" she exclaimed. " What, then "Talk of a man's insane jealousy. Talk of murder I" ')You accuse her husband 7" ')Let the facts speak for themselves. E ~..vas alone with her." ' But was he jealous 7" No, no," exclaimed the elder woman, w was also in the room. "I have ursr seen a sign of it." Nonsense " cried the other, in a h tone. "All husbands are jealous." .a.abaurd sentiment made Carter lti arply at the woman before him. our remark," he said, coldly, "does nol of course, apply to State Senator GI en. .laughed nervously. y husband is an exception," she sai 'don't think you have any grounds fra uppecting Mr Langdon." " r I," exclaimed the elder woman. " Ti y were devoted to each other. You should not say such dreadful things, Louise." "If you disregard them," said Louise, impressively, "you will be sorry." " I will make a quiet investigation," said Carter, "and if I can find a shadow of justification for your accusation, I will have Mrs Langdon taken elcewhere." "To my house, ' said the elder woman. Ile amsled and shook his head. "That is impossible," he said. "Mr Langdon would never consent." "Then what will you do ?" "Remove her to a hospital. We can make some pretence in regard to appara tus necessary for the proper treatment, which cannot be taken from the hospi tal." In his own mind the detective was thu roughly determined upon the removal of the patient. He went at once to Doctor Douglass, secured his csnmsent, and then laid the ease privately before Langdon. He had hardly begun to speak before Langdon interrupted him. " You need not mince matters with me," he said. " Louise Gleason has ac cused me of murder. That is the plain fact." ''Do you suppose I don't know it? Why, I read the accusation in her eyes while she was talking with Mrs Gleason there by the window, just as you and Doctor Douglass came in." "I shall let her have her way. Do whatever you think best in regard to re moving my wife's body. It will make no difference. She is already dead." " It may make a great deal of differ. ence," was all that Oarter iaid. Ho immediately made arrangements for transferring Mrs Langdon to St. Winifred's Hospital He went with her, and it was late in the afternoon when he returned.to the house. He found Langdon sitting on the empty bed, in almost the same attitude which he had held when he had first seen him there. He was looking in exactly the same direction, with the same vacant stare. It required considerable effort to arouse him from his reverie. " Ah, is it you, doctor ?" he asked lan. guidly. "What have you to tell me P" " There is no change." "She will certainly die, and I shall be accused of killing her." " I fear you are right; and, such being the case, I think you should tell me the circumstances attending your discovery of your wife's illness last night." " There is nothing to tell. I came into this room at midnight, and found her just as you saw her. That is absolutely all." " Had you ever quarrelled I" "Never. Who says that we have I" Carter was not ready to answer that question. Mrs Herbert Gleason had spoken of jealousy in a general way, but, when he had asked for an instance of Langdon's jealousy, the woman had been forced to admit that she had never seen or heard of a quarrel between them. " I will tell you who told you," said Langdon. "It was Mrs Herbert Glea son. That woman is insane upon the subject. She endeavored to dissuade her sister-in-law from marrying me, for no other reason than that husbands were always jealous. I care nothing for that accusation. I will not lift a finger in my defence. I care nothing for my life. It is worthless now." "No man's life is worthless. If it isn't worth anything to himself, let him make it worth something to others." " To whom now that I have lost her," asked Langdon, and for the first time he showed genuine emotion. "To all who suffer," said Carter, solemnly. "Ah, who can suffer as I do I" cried Langdon, and, springing to his feet, he began to pace the floor. The detective noted that the expres sion of pain which the man's face had worn that morning had returned. Presently, without a word, he hastened out of the room. As soon as he was alone, the detective sat down in the chair where Langdon had sat nearly all that day. He copied the man's attitude exactly. and his eyes were turned in the same direction, and with the same expression. Then he arose, and walked straight to the old-fashioned writing-desk. It had a high back. Its side was turned towards the chair which he had just left. The detective laid his finger upon the side of the desk. "He was looking at this spot, beyond a doubt," he murmured. Then his face took on a look of great satisfaction. " I nearly laid my finger right on it," he said to, himself. "Here is the secret spring." He touched the spring, which was cleverly concealed in the carved wood work. Instantly a large part of that side of the desk became movable. It swung open like a door. Behind it, in a narrow space between the inner and outer walls of the desk, were many sheets of paper. A light, thin bar of wood across the space prevented the papers from falling down. "Letters," muttered he, "and in a man's hand. Not Langdon's, certainly. Full of the wildest protestations of love. Ah, her name I Well, here is the motive at least" CHAPTER III, THE BANDAOED HAND AGAIN. "In mercy's name, out deeper." "But, man, I tell you again and again that it will do no good." These were the words which Detective Carter heard as he stood for a momen' outside the door of Doctor Gordon's office. He had gone there at once on finding that Langdon had left the house, and knocked upon the door, He was in the isguise which he had worn that morn ing. Langdon recognised him as soon as ae was admitted The unhappy man had torn the ban lage from his hand, and was begging 3ordon to use the knife again. His ace was contorted with pain. His whole lppearance was pitiful. He turned to the new-comer. It was vident that he made a tremendous ffort to speak calmly. "The operation relieved me for a ime," he said, "but you did not re nove enough of the diseased flesh." "My dear sir, your flesh is as healthy 5s an infant's," said Gordon. "Is it lot so I' He appealed to the detective, who ook Langdon's hand. The little wound nade that morning was already begin ling to close healthily. "I must disagree with you, doctor," aid he. "I detect unhealthy symptoms, ,nd would recommena the course which he patient advises. He signalled to Gordon as he said this. Lhe ph sician immediately abandonbd his ipposition. Garter took an inatrumaolAt. - .1 o1- A. inlargod the wound in Langdon's hand, aking care to make it bleed copiously. Again this strange man's face changed roa an expression of agony to one of cstasy. " This will effect a permanent cure," he aid. " I feel sure of it. You have saved se." When the wound had been bandaged, jangdon put his left hand into a pocket f his coat, and drew forth a large sum of aoney. " This trifling fee-" Langdon began. "Not one penny," said the detective. 'You have already more than repaid a." " How l" "By permitting us to see a most stonishing case in surgery, The obscure ause of your disease-" " You do not know it I" cried Laogdon, [uickly. " Not yet, but I hope to discover it in ime." Langdon smiled as if relieved. " In the interests of science," he said, I suppose I should wish you success. unt I believe that it will baffe you." He took his leave most courteously. The detective did not "trail " him this ime. Instead, he assumed the disguise rhich he had worn at Mr Langdon's louse, and went to call upon the Glea ens. ie found Mrs Gleason and Mr and irs Herbert Gleason in the drawing. oom, to which a butler ushered him. To them he reported Mrs Langdon's londition as unchanged. "They refused to let me see my laughter," said Mrs Gleason, who was in ears. " My son says that he will force hem to do so." " If you will be guided by my advice," aid Carter, "you will not insist." Ho then used such excellent arguments hat all three agreed to allow the hospital hysicians to have their way. Carter ould not have accomplished this except y assuring them that they should be ummoned when is was found that Mrs jangdon was surely dying. '" And now," said the Senator, " do ou think that there is any reason to uspect Langdon of being the cause of his 1" " None whatever," said Carter, tromptly. Gleason looked in triumph toward his vife. "I am glad she confided her sus )iciona to you alone," said he. " I can ieo at a glance that you are a man of liscrotion." " The truth is that my wife is possessed vith this notion of man's jealousy. It's Sregular monomania with her. "I wouldn't mention such a thing, of :ourse, if it were not that you have been et so far into the family secrets that it's iseless to try to keep you out. You must egard me as a monster of jealousy." "I do not." " Then you do me no more than jus ice. The truth is, that about a year ago [ objected to a young fellow's attentions 0o my wife. "There wasn't the least harm on either tide, of course. It was merely foolishness, sd that's why I called a halt. This man, Loring-" " Herbert I" exclaimed his wife. " Well, I didn't mean to mention his name, but it's out now. He was Arthur Loring, and a very good fellow, too, I lare say, though rather indiscreet." " Indiscreet I what do you think of tour own conduct at this moment 1" " I think," said Gleason, replying with some warmth to his wife's protest, " that ua doctor will treat this information as strictly confidential. And I also think that he ought to have it, in order to un ierstand your position in regard to Lang ion. "' It's no small thing to charge a man with murder, as you have done, and I'm [oing my best to stop this affair right here. I think Doctor Monroe under stands me." "I do, perfectly, and I think you have done the wisest thing possible." " I cannot agree with you," said the Senator's wife, angrily ; and she left the room. Gleason, who had remained calm throughout this interview, permitted his emotion to be seen after his wife had gone. "For Heaven's sake," he cried, excitedly, "don't act upon my wife's word to you this morning. I have simply been scared to death ever since I hoard about it. "If you mix us up in such a scandal, it will simply ruin me. I'm under obligations to LFngdon that make it tremendously important for me to keep out of this. "I tell you again that my wife-is simply crazy upon this subject Why, she never reads in the papers of a woman's death, but she thinks at once that she was murdered by a jealous husband." It looked very much as if Gleaaon was trying exceedingly hard to shield Lang don. Carter wondered how much of a figure those "obligations" cut in the present affair. and he also wondered what Gleason would think if he knew of the discor-ry of the letters. One thing was evident-his investiga tion would receive no aid from the Gleasons unless the young woman could elude her husband, and inform him further as to the oasis of her suspicions. He tried to satisfy Gleason's fears. " You may trust iu my discretion," he said; and took his leave. For nearly a week after this, the course of affairs must have been quite satisfac tory to the Senator. Not a word about the affair reached the ears of the public. Mrs Langdon remained at the hospital, and nobody was allowed to see her. Langdon confined himself to his house, except upon one occasion. That was on an evening when he again visited the office of Doctor Gordon. His hand had begun to pain him again. Acting under Carter's advice, Doctor Gordon used the knife again, but very sparingly. He drew blood, and that was abuut all; but Langdon was relieved. Three days later, the detective sat in the doctor's office. It was about four o'clock in the afternoon. Gordon was not there. A man, whomhe remembered as a servant in Langdon's house, came with a note. It was addressed to Doctor Gordon. The reader will remember that when Carter first took Langdon to the doctor's office, the detective played the part of Gordon, while the real Gordon repre sented himself as a physioian who happened to have called. This deception had boon maintained throughout, on Langdon's subsequent visit to the office. When, therefore, he saw the note addressed to Gordon, he knew that it was meant for himself. He broke the seal and real " You have done your best for me, but a time has come when no man can save me. However, I owe you a debt of gratitude, and I will pay it. Follow the bearer to my house, and you shall know the secret of my torture." Detective Carter obeyed that summons with an alacrity quite remarkable, even n so active a man. He did not lose one lecond. When they had reached the house, the servant ushered him in wh icant courtesy. In fact the man seemed vercome with fear. He had never ceased to tremble durig " iSbmathfis '-" readful is happening in his house, sir," he said. " What it i, 1 lon't know; but Mr Langdon's loofs, ir, when he sent me for you, were enough :o freeze the heart in a stone image, sir; ;hey were indeed." " Where is he ?" "In her room, sir." "You mean his wife's 1" "Yes, sir. - And you are to go up done, and rap three times. I daren't go lear the door, sir." "It won't be necessary. "I wish o send you upon an errand." The man took the note given him, and seemed glad of the chance to get away. But he had one question to ask. " Mrs Langdon, sir, is she ever coming )aok V" "Don't wait to ask questions. Take ;hat note." Carter ran up stairs, and rapped three imes upon the door of the apartment which had been Mrs Langdon's A hoarse and weak voice answered " Who's there 1" "Doctor Gordon," was the answer. "Thank God," came the voice, "you ire not too late." The door was opened by what might well have seemed the ghost of Maurice Langdon. The man's hair was dishevelled; his iace the color of ashes. He wore no coat nor waistcoat, and his shirt was open at the throat-torn open evidently, for it hung in shreds. The right arm was bare, and the hand was without its bandage. That hand was covered with blood. A table stood near the window, beside ~he writing desk. Beside the table was a gigantic bowl of ancient pottery-some wonderful relic of a forgotten civlisation, vrought from the East. It was covered with hieroglyphics; and is Carter approached it, he saw that it :ontained a great quantity of blood. On the table was a small case of sur gical instruments. One of them had recently been used. While he made these observations, Langdon secured the door. " It has come to this," he said, calmly anough, though there was an insane light in his eyes. "There was no other :ure for my torture. Blood for blood Merciful heavens I How long will my reins supply it How long before the last drop will flow, and my pain be stilled Eorever I" CHAPTER IV. THE USFAITHFUL WIFE. Langdon' sank into the chair which stood before the great, ancient amphora. He held his hand above it, but the chill of the air that had come in through the open door had checked the flow of blood. Instantly the man's face became dis torted with agony. A basin of warm water stood upon the table. Langdon dipped a cloth in it, and drenched his hand and arm. The blood began to trickle down his fingers. He smiled as he looked at it. "Now the pain ceases," he said. " I can toll my story." " Let me check this flow of blood. You will weaken yourself too much.' "No, no 1" S" But, man, you are bleeding to death 1" "I know it. That is my last refuge. If you check it, I shall be convulsed with pain. I shall not be able to speak." Even at the risk of losing the strange disclosure, which he knew would follow, Carter could not see this man commit suicide without an effort to save him. He sprang forward. Instantly Langdon's left hand pre sented a pistol. He had taken It from his pocket with incredible rapidity. The act was so unexpected and so quickly done that the great detective for once was taken off his guard. He was, covered by that weapon, and to move was to die. He know that he was dealing with a madman. In suoh a case there is only one thing to do-to humor the delusion. " ery well," said he calmly; and he drew up aehair and sat down. "Now you will listen," said Langdon. "I will make the story brief." "I have been married less than half a year. The woman who gave me her hand was beautiful beyond description." " Was I" queried the listener. "Yes; she is dead." "When did she die 1" "This afternoon." "How did you learn of it 7" " I felt it hero." And Langdon held his right hand up for a moment. "Such a love as I felt for her," he continued, "your heart-if Heaven has blessed you sufficiently-may recognise, but no words can tell it. "For months I fancied that she loved me equally. For months, I say; but who can measure that enchanted time when a day is as brief as a moment, and a moment as long as a year in paradise. " And then in one tremendous instant, I fell, as Lucifer from the battlements of heaven. " Approach the idesk beside you. Touch that spring -" He laid a finger on it, and left a blood stain. The cunningly wrought door awung on its hinges. "Remove the letters," he continued. "Read them. No I Do not read them. Let her shame be imagined." He menaced Carter with a pistol, as, in obedience to the man's commands, the detective bent his gaze upon the letters. "There is one line in these accursed letters," Langdon continued, " which speaks of a lock of hair, a little golden curl above the pink tip of her ear. " I used to kiss that ringlet. Fiends of perdition 1 Would you believe that he had kissed it, too I " Well, let us not speak of it. Let us hurry on to what I did. " It was not revenge. It was merely justice. "She was asleep. Wait I Did I say that I accased her ? It is so. "Now, had she confessed, I would have spared her. I would have said: 'You have been false to me, be true to him.' "But she was false to both of us. She denied her guilt Of course I only hinted vaguely of my meaning A single word from me ; a word from her, and a well-feigned look of injured innocence in her great blue eyes. That was all. " So she lay asleep. There were tears in her eyes. You might have said that she wept in repentance. I knew better It was a trick. A woman can be false even in her dreams. "The little golden curl shone in the faint light. I bent over it---" Langdon rose in a frenzy as he reached this point. " And I drove this into her brain 1" With his blood-stained hand he held up a steel instrument w: ich had been pointed like a fine needle. It was then blunt, however, for the point had been broken off. "It made no wound at all," Langdon went on. " It broke short off and dis appeared. " I know just where to strike. I have studied the human brain. I reached a nerve centre which is like the innermost door in the house of life. I surprised her guilty secret there, no doubt. I burst in upon it, and she died I "There was one single drop of blood. turned her head upon the pillow, it fel upon me. " I saw it on the back of my hand, and wiped it off. Then I examined the white skin under the golden curl. There was not a sign of blood. I had taken it all upon myself. "I listened for the beating of her heart. It was still. The work was done. "Then what a cry I sent forth, throughout the house I "The rest is commonplace. They came with doctors. Suspicion was directed to me. They took her body away, foolishly believing that they could restore her to life. You can understand all that. "Butherblood! There is the mystery. Her blood has poisoned me. " It has eaten my flesh, as her sin has consumed my heart. You know my torture; you know my false hopes of a cure. "Miind you, I felt no remorse, only the pain, the torture of that drop of blood. I thought that I could cut out the poisoned flesh. "Fool that I was. It was my blood that burned. It was my blood that alone could help me. Her blood called for mine, and it will have all, the last drop." He paused, and in the silence that ensued, the slow dripping of blood echoed from the sides of the amphora that had perhaps held wine as red a thousand years before. " You say that she is dead," said the detective. "If I could restore her to life, would you forgive her 1" " If she confessed, I would do so, readily. It is only her falsity that I would punish." "I will restore her." It must be remembered that Langdon was now clearly mad. And it was as a madman that he accepted the proposal as a natural offer. "Come," Carter continued, "let me bind up your hand. You must endure the pain for a while. Quick I the false woman is at the door." Indeed there was a knock as he spoke. Overpowering the maniac by his stronger will, the detective forced him to endure the bandage. Then, with a rapid hand, he flung a great embroidered cloth over the ,table and the blood-stained amphora. Having done this, he pushed Langdon into a place of concealment behind some curtains ; and in another moment he was at the door. No sooner had he unlocked it than he ran Lo the carved writing-desk and took up the letters which he had laid there. At the sound of the closing door he turned to the visitor, Mrs Gleason. " In accordance with my promise," ho said, in a grave tone, " I now place in your hands these letters, which toll so shameful a story. My single condition is that you now acknowledge to me that they are yours." "I acknowledge it. In mercy's name, keep my secret." At these words a wild cry rang through the room. One of the curtains behind which Langdon was hiddes was torn from its fastenings. It fluttered to the floor, and down upon it crashed the unfortunate body of Maurice Langdon. " He recognised your voice, Mrs Glea son," said Carter, calmly, "and it must have been a great relief to him. He fan cled that these letters were his wife's. " I understand very well how you hap pened to hide them in your sister-in-law's room. It wouldn't have been pleasant for your husband to find them He would have recognised Arthur Lorlng's writing. " But you ought to have remembered that you and Mra Langdon have the same given name. How was this poor man to tell that you wore the particular Louise referred to 1 It is doubly unfortunate that you should both be blonde, "You remember'the passage about the golden curl. I need not quote it. "Ah, woman, you have done harm enough. I spare you to secure your secrecy. Keep:my secret and I will keep yours; but sin no more. "Listen : Mrs Langdon i. entirely re covered. I learned the nature of her trouble, and restored her to herself. "She will be hers soon. She must know nothing of this story. "If this unhappy man can be brought hack to health, he will be a loving and faithful husband always. Whatever he has done is not his fault. In was in sane. . "I believe that'thoro is hope for him, and I shall work to save him. " Now go. Burn those letters, and be a better woman for this awful lesson." * ** a * It remains t) be said that Langdon fully recovered his reason, but not his memory. To this day he knows nothing of the crime which he attempted to commit. Of course his wife is Ignorant of it. She believes that her strange illness re sulted from natural causes. The Langdons are far away in India, and this story will never reach their eyes, or it would not have been written. Finally, if any physician who reads these lines is curious about the strange wound inflicted on Mrs Langdon, the ex traction of the slender piece of steel from her head by Detective Carter, and the speedy recovery which followed, he may find the facts in the private records of the hospital. Ho will also find a similar case recorded in jthe proceedings of the New Jersey Medical Society about nino years ago. 