t IS T E L E P A T H10 WAUN INOa •' tan door oneked there WM the aonnd of »footstep on tbf carpet. 1 felt glad that some* tone «U coming, for I WM lonely. It ni Saturday night, and the eemmereial toom was dtaerted by ell im the miters end kayself. talis WM unusual, for the Mitre was vhe of the bast patronised hotels in the hurt of tin ri*y. I often stayed it it, and as e'nile found plenty of pleasant company there on (Saturday evenings. ' ' Someone was coming Into tfae room. I tallied to obtain a glimpse of the i.ew-oomor. My heart (mm a heavy thump, and I grasped the «ma ot the chair, when I saw who it ma. At 3.48 that afternoon I had bidden Peter Andrews Usod-bye " opposite Euhton Bta^ tion. Be WKI going North by the 4.10 express, fiitti at T.4S,he stood by me, unless it wen blq ghost. " Dont be alarmed," ho said, quietly, throw. Ing himself into the next chair to mine and ringing for the waiter. ' > " Why 1" 1 ejaculated with surprise, "1 thought you were in the North Stafford by this." " I'm not I got stopped," he replied, with emphatic laooalsm. " Oh I DO accident, I hope,' was my re. Joinder, my interest bong aroused by Us last remark. " Oh, no, no I At least, not tliat I'm aware ot ae yet. I dont know," be answered, enig» matirally. I couldn't help looking hard athim. I thought be bed fallen in frith company on the point of tearing,and perhaps had been refreshing freely. Be saw my look of inquiry. The waiter came, and he ordered cigara and so<U>water, The soda strengthened my opinion that he had been having something hot and strong. He lit a cigar .and waited until we v-en alone again. Then he drew his ohair nearer to mine, and I wondered what waa coming. "1 daresay you'll think me a craiJc when I tell Jon that something's going to happen," he said, looking at me and leaning forward as if he were about to divulge a seoret. " Oh," I said, uoeaeily, for 1 felt uneasy. " Tee." he continued. *' It will be something that concerns me or our family, so that it deesu't matter to you or anyone else. But something's going to happen, as sure as we're ll- ting here." I " Why do you say so P " I asked him. I sawl now that be was in sober earn eat, and I felt a kind of morbid interest in bis prediction. "I've no belief in auoh rnbbisb,or I ehouldeay X waa a medium or a Mahetma," he replied, easting a startled glance upon me. " But for years paat, when anything of nnnsual moment waa going to ooour in onr family, I've bad a premonition of it. I oould hardly tell you how many times I've had these telepathic warnings, for that's what 1 call them. 1 have been stopped on the very point of doiog something that would bare changed my life. • 44 Do you remember when the Tay Bridge went dawn P It was Sunday night, December 28th, 19. I shall always remember that date. I ought to hare been in that train. I jhad arranged to go by It from Edinburgh. But, Jate in the afternoon, such an irresistible conviction took hold of me that I must stay where 1 wan, that in spite of myself I had to stay, 1 shouldn't hate been here to-night if I bad joined tbat train. Wtdl, just as 1 was geing to book this afternoon, something whiapeied to me ' btop 1' 1 laughed at the idea. Then it came again, a Btop where you are 1' 1 remembered the bridge train, and another time when that same voloe saved me £10,000, and II halted to think. I thought it might all be; fancy, and that it would be awfully awkwardj It 1 did not go on, as it was Saturday. I bad }uat decided to get my ticket and go, when the 4oloe, or whatever it was, apolre again, so peremptorily that I was ataggered. Then was so doubt about the meaning of that third order. I was not to go North by that train, I turned away from the booking offioe, and went down into the city for a bit, and here 1 am, awaiting developments." Be lay back in his ohair, quietly puffing hit dfar, tbe pioture of resignation. " Tou spoke of tbe ' voioe,' aa you called it, •sling you £10,000. How was tbat P" I asked, feeling that thereby might bang .'.a interesting tale, and wanting to hear mow about his nse ful telepathic mentor. " It was over tbe buying of a 4 business," he replied. 4 1 was looking out for something to put some monev into, and I heard Ot a Mauohester buaiuess in our own Hue, whieh I thought would just do. It haa beeo running for thirty years, and waa said to have the making of a good tbiog in it. My proprietors weic retiring, at any rate they made out tbat they wanted to retire and sell the business as a going concern. 1 wont up and made inquiries and looked at tbe place. They sho sod me the books and an auditor's certificate, and everything seemed straightforward and genuine. They winled £10,000 for the tiling, with stock «nd machinery, as it stood. " I thought I'd buy, for it looked like a good thing, and 1 bad ideas about working and opening out new lines. 1 went over again a scoood time, and took an accountant with me. He lookeJ through the books, and said they were in unler, but 1 saw he wasn't sstlsfled. 1 Tou know thsn's ootbing to show for some of these totals,' be said. * They may be right or not; tbuib's oo evidence either way.' I had taken a lanoy to the place, and thought he was a UtCls too particular. Then appeared to be a lot of trade doing, and I supposs I got a little excited over the thought of controlling the thing. So I made up my mind to boy. " I had asked different people In tbe trade about it, but none of then could give me any trustworthy information. Tbe only one who would give an outspoken opinion upon it wss en old friend in the machine trade, a •long-headed man who always seemed to me as if he could see ss far again as anybody else into everything, I remember how angry I felt with bim when be said to ma, ' Feler, don't touch it unless yon mean to sell off the old rim as scrap and put machinery in. If II coat you £20,000 If it coats a penny to make it of any nse to you. It's as ancient .as tbe pyramids. Oon't touch it.' I didn't believe him. lknew the room! weren't of the newest kind, bat they wen wttidng on, and I thought it was all right. 1 'I remember sitting down at home one night and indulging in a big think over tbe whole matter, t was infatuated with it end still meant to buy the place. The cost would nearly; have cleaned me out, but that wouldn't have signified if everything had besa right. 4 1 But no sooner hsd I oome to this finrl decision than then rang through my twain a land and ominous a Dunt!' ••* Dash it I' I said to myself. ' Hsunted again !' I got np and walked about the room. I looked at the pictures, and then came back ts my ustimates ef the business, I oheoked ills principal totals and the calculations I hsd made upon tbum. Thoy wen all right, and I felt elated at having my hand on a thing whioh waa going to work out that way. ' 111 lay it,' I said, as I folded up the papers and carefully put them awsy. " I went to bed haunted with a vague fading that something unpleasant was impending. 1 knew tbe feeling arose out of the business I was going to buy. bat I tried to tUnk. I bad got a fit of indigestion. I didn't want to put it down to its proper cause. It might have shaken my resolution, and just then I didn't want it shaking. I wanted that business. " I lay awake thinking about It for a long while, bat at last 1 dropped asleep, 'All of a sudden then atood not before my eyei an enormoos telegraph form, with anusssgt Upon it. The form waa of a aecnl-krmnapareat white, like an opal .w]odow- panfa,aad tbe letteas at soft ethereal blue, bat psifscriy distinct. There was a tremor oret tbe wholes* if it wan M i i M t a t a ItttaiMUflNSflM and clammy as I read the message. It «r» tbiai— Fan. TO ANDUBWS I— Don't touch. Orowthead's Profits oil. Bis. heavy. Trade nearly George Peel was my maehiniat friend. Crowthead's woe tbe holders of 2 "- business I was going to buy. I could not sleep. The blue letters of that messsge wen as firmly fixed on my mind as the form of anything I ever saw, I oould not dismiss it then or persuade myseU I had been dreaming. Bo I got op and dressed myself snd spent the time promenading the bedroom floor. Bat right np to broad daylight those phsntom words wen befon me. " I fu .nd it was of no nse, and that for some reason 1 was not to buy the Crowthead.w plaoe. Very much to my chagrin I was compelled to decide not to touch it." Peter Andrews oeaaed speaking. I felt that be bad not told me all the story. I waited a Uttle while to see if he would resume. M What came of the business P" I asked, see-1 lnx that be had certainly told me'all he meant to. " Ah, bow stupid 1" he said. " I quite forgot to tell yon. In two months tbe place wasin the receiver's hands. lu the end one of the biggest creditors took it over, paying a certain sum to the others. It wss kept going for three! or four yean, and then cleared out and turned into a warehouse. I reckon I should have lost] every penny of tbe £10,000 and more, too, oval* it if I'd tskon it." > " How did you account for that telegram! bearing your friend Peel's name P" I said to! him, thinking that part of the stoiy as strange as it was shadowy. That waa an extraordinary tiling, indeed, as you will say when I tell you all about it," he replied. " I didn't see Peel for quite a month after that, but when next I met him, the first thing he said was, * Well, what about Crowtheads P*- Oh, it's all off,' I answered. Then I told bim abont the telegram, and why I bad decided not to touoh the business." 1 Well, now, that's mysterious,' he said,' taking out his pocket book and turning over tbe leavea. ' On If arch 19,' he went on, ' I got some information about that business that I thought I'd like to send you. I turned it over in my pind, for I had doubts aa to whether it was s proper thing for me to do. I thought as I bad got the information you'd be sure to hare it. Then 1 thought I'd risk it and wire you I was at homo, so I got a form and filled it up and put it in this identical book, I got my tea and tben went out to send you Iho telegram and make some calls io the town. At the telegraph office I took out my pock'-t book to hand the message in for dispatch. To my amusement, it was not there. I examined every- thing in my book and in my pockct, liut there io telegram form. This diaoovery and the doubts I'd had about the wisdom of sending a message at all so bothered mu that I dccided not to win yon.' — -no you remember what yuu bad written f 1 aaked him, as I was perplexed by the whole proceedings. He told me without hesitation. The woids were exactly the same as those which had appeared to me in the night, and, straugest part of all, I afterwards found that tbe night on which be had lost his tolegrsph form was the very night on which tbe mysterious words were, before me. Tou may explain it as you please. I didn't buy the business, and I reckon it saved me £10,000 at least." The door again creaked, " Is Mr. Peter Andrews here P" the waiter asked, as he entered the room. Yes, he is I That's my name I" answsnd «ny companion, springing fnm his cbairand advancing to meet the waiter, who held a tele- Cram in his band. This is for you, sir, or for ns to send on after you if you'd left, and we knew when you were," eaid the waiter, handing him the telegram. Mr. Andrews glaoced over the message. " Here you are ! Didn't I tell you so P Bead tiiis I " be said, pasaing tbe telegram to me. It was from Kirkby Stephen, snd read :— " Come by Lincoln. Jaok haa wind something wrong." " It's from my wife," said Peter Andrews. Jack's my brother. He lives in Lincoln. There's evidently something np. What a good job I didnt go on 1 I'd have been at Crewe by this time and the telegram would have missed me. I'll say ' Good night.' I must get down to Lincoln somehow. ' Good night 1'" He hurried out of tbe room,and left me wondering what strange telepathic influence was thus guiding bis destiny. 