THE .ASTOUNDING CASE OF JOHN C. MARSHALL. The following article appeared in the Hamilton -Tunes" of May 27, 1S91:— / One of the most remarkable cures in the history of medicine has just been effected in this city,-and the fame of it is fast spread in ft throughout the laud. Over four years ago Mr. John Marshal!, then employed as 'Manager of Mr. J. C. Williams' Coal Oil Refinery Works here, sustained a fall. He doctored, but his trouble grew worse., and, contracting ecld after cold upon his other trouble, he v.-as compelled to give up-work entirely His troubles developed into locomotor ataxia, a nervous disorder, held by medical authorities to be incurable. For four years Mr. Marshall has been an intense sufferer. He lost the use of his legs entirely, and could not raise himself from a chair except by a crutch and a stick. Though there was power in his lees, there •was no feeling. They were like deadweishts, cold as ice. and not susceptible to feeling.- He could take his heavy stick and hammer the flesh until tile sound of blows tilled -the house!.- During these years no less thaii fourteen leading physicians of this city treated him. Sometimes two or three of them were in at bnce.' AH agreed that his] disease was incurable. Mr. Marshall went I to -Toronto. for Electrical treatment at a heavy expense, but received not the slightest berielit:"He' tried every patent fnedicine that was recommended without result. The Suspension' treatment was resorted to, and he was suspended, by appliances around his neck and under his .arms, fiwui the ceiling of his barn,; but got no relief. Electric- belts and appliances of an endless variety were tri^d,-but all-resulted the same way—they lcft Mr."Marshall, just as they had found Kim. At one time .twenty pins were run into the flesh of his leg. He barely felt two of them—the others, .he did not feel at all. His flesli was cut into with a knife, and he felt not the slightest pain; and so he $vent on until the 14th of April last, every remedy suggested by any "one being tried, and hundreds of dollars -spent upon 'patent medicines, to say. nothing of doctors'- bills. Mr. Marshall -was a membei~of the Royal Templars of-Temperance. He was passed by the physicjans of the Order as totally disabled for! life. The chief medical examiner : nasseii 'Mm, and he -was paid the S],000 paid by the Order in cases of total disability. ". • . "A day or two ago. a Tillies' representa- Uve~ called upta . Mr. Marshall at his residence, No.' 25; Little William-street. The door was open, and, upon knocking, a strong, steady step was heard. Mr. Marshall opened the door, and received the reporter cordially. He walked without either c-rutch or stick, and looked the picture of a sturdy, line man. He conversed freely ol' his ease, as did Mrs. Marshall, who came in later. •Five weeks ago.' lie said, 'I could not raise my loot or bend my leg-. As for walking without a stick or crutch, it was impossible. I had seen ail advertisement of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and, as they were specially recommended for nervous disorders, I l-esolved to try them. I had what the doctors called locomotor ataxia. I had not walked for almost four years. I had not used one box before I began to feel the effects. The feeling came back into -my rijrlit leg first. After using them two weeks, I was al.ie to walk up to Mr. C. J. -Williams' place on McNab-street. over a mile and a half from here, and back. 1 had got nearly home when my left leg gave out, and I nearly went down. I had to stand apd rub my leg for several minutes. Tlven it felt as if a thousand pins were running in it. That .was the blood beginning to circulate in the leg that had been dead almost four years. From that time it has steadily improved. Now you see how I am. (Here Mr. Marshall arose and walked briskly around the room without artificial"assistance.) 1 have used absolutely nothing but Dr^Williarus' Pink Pills and takeu cold baths as directed on the box. To-day I walked to the market and back—a three-miles' walk. 1 have lived in Hamilton for 30 years, and am well known. Huudreds of people stopped me on the street. Some of them stopped me to see if it was really John Marshall. Hundreds of people have been here to see me. Among them came several physicians who attended me. One of them, and the one who did -the, most for me, said, 'Well, you are the first cure in 10,000 cases.' 1 can tell you of a Bank messenger in this city who has not walked as straight in 25 years as he has this last week. He took Dr. Williams' Pink Pills at my recommendation. Scores in this city, are trying them, and have been benefited.' The reporters of the Hamilton "Herald" and "Spectator" also interviewed Mr. Marshall, and published long accounts of bis wonderful cure., somewhat similar to the above. • These created a- profound sensation throughout Canada, and not. only was Mr. Marshall, but also the proprietors of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills literally flooded with letters asking the truth of the statement contained. So widespread was the interest taken in the case, that the Toronto "Globe," the leading newspaper in Canada, sent a reporter to investigate it, and give the facts as lie found them. The fottow- ing article, which" appeared in the "Globe"' after a careful examination into the facts, verities even - statement made by the Hamilton newspapers. To investigate the extraordinary cure and place before the people of Canada and the United States verification or otherwise of it, was the special mission of a "Globe" reporter. ••The headquarters of the Royal Templars of Temperance for Canada are in Hamilton. At the publishing house of the Order, Mr. W. \V. Buchanan, General Manager, was found by the reporter. In response to the reporter's question he said, "Oh. yes, 1 am well acouainted with Mr. John Marshall. We paid Mr. Marshall the total disability benefit of one thousand dollars, lie was paid by a cheque on the Bank of Montreal. There is no doubt whatever about tbe remarkable character of Mr. Marshall's cure. All were unanimous in the belief that he, was {Kist all hope of recovery- His cure is looked upon as next to a miracle. 3 have conversed with him a number of times about it, and he gives the whole credit to Dr.Williams' Pink Pills and the application of cold water, which is recommended as a subsidiary treatment by the proprietors of the medicine. He drops into nsy office every day or. two, and is apparently enjoying good health now/ '"The general offices of the Order are in the old Bank of Upper Canada building, just' opposite the publishing office. Mr. J; H. Land, the Dominion Secretary, was easily found, and in response to the questions asked, simply corroborated all that the General Manager had said. He was well acquainted with him for years liefore be was taken sick, and pronounced his recovery as one . of the most remarkable tilings in all his experience. " "I have not much faith in advertised medicines,' said Mr. Land, "but Mr. Marshall's case proves beyond a doubt that Dr. WiHiams'Pink Pills arc a" wonderful medicine. He seems to have exhausted all <-ther means and methods of treatment during his lone illness and all without any benefit, but his recovery was rapid ..and wonderful immediately after he commenced using Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.' " Dr. Williams' Pink . Pills also cure influenza, rheumatism, neuralgia, biliousness, liver and kidney trouble, sciatica, sickly complexions, paralysis, consumption, fevers, ladies' ailments, &c.;, &c.; Sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., King William-street, Adelaide. Price, six boxes -15s. 3d.;. one box, 2s. 9d. (post free). ness of Tryphena!s -presence. Coming forward he sat down-in EUzabeth's chair, by the lamp,. and stretched across the table towards Tryphena,'his elbow in a. round basket full of socks. Some colour had returned to his cheeks, his -eyes glittered, and his lower lip : trembled. " Look 'ee, .missie," he <said impressively, spreading out his palm, ""'don't you go for to .think I'm a coward. I'm as bold a man as ever you-see if it's a matter o' standing up to chaps, or tacklin' runaway 'orsos and mad bulls and suoh like. But when it comes to ghostes, I tell 'ee. fair, iny nerves won't stand.'em. :' It ain't no use talkin' to 'eer"— with a jerk-of his thumb over his Bhoulder. "She won't believe me. 'Cos why? She can't see 'em.nor 'ear'em 'herself. But I can, and I'll take' my Bible oath .1 see the Weepinc Lady t'other' side" the lock, screamin' and hollerin'—oh lor' !" - He -passed his hands across his eyes and drow his shoulders together in a momentary shudder.' " • . . This was • interesting. Tryphena's eyes grew round. " Is that the ghost? I knew there was one here, bnt they never would let me be told about it.^ Did youseeit?". . ." No, no," put in Elizabeth hastily. "' There ain't no ghosts here, my dear, nor anywhere else." " Oh, no 1 . In course not," returned Thomas, with concentrated scorn. " Last rime I 'eard un she said it were a owl—a bl—blessed owl." "It's not tbe time of year for owls," said Elizabeth, thinking: "Whatwas it you see, exactly, Tom?" "Well, to'teH'ee as near as I can. " It wer precious dark, and I didn't see nothing till I. got agin the lock. The waters oomo right up over the top of un, and I held up the lantern to have a look round, fear 1 should be drownded going to open the gates. And I see 'or come gliding up from the Ferry, darkish like, and a-wavin' her arms like this. And she hollered out—well, ! know it pretty ; well curdled my blond for to oar er, itdid. It; weren't like nothing yuman. I wer all of a | tremble, and the sweat coming out aU over i me something dreadful. _ • "What did you do? asked iryphena . breathless with excitement. _ " Do, missie"? Well, I don t hardly know. I got home somehow or another, though my legs did seem like as if they'd refuse to carry me. Aye, it was the Weeping Lady this time, and no mistake!" "It's a deal more likely it were old Gatherine in trouble?' returned Elizabeth, drily. [To be continued to-morrow.] 