MR. WILSON BARRETT'S "HAMLET." TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — Tho knowledge) that Mr. Wilson Barrett's conception of the character of Hamlet, the Prince of Philosophy, had elsewhere been severely criti cised, made bis audience on Saturday night ela borately alert, and albeit the theatre is so con- structed tbat many are unable to see the stage, the account and intent of each phrase were duly watched. But before Drpcecdlng to credit Mr. Wilson Barrett with his many excellencies, it is only fit lo point out the utter absence of warranty for making Hamlet's age one day under thirty years. Shakespeare fixed it at thirty. The proof is be yond cavil. In answef to Hamlet, the first grave- digger says tbat he egan to dig groves "the very day that young Hamlet was born," and a few se conds afterwards he says, "I have been sexton here, man nnd boy, 'thirty' years." Speaking of Yorick's skull he says, "This skull hath lain you i' the earth three and twenty years," and Hamlet tells Horatio "He hath borne me on his back a thousand times." Relative dates show Prince Hamlet to have been seven years old when Yorlek died. In no Instance has the ago of a character in a famous play been so definitely fixed. As to the absence of fair hair, that, to some extent, militated against the actor's intent to make Hamlet very young. All thinking men and women have very loog since abolished the theory that Hamlet was really mad. lie actually predicts a feigning of insanity when he presupposes himself putting "an antic disposition on." Therefore, Mr. Wilson Barrett brings bis sound commou sense to play in making Hamlet pretend to be mentally distraught. It is a moot point whether a man, so beset with wrongs and watchers, would not have lost come of his robustness before nearing the end of the story. "The Melancholy Dane," ho was called, yet Mr. Barrett never makes him melancholy, but ever alert, bright, and full of deliberate action. Whence came the pronunciation "klnnd" for "kind" in "a little more than kin, and less than kind?" The last word means "sort or species," of the a"smo family or variety," but not a per sonal relation. Had it meant "related to," and been made unl- syllabic, it would bave been written "kln'd" or "kinned." At least such is my reading of it. The delicately shown regret at having made fun of Polonius, aud the determination that no one else should follow bis ill-example, were cleverly shown in Mr. Barrett's accent and aspect when be bndc the First Player "Follow that lord, and look you, mock him not." Many actors have uuloosed Hamlet's leg-bind ers, to make him agree with Ophelia's description of his stockings beiog "down- gyved," but Mr. Barrett kept them well and neatly strapped up. The quick look suspicious of listeners, at the mendacious assertion to Ophelia "I never gave you ought," was a revelation to many present. It is high time that the word "fat" in the Queen's will about Hamlet were altered to "faint," as it causes a laugh. It is generally supposed tbat Shakespeare pointedly alluded herein to the first representation of Hamlet, Bur- bage, who was ultra obese; and "his faint and scant of breath" would bo more Intelligent, be sides avoiding laughter at a critical moment. The omission of the King's closet scene, and his speech "and my offence is rank, etc.," was surely not on account of the many burlesque readings one has heard, and the suggestion that Hamlet had a Ilibernlau companion to whom he said "Now I could do it, Pat." It was a re grettable omission, especially with so good a King as Mr. Carter-Edwards. The ghost I could neither see nor hear. Would it not bo well for Miss Maud Jeffries to differentiate between tho kind of grief with which sho receives Hamlet's refusal of her love, and that shown when sho is mad and bereft of consistent emotion? One never heard a line of the beautiful music, it was so broken by spas modic sobbings. Tbat there must be sound reasons for the man ner of everyone's acting in this play, under Mr, Barrett's direction, I am sure; and evidence that every word, accent, and action Is critically watch ed will tend to mako every performer exhibit these reasons In some way or other. It is a most meritorious performance, and the mounting and dressing are an education. Anyhow, Mr. Wilson Barrett and his company have snt ub thinkincr. and that is a meritorious mission. — Yours, etc., E. LEWIS-SCOTT. Lcichhardt, April 25. 