lHE >»nLE AND THE LION. "o'Wug Jin, a o lilt ho growing cordial r«lai»£iiJJ|«'n'Mn Enfjnld and tho United States appctffifln a roct'x Imuo of " Leslie's Weekly," a high class Now York journal Alone on bis rock nigh a hundred years Ho has drowsed with tod '/in In bis eyes. Dumb watoh o'er tho yolWw sand wns'his \- care, \ ' . Far west to tho far sunrfto. - But now ho stretobes his tawny length — There is stir in tho dusk of the hundred years— | . ' . «, Distant tho sonnds and groat bis strength, :"l' So ho dozes again with listening cars.' ' 0 Alone the young eaglo above the rock . Swings hither and thither, to and fro, Watching tho smoke and tho dust of tho earth, Watching the froo wind blow. HDrowsed too— but now ho ruffles his orovrn, . And tho evening light in his oyes glowcth ho mounts to mark tho sun go down, A century's sun, 'noath tho thundorhead. " Bo we brothers orjorothors bo wo not I " To blm on tho rock comes down tho cry. answers, ' Yea, wo aro kin and kin, - Hkrags of tho earth and sky. lightning of heaven hnst ward, powers of God's great dcop |HHHHKho tbundorsl Baro men's children Buosword! that wo toufc us from our sleep." Howbon tho eagle sends cry to heaven tho cloud whoro tho tempest ll.n on hia rock, and wrath his disappear behind the river timber. "Still, he's a man extra about tbe place, and If those wretched cattlo are coming in to-night, we shall want all tho hands wo can raise to look after them on tho plain." . " Do you think they will be hero to night? "It's more than likely. They- ought to hflvo been in this morning, and as they can't bait in tho scrub they'll bo driven by force of. oircumstancflsloto camplog on the plain. In that case it will' be a pound to a sixpence that our friend tho Stockman will givo us some trouble. Ho generally puis in. an ap pearance when (bore's a mob passing through." ' "IfhedooB we most taoklo blm, and dc- cldo onco and for all too question -of his — well, of his spirituality, sholllsay? You can find a couplo of revolvers, I suppose?" "Half a dozen If neodbe, and what's more, cartridges to fit them. ' ' Wo then walked bock .to the bonsotogotber. It was tea timo, and as soon ob wo had made' ourselves tidy wo sat down to it. Half way through tho meal there wo a sudden step on tho verandah, and a moment later, Retford, Jim's one remaining stockman, entered tho room. 11 Bo youlvo turned up at last,!' said Jim, as ho became awaro of tho . other's identity. <r Where are tho cattlo ?" . " Oampod on the plain." was the reply. "Bad luck to 'em. It was as much as I could do to got: tho tvfo black boys to remain with thorn. Are you going down 7'-1- ' VWo'll bo going down In ball an hour," said Jim. "This gentleman and myself ,nill camp with you tonight- aqSUiWo iyou -r. band. Now bo off and get Ho disappeared without btoerword;,. " But If you two aro. going (tokhein what is to; become of mo?" asked" Mia/ JSploer. "!- caftnot bolofth'ertonfi,!J-.' . ' ; vr'-' vV' " ThaVi ;>Brf«rtly - tens,"/'. said Jim, . "T, deter thongbt otiKr. Obttfonnd the jnlserablo eowari .Ohudfleld.V TlljjdHrou what Til do. Uinulo. ; 111 send -Butford up to toko- enro of you. . He won't be Borry for an evening's com- !. fort, and It is most Imperative that wo should go down, you see, In case 'the > Stockman should lum up to- night. ' If ho docs, wo hope to bring matters to a crisis." ' Faithful to our promise, as soon as tho meal was over, we saddled our horses and rode down towards tbe camp fire -that we could .see burning brightly on.the plain bo- low;.. \ anco of. the night bad changed, clouds had covered ibo'sky, and a soft drizzle was falling.; Butford had takoo tho cattle, down' to the rlvor, and 'when they had "drunk their flU,' had .tailed' them slowly on to camp, where tbo two black boys were watching them.. It was not a cheerful .night, for the wind had risen; and was mooning, among thesheoak trcos like a'railHon lost spirits. ;\A more lonosomo spot r novor .was' ln : than that -As we approachod the fire Butford said snapishly think' Us funny to' hang round a camp, whispering and moaning, In ordor to .frighten a man out' of his wits." . m who has been bulging about the oamp whispering . and moaning ?'? asked Spicer. " AVny, yotr.duffor we've only just cohao down from '. tbo homestead. Yon! must be either drunk or dreaming." ' ' ' ' "Droamingbb jianged,". he .sAid, "I tell you that thoro's someone .been, moaning like old — - round 'this 'ere- camp"'- over -since dusk!" ' /: . " Moaning like your grandmother," said Splccr, descending from his saddle and tying his horsouptoa tree near by. " I want . you to go up to tno house and capip tbero. Mrs. Bploer Is all alone, and I think she may bo frightened. We'll look alter tho cattle." . , , - When ho had gone we strotohed ourselves beside the fire on the blankets wo found there, and fell to yarning. I can see the whole scone now. Owing to tho heavy eloudB mentioned above, U was as dark as tho Inside of vour bat, with not a gleam of light in tho whole long than d breadth of the sky. Butford had stirred up tho firo beforo he left ub, and tho flames were roaring upwards, when suddenly there came a long- pcouliar moan from the scrub behind us that brought as up into a sitting posture like ooe man. We looked in the Jliraatton - whence it ' seemed' to como, and an there, standing in the full light of tho tall thin man of about 50 years of ngo; ?flo had white hair and a long grey beard. - He was dressed, oven to his riding boots,, in some white material, and he car ried a stookwhip in his hand. His faco was as palo as death and infinitely sad, and he seemed to be looking from one to the oth'or of us as it he did not know which to ad- dross'. Wo wore both struck dumb with astonish- mont, until Sploer, robing himself, on his elbow, shouted— " Hullo, my man I Whoro do you . hall from ?" Then the figure faded away in the darkness as quietly as It had ooino, and you can just imagine how wo etarod. " Well 1 This beats all tho other manifesta tions into a cooked hat,1.' cried Spicer, and seizing a burning stiok, and bidding mo follow with another, no dashed into tho scrub in the direction we supposed the stranger to have "taken. For upwards of 20 - minutes wo gcorobed high ana low, !n ovcry posslblo hiding place within 50 yards of the oamp, but without sucoess Not 'a single -traoo of our mystefied visitor could we discover. Then we returned to the fire and laid down again. Spider's watch -was from 0 to 11, and ns it was almost 6 then.he resolved to;try and snatoh an hoars's sleep beforo It would be necessary tor him to get into the saddle once 'moro. Heeoon gave up the Attempt, how ever. Tbongh"we41d not see any moro of the stranger just then,! con assure you wo were far from being easy in our minds. The cattlo had suddenly become vory restless, -and from their hollowing and snorting wo could tell that they wero- uneasy. While -wo Ibtencd tbe samo peculiar moaning nobe camo from tbo Bcrub %way to our left. It sounded for all tho world like tho orylng of n woman in dreadful trouble, but though wo poercd repeatedly into the night, and twlco orept away from the fire in that direction, wo could discover nothing .to account for it. At 0 o'clock Spicer wont on watch, and tho .black boys came into oamp, reporting tho cattlo as vory restless. For some time aftor'he bad gono I lay on my blankets looking up at the sky. Clouds still covered tho heavens, and It looked as if a wet night wero pending.' Some time about' 10 o'olock Spicer called to mo to ioin him, as something was radically wrong with the mob ; so, saddling my hor8C,-I rode out. As'I went tbe clouds -parted, and for a moment the moon shouo brilliantly forth. It was a curious sight that I then bdleld. The cattlo— there were about 500 of them— wero all up, moving to and fro and bellowing con tinuously. What made us tbo mdre uneasy was the fact that now and again the old bull d|ommnnd would soparato himself from the wind, after whieh bo/would tlmt fairly shook the1 earth, leader do that/a "cattlo him to/stand by restless. You tako my word for it, we shall j have Borioas trouble dirc'otly I" . . , "Confound It .all," I said. "That will moan double watches all night, 'and In this drizzle, too." " It can't bo helped. But you had hotter tell tbe boys to bo ready in cose they ato wanted again." , " Look, look ! Hofb ho comes again 1" I looked In tho direction ho Indicated, and there, true enough, out of the thick' mist which now hid the trees along the river bnnk, and into the half moonlight whero wo stood, rodo tbo Phantom whom wo had scon two hours before by our camp firo. - But there was a difference now ; this timo be wns mounted on bis white horse, and seemed to. bo like us, on watoh. -At first I fancied my brain was creating a phantom for mo oat of the whirling mist ; but tbe snorting and terror of tho cattlo as thoy becamo Awaro . of his . presence; soon convinced me of bis reality. - Little by little tho fellow, edged round the scrub, and then disappeared into tho fog again, to reappear a minute or. two later on. Then he began to come slowly towards us. I can tell you the situation was uncanny enough to creep the flesh of a mummy. He wns sit ting loosely In his saddle with his stockwhip balansed on bis hip; indeed, -to show how details impress themselVes on one's mind, I ean remember that he had one of bis sleeves rolled up and that ho carried his reins slung- over his left arm. . Whop ho was within eight or ten paces of where we stood my horse, whioh had been watching himas If ;turnecTto stone, suddenly .gave a snortrAhS# 'wheeling 'sharp .rouhd, ' bolted across' the plain as it tho devil .wore rbefa!nd hlmrBefore I; had r gone 50 yards ! ibe&rd; Spicer dome, ihunderlngaf(cr m0 ,ft.nd we most have .bad' a" good two miles gdllop. .before -we-eouldpulVUio terrified; beasts up, Then we beardv the cattle ushv mile or so onour-rlght. < 'jj . ' . " I knowthay'dgbtwailed Spicer; /ihey're well nigh road wiUuIrigb ' Mow, " what tho dcuco is to be done?" I ' , " Try and hood them,- 1 Buppose.' '--: j " Comb on thou for all you're wortb",<It's neck or nothing with us now." Wo set off down the angle of the plain . as fastasour-horsos could lay their legs. to the, ground. It was a near thing, for, hard as w6 wont, we wore only just !n time to prevent the leaden from plunging into the river. If you knopr anything of overlandlng you will under- behove wo could have managed U at all if it had not becnior the oxtraneous, or, as I might ' say spiritual aid we received.. ! While Spicer took the river side I worked, inland, along tho bottom of tho cliff, and as the two black boys had bolted for tho homo- stead long beforo the cattlo broke, we had no one between.os to bring up the tail. Sud denly, heaven only knew now,, the Phantom Stockman camo to oar assistance, and n more perfoot -drover could not- havo been found. Ho wheeled' bis cattle and brought' up -his stragglers, boxed 'om off, like . tho oldest hand.' But however clever a b'ushm'ori he may have been It was plainly his own per sonality that effected tho greatest -good, for directly . the mob saw him -they turned tall and stampeded baok on to tbe plain -like beasts possessed. ' ' ' At last, howover, wo got them rounded up together, and then Spicer rode over to whoro "I stood, and said— ' " / - ' q.Give an eye to 'cm, will you whilo l slip baok to the oamp ? - I .want to get something/' ; . I had not timo to protest, for next minute ha was gono,-and I was left: alono with that Awful stranger, whom I. could still see dodg ing aboutin tho mist. '\yben .ho got back Jira rolnod up alongsldo of mo and said— " " This is crottina a littlo too monotonous to mythlnking." . . " What are you- going to . do ?" J gasped, my teoth chattering In my bead-like a pair of castanets.. . : " Try tho effect of this on him," he ans wered; and as ho spoke ho p idled a rovolver from bis pocket. " I don't caro. if it sends cvory beast ncross tho river." . - - At that moment oh bis constant round, the Phantom camo Into view again. Ds' cither side of hiauthe cattle vcre sniffing and snort ing at him, plninlshowlng that they were still wildAVith terror. This behavior puzzled- u? completely, for- wo both know, that a mob would novcr treat an ordinary flesh and blood stockman In thai way. Wben he got within 20 paces of us Sploer pried— !" Bail up, matey— or, by jingo, I'll.put day light into you I" Obedient to tho order .tho figuro instantly pulled up. .Tho moon was bright ' enough now for us to see Ms face. And, though, as I've said before, I'm not a coward as a general rule, I ean tell you that it ' made me feel fairly sick, so. white and creepy looking was-.it, .Then ho held up his hand as if in protest and started towards us. This didn't suit Splccr, howover, for. he yelled— " Stand off, or. by tbe living God I swear I'll fire.. Stand off I"/ ' But tbo figuro continued to como towards us. Then Graok! Orackl Crack 1 went, the rovolver, and next moment there was a fright/ ful scream, and tho sound of galloping hoofs.' i bsw no more, for as Jim . fired, my horse' reared and foil, back; crushing me .boneath him. / . ' . . . - ; \- I su'pposoJL must have been .stunned by tho fall, for when I recovered my senses Spicer was leaning ovor mo. ' \- V Is (he gone ?" Tasked os soon as I could speak. f f'Yesi Gone like mad aoross tho plain and tbo cattle with him. I must oitber have missed him, or the bullet must have passed olean through him." As there was no further reason why we should remain whcro'we were, wo returned to the homestead and .told' our tale. Then when It! was light enough wo had our break, fast and.mounted our ' norses and went out Into tho scrub to look for tho cattlo we had lost. By tho. timo .dusk had fell wo had' collected 850 out of tho 500 that Butford had brought on tothoPlain. Thepoorbeastsworfe' quito knocked up, and as it was useless think, lag of pushing them on in that condition, wo wero consequently compelled to campthtiii for one moro night on tbnt awful plain. But to our.dclight we saw no more of the Pbaq-- iom Stockman. Next morning whilo wo wero at breakfast, BUly, tho black boy, who had been outy after tho horses, camo aaBhing up to tbohorolstead almost bcsldo himself with excitement! ' » \- " Mo been find him," he oricd ' hp been find him, nil same fellow what beer/ make debbll debbll longa here.'.' . . ? " What do you mean ?" askod Spicer, put ting down his cup of ten. " Whero.faavo you found the man?" - |\ " Me been find him loncn.bUInbc-ftg. My .word bo most like dead, nuno think-lt." Ppiccr mndo a sign to mo and without an- othpr word wu jumped up and jnn in tbe direction: of tho stockyard,; Mounting our horses, we followed oor ouldo tbrough the scrub for a dUtanco of perhnps. mile and a half, until we enme to a smuU.billaboDg or bnckwnter of the main river. Away- nt tho further end wo could see a curious white heap, and towards it we gal- lopod, msldog our horses pnl, their best feet foremost, you piny bo sure. On reaching it wo found f man lying hud- died up upon tho ground fehcath n low grow ing tree. . He was drcrfc&l; In a comnlota suit of.whitc flannel, his boots .were pointed tbo same color, nnd even his hat wits fixed up to match, white. Still kf.pcd over his ears was dLlonFfgrcy iM-ard amraoustache o! filse hair, ttjdismounted; and knelt bcsma.|tim. he placked tho heurd liis astonishment you ! Wend Ctaudficld, Iho young Englldi'owTier.ot i Yarkajtation, ncross the river, the man wno- nppenrod to bo so frightenod by tho ghost, and .who had mndo it his boast that ho knew no-, thing at all about bush work. For some mo ments wo stood and stared at Wm in stupefied amazement. I was the first to spehk. _ "Is he dead, do yoh think?" I asked. . " Quite,1 Baid Spicer. "Look at this mnrk under his chin- Galloping through tbe scrub In the dark the other night to got away from us, ho must have. bcon caught by. that bough up there, and, havo -been dnsiiod'frora.his saddle. Death must havo been almost instan taneous. ' ' v' ii't Bound his waist was a long thin cord which ran away sonnf twenty yards or- so , into tho bush. "Wo followed it up, and discovered a largo picco of raw hldo Uod to tho end of if. spicer examined tho latter carefully. "Tho beast that owned this skin. was only killed two days.ago," ho said. , " Now I know why.'our catuo.wero so'rostless. Thoy smelt tho blood, and, as you are awaro, that invori- noi/ KHIItira tlUWIi uuiiiuiih »« r— . tended to know nothing, and yet ho, knew onongh for this.'.' . . „ " Ycs,"Isnid, "but what- about the other night whonf tho Phantom appeared at the gardoo fenc4, and this man was sitting on the vorandah with us." "Why, ho probably .wanted to disarm sub-' piolon, and so sont his overseer, who must be In tho seoret, to play tho nart." y But what was hls-objeat In frightening you 7" ; ' . . " Can't you gu©6S ?- Well, just lot mo find out wherei our. friend's stockyard is situated in the ranges up yonder, and I think I'll be able to tell you.' I remomber now that when I came hero his' cattlo wero all ovor Wamdoona Rnd that ho used tho placo just as jf It wero his own/to sny nothing ofhavinghisohoioeof, all tho'unbranded and other cattlo thai; former tenants had left upon it." \ Leaving Hie body where wo had fdund it," to. he ilckcd up on our homewaH journey, wo o'rossod tho river nhd plunged ' into tlio sorub ibeyoud.V. v ' . 1 - . An boor later . wodlsopterod; . cunningly IhiddMin Alonely'-'gnUyAliig' stockymd, in whlourdBtr.catuA'nUvpennod up. Tberovfl8rm:onp>ih sighf/ and nbthing to 1 prove how thniU had gpt'! there, "lmt:a clcarer enso oTduffihg-oquld : scareelyj bayo bebn foandoMcver-thcrd-weritbranding irons iavfno' shSd ; Adjoining, ! andihey>wea( thosoo'f Yark a statlon. i.- i JtX think we kqb'iv quite enough now/', said< Spider,, solemnly, as wo mounted oilr horses' toreturn. -.7: 'SEnough to lay tho ghost of tho 8toekman of Warradoona at any rate," I rcplieq. . \- . Three hours later wo \yero at home onoq more, and Obudfleld's body -was lying(lh a hut, waiting for tho pollco from Yarrdpanya/- who would hold tho inquest. A blabk .boy had meanwhile boon sont aoross to '.Yarka.' station to Inform tho manager of tho toatss tropbo. . 1 ' ' . ; Y -a Our lunch that day was a mixture of ».hap piucss and sadness, Happiness becaueb tbo mysterf of tho phantom Stockman had -boon ' cleared up for good and all, and sadness bo-, because of the pain that waB inseparable from toe discovery of a friond's dupliolty. ' V . Whcn toe meal was at an end we passed In to too verandah. After a littlo conversation here Spicorrdisnppoarcd, to -return In a few moments with a pick-axe and a basket 'of' tools. . r ' "V. I; What ors you going to do?" I ingulrea, as he sot tham down in tbo passage, and took, off his coat. . " I want, If possible, to discover bow those screams wero worked," be replied.' " Itlooky like boirig a long job ; so if you - will give mo vour Asilstancaln rinninc un thcAa boards I" shall-be very grateful." - > . Of course I'll help," I said, and there upon set to work. £ But tboUgh-we laboured for the best parb'of tbo afternoon, the result was disappointing In 'the/ extreme. Nothing, but dry eaifti and wood shavings confronted us. ./ "i;' , . ".That being so, we'll take doxf tho posto tb&t; support tbo walls on elthfcr sido," said -Jim, ana as bo spoke, ho attacked that upon .which the lamp was fixed.. If wo can't find' anything thero we'll havo. to pull too houso to pieces until wo do." f . But wo wero. spared //hat trouble. On loosening the post- In qiutstio'tk wo made an important discovery. ./Itjwas os'1 hollow from ena to end, and in thb'Ca vity reposed a leaden pipe,', about ap i n ph j n"! 4 lame t c r . - Wo con sulted together for ' a moment', and ython took tho piekxo-lptbmytorbom.nd pipped up aplmik; In-b floorv<lJy this means .were able. toqpA that, the iu'o crossed the jmom'and passeTxind tno; funqbr, wall; Outside we piokpa it up dhoe rporeTahd. traced it past the well, toe kltdbenfrnd uhVstookyard into : the' sfub/where.it entered, lan ehorinoiis blasted gum-tree standing fifty jtuds or sokfrom the oiisp. / ' r . " I Beethe whole thinfjJos .cf-ear aday- llght," cried Spicer joyfdllyasjhe- mounted the tree nnd proparo to lower himself r trio thy hollow, . I Uellevo we've solved, toe' tcry of the- shrieks at night, andnow - tBfei; wholo thtog is as simple us A B Q. Go h'ock. to the hqlise and listen/k I.did as ho wished, and when Ihad'beeniri, the passage about a winuto, wos rewArdodtoy hoaring a sorenni rc-ccho through /the hoa to, followed-by a muffled, cry, "O/savameJ-SAvo' mol't" ' As tbo sound died away Mrs.'; Spicer came 'running Into the house from the kitchen' with a seared face. A moment later wo wero join ed by her husband.' . fbld you hear that scream, Jim?" she in- qu/ed aoxlopsly. '! I thought you said, we sh/.-uld not bo' worried by Itngain ?" 'He put his arms around bor waist, Abd drew her towards him. / "Nor shall wo, llrtlo woman, "he Bald "That scream was to let us know that toe Phantom Is laid at Inst, and that after to-day this pl&oe; is going to bo as swoet and - homely as any a >ian could wish to Uvc in. The poor beggar in the hut thero tried to keep U ompty ns long as be could, for his own purposes, out I beat blm in tho end. Now I've got it for a quart er its value, and whatever else ho may have dono we must not forget that 'we owe that, at least, to our old enomy tho Phantom Stock man' of Warradoona." — From Nobel's Ham - burg Dynamite Company. . 