DATS OF DANGER. [copyright.! Thrilling Ximtives of tbe BnslirangiDg Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LAC1E. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART IV. True to Mi word tbe chief of the survey party watched the strange retreat in Die glen fot a week, but not the slightest sign of any human being, tare the members of their own party, wu ob served durincr the whole neriod. At the oamp abaolute quietude prevailed, and nt length the chief abandoned the watch and returned hie usual work. Occasionally a viait would be paid to the hut, but it remained in the same ooudiiion a* when 6 rat seen, and the name — * Oarl Jensen ' — a tared at tbe men in it* grim eilent way. Bad it not been for the thefta committed from the camp and the finding of '.he niece of oorned beef at the hut, even llealey would have believed that the place had not been inhabited' ainoe the death of Jensen, and that like ihe palace of the 8leeping Beauty, a apell had been thrown over the locality which bad preserved it M decay. About two daya after the watch in the flea had been abandoned, Conitable ftUiama, of the Meraey atation, with two aaaiatanU, arrived at Conaidine'a oamp with a couple of pack-hones laden with provisions. Hi« miaaion wai a dual one. Onn journey waa to provision the oamp, whilat on the other return trip he waa to take back the bonea of Jenaen, the murderer. Dr. Sutherland, of the aame place— a hoary-headed criminolo giat — had obtained the sanction of the authorities to auch a course, and aa the eoet would be little or nothing, no demur waalikelv to be raised. Constable Williama — wha really per ?-' formed the duties of the dia trie t official — ? , waa one of the oldeat officers in tbe pay of the government. Strange to aay, he had previously been atationed in tbe Hew Norfolk district, and wu well acquainted with Jenaen, Duffy, and Worrell. When tbe murder took place ' he had been one of the moat active in (lie pursuit, bat bia pnergiet were clogged by the action of his superiors who— when thai oonelnded thoculprit bad cone awav in the whaler — practically oessed all active operations. Williama held firmly to the belief from what he knew of (he J former that he had not left the colony— at leaat, not at the time alleged — and aa. ' Jenaen waanot a man eaaily disguised, it waa improbable that he had gone away ?tall. .'When the newa of the skeleton find and the photo, whioh identified it aa the missing murderer waa brought to. him, he merely said, without nndue elation, * I knew he would be found not faraway. The fellow waa the Iaat in the world to truat himaelf amongst hia own aort of people either on land or aea.' The exhumation of tbe remaina waa in ,^a way a labour of love to the oonatable, and he set ypon bia taak with due deliberation. He waa not a haaty or ' impulsive man. at any time, and when he reached the survey camp of course the newa he heard there whetted hie appetite for more. Every word about the robbery . of the food, boots, and clothes waa taken down and a minute deaoription of the missing garments and footwear ' also attached. * 1 Then he aet off to view the retreat in ~ the glen, and even went ao far aa to make a rough sketch of the hut and its ?urroundinga. The whole statement about ita reoent occupation, aucli'aa the finding of the meat and the appearance of the aahea in the natural fireplace, waa committed to paper, and after epending a conple of daya wandering about the locality in the vain hope of ooming upon aome further faots that might aael«t him, Williama prooeeded to dig up the bonea, an operation which waa moat carefully carried out, and they were placed in the \- baga. Dr. Sutherland had promised him a handsome reward if he took care of hia grueaome relics, and even without that inoentive the oonatable would have done juat aa well. When the exhumation waa complete. Constable Williama aet off for the Mersey, and in due time arrived there and handed over hia ghastly load to the delighted surgeon, who had tliem carried to his chamber of horrors and laid out in state. 1 inri... ur:li: ? imi i ? ui - ? u.oto uiu, ? ?iiuuillB, 1 11 UBOUIB to make a perfect skeleton out of this. There is scarcely a joint missing. You have done your work well, and so must Edwards in the burial. I wonder who put the sheet of bark over him ? He couldn't have done it himBelf before death I'm convinced, and the blacks don't carc for that aort of thing,' said Sutherland. * I've wondered myself who did Lhat good office for the villain. He didn't deserve much consideration from any one. He was a big hulking acoundrcl over aix feet in hia stockings, and at all timeB ready to thrash a woman. Oh ! I knew him,' concluded the constable as he left the room apd wended his way across to the public-house where he lived, for Williama waa a bachelor, and as he was quickly nearing sixty, likely to remain bo. One of the first persons he met in the bar-parlour was Miko Keenan. His party worked neiir tho settlement, and they often went into the villago. Tho two were acquainted, and after a few coinmonplsceB, Williams said : ? I've just brought those boneB of youra to Dr. Sutherland. He saya his collection 1b nearly completed now.' ' My bones ?' answered Keenan with a laujjh, for ho »as in a merry mood — mellowed by some rich whisky. 'Oh, not yot, be^orra I Tlie old doctor won't have my bonea just yet. Fill up again there, and don't bo lookin' at the empty crlasBcB.' ' Yon know what I mean,' returned the constable as he replenished Iub glass in an absent-minded sort of way. ' I mean tho bones yuu found at the foot of t he bi(f tree. JeiiBen, tho murderer, yuu undurhtund.' ' Th-- devil, you have I What on earth made you bring tliem here? Couldn't you let them lie ? Oh, faith, though I always knew they couldn't lie. Nothing hauntod can lie quiet in the grave. Oh, it's coining limnu to mo noiv,' cried Keenan, plunged suddenly into deepest melanoholy. ' Haunted be jiggered. What do you mean 7 I carried me ooufoundc-d things in a couple of bags and slung the skull over my shoulder. The bags wertt as harmless aa a new-bom babe, and they nearly made aa much noise. How the bonea did rattle to be aure. Now tell us what youraean by being haunted,' queried William*. In a deeply ^impressive manner Mike Keenan told hia listener the whole story of the ghoat he had seen on tbe night which prectd'd the break-upof the camp, and he narrated it with perfeot accuracy and truthfulness. He fully concluded that the time had arrived when others should share hia secret besides his oamp mates. The bones seemed to haunt him, for after he had almost forgotten about them, up they turn again . ,To the super stitious man thire was something very singular and uncanny in ihe whole busi ness. At any rate, it damped his enjoy ment for that night, and when Williams left him shortly after he was indulging in a sad reverie. Next morning as the constable was passing Dr. Sutherland's house in a very thoughtful mood, he wss hailed by the surgeon himself. ' Come here,' cried the old man. *1 want to have a chat with you.' When Williams went over, the doctor led him into hia * apecimen room,' aa be called a large-sised chamber which con tained scores of ghutly emblems of mortality. More than a dozen perfect skeletons were ranged round in upright attitudes, whilst there were skuUsxrf famous murderers, bushrangers, conviqta, Ac., and weapons which had been the instrnmenta used in many an awful deed. ' The skeleton brought by tlie oonstable (he night previous was arranged very neatly on a table, and it waa to this that ?he doctor went. ' Sou told me last night,* he began, 'that Jenaen was over six feet in height.' ' So he was aix feet one or two 1 am quite certain. Be was three -or fonr inches taller than me, and I'm five feet ten inches,' quickly answered Oonatable Williams. 'Then this isn't Jensen's akeleton at all. You've been all barking up the wrong tree. You see (here is nothing like a thorough medical examination alter all to get at facu in these eases. Many an innocent man is pnnished and often the gnilty escape for the want of' a little intelligence and taking things for granted that shouldn't be ao taken,' replied the surgeon energetically. ' How do joa know it isn't Jensen ?' asked the constable. ' Because it Is the skeleton of a very short man. In life he could not have been more than five feet five in height. Certainly not more. Now, if Jensen waa aix feet two, or even aix feet, this cannot be his skeleton. It's as plain as the noae on yonr face.' For a few momenta the constable did not reply, and then he slowly said : ' 1 quite believe what you say. I've learned a few things lately which tend to show that the authoritiea may be astray a' second tithe regarding Jensen. I'll make a full report of the case and send it on at once, and I'd be glad if you'd furnish me with a description of the probable sort of man the bones belonged to. I suppose it is not that of an aboriginal ?' * ' Oh, no. It is a white man's skeleton right enough. I'll write out my portion at once, and if you come back in half nn hour you can have it. Good morning,' and the doctor showed the officer nut. As the latter went .towards his office his brow was contracted with puzzling thoughts. I ' From whstKeenan told melast night, | and the story given by Surveyor Consi dine, ' he mattered, ' that scoundrel must be alive still. If so, we'll drop across him sooner or later. I wonder if he'll risk coming back to the settlements again. It looks aa though he would be stealing the clothes, though he may have only wanted them as 'a protection against the cold and to save putting together the skins. How came that photo, of his with the dead body? I think old Sutherland must be doting. Another doctor should be called in to also have an examination of the bones. If he bore out what the old man says, then of oourse we would have to believe it. There is a clue to follow up, at all events,' The papera which Williams was going to send to the authorities wire already arranged, and only aahort addendum had to be pnt in calling attention to the con clusion arrived at by Dr. Sutherland. This, of course, he urged, was of great importance, and lie conoluded by saying that placing all the faots together he ventured to submit that the murderer Jensen was still alive and in the colony. On going over to the surgeon's place, the doctor read out to him the detailed description which he had elaborated as to the probable stature, Ac., of the man from which the skeleton came, and he ended by saying : ' Don't you know — or rather, did you ever know — a man who would answer that description?' The constablo racked his brains for several moments, mid then, if by inspira tion, a thought dashed through his mind. 'Yes, I do,' he exclaimed. 'Tom Worrali, of New Norfolk. That is his description to a nicety. He was scarcely five feet five in height, and you will recollect he disappeared about the aame time as Jensen. His partner, Duffy, and himself were supposed to have been drowned.' ' Of course, I remember. Duffy's body was found a fortnight or so after being in the water, but it was so decomposed and mutilated that it was impossible to say for certain what the causo of dpath hud been. It might have been anything from hanging to cholera. 1 remember it well,' replied tho surgeon. ' There is a big mystery here to solve. Jensen and Worrali must have gone away together, and, if so, it is probable they murdered Duffy for some reason or another. Then how did Worrali meet hia death ? I suppose you can't tell that,' asked the constable. 'The bones are all right, but he might have been murdered in twenty different ways without my being able to tell. For instance, if he had been stabbed to the heart or choked, I could not tell SO unless tho ribs showed signs of the knife's paBBAge. I am rather inclined -to believe thai the man died suddenly, and not ns tho result of wasting disease, but there in a good deal of conjecture in that. However, if you can prove that this is the body or skeleton of Worrali, and I think you lire near the mark, there is a bit; lii'ld to work in, as you aay. Ho must hnre been with Jensen or in com munication with him to get the tin box and the photo. In all probability Jensen put the sheet of bark over him, though I don't see what his motive was in leaving tho box beside the hody,' concluded the doctor. 'Oh, I can see an excellent motive in that act. If the body was ever found the likeness would, of course, come into the hands of the authorities, who would not fail to reoognise it as that of the murderor, Jensen. That would effectu ally atop all dispute and enable the ruffian, with a little oare, to come back to white civilisation. 'That point is clear enough to me. Yet theoonfounded fool was really too clever if that ia what he bat done. He has routed a sleeping dog. So for as the law was conoerned he was dead to it, as my superiors have long since given him up at gone. That is the way criminalagenerally over-reach them selves. Give Stem rope enough and they will hang themselves,' replied Williams. 1 But yon forget that Jensen could not possibly know what is within your knowledge. Put yourself in his position and then plan an idea. You believe the police are still in full cry, and your desire is that they shall be thrown off the trail once and forever. I think Jensen's plan, supposing we are right in our belief, waa a clever one. Tlie only weak point in it was the improbability that the body would be found, but I daresay he knew what he was about more than we give him credit for. What ia yonr plan now ?' asked Oonsidine. ' Jnst wait for instructions. I'll add my belief that the skeleton found ia that of Thomas Worrali, fanner, of New Norfolk, who was auppoaed 10 have been drowned-wilh hi* partner, Duffy, in the Derwent River four years ago. That should route them up, replied Constable Williams. The~*ssme day .a horseman wall des patched to the Tamer settlement with tbe details which the reader already knows, from there it was aent on to Bobart |o*n, at most of the papera in reference to the Jensen tragedy were kept there, and il was desirable that ?cjion should be taken — if taken at all— from headquarters.. Nearly a month elapsed before any reply waa received, and then a magistrate was despatched from tlie Tamar to hold an inquiry on ' Sutherland's skeleton,' as it was known at the Mersey settlement. This bore out all tbat has already been narrated, and after spending two days taking evidence, a voluminous report was despatched to the capital. There was no doubt the skeleton did not belong to Jensen, and there was muoh proof tbat the bones once formed portion of Thomas Worrall's body. This was the gist of tbe teport, though it was hinted that there wu presumptive evidence that Jenaen was still alive. Keenan's vision wss trotted out and made to good service, for it was shown by Oonatable Williams tbat the outlaw would be tftott anxious to know if the tin box and ita contents had been found by those who had dis covered the skeleton and buried it. Amongst other foots which were brought out was one contained in the evidence of Qraham, the 000k of Oon aidine't camp. This waa the disappear ance of a copy of the Bobart Town Mercury* having a lengthy account of the finding of the murderer Jensen'sskeleton. This must have been taken on tbe same occasion as the clothes, and no one but Williams seemed to aee its importance. 'If Jensen took it,' he argued wiih himself, 'he must have become aware tbat his stratagem had worked, and not fearing the police, bo would make his way back to settlement as quickly aa possible. Having the ordinary civilian 'a clothes which he hsd stolen from the oamp, there would be nothing to prevent him making a start at once, and that is doubtless what he did. Hod he remained two days longer at his haunt in the glen he would likely have been captured, as Mesley found tho plaoe within forty-eight hours of the robbery. The devil's children have the devil's luck,' concluded tbe constable, and his soliloquy ended, he proceeded about his routine business. In a fortnight's time word came that the former reward of £250 offered for the approhension, deed or alive, of Carl Jensen, for the murder of his wife, &c.; , had been duubled, but from the half hearted way in whioh the authorities took the matter up, it was patent that they really did not believe themselves tbat there was much likelihood of securing the criminal. It waa on tbe 27th August, 184G, that the people of the little Meraey settlement were shocked by the news that Constable Williams had been brutally murdered within fifty yards of the public house at which he lived. A knife had been the instrument used, and, strange to say, the knife which had been left atickingin tbe body of the dead roan was quickly identified as belonging to an assigned servant of the licensee of the public houBC, who was also a rather large farmer in the district. The article could not be mistaken, for a score of people could testify tbat it„belonged to John Sou they, the name of the assigmd ser vant. Most damning of all, howevor, waa the fact that considerable ill-will was known to exist between the dead man an-j John Southey. ' The latter was a person much ubove the ordinary atainp of assigned sonvict servants, nnd on more than 'one occasion the constable hsd moat offen sively asserted his authority apparently for the aimple purpose of showing the tremendous difference between an as signed servant and a petty constable. This waa resented by the former, and at length Williams used his authority to such effect that Southey was arrested and received twenty-five lashes. His master, the publicm, actively sided with Williams, for the constable was his boarder, and, in fact, his best customer. As his pocket was affected, it was little wonder the unfortunate Southey went to the wall. The conviot bore deadly enmity to the constable after the flogging, and lie did not take the paina even to conceal it. He openly avowed that if over he was in a position to meet the constable face to face one or other of them would go down. This was an un fortunate and reckless way of speaking, and when the murdered constable was found with Southey'a knife piercing his heart it wss not to be wondered at that all tho people at once directed their at tention to Southey as being the actual murderer, and two hours after tho dis covery of the body Southey was arrested. In fact, before the formality of the inquest hnd been gone through. To Be Concluded. 