? Nicholas Nicholson, a clerk in the employ of the Great Northern Railway Com-: pany, lives at No.2 Suburban Villas, Hull, and-he is a first-rate amateur- gardener. Mat. Matson, joins', lives at Ko. 3, and his favorite .hobby is poultry rearing. Naturally, Mr Nicholson and Mr Matson were sworn Civilisation has not yet attainted such a degree of perfection that a gardener and a keeper of chickens can live peaceably side by side ; consequently my two neighbors—both estimable men in every other respect— were ever ready to quaixel on the alightest provocation. ril kill every chicken that comes into my garden," said Nicholson, savagely. " A-nd I'll make yon pay every blessed time," responded Matson—and be did. One night, when Mat numbered his flock, he counted one short. Two days later he missed -another. Shortly afterwards a fourth disappeared. " It's that cur, Nicholson, without a doubt," said Mat to his wife. "He thinks that by secretly kidnapping one at. a time he will wipe oct my 8to&, but I'll wipe him off the face of the earth, the thief! -the black-coated, stuck-up blackguard !" " But you don't know for certain that he is the thief," shrewdly interposed Mrs Matson. No; but IH soon find out That chicken which disappeared to-day is now in his pantry. I'd like to bet a sovereign on it Fll make assurance doubly sure by seeing it with my own eyes. Yes, PB break into his house to-night after he has gone to bed, and if I find my chicken in his pantry Fll have a policeman at his door before he wakes up." At 1.30 a.m. Mat jumped over the ruling which separated his poultry ran from Nicholson's garden, and he inspected the lock on^the back kitchen door. He had tools with him, but they were not needed. The door was unlocked. The careless clerk must have forgotten to lock it Mat noiselessly entered the kitchen, and closed the door behind him. He was soon inside the pantzy, but his courage suddenly forsook him. Up to that moment he had felt so convinced of his neighbor's guilt that he thought himself justified in sneaking into Nicholson's house. Now that he was safely inside be dared not strike a match in onler to find the wheres louts of his lost chicken. To make matters worse, Mat heard the sound of moving feet Nicholson feiust have heard him. Mat was overwhelmed with nervousness and fear. He would have willingly sacrificed every one of his precious chickens to get oat of the scrape he was in, but he saw no possibility until ah 5—the flour bin 1 A long, narrow floorl>in occupied half the floor space of the pantry, and without hesitation Mat raised the lid, smuggled bimnelf inside, and closed the lid after him. Only just in time. One second later, two persons came into the pantzy. The one who spoke first was eviden ly a boy. " Ah !" thought Mat; "that's Nicholson's son, yotmg Kick." A gruff voice commanded the boy to hold his tongue. " That's old Nick," said Mat to him- Belf. But it was neitherjronng Nick nor old Nick. The man was a burglar, and the boy was his son. They had overhauled the clerk's house and, before departing with their booty, bad come to look if there was anything to eat There was; and while the burglar and bis son were partaking of a hearty meal in the kitchen. Mat gently lifted the lid of the flour bin and surveyed the t"» At first Mat was glad. He breathed freely when he saw that he had nothing to fear on his own account, and be was smEoigredly delicfated to rhflt his disagreeable neighbor bad been robbed. A sack, which rested cgainst the bmglar's chair, contained all the desk's treasures. Then Mafs better nature asserted itself. After all, Nicholson was only an ill-paid clerk. Although proud, he was wretchedly poor, and a visit from a burglar meant that his wife and children would feel the pangs of poverty for many a month. "What a shamer muttered Mat; the poor chap shall not be robbed; no, not if Mat Matson can help it" Then, crawling out of the flour bin, he cautiously made his way toward the burglars. He was covered with flour, and he looked looiaw iisie like a ghost, gnost^ but Dut Mat himself nimseU did not notice Ais. Hisonty thought was to r ^ U ^dc^y the t»yca^t sight of tie ghost." With a'howT. of terror and dismay, he took a flying leap dean through the wmdow, and made off as fast as his legs oonld easy him. The old burglar turned round in astonishment. When he beheld the ghostly figure, he quaked with fear, bat only for a moment. That moment, however,' was a moment too long, for Mat sprang upon him, and, with a powerful blow between the «yes, went - him spswwling on the floor. The blow convinced the burglar that be bad not to contend 'with an apparition, bat, before be could regain his feet, Nicholson came to Mali assistance, and the burglar was secored. " Thanks, my dear neighbor," said Nicholson. u X should have been ruined but for you. I shall never be able to lepay your kindness. How did you get to know that a burglar was in my honsw, and however did you manage to give yourself such a ghostly appearanceT "I—er—that is," began poor Alat, I saw the burglar enter your bouse, and I followed him. I thought I would scare him away, BO I—er—took the liberty of rolling myself in your flour bin to make mysdf look like a ghost." "Capital idea! You're a genius. Ton ought to be b detective. It was wy kind of you to protect my property when we ace not, 1 am sorry to say, on the best of terms. Matson, let as be friends." "Tour band, Nicholson !" Search die United Kingdom, and you will not find two better fritt^R or more agreeable neighbors than Nicholas Nicholson, amateur gardener, and Mat Matron, poultry rearer. 