Bridget's Christmas Dream. (: By ALGERNON GISS1XG, li Author of '?The Scholar at Hygale,' &c.; *' December had been wild and wet until I St. Thomas's Day, hut then the air j changed and the wind settled in the Iftiorlh-east with a promise of nvore season able weather. The frost did Jiot set in jommediately, but tlie surface of the land idried under the cold breath which swept 'ever it. and Bridget, who had been jftvalcliirig tlie heavens, was glad, for she could begin her work. She was a girl of ([resource and independence, and young ?Htliough she was she rented an allotment nfivini (he rector, and. what is more, tilled ? ]tRiid planted it herself. The digging took (Ilier a lung lime, so she had to begin early, flespocially as she had to provide against in jteiTU|ilion from snow. It was heavy land, bihI it' turned up in good lime the frost anil .-n.iw would finish it off for her, but if SLlie.v forestalled her everything would be jtjiruivj) hack. -Sn Christmas Eve found ' JBridgei digging. ! As llie twilight came on tlie Jfirl stoiiped | vork and leaning mi the handle of the fork ; elie looked about her. Xo other figure was ito be seen on all that broad expanse of jield: no s-iiiud w.is to be heard. Jt was i «kiskci ill. in lie had thought. The plain l±i\v (wilier of the c-h itlinches and lurks, 1 4 ht- ch.ilK.-L- of the fieldfares, the rustle of |ihi- chin. i:- of starlings, had all ceased. 1 There «as only the loneliness and grim quiet of winter nightfall. I living glanced fat it all, Bridget let down her skirts, ' Ks'-heivd up her thing*, and getting to the ' f'joip.ilh trudged off homeward*. !!-? a small white-washed cottage with a Id.u-k roof o-t' lliali-h, whii-h stood apart at 4 he boLloui of the village, Bridget stood i-j[- .-nine seconds before entering. There ?u is no light in the window and no sound fjnie from wiLhin. She felt for the key in I the I hatch over the door, but didn't find ?it: ihen trying the latch, to her astonish ment it opened. It was all dark inside, aud nobody answered when she called. As e'ne threw her bag to the floor ii fell with out sound, although the stones were un covered, so Bridget thrust her foot for ward and encountered something. She Ij.id come ;homc more than usually thought ful, and at this all he.r soul recoiled. j i 'Father!' she muttered, but there was »i*i ivsrKiiisp. Turning: abruptly i lit* girl Wi i lie collage. 'llf into the twilin'in she ?Bent again, sliuddering at what was never theless i|iiiie a familial- experience to her. .Ti)--1j.v .-'he had hecii ithiiv tii.in usually thoughtful. j Tlie gloomy uiglufail sustained her mood, j 'IliMriiig some 'footsteps on the road Brid ? g-L-t 'lumed tluough the gate into the chern ?orchard to avoid 'being seen, in passing I the farmhouse at the end a bedroom light drew her attention, and as the blind vis up she stopped to look. She could n;ily see a shadow on the ceiling, so in order to soe 'more she scrambled up into a cherry :tree. This effected her purpose, «2id making herself crmiforia-blc on a branch she lay as on a sofa to watch what went on within. Before a looking-glass was a girl about 'her 'own age doing her Smii*. l'Yoiu the pose and movement of ft]« arms it was evident that tiie uiioiis peotlng beauty was pleased witii liie figure she displayed. The sight put Bridget into I a state of agitation, it thrust upon her a {comparison of her own life and her own (foejuty with that which she could see in there. A sudden vanity hinted to her that if she were 'brushed and dressed like thai 'she would be far more beautiful ih.in any of 'them. Discontent, until that moment, (Bridget 'iiad not known. Now the ihoiigh; OS all (hat was denied her in liie world rushed in and lunied her all at mice from a girl into an envious disi onli-nteii wninan. (She dropped d--\wi the nee and hurried (tway. 'I-- that you, Bridge; ?' said a voice to Bier as -.lie sapped into the road. 'How Jate \'oii be. Will yon come lo the Tithe uJitin lo-uin-lii? 'Iliey begin at nine.' ??Who lie-in?' said Bridget ale-unly. ''Why, it is MasU'r ( 'ooiiibi's's dance. 01 course. W'on'i you mine and look .it them like we did l.isi year':' ' 'Xo,' was the lilunl response. ' ''J'lien don't, ' cried the oilier girl, and ran off sinning. Yes, that wa» it. Bridget had forgot i en about the dance, s,j linle did it concern her own life, and so li;-1i|]y had it touched even her curiosity, li was for that that Nancy Lyle was dressing -more than three Lour.- before the time. With the thought all Bridget's frame, (juivered. Why shonl'd ?not she loo be dressing and combing her hair, which was so thick and soft, quite as lovely as theirs? She raised 'her hands Ito feel it. Why couldn't she have one plight's holiday and enjoyment— one single opportunity of displaying to the utmost all .rthe radiant beauty ?which she had so sud denly ( In-come convinced that she pos sessed? 0A great wave, not of dis content only, but of ambition, swept over her. A sense of power Sprung up and she felt a mad longing !lto give iL sway. (She leaned on a gate for a minute or two, then moved swiftly and si lently away. 'With a strange impetuosity in her steps IBridget went half way up the village, and after one instant's hesitation knocked at a door, fthe 'heard heavy steps on the floor inside, and a man opened to her. 'I'll let you have the bags o' wheat and )ihe potatoes, Master Ingles, if you'll pay ane now.' 'What be L-e start now, Bridget?' said Hhe other laughing. 'Come inside. I thought you'd come to. But your father Bold me the tatoes this afternoon.' The girl's face flushed in the lamplight, and in her voice tears and anger seemed !to mingle. . , 'You know .they're not his to sell,' she cried excitedly. 'I dug tlie land, I bought the seed, and I sowed 'em; I hoed and earthed 'em; and — and I dug 'era all up my self. You'd no right to buy 'em off him, when — wheu— you know what he'd do with the money.' 'That be true enough, Bridget,' retur ned the other not unkindly; 'but he said if I wouldn't buy them somebody else would, so I took 'em just to save 'em, do you see? And 1 only paid him half, and told him to come for the rest to-morrow. L was coming down to give it to you in stead as soon as I'd done my tea.' Bridget's face brightened a little. There would be enough. 'And will yon take the wheat at what you said?' The man agreed, and from a leathern bag took out live sovereigns and some small change, which he put on the table. The girl clutched it eagerly, and without 'paying any heed to inquiries, left the 'house as abruptly as she had enteied it. In the darkness, as she pressed the coins tightly in her hand, lier resolution seemed to -waver. The thought flashed through her wind that this ivas the last of tlie pro duce off her bit of land, that it represented the greater part of her -food throughout the year, that henceforth she should have to buy both bread and potatoes. But she hurled the thought away. Come what might, lor this one nigliL in the year ,slie would have a holiday. She woul.d follow the inad impulse that urged her onwards, and for one moment snatch from the ?world -what she fell to lie her due, and which she had so suddenly discovered to have ibcen hitherto denied her. But al though the money -was in her hand her difficulties were not yet over. What if David Beard was ontV She ounh; to have asked the use of Master -lnglis's cart as part of tlie^-bargain. She saw the mistake now. J'ut me minutes were Hying, so she hurried to David* door. It was a cottage small as her own, but David was a thrifty young fellow, and possessed a pony-cart, in which he took fruit and market produce lo jhe station, four miles away. The you tli cried out with delight when he recognised the face nf his visitor, but Bridget damped him. He stared in amaze ment at her suggestion. Let her drive alone to Whitbridge at that time of night. It wasn't likely — but if she asked him to lake her— Bridget turned away. 'Then I shall have to get another. I must go alone.' 'Here Bridget,' said the youth, step ping out. 'If I lend you the cart will you let me linish the digging and plant the beans for you?' Without a thought but her immediate purpose, the girl instantly agreed. In a minute or two the pony was put in, the lamp lighted, and David stood in dumb wonderment watching the departing flash and listening to the wheels until they turned the corner. She was a rum girl, and no mistake, as he had frequently had occasion to remark before, 'but now, as also on former occasions, 'lie concluded with the decision that there was ne'er an other in the parish likp her. I It was upwards of four miles lo Whit bridge, the market town, and Bridget urged the pony to its utmost speed. Still it was fully half an hour before she got there. The glaring lights of the shops and I'he strange aspect of the town daunted her. Slie fancied that everybody was staring at her and talking of her strange errand. So she passed on right through the High-street and out to the hedges be yond. But then she grudged the minutes she had lost, and returned quickly. With out any pause she drove into the yard of the Beehive, and left her cart. \\\ hen Bridget stopped into the .strong Hare of a shop her face inevitably excited attention. Ir was undoubtedly beautiful to 'begin with, and impressed as it was with a .nervous look of resolution it was raided to an extraordinary degree of dis tinct ion. A young lady assistant came for ward and eyed her critically while asking what she might do for her. 'Can you dress me for a ball— now, at once?' asked Bridget in_a low, quick tone, anil blushing over her whole face at tile smile she saw rising. 'Well, 1 don't- -es, I dare say oh, Miss ? ' And the assistant lurued to talk with another, and both eyed Bridget criti cally. 'I can pay you now,' said she. thinking tb. il it was perhaps thai which made them hesitate. After furtiier conversation Bridget was taken to a room upstairs and the question of her transformation was seriously dis cussed. When the first constraint was re mowd. Bridget talked frankly, and soon aroused me keenest interest in her atten dants. In spite of the rouiii exterior they saw the natural beauty of the figure with in, and the artist snirit awoke in them. They entered into the. project with zeal. There was a beautiful frock, only returned as a misfit that day, w'hich one of them declared would be just the thing. Whilst it was being fetciied Bridget was taken to a dressing-room, where she washed and then agreed to submit her luxuriant hair to the disinterested enthusiasm of the dressmaker. Bridget had allowed an hour and a half for Withbridge, but in an hour only the transformation was complete. Through most of it the girl took scarcely any con scious part. When her eyes fell on the mirror not in any sense did she there be hold herself. She beheld beauty there, but it was revealed as an abstract thing, a thing of glorv and power. The two gene rous girls who had helped to work the magic clapped their hands with delight, and one even pressed Bridget to her breast vehemently. 'You will outshine them all. It is like an old tale.' As Bridget returned the moon had broken the clouds and looked down solemnly on the dusky landscape. But even without that light she would have found the scene transformed. A strange glow was in her heart, which communicated it self to everything around. It was no effort now to sustain lier new character. With her altered exterior a new spirit had been born in her, and she was only eager to put it in play. Her first tremor of nervousness arose as she drew near to David's cottage. She got down and approached it silently over the grass that lay in front. A sha dow passed over the blind of the lighted window and Bridget's heart was in ner mouth, but the next minute the pony was Standing still and a slight knock had sounded on the cottage door. It opened immediately, and the light from the doorway fell upon the cart. 'Well, here you be, Bridget. I never thought ? ' The moon was just obscured, and coming out of the lamplight David could not at first see very distinctly. But discerning no figure he checked himself and looked about. He walked round the cart and ut tere'd Bridget's name. There was no reply, nor, as the moon burst out, could the man see anything of what he was in search. The §irl was not there. Muttering astonished isappointment, David unyoked the pony and led it away. Bridget was flitting like a gliost round the shadow of high walls. There were voices on the green, so she turned off in another direction. Havin| passed through a gate and crossed Church Close, the great, steep-roofed building of the Tithe Barn loomed before her. Through a Gothic window at the west end a light appeared, dimly revealing the shafts and the upper tracery. Bridget came immediately below this and stood in the shadow of a buttress 'to look about. She tould sec nobody, nor on this side were any sounds to be heard, so she crept onwards, keeping close to the building. The great floors were closed, not allowing a ray of light through any chink. The gill put her face to the hinges, to the central fold — all was dark. Within noth ing was stirring. So she crept on to what seemed a church porch and here further progress was barred. The front of the porch was prolonged right up to the farm house by means of a canvas covered way. Bridget was out of the moonlight, so slie slopped again. Then 'liurried|y slie flung off the dark garment in which she had been -wrapped, changed lier shoes, re moved her hat, and made the other changes in which she had been instructed in the twinkling of an eye. When she had secreted her bundle in a corner of the wall she knelt, by the canvas, raised it a few inches, and put her ear to listen. She lifted the canvas still higher, straining and wrinkling it. This made an opening of two feet, and light swept down the crim son pathway inside. The next moment Bridget was in the porch. The scene displayed astonished her. From the cheerless night she had stepped into a warm fairy grotto. On one hand stretched an endless vista of shrubs and flowers; on the other, an enchanted hall of vast dimensions, draped and festooned with flags, curtains, and evergreens, il luminated with numberless lamps and candles fixed or hanging from every point that could liold them. Her frame quivered with a thrill of ecstacy. Stepping cauti ously forward to the threshold she peered around that magic place. There was no sound or movement; nobody to be seen. Her spirit rose and swelled within her. Just aDotit to step forward slie started at an apparition by her side. It (was only after several seconds' anxious stare that Bridget realised that it was the reflection of .her new self in a mirror. She had never been oppressed bv maidenly vanity until to-niglit, so that she could scarcely con ceive how lovely she was. The figure there revealed to her seemed that of a queen. To prove it real she touched the hair on her right temple to loosen it, and thd-re- flection corresponded. Then a glow of de light overspread Bridget's face and nec!\, if possible heightening the 'beauty. But the next instant she gave a more violent star! and turned deadly 'ale. Tn affright she fixed her eyes on a vague vision of handsome features, a jet 'black coat, and snowy breast, which appeared in the glass beside herself, but the girl could neither move nor speak. ''Who are you?' sai'd a voice just be 'hind, in a tone of too frank wonder to ad mit of ceremony. S!iill Brfdget stood speechless, fjscin-aled l-y i'Iip eyes through the glass inLo which she stared. She felt both her arms taken gently from behind. Powerless, she re signed herself to the superior foice, be coming only dimly sensible of her iiead and shoulders being drawn gently back wards, of a deep thrilling kiss being prin IpiI on her lips, and of her own eyes rest ing for an instant on bhe mistletoe over head. Then she was raised up again. She couldn't 'hear or didn't understand what ?was said to her, but she felt all was right. It was the realisation of her dream, so she gave herself up to the Wonderful illusion. Tlie prin'ce, ghost, demon, or whatever it was fli'at 'h'ad captured her seemed as en chanted as slie, with the 'difference of be ing able to give voice to his wonderment. He burst at once into vivacious personal talk, lavished compliments, adoration, up on his unknown prize; implored her name, just one name by which he might call her, by which he might for ever think and dream of her. As an uncompromising name Bridget at last gave him 'Emily.' Just as she had uttered it the sound of voices aud laugiiter, of musical instru ments being touched and sounded, came floating aTon'g that brilliant crimson path way, and in a moment Bridget was whirled into fresh scenes of splendor and enchant ment. But it was Bridget' no longer. She rode on some wild dream, and a mysterious power of abandonment sustained her. She passed amongst the throng. One after an o'tfhei' eyed her and Wondered. All tongues asked; none could answer. Amidst all the beauty there assembled she knew that she was ackuOTvledfeed queen. It was her rightful triumph. Glorious as were the admiration an'd homage, yet Bridget's modesty and reserve formed the topic of all. One 'faceouly in all -the glitteringthrong did s'he turn from, and that was the one of which the lips had kissed her. Of those eyes only was she conscious, and she knew that they were upon her constantly. They 'had established a (protection over her; ?seemed to shine upon her path; to smooth every wrinkle; to make 'her triumph su preme. In the whirl of the dance they were most frequently beside her; they sought her in every moment of release. Yet Bridget shrank from them, was afraid of them. They altered wholly the nature of her dream. Once when .she thought she had escaped, when the longing for a moment's solitude oppressed her, she fled down the crimson path like sunlight on a hill side. She en tered the first room she came to and was confronted by a figure lovely as herself. S'he stood daunted and timidly stared. The other stared, and once more Bridget saw that it- was but a reflection of he'rsalf. The gleeful laughter was again in her eyes, and she drew nearer to gaze into them, to pinch her arms, her neck, bhe put her face close to the glass to kiss it, then started back. This time she was caught in a warm passionate embrace. 'Oh, any queen, my beauty. . . your name, darling — your name?' Blushing from his victorious, imperious kisses, Bridget released herself, but let him lead her to a couch. They sat side by side, and he gazed at her with one hand under his chin, the other tipon her linked lingers. 'You are mine. I have found you and I claim you for my own. Tell nobody else your name, but me, me only.' She made no answer, but he felt her hands quiver, and he thought her face turned paler than it was. Tenderly and pasionatcly he urged his suit, thinking she listened. Presently she looked him fear lessly in the face, the first time she had done so, and her beauty thrilled him. - 'I never thought of this. I — I can't tell you now. You have been very kind to me, but ? ' _ 'Bridget's confusion was apparent, and the man construed it with timorous delight. The vivacity which had .supported her so long seemed to be deserting her. 'Xo, no, forgive me,' cried he. ''It is too soon. Let us go back. They will miss you.' 'You go. Let me rest a little.' ?' He got up, but paused. Then in a throe of passion he dropped on one knee before her and placed both his hands on -hers. All her color came to her face. 'You don't — ' He stopped and looked at her. Bridget leaned forward and kissed his forehead, whispering', '-.5o.' And he went immediately. But with that kiss the spell was broken. Her dream had ended and she was awake. She had achieved her triumph and her am bition was appeased. Nay, so much more than appeased. Of this she had not dreamed. Through all the agitation there was a thrill of ecstacy unknown to her in all her life before. Not one day's holiday had she gained merely, not a momentary triumph, 1-ut a whole world. Love like this she had never heard or even read of. Whilst it dazed and frightened, it also aroused a new faculty in Bridget. It was a revelation. But in looking at it she grew more afraid, and at las't rose and stole from the room. As her lover had suspected, Bridget's presence was missed. He himself returned to an atmosphere of jocularity and specu lation. His sister immediately seized him. 'Fred, you haven't— — '' 'I have, Elsie.' 'But here,' she whispered. 'I have found out who she is.' And she whis pered something still lower, and they were swept away in different directions. Vigilant as was his eye, he could not see Bridget re-enter. Others came and went, but so long as she was away, for him the glory of the flance was extinguished. The jocose enquiries of friends became op pressive; his own heart a blank. It was half an hour, and she had not returned. He retraversed the crimson pathway.rigid with alarm. That door was ajar; other voices issued from the room. Unceremoniously he entered, and was confronted by three middle- aged ladies. ''There he is.' But. already he was far away. The clouds had blended and over all the earth was a sprinkling of new fallen enow. Lale as it was the screened moon threw light upon the village, and the sound o£ voices rose from the green as well as the thud of a football as it was kicked or as it bounced from the ground. Bridget stood behind a wall to listen. Then she put her foot in a chink and looked over The players were some way off, eo she climibed it, and hurried home on the shaded side of the road. Never before had she so approached that home. The shame and degradation of it no longer existed, for a few hours had worked a revolution in Bridget's mind, and between her and this a great gulf was fixed. Quite another strength now was sustaining her, and from her present alti tude she could look down with commisera tion upon the meaner world. There was a light in the window, and the girl paused. She was wrapped up again as she had been on her return from Whit bridge, tout her finery was scarcely hidden. If her father^-but an impulsive boldness swept over her and she raised the latch and entered. Inside she stood face to face with David Beard, who had risen from his chair. Bridget's brow contracted. 'I have stayed because I thought I could helt- you,' stammered the youth. 'Help me ! ... I don't want your help. Whai- business have you to come into my house like this?' There was an angry dignity in the girl, coupled with a change in her features ivhich astonished David. The cloak, too, *- -* **- ? fell away from Bridget's throat and re vealed the ueclc and dress beneath it, which, added still more to the man's be wilderment. 'But do you know what's happened?' he muttered, pointing to the floor. Bridget started and turned ^ale as she stared at a heap covered with a tablecloth which she had not noticed before. 'Well, that's nothing fresh,' she said. 'But, Bridget, lie (be dead,' returned David solemnly, and for an instant they stared at ea'ch other. 'Dead or alive I don't want j'our help. Leave me alon^. Go out.' In her -confusion Bridget was beside her self, and said more tb him, which David did not stay to hear. When the cottage door was closed she drew the cloth back and leaned down to stare at the figure on the floor. She was not seized by any con scious emotion at the sight, and stood up right. Just as she had done so there was a tap at the door and it opened. All her frame quivered, and turning round she faced her unknown lover, that wondrous figure which had transformed the verj»(s. world. He stood speechless, his eyes to the floor. 'I am free — I am -free,' cried Bridget. 'Now I can tell you who I am.' And she flung herself into his arms. To support her he nut his arms around her, hut Bridget thought of his other embrace and shrank away. But she returned imme diately. 'Take me away from here,' she went on impetuously. ''Now vou see from what you have saved me. Until I saw you I never knew 'what the world was nor what love was. I never knew that I could be loved like that. What can I ever do to ? ' But she ceased abruptly and gazed at hi ni. 'It's all a mistake,' muttered the other, the first words he had spoken. 'I am very sony — I had no idea that you — is that your father?' S'huddering with horror he turned away, buttoning his overcoat over his evening attire, for in his pursuit he had not thought of it before. 'You had better send for the doctor.' These were his last words, and, dazed as she was, Bridget knew that he had gone, gone eternally. It was some minutes be fore she could find the relief of tears. But when thev (.-me she wept long and passionately. She .scarcely had conscious ness, but a dull sense of outcast helpless ness had gripped and chilled her heart, ex tinguishing by one electric shock the new born glory which had so suddenly lit up her path. She only knew that she was lost, that all around was impenetrably dart — no ray from any quarter. ' . A^iien the door opened again Bridget did not look up, did not perhaps hear it. Tha first thing of which she was aware was that somebody was touching and speaking to her. Then she heard other voices in the room* and she tried to listen. 'Come into Mrs. Creed's, Bridget,' con tinued the voice in her ear. 'We can look after all this. It'll be better for you. I've got tlie doctor, and Mrs. Luek'll be here in a minute or two.' In mere listless indifference the girl al lowed herself to be led away. Having lodged nor safely David returned to her cottage. For some time afterwards Bridget was ill. All her spirit had left her and a strange ana thy sapped all lier life. She did nor enquire what had happened; sae did not even attend to what Mrs. Creed related. At times when alone she realised that her holiday was over, that the workaday world lay in front; then she would weep. One brilliant morning of the April fol lowing, Bridget was on her allotment hoe iri'g the weeds which were growing vigor ously between the rows of beans. Other workers were dotted about the various patches into w'hich the great level field was divided, but to these Bridget gave no eye. When she paused to straighten her back and rest on the handle of her imple ment, she looked upwards to listen to the rippling of the skylarks, of which the air was full, and, as it were, to bathe her mind in the glorious sunlight which was restoring all the world to life. Since the snow was all gone, Bridget, too, was -altered. A strange momentary nightmare which had once affected her had passed, and she was again awake to the quiet rou tine of work which had hitherto regulated her life. But she saw it with another eye, found in it a fuller meaning. From a girl she had now indeed grown into a woman. In her one night's holiday she had learned more than she had ever done at school. Through -all the morning hours she worked assiduously, tout towards mid-day she withdrew to the narrow strip of grass 'which parted her land from the adjoining piece, and there sat down to her lunch. As she ate, her eyes were to the ground resting on a dandelion blossom at her feet. Nor -were they raised as another figure ap proached and took a place at her side. It was a regular occurrence, so did not surprise her,. For some time both con tinued eating in silence. 'Will you let me finish the hoeing? ' said one at last. David had begun with this question every day since' Bridget had been at work,- and had as regularly accepted the blunt negative. But to-day he- glanced sideways as he said it, in a peculiar way, as if he thought she looked different. - Then .Bridget turned her eyes (Cull upon him and burst into a laugh. 'Ye's-f David, you anay if you want to. But you'll want some wages, and I've none to give.' 'Ay, Bridget, you've got all I want, if you'll give 'em.' 'You be worth a deal more,' said she, slipping her hand sideways to his. 'But I'll. give you them.' And so the bargain was concluded. Before harvest David had added Bridget's allotment permanently to his own, and as he cut, his wife bound th# beans up after him. 