KISS-IN-THE-RING RELI3ION. 3trangest of the strange sects are the 'True Believers' of Southern Kansas. The head of the Believers is Joab MorriB, a horse trader. One of his eons-in- law, Bohall, is the preacher of the set. Another, named Darling, is the master of an 'unknown tongue,' with which he impresses the credulous Morris and Darling cannot read or write ; Bohall can barely read At night the meetings are held wheh the spirit moves. The men sit at one end of the Lovel, the women at the other. The grunting of pigs and the lowing of cows come to the ear over the low partition. The sermon of Joseph Bohall is made up of familiar phrases caught from frontier preaohers. Suddenly among the listening worshippers James Darling jumps to his feet — ? Ki yi, how pooo pevi, ki yi,' he said, as taken down by a reporter, and then be sat down trembling in every limb, and shuffling and patting bis feet upon the ground. ' The Holy Ghost, speaking in the unknown tongue,' was solemnly whis pered around and the feeling grew intense. The audieuoe swayed their bodies into unison as Bohall resumed his talk. The spirit had entered into the faithful, and all else was forgotten in this religious eostaoy. Then Darling rose again and interpreted for those not bleBt with tbe gift of the unknown tongue. ' Be faithful and persevering and you will succeed,' he said was the meaning of what 1 e had said betore in the new tongue, and the interpretation was accepted with prayers, amenR, and utter belief. Then came a session of experienoeB, and each one in turn related how the spirit had worked within him and oaus'ed him to do this or that in the furtherance of the faith of the True Followers. The faithful then formed in a circle. Two basins of water were brought out of the house. One was handed to the side of the ring formed by the women and the- other was given to the men. Morris and Bohall eaoh tied a towel about their loins and washed thair feet, and then eaoh washed those of the person next to them. That person in turn took the towel and girding up his or her loins washed the feet of the one who sat next. This was kept up until the feet of all the faithlul had been washed. Then the holy sacrament was par taken of. Fokeberry wine and coarse bread were used. During all this time Darling broke out occasionally with speeches in the unknown tongue, which speeohes he trans lated immediately. They were mostly ex hortations to the faithful to persevere, and promising future happiness for so doing. Towards the end of the meeting Darling would go into fits of trembling and feet shuffling before he spoke. His nervous sufferings seemed real and they affeoted the orowd sympathetically. Tnen eame the ceremony of the holy kiss. The faithful stood in a eirole, men and women alternating. Each preaoher kissed tbe woman on his right hand, then the man next to the woman, and so on rouni the oirole, until they had kissed everybody there. After the first got well under way in his kissing tour the next one followed, and the scene soon resembled an old fashioned country dauoe in the figure of ' grand chain,' or, as the callers used to an nounce, ' Right hand to the lady, left hand to the gent; all hands round.' By this time the True Followers were nearly in a frenzy, and they sobbed, groaned, and prayed aloud. After quiet had been restored which was not for several moments, Joab Morris arose with a Bible in his hand and began to preaoh. He cannot read, bat he said he could answer any question about anything in it, for those who could read only knew what they read, but as Christ spoke through him he knew its meaning. Then the ' unknown tongne' interrupted Morris's vigorous preaching and pounding of the book he held in his hand, and the ' ki-yi- )>oeo-po-ou-ki- yi' from Darling's strong nngs sounded shrilly in the night. The startled horses stopped munching hay and the pigs roused up and squealed. . The faith ful never learned what the Holy Ghost said to them this time, for the man who spoke in new tongues fell into a trance and was oarried into the house. He often does this, they say, and sometimes doeB not come to life for many hourB. For some time J oab Morris has preached the ooming of Christ in the near future aud the wisdom of ceasing work and selling all one's goodB to prepare for the great event. Morris is a tall, finely- built man. Darling, the man who has the gift of the ' unknown tongue,' is a heavy, stupid, and surly fellow, ignorant as a human being could well be, and almost 1 idiotic in his appearance and actions. He has the power of working himself into a religious frenzy, whioh always results in nneonscioasness. The Believers cure, or profess to enre, by the laying on of hands. A farmer named George Huffman had two children ill. Both were treated in this manner and both died without medical attendance. A physioian in the neighbour hood says that they had ohicken pox and could easily have been saved. They believe that they can pick up snakes unharmed, although one has died in trying it. They claim that his faith was not perfect. The meetings of the Trne Followers are rot always without dramatio incident. It is told of one who joined that as he was about to partake of the saorament he who spoke the unknown tongue forbade bim, saying the new member was still possessed of a devil. Great excitement and consternation followed, and the entire assembly set to work to pray the devil out. After several hours of struggle the devil fled from the repentant brother and took to his heels down a raviue in the black jaoks, with the whole congregation yelling at his heels. The devil was finally treed and shot to death with real powder and ball, and the cburoh again went into a session in which the oleansed brother was t llnwed to partake of the sacrament. The True followers have a bay-horse iider and a blaok-horse rider. The blaok horse goes about the country when it is not yet time, but wbeu Christ is near or the earth quake is about to oome the bay-horse rider will soour the country, giving warning to the True Followers, that they may be on their knees when the end is oome. 