IT was said of Macaulay that*he "overflowed with learning, and stood in the slop;" and it-can be said of Mr. H. B. Higgins, M.L.A., that he is so full of text book lore that he is drowned by it, and can not swim out to the firm land of everyday actions of sensible men seeking to promote practical govern ment, and not to afford text book problems for equity barristers. Mr. Higgins's painfully attenuated simile of the mill grinding out grist left out the miller (that is, the Fed eral Premier) ; also all the machin ery (his 6 colleagues); and he found no place for the steam (the com bined voices of the Federal Parlia ment and people; the Australian Press; and the Australian Parlia ments and Executives). His asser tion that responsible Government would not exist under the Common wealth Constitution, because the Senate could so '" squeeze" the Ex ecutive, as the Senate does in the United States, as to.compel submis sion to it, had one tiny little legal "parchment perching place," but no basis in Constitutional practice, or in common sense, or in analogy of the circumstances or Constitu tions of Australia and of America. In the latter country there is no Premier or Executive at all; no power to elect the Senate (so far as the people are concerned) and no power to dissolve it. In fact America has no consecutive govern ment whatever, but simply a series of centrifugal forces controlled (to use Mr. Higgins's own phrase, by "forces outside the Constitution") such as Boss Crokers and Pinkerton guards. It is quite true that the power of the Australian Senate to veto a money Bill can be exercised by three of the smaller States voting solid against two of the larger ones, but all sorts of thimble-rigging cal culations of that kind can be applied to any possible method of .creating a Senate. Reasoning of that mor bid description, applied to the penal clauses of all the Victorian statutes, would show that every elector draws his' breath under £1,000 penalty every day because he might be sub jected to fines of that amount if he did a variety of vicious things. Why does Mr. Higgins take so gloomy a view of the intellectual calibre and motives of the Senators ? Medical students frequently get into that frame of mind, until they diagnose in themselves all forms of heart disease. Mr. Higgins has done that. He admits that Aus ',i.lu.?, i are one peopie, hive bRI same ideals, the same interests; that there need not, in fact, be any States House at all; then why does he go to the extreme of believing that, because the States are to be uniformly represented in the Senate therefore the Senators will always vote in isolated groups ? His exper ience at the Convention sittings should have proved to him that they will not do anything of the kind. He carries his " parchment bond" fetters still further by assuming that the Constitution can " never be altered" -because the people of no one out of three or more of the smaller States can ever be got to agree with the people of at. least two or more of the larger States in amending the Constitution in any particular whatever ! That sort of reasoning has no foundation in the working of any federal Constitution anywhere in the past, or in any reasonable forecast of any conceiv able -circumstances in the future; and it is simply a despicable mis representation of the whole position in Australia to " warn" electors that anything of the kind is prob able because the Commonwealth Constitution is a federal bond and not a unifying one. Logically, all Mr. Higgins' arguments are for the latter. "Why do the States want to interfere with Federal subjects ?" he says. The answer is that the smaller States would practically unify with the larger ones upon federal subjects if they had not equal representation with the latter in the least important but ratifying House. (It'has ceased to be'a veto ing House, remember, under the dead-lock clause, for although Mr. Higgins is quite right in saying that that clause cannot be applied to amendments of the Constitution, and only with difficulty-that is, delay-in regard to money Bills, yet the existence of that clause is a perfectly effective weapon in the hands of the Federal Premier, Ex ecutive, and House of Representa tives to control the Senate for ever and always. It only'needs the app lication of a little skill in Parlia mentary tactics to it, and the ade quate support of public opinion out side. Without those two ingredi ents 'the standing orders of any House of Parliament would have prbcisely the same iron-bound effects as thbse Mr. Higgins dreads from his distorted reading of the powers of a States House Senate.) And even if all the smaller States were willing to unify, as Mr. Hig gins practically insists that they should be compelled to do under the model Constitution he is pre sumably incubating, it is the very last thing that the larger colonies should ask them to do. "Home rule" in the smaller States should be nourished by the larger ones as the very essence of economy, good government, and progress through out the Commonwealth; and how is it possible for the smaller States to retain their self-respect if they are obliterated in both Houses of the Federal Parliament ? Mr. Higgins tries to hide himself behind the excuse that the Federal Parliament deals only with Federal subjects-but what are these? He knows well enough that they cover, or may ultimately cover, all the powers which a Sovereign State any where now exercises over its whole people, including conscription and a poll tax. We are not going to imitate his bad example, and as sume that the Federal Parliament, even if elected solely by the electors in N.S.W. and Victoria, would do any injustice to any part of the Commonwealth, but is it reasonable to ask the smaller States to give up their individuality ? "The majority never injures the minority," com placently pleads Mr. Higgins, yet he assumes that the minority will always injure the majority! We have no patience with such out rageously Machiavelian reasoning. He reserves his most tragic "nightmare" for the positively awful calamity that Tasmania can never be deprived of having an equal number of Senators with any other "original State." This is his great weep over the word " in dissoluble" in the preamble-a poor "harmless, necessary word," as he himself admitted-yet he appro ached it with all the awsomeness of phrase and quaking tone of voice of Hamlet when addressing his father's ghost. He has not an atom of proof that Tasmania's 6 Senators will ever (much less al ways, as he assumes) be more in imical to true wisdom, or true Federal interests, than any other 6 members of the Senate; yet his whole case is based upon that ridic ulous nonsense. What magic is there in making 50,000 electors in any part of the continent an elec toral unit, rather than each State an electoral unit ? Mr. Higgins himself has a sus picion that he is worshipping arith metical majorities too much, for he protests he is not malting a fetish of them. Yet he is, undoubtedly, if his whole reasoning is analysed, both in respect to his objections to the mode of electing a Senate, and to the mode of counting a referen dum. Broadly speaking a Federal Con stitution creating Federal respon sible government under the Crown needs two Houses for a union of States as self-governing units, and of t-heii separate peoples as Com monwealth unite. That partner ship-the best, and most complex, yet most elastic, and without a peer in the whole world- necessitates the creation of a complexity of consti tutional machinery which has to be treated as a complexity at every stage of its working, and especially of its Constitutional change. Mr. Higgins knows'all this well enough, yet he chooses to pick out this or that complexity, like taking a piston rod from 'its cylinder, and then he triumphantly exclaims "How is it possible to obtain good government with this thin g'?" The true answer is, of course, that one thing alone has not to be considered apart from its setting or environ nient. The relative powers of the two Federal Houses altogether over shadow their franchise; their func tions as joint custodians of the larger interests of the Commonwealth overshadow both; and so with alter ations of the Constitution: Mass majority has to be tempered with State or partnership majority. That is the price to be paid for obtaining the advantages of internal Home Rule, both for Commonwealth strength, and State progress and contentment as the true source of that strength. Probably Mr. Hig gins will admit all this; but he still has that craze about the particular method of electing 30 Senators as against 60 Lower House members. We believe he would not object to anything else in the Bill if he could only get the Senate elected in the proportions we guessed,.a week or two ago, that he would favour namely, 10 each for Victoria and SN.S.W., 5 for S.A., 3 for W.A., and 2 for Tasmania. He should be frank enough to tell his audiences what he really does want in that respect, and then they would see the frivolous grounds he has for worshipping mere numerals instead of Federal principles and State dignity. His great cry that "parchment bonds" hold the sovereign power in this proposed Constitution is quite unfounded. The sovereigi power rests with the mass vote of "every elector one vote," exercised coru )lso1,ily every three years through out the vast Comnhonwealth to elect 64 members from a mass of 1 mil lion eligible candidates; the very same electors also electing, every 6 years, from the very same mass, 30 Senators. Those 64 members are led by a committee of 7 of their own choice (ratified from time to tihne by the.1 or 2 millions of elec tors) and that committee rules both thie 64 and the 30 members until another committee is elected. What parchment bond is there about that ? In the face of broad facts of this kind, which must .govern, amend ments of the Constitution as well as the working of it, Mr. Higgins's quibbles are mere sealing wax and red tape trying to burke and per haps destroy "the most magnificent Federation the world has ever seen," (to use his own very true words.) Where is his sense of proportion between a man's wig and his brain ? His views as to tapering off the stock tax occurred to everyone, but their practical application opened up the door to similar concessions all round the continent at every change in the tariff. The stock tax can now be instantly abolished by the breath of a Treasurer making his budget speech, so that the Fed eral Constitution really tapers off the tax in the best as well as only practicable way by declaring, as it does, that the tax shall continue until the Federal tariff is imposed, and that may not eventuate until two years after the proclamation of the Commonwealth. Mr. Higgins tried to bolster up a shockingly weak case by stating that the differential railway rates in N.S.W. could continue in order to divert Biverina traffic from Mel bourne to Sydney. With all res pect to Mr. Higgins as a lawyer, while we are not (although we ought to have been one) we.say that is not the true reading of clause 108. The words "development of the territory of the State" do not mean the development of the commerce of Sydney. "Territory" is the limited area "developed" by the railway upon which differential rates are charged. We are confinrmed in this reading by Dr. Quick, to whom we submitted our view 7 weeks ago. He replied :--" You are right in your view that the development rate is for the development of the territory allied with the line of rail way-not for the promotion of com merce generally." The point is of no practical importance, for N.S.W. Victoria, and S.A., will not dream of indulging in pettifogging tactics upon the chance that some narrow interpretation, such as Mr. Higgins delights in, might pass muster before the Inter-State Commission. Mr. Higgins asserted that if the 1891 Federation Bill had been ac cepted, Victoria would have been ruined financially. We challenge Mr. Higgins to advance an atom of proof of that statement. We have the 1891 Bill before us, with all the parts that were struck out by the Convention of which Mr. Higgins was a member printed in erased type, and with the additions and al terations made by that Convention printed in larger type, and if those two versions are compared with the existing Bill, as finally passed, it will be found that the latter is prac tically the same (ludicrously the same, after the efforts made to alter the 1891 Bill) in all essential re spects. The principal difference is the deadlock clause. Mr. Higgins asked why it was that England was able to withstand the revolutionary times of 1848; and he answered his question wrongly by stating that it was because the majority ruled. That is only half the truth; and without the other half of the truth the majority would not be able to rule at all. The other, and vastly more important half of the truth is, that in England the Executive rules. It does so by possessing majority support, of course, but it has first call in eliciting that support, and in interpreting it. America has no Executive; nor has France (except in name) ; and why? Because they have both drunk of the poison of a referendum, and can now never rid themselves of its blasting effects upon all good government. We are surprised to see by Mr. Stead's review of Lord Salisbury's career that both of them are bitten by that delusion that a referendum can ever be resorted to without destroying for ever after the whole fabric of representative government. It is like a tiger becoming a man eater. The effect of the referendum upon France should warn off, as with a thunderclap, all dabbling with such "red fool fury of the Seine," or Thanmes, or Yarra. In an instructive review in the London T'imes publication called Literature, of 26th February last, of Mr. Bod ley's 2 volumes entitled "France," we are told, with a truthfulness and wisdom we cannot too highly praise (for they are our very own core of devotedness to responsible govern ment under the British Crown) that-" The fundamental problem of modern government is to reconcile a popular Chamber to tax and legislate with a strong Executive. In England the Cabinet system appears to have solved it." There is no "alappears" about it to those who "bring eyes to see" the mean ing of the history of England from say the First Charles downward to the present day. "A strong Executive" has been, and for tunately still is, "the secret of England's greatness;" largely aided by the non-combatant Court influence since Her MIajesty's acces sion. That was the meaning of the Prince Consort's remark that "responsible government was on its trial."~ He could not understand the " strong Executive," and tried to out-maneuvre it. Observe the word "strong"-not omnipotent, nor despotic, but strong in the sense that it is' the only permissible "Executive." Change it as often as you can replace it with a stronger, but never destroy it, as you do for ever and irretrievably the moment you resort to an Exedutive refer endum. A ratifying referendum, such as that to be taken on 3rd June, although intensely stupid, is not destructive.of Executive power. A strong Executive necessarily rests upon a Monarchy. It cannot exist in a Republic. Thus in France (quoting from Literature-and its reasoning is verifiable by any com petent observer of modern history) -" Although the President has the power of a Constitutional monarch. for 7 years, the public insists on identifying him with the conduct of the Government, so that he over shadows the Premier, and prevents parties grouping themselves round popular party leaders. The emer gence of such leaders is further checked by the widespread dread of a dictatorship." The latter avalanche is always imminent in France because the first Napoleon introduced the referendum. It is that which kills Presidents, Premiers, party leaders, and Parlia mentary government, and enables Mr. Bodley to say that-" Although there are no creatures of the human race so orderly and methodical as the French, and they like to see and to feel the same systematic disposition in their Government, yet every President has abdicated, save one who was murdered, and a Minister who retains his portfolio for a year is a curiosity." The very same things would happen in Australia if Mr. Higgins had his way in undermining or belittling.a " strong Executive" by depending too much upon numerical majorities, whether for the Senate or for the referendum. Truly there is no "fetish" more destructive than grasping at the shadow of liberty, in the form of a "numerical majority" (and worst of all in a referendum) and losing the sub stance of good government in a Parliament of two Houses controll ing and controlled. by a strong Executive,under which system alone can true liberty be enjoyed. The Commonwealth Constitution which Mr. Higgins is assailing from such "wretchedly" "frost-bitten" Spremises-to use his own phrases is far and away the soundest as yet compiled by man's intellect to give all Australia the stupendous advan Stages of a permanent and strong Executive for ever and ever-long after death doth us part; that is, us of this generation. Not a per Smanent Executive, so far as mere members of it are concerned, but permanent, and practically omnipotent, as to its functions. No amount of sophistry as to "parchment bonds," "inflexibility," " enormous veto of minorities," can . overcome that Magna Charta now Swithin our grasp on the 3rd of June. SConstitutional writers in the United States would give up every scrap of the Constitution of that I country to get the English Cabinet system. Note this quotation from Literature :- " Writers like Mr. Woodrow Wilson attribute all the t dceects of American Gorertiment to the absence of the Cabinet system." We repeat again and again, and defy successful contradiction, that the Commonwealth Bill gives us the SBritish Cabinet system in e.cclsis, as a more beneficent Executive than any yet heard of; and it gives Sthat Executive a virile Parliament Sof two Houses, resting upon abso lutely the most Liberal franchise it t is possible to conceive of, with such Sfacile powers in the hands of the Executive of a double dissolution Sand a joint sitting as have never Syet been dreamt of by the most advanced Democrats in other countries. S Parchment bonds, forsooth! Mr. Higgins might as well rail at a man's title deeds because they Sdefine and protect his property.' Mr. Higgins cannot controvert these three propositions :--1. That any Federal Constitution must be an indissoluble parchment bond. 2. That it must provide for the separate representation of each State in each House upon a quota of representa tion which is not a uniform numeri cal one; that is to say, there must be a minimum. 3. That such 1quota or scale must not be altered by an unrestrained majority at ;i mass referendum. It is immaterial. what form the restraint takes. f The fact is that Mr. Higgins went into the Convention as the Apostle of a text book fad, and because he was not accepted as a Messiah he has become a Federal Apollyon. Amongst the new attractions to be offered by the popular Lynch Family, at the Mechanics' Hall on Saturday (this evening) is the much talked of Glassophone. This instrument, if it may be so termed, consists of a quantity of glass vases, ap parently over 100 in number, arranged on a table some 14ft. or 15ft. in length. On these three, and sometimes four, operators perform, and by a rapid movement of the fingers round the rim of the glasses music is extracted, very beautiful and attractive. The English specialists comprise Mr. Miller Frasor, tenor; Mr. George Bentley, comedian; and other celebrities; all of . whom will appear for the first time in Bacchus Marsh. The hall should be crowded, as the Lynch company always give a bright and fill performance, pleasing to old and young, and leaving full satis faction behind it as an encouragement to look forward to their next visit. A lantern lecture in aid of the Melane sian Mission will be given in the A.N.A. hall, Bacchus Marsh, on Monday evening by Mr. W. T. Lazenby.. Mr. T. G. O'Neill, surgeon dentist, will visit Bacchus Marsh on Saturday next. :' The late Hon. Francis Longmore caused a'loss of thousands of pounds to the colony :iby refusing to issue licenses for closed :.roads. The Land Department is now 'charging a good rent for closed roads. ::For .28 gates in the Shire of Bacchus "Marsh, recently licensed, the total yearly charge of £'37/13 is made. The following is Mr. Johnstone's latest report to the Trustees of Maddingley Park:-The two islands in the lake have been re-modelled; the rocks on both islands have been removed from their half hidden beds of earth, and re-built in a breast round the islands on the old foundations, which always in the past have been hidden beneath the surface of the water. With the soil taken out of the bottom of the lake the islands have been raised to their present height. I have, during the past month, cut down the shrubs which were burnt with the sun; there is plenty of life in the roots of them all except four. Amongst tle young trees there are three deaths, but as I have others to take. their places (much better plants) their absence will make little difference. Round the boundary four pines have passed away, and miserable specimens they were. Their death is more of a blessing than a grievance. On the whole we have nothing to complain of. With a good rain and a bright sun our troubles will depart. The large flood did more damage to the Park than three summers .like the one we have just passed through. A start has been made to prepare the beds foi the winter, while round the pavilion the beds have been well dug. Donation ;- of:£1 from Rechabite picnic committee received with thanks. Their request for Park for Easter Monday to be again sub mitted prior to Easter Monday. The want of a copper for hot water will receive attention shortly. State School No. 1,635, Djerriwarrh creek; Mr. D. A. Schulze head teacher. Report of Mr. Inspector Holland:-Build ings.-School room in excellent order. Apparatus.-A good supply. Organization. -Very good and systematic. Time-table is neatly constructed, and well observed. The pupils are actively employed. I am much pleased with the singing and ex ercises at changes, which are smartly made. Instructions is of excellent character. Poetry is distinctly recited. The vowel sounds receive much attention, and are correctly pronounced. Object lessons. The answering is intelligent and good. Singing.-Satisfactory. Discipline.-Ex cellent. Records.-Very neatly and care fully kept. Maintenance account.-Prop erly kept. Cr. Molesworth Greene, J.P., has sent £5 to Cr. G. Dickie, J.P., as a donation to Maddingley Park, which is a pleasing evidence of good will to that local respon sibility and pride. An old resident of Bacchus Marsh, named Edward Finnen, aged 92 years, died on Monday last. He was the eldest of three brothers all now dead, who were wrongfully dispossessed in 1865 of some selections they had acquired at what was known as Tipperary flat. .The Debating Society will meet on Wednesday evening next, when "the Magazine" will be read by Mr. T. G. Pearce. The Rev; Edward Harris, of West Mel. bourne; who has accepted the honorary pastorate of the Baptist Church, Bacchus Marsh, is at present conducting a series of monthly week evening addresses, the next of which will be held on Thursday evening. In response to a requisition which we got up last Tuesday week, Mr. Deakin has consented to appear once more upon ,a Baccfhus Marsh platform (where he is always welcome) to give an address on Thursday, 26th May, upon the world-wide topic of "Australian Federation." We expected to have been able to announce this week the name of a second speaker, but the A.N.A. executive in Melbourne, which has been allowed to assume control of speakers' movements, is so very slow in arranging these matters that we cannot add more information to the above, ex cept that Mr. S. T. Staughton has also accepted an invitation to be present on the 26th. As soon as we can get the wheels in Melbourne to go round we shall announce full particulars by placard, and we hope to see one of the largest meetings ever held in Bacchus Marsh assemble in the Mechanics' Institute on the 26th. At a committee meeting of the Bacchus Marsh branch of the A.N.A. on Thursday evening it was decided to form a Federal Committee to co-operate with any other local committee to assist in securing a large majority vote on the 3rd June next for the Federal Bill. All persons willing to join the committee are requested to remain at the close of the meeting of the A.N.A. on Thursday, May 19th, on which occasion a paper upon the Referendum will be given by Mr. B. B. Mogg. Mr. W. T. Lazenby, Hon. Sec., Melan esian Mission, will preach morning and evehing at Holy Trinity Church, Bacchus Marsh, to-morrow. The surplus offertory will be presented to the Mission funds. Mr. Lazenby will also preach at Christ Church, Melton, on Sunday afternoon, at 8\. Offertory for the Mission. The Rev. F. H. Gibbs will conduct service at Melton in the evening. 