"All's Well that Ends Well." THE NOVELIST. CHAPTER XX. "Why not say outright,' Francesca asked, still with the same unnatural calmness of manner, ' because you lutto rao — because you have liatcd mo from the first momont that you saw mo, and when you realised that I had a spirit as well as you, and that I would not tamoly submit to bo insulted and domineered over. J ust because you have money and I have none you think you aro at liberty to treat mo as you do that poor little Betty Mannington, you bullied und unpaid drudge. You forget, I think, that I am a Rovelsworth as well as you. I would not stay under roof ono hour but for that poor crippled creaturo who depends upon me ; and so long as you live I solemnly swear that I will not look upon your face again. As early as possiblo to-morrow I will leavo your house, and you need not fear that I shall over try to communicate with you again. This is our last meeting on earth, aunt Margaret. You have treated mo with cruel injustice from the beginning, and I am not going to protend that I forgive you. But one thing I must ask — I must insist upon. I have not tho least wish to see or speak to Betty or to either of my cousins to-night. But, if I dine in my mother's room and do not appear again this evening, you at least owo it to mo to uphold mo in the state ment that my mother is ill and requires my attendance. When wo have left the house, you inform my cousins and Betty of my heinous wickedness in losing both my parents and making two wretched marriages ; but, until I have left it, I must beg you to keep silence on tho sub ject of my affairs, as I myself do.' Thero was a note of command and not of entreaty in Francesca's voico us she spoke, looking down into Mrs. Revels- worth's eyes with that fierce light in her own ; and, fight against tho feeling as she might, the old lady was for the moment cowed by her tone of authority. I have no wish to talk about you,' sho said coldly. 'You can send down what message you please to explain your absence from the dinner-table.' 'Thank you. Good night, aunt Mar garet.' ' Good night.' Their hands did not touch, hut their eyes met, and in Francesco's there lurked a triumphant look. Sho was to be driven from her aunt's houso on the morrow, she was to be shut out from nil share of the fortune, tho mistakes and errors of iter unshielded youth had been raked up against her, she had been forbidden even to hold communication with those who boro her father's name. Yet, in spite of all these things, it was triumph that shone in her eyes nnd curved her lips into a dis dainful smile as she left Iter aunt's pre sence for the last time. Dinner was a dull function that evening. Each one of tho four persons present hud reasons for feeling unsunlly anxious and agitated ; and little Betty, who, as a rule, did her best to smooth overall difficulties, had not yet sufficiently recovered from tho previous night's ghost-adventure to cxerciso her gifts of social tact and pleasantness. Victor and Dudley, for their part, were almost equally disappointed by Francesca's non-appearance at the table. The former was bouyed up by It is belief in the secret understanding which existed between himself and his beautiful cousin, while his brother Dudley longed against liis better judgment to see and speak with Francesca again. Mrs. Rovelsworth was unusually tie- pressed. Again and again iter conscience smote Iter for her harsh treatment of her beautiful licicc. But Simpson had not yet been summoned. After dinner she would write to hint, site decided, The first dinner-bell had rung immediately upon the conclusion of her interview with Francesca, and thero had boon no time ns yet for letter-writing. When Simpson canto to- innrrow, she woultl lay all tho facts of tho case before him, nnd consult with him as to a suitable provision for her niece. Of course her devotion to that ugly dirty-looking old invalid nurso hod something touching about it, presumably it was not Iter fault that her two matrimonial ventures had been so But what could be the meaning of that look of triumph Francesca's face had worn when she said ' Good night ' ? Tho question puzzled and troubled the old lady. The interview with Francesca had disturbed and agitated her greatly. At dinner site could eat nothing, nnd in the drawing-room afterwards neither her knitting nor Betty's playing could exercise their wonted soothing effect upon her unquiet mind. Her letter to the lawyer Simpson was written and entrusted to Dudley's hands to post. Turo to her promise, Mrs. Rovelsworth did not confide one word of what had passed between Francesca anil hcsself to any Jnmate of her houso tlint evening ; and, although little Betty not unnaturally con nected the iuterview between aunt and neico with Miss Rcvelswotth's non appearance at tho table, as well its with Mrs. Revelsworth'a letter to the lawyer, sho was left to her own .surmises on the subject and in no way enlightened by her employer. At a littlo liefore her usual time Mrs. Rovelsworth retired to her room. All her life she hud dispensed with the services of a maid, but Betty Mannington invariably brushed and arranged her hair, placed her watch, night-light, candle and matches, barley-water and novel on tho table by her bedside, and kissed her the last tiling before drawing the curtains of her bed. On thisparticular night tho old lady was very silent, and more than once sighed deeply, but, somewhat to Betty's surprise, she did not alludo to the subject which was troubling her. ' I am afraid I have been a hard woman all my life, Botty,' she said, as alio lay in bed and stared at the girl with a pathetic look; in lier oyos. ' Perhaps, if I'd had children, I should have been gentler ; but we Rovelsworths are not a gontle family. 'I- work and wait' is our motto, you know, and our crest a mailed hand clenched, which means, ns I take it-, ' and, if necessary, I strike too— strike hard where" I liate.' My grand-father Isaac adojpted the crosfc and motto when ho took his wifo's name a hundred years ago. We have boon a tough hard family. Very soon there will be only two of us loft — Victor and Dudley.' And Frances.' And Frances,' Mrs. Rovelsworth repeated, after a slight pause. 'I should like to have seen those boys marriod, and young children growing up about them to carry on tho name.' ' You will, dear Sirs. Revelsworth — you will, some day.' Tho old woman shook her head. 'They aro both bewitched,' she mur mured. ' I should have liked my nephew Dudley to have taken a fancy to you, Betty ; and I think you would have liked it too. You havo beon good daughter to mo fivo for years — you aro a kind unselfish girl. I am afraid, dear, I have been hard with you at times.' ' You havo always been kind,' exclaimed Betty — ' very kind. I can't hear to hear you talk liko this.' ' Would you have married my nephew- Dudley if ho had asked you,' Mrs. Revels- worth said, after a slight pause. ' I should have loved to,' littlo Betty answered frankly. 'But please, dear Mrs. Rovelsworth, never let any ono know I said so, Ho doesn't care in the least littlo bit for mo in tlint way, and I would not for tho world that ho should over know I had beon silly enough to fall in love with him.' ' Ho shall never know it from mo, my little girl,' Margaret llevelsworth said gently, as she patted Betty's hand. ' But I wish things had turned out otherwise. And now you must say ' Good night ' to me, for I feel worn out. Wo old things cannot stand excitement.' As Betty was leaving the, room, nfter kissing her, Mrs. Revelsworth called her back. ' I have been mean to you, Betty,' she said, in quick nervous tones. 'That woman said so to-day, and sho was right. But, when Simpson comes to-morrow, I will aitcr all that. Bend your head — there is something I want to give you.' Tho girl obeyed, wondering, and Mar garet Revelsworth took from her own neck and fastened round that of Betty the fine gold chain she always wore, attached to which wns a cross formed of largo anil flawless diamonds.' ' Don't say a word,' she whispered. 1 Don't thank me. "Wear it and think about me. Heaven bless you, dear. Good night.' Three hours later Betty sprang up in bed, wide awake and trembling, conscious that some one had called her natuc, and yet hearing nothing. Hurrying to the door of Mrs. Revelswoth's room, sho tapped at it and listened intently for an an answer. At first there was silence, nnd then n faint groaning reached her ears. Opening the door in terror, she found the room in complete darkness, anil, as she sprang forward, site stumbled over an object on tho floor. Falling upon Iter knees and groping in the dark, site dis covered that it was Mrs. Revelsworth who lay there, prone and helpless, grasping for breath, and trying vainly to speak. Crying aloud for help, tho girl flung her arms about tho elder woman and strove to lift iter in the direction of tho bed. But, by tho time that help came nnd fights were lit and a doctor sent for, tho mistress of Revelsworth House was past all human aid. From acute and burning pain she passed to a comatose eonition, nnd before the day broke her spirit had passed away while Iter body lay supported in Betty's loving arms. CHAPTER XXTT. Francesca R evekswortii's grief over her aunt's death was extremely touching. ' T know she never loved me,' she con fided to Dudley and Betty as she sat with them in Iter 'den' three days after the funeral, pouring out the ten, "and looking in her flowing draperies of funereal crape mid cashmere, more dttzzlingly fair than ever, ' but on l-he very day of Iter death we lmil a long talk. 1 told her the whole story of my past experience. At first she was eold and hard, but gradually her sympathy was awakened, and she spoke to me with such motherly tenderness I burst into tears. I was so agitated that, if you remember, I stayed upstairs all the rest of the evening. My mother was far from well and wanted me, but had I once known I should never have seen Aunt Margaret alive again, I would not for the whole world have snout the evenine iiwav from her.' Dudley was struck by the good feeling displayed by bis cousin, but littlo Betty, the most sympathetic of mortals, looked very uncomfortable. Fortunately Miss Revelsworth was too much occupied in noting the effect of her words upon her male bearer to take any particular notice of Betty's demeanour. ' Betty was such a dear little thing, so devoted to her, that it did not occur to Francesca to mark her reception of these confidences. But the fact was that something had happened which had shaken Betty's belief in her friend's veracity. Almost before the breath was out of Airs. Rcvelswotth's body, and long before Betty bad recovered from tho first cruel shock of her sudden death, Francesca bud been discovered by Susan, tho parlour maid, on her knees in the dead woman's drawing-room, hunting high uud low for a letter with an Italian post-nmrk, which she alleged she had dropped during her last interview with her aunt, and for the recovery of which she offered a reward of orto guinea. Even in the distraction of her sinecro grief Betty recalled the fact that Mrs. Revelsworth had herself received a letter from Rome on the day in question, and when subsequently Francesea begged to be allowed to search in Airs. Revels- worth's bed-room for the missing letter, a sense of her duty to her dead relative made little Miss Mannington glanco first about the room for her own satisfaction, with the result that, within the pages of the library novel, which she herself had placed upon the table by Airs. Revels- worth's bedside, she discovered a letter in a man's handwriting, bearing the post mark ' Rome,' and addressed, not to Francesca, but to 'Airs. Alargaret Revels worth.' It was long before Betty could decide as to what was her duty with regard to the letter in question. Clearly it did not belong to Francesca, and as clearly it concerned her, for it was, as Belt' knew full well, tho only letter from Italy which had arrived at Revelsworth Houso that morning, and Francesca's anxiety to get it was manifest. On tho ovoning of tho funeral, having had the open envonope and letter in her possession, unread, for two wholo days, Betty decided that sho would best carry out her lato friond aud employer's wishes by reading it, and in tho solitude of her own apartment, sho drew tho thin crackling shoot from its covering and read as follows : — " My Df.aii Mrs. Revelsworth, — I received your letter ten days ago, and am now in a position to answer tho inquiries you made with regard to your niece Francesca, the only duughtor of your late brother-in-law Harold. Aly affection and estoem for your dead liuBbaud and you are so strong, I cannot help regretting the task you have assigned to me. At the same time I feel it incumbent upon mo in tho circumstances you state to tell you tho whole truth. I know Harold Rovelsworth at one time fairly well. He was a handsome, pleasant, erratic man, but hampered by a sensitive and irritable temper, by extravagant tastes, and by a craze for scientific experiments which half ruined hint. You puzzle mo by your reforence to yur invalid widow. His wife, a lovely Italian lady of high rank, died of malarial fever 20 years ago. I have seen her tomb, inscribed with her name ill full. She was ono of the Conti family. As far as I can recollect, your niece, who was a beautiful child, was brought up by an old nurse. Soon after poor Harold's sudden death Miss Revels worth eloped, so 1 heard, with a"young Italian tenor — a handsome dissipated fellow, of no fort une, family, or education, a member of a travelling opera company. A few years later T myself recognised her driving about Rome, in a carriage beside a worthless young gambler, a man of good family, a younger son, so I was told, of an Irish peer. She was afterwards seen in bis company at Paris and Nice. I believe the man's name was Dcvereux. I am sorry to give you so bad an account of tho girl, but 1 have to speak as 1 know, and if, as you say, t wo of your nephews are in love with her, it is only fair to them tlint she should be usked to explain these suspicious incidents in her career. Hoping she will be able to do so to your complete satisfaction, " I remain, sincerely yours, "Graham Andrew Marker." The contents of this letter filled Betty with the deepest concern. Piecing it together with Airs. Revelcworth's demand for an interview with her niece imme diately the hitler returned from town, with Francesca's absence from dinner, Airs. Revelswortb's silence and evident agitation, and her summons of Iter lawyer Air. Simpson, Betty arrived naturally at the conclusion that Francesea was mis representing the actual facts when she asserted that Iter last talk with her aunt hud been wholly a pleasant and rather friendly one. From the lawyer himself there was not much to learn, hilt that little was very important in the light of what Betty now kitew. 'I require your presence to-morrow at noon,' tiio old lady had written to Air. .Simpson, the. dapper littlo grey-haired gentleman, whose firm had looked after tho Revelsworth legnl interests for half a century. ' Certain facts had come to my knowledge which render it imperative I should destroy my existing will and make another, so please come prepared, not to advise, but to assist me in this under taking.' Alost fortunately, however, as it turned out, for Francesca, Airs. Revclsworth's intentions were frustrated by her death, and the old will continued valid. Ac cording to this document, the purport of which was tolerably well-known to all concerned, even before the public reading by Mr. Simpson, the testatrix desired her heirs should continue to reside at Revels worth House until the centenary of the founding of the firm was readied in mid summer of the following year, at which date the entire property was to be divided into t hree port ions - Dudley, as eldest son, taking the lion's share, and Victor and Frances proportionately less. Revels worth House, with its stabling nnd nil it contained, except a few heirlooms and the family plate, was left to ' my dear friend and companion, my cousin's child, Elizabeth .Maimington, together with two hundred a year, and such of my trinkets as she shall choose to the value of one hundred pounds.' This nortion of the u-tii ,t to the deceased ludys private property was to take effect immediately, so that Betty, to her o\\\ 11 extreme surprise, found herself the mistress of llevclsworth House, and in the position of receiving as guests tite assembled bearers of the family name. This responsibility increased the dilli- culties of Betty's position. Airs. Revels worth' luul wished them all to reside together under one roof until the division of tho property. But when the old lady mudo this proviso, she had 110 anticipation of sudden death, nor hnd she received tho letter from Italy which cast such grave aspersions upon the character of her beautiful niece. Betty, feeling herself to be in some sense her dead employer's representative, was strongly exercised in mind as to what course she should pursue with this letter. Her instinct told her that to show it to Francesca would be worse titan useless. Tt seemed as though Airs. Revelsworth had bequeathed to Betty that suspicion of Francesca under which site herself had always laboured. Francesca would tell lies upon the subject — Betty felt sure of that— artful, plausible lies. Betty was beginning to fear Iter friend's capability in this direction, and to be slightly afraid of Iter too. She strenuously fought against Litis feeling, telling herself, with burning cheeks, that it must bo caused by a mean jealousy of Francesca's influence over Dudley. " Because I am an insignificant little creature, not to bo spoken of in tlio same breath with Francesca, must I bo foolishly .jealous of her V she asked herself. 'Or, because I have been silly enough lo fall in love with a man who looks upon me as tt sister, must I feel suspicious of Francesca just because sho has fascinated him, nnd because she has had strange ami sad experience such as luivo never befallen me in my uneventful existence V (to he continued.) 