[?] Mysterious Mr. Sabin." (BY E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM.) _ Author of "Till the Day of Judgment," "A Daughter of Aatrea." CHAPTER XXV. The Countess of Deringlimn was sitting alone in her smaller drawingroora, gazing steadfastly at a certain spot in the blazing fire. A little pile of grey ashes was all that remained of the sealed packet which she had placed within the bars only a few seconds ago. She watched it slowly grow shapeless —piece after piece went" fluttering up the broad chimney. A gentle yet melancholy smile was parting her lips. A chapter of her life was floating away there with the little trembling strips lighter than the air, already hopelessly destroyed. Their disin tegration brought with it a sense of freedom .which she had lacked for many years. Yet it was only the folly of a girl, the story of a foolish love-making, which those grey, ashen fragments, clinging so tenaciously to the iron bars, could have unfolded. Lady Deringhnm was hot. a woman who had ever for' a single moment had cause to reproach herself with any real lack of duty to the brave, young Englishman whom she had married so many years ago. It was of those days she was thinking, as she sat there for the caller, whose generosity had set her free. At precisely 4 o'clock there was the sound of wheels in the drive, the slow movement of feet in the hall, and a servant announced H visitor. "Mr. Sabin." Lady Deringhnm. smiled and greeted him graciously. Mr. Sabin leaned upon liis wonderful stick for a moment, and then bent low over Lady Deringham's hand. She pointed to an easy elinir close to her own, and he sank into it with some appearance of weariness. He was looking a little old and tired, and he carried himself without any of his usual buoyancy. "Only a few 'minutes ago," she said, "I burnt my letters. I was thinking of those days in Paris, when the man announced you! How old it makes one feel." . He looked at her critically. "I am beginning to arrive at the con clusion," he said, "that the poets and the novelists are wrong; it is the man who suffers! look at my grey hairs!" "It is only the art of my maid," she said, smiling, "which conceals mine. Do not let ns talk of the past at all; to think that we lived so long ago is positively appalling!" He shook his head gently. "Not so appalling," he answered, "as the ihought of how long we still have to live! One regrets one's youth as a matter of course, but the prospect of old age is more terrible still! Lucky those men and those Women who live and then die. It is that interregnum — the level, monotonous plain of advancing old age, when one takes tho waters at Carlsbad and looks askance at the entrees— that is what one has to dread. To watch our own degeneration, the drop ping away of our energies, the decline of our .taste, why, the tortures of the Inquisi tion were trifles to it!" She shuddered a little. "You paint old age in dreary colors," she said. "I paint it as must seem to men who have kept the kernel of life between their teeth," he answered, carelessly. "To the others- well, one cares little about them! Most men are like cows— they are contented so long as they are fed. To tlit class, I daresay old age may seem something of a rest. But neither you nor I are akin to them." "You talk— as you always talked," she said; "Mr. Sabin is very like " He stopped her. "Mr. Sabin, if you please," he exclaimed. t am particularly anxious to preserve mv incognito just now; ever since we met yes terday, I have been regretting iliat I did not mention it to you. I do not wish it to be known that I am in England." "Mr. Sabin, it shall be then," she an- svrered; "only if I were you, I would have chosen a more musical name!" I wonder, have you by chance spoken of tee to your son ?" he asked. "It is only by chance that I have not " She admitted; "I have scarcely seen him alone to-day, and he was out last evening Do you wish to remain Mr. Sabiu to him abo?" "To him particularly," Mr. Sabin de clared; "young men are seldom discreet." Lady Deringham smiled. "Wolfenden is not a gossip," she re marked; "in fact I believe he is generally considered too reserved." "For the present, nevertheless," he said "let me remain Mr. Sabin to him also. I do not ask you this without a purpose." Lady Deringham bowed her head. This man had a right to ask her more than such slight favors. "You are still," she said, "a man of mys tery and incognitos. You' arc still, I sup pose, a plotter of great schemes. In the old days you used to terrify me almost; are you still as daring?" "Alas! no," he answered; "time i'b rapidly drawing me towards the great borderland, and when my foot is once planted there, I Tho Victorian right of publication lias been purchased by the proprietors of "The Leader." shall carry out my theories and make my bow to the world with the best grace a man may whose life lias been one long chorus of disappointments. No! I have re tired from the great stage; mine is now only a passive occupation. One returns al ways, you know, and in a mild way I have returned to the literary ambitions of my youth. It is in connection, by the bye, with this, that I arrive at the favor which you so kindly promised to grant me." "If you knew, Victor," she said, how kindly I feel towards you, you would not ! hesitate to ask me anything within my I power to grant." | Mr. Sabin toyed with his stick, and gazed steadfastly into the fire. He was pensive for several minutes; then, with the air of a man who suddenly detaches himself from a al unpleasant train of thought, he looked up with a smile. _ »» "T am not coing to tax you very severely I c-jwl "1 am writing a critical paper on uoints however, on which he wa» scarcei clear and in the course of conversation he mentioned vour husband's name as being the greatest living authority upon those points. He offered to give me a letter to ! i,jul but I thought it would perhaps scarcely be wise. I fancied, too, you might be inclined, for reasons which we need not e'&UsCpirreqlUrLady; DeringWs Sge; shfc stdlU? wMt, aSt Z the lips. A look of positive tear wns m her eves. The frank cordiality, the absolute kindliness, with which she had vrelcomed- hcr visitor, was gone, bhe looked at him with new eyes; the old mistrust as born acain. Once more he was the man to be feared and dreaded above all other men; vet she would not give way altogether. -He was watching her narrowly, and she made a brave effort to regain her composure. % "Hut do you not know, she said, ncsi- tatinglv, ''that my husband is a great in valid; it is a very painful suoject for all ot us but we fear. that his mind is not what it used to be. He has never been the same man since that awful night m the bolent. II is work is more of a hobby with him ;f it would not be at all reliable for reference. "Not all of it, certainly, ne assented; "3jr. O- — explained that to me. \» hat I want is an opportimitj' to discriminate. Some would be very useful to me— -the majority of course worse than useless. The particular information which I want concerns the structural defects in some of the new battle ships. It would save an im mense amount of time to get this suc cinctly/' . . She looked away from still agi tated. ... j "There are difficulties," she murmured, "serious ones. Mv husband lias an extra ordinary idea as to the value of his own re searches, and he is always haunted by a fear lest someone should break in and steal his papers. He would not suffer me to glance at them; and the room is too closely guarded for me to take you there without his knowledge. He is never away himself, and oue of the keepers is stationed out- "The wit of a woman," Mr. Sabin said softly, "is all conquering!" "Providing always," Lady Deringham said, "that the woman is willing. I do not understand what it all moans. Do you know this? Perhaps you do! There have been efforts made by strangers to break into my husband's room. Only a few days ago a stranger came here with a forged letter of introduction, and obtained access to the Admiral's library. He did not come to steal! He came to study my husband's work ; lie came, in fact, for the very purpose which you avow! Only yesterday my son began to take the same interest in the same thing: the whole of this morning he spent with his father, under the pretence of help ing him; really, he was studying and exam ining for himself. He has not told nie what it is, hut lie has reason for this; he, too. has some suspicions. Now you come, and your mission is the same. Whatdacs-it-alkJ mean? 1 will write to Mr. jC1"" myself; he will come down and adcs'e me.". - - "I would not do that if 1 were you," Mr. Sabin said, quietly. "Mr / C-j— would. not thank you to be dragged dcAtv(t herd "on such an idle' errand." V "Ay, but would it be an'.id!e.;ern\nd ?" . she said, slowly. " Victor, ' me! I should hate to refuse aiiv uiing-yoir asked nic; tell me what it means! is my husband's work of any real value, and if so, to whom, and for what purpose? Mr. Sabin was gently distressed. "My dear Lady Deringham," he said, "I have told you the exact truth. I want to get some statistics for my paper. Mr. C— himself recommended me to try and get them from your husband; that is absolutcly all. As for this attempted robbery of which you were telling me, believe me when I as sure you that I know nothing whatever aimut it. Your son's interest is, after all, only natural. The study of the papers, on which your husband has ben engaged, is the only reasonable test of his sanity. Frankly, I cannot believe that anyone in Lord Der ingham's mental stute could produce any work likely to be of the slightest permanent value." The Countess sighed. "1 suppose that I must believe you, Vic tor," she said; "yet, notwithstanding all that you say. I do not know how to help you; my husband scarcely ever leaves the room. He works there, with a revolver by his side, if he were to find a stranger near his work, I believe that lie would shoot him without hesitation." "At night time " "At night time, he usually sleeps there, in an anteroom, and outside there is u man always watching." Mr. Sabin looked thoughtful. "It is only necessary," he said, "for me to be in the room for about ten minutes, and I do not need tp carry anything away; my memory will serve me for all that I re quire. By some means or other I must have that ten minutes!" "\'ou will risk your life," Lady Dering ham said; "for I cannot suggest any plan; I would help you if I could, but I am power less." "I must have that ten minutes, Mr. Sa bin said slowly. " , "Must!" Lady Deringham raised her eyebrows. There wns a subtle change in the tone of tlie man, a note of authority, perhaps even the shadow of a threat; lie noted the effect, and followed it up. "I mean what I say, Constance, lie de clared; "I am "not asking you a great thing; you have your full share of a womnns wit, and you can arrange this if you like. "But, Victor, be reasonable, she pro tested; "suggest a way yourself if you think it is so easy; I tell you that lie never leaves the room! . n . "He must be made to leave it. "By force?" ' , "if necessary," Mr. Sabin answered coolly. , . , Lady Deringham raised her band to her forehead, ana sat thinking. I he man s growing earnestness bewildered her. Y , was to be done; what could she say! Alter all he was not changed; the old fear of him was creeping through her veins; yet she made her effort. 'Vaii u-nnf tVinef rtnnnrs for something more than a magazine article! she de clared; "there is something behind all this. Victor, I cannot help you; I am powerless; I will take no part in anything which I can not understand." He stood up, leaning a little_ upon his stick, the dull green stone of which flashed brightly in the firelight. "You will liclp mo," lie said slowly; you will let me into that room at night, and you will see that your husband is not there, or that he does not interfere. _ And as to that magazine article, you are right! What if it were a lie! 1 do not fly at small game; now do you understand?" She rose to her feet, and drew herself up before him proudly: she towered above him, handsome, dignified, angry. "Victor," sTie saiu firmly, "I refuse, you can go away at once! I will have no more to say or to do with you! You have given me up my let tors, it is true, yet for that you have no special claim upon my gratitude; a mail of honor would have destroyed them long ago." He looked un at her, and the ghost of an unholy smile flickered upon his lips. "Did I tell you that I had given lliem all back to you? be said; "ah! that was a mis take, all save one I should have said! One I kept in case— well, your sex nre proverbi ally ungrateful, you know. It is the one on the yellow paper, written from Mentone! You remember it? I always liked it better than any of ilie others." Her white hands flashed out in the fire light,, it seemed almost as though she must have struck him. He had lied to her! She was not really free, he was still the master, and she liis 'slave! She stood as though turned to stone. "I think," he said, "that you will listen now to a little plan which has just occurred to me. will you not?" She looked away from him with a Bhudder. "What is it?" she asked hoarsely. CHATTER XXVI. "I am afraid," Harcutt said, "that either the letter was a hoax, or the writer has thought better of the matter. It is half au hour past the time, and poor Mr. Blather- wick is still alone." Wolfenden glanced towards the distant table, where his father's secretary was al ready finishing his modest meal. "Poor old Blatherwick," he remarked, "I know he's awfully relieved; he's too nervous for this sort- of thing; I believe he would have lost his head altogether, if his mysteri ous correspondent had turned up." "I suppose," Harcutt said, "that we may take it for granted that ho is not in the room." "Every soul here," Wolfenden answered, "is known to me either personally or by sight. The man with the dark moustache, sitting by himself, is a London solicitor, who built himself a bungalow here four years ago, and comes down every other week for golf. The two men in the corner are land speculators from Horwich; and their neighbor is Captain Stoncliam, who rides over from the Barracks twice a week, also for golf." "It is rather a sell for us," Harcutt re marked. "On the whole I am not sorry that 1 have to go back to town to-night. Great Scot! ' What a pretty girl!'.' "Lean back, you idiot," Wolfenden ex claimed softly, don't move if you can help it!" v Harcutt grasped the situation, and obeyed at once. The portion of the diningroom in which they were sitting wns little more than a recess, divided- oil from the main apartmc-nt by heavy curtains and seldom used except in the summer when visitors were plentiful. Mr. Blathcnvick's table was really within a few feet of theirs, but they themselves were hidden from it by a corner of the folding doors. They had chosen -the position with care and apparently with success. The'-girl who had entered the room stood for n moment looking round as though about 'to select a table, ilareutt's exclamation tVas.'not without justification, for the was certainly pretty. She was neatly dressed in' ii. grey walking suit, and a velvet Tain-o'- .Sfiiihter liat, with a smart feather. Sud- 'denly she saw Mr. Blatherwick, and ad vanced towards him with outstretched hand and a charming smile. "Why, my dear Mr. Blatherwick, what on earth are you doing here?" she exclaimed "Have you left Lord Deringham?" Mr. Blatherwick rose to his feet confused and blushing to his spectacles. He greeted the young lady, however, with evident plea sure. "No; that is, "not yet," he answered. "I am not leaving this week. I did not know— 1 had no idea that you were in the vicinity. T nm vaw nlonanrl (A CHA i>m. " She looked at the empty place at his table "I was going to have some luncheon," she said. "I have walked so much further than 1 intended, and I am ravenously hungry. May I sit at your table?" "With much pleasure," Mr. Blatherwick assented. I was expecting a— a— friend, but he is evidently not coming." "I will take his place, then, if I may," she said, seating .leroclf in the chair winch t lie waiter was holding for licr, and raising her veil. "Will you order something for mes I am too hungry to mind what it is." .Mr. Blatherwick gave a hesitating order and the waiter departed. Miss Morton drew off her gloves, and was perfectly at her ease. "Now do tell me about the friend whom you were, going to meet," she said, smiling gaily at linn. ' I hope— you really must not tell me, Mr. Blatherwick, that it was a lady." . Mr. Blatherwick colored to the roots of his hair at the mere suggestion, and has tened to disclaim it. "My— my dear Miss Morton," he ex claimed, "I can assure you tbat it was not I— I should not think of such a tiling." She nodded, and began to break up lier roll and cat it. "I am, very glad to hear it, Mr. Blather- wick," she said. "I warn you That I was prepared to be very jealous. You used to tell me, you know, tbat I was the only girl with whom you cared to talk." "It is— quite true, quite true, Miss Mer- ton," he answered, eagerly, dropping his voice a little and glancing uneasily over his shoulder. "I — I have missed you very much indeed; it lias been very dull." Mr. Blatherwick sighed; he was rewarded by a very kind silence from a pair of very blue eyes. He fingered the wine list and began to wonder whether she would care for champagne. "Now tell me," she said, "all the news. How are tlicy all at Deringham Hall? The dear old admiral and the countess, and that remarkably Billy young man, Lord Wolfen den." Wolfenden received a kick under the table, and Harcutt's face positively beamed with delight. Mr. Blatherwick, however, had almost forgotten their proximity. He liad made up his mind bo order cbam- ' "The ad-ad-admiral is well in health but worse menially," lie answered. "I am leav- uig for that very reason. I do not conceive that in fairness to myself I should continue to -waste my time in work which can bring forth no fruit. I trust, Miss Merton, that you agree with me." "Perfectly," she answered, gravely. "Tho countess," he continued, "is well, but much worried. There have been strange liap-hap-happeniiigs at the Ilall since you left. Lord Wolfenden is there. By the bve, Miss Merton," he added, dropping his voice, "I do not- not-think that you used to consider Lord Wolfenden .so very silly when you were at Deringham." "It was very dull sometimes, when you were busy, Mr. Blatherwick," she answered, beginning her lunch. "I will confess to you that I did try to amuse myself a little with Lord' Wolfenden! But he was altogether too rustic— too stupid! I like a man with brains." . Harcutt produced a handkerchief, and stuffed it to his mouth; his face was slowly becoming purple with suppressed laughter, Mr. Blatherwick ordered the champagne. _ "I — I was very jealous of him," he ad mitted almost in a whisper. The -blue eyes were raised again very elo quently to his. "You had no cause," she said gently, and Mr. Blatherwick haven't you forgotten something?" Mr. Blatherwick had sipped his glass of champagne, and answered without a stutter. . "I have not," he said, "forgotten you." "You used to call me by my Christian name." . .. "I should be delighted to call you Miss — Blanche for ever, he said boldly, "may I?" She laughed softly. "Well, I don't quite know about that," she said. "You may, for this morning, at least. It is so pleasant to see you again. How is the work getting on?" He groaned. '.'Don't ask. me, please; it is awful. I nm truly glad that I am leaving — for many reasons." "Have you finished copying those awful details of the defective armor plates?" she asked, suddenly dropping her voice so that it barely reached the other side of the table. "Only last night," he answered. "It was very hard work, and so ridiculous. It went into the box with the rest of the finished work this morning." "Did the admiral engage a new type writer?" sho inquired. He shook" his head. "No; he says that lie has nearly finished." "I am so glnd," she said, "you have had no temptation to flirt with anybody else, have you?" "To flirt with — anybody else! Oh, Miss — I mean Blanche! Do you think that I could do that ?" Itis little round face shone with sincerity, and the heat of the unaccustomed wine. His eyes were watering a little, and his spectacles were dull. The girl looked at him in amusement. "I am afraid," she said, with a sigh, "that you used to flirt with me." "I can assure yon, B — 15 — Blanche," he de clared earnestly, "that I never said a word to you which I — I did not lion— hon — honestly mean. Blanche, I should like to ask you something." "Not now," she interrupted hastily. "Do you know I fancy that we must be getting too confidential. That odious man with the eyeglass keeps staring at us. Tell me what vnu are going to do when you leave here. You can ask me what you were going to nftenvards." Mr. Blatherwick grew eloquent, and Blanche was sympathetic. It was quite half an hour before they rose and prepared to depart. I know you don't mind," Blanche said to him confidentially, "if I ask you to leave the hotel first. The people I am with are a little particular, and it would scarcely do, you see, for us to go out together." "Ceitainly," he replied. "Would you 1 — lilro me to leave you here? Would it he better?" "You might walk to the door with me, please." she said. "I am afraid you must be very disappointed that your friend .did not coine, are you not?"' Mr. Blatherwick's reply wns almost in coherent in its excess of protestation. They walked down the room together. Harcutt and Wolfenden looked at one another. "Well," the former exclaimed, drinking up his liqueur, "it is a sell." "Yes," Wolfenden agreed thoughtfully, with his eyes fixed upon the two departing figures, "it is a sell." (To be Continued.) 