[FROM THE WA RECORD ] To search for the ridiculous side of things, says George Sand, is to lay bare their weak and illogical side. Here is u book racy of the soil. If the soil be • mostly sand, where it is not dust, the writer is not accountable for that; but it is all the more to his credit to deal with it racily. What he is accountable for is an interpretation by means of humour and persiflage—both genuinely " spontaneous, and not a laboured line in all—of West Australia from its foundation to its summit. Where to find that everyone knows:— " F for the Forrests—Duke A. and King John." We, nevertheless, mark at least one omission. In the verses entitled " The Age of Jarrah,'' for example, we are given, under the motto Timw Danaos et dona ferente*, the lament of the time-honoured saudgroper on the invasion from the other side :— " Swift to this scrub-clad strand, My helpless, hapless land, A restless, bustling band From Eastward journeys; Crowd* neither slow nor small Fiock in at Fortune's call, Doctors like hailstones fall, it rains attoriu-ys." A passing allusion to Luther's rain of Duke Georges might not seem in place. A shower like that, nevertheless, would appear comparable to any thing. Pitch- (oiks, at any rate, must be a joke to it. There the lament of our sanjjl-groping predecessor can be understoocL But why has our poet no line to express the sorrow of the aboriginal at the arrival of the white man ? Does he not Tinow that a touch of nature makes the whole world kic ? Black and white afflicted similarly must shed a symaathetic tear. We have the colony here, hofrever, undei all its present aspects, quaintly described in tuneful verse. The pamphlet is principally devoted to humorous sketches. In a comparatively few instances ouly docs the poet, so to speak, exchange the banjo for the lyre, tie does so, however, with an able touch. There are touches, too, in lighter strains that'suggest the latent power. Here is a verse—the concluding one of a poem on Christmas—that fully roveals a higher talent:— " There's a Christmas more for the piled-up store • • • • "•* . •. • Of the past with its strange linked chain. The niglit falls black on the dry red track That severs the sciub-clad plain, And the ghosts we raise from the d*rk dead days Sink back in the dark again." ' We may hope from this" and some others of equal force, to hear again a writer who^ though it has pleased him to adapt his peu to less solemn themes, in which, nevertheless, he has attained a] brilliant success, is capable also of more lasting and more valuable work. The little book is well printed and creditably turned out; 