France and Russia v. England. [By Geo. C. Ckaiq, Sydney.] I never doubted for one moment that Frnucti aad Russia wero estranged in their unholy alliance against England, chut; they ouch loro ono another in thoir Uearts ; but both buve an _axfi to grind against the ever-advancing British Empire. Germany and Austria have been playing Bhuttle cock and battlodorc to suit their own in terests, some times diplomaticating on cue side of Fiance, Russia, or England. The death of tho now notorious Bismarck has left tho hands of tho Kaiser and hia Chancollor more freo to act, if they so wish, in tho interests of England, of course, for a consideration, tho new consideration being sole railway monopoly in the Shantung peninsula, and tho first right to annox Syria or the Holy Land. Fashoda, and a through line on Britisn territory from the Zambesi to Cairo, may havo something to do with the present international dornngeinent, but the true cause is that Russia, knowing that England, Germany, Japan, and tbu United States havo put their feet down against the partition and RussUnieation of China, is playing, under tho cloak of general disarmament, a bold, wild, and coercive game ngainBt England and her possible allies. -\Then M. Pavloff and theYamenof Pekin had proved false to Sir Claude Macdonald in the matter of Newchang and Hankow railway concessions, I stated in the Mercury that Russia had now to beware of tho silence of Lord Salisbury and the warnings of the j London Press. The joint action of Franco and Russia at Pekin has made the British nation at home and abroad united, strong, and true as steel | against nil-comers. Salisbury, backed up fcy Earl Rosebery, Sir Ed. Grey, Sir William Harcourt, and hia own powerful party, disdained to go cap in hand to RusBia for a settlement of Chinese affairs. He acted like a true Cecil, who said, 'with the people's aid, we will mako England great.' Tho British Premier tries first to win the affection of Prance by giving way on the Niger and in Southern Chma. Then he has Btriven to win the alliance of the rest less nephew of his Queen-Empress. An Anglo JapaneBe alliance is a foregone conclusion if Japan annexes Corea. Then the yoice from the West came over the Atlantic of its own accord, and strik ing the shores and hills of mother England, the cradle of itB race, resounded o'er all the boundless plains the race desire to forget 'an ancient wroncr.' proclaiming the long wished for al liance of Anglo-Saxondom. The alliance per se with Germany and the United States fell npon Europe like a lost chord, and being tuned at last, sent European diplomacy into 'everlasting 8mash.' Italy is too weak and too disturbed to take an active part in these fresh war rumours, and she will try to keep neutral, or if not, she iB bonnd to ally herself with England. The capture of Khartoum and tho Sirdar's action by sending 1500 Soudan Egyptian troops, with a battery of 15-pounder artillery and a maxim gun detachment to Fashoda, with orders to defeat all aggressors, even the supposed Menelik- Bouehsmp expedition, haa disclosed the hands of both France and Russia. What with England putting her foot down in the affairs of China 'and Central Africa, the Palais Royale and Quai de Orsay havo gone upon the war path, and if tho cablegrama are a real reflex of public opinion in Paria, the mobiles and reserviats of Sfr. Cloud and Montmartin mean to go for England bald- headed. When the Frenchman's patriotic heart ' ia big' like that of a child, ' a little sets it off,' in the style of ' il Londres' and ' a, Berlin.' The commouBenae of France deploreB a war with England, but republican government is so corrupt and rotten to the core, aud the Generals so full of Casarism and Napoleoniam since the Dreyfus affair that the rifles and Melinite shells may go off, like French hearts, at any moment.. Nnpoleon III. could not keep back France in 1870, nor will President Faure be able to do so if once some popular opera actress but sings the demoniac ' Come, children of our country, come 1' in the boulevards. Then the cry of ' k Londres,' ' Wipe out Trafalgar,' and ' Avenge Waterloo,' will shake France from frontier to frontier. Tho visit of the new and unprincipled Bismarck in the person of Mouravieff — he who haa juBt visited PariB in secret, and the same Count who put peaceful disarmament into the brain of the young Czar, had an ill-omened sound. Ho sooner does he leave PariB than the French fleets are' mobilised under tho pretence, of M. Lookroy's naval reform schemes. Franoa .pro tests, like a Cassandra I hope, against the Union Jack flying at Fashoda ; that French naval and military combined manoeuvres a la Santiago are announced just in that part of France moBt suit able for concentrating to invade England; and that Russia, despite the Czar's peace circular, ' will support France in any action relative to Fashoda, in full view of the solidarity of their inter ests in Africa.' This is tall talk on tbe part of Moscow and Neva official editors. But in the most calm, dignified, and solf reliant ShakBperian way, the British answer to all this French fanfaronading and Muscovite brag is — ' Come on, both of you.' John Bull, I don't think, will be so terrified as to take off his coat or roll np hiB sleeves at the dangers of such threats. He ha8 now got well trained againat Buch continental war blasts since 1873. There was a limit to his good nature. When he felt himself and colonies imposed upon and in danger, be ' put his foot down,' aB stated by the Times and Standard, Lord Salisbury, Earl Rosebery, Mr. Balfour, Mr- Chamberlain, and Sir M. Hicks- Beach. It is a good thing to know that both our army and navy are ' ready for any eventuality.' Our navy iB ready beyond a doubt for any three navies of Europe, but I think we will only have to diepose of in Nelson or Dewey fashion the fleets — the strong, numerous, and powerful fleets of France and Russia. They will take a lot of fighting and defeat before they are ' lost on the ocean main.' Wo must not despise our enemy at sea nor upon land. Should the struggle break out it will be a dreadful one, as far reaching and effective, with the sanguine result aB set forth in Mr. Tracey's Final Wai. But what are the colonies doing to back up old Englnnd?- Simply nothing. Mr. Reid and the other Premiers will play the part of Micawbers 'to see what will turn up' when it is too lute. It is no use for the military mind or any one deeply versed in the foreign policy of the empire to write, hint, or forewarn these Right Honourable doctors and gentlemen. They all know better than any body elue. If a journalist tries to do so they sit upon him like the Carters of Melbourne, the Reids upon the S. M. Herald, or — or— or the Neilds upon the Mercury ! So long aa the firBt business of a Premier or a Leader of the Opposition ia to go in for grandmotherly legislation and at once design how to catch the most votes at the noxt election, federation and federal 'defence may go to Jericho. They and their blind voting machines are content to open their mouths and shut their eyes see what Reid, Want, Lyne or Barton — yes Bar ton, too — will send theuo. One does not see them identifying themselves with anything patriotic — federation is more party than patriotic— endorsing the work of the London Naov T,»n,n.(. and object has Baved tho empire, toasting the Queen the Army or Navy at banquets, taking part in Trafiilgar or Watorloo day; but they are found making foolish speeches about Mr. Gosohen putting his hand into tho Australian purse, the federation of sentiment only, mean iubikhb spouting at Australian Native Unions, and winding up with, ' I believe tho day is not fai' distant when we shall be a nation by ourselves.' T hey don't add like lhe United Stales. If the Houae was filled by Sleaths, Spences, Perrys, Hughes O'Snllivana, Cricks, Griffiths, and Fergusons' the chances are they would add ' like the United Statea/' which, however, are drawing ' nearer and dearer' to^England every day. If war breaks out, which I hope not for tho sake of France, the united colonies should consider it their duty to send home £2,000,000 at once to the Imperial Exchequer, for the final and crushing event, to save Australia or any colony from invasion or capture may take place off Gibraltar, tho Cape, Aden, as well as off Hong Kong, Thursday Island, Auckland Sydney, or Hobart. Tho War Council and Board of Admiralty in London, in war time, will be the best judges. As tho beat blood and money of Great Britain was spent in the Soudan and Indian frontiera to save tho empire, the best money and blood of tho Cape, Canada, and Australia should, and no doubt, will bo Bpent to' defend the greatest and grandest empire recorded in all history Deapite .the kind assurances of tho French Consul in tho S. M. Herald the political state of Europe is alarming, And has been so for many years. Tho relations betweon France and England are strained and the former restless country iB onco more pro voking Great Britain to war, although we have knuckled down to hec in many things of late ? on ' the Congo, Niffer, Mekong, South China, and on the Upper Nile if we would bo ao silly. Never in history has the right aim of tho United Kingdom been afraid of France when Bhe really wanted to fight. The British Empire is not afruid of her now. It is a lwayB open to ainolto the pipe of nnnnn with t.hn pullant sonB of France, but if she ' wants to fight' upon trumpery or important grounds let her say bo. I get monthly statements of tho relative or comparative strength of- tho naval powers of Europe, and M. Biard do Aunet is per fectly right when ho says that M. Lochrov in July last had resolved to strengthen both the Northern and Levantine fleets by increasing them with more battleships and cruisers in an up to date stylo. For what ? To Buit an invasion of Englund and to cope ? with the British fleets of Admiral Sir John Hopkins in tho Levant, or Sir H. T. StephenBon in the channel. But the worthy French Consul-General, nor the Russian Consul in Sydney, must Book through the Press to disabuse tho colonial mind with regard to the real intentions of Franco and Russia iirminnt England. Wo eXDected theso hos tile countries to strike the first blow long ago, and Australians aro not likely to bo put oil thoir guard in these days of sham peace conventions and treacherous advice of disarmament. Wheu we read the letters and private life of tho two or triple-faced Bismarck. Wo are prepared^ to receive his ghost m MoUravieff. It is a fine thing to make his sovereign preach peace, whilst he at the same time visits Paris to urge on a war with England ovor Fashoda, assisted by the ships, guns and troops of Russia. Dr. Busch — Bismarok'a Boswoll — tella us not to trust European Btateamen. Nothing will mako them honeat statesmen but tho powerful blows of England and her allies. I have just taken down the oleo graph of Bismarck from tho wall, and the German Club can have it for nothing, if they toast our Queen and the donor '. I write thiB to arouse apathetic Australia. But in tho meantime, no matter how suddenly war cornea, the Royal Navy, with their true eyes behind the guns, will give a good account of the combined fleet. But to meet the unexpected in war, it is wise to be ready in the colonies. 