THE STORY-TELLER. A CAMP FIRE STORY.*" • By V. P. Fossati.] ? cun^as to notc bow olten the most teifial incidents and common-place occur em.es wiil awaken, quicken into life as it were, scenes and experiences appertaining to some early audtiali-iorgoUeu epoch of . J-t I1'3® but the other day that whilst leisurely taking a stroll on the beacn my attention was attracted by some brjgiit object glistening in the sand helorp me. 1 stooped, piehed it up, and louiul it to he a large buckle, to wliien was attached a strap. Jo ail appearances it seemed to have beeu designed and used as a waistband, probably tne uroperhv of some horne t} trainer or jockey, a class of people who A knew frequently exercised their homes on that portion ot the beach, the fand was small, and the strap a com mon one, but yet it straugeiy moved me, tor it broughlj back to my memory the recollection of days long since vanished, and particularly of an event which subse quently ended as sadly as it was amusing at the time. Many yearn ago, whilst still in pursuit . cof.ouial experience," 1 was one of a party ot drovers travelling with a mob of hjueonsiaud eattiie. Wo were but in the second week of our journey, and the cattle were still exceedingly turbulent, and taxing all our vigilance and care to Keep them together and prevent tliier hiealung camp at night, a practice par ticularly m iavour with those aiiimuls, i. which they availed themselves with astonishing alacrity at every pos sible opportunity. It is the custom to surround the ieagnered herd at night with bright burning beacons, ranged, say a dozen or so yards from one another,-which the patrolling stockman on his round re plenisnes. However, notwithstanding this precaution every man excepting the cook has to be in constant readiness lor any! emergency, and the horses also are kept saddled. One night, and it was a par ticularly unpleasant one, at least from a drover s poitib oi view, we were camped in tue unost of a clearing in a large and rather dense forest, 'ine sky was draped in black clouds, which bite so many phan toms passed and repassed beueativ the gaze of a yet youthlui moon, who occasionally sent her pale beams through the oranchcs ot the forest trees, illumin ating Use scene in a weird ana spectral way. The wind was liowiuig, and the timber ached and groaned beneath the jury of the blast. The cattle, too, not in considerably enhanced the effect ot the hour by melancholy and long-drawn bel iowings, which blended in pcrfeeti unison with the howling tempest. it was about U o'clock when I, glad that my_ watch was over, approached our camp, which was situated a little way in the forest, and grouped around its fire J. beheld my companions smoking, chatting, and drinking tea. Two were playing euchre, whilst uuother—"Long Jack ' was prepar ing to resume the duty which J hail so lately quitted. As he tightened the yjrth of bis saddle he muttered something about, a uog s life," whilst he good-naturedly parried our rallies on his uucnvianJe pro spect of a two hours' watch in such a ni,dit. \Vith o sonorous laugh at a rather pointed remark of Ned, 1,1m head drover; ho rode oil. and was soon iost to sight in the black shadows around us. 'J lie night being stormy, and the eai.tie unruly, we lingered around the fire a jitiJe longer than usual, while Moloney who was the oldest among us, regaled us with some personal remini scences of the J'laneo-J'riis.sian war, for lie vvas an old warrior, and had seen some rare fighting in bis time. He was j: ifTelling us of that memorable event whore, during a hand-to-hand skirmish, he lost one hair of his ear by an over-zealous antagonist, who was evidently on the look-out for some trophy, when suddenly we were startled by a shriek, or rather yell, which went through our very marrow, and while vre were still looking at one another in sheer amazement there came another and yet another one more terrifying than the pre ceding one in rapid secession. I:y now we were thoroughly alarmed, hot knew not what; to do. Then upon our errs came the noise of cracking underwood, and tne rapid clatter of a galloping horse. Soon afterwards there came Hong .lack careering as if all the Furies wore on his trail. .Clever shall I forget his terror-stricken countenance, and tin; unspeakable horror in bis wildly g!aung eyes. His hair, not meta phorically, but actually stow) on end. Hat lie had none, and as be thus sat, for tlie noise on rear]ling ramp pulled itself up, in .the pale moonshine, which then glim mered. through the bushes augmented by the red glare of our fire, he xiroseuted a spectacle so ghastly that it indented itself on my mind with a precision and firmness that even now, after the lapse of marry years, the whole scene is as fresh and vivid before me as if it were but an imprint of yesterday. We at once surrounded him, and anxiously enquired what was the matter. One, more sagacious, than the vat, asked bim jf be bad seen Old Nick. Jack slowly turned bis eyes in the direction of the speaker, opened his month as if be were going to speak, sighed, and fell iwk wards in a dead swoon. We lifted iiim off tlie saddle, arid gently rested him on the ground. Malone.v, the ex- soldier, more used, perhaps, to such casualties than the rest of us. produced, with a laudable pre sence of mind, and with no less generosity, a little bottle of whisky from Romewhere in his coat, by moans of which he soon got the patient round. Ned asked him how it was he bad whisky about him, for it is unusual, when the nearest "pub." was a good sixty miles ofF, for a drover to have spirits in his possession, adding that if he had known of it he would have "borrowed a drop." Upon which Maloney marie repiy, "Well, you see, Ross, I myself am subject to these 'ere fits, that's why I carries it, and whenever T feels dry-like I just take a nip—prevention is better than cure, yon know." Meanwhile the whisky did its work, and restored our man to consciousness. His first words were, "fn it; gone'" /'Gone? Who? Whet?" were the simultaneous "onnter-qneries. "The Ghost," came back in feeble accents. "What, man! you don't mean t.o say you have seen a ghost," the indignant Majriney erred. "Here, give us that whisky, as he saw his late natient help ing himself to another nip. Then he burst out laughing, in which we all heartily joined. However, Long Jack did not see anything to laugh at, but stuck to his de claration that he. had seen a ghost. Upon the suggestion of Ned we decided to go and have a look at the sublunary visitor of the valley of mrn, the unexpected srfmt of -whom so disturbed our worthy friend, that is, provided he did not think proper to evanesce into the realms whence he came without waiting our mn*s meet ing to do him honour. It was with the greatest difficulty, and upon exhaustive persuasion, that we at last prevailed unon our nan to conduct us to the scene of' his late Mirror. However, at last he did so, taking nevertheless, great care not. to ven ture J'oixi cur midst. We mounted cur horses and soon reached the spot indicated, but no ghost, nor even %be, shadow of one, presented itself to us. However, one of us, who f was slightly ahead of the rest, suddenly pulled up with a jerk, ejaculating at the same time sotto voce something about "a dam," We were quickly at bis side, ex cepting Long Jack, who, less curious than we, thought best to make with ail speed for camp, and to relieve, his feelings with an occasional yell as he bounded through the "forest. Meanwhile we bad followed with our eyes the direction of the extended arm of t'he "alarmist," and there, gleaming from the black shadows ahead and relieved by something white, we beheld two fiery, luminous eyes, or rather coals, looking at us, making us feel rather creepy for the moment, but not for long. We advanced a few steps, aud then a loud chorus of laugh ter reverberated through the timber. Be fore us was a white-faced bullock, stricken by pleuro, and evidently in his dying ago nies, which accounted for the phosphoric light in his eyes. We returned to camp in high spirits, thinking it a good joke; hut on arriving there no Jack was to be seen, and, as he did not teturn after some waiting or an swer our 'cooees," we thought something must be amiss with him, and so we wont out once more in search. After some time we found him dead, with his head frac tured- Ifis horse was standing beside him. It appears that in his precipitate flight be must have come in violent contact with some overhanging branch. On an impro-, vised litter we bore him to our camp, Mid in the morning buried him iii the shade of the very tree which was instrumental in causing bis death. He was my tent companion, and wore a strap exactly like the one I found 011 the beach. Peace rest his soul. 