OUR RflELBQURNE LETTER.:/-' (FROM OUlt CORRESPONDENT.) It must be very pleasing to the flock of his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne to read of the enthusiastic reception the Most Rev. prelate is meeting -with in Ireland. The home papers contain glowing accounts of this ' lionizing' of hia Grace by prelates, priests, and people. The Sisters of Charity, who have charge of St. Vincent's Hospital, are taking steps to hold a monster Fair in the Exhibition Building during Easter week, 1899, in aid of the proposed new hospital. Already many subctantial promises of support have poured in to the Mother Rectress. Subscriptions to the building fund have now reached close on £3000. Some little time ago a suggestion was made that the members of the Confraternity of the Brown Scapular should give their mite towards liquidating a debt of £11,000 on the Carmelite Mission, Port Melbourne. The idea has now assumed a tangible form and money ib flowing in freely. A remarkable evidence of the power of the pater nal instinct occurred last week during the run of the Sydney to Melbourne express. A little child fell out of a carriage, and the father got out of the win dow and disconnected the Westinghouse brake, thus causing a cumber of carriages to come to a standstill. This caused the engine to break away from the train. Meanwhile, the brave man got possession of his little one, who had a miraculous escape. The engine backed to the deserted train, and the journey was resumed to Melbourne. The Kedemptorist Fathers opened a month's Mission at St. Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday, at 3 o'clock. The first week is for children, and the remaining three for the general congregation. The Right Rev. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, ?who is now on a visit to Europe, is expected to re turn to the colony early next month, bringing with him a number of clergy and members of the Chris tian Brotherhood for his diocese. Mr. Fincharn, of Melbourne, is engaged in making improvements to the organ at the Cathedral, at a cost of £350 ; and a special recital is to take place on the return of the Bishop. What is known as the ' Bendigo Ghost' — not the Kiama Ghost — has for the past week acted as a real scare amongst womanfolk of Quartzopolis. Friday's Age says : — ' To-night, between 7 and 8 o'clock, the ' ghost' made another appearance, this time at the inter section of Frederick and Valentine Streets, at the rear of the Benevolent Asylum. The locality is a quiet one, and well suited for any mischievous pranks. At the hour named, Miss Skilbeck, who resides with her parents at the Red Hill, about a toile from the asylum, left home to visit a friend in Barnard-street, and when near the residence of Mr. Johnson, she was startled by the appearance of a form in white, waving its arms up and down. Miss Skilbeck, bearing in mind the statements about a ? ghost' haunting the neighbourhood, was carrying in her hand a stone, which she threw at the ' ghost' and hit it. The ' ghost' sprang at her, struck her in the face and knocked her down. Her screams brought Mr. Johnson and his son to the scene, and they saw a form in white running away in a nor therly direction. The son pursued it, while the father carried Miss Skilbeck into the house. She was bleeding profusely from the mouth, and was in a fainting condition. At 11 o'clock she had some what recovered, but she was in a dazed condition. Young Mr. Johnson followed the { ghost,' and saw it jump over the fence around a house occupied by Mr, Trant, where it disappeared. Constable Owen was informed of the occurrence, and, in company with Messrs. Trant and Johnson, searched in the garden, and where the form Avas seen to go over the fence footprints were observable on the grass.' The following members of the University Senate have formed themselves into a committee, and in tend shortly to call a meeting of the subscribers to the fund for memorial portrait of the late Chancel lor of the University (Sir Anthony Colin Brownless, M.D.). The portrait is to occupy a place of honour in the Wilson Hall. The provisional committee consists of the Chancellor (Sir John Madden), the Vice- Chancellor (Sir Henry Wrixon), the Warden (Dr. T. P. M'Inerney), the President of the Profes sorial Board (Dr. E. E. Morris), and the Dean of the Faculty of Medicine (Dr. Allen, hon. treasurer). It may be added that there was not a more popular head of the University than the late Dr. Brownless, who was also an exemplary Catholic, The proposed fever hospital for Srictoria, for which project the public subscribed £20,000, is about to take tangible shape. The Board of Health re commend that 30 acres be set apart in the grounds of the Yarra Bend Asylum. Our popular Mayor (Councillor M'Eacharn) is bringing pressure to bear in order that the work may not be further delayed. It would seem that the scope of the Factories Act sadly needs extending judging from statements recently made, and which, so far, have not been called in question. Butchers work 63 hours a week for 25s ; Marble- workers, 18s a week. The secretary of the Pastrycooks' Union stated :— In one shop he knew of, a beast would be killed, and the employes had fresh beef for a fortnight. (Laughter.) The other half was put in pickle. On the Monday or Tuesday they had corned beef. It would be stewed up for tea, and they would meet it again next morning at breakfast. (Laughter.) That afternoon they would have corned beef roasted. (Loud Laughter.) Next day they would have corned beef baked. (Loud laughter.) He had helped to bake it. (Laughter.) (A Voice: ' They don't give you roast beef and kerosene like we get.' Laughter. Another Voice : 'Oh, that's a luxury.' Laughter.) They had cold baked corned beef for tea that day, and next moring it was hashed up for breakfast. (Laughter.) He had had some of it. (Laughter.) They never called it corned beef now — they always alluded to redgum blocks. (Loud laughter and cheers.) Some men in his trade worked 70 to 80 hours a week for 13s Gd. A ripe of Is Gd per week was refused, on the ground of expense. (' Shame ' and laughter.) There is a plethora of Catholic amusements just now in and around the city. On Thursday, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly (Mr. F. C. Mason, M.L.A.) opened a Spring Carnival at the new Catholic Hall, South Melbourne. The ladies in charge of the various stalls appeared to the best advantage, andabrisk'business succeeded the custom ary speechmaking. The Rev. Dr. Griieber, P.P., ia hopeful of a good round sum being realized in liquidation of the parish debt. The same evening the Irish National Foresters gave a charitable per formance at Carlton, which proved a gratifying success, financially and otherwise. On Monday night the Rev. G. A. Robinson, B.A., redelivered his lecture on 'The Sunny Land of Spain ' in the Prahran Town Hull, in aid of the South Yarra Catholic School. There was a good attendance, and the effort of the rev. gentleman was much appreciated. A Celtic Ball, organized by the Ladies' Branch of the '98 Centenary, came off on the same night at the Hibernian Hall. There was a splendid gathering, and, as a result, a aubstantial sum will accrue to the '98 movement in the mother colony. By the way, Melbourne is doing its fair share in this patriotic movement, several hundreds of pounds having been already transmitted to the Sydney Central Commit tee presided over by Dr. MacCarthy. The Hon. Nicholas Fitzgerald, K.S.G., M.L.C., ia to open a big Fair at the Prahran Town Hall on the 8th September, in aid of the Presentation Con ventj Windsor. * ? ' ? ' ? ~ ? , , M I -, ? ..^-^y.,^,,,^, ? ? , ? ,|| ? |1 ? l'|| 