PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11. 4.30. The PRESIDENT took the Chair. PAPERS. The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid on the table, in accordance with a motion by Mr. Parsons, a return of the land sales on the Eastern goldfields, and the amounts paid by the Government to various local bodies there. Mr. Randell also presented the Woods and Forests annual report for 1897-8, the by-laws of the Helena Vale, Fremantle, and Kalgoorlie municipalities, the amended telephone regulations of October 4, 1888, and the report of the Registrar of Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks, 1897. NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr. MATHESON gave notice of his intention to move at the next sitting that the report of the select committee of the Legislative Assembly on the Metropolitan Water Works Board be laid on the table. Mr. PARSONS gave notice of his intention to move at the next sitting that a return be laid on the table showing (1) the estimated number of the men employed as wage-earners upon the gold-mining leases of the Eastern goldfields, and (2) the estimated number of men working alluvial on the said fields. ADMINISTRATION OF THE BANKRUPTCY ACT A QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE. Mr. R. S. HAYNES said that before the business of the House was proceeded with he desired to bring under the notice of the Chamber an article dealing with a select committee appointed by the House. The article appeared in Monday's issue of the Goldfields Morning Chronicle, a paper which was in liquidation. The report read as follows :-" Mr. Wainscot and the Select Committee He refuses to give evidence. Perth, October 9. - Mr. H. Wainscot, the late Senior Official Receiver, went before the parliamentary select committee inquiring into the affairs of the Bankruptcy Department on Saturday, and amongst the questions, asked was one in respect to his dealings with the property of the W.A. Goldfields Courier Company in liquidation. As a matter of principle and it being outside his late official department, he took the stand which he did in the first place with the Auditor General, viz., that inasmuch as it was not within his late department, he respectfully declined to answer at the same time he offered that he would get a creditor to make a thorough investigation into the matter, and the committee would be at liberty to call him and question him upon it. The offer was refused by the committee, two members of which urged Mr. Wainscot to disclose, but he remained as firm as a rock, stating that he was ready to abide by the consequences. The committee stated that they would report to both Houses the refusal of Mr. Wain- scot, at the same time intimating their powers for contempt. That did not even shake Mr. Wainscot s resolution, who con- tends that if the committee can go outside his late Department where is the inquiry to stop. Parliament, he avers, has no right to order an inquiry into his private affairs, and the resolution of the House is therefore absolutely bad. The matter is exciting much interest in Perth." Mr. Haynes said that the article was a breach of Standing Order No. 326. It was unnecessary for him to say who gave the information. He could only form the opinion that it must be Mr. Wainscot himself. The standing orders must be respected. If it should turn out that Mr. Wainscot had published the report, it would be a very serious matter indeed. He (Mr. Haynes) asked that the matter be taken into consideration on the following day. The PRESIDENT said that Standing Order 137 also dealt with the question. It provided that if any member complained of a breach of privilege he must produce the paper, give the name of the printer and publisher, and declare the person guilty of contempt. The hon. member had asked that the matter be dealt with on the following day. Mr. R. S. HAYNES said that the article was grossly improper, though highly absurd. LEAVE OF ABSENCE MATTER. The COLONIAL SECRETARY had given notice of his intention to move that leave of absence be granted to Mr. Burges for a week, on the ground of urgent private business ; but as the hon. member was now present, he said that there was no occasion for the motion. The PRESIDENT pointed out that no member had the right to absent himself for more than a fortnight without leave. Mr. Burges had been away a month. Mr. BURGES apologised for infringing the rules. He said that he had come down to Perth last week, but the House had adjourned. BILLS PASSED. The Public Health Bill and Companies Act Amendment Bill were read a third time and passed. It was ordered that the latter BUT be sent on to the Legislative Assembly with a message asking concurrence. COOLGARDIE GOLDFIELDS WATER SUPPLY CONSTRUCTION BILL. In Committee : Mr. STONE moved the insertion of the following in lieu of clause 8 is' Full compensation shall be paid to any person who suffers any damage by reason of any act or things done in pursuance of this Act, and such compensation shall be assessed by a judge of the Supreme Court, sitting with a jury of two assessors, to be appointed by such judge." He said that under clause 8 the mode of obtaining compensation was rather extraordinary. He did not think such a proposal had ever been made before as to submit claims to a select committee of both Houses, with the proviso that the decision of the committee had to be approved of by Parliament. Mr. R. S. HAYNES agreed with the spirit of the motion, but considered that the assessors should be three judges of the Supreme Court without a jury. He moved an amendment to that effect. The PRESIDENT said the first thing to decide was whether clause 8 was to stand as printed. Mr. HACKETT pointed out that there might be a majority against each of the alternatives. If these alternatives were disposed of, there might be a majority in favour of the clause as it stood. The PRESIDENT agreed with Mr. Hackett, but thought that the clause might be re-inserted on recommittal. Mr. LOTON opposed the clause. He considered that the proper place to decide questions of riparian rights was in the Supreme Court. He favoured Mr. Haynes's amendment. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said the clause only referred to this special work, and would not affect anything in the future. Mr. R. S. HAYNES: It is directed against one man. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said that he was prepared to take a good deal of the responsibility of establishing the tribunal. It was merely a question of interfering with the flow of water where it had hitherto flowed. Mr. CROWDER: Is that not riparian rights The COLONIAL SECRETARY said that the term riparian rights, strictly understood, referred to navigable water. It was not necessary to call into requisition the knowledge of judges j all that was required was practical knowledge and common sense on the part of the members compos- ing the tribunal. The Court would only be appealed to when the matter would be settled by agreement. The tribunal suggested by Mr. Stone was capable of being approached. The judges of our Supreme Court were above suspicion, but they were not practical men. If hon. members were competent to represent the interests of their constituents they were surely competent to deal with a matter of this kind. The fact that the decision of the Select Committee had to be approved of by Parliament was a safeguard. The Government had no desire to overreach anyone. ' Mr. CROWDER: What are they frightened of, then? 1 The COLONEL SECRETARY-. We are frightened of nothing. There was a choice of three tribunals and the Government have selected the one which they thought the best. There were good and sufficient grounds for departing from the usual course in this particular case. Mr. Randell, continuing, mentioned that the exorbitant sum of £1,000 had been awarded for a block of land in Perth which was worth at the outside £1,000. That, he said, had prevailed under arbitration. Mr. PARSONS opposed the clause, which he said proposed retrospective legislation. Mr. KIDSON said that the Colonial Secretary had made use of the most extraordinary arguments in favour of ousting the jurisdiction of the ordinary courts. What did he mean by saying that the matter should not go to the Supreme Court, as it was a matter for common sense? (Laughter.) The COLONIAL SECRETARY: The hon member only quotes portion of what I said. I used the words " practical knowledge and common sense," as opposed to the technical knowledge of law possessed by members of the Supreme Court. Mr. KIDSON supported the amendment moved by Mr. Haynes. Mr. STONE then withdrew his amendment. Mr. MATHESON said that he had great sympathy with the Government, as there was no doubt that time after time the country had been outrageously robbed. (Hear, hear.) Still he considered that the tribunal proposed in clause 8 was impracticable, and it would be best to take claims for compensation to the highest possible tribunal. He therefore supported Mr. Haynes' amendment. The question that the clause stand part of the Bill was lost on a division by 16 to 3 DIVISION LIST. Ayes (3). Jibes (16). Mr. Randell Mr. Burges McKay Jenkins Congdon (teller). Dempster Matheson Richardson Kidson R. S. Haynes Saunders Loton Parsons Hackett Briggs Piesse McLarty Crowder Stone (teller). Majority against the clause, 13. On the motion of the COLONIAL SECRETARY progress was reported and leave obtained to sit again on the following day. WINES, BEER, AND SPIRIT SALE ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The PRESIDENT announced the receipt of a message from the Legislative Assembly, stating that the amendments made by the Council in the Wines, Beer, and Spirit Sale Act Amendment Bill had been disagreed with. On the motion of Mr. R. S. HAYNES, it was decided that the message be taken into consideration on the following day. EARLY CLOSING BILL. The PRESIDENT announced the receipt of a message from the Legislative Assembly, stating that the Bill to limit the hours of labour in shops had been passed, subject to amendment. On the motion of Mr. KIDSON, it was decided that the message be made an order of the day for the following day. LAND BILL. On the motion of the COLONIAL SECRETARY, the Land Bill, received from the Legislative Assembly, was read a arab time, and the second reading was made an order of the day for the following day. STREETS CLOSING BILL. On the motion of Mr. KIDSON, the Bill to authorise the closing of portions of South-terrace and Market-street, Fremantle, received from the Legislative Assembly, was read a first time, and the second reading was made an order of the day for Wednesday. WORKMEN'S WAGES BILL. The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved the second reading of the Workmen's Wages Bill, and briefly explained the Mr. MATHESON did not consider that the new Bill was an improvement on the old one as regarded the working man. As, however, the Bill had passed another place, where the workmen's interests were supposed to be looked after more closely than elsewhere, it was to be presumed that it would work satisfactorily, though be much doubted it. The motion was carried. The Bill was carried through committee, and the third reading was made an order of the day for the following day. PUBLIC EDUCATION BILL. In committee (consideration of Legislative Assembly's message Mr. HACKETT moved that the Council insist on its amendment No. 2, striking out the words, on the recommendation of the Minister," from clause 11. He said there was no such thing known in the constitution as appointment by the Governor on the recommendation of a single Minister The Council struck out the words in order to make the clause constitutional, and it was reinforced by the Assembly, not knowing what it was doing. The Ministry advised the Governor as a whole, not singly. The motion was carried. On the motion of the COLONIAL SOCIETY TART, it was resolved to insist on amendment No. 3, dealing with the qualification of the electors. The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved that amendment No. 9 (providing that in all State schools the teaching shall be strictly non-sectarian, and defining secular instruction be insisted upon. This was the crucial question, namely, the imparting of religious instruction in the State schools. The matter had been argued fully, and the Council was not inclined to change its views on the matter, It was decided to insist on amendment No. 14 and the second part of No. 15, Progress was than reported. 6.30. The PRESIDENT left the Chair. 7.30. The PRESIDENT resumed the Chair. PREVENTION OF CRIMES BILL. In committee (consideration of Legislative Assembly's message) On the motion of Mr. STONE the committee decided to agree to the amendments of the Assembly. Progress was then reported. MUNICIPAL INSTITUTIONS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. KIDSON, in moving the second reading of the Municipal Institutions Act Amendment Bill, said that the Bill gave permission to municipalities to expend their funds in constructing private streets and roads. He mentioned that at Fremantle, for instance, private land had been built an and streets provided for yet the municipal council had no power to construct these streets. Once the streets were taken, over by the municipality the owners of the land had no power to re assume possession for their own use. Mr. CONGDON seconded the motion. Mr. STONE said that there was no necessity for the Bill. All that was necessary in a case such as that mentioned by Mr. Kidson was for the owners of the land abutting on the street to vast the street in the council. He moved as an amendment that the Bill be read that day six months. Mr. KAY supported the motion for the second reading. Mr. LOTON said that Mr. "Kidson had admitted that the Bill required amendment. He thought that before it was submitted fuller consideration should have been given. The question that the words proposed to be struck out stand part of the question was carried on a division by 7 to 6. Division-list : Ayes (7). Noes (6). '' Mr Randell Mr. R. S. Haynes Dempster Saunders Congdon Stone McKay Burges Kidson Richardson Loton Piesse (taller). McLarty (teller). A division was taken on the motion that I the Bill be read a second time, the voting being even. Division list : Ayes (6). Noes (6.) Mr. Randell Mr. Richardson McKay Saunders Kidson Stone Congdon Burges Dempster R. S. Haynes McLarty (teller). Piesse (teller). The PRESIDENT, in accordance with Parliamentary usage, voted with the ayes. The consideration of the Bill in Committee was made an order of the day for to-day. ADMINISTRATION OF THE BANKRUPTCY ACT. The time for the bringing up of the report of the Select Committee appointed to inquire into and report on the administration of the Bankruptcy Act by the late Official Receiver was extended until Thursday. c,- The Council adjourned until 4.30 p.m. to-day. TO-DAY'S BUSINESS. ORDERS OF THE DAY. Coolgardie Water Supply Construction Bill Committee progress (new clauses). Workmen's Wages Bill, third reading. Insect Pests Act Amendment Bill, second reading. Municipal Institutions Act Amendment Bill, in Committee. Wines, Beer, and Spirits Sale Amendment Bill, in Committee (con- sideration of Legislative Assembly's mes- sage). Early Closing Bill, in Committee (consideration of Legislative Assembly's message). Land Bill, second reading. Streets Closing Bill, second reading. Agricultural Lands Purchase Act Amend- ment Bill, second reading. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11. 4.30. The SPEAKER took the Chair. PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS. The COLONIAL TREASURER laid on the table a copy of an indenture which it was proposed should be signed by the Government with regard to the agreement made between the Government and Millar's Karri and Jarrah Forests, Limited, some years ago; an addendum to the Woods and Forests Annual Report for 1897-8; and the report of the Registrar of Patents, Designs and Trade Marks for 1897. NEW BILL. The COLONIAL TREASURER gave notice of the introduction, at the next sitting, of a Zoological Gardens BUL QUESTIONS. % Mr. WILSON asked the Colonial Treasurer when it is expected that the new cemetery will be ready, and the necessary arrangements made to close the old The COLONIAL TREASURER replied It is expected that the new cemetery will be ready about the beginning of next year, and as soon as it is the arrangements for closing the old cemetery will be proceeded with. Mr. QUINLAN asked the Colonial Treasurer (1) Whether he is aware that a large amount of land has been taken up in the Goomalling district in the expecta- tion of railway facilities being provided for the settlers ? (2) Whether it is the intention of the Government at an early date to construct such a railway ? (3) If not, whether the Government are prepared to remit the rents of such settlers until such railway facilities have been provided The COLONIAL TREASURER replied. (1) I have been so informed; (2) The Government is unable to do so this year ; (3) The Government regret being unable to do so. GOLDFIELDS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The order of the day for the third reading of the Bill was postponed till the following day. THE ESTIMATES. In the absence of the Chairman of Committees, the Speaker was voted to the Chair. Item-His Excellency the Governor, £1,035. Mr. OLDHAM congratulated the hon. member for Central Murchison on the explicit manner in which he had placed before the House the state of the finances. He could not congratulate the leader of the Government in this respect, because he believed that the hon. member for Central Murchison had thoroughly exposed the absurd ideas which were put forward as an announcement of the financial policy of the Government. The fact that there had been a deficit of .£186,000 at the end of the last financial year was an extremely serious matter. If they could imagine that this result was brought about by circumstances over which the Government had no control, there might have been some excuse, but even then the country could reasonably regret that the affairs of the country had been placed in the hands of persons who showed such an utter want of knowledge of the conditions of the Australian colonies, and had displayed such deplorable ignorance of finance. Was it not, he asked, a fact that if the finances of the country had been properly placed before the House, it would have been impossible for the Government to have pledged the Legislature of the country to the expenditure of the vast amount of money involved in the Coolgardie water supply scheme. Practically all the security of the country had been pledged to the carrying out of this scheme, thus placing all our eggs in one basket, and preventing the carrying out of other important works. The Premier had been compelled to abandon the policy of railway development brought forward in the Governor's speech, and was it not a fact that this abandonment had been necessitated through the Coolgardie water scheme? Why, he asked, had the Government not carried out the aohente when they had the financial world at their feet, and could have borrowed money on their own terms ? . Mr. KINGSMILL. The Opposition blocked them. Mr. OLDHAM denied that this was the case. There was only one way, he contended, of reclaiming the credit of the colony, and this was by a total reversal of the policy of the Government, and this would mean the replacement by other men of the members of the Government. They were starting off with an admitted deficit of £186,000, and the leader of the Opposi- tion had successfully shown the other night that there would be a considerably larger deficit at the and of the year. Following out its usual practice, the Government had credited the colony with half a million of stores, which, he contended, was not a fair and just way of dealing with the finances of the country. This deficit, in spite of the endeavours of the Government to minimise it was creating a feeling of alarm amongst the commercial community. The policy of the Government was a Micawber one-it was a policy in which the Government was waiting for something to turn up. He characterised as disingenuous the argument of the member for Coolgardie that many of the works charged against revenue might have been charged against loan. He took it they ought only charge to loan moneys such works as were reproductive. Mr. MORAN: Railways. Mr. OLDHAM They could not, however, charge such works as this Niagara dam. It would be unfair to charge to loan account, and thus burden posterity with expenditure which was the result of the reckless extravagance of one Department. Moreover, to add to the indebtedness of the colony by the amount of this deficit, or a portion of it, would have the effect, he contended, of seriously impeding the efforts of the colony to borrow in the London market. He blamed the Government for the present state of the finances which had made the recent attempts to raise a loan a howling failure. He was not vilifying the colony. The COLONIAL TREASURER : " Oh, no." (Laughter.) Mr. OLDHAM was not vilifying the colony. He believed in its resources, and in the magnificent position they were achieving by the goldfields. Yet what was the present state of affairs ? They had commercial depression, a deficit in their .'' finances, a decrease in the population '" owing to the excess of departures to the extent of 900 over the arrivals. Those people capitalised at £500 per head meant r a loss of almost half a million of money. Mr. MORGANS : But they are coming back again. Mr. OLDHAM : They never would while the hon. gentlemen opposite occupied to see benches. What they wanted was additional capital, and that could only be AA obtained by additional population, and when would they get that Mr. MORGANS : Not while such pessimistic speeches were made. Mr. OLDHAM : It was no good shutting their eyes, and living in a fool's paradise. What had the Government done to attract people to this colony? Mr. MORGANS : Plenty. Mr. OLDHAM Yes. They sent a gentleman named William Traylen to England to lecture there, and had issued a novel by Trant Chambers, called "The 'if] ! Land of Promise." On the other hand, ~*J [ look what the Government had done to prevent people from coming here The food duties were responsible for keeping away hundreds and thousands of people , Mr. MORGANS : Sixpence per week per head, Mr. OLDHAM said in itself it might not be large, but it caused a monopoly which pressed hardly on the consumer. The Government also did its best to prevent people from exercising those rights of citizens which they had enjoyed elsewhere Till the colony saw a complete reversal of the Government policy it would not regain its prosperity. Mr. MITCHELL remarked that they had just heard another of those walls they were accustomed to from the Opposition. He admitted there was a deficit, and that the finances were in a condition which would need careful handling, but he saw no cause for alarm. He considered that the aboli- tion of the dual title in gold leases would do a great deal to push the colony ahead. When they came to consider the public debt, which was large, they found that of the total amount 23,04 7,261 had been spent on railways, an average of £5,088 per mile. At the present time there were 1,3674 miles of railway open, or one mile for every 125 inhabitants of the colony the largest average per head of any country at the present time. They had the Fremantle harbour works, which gave great facilities for shipping, and had spent a large amount upon reservoirs, public buildings, and other works for the development of the country. Coming to the Estimates, Parliament had now been in session four mouths, and not one item had been passed owing to the extreme capacity for speech possessed by the members on the opposite side. x -? of Mr. MORAN had been disappointed r- ' 6.30 by the decrease in the population. Regarding the finances, he thought it was unfair to burden the present generation with the expenditure on works which, would be handed on to the generations i coming after. He held that not only railways, but public buildings-even a Parliament House or a Supreme Court ought to be chargeable on loan, and therefore in. a degree to posterity. He denied that' population formed the basis of a loan If that were so, India and China ought to be able to borrow larger sums than England, a and yet they knew it was not the case. Other circumstances had to be taken into consideration. He contended that with the exception of the Coolgardie water scheme, the public works policy of the Government was done. The COLONIAL TREASURER For how long ? " Mr. MORAN said for the next five or six years. That being so, it was for them to go in for a social and industrial policy, aiming at populating the railway lines, and the different villages, encouraging local industries, and indeed the time had come when they should be prepared to face the question whether they would be a protectionist or free trade colony. There) were the lands in the Avon Valley and along the railway line through Guildford, Beverley, and Katanning. The time had come when they should see that the men who held these lands should be made to cultivate them or sell them, or else be taxed in respect of them. He should like to see the Government come down to the House next year with its deficit wiped out. If to do this it was found necessary to borrow half a million extra, no one would blame them, because, with one or two exceptions, the whole House was with the Government, and indeed the whole colony, for even those who complained the most at the present time were the most persistent in their application for the expenditure of public money. Those who held the chief stake in the colony were not these who were on the goldfields, because if the fields petered out the people on the fields would leave at once. It was the other Western Australians who held the chief stake, and who would be responsible for the finances of the colony, and these were with the) Government. He recommended to the Government that for the future it should charge all permanent and reproductive i works to loan that it should be con j tented with a revenue of £2,000,000, which was a princely one; and that instead of allowing a deficit to appear next year, it] should borrow the necessary money to wipe it off, for it was inadvisable, to have nil deficit appearing each year. Regarding the retrenchment in the Public Works! Department he did (not think the union, officers had exercised that care they should i have exercised. He knew of cases where! old men had been put off, and saw warm, taken on for the same color. He hoped too, that there would be no further retrenchment. j Mr. VOSPER congratulated the mayor ber for the. Central Murchison at the best exposition he gave of the unfortunate financial position the colony found seats in after seven years unprecedented (costs perity. They had a deficit of nearly £200,000, and a large amount of stone credited, which he did not think were fairs. It depreciated in value, head were note a fair kind of asset. Our sales. of borrowing would be exhausted by our present obligations, and the power ez tax " ation was decreasing, with the decreasing population. There was a probability of a larger deficit in the revenue next year. The COLONIAL TREASURER. Yes us what is the reason. Mr. VOSPER was not sufficient finals ever to do so, but he thought there must be something horribly at fault with the administration of the colony, when it was, landed in such a position after several years of unexampled prosperity. He quite agreed that the colony had resources, but there must he a limit even to the colony power of developing them. The ates aban for Coolgardie had said the Government, could not be blamed if its estimate was, not accurate? What were Governments! for? it was a singular thing that, year by year, when they had a credit balance.] the Colonial Treasurer under-estimated, i his revenue; and new, when they had an deficit, they found the Premier ever estimated the revenue. Yet, on the other hand, the member for Central Murchison., had, year by year, been more accurate in' his estimate. He criticised several other points in the speech of the member for Coolgardie, and differed from him in his view that the water scheme would be the panacea for the ills the fields suffered. Until they had a lower taxation per head, they would not see the colony prosper. Regarding the article in the Times, which the hon. member said had been inspired or prompted by Mr. Bargigli Mr. MORGANS : Through another Mr, VOSPER. If that were so, then Mr. Bargigli had done us a good turn. The Times had merely uttered a friendly warning. Mr. MORGANS : It was presumptuous. Mr. VOSPER thought it was not pre- sumptuous of such a great paper. He did not think that Mr. Bargigli had anything to do with it, but rather that it was a friendly word of caution given to them. He did not wish to make too much of it, but the Leederville municipality had been unable to raise a loan of £7,500 a few days ago, while a couple of years back it would probably have been raised quite easily. This was a sign of the times, and another was the fact that out of a loan of £80,000 for which the Perth municipality went on the market a few days ago, only £47,000 were subscribed. The terms were such that the money could not be borrowed -worth par, and only £26,600 of the, £47,000 spar or slightly above it. There ing £20,600 were below par. (That bad enough, but when they found of the £26,600 £20,000 came from the tmment Savings Bank, it showed that total public subscription was £6r,60O. These were signs of the times, and helped show there must be something radically OHg in the administration of the affairs of the colony. spUr; SOLOMON thought it was the duty of the House to do all it could to help the Colony out of its present condition. He did "I Tltbink the Coolgardie water scheme had I anything to do with the present de- Cure sion. He regretted to hear the result 1 * are city loan, and it showed how different is the position of the colony last year, when Fremantle had been able to raise a loan of £35,000 at 4 per cent and a mind of 2s. 8d At the same time, the session was, in his opinion, only temporary, and though, there might be a deficit at the end of the present year, it would be found that the depression had almost if not entirely gone. -,<L80; The CHAIRMAN left the Chair. '7.86. The CHAIRMAN resumed the Chair. jSMr. WILSON, in referring to the Colonial Treasurer's Budget speech, wished yet to be (dearly understood that he was not at all disheartened with regard to the future of Western Australia. He believed SJjCtbe country and her resources. At the same time, it was open to every member of little House, as well as every commercial pm-B in the community, to criticise the imposition of the Ministry and the administration. of the Forrest Government. He added bean rather struck, while he was listening to the Budget speech of the Premier, with the fact that he (the. Premier) had not that buoyancy of manner which they had been accustomed to-he appeared to have lose confidence in himself. He (Mr. Wilson) would deal with fifth admissions of the Premier. He had stated that in his opinion the Government ||kad¡-spent more than they should have IfdbneU that the estimates of expenditure on railways were far too large for one year ; that the medical vote had increased in a jgfwaynot wholly justifiable; that the vote S.for hospitals had increased in a way that he could not understand; that sitting of the hospitals must be closed if the people would not support gathers; and he had made a very serious charge against some of these hospitals, namely, that they were simply for the pur pose of giving employment to doctors and secretaries, or to get the expenditure of Timoney. Lastly he had admitted that the expenditure on public works had grown (50-ton large, and that it was their duty to S maintain the credit of the colony. They had had the loan fiasco, concerning which they had been warned by financial authorities, and he quoted from the Globe, the Financial Times, and the Economist, Either latter paper having referred to the Coolgardie water scheme as a work that shoulder abandoned They would be acting in a very absurd manner if they persisted in closing their ears to these warnings of the financial authorities in London. and they did not heed them they could hope differ nothing less than disaster. Individuals gi~ in the colony had done their duty, and he di congratulated the commercial men of the ft community upon their: enterprise. They fee had done their best to open up and develop faiths country, and he believed that if they ||âjbad been given greater scope they would planet have had a cloud of depression hanging ifsJAver them now, and which the right hon. IV the Premier said existed. 14 The COLONIAL TREASURER- I do % not think I said as much about it as you Mahaye 'said. If Mr WILSON, quoting the Premier from memory, said he had stated that "for some WZ lame past the commercial community had :jA,baen suffering from a depression." Their as trade had fallen off. It was less than half of what it was 18 months ago. He was not a... whining. 'Sgt The COLONIAL TREASURER: Oh, no' fe Tit. WILSON believed that the commer- early coal community of Western Australia was a "capable of holding its own with any other |y, part of the world. (Hear, hear.) It was quite able to face the depression which Sfjmet them; there must be times to depression, but they were not prepared to" have that position accen A treated by the Government without :p raising their voices against it, and trying to rip put a stop to the speculation in public % money. It appeared to him that they were suffering at the present time from the re- j 'suits of a speculative spirit on the part of the Government. He would go further, go and say that the Forrest Ministry had got farther boom fever two or three years ago that Cliff affected private persons, and had |.. launched out into an extravagant expends picture and wastefulness which had brought [them to their present position. They had is a small population of 170 000, and could S|" not do with less than a revenue of three £, millions. They had carried on the business <S of this colony in a style which would be ex- JJ travagant far a country five times as large Pas Western Australia. He could not help being struck with the challenge that had it been thrown out by the Premier when he is said that no one could gather from his state laments that there was a cloud on the horizon, | for he (Mr. Wilson) felt that in making fl the admissions to which he had referred, W he had shown that there was a cloud. They had spent too much money and had practically exhausted the credit of the colony; they had a deficit of £186,000 an « admitted cessation of the influx of foreign capital, a falling-off in the population, and the number of unemployed, as was evidenced a by the crowds of men whom they saw seeking employment at the gates of the factories of the colony. They were all ft 6 sorry to have to make statements of A J ' ' this sort, and back them up with f arguments, but it was better to thresh issues difficulties out, to look at them from a ; pessimistic as well as an optimistic point of view. The leader of the Opposi- nation had warned the Premier last session 4 of What he might expect, and the hon. Member for Central Murchison had stated that the Government were going the '; straight way to a "buck Wednesday." it They now found that they had reached a -black Wednesday to some extent; that 418 civil servants had been die ' paused with, or would be dispensed ; with- at the end of the year. That was a matter for serious consideration. the right hon. gentleman in his Budget speech took occasion to refer to some statements made by the hon. member for Central Murchison. The Premier remarked that he did not agree with the than member in that they would have a " deficit, because if the revenue did not come up to expectations, they would curtail the expenditure. That proved con- clusively the argument that the right hon. gentleman had been warned as to the result of the course the Government was " following. The Premier had been farther 1 warned by hon. members that the country \-- could not stand the large civil service and the increased burdens which it was being called on to bear, but no notice had been taken of those repeated warnings Instead of cutting down the expenditure, nearly all the revenue that had been re receiveded been expended. The "barrow " and spend" policy of the Government had been continued, and even now the proposed expenditure for the present financial r year amounted to a taxation of about £18 V par head. He contended that the country was not able to stand such excessive taxa- tion as that. No amount of public building and mileage of railways and expenditure on harbours could be considered a good asset unless they had the popula- ban in the country as well. There had been built recently many magnificent public buildings, including the additional wing to the public offices in Perth, the post and telegraph office at Broome, the Republic offices at Geraldton and at Albany, and the post and telegraph office at Guildford. In the case of the latter building a corner Store would have answered the requirements just as well. Then there was the Royal Mint, estimated to cost £15,000, but the cost of which he believed had been nearer £50,000, while the quarters for the Government Astronomer were on much too 1 extensive a scale. Many of the public works which had been erected had been built on too large lines, and unless the population of the colony largely increased they could not be looked upon as a really good asset. In years to come they would be referred to as monuments to the folly and extravagence of the Forrest Ministry. With regard to the deficit of £186,000, he would welcome it if it would prove a check on the extravagance of the Forrest Government. He, however, had no faith in that -result being brought about; and he deplored the fact that there were some £2,650,000 worth of the colony's Treasury ' bills floating about. The COLONIAL TREASURER: That shows now ignorant you are. You ought to know a little about the colony. Mr. WILSON reported that the right hon. gentleman himself referred to the Great Southern Railway having been paid for by Treasury bills. The COLONIAL TREASURER: No. I said the first Treasury bills that were out, current, that would mature in 1899, amounted to £500,000. Mr. WILSON: How many Treasury bills are current at the present moment The COLONIAL TREASURER: One and a half millions. Mr. WILSON : Then you have to redeem one and a half millions in a year or two. The COLONIAL TREASURER: Some in three years. Mr. WILSON: Well, in three years. Then you have, in addition to that, to raise a million to pay for the Coolgardie water scheme pipes, to say nothing of the other works. Then you also have to find the money for your inappropriate one and for your deficit, amounting to on e and a half millions more. TBhs there are four millions of money that you have to raise within the next three years. The COLONIAL TREASURER: Not so much as that. I Mr. WILSON: Well, say 30 years. I think it will be nearer five millions. The COLONIAL TREASURER: We only have one and a half millions of auth- -i - sations altogether, excepting the Treasury bills. Mr. WILSON: Yon cannot get away from the fact that we have to raise four millions of money within the next three years. The COLONIAL TREASURER : I deny that absolutely. You really don't know anything about it. Mr. WILSON, continuing, contended that the inflow of British capital into the goldfields had to a very large extent been curtailed by unsatisfactory mining laws. Capitalists had felt that their tenure was not secure, and that there was a likelihood of their loving their property. He looked to the mining laws to re-establish the confidence of the English investor in the colony, so that they could have British capital once more coming into the colony. The Government ought to encourage private enterprise wherever possible, in order to assist them to open up and develop the country. A public works board also ought to be established, so that when railway proposals came before Parliament they should not be brought forward by the Ministry on their own recommendation alone, and then abandoned, as had been the policy of the present session. It would be a good day for the colony if such a board were appointed, if the pitfalls of the other colonies were avoided. Mr. DOHERTY: Like the Waterworks Board, I expect. Mr. WILSON said it was also a source of regret that the estimate of the increase in the population was not being maintained. As a matter of fact the population had actually decreased last month by as many as it had increased by during the previous quarter. Mr. MORAN : A good job ! Mr. WILSON : It was a bad job. Mr. MORAN: It saved them from starving. Mr. WILSON said this decrease in the population was the most serious matter the House had to face, and if possible, rectify. In his opinion, instead of encouraging thousands of civil servants to flock here to secure employment, the Government should have economically administered the affairs of the country and let other people attend to the speculative business. Then they would not have the enormous taxation of to-day, and they could then have devoted the revenue to the reduction of taxation, making living cheaper. But what had they done? They had spent something like £800,000 out of revenue last 8.30. year on permanent public works He contended that the estimate of revenue for the current year was largely over-stated. The Customs revenue would be £100,000, and possibly a larger sum, less than last year and as the Customs had a direct bearing on the railway revenue, they must expect that the railway revenue would also be below the estimate. The mere the Government wanted to carry on the expensive departments, the mere they estimated to receive. He thought that they would have next year a deficit which would probably exceed half a million. He hoped that the retrenchment would not stop at the rank and file of Government servants, but that the pruning knife would be applied to the higher ranks as well. He would like to see the affairs of the Depart- ments inquired into by select committees of the House. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he was sure that they had all listened with much attention to the hon. member who had just sat down and if his observations might seem to be directed to that hon. gentleman and others who had just spoken, it would be because their speeches were more fresh in his memory. The hon. member had told them a good deal about extravagance. Most of them would agree that it was a very bad thing to be extravagant. But he remembered that some years ago, when they were in the boom times, the hon. member was one of those who led an attack on the Government because they had not provided sufficient rolling stock for the requirements of that time. That necessitated the expenditure of more than a million of money. It necessitated the expenditure of half a million of money without the authority of Parliament, in order to meet the requirements of the colony. The hon. member was one of those blaming the Government because they had not seen far enough ahead (hear, hear) because they had not seen far enough to cope with the extraordinary circumstances of that time. If afterwards the Government had tried to cope with the difficulties which beset them, and had tried to look into the future, it was fortunate that they had, not over- stepped the mark, but it seemed that the hon. member was now on the other side charging them with extravagance. Mr. WILSON: You have gone to the other, extreme now. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that it was claimed that they had over- stepped the mark, but before he sat down he would endeavour to show that they had done nothing of the kind. In making his financial statement he had always desired to give a history of the colony. He had always desired that anyone who took up the speech which he had had the honour of delivering to the House should be able to judge for himself of the position of almost, if not every industry in the colony, of its developments during the past year, and of its prospects in the future. He dealt with the finances, questions relating to the tariff, the developments of the products of the soil, the great gold mining industry, and the debt of the colony, in fact with every single subject that one desired to know about if one wished to become acquainted with the actual position of our affairs. One might expect those who criticised the financial statements to deal with some of the questions, if not with all dealt with by the Treasurer. One might expect that they would refer to the various industries, criticising some and praising others. One might expect that those who took upon themselves to form an Opposi- tion would have something to say with regard to the various industries that went to make up this great colony. He asked hon. members if they had received from the gentlemen opposite anything of the kind. On the contrary, they seemed to have held a brief to try and attack the colony and to say as much as they possibly could within moderate bounds, with regard to the maladministration of the affairs of the colony by the Government, The hon. member for the Canning had told them that the colony was all right. He was very much obliged to the hon. member for that. He hoped that that part of his speech would be printed in large letters, and that some other parts of his speech would be printed in very small letters. He generally found, however, that those parts of a speech by members of the Opposition which reflected on the stability of the country, or on the administration of affairs by the Government, got a great deal more prominence in the Press, not only here, but elsewhere, than those parts which said to the contrary. The hon. ti of H member had told them that there was a depression, in the colony. He (the speaker) I had referred it in the speech which he y "j delivered on August 18. But he did not say, as the hon. member made him say, that there were no clouds upon the horizon. What he said was that he could not distinguish them. He could not see, in looking round about the colony, and looking at its various industries, a black cloud. When he looked at the agricultural, pastoral, and timber industries, and at the great gold-mining industry, he was more than satisfied. He found himself in a difficulty to account for the depression which had been said to exist. He had not heard from the hon. member opposite, the hon. member for Central Murchison, any good, reason for this depression. It was said that it was due to maladministration on the part of the Government (hear, hear) that the Government had brought all this upon the country. He would be able to refer directly to some arguments adduced in favour of that proposition. He only asked from the hon. member, if the Government were to be blamed for this matter, that they should be told in what way. During last year the Government spent three and a quarter millions of money out of the revenue and nearly two millions (that was, £1,900,000) out of loan, making total of over five millions. This was, of course, not all spent in the colony, as some was sent away^orxolling stock and for other things. With this expenditure it was strange, and it required a good deal more care and consideration than the hon. gentleman had given it, to know why last year the revenue was less than that of the year before. During the year ending on June 30, 1897, they only had a million pounds worth of gold exported. The population was smaller, the expenditure was far less and still for that year the revenue of the colony was greater than for the year ending on June 30 1898, in which year the Government, as he had said, had spent over five millions of money. Mr. WILSON : Over-expenditure. The COLONIAL TREASURER: Can the hon. member tell me that the spending of money causes a depression? Mr. WILSON: You cannot make a country prosperous by public expenditure. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he differed from the hon. member. It should be prosperous for the time they were spending the money. He wished to point out that when they were spending a million more out of the revenue than they did the year before, the revenue of the colony was less. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: Well, how do you account for it? The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he would like the hon member to have told him that. But the hon. member preferred to present a statement in which he tried to show, and to his own satisfaction did show, that the Treasurer had always been wrong and that he himself was always right. He forgot to tell them that he always had the Treasurer's Estimates before him to criticise before he formed his own; and this time he had had the advantage of speaking two months after the Budget speech was delivered. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: My figures were written down before your Budget speech was delivered. The COLONEL TREASURER said that he supposed the hon. member would have revised them since. He was glad the hon. member could see so far. It showed how far the hon. member could see into the future. He was sure that no one who had listened to the speeches that evening he would deal directly with those delivered the other evening could have been otherwise than disappointed. There was no fear that anything which the hon. member for North Perth or even the hon. member for the Canning said would be valued in this colony at more than was due to the position those gentlemen occupied in the colony, and to the opinion the people of the colony had of them. They would be taken no doubt, at what they were worth, and everyone would judge for himself. But beyond the limits of this colony what they said would not be taken as being in any way associated with those gentlemen, but as coming from members of Parliament occupying seats on the Opposition side of the House, and the speeches would thus have an exaggerated effect. He would say to those gentlemen who had said so much about the administration of this Government during the last seven or eight years, that something might have been expected from them in the way of generosity with regard to the exertions made by hon. members sitting on the Treasury benches, and also by hon. members sitting on the Government side of the House. He asked them whether, in the speeches they had made that night they had acted altogether fairly, or in any way generously to those who had tried to do their best for the colony, as far as their ability would allow them, during the past seven or eight years. If they were to look back on the colony as it was seven or 'eight years ago, and compare it with the present position, would they not be able to say that whatever the demerits of the those who had had the administration of its affairs, they had at any rate made the colony a very different place to what it had been at that time ? Mr. OLDHAM : Didn't the people do that? Mr. ILLINGWORTH : Did the Government make the country. The COLONIAL TREASURER. Surely the administration of the Government has reflected on the country. Their policy had built railways throughout the country, and had provided water and erected public, buildings all over the colony. Whose policy was that? Had that anything to do with the administration of the Government, or was it due to the people, who had very little to do with guiding the destinies of the colony ? Mr. OLDHAM You pulled 9 through the bicyclist who came the other day, I suppose The COLONIAL TREASURER : If I did not, I showed him the way 20 or 30 years, ago. (Laughter.) The hon. member had, Sir John continued, told them their public buildings were too good, and that they had been too extravagant in building them, although he said they were to last 500 years. His idea was that in a colony in such a position as this, and with great possibilities, and the eyes of the world upon it during the last seven years, it would ill become them to put up paltry buildings (hear, hear-and that when they were about it, having faith in the future, they ought to put up buildings com- mensurate with those possibilities. After all their buildings were not as a rule so good as those of other countries, not better situated, not so well situated some of them, as this country. Seeing they had been able to build them out of current revenue, and they were not charged upon the people of the future, and that the tariff was not greatly altered, he thought they had done well to take advantage of the money they had to make this country more habitable and more convenient to the people who lived in it. If any one wanted to know what the Government and the Par- liament he would even include the hon. members opposite (daughter) had done during the last seven years he would, in the words of Sir Christopher Wren's epitaph in St. Paul's, say, "If you seek a monument, look around." (Hear, hear.) Mr. MITCHELL Well done, Premier! The COLONIAL TREASURER said that his hon. friend, the member for Central Murchison, whom he desired to thank for his generous allusions to himself personally and he might say that taking the hon. member generally he was as a rule of a generous disposition, certainly in dealing with individuals, and by his abstention from personal criticism set an example to them all-still his hon. friend was not, he thought, fair in his criticism of the Colonial Treasurer and the Government. The hon. member told them that all the trouble that had come to the colony was due to their bad administration and bad management. He spoke about the depression, the falling revenue, his own good estimate of the revenue; but the hon. member told them little on the other side. He did not tell them about the gold increase and its possibilities, or wax eloquent about it. No one could have done it better than he did. Why did he not wax eloquent about the future ? Mr. ILLINGWORTH : Because you did it, and it was not necessary. "The COLONIAL TREASURER thought it was necessary, and it would have been corroborative of what he had said. He never said anything about the wool in dustry Mr. ILLINGWORTH : I did. The COLONIAL TREASURER The timber industry' Mr. ILLINGWORTH: I did. The COLONIAL TREASURER: The agricultural and pastoral industry Mr. ILLINGWORTH: I did. You are not fair. _ The COLONIAL TREASURER: He said very little about it, and certainly did not wax eloquent about it. He never said what was the cause of the depression Mr. ILLINGWORTH: I did You have not told us. Will you now The COLONIAL TREASURER would. He (the Colonial Treasurer) had told them it was difficult for him to understand it, and he should like a great financial mind like that of the hon. member to devote himself to that aspect of the affair and tell them why, with a vast expenditure of money last year, the revenue should have fallen below that of the previous year when the revenue was a million less and the gold a million less. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: I told you we were getting to the normal state. % ' * The COLONIAL TREASURER could not see it. _ Mr. ILLINGWORTH: We have given up the champagne drinking, and are getting to the normal condition. The COLONIAL TREASURER.: The hon. member said they were taxed to the extent of £16 per head. -Mr. ILLINGWORTH : I did not. The COLONIAL TREASURER: Well, the hon. member opposite did. He forgot to tell them they spent to the extent of £30 a head at the same time. He only dealt with his side of the question, and not with the other side. If the hon. member aspired to a prominent position as a member of the House he would not find members willing to listen to him and give him the credit he desired unless he looked on both sides of the question. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: You look at one side, and we look at the other. The COLONIAL TREASURER : I look at the right side. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: So do L The COLONIAL TREASURER: The reason why this depression came upon them was the withdrawal or stoppage of the" inflow of foreign capital. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: That is what I 'The COLONIAL TREASURER: Well, if you did I did not hear you. You did not wax eloquent over it. It was because the foreign investor Mr. MORAN: And the Australian in The" COLONIAL TREASURER: The whole lot either stopped the introduction of capital or were not sending it very quickly. There were a good many reasons for it. He agreed with the member for the Canning that their mining laws had something to do with it. It was not the fault of the people or those who had taken a leading part in the politics of the country, so much as it was due to the clamour of the people who thought they knew best about it. The colony had no laws of their own in 1886 to go upon, and had to depend on members opposite, who thought they knew something about it. They also listened too much to those who were suffering from undue prosperity and to a lot of agitators given to riotous behaviour once on the goldfields, who thought they were suffering a real hard- ship. Mr. MORAN : They are still there. The COLONIAL TREASURER : They introduced into their goldfields laws a system which gave no security to capital, and he would like to say to those in the House and out of it, having the whole world for their investment, would they invest their money in this colony if they had no security The reason why so much had been invested to such an extent in the colony since 1895 was that the people who did so did not know the conditions under which they had invested it. Mr. ILLINGWORTH. No connection at all. It was the wild cats. The COLONIAL TREASURER : Would they invest it in a country with that insecurity of tenure, or where it was found that people were rioters, and even the Premier of the colony could not go there without being hustled and maltreated? (Hear, hear.) There was another reason the waiting of members on the other side of the House, which was carried all over the colony, and outside it. Mr. MORGANS The Mayor of Kalgoorlie, for instance, sir. The COLONIAL TREASURER was talking of the members opposite. (Laughter.) He knew they did not wish to injure the colony, in which all their interests lay. They wanted to promote its interests, but seemed to have a desire to attack the Government, and in doing so did not care to what lengths they went. Mr. MORAN : That is politics The COLONIAL TREASURER: It was not good. A gentleman recently returned from London told him the speeches made the beginning of this session did a great deal of harm in England, owing to their pessimistic tone regarding the finances of the colony. Those waiting and pessimistic speeches, and the tracing of the Government and the colony, did the colony a lot of harm, or, if they had not, ought to have done so, because, if he had money to invest and read such speeches as were delivered by the member for the Canning and North Perth, he should have been so far influenced by them as to take time to consider whether it was worth while to invest money in such a country Mr. WILSON . If it will make you more cautious, it will do good. The COLONIAL TREASURER. It will do you a lot of harm in the meantime Mr. WILSON I will chance it. The COLONIAL TREASURER One good thing that had come out of it all was that it had brought them all to their senses. It had brought the agitator to his senses. Better than that the people were coming to their senses and would not listen to them, and you could trust the people when it was brought home to them. They were determined to judge for themselves, and to judge wisely. He joined with his friend the member for Canning in his satisfaction that the Mining Bill had passed the Assembly, and he hoped and believed it would pass in another place. It seemed to him, looking back upon the history of all this trouble, and what they called the dual title, it was absurd and strange that they should have gone so far to destroy security of tenure in their desire to secure to the alluvial diggers their rights and privileges when they could have given them all that was necessary very easily. He was glad to say they too were coming to their senses, and it was gratifying to him to know they had almost a unanimous Assembly in the matter, and the people on the fields were with him. The member for Central Murchison had a good deal to say about the amount per head of their public debt. He was accurate with regard to what their public debt would be when their authorisa- tion was exhausted-about 114 millions but he went on to say he knew it would not be less than 20- years before it was ex- hausted but the hon. member went on to say their indebtedness would be £70 per head. Was that a fair way to put the proposition ? Was it fair-their indebted- ness being Iii millions in 22 years, and their population being 170 000 at the present time to divide 170,000 into what their indebtedness would be The hon. member estimated there would be no increase in their population. He knew their population was made up of something like one-half adult males, all wage earners, who were capable of sustaining a much larger public debt and paying a much larger revenue. The hon. member knew it, but said nothing about it. Mr. ILLINGWORTH. Yes I did. I said our population would rise to 200,003. The COLONIAL TREASURER. But you did not divide 200,000 with the 116 millions ; you divided 170,000. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: I said if it did not rise it would be that. The COLONIAL TREASURER : Is it right to estimate that the population is not going to increase? Mr. CONNOR : No, it is not. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER . Is the population going to stand still ? Mr. ILLINGWORTH: I am afraid it is. The COLONIAL TREASURER . Then why did he not say so The hon. member also forgot to show that their population was half made up of the wage-earning adult males Mr. ILLINGWORTH: I did say so 5 you are not quoting me-accurately. The COLONIAL TREASURER: The hon. member made but a small point of it. If he wished to act fairly by the Government he would have said their population would be equal to 250,000. in proportion to the adult males of the colony, their population, if they had the "j proper number of women and children would be 250,000. His contention was, therefore, that they were better able to twice as well able to bear taxation as any of the colonies, and quite as well able to pay their public debt. This was a very important point in dealing with the financial condition of the colony, that the ability of the people to bear the public debt should be referred to. The hon. member did not wax eloquent in regard to the gold. He 11 did not tell them they were the largest gold-producing colony in Australia. 11 Mr! ILLINGWORTH: I said you were the largest dividend-paying colony. The COLONIAL TREASURER: If he was misquoting the hon. member, he was LI sorry for it. The impression made upon his mind was that the hon. member was counsel engaged for the prosecution, and that he left the defence alone altogether. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: That is not fair. The COLONIAL TREASURER : Well, although the hon. member was generous to him personally, he never heard a more one-sided speech. The hon. member said he had over-estimated the revenue, and be made a great point of it. The hon. member had had two more months in which to form his conclusions Mr. ILLINGWORTH: I have already told you my calculations were made before your Budget speech. The COLONIAL TREASURER: If the hon. member had not taken advantage of these two months, he ought to have done so. He (the Premier) would have done so. As he had said in his Budget speech, he believed it would take them all their time to get the revenue, but he thought there was hope that they would be able to do so. Of course it would have been quite easy for him to have shown a deficit of £186,000 on the current year's accounts, but he had not done so, as he thought he saw signs of returning prosperity, and he knew July was a bad month. It always was, as at the end of the year there was a good deal of scraping to get the revenue into the Treasury chest, and very often the next [ I month suffered in consequence. But the revenue for August was fairly good, and so it was for September, while up to the 10th of this month, that is to say the 10 days of October the revenue was, he thought, £4,000 more than it was for the first ten days of October last year. (Hear, hear.) So that there was hope. They knew they would have a large expenditure for the Coolgardie scheme. Like as the ships of Tarshish of old used to come in laden with merchandise, so they would have ships coming into Fremantle heavy-laden, and' looking at that and the increase in the gold output, he was one of those who were not going to despair of their country, and he took what he thought was a reasonable view of it. If the revenue did not come up to their anticipations, they must reduce the expenditure. It was not easy to do this. The members far the Canning and North Perth, when they had the opportunity, if ever they did, of trying this, would find it was not so easy. If the revenue was less than the estimate, it would be the duty of the Government to try to do its best, and it would try to bring the expenditure within the limits of the revenue. (Hear, hear.) One of the most astounding statements of the member for the Central Murchison was that all the depression was due to the deficit of £186,000. He was sure the hon. member made a mistake, and he ought to withdraw the statement. If the hon. member did not withdraw it, and at once, he would have to say something about it. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : I shall not withdraw it, because I did not say so. The COLONIAL TREASURER heard the hon. member say so; and when he heard him say so, he almost gave up Mr. MORGANS: The ghost. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER . At any rate, all his good opinion of the hon. member seemed to vanish. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: You misunder- stand the whole thing. The COLONIAL TREASURER : No, I do not. I heard you say it. It came to this, that less than one month's revenue of this colony had made all this terrible difference to the people of the colony, more especially when it was spent among them. When they had spent five and a quarter millions during the year in trying to give employment, and carry out their public works scheme, the fact that they had spent £186,000 more than their receipts seemed to have caused this depression, now, the hon. member for Canning seemed to think that the members of the Government, and members on the Government side of the House, had only one object in view, that was, to spend as much money as they could, and get it from whence they could, not caring what the result would be. If he (the Colonial Treasurer) were to apply such a statement to the hon. member for Canning and those who supported him, there would be more, reason in it than there was in applying it to him (the Colonial Treasurer) and those who supported him. Was it likely that they would try to bring discredit on the colony ? Who would suffer? Would they escape scot free The representatives of the old | ] inhabitants of this colony-who, he was glad to say, supported him almost to a man in the House (hear, hear) were they to escape scot free ? Who were' to suffer first? As some one had said during the debate that evening " Other people may come to this colony and may leave it, like rats leaving a sinking ship, but the older people of this colony " (amongst whom he counted himself) intend to live here and die hard." And were they likely to bring discredit or wrong upon the colony ? Were they likely to do anything so foolish as to advocate measures that would bring ruin upon themselves and their friends The idea was absurd. They were trying to do their best in the interests of the colony and in the interests of their friends. To say otherwise was to give them credit for less ordinary common sense than anyone else possessed. It was his friend from East Coolgardie who had said, " We have decided that our interests are here all our wishes and hopes are here and we intend to live all our lives here, whether the colony prospers or not," and so with a great many others. The hon. member for Canning had said a great deal about the deficit, but he could assure that hon. member that a deficit came about very easily. It was very easy not only for the Government, but for private persons to start with a credit balance, and co find themselves on the wrong side of the ledger at the end of the year. They were not the only persons who started at the end of June, 1897, with hopes and aspirations that were not realised at the end of June, 1898. Mr. ILLINGWORTH I am afraid not. The COLONIAL TREASURER But the Government were blamed. They were bad financiers-bad everything because they had spent a little more money than was thought advisable. They had spent less than they expected, but they had got less than they had hoped for. That was the whale bother. If they had received what they had hoped for, they would have had a balance to their credit. Still they had some faith in the revenue producing capabilities of the country, whatever other people might think about it. They knew it was a very bad thing to have a balance sheet showing a deficit, but how much did they carry about it in private life ? If they owed a few thousand pounds to their banker, did it trouble them ? Mr. MORAN. Not a bit. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER: As long as they had assets on the other side, what trouble did it give them ? It did not even disturb their rest. Yet there was all this hullabaloo about £186,000-about | 1 nothing at all. They were assured of their position, and knew that by a little economy | ( and care they would easily get rid of that amount. Really, if there were nothing more to trouble him than that £186,000, he would sleep soundly. What did trouble him was the time when their revenue did not come up to their expectations. That meant that they must curtail their expenditure. But there were other people who were out of their reckoning besides themselves. The hon. member for Canning had had a great deal to say about private enterprise. He seemed to be the advocate in the House of private enterprise and con tractera-everything should, according to him, be given toprirateenterprise; everything let to contractors. But he knew very well what that meant. He (the Colonial Treasurer) was not opposed to private enterprise that would be a foolish idea. But when there was a great, national work to be done and the colony could afford to do it, he believed it was to the interest of the colony to carry it out. Private enterprise meant the expenditure of double the capital ; the value of the work was increased, and the colony had to pay double for it-twice as much as it was worth. The hon. member knew that contractors' work cost more than day work. He did not mean to say that it was advisable to go in for all day work, because it gave much trouble, but it did not involve lawsuits and claims for compensation here there and everywhere. It appeared to be the desire of contractors to do as little as possible and get as much as possible out of the Government. A MEMBER: A jetty blew away the other day. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER, in conclusion, referring to the revenue of the country, said their demands had grown up quickly in this immense territory, which had been inhospitable to a degree, without water, or means of communication, everything having been against them. The gold had been found in parts of the country where it was most difficult to get at it; and they had done their best to make it practicable for people to get it, the result being that the expenditure had been very large. But it had not been large enough for the requirements. They could easily spend another couple of millions a year in the colony, and upon good works, too, for years and years to come. But they must not spend the money unless they had it. His desire was not only to promote everything that would be best for the country and to make it a flourishing country, but to maintain the public credit of the colony. They had great responsibilities no doubt, but they were not greater now than they had been in the past. They had been able to manage the affairs of this colony with a small revenue ; they could surely do it with a large one. He only asked them to have faith in the country, not to deny-as the hon. members for Canning and North Perth had done that anyone had any faith in the colony. If the people said the Government were trying to bring discredit upon the colony they would be quite willing to retire in favour of those on the other side of the House ; but they did not. No one would be more i pleased than he to know that the affairs of the colony were in a prosperous state, but they should have faith in the colony, do the duty that was cast upon them, and try their best to command prosperity. (Cheers.) Mr. Doherty, Mr. Conolly, and Mr. Kenny having spoken, the motion for the adoption of the first item on the Estimates was carried on the voices. Customs, £31,407. Mr. JAMES asked whether provision had been made for the appointment of excise officers for the collection of excise duties, and also for the detection of bad liquor. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that such provision had not been made, because the matter had not been arranged when the Estimates were framed, but this would not prevent the Government carrying out the law, and the Government was arranging the matter now. Item carried. Harbour and light, £15,882. Mr. JAMES called attention to the heavy expenditure on Government steamers. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he proposed to ask the House to pass the Estimates as they were. The Government would try to reduce expenditure wherever possible, particularly if they found the revenue was not coming up to the estimate. In reference to salaries, it was not proposed to make reductions in them, but officers would be dispensed with where possible. Mr. JAMES pointed out that last year the Works Department had secured an unfair advantage over other departments. The DIRECTOR of PUBLIC WORKS said that, on the contrary, the officers of the Public Works Department had last year merely been placed on a level with other officers. Mr. CONNOR drew attention to the item, " Upkeep and insurance and uniforms for officers and crew of Penguin, £850." The COLONIAL TREASURER said that the upkeep of these vessels was very heavy, but the Penguin performed a lot of services, and they could not do without her. Item passed. Government stores, £5,525 Mr. DOHERTY drew attention to the item, ''Clerks and labourers occasionally employed, £2,000." The COLONIAL TREASURER said that arrangements had been made by which the Government storekeeper hoped to be able to save the whole of this amount. Item passed. Pensions, £5,16116s . Mr. BURT asked whether the Government proposed to do anything in the matter of a recommendation contained in the report of the governors of the High School, that Mr. E. W. Haynes, late second master, should be granted a pension or gratuity. He testified to the good public services of the gentleman named. Mr. JAMES endorsed the remarks of Mr. Burt as to the public service rendered by Mr. Haynes. Mr. A. FORREST hoped that the Government would grant Mr. Haynes a pension. He pointed out that Mr. Poole, late Government architect, was down for a pension of £170 per annum. u Mr. CONNOR moved to report " progress. The COLONIAL TREASURER said the recommendation in the report was not prominently brought under his notice. The Superannuation Act provided for pensions for persons in the Civil Service of the colony, but he did not know whether it would be said this gentleman was in the Civil Service. The only way would be to give this gentleman a lump sum by way of gratuity. He believed this gentleman had done good service. He would consult with the governors of the High School and see what could be done. Mr. CONNOR withdrew his motion. The COLONIAL TREASURER said the pension of £170 to the late Assistant Engineer-in-Chief, Mr. G. T. Poole, was made in accordance with the Superannuation Act. The Government had nothing to say against that gentleman's competency. He was one the most capable architects in the colony ; but when the Department of Public Works was being reorganised it was felt necessary to make a change in the administration. The office held by this gentleman was abolished, and under the Act he was offered either a gratuity or a pension, and he chose the latter. The allowance of £65 12s to Mr. J. F. Stone was made in accordance with a certificate granted to him in 1895, when he was promoted from his office of immigration agent to duties he could not combine with them. Mr. JAMES protested against the item as unnecessary. The vote was passed. Miscellaneous services, £86,633 93. 7d: Mr. FORREST moved to report progress. Progress was reported, and leave given to sit again the following day. NEW BILL. The Companies Act Amendment Bill was read a first time. ADJOURNMENT. 11.15. The House adjourned till 4.30 p.m. the following day. 