RUSSIA AND INDIA. The most notable item perhaps which was nashed to as yesterday after the short; iaterrup tiou of the cable lineB was that with reference zo the education of Eussian Officers. The Czar has ordered the formation of classes at Taihkend, the capital oi Turkestan, for instruction in Hindu stani. All general staff officers, and one officer from each Brigade of Eifles, Artillery, tJOssacKs, ana latantry, the message goes on to Bay, must attend the classes. It adds that officers passing are to receive six months' extra pay, and one officer is to be sent annually to India. There cannot be much doubt as to the way in which this linguistic programme is to be interpreted. Nobody will be apt to imagine for a moment that it is simply to be attributed to the abstract interest of the Bussian autocrat in the cause of philology, and his desire to sustain the reputation of .Russians for the gift of acquiring foreign tongues. The order speaks very plainly indeed for itself as to its real meaning. Of course, it will at once recall attention to the matter of Russia's adrauce towards India, which, doubtless; had been par tially lost sight of by many persons, in view of her recent movements farther east. Very possibly it was intended that it should. In any case, the reminder can hardly fail to awaken Britishers once again to a sense of ' the difficulties which lie ahead of them with respect to the maintenance of their Indian Empire. There have, aa every body knows, ; been two theories as to the operations of tbe Bussians in those regions which are adjacent to India. One is that they have no wieh to meddle with India if Great Britain would only come to a friendly understanding with them — that they would be satisfied to confine their energies to other por tions of Asia, and leave Britain undisturbed in her part of that continent. When this theory was first aired' there was no talk of a break up of China, and of Bussia having a big say as to the division of the spoil. But, anyhow, the opinion held all altng by people whose minds were more sceptical as to the genuineness of Bussian 'hints about working in a friendly spirit with the British in the East has bees that the ultimate possession of India is a fixed idea with Bussian statesmen. Up to the year 1886, at all events, they seemed to be steadily pursuing a policy- which Wrought them nearer and nearer to the Indian border. Acts of aggression were frequently committed by Russian officers which, involved £he possibilities of an open ruptnre with Great Britain. It 8eemed at times as though, those agents of the Czar were endeavoring to make it clear to them selves how much the British, would actually stand at their hands. The Pendjeh. difiienlty, when Russians established themselves in Afghan territory, supposed to be under the British protection, and slew the Afghans who resisted them, it will be remembered very nearly brought things to a crisis.' Great Britain and Bussia were on the very verge of war. Liberal British Governments have not obtained much credit in regard of their foreign policy, and a3 a matter of fact have in too many instances not exactly deserved it. How ever, the Liberals— it was Mr. Gladstone, of coarse, who was then at their head — behaved with sufficient firmness on the occasion of the Pendjeh dispute. For some reason or another Russia, at all events, drew in her horns. Scares with respect to her movements in the neighborhood of the Indian border have from the date in question ceased to take the acute shape which had been so common before. The explanation of the change would seem to be that there was a deliberate ' cessation of effort on her part in that particular quarter. Such griev ance apparently became still more pronounced after the termination of the late war between China and Japan. Recognising a hitherto undreamt-of rival in 'the JTar. East, ,and naving it clearly revealed to her at the same time that the military power of China was a mere show, Bussia evidently made all haste to counter act' the threatened ascendancy of the Japanese, and . left the Indian question to be dealt with at a future day. That with respect to it the Russians are convinced that time is on their Bide, is, if signs coant for anything- at all, much more than pro bable. They no doubt look forward to the period as a not distant one when their role will have been so established in the territories ad jacent to India, and tbe population will have become 80,Bussianised that the Bus eian advance on the Peninsula will be rather that of a nation thana military expedition. On the other' band they regard the presence of_the^ritiahiii India ts a military occupation and . nothing inore. Be this as it may, our brethren have every likelihood of iaviag their hands pretty full if they are to remain masteire of India. - T That forecast ot the Speech from the Throne which has been transmitted to .us by cable is chiefly remarkable not for what it says, but for what it doesn't say. There is hot a. word 'about the Chinese question. The state of tha tbingain the Celestial Empire might t»e in perfect keeping with its name, for any hint to the contrary which is conveyed in that deliver ance which constitutional custom prescribes for the British Sovereign. In view of . the fact that events in the Far East must be the all engrossing subject in the old country just now, ' the absence of any reference to it in the Queen's speech may be considered as the latest; and not least curious illustration which hits been given of of the celebrated sayiagthat language was really given to people to conceal their thoughts, A . prisoner was sentenced yesterday sA th e i quarter' sessions, whose excessive cheek should j surely have pleaded for him. In fact, i- roguish, j epigrammatic pkrase,he bids fair to rival the well- j known Bttyings of the historical claimant, lie j 'started a guessing competition; which form oi ) mild swindling, one would have thought, has j j beep long exploded. What the guessing compe- ? j tition T?aa does- not appear, nor, from the «jvi- j denee, do63 it 'waiter oiuch. The prize was e. -j bicycle, aud ' he admitted that iie did cot ! intend to --send bicycles to auy of the | wieners, a&j;, moreover, had none to ! 6end/' Suca- clear and unaasweratile \ logic as this should have appealed to every legal j mind. Further on he capped it, however, by rs- j marking that 'between what jou get and what you'expect to gat there is a difference,' an axiom wmen is imtn liseir. u niortunaseiy, even equipped with such gems of wisdom as these, one has no chance against the world, especially the stern, hard, moral sense of justice. He promised bicycles, and he had no bicycles. '? Moreover,' he demanded and received, ia some cases twenty shillings, to remit these mythical bicycles to the lucky winners, wherefore, in spito of his ready wit, he retirea from society ior a while, to coin fresh epigrams and moral axioms. The reports this morning from the fire ravaged districts of 'Victoria, are somewhat reassuring. The sir was much cooler yesterday, and it would seem as if the worst had happened. Among tha maay places destroyed is that popular resort known as Ferntres Gully, and it will be some time before its attractions tor picnickers are restored. It would be comforting if we could be assured that the heat wave had quite passed, but according to Mr. Wragge this is not so. The Queanslatfd meteorologist predicts another heat wave shortly over South Australia, the western areas of New South Wales,* and over Victoria and Tasmania. Altogether the Austra lian summer of 1897-98 is one to be remembered. A flood at Cler&iont; ' and. a cyclone at Maekay show that Queensland has had her share of weather troubles as well as the other colonies, bat compared to the terrible experiences of the Gippsland settlers, the tribulations of the other colonies have been mild and inconsequential. That is a curious case of loss of memory reported from Newcastle, in which a man so fax 'forgot himself' — this time the expression is used literally, and not in the sense usually attached to it — that he couldn't recollect his own name or anything that would lead to his identity. He might, indeed, hare been born yesterday for all he seemed to know about, himself. Memory and the imagination play men and women queer pranks sometimes, but it is seldom that one's whole past life is so completely obliterated irom the 'book and volume of the' brftin ' as in the case of the unfortunate man tt .Newcastle. Yet instances of complete blanks in the memory are by no uieaas unknown. Doubtless the records of lunatic asylums could furnish many strange examplss of the oblitera tion of all knowledge of self1, but frequently, when this occurs, the patient imagines him self to be somebody else — a monarch, a millionaire, a greas general, or some other distijognished person. At other times the disordered imagination takes. the most grotesque flights. To give only one instance, there was the case of one of the forefathers of a former New South Wales Governor who imagined himself to be constructed ot- glass and was careful how he sat down lest he should go to pieces. The Dreyfus case, already so rife in sen sationalism, has a fresh element of that nature imparted to it by the trial of M. Zola for charges agains( persons in authority in connection with tne condemned captain, xne ramous noveiisi is, as most of us have been .aware for some time, apparently a firm believer in the in nocence of Dreyfus. His ideas on that subject, whether just or not, are evidently net shared by the great mass of his countrymen. The cable gram speaks of great popular excitement and of M. Zola being hissed. Distant' observers of any movement, if they be only fairly apprised of the general facts, are often able to judge of it with an impartiality which is impossible at least for the majority of nearer witnesses, however naturally clear sighted they may be. In suck cases distance of situation, as far as freedom from/ prejudice is concerned, has fre quently the effect produced by distance of time. V/hat must strike most people in Australia who have paid any close- attention to the Dreyfus affair is that, whether the man were' guilty or not, the circumstance of his being a Jew told dreadfully against him as regards the opinion of the general public, and may possibly have even unconsciously influenced the men who had to decide his ease. Let us take a parallel which a memorable chapter of English history will supply. The anti-semetic feeling which imported from Eastern Europe, aud has now taken root in France, may be likened to the .frenzy created in England when Titus Oates made his state ment as t* the supposed 'Popish plot.' While that madness lasted people were disposed to believe, the very worst of anybody professing the Ca thole religion. Before tribunals, which on ordinary occasions would have treated him with strict justice, he at that time would not have stood the ghost of a chance, however innocent he might be. It ia at least possible that Dreyfus may have been a similar victim to circumstances. \- ' J - ? . AUBURN COUNCIL TROUBLE THE 3LA.YOR APOLOGISES. At the Auburn Council last night the Mayor (Alderman C. Dyer) said die wished to make a personal explanation of same little matters wibich happened the other night. At the outset he VouJd state that lie had no intention whatever of offend ing or injuring the feelings of any of the alder anen. Perhaps tihe wonds used twere uncalled for, and not penhaios tbe terms he should have used luniuer the circumstances. But he was only human, and subject to human passions, and there had (been Aggravating circumstances which caused bim to use tike wards. The (point talken that no proper notice had been given was fatal to the meeting if it was pressed, and it was when it was pressed, and the business blocked, that he became aggra vated,, and .-used.. the expression. Afldermiam fiiibdhie wa& glad the Mayor had seen fit to -wlthdraiw his objectionable remarks. His point had. been *bat ?the aldermen- iad had no proper notice, of tihe business called on, and the same poin£ .applied that might if they tried to elect committees. Tbe act deafly provided that no tice of suph, .'business must be given, and it had not been giyen Shat night. The Mayir said the bylaws stated the committees must be fleeted the next meeting after the election of Mayor. If it was pressed that Uie business could 'not 'be done ;withoxtt notice, the motion must ?lapse. .; . - AMeitoan Ritchie read lia act, which -was clear on the tnvatteSy and said tha aldermen must 'have notice.-' ?. £.-...-?(?:,.-? ; ... ? Hhe Mayor said the bylaws were enough for Mm, and he -would act on them. Tbe subject was allow ed to drop- itor same time, and when it was again referred to Aldenman Ritchie did not press flis objection, and committees were elected.. 