"THE MYSTERY OF iELAWIE." PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. 3ES2P" "W,5.<sB-fca>3y i 'Author of . "A Secret of the Past," "A Perilous Venture," &c.;, &o.; COPYRIGHT. '' ' ; ' " CHAPTER XllL — (Continued.) ' "Oh, they will bear a second Inspection, Mrs. Lawless," Alan answered, laughing apa .colouring a little. "What say you, Miss Garaye?" "To me, those places must for ever he Cherished," Melanle replied, lapsing, as if .unconsciously, into French, and thereby ex citing the disgust of Ethel Fenton, who shrugged her shoulders and lolced at Hilda) with a little grimace." "We may as well take that way at all events, even if we do not linger there," Miss Katherihe said, a moment later. 'It is soma little time since I have seen Mona's Bowe.4. It must look lovely in this autumn glow and bunshine." ; They accordingly entered upon the path leading to the gorge, and Alan and his com panion quickened their steps a little, and ' arrived at the rustic bridge, while the others were still tolling up the narrow woodland way. : "How lovely it Is!" Melanle cried, clasping her hands — a favourite gesture of hers. "I think, when I die, Mr. Graham, my spirit will revisit this spot." "Don't talk of death!" Alan answered, looking down into her uplifted face — with its Carmine colouring, and the dark, luminous eyes ' beneath the big Leghorn hat, which . Melanle again wore. "Death has nothing in ' fcommon with your bright, animated, fervent Vouth and loveliness! As well talk of the decay of a spring violet, just when it opens Its fragrant' petals amid its fresh green leaves." ' "But the spring flower is often stricken hnd blighted;" Melanle returned, with a sudden, strange gravity and gloom deepen ing over her face. . ' Was It the shadow of a presentiment that, at that Instant, chilled her heart?. She shivered and lapsed into silence. "Ah, here they come," Alan broke the little pause by observing, in a tone of relief, "Mirs. Lawless leading the way, like a general at the head of the army." „ , . "I hope they will not linger here," Melanle su«d. In a whisper. "The place has suddenly , chilled me!" " . And she felt reassured when, after a b-lef pause on the bridge, the party again moved onward, and Mrs. Lawless, in the tones. of a professional guide, called out: "And now we commence our walk to the Mcated Grange. Prepare your nerves, all pf you, to experience the horrors of a haunt ed house!" , CHAPTER XIV. — THE MOATED GRANGE. . A little silence fell ovtV4 the explorers, as they entered a dark, shadowed path, which seemed to strike away beneath a dense roofing of branches and foliage into the very ' heart of the wood., , There was no sound here saVe the sighing of the fitful breeze, the rustle of a falling leaf, and the faint moan of the glen torrent, which died away, little by little, as the party proceeded. "I am beginning to feel eerie, I think, ffl- rc-ady!" Mrs. Lawless said, with' a little shrug of her plump shoulders. 'This seems to be a deserted path. It leads direct, I be lieve, to the Grange." "Yes, after many windings and twistlngs," KJsb Katherlne answered. "We pass old Judith Dare's cottage first— and, by the way. she has the key of the' Grange, So we shall have to call for It." ' "A key Is hardly necessary at all," Harold cald. "And Indeed I wonder the house has net been broken into long since. Some of the lower windows are so shattered that one ' could enter that way if one wished." "Yes, if one 'wished,' " Miss Katherlne re turned, smiling. "But I'd like to know who wculd care to venture there alone! . The house Is shunned by everybody. Even Ju dith Dare— although she Is supposed to take 'a look at the place now and then— rarely, I venture to say, goes beyond the thres- 'What was the story of that house, Mls3 Desmond?" Alan Graham asked, turning his head suddenly, and pausing until the rest of the party came up. "I should be curious to hear about It." . . "Well, you know, as for the- story of the Jhcuse it would be hard to sav. Mr. Graham, seeing that it was built in Elizabeth's time. ®nd must have been the scene of many and many a strange vicissitude. But the parti cular event that has Invested the place with sr. ghostly and terrible an atmosphere oc curred about eighty or ninety years ago. "And what was that?" Alan demanded, eagerly. ' "tt was a,, yery '.shocking and . cruel mur der," Miss Katherlne answered. ' "The Grange became a dower-house, you see, and poor Rachel Verner, after her husband's death, left the Hall and went to reside at the Grange. She was a great-great-grand- aunt of Alice's." "Well, it seems, that before her marriage to Reginald Verner, a cousin of her own — Marwood Sherborne was his name — wa3 passionately in love with her, and on the day she became the wife of Reginald Ver ner, Sherbourne swore that he would be re venged for what he called her "treachery" to himself. "And he fulfilled his oath; for, by the aid of forged letters, wicked slanders, and so on, he embittered Verner's heart against the lovely girl he had wedded, and rendered her married life a torture to her. Then Re ginald Verner broke his neck in a steeple chase, and, as I tell you, Rachel retired to the Grange." "And did not even that satisfy Marwnnd Sherborne?" Alan said. "He must, indeed, have been merciless." "He was a monster in human form, Mr. Graham!" Miss Katherlne answered, with great earnestness, and her fine face had grown pale. "He now seems to have renew ed his offers of love to the unhappy Rachel; but she feai t'l and hated him, and she re pulsed his advances with loathing and scorn. "And one night, at last, the servants were awakened from their sleep by an ear-pierc ing shriek that rang through the old house; and, rushing to the Cedar Room, they found their luckless mistress dying on the floor, a- dagger plunged to the hilt in her heart. "With her last breath she told them that Marwood Sherborne had stabbed her and within half an hour she was dead!" "What a tragic dreadful story!" Melanle said, her hands wrung together, a look of terror in her eyes. "And was the murderer brought to jus tice, Miss Desmond?" - "No, my dear. He fled beyond seas, and died abroad." - "And the Grange is haunted ever since,. I suppose?" Alan Graham said. "So the story goes. Certain it is that no body has lived there beyond a week or two at a time ever since Rachel Verner's tragic death. The room she was murdered in — the Cedar Room — Is usually called the Haun ted Room. I could tell you dozens of stories about the Grange — stories of persons who declared that, they saw something there — but really, Mr. Graham, I think I shall ask you to allow me to defer these horrors until some other time," Miss Katherlne broke off. "I see that Miss Garaye has grown pale. And now we have almost ar rived at Judith Dr.re's cottage." A silence followed, as they approached the thatched cottage nestling amid the trees, a neglected garden In front, the glowing woodland clustering all around. Alice Verner entered the little gate and went up the path to the cottage door. "Are you there, Judith?" she called, as she drew near. "We want 'the key of the Grange, please." A withered crone, with a stooped figure, strangely vivid, dark-grey eyes, and white tangled hair, presently appeared at the door. Her witch-lllce countenance was at once puckered Into a smile of welcome, as her eyes fell on the beautiful face of Miss Verner. Old .Tuditli had been formerly a servant at Verner Hall, but for the past dozen years she had resided here in the cottage. "Won't 'ee come In, Miss Alice, dearie?" she said, extending her shrivelled, claw-like hand, and lifting the girl's fingers to her lips. "Poor Davy would like to see you." "Davy" was Judith's grandson — a crippled boy. whom she had adopted six years before, when his mother and father were both drowned on their way to America. Alice entered the cottage and beheld the boy seated by a fire of sticks and fir-cones, his head resting on a block of wood, which served the purposes of a cushion and a stool, as occasion required. Davy's pale face and .wistful, dark eyes beamed with pleasure, as Alice Verner came beside him; for he had always loved "Miss Alice," who was. I indeed, one of his best friends. "I cannot stay now, Davy; but I will come over very soon and spend an hour talking to you," Alice said, one of her slender hands gently laid on his shoulder. "Oh, then, do, miss— do, Miss Alice," Ju dith cried, eagerly; "for he's always talking about 'ee. dearie, and wishing you'd come." "Well, let It be to-morrow afternoon, then," Alice said. "So good-bye for the present. Davy," and drawing out her purse, she placed some silver in the boy's shrunken hand. "And now, Judith, I must go at once. They are all waiting for me. We are going to the Moat ed Grange, and I want the key." Judllh Dare started, and stared at Alice for a moment, and her grizzled brows were con tracted with a frown of inquiry and fear. "Going to the Grange, Miss Alice." Surely, surely, not there!" "Come, now, Judith! You know I'm not afraid of ghosts and goblins," Alice said, an unpleasant little thrill passing through her, nevertheless, at the pallid scowl of Judith's wltch-liko face. "Miss Alice, Miss Allco, you won't go Into that accursed house! You . won't, dearie! Promise old Judith that-yqu won't?" ' But at this instant Mra. Lawless, who had grown impatient, appeared at the door, and there was nothing for It but to surrender the key forthwith. "Good- bye, Davy, until to-morrow," Alice said, as she left the cottage kitchen. ' "Good bye, Judith. I will bring tho-ltey back 'when I come fo-morrow afternoon." Old Judith stood at . the cottage door, gaz ing after Alice's retreating,' figure, " that strange fear and anxIety-stiU darkening her face, "What a dreadful old hag that is!" Mrs. Lawless . was, meanwhile, saying to Alice. "She always reminds me of one of the witches in 'Macbeth.' " "Ah, so you've secured the key," Alan Graham called out. "I was. afraid there was some disappointment; and, do you know, I am filled with a ghastly kind of eagerness to bol I'.d this haunted house." "Well, your anxiety shall be noon gratified now, Mr. Graham," Mrs. Lawless said. "The Grange Is within ton minutes' «vallc from here." A silence again fell over the party, and their footsteps seemed to lag a little, per haps involuntarily. The gloom of the tangled path had deep ened; the briar and fern grew ' so ranltly here that the pedestrians were forced to ad vance one by one. Already the sun was dropping to the westward, and .througn a break in the deep-massed woodland, here and there, a shaft of fire shot its quivering arrow, and illuminated the gnarled and mcss-grown trunks, as with the reflected giow of a conflagration. Alan led the way, Melanle following close behind. She was utterly silent now, and that dark presentiment opj | issed her with an intensity as inexplicable as It was terri fying. .The path took a sharp turn to the right, and instantly Alan Graham halted. "By Jove! this must be It— and what a .weird picture!" - His eyes had fallen upon a quaint, Eliza bethan building, with high-pointed gables, a steep roof, and tall, Ivy-grown chimneys. The wild wood spread behind, forming a solemn and mysterious background. The" front of the building was covered with Ivy, which had crept almost across the windows and climbed up the roof in tangled and pictures que luxuriance. The moat had for many years been filled in, and was now covered with a dense thicket of hazeland briar. (to he continued.) 