SATURDAY, JANUARY 29, 1898. DR. RUSSELL'S DISMISSAL. The Governrnerilb have lost no time in agreeing to the recommendation of the Hospital Board for the dismissal of Dr. Russell, the Medical Superintendent of the Hospital. Dr. Russell had the op portunity of resigning, but did not choose to avail himself of it. AVe do not consider it at all satisfactory that Executive action should have been taken without a full publication of the facts which are held to justify ib. The board's enquiry took place last week, and an official statement of the proceed ings ought to have been made available. To an officer of Dr. Russell's standing some consideration was Burely duo. It is understood that he was called before the board and made certain explanations. His defence, whatever it is, should have been comoletcly placed before the public, who have a right to be satisfied that the circumstances fully warrant his dismissal. As it is, nothing is known beyond what can be gathered from the statements elicited by Press enquiry, and; these aro incomplete and in some respects conflicting. . We . have already remarked that there appears no evidence for; the' charge. that~ tho board was disrespectfully treated by the Medical Superintendent. .The accusation depends apparently on the theory that the letter sent to liim by the acting secretary was in the fullest sense official, and understood as .such. If it was, there would be no excuse for the. brusque manner in which Dr. Russell . notified Jits refusal to consult with the Senior Physician, not the ghost of a reason being given. He states, how ever, that he did not regard the letter as in any way a communication from the board, and it is -certain that it did not purport to be such. There ia . inherent reasonableness in Dr. Russell's disclaimer of any - intention to treat the board 'cavalierly,' and so far as the facts are known they impress us as being entirely consistent with his own conten tion. It might be, as has been suggested, that a consideration of what took place when the Medical Superintendent was called before the board would lead to a different conclusion ; but we can deal only with the materials for judgment actually before us. If it cannot be convincingly shown that Dr. Russell was intentionally discourteous to the board, it was a grave mistake to raise this point at all. The way in which a thing is done may aggravate the offence of doing it ; but in this case the matter of vital importance is the refusal of the Medical Superintendent to consult with the Senior Physician, and the form in which that refusal was con veyed is comparatively unimportant. Obviously such a state of things ia critical, and some remedy would have to be found for the difficulty it creates. When there is a strain in the .relations be tween colleagues whose loyal coopera tion is necessary in ihe interests of the institution, either measures must be taken to establish concord, or, if that be impracticable, the offender must bo removed, so that cause of fric tion shall no longer exist. The position assumed by the Medical Superintendent would appear to be indefensible. It is well known that outside the Hospital there is what is, to all intents and pur poses, a professional boycott against the Senior Surgeon and the Senior Physician. They were ostracised on their arrival ; afterwards, the un usual course was taken of publicly reflecting on their professional abilities, and proposing to show in effect thab they should never have been granted the right to practise ; and finally, on tho ground that their coming to the rescue of a Hospital abandoned by the honorary staff was a breach of medical etiquette, they were expelled from a Medical Associa tion. All this is notorious. At the first blush it looks very much as though Dr. Russell s attitude towards certain of his colleagues means the appearance of the boycott in the Hospital. This of course would be intolerable. Something, like esprit de corns is essential for the proper working of the institution, and if dis cordant elements persist in ? cropping up they must simply be eliminated. It is pretty generally understood that Dr. Russell's connection with the Hospital leaves him uninjured in the estimation of medical brethren outside who are bitterly hostile to other members of the start. Iiis appointment as Medical Superintendent was originally the subject of much adverse comment by champions of the old board, but tiie tone has long since changed. The position he occupied in connection with the Watson episode gave satisfaction to the same *ide. He has had grievances of his own, and in the same quarter much sympathy with him has been expressed. It would be idle to pretend ignorance of various rumors affecting the question of Dr. Russell's loyalty to a revolutionary and well-hated regime, from which ho was one of the first to gain advantage. But it would be entirely unfair to sit in judgment on Dr. Russell on the strength of unverified reports. In this miserable Hospital trouble, which some appear to take a delight in foment ing on every possible occasion, there are ' wheels within wheels,' the working of which must be disclosed before it ia just or reasonable to pronounce on any man an unqualified condemnation. Almost all thatis authoritatively known at present is that Dr. Russell positively declined to meet Dr. Ramsay Smith in con sultation ; that there are other members of the stafftowardswhomheassumed a similar attitude; and th^t he is removed from office because ofctaking this stand and refusing to retreat from it when called before the board. More ought to be known. We are not prepared to say that the board or the Government have adopted other than the right solution of a serious difficulty. But, to feel that the sentence is entirely just, the public ought to be satisfied that a difficulty, which is only to i-e cured in thia paihfiil; fashion arose through Dr. Russell'a fault., Again rumor suggests matter foir specula-; tion on which ifcijvrould be well. ti-fjh'ajp.:: precise information. It is often said; !thms . there is no ' haj-f-y family' arrahgemei\fi at the Hospital* ' That some u^rjfdist; : should occasionally occur is a thing tojbjei expected, for theiapplo of discord is con\ tinually throws*, down. Some m^iivbeis of the staff. i%Ve ' probably lititlti'j^ nothing ; more rito fear fronv.ajv! e-Hf raged profession 'outside '. thja|'iris|jr -~ tution; ot^^|:luTiBV%.e'eri'';iib?;.^ya^M.''.. dubious positain, and may-stall iilo^ wondering, wifcnja good' iteai of Jintftrewi how it will all end. The staff, it is to be presumed, has been doing its very best for the Hospital, but we can well believe that some of its members may at times have felt more or less anxious and un settled. Beyond all this, however, there is the question whether any influence is at work in the Hospital itself, which is persistently inimical to peace. The board has had a hard row to hoe from the first. It is, we are satisfied, anxious only to maintain efficiency and promote perfect harmony ; but to prevent trouble arising circumspection, tact, and firmness are absolutely indispensable. In the adjustment of disturbed relations it is desirable, where very probably the causes of disturbance may be complex, to examine every side with studious care and impartiality. Will Dr. Russell's removal allow everything to go on smoothly ? We should like to feel more confident upon that point. Only the climax of the relations between the Medical Superintendent and the Senior Physician is made visible to the public ; what went before might be an interesting: and not unprofitable story. The board has placed itself ac a disadvantage before the public in not making an unreserved exposure of the grounds on which the unceremonious dismissal of Dr. Russell was resolved upon. 