??^xmm^mm^' Theitiiswhipiieringim ttejnwn^ns ni murmuring Ibwer^apwn;; n. , Thitihe battle jBag isboisted in city \- and in town 1 ?; fV-' '-'*i»-,^, That *e foes wWl »ooh U dieevinjj,' «M|: ., the battles 4ie*overa, . . For each man will do bis utmest for '?:': tlis cause be holds »p dear. Protsction's raised her banner, aud it eryinir cut for blood, WbuVfreatrade'. tioating onwards, in . tbbiid* or wijb flood; That thealrUK|(li- will be bitUr as to . - who will uk» command ' Of the vessel that is drifting, and the breakers clnse at hand. The flag that's *t her minui top dons .: ?? flutter, with the'scroll, . . ' In solrUn lelturs traced ,ttierrnn,-'All ' freemen hers enrol'1 ;'' - .?''?''?.' Her. BRurehead ji liberty, andJrre trade's oh th« stern ; A good lookout is on ibetep, bnt will that pilot learn ... ' ' The channel ,.tb«t is dangerous; ihere's manyVciinken rack, '.. . And skilful must thn pilot tie tbat lands her safe in dook. ''-':- Tf tales be true tfiat shipmates toll they tell him 'Wrigglf r Bria'— Jast so: those channels. ihrn should bo quit* wife; lo biro indeed ? Tho lifihtship Inber swings ttiidvay. and pilots say ' It's qaeer That her lights krep ajwnyi) shifting and never shine ont clear-' A statrly ship is somrtimei seen, with a man at every gun, At other times a biokan hulk, her crew a ' bumpin ' of their drum,' And still she blocka the channel. simply ship or broken' hulk ; ? No pilot dare to scuttle liar or blow lii-r up in bulk ; Her ghost would haunt the freetrodr, her spectra sink promotion : If either warship ramm'd her dowu Rlie turn up n- xt election. She'll stand tbeir shot nnd breast the waves that dash against her bow, And shining lights will stream from' her, though rather dull just now ; Brave hearts are there to uian ber, ' keep her steady on the anchor' ; Tf either powoi or duty cause oppress our duty is to spank her. Stand to your guns, true labor's sons, pitrh bombs if (hot doth fail ; Stick to your coarse, hoist Labour's flag, and speed on with full sail. 'JiuofSwam^Oak.' — Maitland Mekoubv. 