SISTERS . OF MERCY. RECEPTION OF NUNS. AN IMPRESSIVE CEREMONY. -The order of the Sisters of Mercy occu pies a foremost position amongst the great army of communities who are working in | the sacred cause of charity, education, re ligion, and philanthropy on behalf of the J Catholic Church. Its members have made tkeniseh'es famous on the battlefield in administering the comforts of religion to i the dying, and attending to, the temporal : wants of the wounded. Into the hos pital, the sick room of the poor and lowly and the habitations of the desti tute and the -unfortunate the bisters of Mercy bring sweetness and sunshine, and history is eloquent with their efforts in the alleviation of distress and the amelio ration of the condition of the needy. There is scarcely a place of any note in the civilised world where their members are not to be found, and not the least im portant of the numerous branches in the antipodes is established in South Austra lia, where their schools are flourishing, and where their loving care for tne less fortunate ones of the Catholic flock needs no eulogy here. To those women who prefer the solitude and seclusion of the cloister to the pleasures and fascinatioiis of the world the order of. the Sisters of Mercy offers attractions to join its ranks, for .in its operations there is ample scope for the utilisation and application of ; womanly sympatliv and forbear ance towards their fellow cre'a tures. who need : consolation ' and' help. Though the world may think it strange that, women should thus cut themselves off from society, and rob themselves of the nuances. of enjoying its "pomps ana vanities," it is nevertheless true tn£u thousands of women every year throw in theif lot with the myriad of communities of the ehurch, and devote themselves with enthusiasm to the work for which they are peculiarly fitted. There is no lack of can didates for any of the female religious orders in South Australia, and on vv etlnes dav morning there was an accession to the ranks of the Sisters of Mercy, three young ladies .'having been received as members or the order. The ceremony took place in the handsome little oratory of the convent m Ahgas-street, and throughout it was beau tiful and impressive, the chanting by the invisible choir of the soul-stirring chants and hymns appropriate to the occasion, and the singing or the sweet strains of the "Ave Maria". serving to accentuate the deep solemnity of the ceremonial. llie Very Rev. Dr. Byrne, V.G., was the officiating priest, and he was assisted by the Eev. Father Cosgrave,. master of cere liiohies. The oiher clergy in the sanctuary were the Very Eev*. Father Milz (superior of the Jesuit order in South Australia), Eev. Fathers Headley, O.P., Larkrn, O.P., Albert, C.P., Landy, Enright, Hourigan, and Davis, • , The postulants who were to receive the habit communicated in the morning, and at the ceremony appeared in full bridal dress. At the appointed hour all the religious assembled habited in their church cloaks with lighted tapers. Those on the right held a candle in the right hand, and- those on the other in the left. The procession was formed in the following order:— Crossbearer, postulants, novices, professed religious, moiher assistant; postulants ana mother superior. When the procession was forming the postulants_ knelt to ask the mother superior's blessing, and_ the names they were to receive in religion. They then proceeded to the sanctuary ac companied by the mother superior and genuflected before the Blessed Sacrament. The mother superior and assistant retired to their places, leaving the postulants on their knees. As the procession entered the choir the hymn "0 gloriosa Virginum" ; was sung, at the conclusion of which the ; archbishop sang the versicle "Ora • pro ea" and the prayer "Dens qui sub tutela." The wax candles were blessed, and after i .airing been laid on the altar they were sprinkled with holy water and in cense. The postulants were then conducted by the mother assistant and the mother superior to the altar, where, kneeling, they reee-'ved the candles, lighted, from the archbishop,; first kissing his hand and then the candles. After the prayer "Accipe, filia eharissima" they returned to their places, and Father Headley preached a brief and elo quent discourse. He dwelt on the holy state into which the_ novices were enter ing, and said that from ■ then until the time came for them.- to pronounce their vows and ' makej a- - conse cration ' of love in' : -its -' "highest form, they would go through a time of trial. ; They would continuously hear:the name ;cf God, of whose presence -they would.at all times of the day be" made conscious, and they would be faithful to the trust which the Almighty had put to them. ' During the sermon the postulants were seated in the middle of the choir, and at the end of the discourse they were con ducted by the mother assistant and the mother superior to the altar, where, kneeling,. they were each interrogated by tlhe officiating priest as fallows:—Celeb brant—"My child what do yon demand?" Postulant—"The mercy of God and the holy habit of religion." Ceflebrant—"Is it with vour o-wn free will you demand the holy habit of religion? Postulant— "Yes, your reverence.' Celebrant—"Eeve | rend mother have you made the: necessary enquiries, and are you satisfied?" Mother Superior—"Yes, your reverence." Cele brant—"My child have you a firm inten tion to persevere in religion to the end of i your life, and do you hope to have suffi cient strength to carry constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ solely for the love and fear of God?" Postulant —"Eelring on the mercy of God I hope to. be able to do so." The postulants then I genuflected and retired, conducted by the mother assistant and mother superior to put off the secular dress. Meanwhile psalms or motetts were sung, and con tinued until the sisters returned. The habits were then blessed, during which ceremony a number of psalms and , prayers were recited. The officia ting priest sprinkled the habits with holy water, and having in censed them they were given to one of the religious to take 'to the postulants. The veils were then blessed, the vicar general sprinkling them with holy water and incensing them waited until -the no vices returned, and as they re-entered the choir, accompanied by the mother assis tant and mother superior, the' antiphon, "Qui est ista," was sung. The novices on their return knelt down, and the ricar general turned towards them and made the sign of the cross over them. The novices ifhen.gav.e. their can'dles •-to the i mother assistant/and'were:'conducted >' t>y her and the another superior to the alt'ar, where, kneeling, they received the cinc I tures from the officiating priest,' kissed j first the hands of the archbishop, then the cinctures, and at the end - of the blessing rose, presented them . bowing to the mother superior, who girded tne novices with them. The novices again knelt whilst the blessed veils were placed on their heads, the . vicar - general reciting the "Accipe velum," of which this is a translation:—"Beceive the white veil, t'he emblem of - inward purity, that thou riiayest follow the Lamb without spot, and mayest walk with him in White, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." The novices remained kneeling while the mother supe rior fastened the veils, and then received the church cloaks, which they presented to the mother superior in the same manner as the cinctures. The novices thus clothed, genuflected, and receiving their candles from the mother assistant, retired and knelt down. Then the officiating priest sprinkled them with holy water, .and after prayers had been said the novices and choir alternately chanted the"Eructa vit." At t'he close the novices knelt down, gave their candles to the mother assistant, and at the end of the verse prostrated themselves on the ground. The clerg.v and religious tilien sang the "Yeni Crea tor," and after prayers had been recited, the novices were avain sprinkled with holy water. The mother assistant directed them to rise from their prostrate position, made with them a genuflection to the Holy Sacra ment, and conducted them to the mother superior, to whom they knelt. The mother superior raised and embraced them. The received then embraced the other reli gious, bowing to each as they did so, re ceived their candles from the mother assis tant, and took their place according to rank amongst the religious. During this time the candles were lit, and the choir chanted the psalm "Eece quam bonum." This closed the ceremony. Afterwards a reception was held, hearty congratulations being offered to the no vices, 'and the bridal cake was broken. The names of the received and their titles in religion are:—Miss Maggie Lennox (Sister Mary Berchmans), Miss Mary Ey der (Sister Mary Ignatius), Miss Lizzie Sherlock (Sister Brigid Mary). Misses Lennox and Eyder are South Australian voung ladies, and were educated at. the school at which they will now teach, : whilst Miss Sherlock hails from Ireland. 