, ? ? . p ' I Spip LOfEL'S HILL. CHAPTER VI. ' And my honor will be Bafe in your hands,, darling — my little country sweet heare, in whose past ia no shadow, no hannting ghoatB o£ bygone loves. Do you know, Vivienno, I bless my uncle's memory with creater fervor every pass ing hour. I have seen so muoh of women's wiles, so many wretched loveless marriages, so few really happy ones, that I can hardly believe my own good for tune. It seems almost too good to be true. Your name is ob unspotted as my own— ? we start in life together blessed with a grand ancestral home, a large fortune, and unmeasured love for one another.' Tbe door opened to admit Mrs. Despard, wreathed in smiles. Vivienne eeized the opportunity . to slip away un observed, and bide horself for awhile in the seolusion of her own room. Somehow those words of Lancelot's, so far from adding to her happiness, filled her with a vague unrest. They had been engaged just a month sow, and at tho expiration of two more they were to be united in marriage. Lancelot had given himself up to the rapture of loving and being loved. He had not so much as one care in theworld. Vivienne was in Paradise one moment and in Hades the next. She knew that she loved Lancelot Lorel with all her heart, and yet there was fear mingled with her love — tbo fear j lest she would have the cup of happiness dashed from her lips ere she had tasted its sweetest. j Hon proud her lover was, how much he thought of the opinion of his fellow men ; and supposo poor Gerald was arrested and sent to prison, what would happen then ? She would simply die of | Bhame. If she could only have nerved herself once to .ask his opinion.and sympathy on the subject she felt it would ease her mind marvellously. ' She felt he must despise her for her ' secrecy,' and yet she could not bring herself to discuss Gerald's troubles even with her lover. Once she did get so far as to stammer out, with averted face— ' You have hoard all about my poor brother, Lancelot ? ' And he loplied, gently— ' Yes, darling, Aunt Jane told me. Don't upset yourself by speaking of him nojv. There, smile again, pretty eyes, and brush the tears away.' But althoagh his answer satisfied hei st the time, Vivienne could not help wondering afterwards just precisely how much Aunt Jane had told him. Surely if he knew all — that Gerald was an out cast, in hiding, that there was a warrant out for his arrest if he bo much as showed his faae there, he would not make such a point of her .spotleis name, her lack of care, her ignorance of trouble. If he loved her as entirely as he pro fesaedto do, surely he might have whis pered some word of sympathy, some assurance of help for the future, and a new start in life for poor Geratd, It was the only fault she had to find with her lover. Meanwhile Lancelot sat chatting with Mrs. Despard in the drawing-room, dis cussing tbe details of his approaching marriage, drawing up the list of guests to be invited, and making memoranda in his pocket-book of things to be done. ' With the exception of yourself and family, Vivienne is singularly desti tute of relatives,' he observed, thought fully. ' Of course, Mr. Despard will give her away. Has she no cousin or— or other unoles and aunts who would euro to oome to her wedding ? ' ' None,' replied Mrs. Despard, promptly, ' not a siiSgie relative in the world with the exception of onrselves— her mother waB an only child.' ' As she is herself,' observed Captain Lovel. ' What a blow her brother's death must have been to hor. By the t-ye, how long is it since it happened ? ' Mrs. Despard winced. She was learning the truth of the saying, that one lie brings many others in its train. In her first anxioty to bring about that engagement between Vivienne and Captain Lovel she had told the man a deliberate falsehood respecting Gerald Despard, which it was impossible to ex plain away new. Lancelot's abnormal pride of race and name, his thoughtless utterances on some subjects, had determined her course of action, and in reply to bis natural questions as to Vivienne's near relations she had suppressed Gerald's existence altogether., Vivienne had once had a brother, she said, but ho was dead; they had been greatly attached to one another ; it was a very painful subject — the poor girl j shrank from alluding to it ; therefore she advised Captain Lovel not to mention his name at all, or ho would be shockcd at tho effect of bis words. Ho had promised readily enough, sus pecting no fraud, and having no reason to doubt her word, and there was nothing for it but to carry on the lie as she had commenced,. ' Ob, some two or three years ago,' sho rep'ied, vaguely ; ' but pray don't refer to him to Viviennne — it always Bpset9 lier very much. She ought to be as cheerful aa posslblo at this time, to look at her best on tho nedding morn ing.' ' I will be very careful,' he replied, gravely — 'although I havo been lougirig U- whisper a word of sympathy to ber. However, death is not the worst trouble —a living one is a hundred times harder to bear. If he had lived and turned out badly, for instance, it would havo been a nover-ending sorrow.' Thorough'y disconccrted, sho rapidly turned tbo conversation, and when the rest of the family joined them, thoy were deep in another topic. (Zb be Continued) \ 