THE GHOST OF ALDER WODK [By Raves's'wood.] " There's no help for it. We shall have to take a haunted house,\I exclaimed, dashing down an account book. • "A haunted house!" gasped four mouths i around me. "Tfiat is,so," I rejoined.- "Our income amounts to the sum of £9S per annum. Out of that four people.have to be fed, clothed, and 'housed—four usalefes people, utterly incapable of doing anything for their Jiving," I added, bitterly and somewhat cruelly. "Haunted houses are occasionally to be had at low rents; if we could chance 'on one it would be a godsend." \ \ ' "So think I,'? said Jerome, my elder brother. "I shall'go to bed every night in a jubilee illumination of gaslight—that will settle them! They're "a weak- eyed, owlish Bet—perfectly useless in a glare." "It's my belief as soap and water settles ghos's quicker nor anything," _ said_ Martha, our good old family domestic, lingering at the door. "They can't abide the smell of it. What they like are dirty Cobwebby 'oles as no cne'-else'll live in. Give 'em plenty of hard sumring, soda, and furniture- polish, and they're miserable. You never * catch ghos's coming anigh at Bpring cleanin's or on washing days," nodding her head knowingly. "Paint, Tarnish, and plain wholesome white wash are-the things," cried Gus, my schoolboy brother, who dabbled in amateur painting and enamelling. "You won't find a ghost putting its nose within a mile of those—they'd -give it the colic." "Ishall try asking them for donations to the Old Women's Clothing Club," primly re marked our fair sister Renzel, who was an angel of mercy in the parish. "Bravo, Benny! We shall never be -troijbled with them after tfeatiI" shouted Gus. ."Perhaps the Restoration"'3?und would be better," added Renzel, reflectively. "Not being accustomed to clothing themselves, may be they wouldn't take kindly to the notion for old women." " They won't stop to take to anything—ex cept their heels," remarked Jerome. "We'll put up large notices,' said I. " 'Ghosts, beware! Spring doatungs held here every spring, summer, autumn, and winter. Washing days frequent; gas everywhere; cleanliness and light the ordrf'-r of the day. "No panelling nor tapestry allowed; only honest brick walls and sanirv.ry paper, white wash and carbolic acid. No Uiothold for ghosts anywhere. Should such int>-ude they will be required to give donations ti the funds of the parish church and the Old \V omen's Clothing Club.'" , "First catch your hacc—that is, yc house," remarked Jerome. " I have-seen one advertised in the paper for weeks," said Renzel, peering up and down the columns of a daily journal. " Ah, here it is ! Listen, all of ye! ^ ' " 'Alderwode, Upper Norwood. This com modious family Residence—said to be haunted I —to let for the nominal sum (of i'20 per annum. | Four reception, eight bedrooms, conservatory, and large garden. Apply on premises.'" " That sounds all right," said L " The place | is only an hour away by bike, too. Suppose 11 spin down there." 1 "I, too !" put in Jerome. " As chaperone, dear boy," he added. 1 "If the phantom be a ghostess it would be-the height of impropriety to leave an unprotected little bachelor like you to her-soft blandishments." I measure six feet, while Jerome is compara tively short, making up in brains for what he lacks in stature. _ " Then if we like the house we can decide on it at once," I continued. " And you would take it after paying one I daylight visit?' exclaimed our long-headed] one. "Why not?' "Excuse me, my dear fellow, for undiluted language, but you're a fooL" "You surely don't believe that nonsense about the place being haunted? Rats and mice—that's all! With perhaps an owl and bat thrown in to make weight." "Do you Buppose that any undemented landlord would let such a, place for £20 if it were only haunted by rats and such small deer?" " Oh, I daresay ;tales_ have got about" "And do'you imagine, you son of a-mole, that with the world full of poor folk that I house would be untenanted if the tales were [ false?' "No, you're right," I replied. "We must spend a night there, if possible, and judge for ourselves." "Oh, poor Jerry! Alas for thee, my Ronald!" cried Gus. "A.sack of bones will be all the residue of you left to your devoted and afflicted family !" and flourishing a hand kerchief patterned with varnish stains he veered off, while we elders began, with graver thoughts and words, to discuss our altered fortunes. . For trouble'had come heavily on ns Dav nants; motherless since childhood, bereft of our-father—an officer of the—fch Hussars— only a year since, left now with only a bare pittance through the failure of the bonk in' which was- the bulk-of our fortune, it was only ourindomitable flow otspirits-and good health which kept ns from succumbing to-the trials of our changed condition. The same afternoon found us preparing for the expedition to _the-haunted house. ''Call out the items of the commissariat," Baia Jerome. And JL enumerated— " Two candlesticks. On© dozen candles. Six boxes of matches. Two novels by John Strange Winter. A small flask of brandy. Two bottles-of Bass. A corkscrew. A paekefc-of sandwiches!" 5towing them away at, the same time in a dilapidated Gladstone bag. "Accept my humble contribution," said Gus. stuffing in a filmy 'packet; " some red Bengal lights to give effect to the ghost Bcenes." "And mine, for the ghost itself," laughed Renzel, holding up a voluminous soarlefcflannel garment; "It_ must be very shivery to be made of air, this cold weather." It was then December. "This is my little offering," said Jerome, carefully loading a revolver. "You can't shoot phantoms," remarked Gus Eniffingly. ; "There are phantoms and phantoms, my child," was the oracular response. An hour later we were reviewing Alderwode from the road, and found it ancient and gloomy of aspect, buried in dark overcrowding shrubberies. "Every inch of it breathes ghosts," observed Jerome, regarding it ruefully as I knocked at the lodge door. " We have come to sample the ghosts," said I cheerily to the old woman of hopeless aspect v«ho answered my summons.; "That is," added Jerome, perceiving that she was a ■walking' antidote to the meekest joke, "we think of taking the house; but wish first to spend a night in it to prove that it is habitable." " Stay if you like, sir," said the old lady's husband, who just then appeared, and looked less pessimistic than her spouse. "You're made of sensible stuff—you want to know what you're coming to," he added with a merry twinkle in his keen blue eyes. " Other folks, they come bag and baggage, and then " " Yes; then ?' queried Jerome eagerly. "You'd best ask 'em," was the laconic reply. "Are the ghosts very bad—and frequent?' asked L v "Now, look'ee here, master," said the lodgekeeper, " I reckon as ghosts' affairs have nought to do wi! me. I mind my business and they mind theirs, and so we get on comfort able together." '' Well, can you let us have some coal and wood for a fire?' queried Jerome. "Ay, ay. Til put you up some firing," moving away. • " There are ghosts ?" asserted Jerome. "There are," I agreed gravely. "Never theless, we won't yield the fort without a struggle." "I'll lend you a-couple of chairs," said the caretaker, returning with a scuttle of fire pro vender. " They bain't grand 'uns, but they're better nor the floor." And shouldering our kits we prepared to turn into quarters. We found Alderwode reeking with decay and dreariness. A stone terrace, with grass springing between the fiacs, skirted the back of the house, and from it flights of moss crown steps led down into a garden w"here the paths, thick with weeds, could hardly be distinguished from the choked-up beds. "Not exhilarating," was Jerome's verdict. "Good for the frogs," I suggested hope fully, unlocking the door and entering. *'I wonder which is the ghost's boudoir or sulking den, according to sex, or if it is 'a romer bold and gay.'" And, chatting on, we went through the rambling old place, and decided that if the ghosts were companionable we should do very well there. The room we selected to bivouac in opened by a glass door on to a conservatory, and 11 o'clock found us with our fire lighted, our candles and supper on the chimney-piece, and our chairs drawn up to the hearth, regaling ourselves with Bass and sandwiches. This done we lit our pipes, and, one eye on the revolver and one on a novel, awaited events. "The curtain will rise at 12,1 suppose," remarked Jerome shortly before. "The{ orchestra is turning up already," re turned I, starting to my feet as a wailing cry passed through the house. "I don't care a straw tor common or garden phantoms," said Jerome, watching the door, revolver in hand. "It's your ghosts which are not ghosts of which one has to beware. Ah!" as a hoarse "laugh rang through the air, followed by the same ghostly wail as before, "I will ga and recon noitre the- enemy," issuing into the hall, whence I could hear his footsteps become fainter down an adjoining-corridor. Grasping my stick, a stout blackthorn, I was keeping watch on the conservatory when my gaze became riveted on the misty figure of a weird-looking old man within beckoning to me with one bony hand. That it was _ a phantom there was no doubt, for through its form I could distinctly see the woodwork beyond. In a few seconds it vanished, -and I dashed to the glass door; but as my hand touched the handle a horrible thrill ran through me, and I felt my hair in very deed rising on end. I tried to withdraw my hand, but all power had left me, while the fiendish laugh I had heard before sounded just beside me. Then gradually the thrill lessened, my strength returned, and I was, though slightly trembling, myself again. Undaunted, I entered the conservatory and perceived an open door before me at the bottom of a flight of steps. Running down, I darted into a large laboratory, where at the far end was the strange being I had seen in spirit form. He was an old man with wild wizen face and gaunt form, enveloped in a long black garment. "So it's you," I exclaimed savagely, "who frighten honest folk out of the house by dia bolical tricks, you old scoundrel. I'll teach you to play the fool! Come with me!" " It's for you, my friend, I have been wait ing these many years," said the wizard, gently rubbing his hands together, and regarding me as if I were a choice anatomical specimen. "Just the type—strong vitality, superabun dant energy, "flow of animal spirits." "Yes; you shall have a specimen of all if you don't-come out of this." ««My good sir," returned the old man, "I will come with you wherever you dictate, if you will first sit down on that chair and listen to what I shall say. Yes," as I instinctively obeyed, "I thought you would." Oh, horror! Again that thrill, but worse. Through my whole frame it spread, till every bone ached as if on the rack. All power of motion and speech left me, and my brain became duller and duller. I could still hear and see, but the sounds seemed far away, and the room filled with mist. "At last," screamed the alchenist, gloating over me, "the opportunity has come. Now for the experiment of my life, which shall prove to the world that it is possible to restore mortal existence to the dying, and that_ to me, Philabas Dracon, the discovery is due. Yes, yes; chloroform now," saturating a cloth from a glass bottle, " till the vital force is all but deadened—till the heart has but a few more throbs to give; then elec tricity, to restore the heart's action, to call back the ebbing life." He was hurrying towards me, chuckling and mumbling incoherently, when the door, which had shut with a spring, was burst open, and Jerome rushed in. * ""What's the meaning of this?' he cried. "Another of them ! Brave boys !" cackled the old man. "Sit down—sit down !" point ing to a chair, and hastening to a row of ivory knobs in the wall. "Stand where you are !" thundered Jerome, "or you will be shot dead, pointing the re volver at him. " What has done that ?' indi cating my inanimate form. "Electricity, the grandest power upon earth," cried the scientist. "Very well, you just undo it or I'll put a bollefcttirough you." And the old man went slowly to an electrical battery and lessened the pressure directed through the chair on me. " Ah, thank Heaven." As my fixed eyeballs relaxed my limbs quivered, then answered to my will, and I gave a gasping sigh. •'All right, old man?' asked Jerome anxiously. "I feel a bit queer," I replied, staegering up; " but fresh air will soon put that right." "What a pity! Such an opportunity J" murmured Dracon. " You old blackguard !" cried I, advancing with clenched hand. "He's as mad as a hatter, Ronald," put in Jerome. "Get you into the air—I'll manage him. Wow you," to the scientist, "go before me into the house and remember there's a re volver covering the back of your brain." And, muttering and moaning, Dracon did as he was bidden. Next morning I obtained from a well-known lunatic asylum near a vehicle and attendant for his removal. Enquiry proved that Alderwode—which dated back several centuries—was connected by an underground passage with the next dwelling—that of Dracon, who had devoted himself to the study of scientific inventions, chiefly electrical, till his abode became one great laboratory, and queer noises and explo sions became so frequent that the landlord gave him notice to quit or stop experiments. Discovering the passage leading to Alder wode—then vacant—he removed his apparatus to vaults there and continued his pursuits, startling away tenants by ventriloquism, optical delusions of the Pepper's Ghost type (for which he used the glass door and electrical currents). As soon as Martha had had a fair innings at the old place we removed thither, and now I defy anyone to find a brighter or more un ghostlv abode for the modest sum of £20 -do* -Fashion Novelties. 