London Tree-Ghosts. THERE are many shadows in the 1 stony hearted step mother,' which is De Quincey's phrase for London, and why not those of the vanished trees f She is a stepmother to most aspirants, yet with a fascination ol her own generation which is centrepetal. Tradition, legend, romance, hjstory, and tragedy pervade her every street, so many centuries old: but the American or the exploring pro vincial knows a hundred times more about them than the average modem Londoner, whose ignorance of his own mighty city is only equalled by his familiarity with its modern up-to-date ephemeralistns. If that satisfies him, why should the student-Londoner do more than shrug his shoulders ? But to him who has perused the story of the mighty and ancient city-more continuous in its political and social his tory than any other European capital there are innumerable ghosts in London, who pleasantly haunt him day and night, and malce him never less chronicled than any-are those of the trees. In one of his letters Lord Beaconsfield says that | one grows weary at last of mountains and lakes, however grand, but that the woodland never loses its charm. So to { us, who love to conjure up in our mind's eye the vanished aspect of some of the most crowded parts of the huge1 province covered with houses,' the ghosts of the woodland equally delight the memory. London's tree-ghosts are many. They haunt some of the places where the roar and rush of traffic would seem to banish any echo of the past. Look, for instance, 1 at St. - Martin's Lane-the name itself j suggests a backward flight over five hun dred years to piety and rusticity which marked the common life around the little city of London; and there, despite its modern aggregate of noise and prose, the tree-ghosts loom stately to the eye that can perceive them. The pleasant country lane of the Tudor days, yet even then encroached upon by buildings, winds before us. The placid charm of the garden and vine is there, in addition to the dignity of immemorial elms. Even so late as the middle of last century the former associations were facts, though the hedgerows and these towering trees had vanished. 'Rainy day' Smith, in his Life of Nollekens-a storehouse of London tradition-tells us that No. 96 in the lane had been famous in that century for its ample garden, which contained vines from whose grapes a pipe of wine had been annually made for many years by the mother of the writer's informant. And in yet more crowded and prosaic Clerkenwell there is a spot long built over, but known locally, for the same reason as ' The Vineyard.' Many ghosts haunt Smithfield, such as loom large in history, and whose memoirs are inextricably woven in the story of Eugland. Of these it were the task of genius alone to ade quately speak. But we may, in humble guise, chose as our theme the arboreal shades which the mind's eye can perceive where that of the body but sees gigantic meat-markets filled by jostling thousands on Saturday evenings. Here stood for centuries at the northern and immemorial elms of grimmest memories. For the cim was in our distant fore fathers' days the favorite natural gibbet. The associa tions of the past and present are thus gloomy-save for the cheery cawing of the rooks, who love it as a nesting-p'ace. Many an unhappy victim was hanged on those elms, the most illustrious of whom was William Wallace, shamefully done to death. Elms, however, in our London aboreil ghostland there are whose his tory is not tinged with tragedy. Such | are those which nn in a double line from Balmes House, outside Hoxton its site is now a street-and so made a charming entrance to the then pretty village, which, in its toilir.g, crowded, and squalid aspect, now owes such ro mance as it possesses of the present to Sir Walter Besant's magic pen, who paints it in his usual photographic fashion in his Children of Gideon. Some o( these elms which adorned the estate of Sir George Whitmore-whose name survives in the road in which they stood-were blown down in a great gale in the last century, and the fact was ac counted important enough to bechronicled in the periodical literature of the day. Then west, in palatial club land, are the shades of the elms in Pall Mall, and east in Finsbury Square those of the trees under which its citizens were wont to walk in the summer evenings in the fields which opened on the country. Still farther eastward, in HoundBdiich-of which the name is sufficient to those who know their London as an antithesis were 1 fine hedgegrows of elms and pleasant fields very commodious,' which Slow mentions as flourishing, forty years before his date-1603. If the dryads of the elms wander round their past dwel ling-places, how specially poignant must be their feelings in Hounsditch { | Wander we down Drury Lane into the Strand, discarding even such popular memories of th± vanished centuries as the early career of the world-known theatre and Nell Gwynn, standing as Pepys saw her, on May Day watching the Strand revelries, and let us look for another tree's shadowy presentment amid the sordid crowd of thickly tenanted houses full of the pathos of toil ind poverty. A quest unlikely, one would think, to be rewarded with success. Yet one of our ghosts is here, and could, were it able to emulate Tennyson's talk oak, far surpass,that veteran's recollec tions. For just where the narrow row of houses known as little Drury Lane com mences-some of which reveal the aspect ol the Stuart days as vividly as does the The Fortunes of Nigel-stood a mag nificent elm which was opposite an ancient inn known as ' The Crown.' A tree this was which had seen many gen erations and episodes when north of Holborn ran the fields, when Drury Lane was a fashionable locality, and my Lord Craven's drums woke its echoes from his splendid house-a tree which like the hostelry opposite it, figured in the social London life of the day. On the other side of the Strand, dull and respectable Craven-street, without a green leat is haunted by similar ghosts- 1 those of the stately row of trees which in Queen Anne's day ran downward to the Thames, and under which the couples wandered in April's ivory moonlight to | take boat on the then silvery river. The roar and din of Fleet Street, the ceutre where throbs the mighty journalism which shapes the opinions and flashes news from every corner of the earth for che millions of the English speaking raoe, would aeem sufficient to banish any memory of boughs or leaves, or thu peaeeful placidity of arboreal life. Yet to those who can aee it alike by day Aud equally busy night-for Fleet Street never sleeps-the ahade of one famous tree is imperishable. In Wine Office Court-where Goldsmith lodged when Johnson, hurriedly summoned, went after sending a guinea in advance, and finding the poet arrested at his landlady's suit, but with the guinea changed and a bottle of Madeira its result, put the cork in the bottle, and took the US. of the Vicar of Wakefield to sell to the publisher was a fig-tree with a curious history. Early, in the reign of George the Third it was planted by the Rever end Mr. Barnes, the Lecturer of St. | Bude's, where Lovelace, of I could not love thee, dear, >0 tnnch LoveJ I not houaur mora I fame lies entombed. The slip was cut from a yet more ancient fig-tree growing opposite a house to which it gave the sign in Fleet Street. This fig-tree flourished in Wine Office Court till 1820, when it was Btruck by lightning ; but it is said that from its slips many trees in various parts of the country have sprung. What a compendium of history, foreign and domestic, in those crowded years does not that vanished Fleet Street fig-tree represent I And all round the crowded purlieus of the vast Midland Railway's terminus there are many tree ghosts fitly associated with the days of Leigh Hunt, when Somers Town was charmingly rural and the dwelling-place of many remarkable men who loved its flowers, treeB, and gardens. -Chambert's. 