The Ghost-dance of the Indians. The ceremony of tho ghost-dunce differs fn some of its characteristics among various tribes ; but the object in every oase is for the performers to work themselves into the conditions of a trance. The dunce usually begins In the middle of tho afternoon or Inter,-after sundown. The announcement la made by the crierp, who go about the camp shouting loudly to the people to prepare for the dance." The people proceed to paint and dress themselves, Bfter wbloh the lenders walk out to tho selected spot, and facing in wards, join Iiando so as to form a small cirolo. Then, without moving from their places, thoy sing the opening song in a soft undertone Having flung it through once, they raise their voices to their fall strength and repeat it, this time slowly circling round in the dance. As the song rises and swells, the people come singly and in groups and join the circle, until I hoy number from fifty to five hundred men, women, and children all in the dance. Ihe unique feature of the ghoBt*dance, and tho secret of the trances, Is hypnotism. Not that theaa North American Indixn priests understand the nature of this power, though undoubtedly they aro able to practtso h. The fact that they ascribe the hypnotio phenomenon to a supernatural oause in no way interferon with the skill they evidence in plaolng persons Into the hypnotio state. The hypnotist, usually a man, stands within therng, hold ing in his hand an eagle feather, or a scarf, or handkerchief, white, black, ' or of any other oolour. Sometimes ho holds the feather In one hand and tho scarf iu ihe other. As the dancers cirole round, singing the songa in tune with the dauco step, the excitement increases until the more sensitive ones are v'sibly affected. The first indication fchab a performer is becoming hypnotised is a slight muscular tromor, distinctly folt by tho two partners who huld his or her hands on oither side. Tho medicine-man is on tho watob, and as soon us he notices the performer's condition he comea over and stands immediately in front of her (supposing tho uubjeot to be a woman), looking intently into her faco and whirling tho feather or the handkerchief, or bcth, rapidly in front of hor eyes, moving slowly round with tho dancers »t the samo time, and constantly facing tho affected sub ject. From time to timo he changes the. motion of the feather or handkerchief from a whirling to a rapid up and down motion in front oi her eyes. For awhile the subjoot continues to movo round with the cirolo of dancors, singing the Bong with the othero, but usually beforo tho clrouit is completed she loses control of herself entirely, and, breaking away from tho partnors who have hold of her hands on either Bide, she staggers into the ring, while tho cirolo at once olosos up again behind hor. She is now standing in front of tho moilicine-man, who gives his whole attention to hor, whirling tho feather swiftly in front of her eyes, waving his hands in front of her faco bb though fanning hor, and drawing his hand slowly from the level of her oyou away to ono Bido or upward into the air, wbilo her gazo follows it with a fixed stare. For a few minutes sho continues to repeat the words of tho rang and keep time with the stop, but in a htaug. ring drunken fashion. Thon tho words become unintelligible sounds and Iter movements violently t-pasmodio, until at l»Ht ahu booomoa rigid, with hor oyoa shut or fixed »nd staring, nnd stands thus uttering low pitiful moans. Sometimes tho subject falls heavily to tho ground, unconscious and motionless. Frequently a number of persons are within tho ring at onco, in oil the various staBoa of hypnotism. Tho proportion of women tltu» affected 1B about throo times that of tho men Tho doctrine and ceremony of the gliost danco found more adherents than any similar Indian religious movomont within tho liislorio period, but among most of tho trilioH ttha movomont is now extinct. Among certain of tho peoplo of Oklahoma tho ghost-daneu linn become a part of tho tribal life n:id is ntill performed at frequent intervals, al though tho feverish expectation of a few years ago has now'settled down into some thing oloaely approaching the Christian hope of a reunion with departed frionds in u happier world at soma timo in tho unknown future. Am aur« as the tmn not.a in tho east W incut's ViA.tiNO I'ov/oKK in hotter than yoatt. W. II, W'lsoi: acored two first" and a second at Flomington yestorday. 