NEVER FORGOTTEN. CHAPTER XII. It was the next evening—eight o'clock ; scene, Peterstroke Skttio-1. The night was dark and wet, and the wind blowing in great gusts, from all four quarters jf the compnss, and sending the r in into all the most sheltered nooks of the big, dripping station. The express from London was ten minutes overdue. Now it was signalled ; up went the gaslights, and then, with a ihrobing rumble and blowing off huge clouds |of white steam, in sailed the heavy train, and drew up it the platform. Scarce had it come to a standstill, and before the porters had turned a single handle, a door was flung open, and a female figure, dressed entirely in black, with a thick black veil, sprang rather than stepped out, and sped away down the platform towards the " way out." The next instant she had entered the Railway Hotel " opposite. 1 Can I have a horse and trap of any description at once ? " she asked,breathlessly, of the first person she saw, a waiter. "Well, miss, I dunno. There's a carraige ready harnessed, but it 'as been telagramed for from London by a gent as is comin' by the hexpress." "Quick, 4uick ! Every moment is precious! Can you give me a conveyance of any sort?'' The landlord came forward. " Yes, mum. We have a covered gig. Horse is put to, and you can start now." Three minutes after she was seated by the driver, and rattling down High Street. Woodbine Cottage, my man. Drive your hardest, and spare nothing. Someone will return with yoa, and if you are in time for the ten o'clock up-train, I will give you five pounds!" " Who is that driving so frantically ? asked a gentleman, as the gig left the hotel yard. There iras a railway rug over his arm, and he Lad just been talking to two men behind him muffled up in ulsters. " It's a lady from Lunnon, sir. as wanted the trap sudden," returned the ccachman, holding the door of the onehorse carriage open. They all three got in, the lamplight falling on the face of the first speaker as he did so. It was Stephen Dunn. How fur is it, sir ? " " Woodbine Cottage, Kingsleigh village, " was the answer. "How hard it rams to-night, and ho w the wind blows ! '* said Laura, as they drew their chairs closer round the fire in the cottage drawing-room. Uncle James, as they called him, was there, and a cheery little party of three they were. His genial presence usually raised the cloud somewhat that seemed to hang over the faces of his nephew and neice so resolu -,ely. Dr. Goodall h«d just gone, and had spoken more hopefully than ever of Clement's case. " I remember, when we were in the Punjaub, "said Uncle James—cutting the tip off his cigar preparatory to lighting, for he was a previlegei smoker in the drawing-room even "£ remember, during the wet season, when it poured for days together, how we used to have a fire in the long evenings and gather rouni it in a little party, just as we are here, and toll ghost stories. We were old travellers in many parts of the world, all of us, and such strange, things as I heard there you would never 