NEWS OF THE DAT. A serious riot bag occurred at Kaleoorlis. W.A. The Albani concert excursion to Mel bourne takes place to-day. At the Alfred Hall to-morrow evening the Rev. W. S. Macqueen will condnot bis fare well service. The Intercolonial Postal Conference will open at Hobart nn Monday next. By the s.s. Wollowra 20,000 oz of gold has been brought from Westralia. Several large bush fires are burning io the neighborhood of Gisborne, Charters Towers dividends for March to the present date amonnt to £35,000. Market gardeners near Oakleigh are oart iog water long distances, some as far as four mileß, from the Oakleigh standpipe. Some lands in the neighborhood of Port Fairy, which last season could hardly be rented at fid, are being eagerly taken now np to 30) per acre. The mayor of Bendigo declines to preside at a Ben Tillett lecture on the grounds that the lecturer is not a desirable visitor. , It is stated on good authority in Sydney that there is nothing very wrong with Anrum—in fact, hie damaged foot is pretty well all right again. Fifty-three of the passengers brought by the R.M.S. Australia, on which a case of Bmall-pox developed between Albany and Adelaide, are now in the Quarantine 'Station. Anew phase of the dairying industry has Bpruug np in New Zealand. It is beooming common to send cream to London in a frozen condition and have it churned there. During the last half-year the amount re ceived by the Colac Dairying Company for butter exported was £18.196, and for that sold in the colony £12,843. The sum paid for milk was £25,278. Mr Gladstone suffers from weakness of the heart, and in consequence of this affection the operation which the nature of his disease renders necessary iB considered nn^sfe. News has been received that 20 British warships are assembled at the Chinese treaty port of Chefoo, on the Straitß of Pe-cbi-li, and directly opposite tn Port Arthur, Messrs Archibald M'Farlane and Cos. re port selling, on account of Mr R. Stuart Murray, a farm of 300 acres, on the banks of Lake Oolao, for nearly £6,000. There is some splendid fishing in the Murray just now. On Thursday Mr Geo. Derris. brought into Echnoa three Murray aod weighing 1201 b, one of them tnrniog the scale at 60!b. The cost of the Cnban war from Febru ary, 1895, to the end of 1897, is offiolally estimated at £48,000,000, besides the arrears due from the Cuban Treasury, amounting to £8.000,000. Mrs K. R. Warton, nf Maryborough, states that between £14,000 and £15.000 bad passed through her bands io connection with the boarding ont of ohildrenby the State. At Wagga a movement is on foot for asserting the claims of Riverina to the federal capital and the constitution of a Riverina federal territory. The people of Riverina are enthusiastic for federation. On Wednesday night two men jumped on-' to a Marryatville tramoar near the East Park lands, Adelaide, and after pulling a bag containing £1 in Bilver and a number of tiokets off the condaotor's back, got off the oar and disappeared in the darkness. In a boxing matoh at San Francisco be tween Jem Jeffries and Peter Jaokson, the colored pugilist, who is well known in Aua tralia, the former had virtually won in the third round, when the police interfered and Btopped the fight. William Williams, aged 90 years, died at Hobart on Thursday. Ha arrived io Tas mania 70 years ago, but subsequently joined the Viotorian police, and did esoort dnty during the Bendigo ruth. He afterwards served in the Tasmanian polloe force until pensioned. A woman named Florenoe Gieeson, 22 years old, hat been found wandering at Notting: Hill, near OakHgb, in a de mented state. She was very poorly clad, and said she bad last her memory, and did not know where Bhe came from. Two children named Bertie Garvey and William Jamieson, aged four and five years respectively, have been lost in the bush at Beefwood, io the Mores district, siocetMon day last. Both attended school in the morning, and during lunch time strayed, away, and lost themselves. Search, parties are now ont. A gathering of- 2000 Maories representing the North Island of N.Z., has assembled In the King country under the presidency of King Mabuta to discuss a scheme proposed by Kaiban, a native member of the New Zealand Parliament, for the establishment of a native oounoil of 56 members to deal with the whole question of native lands. Mr Robert Hunter, aged 69, an old aod reepeoted resident of Templestowe, was found In bis paddook about two miles from the township, burnt to death. A bush firo ocourred there, and be bad evidently at tempted to stop It single-handed, bnt suc cumbed to the flames. The mail coach from Mudgee to Capertree met with a sensational acoident on Wed nesday. The mailman threw some letters to children when passing the Burrnndnlla school. One, blowing in front of the horses, oaußed them to plnnge and break the traoe. The driver was pulled out of the coach, which passed over him. The vehiols then collided with a fence, throwing ont the pas sengers, a woman and a boy, the latter being' severely injured. Alarming news was reaeived from New castle at an early hour on Friday morning to tbs effeot that at 11 o’olook the previous night the fire in the Dudley colliery was dlsoovered to be rapidly spreading, and that it had been found necessary to abandon operations. On reaeipt of information relat ing to the spread nf the fire, a consultation took place, with the result that all hands were withdrawn from the mine. A oyolist named M'Kinnon was rather seriously hurt by reason of bis machine getting ont of bis control when going down, a hill near Hepbnrn, at the foot of which Is a dangerous tnrn. He bad to be taken to the hospital. This hill is In the territory of the Mount Franklin Shire Council, a body which recently refused the offer of the League of Yiotorian Wheelmen to provide gratuitously danger boards for ereotion at places similar to where this acoident oo currsd.' ' Dnribg the past few days some Individual bas been playing ghost, appearing at various places distant from- two to ' four miles from Avoca, Already five persons have seen the '* apparition,” which they report to be of tall stature, clothed In white, and with a long black beard. He issues suddenly from the darkness, and disappears by means of tremendous leaps and bounds. He is said to jump fences with the- greatest nf ease. Latterly trailers by the roads in tho neighborhood referred to have taken to carrying firearms with a view of getting a shot at the spectre, bnt so far no chance has occurred. 