MUSIC. In will come as a surprise to many to learn that Mr. J. A. Delany baa Just sent In bis resignation as conductor of tbe Sydney JAedertafel. Details bave not transpired. Probably considerations ot health, and heavy professional duties have influ- enced Mr. Delany's action. It was In 1885 that Mr. Delan.v succeeded Herr Max Vogrlch as tbo Liedertafel's conductor. Air. F. II. Jones, AIus, Bac., Adelaide, was, at Monday's rehearsal, introduced to tbe members of the Sydney Hedertafel. Felicitous speeches were made by Air. James Robertson (bou. secretary) and Air. J. A. Delany. The latter referred to his long friendship with Mr. Jones, and congratula ted him as the first Australian-made graduate in music. Air. Strachau, of tho Dunedin Liederta- fel, was also present, and received a hearty wel come. In n letter to Mr. John Daure, Afr. Barton M'Guckin, writing on board the Ormuz at Co lombo, states that a successful concert was given on tho 17th ult. in tho Ceylon capital by himself and tho Ilambourg brothers. Mark Hambourg played Leschetitzki's "La Source" and "Tarau- tellc," and closed the concert with a Chopin Noc turne and the A flat Ballade. JakofE Ilambourg selected a Hungarian dance by Hubay, and the Wieniawskl "Legend©," and together tho bro thers played some Grelg and Beethoven music. Mr. M'Guckin touched not the ordinary ballad, but sang Raff's "Serenade" and some Brahrn and Schubert lJeder. " The 'Ktng'bf Sweden has conferred upon Lady Hallo tho great gold medal of arts, set in dia monds, given in personal audience — a very rare distinction. Tho distinguished violinist has, In conjunction with Mr. Leonard Borwlck, given three crowded concerts in "The Venice of llie North," and has been received with Immense enthusiasm. It is reported that the great pianist, D' Albert, has completed arrangements to visit America, where ho will open an extended tour in New York, November 15 of this your. Another pianist much sought after, tbe young Russian, Gab- rilowitsch, bus been engaged to play lu America for the sum of one hundred thousand dollars. Last Wednesday Miss Elsie Hall gave a suc- During the evening the talented pianist was pre sented with ail illuminated address by Too- wocmba citizens. "Les Troyens," tho second half of Berlioz's double drama, has been performed In Manchester by the Halle Band and choir, under the direction of Mr. F. II. Cowen, to whom the credit belongs of introducing this work into England. It has been an enormously costly business. It Involved tbe purchuso of expeualve scores and parts, the cost of getting the work specially translated and printed, the acquisition of the sole lights for its performance In England, and the payment of six principal vocalists, of whom Mdme. Duma and Mr. Lloyd were the chief. Hitherto there bus been no attempt at an adequate presentation of "Les Troyens;" but. imperfectly as it is known, it is regarded as worthy to take Its place in the world's repertory side by side with the masterpieces of Wagner. All the marvellous ouergy of Berlioz's lust years was used in its composition, and all the shattered hopes of his lifetime were resuscitated In view of its pro duction. On tho 4th November, 1803, it was produced at the Paris Opera, and the perform ances, which went on only a few days, were a bitter disappointment to the unhappy composer. Artistically it was a failure, owing to the stingy management, and the wretched and unpopular old man was hissed and hooted nightly as ho took his place as conductor. Like many another composer, Hector Berlioz's honors have been posthumous, and now his countrymen :egard him as a great creative composer. The first part of "Les Troyens" ("La Prise de Troic") describes the manner in which the city of Priam fell into the hands of the Greeks. In the music drama, Berlioz, as an enthusiastic student of Virgil, follows the tale of the Aenetd closely. It is incarnated in the form of the sad virgin, Cassandra. In vain she warns her people of their doom. They persist in drag ging up the Wooden Horse from the sea beach, where it. was left by the Greeks. The climax of the last act is terrific. Aeneas, warned by tbe ghost of Hector of the approaching doom of Troy, escapes; but the rest of the Trojans fall victims to the swords of the Greeks, in a scene of indescribable carnage and terror. Cassandra and the Trojan women, driveu to take shelter in the temple of Cybele. slay themselves rather than fall into the hands of their captors. In the second division of the work ("Les Troyens a Carthage") human interest is paramouut. The appearance of Aeneas at Carthage, the loVe of Dido, the summons of Mercury. Aeneas' depar- .1 , nn hmIa,, Altai ,1/,'lfll \f nilln UFA line, UIIU tue pjiosiuii «HU ... — - ileplcteil in a series of scenes of suuli plc- 'turosquencss and power, such luugor und pathos, as would be difficult to match outside the ilneBt pages or Wagner, it is something to have had Berlioz' "Faust" presented In Sydney. AVheu Will we hear "Les Troyens?" Here is a poetical equivalent, author unknown, of Chopin's Nocturne lu C. minor, which a cor respondent sends: — Paint through 'the twilight mazes. Shimmers one palpitant stur; Eultit through the woodland mazes. The Angelus sounds afar. . Only the brook's murmur golden, Falls on the wanderer's ear; .Voices of memories olden, The soul holds breath to hear. Voices of joy and sorrow, Vanished and fur away. As the dawn of the sun bathed morrow Seems from tills dying duy. When faint through the twilight hazes. Shimmers eve's palpitant slur, And faint through the woodlumi tuazeB The Augelus dies ufup. 