THE €K0STa€F WOODSTOCK One of tlie best stories Ot a haunted -•house is' bhat wh&h; is related of the Royal Palace , at Woodstock in the year "when the commissioners sent from London by the Long Parliament to take possession -of it and efface ail the emblems of Royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their, •fear of the devil; and the annoyances tb$y suffered from a roguish caValier,who played ! Abe imp to admiration. The comtnissionere, r -dreading at that time no devil, arrived at Woodstock on the 13th of October, 1649- {They took up their lodgings, in the late iKing's apartments, turned the beautiful ibedrooms and withdrawing rooms into kitchens and sculleries; the couocU-haU into a brew-bouse, and made the diningcoom a place to keep firewood in. Tb«y pulled down all the insignia of Royal State, And treated with the utmost indignity, eveiything that recalled to their memory the name of the King. One Giles Sharp accompanied them in the capacity of clerk, and seconded their efforts apparently with, the greatest zeal. He aided them to uproot « noble old tree; merely because it was called the King's oak, and tossed the fragments into the dining-room to make cheerful fires for the commissioners. During the first two days they heard some strange noises about the house, but they paid no great attention : to them. On the third, however, they began to suspect they had got into bad company ; for they heard, as they thought, a supernatural dog under their bed, which gnawed their .bedclothes. On the next day the chairs and tables began to dance, apparently of their own ac- cord. On the fifth day something came into the bed-chamber and walked up and down, and fetching the warming-pan out of the wifahdrawing-room made so much noise with it that they thought five church bell's were ringing in their ears. On the sixth day the plates and dishes were thrown up and •down the dining room. On the seventh day they penetrated into the bedroom in company with several logs of wood, and usurped the soft pillows intended for the commissioners. On the eight and ninth nights there was a cessation of hostilities, but on the tenth the bricks in the chimueyt became locomotive, and rattled and danced about the floors and round the heads of the •commissioners all the night long. On the eleventh the demon ran away with their breeches, and on the twelfth filled their beds so iull of pewterplatters that they could not get into them. On the thirteenth night the glass became unaccountably seized with a fit of cracking, and fell into shivers in all jparta of the bouse. On the fourteenth 1there was a noise as if forty pieces of artillery had been fired off and a shower oi jpebble-stones, which so alarmed the commissioners that, "struck with ereat horror, |they cried out to one another for help." •pChey first of all tried the efficacy of prayers jto drive away the evil spirits, but, these {proving unavailing, they began seriously to ^reflect whether it would not be much ibetber to leave the place altogether to the Idevil that inhabited it. They ultimately iresolved, however, to try it a little longer, .iand having craved forgiveness of all theii cine betook themselves to bed. That night they slept in tolerable comfort, but it was merely a trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When on the sue- -ceeding night they heard no noises they began to flatter themselves that the devil -•was driven out, and prepared accordingly to Jtake up their quarters for the whole winter •in the palace. These symptoms on their part became the signal for renewed uproar among the fiends. On the 1st of November they beard something walking with a blow and solemn pace up and down the with- -drawing-room, and immediately afterwards « shower of stones, bricks, mortar, and broken glass pelted about their ears. On the 2nd the steps were again heard in the •withdra wintr-room, Bounding to their fancy •very much like the treading of an enormous '• >bear, which continued for about a quarter -of an hour. This noise having ceased, a large warming-pan was thrown violently ®pon the table, followed by a number ol etonesand the jawbone of a horse. Some -of the boldest walked valiantly into the witbdrawing-room armed with swordB and .pistols, but could discover nothing. They were afraid that night to go to sleep, and -sat op making fires in every room, and burning candles and lamps in great abun dance, thinking that as the fiends loved darkness they would not disturb a company surrounded with so much light. They were deceived, however, buckets' of water came -down the chimheyB and extinguished the fires, and'the candies were blown out, they knew not how. Some of the servants, who &a;<l betaken themselves to bed, 'were drenched with, putrid ditch water as they •lay. and arose , in • great. fright*, mattering incoherent: prayer*, and exposing to the ^wondering eyeiaof thecommissioperstheir linen all dripping with green moisture, and Itheir knuckles ted with the blows,they had . *t the same time received, frpm&omein; visible tormentors. ,YVhile they were still speaking there was a' noise like the loudest thonder or the firing Of a whole parkof artillery, upon. which they all fell down upon their knees and implored the protec 4aon of the Almighty. < One of the cammisBipnera then a^oee, the ., others still kneeling, andafckedin a c^ura jjeous voice anil in 'name was there, and what they had dOne.that .they should be troubled In that'manner, v ' ' I * J | o . a n d !tiie oolseK '' r '".'leased'$$Awhile. .Atfenj^>'tiWever,'.M fcbmmleisipiiere -*^the Jdevil own:' again, and brought with < < it seven devils •worse than itself." ^ Being again in darkness, they ligfated a, caqd^sand placed it in; the doorway -that it. might ,throw, a - light 1 upon the two chambers at once,; butrit was suddenly blown; put, and one commi^iensr said that he had * seen the similtude of a horse's hoof strikidg the candle and candlestick into the middle ot the chamber, and' afterwards making three escapes on the snuff to put it out." Uj>on this the same; person was so bold as to draw his sword ; bat he asserted positively that be had j hardly withdrawn it from the scabbard I ** fo «> an invisible hand Seised held of i* and tugged wtfh hm^for it. and, prevailj stxwjb.pi so violent a btowwithjthe pommel thai he was quite etanned Then the noises began a^un, npon which, with one accord, they all retired into the presence chamber, where they passed the night praying and singing psalms. They were by this time convinced that it was! useless to struggle any longer with the) powew of evil, that seemed determined to! make Woodstock tbsir own. These things' happened on the Saturday night, and, being repeated on the .Sunday, they determined to leave the place immediately and return to London. By Tuesday morning early all theii preparations were completed, and, shaking the dust off their feet, and devoting Woodstock and all its inhabitants te the infernal gods, they finally took their departure, Many years elapsed before the true cause of these disturbances was discovered. It was ascertained at the Restoration that th? whole was the work of Giles Sharp, the trusty clerk of the commissioners. This man, whose real name was Joseph Collins, was a concealed Royalist, and bad passed lii3 early life within the bowers of Woodstock, so that he knew every bole and corner of the place, and. the numerous trapdoors and secret passages that abounded in (he building. The commissioners, nevei suspecting the true state of his opinions, but believing him to be revolutionary to the backbone, placed the utmost reliance upon him ; a confidence which he abused in the manner above detailed to his own great amusement and that of the few cavaliers whom he let into the secret. 