The Plaza of Santa Marta. A STORY OF THE CUBAN INSURREC TION. Br H. BINDLOSS, Author of Rising of _ the Brass Men, &c.; Two men, ragged and trarel-stained, lay sleeping the Jeep sleep of utter weariness on the bare floor of u old Spanish tower in the island of Cuba. The one with bis bead resting in the angle of the wall and a newly healed ?car showing wbite upon bis sunburnt forehead, was Charles K Marshall, an American journalist on the staff of a paper which supported the cause ol the Cuban Insurgents, and indeed of revo lutionaries all the world over, with the usual vigor of a transatlantic journal. He had made part of a campaign with the Insurgents, in search of accurate details, which be had got, more In fact than he cared about; and eventually, together with his companion, Don Jaime , de La Costa, a leading revolutionary, fell into the hands of the Spanish authorities when the troops stormed Lagunitas entrenchments. . Ola coropanero, wake up-it is already dawn.' With these words ring ing in his ears, the American raised bimseli stiffly on one elbow and gazed sleepily about him. Tben memory came back with a pang, and as bis eyes fell upon the set lace of La Costa be realised that this was the last time either would wake from sleep, for both lay under the sentence of death. By degrees the gray light grew clearer, until at length a single golden beam streaming through the narrow window quivered upon the rough masoniy; and dragging himself towards the barred opening^ for he was aebing in every limb, Marshall looked out upon the sunrise-the last sunrise be would ever see Beneath him lay broad fields of sugar cane, rolling away in lAsh green waves before the morning breeze towards a wall of misty mountains which rose against the eastern sky. Here and there flat-topped, white-walled quintas nestled among groves of orange and nispero trees and bfoad-leaved bananas; while the faint air that entered the cpll seemed cooled with dew and heavy with (be fragrance of flowers. Under the feathery palms which fringed the broad high- road, the white dust lay moist and still, and out of their blue green shadow came the tinkling of mule-bells and a clear voice chanting the chorus of a vintage song; while the merry laughter of children echoed across the wet sword-blades of the sugar-cane. The American ground his heels into the boards. The world seemed very good that morning-a place of light and sunshine; and yet before the rising sun had crossed the n>eridian, he, now so full of life, would be flung like a dog into a shallow trench, amid bubbling quicklimc-and he shuddered at the thought. ' This is what you get for interfering in other people's troubles-yellow fever, risk of drowning, a wound when the troops stormed the trenches, and now ugh-a white wall and a firing party,' he muttered half aloud; and La Costa, who was proud of his knowledge of English-or rather American-answered: ' Ah my frent, it is the fortune of war -all the same in fifty year-and wc die in a good cause.' Even then Marshall could not but admire the soldierly grace of his com panion, as the latter Sung his arms above his head, showing bis broad chest and long straight limbs-a fine type of the old Spanish blood, the American thought; and he tried to smile in reply. But it was an unsatisfactory ghost of a smile, for the journalist had no desire to die just then-in a good cause, or other wise. Besides, having seen the Spanish troops, mostly poor hill peasants, torn 'rom their homes by a ruthless conscrip tion, dying like flies in pestilential swamps, and dropping out or the ranks in scores on every scorching much to die by the wayside, yet bearing starvation and sickness with heroic fortitude; he was by no means so sure as he was in the beginning that the revolutionary party monopolised the virtues of courage and endurance. Neither was he so absolutely convinced of the goodness of the cause. After all, he thought, La Costa was right; it would be all the same in fifty years,' ready, present, fire,' a well directed volley, the sting of a bullet-and afterwards darkness and oblivion. Then the fear came that it might not be a well-directed volley; for he had seen some ghastly sights that campaign; men, half slain by the bung ling aim of recruit battalions, done to death by rifle butt or bayonet thrust. Anyway, there was no escape now; he must make the best of it, and if the in surgent could take things philosophically, he would too. Presently the Cuban also approached the window, and point ing to a distant hillside where tall palms rose clearly against the morning blue, observed: . There are our friends, the Marlines column. It is not far, and yet they do not know-and to-day we die. Ay dt mif After this oame silence, and, for what .Milled hours and hours, the American sat with bis head in bis hands, antil there was i hammering at the door, and a Spanish aoldier stood on the threshold, beckoning with his finger. Their time had come; and pulling himself together, Uarshall stepped oat into the glare of tropic sunlight. Half a company of Oazadores Oana rioa, consoripU from the voleauio rocks of TeneriSe and Grand Canary, marched in front with fixed bayonets, and half a company followed behind; the niekel buttons of their dull green uniforms and the brass medallions on their clumsy kepis glinting ita the sun. When they reached the little town, the narrow streets lay baking with fer vent beat A eloud of hot dust, stirred up by the tread of marching feet, pow dered the Oazadores, taming their green to gray; and every flat azotea roof and narrow sidewalk was crowded with white-clad citizens, all revolutionaries at heart, who scowled at the Spanish troops from beneath their broad-rimmed hats. The sunlight flashed baek from slip pery stones and white walls, and Mar shall pushed his battered etraw hat; down on bis forehead to shut out the J dazzling brightnees and the eager gaze of the crowd; but La Costa drew his crimson saah tighter round his ragged garments, and ewung his oestly Panama to the ground, as a lew murmur of sym pathy and pity roee from the epeetators, while the eyes of the women grew dim, and many m swarthy Cuban felt a chok ing in his throat. Then the murmur changed into a Seres growl of hate and defiance, and the crowd pressed forward, their hands upon the hafts of their long knives. A hoarse voice railed the cry * Viva la Oubal Viva La Costs! Viva 1M Amerioanoa I' and it echoed from man to man down all the winding street, until the listless air seemed full of the aound; hot the front rank of the Oata doree swung tbeir bayonet* to the charge, and the march went on. Steadily the line of bright bayonet* and dull green uniform* pressed on be tween rows of item face* aud pitying eyes, past gardens filled with fragrant flowere, and boothB piled high with lus ciou* fruit. At laat iii Croat of the Alcalde'* house, where the Spaniih flag hung in drooping fold* of blood and gold, a creaking mule-cart lumbered scroti the way, and the perspiring troop* halted to let it paaa. Then, with Spanish courtesy, the crowd opened up, and a woman came forward, followed by a dark-haired little girl, carrying * heavy vase of wine and a bouquet of heliotrope. Aa the child paued between the *oldiera, a sergeant thruit hi* rifle barrel in ber way, but a young lieutenant put it aside with hi* aword, and amiled down upon her a* she went fearlessly forward, and, lifting her olive-tinted face, banded La Ooita the wine. The Cuban took it from her and stood bare-headed in the fierce sunlight, a picturesque scarecrow of a man, unkempt and ragged, but with the grace of Old Castile showing in every movement. Then, after touching the vase with his lips, he passed it to Marshall, and picking the child up, kissed her on either cheek as he took the flowers from the little brown hand. ' Eobre La Costa, pobre Americano, dele uno tambien (give him one too),' she said, and placing her gently on the ground again, with a 'Graciu miaamia,' he smiled M be banded the American a spray of tbe scented blossom. Marshall felt his eyelids quiver, and a kind of gasping sob rose from the crowd ; but at a sharp word of command the dusty troops moved forward down tbe winding street. A cracked bell began to toll, and as its harsh vibration rose on the heated air, a deep silence fell on the spectatots, the jingling of arms and tbe tramp of heavily shod feet sounding hollow and strange. ' It is the good priests of Santa Mart*; they say the mass for our rest,' said La Costo quietly to his companion, crossing himself «s he spoke. By-and-by the troops swung out into the wide sunlit Plaza, where, at the head of a scanty battalion of Cazadores, a little stout colonel of infantry waited their coming ' Stand the dogs there. You have ten minutes to make ready, then you die. First you shall see where you lead your followers,' was all he said in answer to Marshall's protests that he was an American citizen, and the two were rudely thrust back. The scene was a striking one. Three double lines of Cazadores formed the sides of i hollow square, the front rank facing outwards towards the restless crowd, the rear turning inwards with rifles at the shoulder. A seething mob surged to and fro beyond. Every flat housetop swarmed with spectators, while against the white walls of the church of Santa Maria, which formed the fourth side, stood four ragged peasants with handkerchiefs bound round their eyes, whose crime might have been the de stroying of bridges or possibly the supplying of fugitives with food and shelter. Every weathered tile, and the gray house- leeks along the red roof, stood out with sharpness against the azure. The intense sunlight lit up every detail of the stained white clothing of the trembling wretches who waited their end, the lofty cross over the gable of the church throwing a black shadow upon the heated flags at their feet I Oorse that bell-will it never oeese f aud the officer as the monotonous jarring note filled the Plaza with it* vibration*. Then La Oosta . turned towards the crowd, but Mora be oould speak, a ser geant smote him in the faoe with tbe hilt of hi* aword bayonet and the blood flowed from his mouth. An angry cry and a his* broke from the mob, and they surged wildly forward, anatching out tbeir knives^ only to reooii again before tbe flashing line of steel a* the Oasadores bayonets came down at the charge to the level of thrir breasts. Now the time bad coma, and there was no possible escaps, the American felt all hesitation drop from him, and, like one in a dream, watehed the troops who formed the third side of the square unfixing bayonets and bringing their rifles to the nip. Presently a low arched door opened in the wall of tbe church, and as the odour of incenn drifted out, mingled with the sound of the organ, a priest in bis vestments stepped forth from the shadowy interior and strode towards the colonel. 18top-in*be name of the church-it is Morilege-and thou ahalt do no murder,' be aaid fearlenly; but tbe plump colonel only laughed, cruelly answering: II do justice and not murder,' then turning aside disdainfully gave the order: ' Take that man away.' Two Cazadores forced the indignant padre back, and a great hush fell on the crowd. Breathing hard, Marshall list ened to the sound of the chanting and the dfOBP of the organ, while the harsh tones of the bell grated on his quivering nerves. Then the rifle barrels flashed in the sunlight and came home to the tfiQtylcjer with a rattle-the colonel droppe4 hi$ ffprg point, and a voice called ' Tira.' A crackle of red flame blazed out, followed bp a crgsh of a volley as the rifle muzzles jerked upward, and a heavy wreath of blue stqo|» rolled across (hg (tees of the crowd. Marshall felt th? blood stsnd still in his veins, and for a moment dared not turn his head. When he did so, he saw one of the peasants fallen on his knees tearing with both hands at his side. Two of his comrades ljjiy Jjfce downwards on the hot flags, motionless heaps of tattered clothing; and a /ourtn,'with blood trickling from him, and bis face gray liWe tobies, leaned back against the wall, his head slowly drooping forward, and his limbs quiver ing beneath him. A howl of rage like the snarling ol a pack of wolves, a cry of hate that boded little good to the oppressors when their turn came, rose from the mob, and Mar shall saw the stout colonel shudder as he listened ; but the glittering wall of steel met them, turn which way they would, and they stamped and fumed in impotent fury. The American lost his head with horror and indignation, and in the most powerful Spanish he could muster cursed the colonel before all his men, including: ' Brutes - cold - blooded murderers of unarmed men! A civilised nation cannot look on and see helpless peasants propped against walls and shot like wild beasts. Wait a little, and you will hrar the roar of American guns, and see the Stars and Stripes over Havana and Matanzas 1' A yell of ' Bravo Americano 1' rose from the frantic mob; but the colonel looked on unmoved. ' What does he ?ay f he asked a lieutenant. ' Ah, is it «o. All the English are mad, and most of the American* too.1 Biting his lipa, the journalist lapsed iDto silence, feeling that at last he conld underatand desperate men using dyna mite with awful effect on crowded troop trains, and when a sergeant of Gandores gripped his shoulder, be turned upon the man so fiercely that, unarmed as he was, the soldier dropped his hand. Then the colonel pointed with his ?word, and Marshall closed his eyei when he beard a hoarse voioe say: 1 Two files forward and finish the dog*,' and in spite of his own peril he turned sick and faint as he heard a long-drawn 'Ah!' rise from the crowd, and the sharp clash of bayonets against the stone*-he knew what it meant for be bad seen such things before. Side by side the two men walked for ward at a signal from an officer, and when they turned in front of the church a sergeant came forward with cloths in his hand, but the Cuban waved bim back. 1 Good-bye, my friend. We have fought a good fight together-and to-day we rest side by side-it is well,' said La Costa, as after the manner of the Span iards he threw his arm round the Ameri can's shoulder, then took the place pointed out. With dry lips and parched throat, Marshall drew himself up and glanced | at the insurgent who stood bareheaded in the sunlight, erect and proud, holding the flowers lightly in his hand, and his eyes filled as La Costa caught his look and smiled. Then, with defiance in his gaze, he turned and faced the rifles. There was a clicking of levers, and the empty shells rattled out upon the stones -the breach blocks closed with a clatter, and for a few moments there was a har rowing pause, while the troops waited the word to tire. Suddenly Marshall felt the blood stir madly in every pulsing artery, for above the continuous drone of the organ a rattle of riflery rang out, somewhere behind the town, followed by a sound he knew so well, the continual' rip rap, rip rap' of repeaters. ? Winchester rifles, thank Heaven 1' he shouted aloud. ' Must be the Martinez column,' then his voice broke off sud denly, for he remembered that in a few minutes more it would matter little to him whether the insurgent forces ar rived or not. A confused murmur rose from the crowd, which swayed to and fro like the waves of a sea; then there was a great clattering of hoofs down the stony street, and presently two mounted officers broke through the mob, striking right and left with the flat of their swortfe to clear a passage, and reined in their lathering horses by the colonel's side. A bugle-call echoed through tho^laza; the square of green uniforms broke up and swung round, changing into a long line of fours; and while the astonished pri soners tried to collect their scattered senses, the last files of the Cazadores swung out of the Placa at the double, and, their footfalls growing fainter and fainter, disappeared down a narrow street Marshall rubbed his eyes to see if he were asleep, but there was no mistaking the ceaseless rattle of (he Winchester re peaters, smuggled over from the United States for the use of the rebels, or the feeble return fire in the deeper report of the Spanish rifles. Then a great shout rose from the crowd: ' Viva Ip Cuba I Viva la revolution P It was all so strange and sudden that now the peril was past the American felt as weak as a child, and dropped limply against the wall, hardly daring to believe his ears, and looking about with vacant eyes. A scantily-clad, sun-browned peasant woman crept softly forward, and throw ing herself down on the scorching stones, rocked to and fro over a crimson-stained face which lay still and white upon her lap, and answered neither word nor sign to her despairing cries and bitter tears. A priest came out of the shadowy doorway, and touching her shoulder, lifted the woman gently to her feel, while a procession of dark-robed clerics carried their silent burdens away, the cro*d opening up and standing bare headed as they passed, and Marshall shivered as a woman's piercing shrieks rang in his ears. Presently the distant sound of march ing feet rose from the streets beyond, drawing steadily nearer and nearer, to a running accompaniment of Vivas / and shoifts of delight, until it swelled into the measured ' tramp, tramp1 of a large battalion, mingled with the clash of stee) sheath? and the jingle of arms. iart the enthusiastic rqob split up, and amid bursts of cheering, the head of the Insurgent cpli)nm swung into (he Plaza through a rolling cloud of dust, On they came, four by four, and com pany by company, swarthy, sun-scorched men, ragged and tattered, powdered with dust and grimed with smoke ; line after line of broad-brimmed Panama hats and red sashes defiling out of the narrow streets; and as the ragged companies wheeled into line across the broad Plaza the American could hardly repress a smile at the curious collection of arms. Some carried Winchester repeaters, some Spanish military rifles, others breech loading shot-gui s, or single barrel rouzde loaders; while a few had nothing but a big cavalry sabre belted round their waist. The journalist knew however that, although appearances were by no means in their favour, tbis same battalion had beaten the J>est of the Spanish troops in the open field. Meanwhile there was a pandemonium of laughing, shouting, and cheering, for, with true Spanish versatility, the feelings of the citizens had changed from horror and hatred to the wildest merriment and enthusiasm. An eager crowd drove forward along the face of the line, thrust ing bunches of luscious fruit and vases of wine before them, as they struggled to be first with their gifts; and poor peon labourers gaily invested their last centimo in copitat de carta, and only laughed when the swaying of the mob spilled the liquor from the quaint cylindrical glasses before they could reach tbe aide of the thirsty soldiers. At last the leader, with his toes stick ing through the end of his worn-out shoes, strode forward, pushing aside the enthusiastic group who forced their gifts and attentions on La Costa and the American, grasped their hands, saying: ' Comrade, I salute you,' and caught toe Insurgent in his arms. Afterwards tbe journalist was heartily glad to witbdmr with him for rest and shade, into the eool patio of the Alcalde's house, the worthy having been ejected with scant ceremony. That night a banquet was sjweajl beneath the broad leaves of the bananas in the wide patio, and though there'was not much to eat-there never is ift the ttack of marching troops-^there '»?» abundance of wine, the splash$f fountains, and the scent of jasmine (Ml heliotrope. La Costa and the Amerku occupied the place of honour, but all the wild merriment, the shrieks of the poor peasant woman, as she saw'ljar murdered husband carried away, rangiii Marshall's ears, and he shuddered M thfe ruddy wine, for his nerves were shtakety and the ghastly seen in the Plaza rose UP before him in all its grim details. It does so yet at times, in the ailebt watcRef of the night -Chambers'. f, 