OUR TELEPHONE. Oocc again, please 1 Give us & . word with tbe newly-appointed Jtnflpeotor of Nuisances. Hut he's too busy Fin afraid— sprucing blm- self up for the new billet. The last that was seen of him he was holding a brush In one hand and a copy of the Municipal By-laws in the other ! — Never mind about that. We have no desire to pry into our public officers' private affairs; we only want the Inspector in 'his official capacity, eo ring him up at once. Oh 1 alright. We've switched him. Congratulations, Mr. Swan ! Now that you have won the contest we hope that your multifarious official duties will not detract from your proverbial urbanity, and that you will be ever ready, as heretofore, to afford information to the press. The press be hanged ! You fellows get hold of too much ! Where did you get that infor mation about my intentions — Steady, Mr. Inspector! Steady, if you please, or we shall report you to the Mayor for being insolent to a ratepayer. Whew I This is a good start. What'll it be when I got round amongst the backyards ? Sublime, sir ! Positively sublime ! Yes! From the sublime to the ridiculous! Ah ! ah ! ah ! But wliaf do you want me for ? Time's precious now, you know. \Vell-' we want to know a number of things. But, ii\the first place, our worthy local tailor informs us that he has received an order for a uniform, to he worn by the Inspector of Nuisances in future. Is that so ? \- Er— er — well, you see, (they tell me that the uniform would 5 carry, -.weight- and, sure enough, it would when t was inside it— and also that W .officials ..of the municipality should be distinguished from the common citizens. So that's you: idea of the uniform, is it? If you would accept a suggestion, we would advise that' you also have a silver plate affixed to jour cap— 01 carried on your 44 manly buzzum,' a la Bungay Billy— hearing the magic letters, I.N., H;0., D.I., P.O., etc. Our friend Tom would make this at a small cost, and as friend Boxvn&n; has returned from the land of ghosts he would take you in your new uniform, and the sHe of tbe photos, would more than defray tie whole cost of the turn out. And you think that the tin plate would add distinction to my official position ? For a moral certainty it would. And if you could prevail on the Council to have your title altered to that of Inspector-General of the Municipality, we think that it would add just the necessary tone to your position. Ting! ting! * * * Are you there, Exah≱ ! Right ! Who do you require ? Some of those Cemeteries Trustees, who are scattered all over the district ! You're soon served, about a score wait In fear and trembling; Good day, gentletien! Have you had a look at the state ol the Cemeteries lately. Complaints have reached us from all parts lamenting over the state of these places. Well, now, Ahem ! What do you mean by 44 lately?' ; Have you been there during tbe past year? Let us see. Well,. to be candid, very few of us have ever seen the Cemeteries before or since our appointment ! We thought so, judging by their appearance. Weeds, rotting and burnt fences, and tipsy tombstones make up the uninviting record. But what have we* got to do with that, we have no funds, nnd wc are not paid salaries ? Got to do with it. Read up the duties of Trustees. As for funds, that little matter could be easily arranged with the relatives of those buried in the Cemeteries1. . Well ! Well ! We never knew that the Trustees had anything to do beyond allowing their names to be Gazetted, and be called trustees! v Weii we hope yob w iff .take the hint and see' if something can be done to repair the fences and have the cemeteries cleared, and put in a state fit to be called 44 God's Acre,' instead of leaviug them in the wild state they are to be found at present. Ting ! ting ! * * « Hello ! Exchange 1 0 k. What's your faucy this time ? One of the Kimbriki Progress Committee ? Can't switch one on. Think they are all down at the river- celebratiug the double event ! Try our Bnrrill Creek correspondent ! No good. He's there to ! This is strange ! But what is the double event they have all gone to ? Why ! the opening of the. Kill&warra; and ; Bun-ill Creek bridges 1 . Eh ! What's that ? No larks l or I'll report you girls. Well ! you -would think they had all they require out that way, they are so quiet. Wait, here's one for you. Good day, Mr. Chronicle, hope you're well? Same to you. How's the Progress Com mittee getting on? First-class, nothing for it to do now. Got all our wants supplied for the present ! Indeed ! What about the Kill&warra; and Burvill Creek Bridges, are they finished ? Begorra, then, I quite forgot those two little items, in my studying up the cream business. Now that you have reminded me, I think it would be as well if we h&d; & meeting and jogged up our member, who seems to have gone to sleep, like us, and forgot all about those two little jobsl Glad we managed to catch you, and think it would be just as well if our Wingham Council woke up on this subject too. I'm off to see the President, so good-bye ! That's the idea ! Ting! Ting. ^ 