OOBBESPONDBNOE. TO. CORRESPONDENTS. ^ " Anxious/'-—Whitewash made as follows will suit your purpose:—Hot lime, one-third : of a buoket, and boiling water one-third. 8tir while thelime is slaking, add balance of water to make up buoketful of whitewash, in which dissolve oneliahdful of sugar and alike quantity of salt. "gtrainthrough aUne-sieve. aind use as j warm as possible. Two bueketfuls should be ; sufficient. ■ " ■ - "Tni.tio/'--rl7 Seneca, Franklin, ^Washing ton'Irviug, Locke/Dr. Thomas Browne, and numerous, others have~written essays on -"-happiness." FTbe^^-Art-of^dlappineas^Ay^ Blatchford, containing interesting essays on various aspects of the subject, .was published lately from the "Clarion*^-Office.- Our cor jespondent also asks for a recipe for making caramel backing. . "Argus," Birds ville.—Australian Stamp Oompany, Box 203, G.P.O., Adelaide. " Wager."—The road from Adelaide to Mouht Barker does not go through Little hampton. : ^ —J|Au—Old—Subscriber.——Yes;- you—may claim a week's rent if you gave the tenant a week's notice to quit. ' Poly Tickle," Kalgoorlie.—1. The Hon. J. the Legislative Council. 2 and 3. Yes. "A. T."—Wo bars no opening forl_ypj8r_ oontributions. — "A Workman."—Write.—stating^the^aots -of—the case, to the —Inspector-General of-j Sobools, and he will no doubt cause full -ofbjuirv In hAmado? ~ - Subscriber."—To polish buliock-hoins" scrape them towards the point. Glass will not do, as it is .apt to break and leave scratches. When satisfied that you have left no scratches burn a piece of wood, and pro-~ cure a teaoUpful of ash. Grind it into a powder and mix with soft soap until you have a fine paste, tlpread on a piece of ■ flanneland-) polish the horns with the mixture. "Shareholder."—The Secretary to the -Cumberland-:G.M.^Co.—informs us that the ielcgram which". you; refer to. was received otrj -March 3 and—" not several days ago," The information in the message wafT of so bald a nature that the Directors decided to telegraph "for further particulars before publishing the news. The further particulars were received on F rid a v and are published in another columfi^j of this issue. "Enquirer."—1. ileeswax is Ueaned and mclted thus:—Tie tlte wax up in a piece of muslin and boil in water till .the wax has melted. Remove, the refuse, and leave the -wax floating on the water. Let it cool very "siqwly- toaltowthefmpumjeB tosettle in-the water. 2.—To keep moths from the lining of horse" collars and saddles procure-a—small quantity of corrosivesublimate and paint it on the lining. The solution should nofcbe over Btrong, or it will injure the skin of thebor.se. " Puzzled."—Sir Charles Todd has cour teously supplied the following reply to your questionsThe aziinuthal points at which_ the sun rises and sets depend-on-the sun's declination, i.e., the distance north and south of lbe"Equatorr~&^d"Onth-o—latitude ofitrar place. The sun in March and September is on ~ the Equator, and everywhere it rises due east, and .sets "due westrand at the po les -sk i rtslbe^ horizon. In June it is about 23 j" north of the Equator, and the same distance south of the Equator—in—Deeernber. -To -a -person_at the _ Equator^ the sun in June rises 23i°.north of east, and sots 23|° north of west; whilst in December the sun rises 23 j°_south of cast, and sets 233° south of west. Atrthe edge of the Antarctic Circle (SO" 33'..3, lat.) the sun in -December just—touches the north-horizon at midnight, whilst at Adelaide it rjses about 29^° south of east, and sets .29^" south of -west, and at Dttnedin 34°south—of east, and 34° south of west. The statement in the book which you rofer to is correct, the latitude of "Zimbabwe" being 25° 9' 8. "D.J. H.," Arthurton.—1. No. 2. Yes. "T. P. Lyons," Kanowna.—It is agains our rule to publish letters which baveappeared in other papers. "Doubtful."—The authorities would only seek to recover against those of the relatives .who were substantial persons, and the Court would determine whether and to what extent they should be burdened with obligations for maintaining the destitut.o relatives. "Friendly Society Member," who points out that one Order gives a bonus to founders, thinks that the Societies at a whole do not ade quately recognise the services of the founders of branches, lie suggests that each founder should be presented with an apron bearing a plate suitably inscribed. The founders' names, be says, should also be framed and hung up in the Lodgerooms. "Lover of Music" and "Preserve" have not forwarded their names with their letters. \--"Subscriber."—"1 here Is no difference be tween a mile square and a square mile, but this statement does not apply to any greater number. " Bushwhacker."—There are numerous bores in Australia that supply double the quantity of wator which is obtained daily at Koppera manna. The bores at Charleville and Burran billa give a continuous daily supply of over 3,000,000 gallons. Kopperamanna gives about 800,000 gallons per diem. Friendly Society Member."—1. TheCustoms duty chargeable on the articles mentioned by you is as follows:—Pianos, 15 per cent.; organs, pipe, 25 per cent.; other than pipe, 15 -per cent.brass and string JnRtru.mwnts,_j_ &c.;, 10 per cent.; bicycles, 25 per cent.; printed books, free; regaiia, 23 -per cent.; banners with poles, if not works of art, 15 pqr oent. 2. Articles passing post are subject to duty, 3. The 8aIyation Army colours arc;— Red, emblem of the biorid of Ghrist; yellow, emblem of the fire of the Holy Ghost; blue, emblem of purity and holiness. "Subscriber."—Try tbe following recipe for darkening gun-barrols:—Spirits of nitre, lib.; alconol, 1 lb. ; corrosive sublimate, 1 oz. Mix in a bottle and cork for use. Polish the barrel, then rub it with quicklime with a cloth, which removes grease and dirt. Next apply the darkening fluid with a c!ean~wfrite cloth. Apply one coat," and set" the gun iTi a warrn dark place for from ten to twenty hours until a red rust forms on it. Then card with a-gun maker'scard and rub off with a clean cloth. It may be necessary to repeat the process if a very dark shade-issreqnired. "Friend," who critici9od the selection made by the Ministry in last filling the Com missionership of Police, and urg»c! the Govern ment to put the Police Fund on a satisfactory footing, made certain complaints, into which we enquired «nd learnt:—1. 3outh Australia was almost solitary in having mo educational test for the police, 2. The youngest sergeant joined the force in J873,..and the latest ap pointed snd youngest corporal joined in 1875. 3\. The police are not the only people subject to removal. _ The general public and the bulk of thapoHce bigldy-acpr-ove-of-tlio-rukv which—)_ only of late years had fallen into abeyance. stables not on duty had no right to demand j free admission in piavn clothes to races and places of amusement. 5. The matter of the Dog Act had nothing to do with this constable's removal. fi. Purely imaginary, except that the Commissioner makes it a rule to enquire into all complaints -against -the police, irrespective of the peTaon making them. 7. Perfectly true that the Commis- j sinner has prevented ignorant men.from ob- J taining positions as detectives, I ^ "Robert T*. P. Aitohisofl," ^fflndoorft.— Forty-four mim, ~ .. . • . • - - "Round Shoulders" and "Subscriber" have omitted to-forward their names. • • - Sarnie."—JBraztng work is taught in con nection with the-plnmbing end gasfitting class at the Adelaide School of Mines; fee, 6s. perquarier.: B.B."—The highest point in North Ade laide is in Gover-street, 133 "feet"," and the highest in Norwood is near - tbe <Jiay ton: Church, 300feet. _ ^ " A JLover of Music" asks whether some arrangement oould not be made for students _and families who are not favoured with much money to-hear Madame"Albani~ at reduced prioes for admission. ' ^^ThfetMShroes,,-H!iigg^^ tickets should be issuedf rom.Port Pirie and otherimportant towns on Mondiy and Tues day, March"! 4 and 15, available for a week, to -gi veuouhtrypeople ^n^pportuni tyif Jkttendr_ ing.the Aibaniconeerfrs. ; - /"'Without Prejudice" writes:—"'One who Saw the Final Test,^ no doubt oonsiders that having seen * e very bVjL bowled' (c.g.s.) he is "entitled to speak-with authority on the treat ment of the English team during their present tour,aird7~en-passantf-8neer at Stoddart for not playing, and—shade of Murdoch!—give. MaoLaren advice in captaincy. IfMaoLaren, by 'blockinga"stroke of'Noble's,' oould delay -defeatpand-possibly-gftin-another wicket,-heia entitled to praise, and not blame from: any -tyro. "Preserver.!'—To preserve tomatoes take 5 Ibv tomatoes, 6 1b. white sugar. and 'three iemona;~^5oiver"the^f ruitTvith thsTiugaT wver night. In the morning strain off the syrup, -put it on to boil,~s,ndokiffi carefully; then put "in the trill I. M-iiil 1w.il iiTiSmly fnr half an hour. Removetbe fruit iju -d.ish and_continue boil ing the eyrup till it-is thick, then add-the juice of the lemons. If that method is pre ferred the lemons may hs sliced and boi:ed„ when the tomatoes are. Put the tomatoes into jars and cover with the hot syrup and seaTup the corks at once. It is Better to use the yellow egg-shaped tomatoes. "G. R. Wiseman," Bir'dsville.—"Leslie's Monthly Review" contains a . map _of ihe Ktendyke-Goldfields ; price, -Is.; posted, Is. 4d. - — " " An Australian .Supporter." — We agree with you that the article- in " Answers" is rfdiculons—too ridiculous to merit serious notice -Seo_^Cricket Notes" this week. 