LTTERATUBE. ThSiCkth-Bogk (beinga study from tho life of Elizabeth Uald well Maclare, • woman ~ a im —|gr>-UlV—«Nmivtvna—wi ' Heavenly Twins," is not, likely to 'auBtain 6»ndsecureiM>y the first publication which iJTOUKhtherlntOhuticerYet intnany respeota horJateBt- grodueti^ jg*imtieylRerflry^)gqrt_ Sarah Grand baa proved resentful of comment which da not oumpliCT<mtaryr-«fld-otm-eouia queutlyhaa to'be particularly ~circumspectyin i dealing witlTher books. The reviewer would not like to ozpros* tho opinion that ''ffao Beth Book" iain any sense autobiographical, because -"Beth"—abort for Elizabpth—tho -heroine ©f the novel, -was what is colloquially -called- 'a prettypi cklo"- d a her -years of wdolescenoo.---flhe-^was «p to all sorts-of mischief and -thought no toroboyish tnok beneath her, though withal she carefully. ana resolutelyTteclinedixrdonnytlting whioh was ja-anyrivay-meanor sordid, _Bhe wftg -a aiir tura of Marie Bashki rtseff and the heroinoof Mil. Humphry W*rd's"David Grieve; ; but she was a-stronger character than- either, having Jess jsccentricitythanjklarie-andjnore - stability than theither. She_was_-alwayfl falling in love atid falling out of itsgaiu, and one of her very youthful-epistles ^written to a little f oriha aim est "the "oniypaTfoftbwvolnnioiviiich" iDayTSasonaWyr be suspected of being lightsome, This is the missive:— , " Deaf Sammy—Come and talk to me/ Do not be afrado. I do not ihind rows, bemg alwaysinrihcm. And she {mother] can't do «Inw/5J.U ..lllbul# /*HM.J»ll«_LMIWv"vt j w"* anything-to you.—X miss you,—Lwant to tell you things.. Suclrnice tlii ngs keep coming to jyti yMmfe'ii, k^uvh utvv_vii'iin _ yi _ ° _ me. Thoy make me feel .joill comfortable .inside. J looked out of tho window in the "dark last night;—There-was ~af ros t>—-The sky was dark, dark blue like sailor's suits, onlv j brightpand tlio stars—looked dike -holes -bored— in"tlie floor ot lieavon to"Iet the light through, i It was so white and bright, it must have been j tho light of heaven. I never saw sucli light on -, earth. Bunahine is more buffy. DocomoSauuny. j I want you so—Beth. . I'.S.—I can't stop right yet; butJ'm trying. It seems rather j difficult to stop; but nobody can write without j stops.. I always look at stops in books when , I road, but sometimes you put a coma and , -eomotimes-a-semieoUon—L_expeet_yi>it know, , -but I-don't,-so-you must-tcach-me. Its so j nice writing things down, Come to the back | gait to-nipTr""*"' , , i A great deal of attention seems to have j beon paid hy the authoress to unnecessary ; "dotan winch ~d iscou 111 fi Jier Work.- Tho first part of "The Both Book" forms distinctly good-reading.- Bomo of tlic character-skcieiies are admirable, and certain of. the descriptions r.f gm.ni.ry li/m -olmtrlv- til0 WQrk of a skilful pen. The accounts of the school -as-it-ongJit-Iiiot to-JjUj-aud—of tho school as . it-Rhouid bo.aro also full of iHoful=snggos-~ tioua-;--ljui—tlio—last third-of the .volume is 1 tediously drawn out, and some of tho dia- , logTies1>etween tho-cliTtrrvctTn-a arc very prosy, j Beth makes an unhappy marriage, and after [ a separation from lior husband distinguishes herself hy-lior-aacrificingscrvicoR for humanity ; i but subsequently sho becomes a "new woman" with a distrosringtondeiiey to rant. ■ If Sarah Grand's manuscript Irad -been 1 judiciously—snb-oditcd, audit tiie erasing pen haddoncilsdiity,lesspaper and ink wonId lmye. TheolfcIInsumed til. telling-t1r<r~Htyry, and—tho reader would havo beon proportionately bune j fited. But in spite of its demerits the novel is well worth studious reading, because) it , contains many passages suggestive of pro | fitablo consideration. The authoress lias -manifestly put a great deal of hard work into her writing, and has written with a Berious purpose. That is saying a good deal nowaday, Sarah Grand .being a notable woman, much interviewed, and in some quarters socially lionized, and especially as the work bv which Rhe is best known was con siderod"a little outri, her opinions on tbo way j in which a girl should 1)0 brought up may -be worth quoting . "I would bring hor up in happy seclusion to begin with,"she said. "She should have all the joys of childhood ; and then an educa tion calculated to develop all her intellectual powers without forcing them, and at the same time to fit her fora thoroughly noi-mal woman's life; childhood, girlhood, wifehood, mother hood, each with its separate duties and pleasures all complete. I _would have her hanpy in each, steadfast, pruifont, self-possessed, methodical, economical; and if she -had the capacity for any Rpecial achievement, I think that such an education would have devoloped'tho strength of purpose and self-respect necessary to carry it through. I would also have her to know thoroughly the world that sho has to live in, so that she might be ready to act with discre tion in any emergency." 1 should, in fact, to Si her for whatever might befall her; and then leave iior in confidence to shape her own career. Tho life for a woman to long for—and a man. too, I think—is a life of simple duties and simple pleasures—a normal life; but I only call, that life normal which is suited to the requirements of the woman's individual temperament;" "You don't clamour for more liberty, then?" ' " It depends upon what you mean by that. The cry for more liberty is sometimes the cry of the cowardly, anxious to lie excused from their share of tho duties and-Jaboursof life ; and it is also apt to be a cry not for li'ocrty, but for licence. One must discriminate." "RArAHA;or tho Right of the Individual 1 in tho State," by Archibald For.-yth; T | Fisher Urnvin, Jxrndon.—Rapara is a model ( radical Stato evolved out of the inner eon j sciousnoss of Mr. Forsyth. The storv of its i foundation and operations is dedicated "To all wno do not know that hundreds of thousands are. starving in the midst of plenty; I and to all who, knowing this, decline to give, a helping hand to havo this plenty justly dis tributed." Jn a style of composition which does not lack imperfections, and with untiiis takeably feeble grammar, the writer details very elaborately the whole system of govern ments of his imaginary State. His id. a of government appears to bo something halfway between "monopolistic individualism which "grants private, property in laud with its sources of natural wealth, arvl communistic^ collectivism which claims produced wealth as tii© common property of the community." Mr. Forsyth thinks that frith of these systems affect the natural rights of the in di do al, while his polity of "equalistic indi vidualism"conforms^ to both, and, therefore, recognises the-rightsof the individual in the States." H« shows forcibly that Trades Unionism in its abuses and in the application ~ofT"the -minimum wags woTks out badly for mediocrity and oppresses all below that. stratum, becauso it is self- evident that if an •employer of labour is bound! by a certain standard of payment i ho cannot afford to engage men whoso vauio to I him is not equal to that standard. - I "Raparag^a^descrilied by..our-author, "is j a modern radical State, where the gifts of j Nature are open to all, and whore wealth, the j result of labour, is secured by individuals in J proportion" to"PToir enterprise, energy, and •; thrift, while indolence and extravagance are ! "TishedTPftdJ- poverty -tirvafyingdegrees, but "j all ijavo sources of employment that enab.l» - -ihe*jndj)B^liraa«nd3prq'rideiitto Iivo in com fort, rear a family, and «ave*oiDethiiifjr for old •K®. — • •• • •—' - : ' 1 "^Mr^graytii^lM-gyidmitlyn^ttejyg: work con. amore, and ditabaok, more pftrticnlarJy those jiarfcs of it in which he deals with Ails . ,trflIaRjan:borrs>wjnK84iii„ well wrtkthe study ol pojitiolans. . ■ : „ "tooHiiryAB" btv 8. R. Crockett; M8thuen*GolcfhiaHjibrary,-throngb-Mos8rs, \- f1- -»•—»Hgg-Jfc_jJoaj, —Tim is probably the least satisfactory of the perhaps too fast aocuiaiilstiiiif works of this gifted Author, '.If wouliniayeTrttwicrod attentiOnif it"~hafbcom8 Troin tho pSH--oi on ynknowirTBMipIratniB^ _cbaraoteris not such-as-to itddlo the enviable reputation ofthe writer oF" "Tha~Stiokit Ministor," " The Men of the MmwiHagV' cftnd fne Grey Man." Vet, although it is _aomewhat wnari»ninifjy7fravra out, ■there"we . munu vuvf VJOI13 in it briskiiessand swing enough to sustain' the reader'» interest, Tbere~is~pienty mf ^^nture. but tho most noticeable lack in the -hook is the. want of the.strikinglydramatio treatment which so distinguished the other productions of Mr.Crockett. The period is that in which tho Prinoe of Orange raised his i levies in Holland, and the scone of the Story is divided between the ^Motherlands and the weatern sido of -the-Qhannel, Thovolnme belongs ^ to what has been called "the Kailyard School," and in a general way is of a I -Piece with tlio_othot-^ovelB ^wliich have [ emanated-from the same source. I ■"Simple Tests kor Mineralb—oi Evert -AlAN-Jfia O-KtLANAM-ST.": by Joseph Camp bell, M.A., 17 C. 3.—This little manual—" yh'ch is publiHhed by Augus^ & Robertson, of aydnoy, and which roaoffes us "ElirouprErSr -during several years, aud its value -has been generally recognised by those best competent torjadgeTipuii lLo (wmfc—The-btt5e-work-bas now reached its fourth edition and its sixth thousand, and-the latest issue comaswith re -Visions and a nseful index. The Bame enter prising iirm of publishers has -dssuocl a -©heap— ^paper-covered odit.ion of Hcm-v ! rLawson's -siready ^Hjpular atoTios uiiderTthe titie of " While the Billy Uoils," of which 7,000-Copies have been printed. This examplo : of encorpriso deserves wide recognition. The I stories themselves require no praise. From the samo establishment has also come, through Son, a work by Arthur \V. Jose— 1 ho Growth of tho Empire—a handbook to tho History of GreaterBritian." Mr. Jose has a fine, free, flowing, rhetorical style, rising freqiiently to real eloquence; and .'Psubject which most -men would have treated in a • dry-ae-dust - -fashion lie -has -dealt-'with in such a manner as to interest ©von tho» most general reader while en L cueiniTig the attention of tho discerning and studious man. Mr. Joso frankly acknow" Judges liia indebtedness to Professor" JSoeley. and'tho style~ofmrrange i nent of the volume-'is sornewliat remindful —of Green's ".Short History ot the -English "BeopIoT"—3trll— 1 Whether miitatoTor not. Mr. Jose's own merits as-a wntor aro - mmcptinnariy.. great. He never allows his ovident love for mc- : turosqucnoss in style to cause him to overlook the greater-necessity—for accuracy in-dctail,: : and his work should have a wide circle of appreciative readers. j Tii.t G rnbalook'ai, Magazine."—-Another number (tho ninth) of this excellently printed monthly hasi reached us from tho publisher, I—, 'tlliot Stock,- London, and it may-eonS iip Btftfefj that Tho nrtiolcs on f&tnijy; hi story ) Thrraldyrandqoedjgrio.% .which-i.t js tho. particular province of tins journal to deal with, still maintain their interesting character. Perhaps^ the most important chapter in tho present issue is ouo beaded "The Reform of the Abuses in the Baronetage."® From this wo gather that after the abdication of James II. commissions wore not issued under the Great Seal to enable the heralds to make their neonstoniod visitations, tho result being "that when a baronetcy expired for want of heirs male of tho grantee it was open to any ono of a similar name to assume the dignity. Often the pretenders were not even allied, however remotely, with the family whose honours they assumed,—and -in- many—eases they were bastards." This state of things prevailed over a century ago; but the same article says that the abuse, so far from decreasing, has during tho past few year3 very consider ably increased. Remedies are suggested by the writer by the adoption of which the Order of Baronets would bo gradually and effectually purged of those who have no right to the dignity. Tfjis state of things led a short while ago to-tho establishment of a Baronets' Committee, and at its preliminary meeting in November last, under tho Presidency of Sir Lambton Lorraine (whoso oreat-ion, acoording to Debrett, dates from 10G4), resolutions wore passed "that tho movement bad for its primary aim tho suppression of that un authorized assumption of baronetcies which has long constituted a public scandal, and for \--j-u^uum.ce in their , integrity of tbo privileges and precedence of j the oruitr. The. Cor, oaiog'.ea!' C'OoIivtw I much curious and valuable information. In ! the pedigrees in this issue is one setting out I the descent of Lurrl Nelson from England's hero-saint. King Alfred the Great. Rr.tiorot'.s Tract Mccietf's PLTir.ro.iTio.vs. r-Wc havo received the usual monthly"budget of publications issued by the Religious Tract Society. Tiiey include tho "Girls' Own Paper,'" with supplement rontaining a com plof.o story, the "'Boys' Own Paper," the -"Leisure Hour," tho 'Sunday at Home," and other smaller works for children. All the papers are got up well, and the readers to whom thoy appeal arc excellently catered for. A New Live of Christ. — Messrs. E. 3. -Wigg & Son have sent to us specimens of the plates and letterpress of a now "Life of Christ." illustrated by M. .James Tissot j edited by Mrs. Arthur Bell, published by Sampson Low, Marston, 8c Co.. and dedicated i to Air. Gladstone, whoso autograph letter ac ( copting the dedication is reproduced in fac-sirnile. The groat statesman's missive is singularly modest concerning his own con nection with tho matter, but highly eulogistic ■ with reference to the character of the book, i Nor is his praise in any sense mere flatterv. j This ' Life" is truly a monumental work— | beautiful in its artistic aspects and iinpressivo j in itsjiicrary features. _ Almost any of the j pictures—even the least of them—is worthy ' of framing, ami the whole volume, judgingby thg-apecirnens-of-it which are now before us should be prized as indeed a treasure;—TEh~ book is to be issued in twelve montbiy parts. "Concrknpto TKiiriY," by Mrs, Murray Hiokson ; J. fSowdon, Jjondon, through E. S. Wigg ft 3on.— Some of theso stories have already hecn printed in "Longman's Magazine," hut thoir republication is well warranted bv their quality. The sketches of precocious girls and prank-plaving hoya m^rrV"and-rnisch(evyus-r-.athe,r--than--44'j'M«!di and wanton, arc thoioughly true-to Nature. ! The small boy's horror of any thing girlish, and i his contempt for girj.s_themsc) ve.s, are brought ■ out avith entertaining rqnaintness. What, - Jryd.he-wa.yy is the reason why the average J small bor's ^pitiful -s.corn of tho con- ' tcmporaneous small girl l>ecomcs so marvel- ! lousiy chaneed into the a verage young man's ; M»»eonqii°w»ln -APprociatioij_of-.tha- average i young ladv? • That may bo a question : dfor -t>bik»sopherft--to debate. Ono - of t.ho ■ most graphic pieces ot pen- sketching by Mrs. j Hickson 'is that in ,which ehe depicts tie. iemHU-anfipradTBigbtly -by^^ioy- Jaw^frho elopt in -a somewhat isolated loonwupon the window qfWhiohghw^^h»dowa leaves in £W Rarfen^hrowing akolighta Mid shadows oh the Wall. Theahadowa ahe idterr prated asiio'bgoblinB ana the .lights as ghosts. Jhe -tragic -traditiofig which -clustetcd roundi: the old house, aud the legend tliae a robber had-triodto-enterrthBsanrafOomgencriitions before and bad been promptly run through with her great-uncle's sword, tended to still further stimulate her morbid imagination. At last, -in-desperation, eliepreparedfortho-worst.-ISho ^stolo-^ier-brother's-oatapuit^aTid IbTUst^it: ^verynightwith-halLa.dozen._roiind atones, _ carefully choson. benaatlvher pillow-}-but- sho shivered evan undor-—the -proteotaon of so deadly an arsenal. The description of the *' Smoking ooncer t"ie very good . though there; lRmoTioveltyTn"thoflovioe-which tbe-father-of j the boys.-CoOOcrnBd^^optod-as-WTntHMW:^^ breaking them from _ the tobaooo. habit, lie placed thorn -both 'in his room, and com piled thenrtepUlf at atrongeigars. Shortly after the operation bogan one of the lads i found it expedient to leave the room ) with prompt dispatch. The redoubtable "Teddy," however, ..would not give in. He suffered the agonies of the tempest- tossed | inexperienced passenger at sea, but the only teil-teie outward signs he gave of inward I ^isturbanco^firejaninneasyTdiiiffljiigotflfis cliair and an ashy pallor on his features. At last his father said, "' Teddy,' I think you have had nnough. If you like you can go now; you need not finish that cigar."' '"Toddyr1-^ proud and ioaoHne-to -Hie Ift5t;- fn«rchBd^with great dignity and erect mien until he was out j -of-Ihe sight of the parentaliyrant;,—Then -ho j flight —becama immediately imperfltive." Headers of many different temporainents may derive much pleasure from ascertaining what Mrs. Hickson has to say "concerning Teddy." -"Ideaes fob ■ Gluts," by the ReK-H. It. Haweis,—M. A J, Uowden,—Lc)ndan.—Xho_ author of "Music and~Morals" has put some "ofirigd^fawd mpst chaTactBriatic^work into - this dainty little book. Tic writes in~his, quaint and interesting style sagacious arl vice suited to all varieties of girls—untidy girls, musical girls, parochial girls, learned girls, mannish girls, engaged girls, and, finally, girls who have reached the ultima Ihulc of maiden ambition, and become brides, To quote from s'uoli a book would be very nn satisfying, not _bo mention the invirliousness of -taking one gem from-a-piio-of equally valu able things; but, if many-girls be riot profited by the cleverly conveyed counsel of the dis tinguished clergyman "wild hero nddreRsos tiiom, wo havo either misconceived the ability of'the writer or oho the sensibility of—the lasses. I^venat-the-r-isk-xif^iieiiig-IoltL-that ad vice to girls by a mere man is worthless, wo have the -hardihood to recommend Mr. Hsweis's latest w<rrkr _ - 