THE STRENGTii OF TWO. a w By ESME STUART. Author of "Kfstrel of Greystr>ne," "Muriel's Marriage," "A Mine of Wealth." &c.; m a • h CHAPTER XXI.—A BABGT EST. o e When Ivor was gone, J o y suck down on her couch, feeling utterly dejected. She still believed that all her trouble was aused by him, and what made her anger sMl greater was the realisation of her own powerlessness. But she would not be conquered. She would still be brave and not give up the light, though the lo<w of her hundred pounds was a crushing blow. She could not help susi>ecting tliat she had been robbed. Aunt Deborah ought to know the kind of people who surrounded her. She would try and warn hei next time that she was allowed to see l-er. Joy had never accustomed herself to luxury, but this bare room felt miserably cold, and the damp mist entered thiuugh the grating. She found that she must walk up and down to keep iiei-sclf frc.n being c.jilled to the bone. Would Sir Ivor allow r her to be released? She remeirIK-red his words, spoken so nobly, and offering her so much, but how could she believe them so long as he allowed her to be shut up in this dreadful place? His prcssnce had,however, brought with it a ieeling of. support. She had never met a man of such perfect strength and manliness; but wjiat evil things did this outward strength and beauty hide? She would not be touched by hii? words. He had bought h.-.r for a hundred pounds, and until that degrading debt was paid there could be nothing but war between them. After what seemed to her a long, long time, she heard a footstep in the vassage, and the door was slowly and de'jberatelv opened. Joy stood still and gazad at the opening until at last Keziah made her appearance. She looked flushed and much disturbed. She held a paper in liei hand, and spoke in a mysterious tone. "Miss Lydeard, you'd best 6ign this paper now—leastways, sign it dewn to where you said you would. It's best for you and for. everybody, and then j ou can go home. You see Sir Ivor's gone, so now we can do as we please. It's cold here; you'd best sign instead of staying another night." "I must say something; my father will question me. As- to signing, ^that's useless; my word is as good as anything signed," she said, scornfully. "Say the old lady detained you." J o y shook her head. "Lawks! vou are particular. Say you ts detained. Ain't that true? Sir Ivor had better tell you himself what you had better say." Joy considered a moment .She was really anxious to get home, and, besides, nothing is much more terrible to a young, proud spirit than to be imprisoned. "I shall say that I was detained, and that I may not say more." she answered at last. "Oh, that'll do. Besides, things'U turn out as you don't expect." "1 want my money, Keziah. When you brought me here you must have seen it." "Your money! It's more likely money you've been robbing the old lady of. I don't know nothing of it; and the sooner you leave off singing that tune the better." "When I next see Aunt Deborah I shall tell her everything, and also" Keziah's face looked furious. " You won't tell her anything. She's taken a turn for the worse. She's very cranky—very cranky." "I can go, 1 suppose," said Joy, not noticing Keziah's last speech. "As if I wanted to keep you. It's been enough trouble as it is." "It's very dark, you must lend me a lantern, and if you do not find that money, lieziah, I Oh, you don't know why I want it. It is not for myself, but to pay a debt—a pressing debt." "There's a pack of beggars comes here now the old lady is so near dving. They ali have some good story. It'll be a good thing when she's gone. I'm not going to be ser servant much longer, I can tell her. Lantern? You can have this one that is hanging up. Mind you don't say more than you said. I wouldn't be in your shoes if you do." Five minutes after Joy hurriedly walked down the steps with her lantern in her hand. tier one desire was to get away fnm this house of captivity. If Normandyke was a doomed bouse, the Moat House seemed to be its twin brother. Joy felt a cold shiver run through her as she hastened up the drive. When she reached the swing-gate she paused. Should she go by the road or by the river path? This last was much the quickest, it was late, but the road would be better walking. The rain had ceased, and she thought that of the two- the river-path" would be the least frequented. She wanted to get ac-k to her father "without the chance of mei iiug Sir Ivor again. Her father would have missed her perhaps, and surely he would have been anxious? She had promised to t-ike care of him, and she must explain to Irm that her absence had not been her own fault. He would, of course, think it strange. She soon decided to take the nearest way home, so she turned into the field-path, and, regardless of the mud, she bravely trudged on. How glad she was to be free—what was there worth exchanging for freedom? The lantern threw a wierd light around her, and though she was not in the least superstitious, she could not help thinking of some of the ghost stories Cattie had repeated to her; for the common people about Catlin believed implicitly in the supernatural. For instance, she had told her that Ben believed in the Barguest, for be had seen him, and who needed better proof? Tie had confided to Cattie this story, and Cat lie had repeated it to Joy, laughing all the while. .lien declared that as he was going down the lane by the stream—the same stream which -Toy was going to cross-rhe had heard "sunimat" conic past him, brush brush, brush, with its chains rattling all the while, but he had seen nothing. Then lie stood still and looked about him, and noticed only a big stone, tbe counterpart of the Hangman near the caves. Then again he had heard the brush, "brush, brush, and the chains Tattling, so he said, "This mun be the Barguest." Then he turned to cross the stream, for a Barguest cannot leap over water. He crossed the plank, but still heard the brush, brush, and the chains just the same. Then he thought that he must see this thing, and be went up the bank, and suddenly the moon shone out bright, and by Iter light he saw the Barguest*s tail. After that, he went home, but when he reached his cottage there was something lying against, his door. It would not get up. and it looked like a big woolly sheep; "so he took a stick and he whacked and whacked, and said, "Get up!"' and then tbe thing turned his head and t w v t looked at him—eyes that were as bis as saucers and glowed like fire at him. They were made of rings: first a red ring, then a blue ring, Dext a white one, and then a yellow ring, and then a dot. After a while he whacked again, and said. "Get up and stir thyself." And then his wife opened the door, and the. Barguest went away without any warning. Cattie had made her laugh over Ben's story of the Barguest, and if such a thing existed, she certainly ought to see it now. She couldn't be frightened at an apparition; she was much more afraid of all these evil people who seemed only anxious to hurt her. At that moment Joy heard the sound of roaring. It was certainly not the Barguest, but something far worse than the big wcolly sheep. Tbe stream was flooding, for the recent rain had swollen it, and now the gentle stieam of the day before was raging and fo.ming down its course. Joy hurried on. Was. the plank safe? Could she cross? She felt that she could not return all that long way, and deplored, too late, having chosen this path. When she' reached the bridge, she saw to her dismay that it was half covered with wnter, and even that now and again the ai gry spray dashed over it, as if it were madly eager to destroy the frail ion planks. Sht held up her lantern so that it lit up the bridge, and upon the noisv foaming I water, she could just see that the plank ' was passable, and ' that • • - the raj] -u-as still -3.1- iu ite place. At present it was possible to crcris. She must not hesitate another moment. If she went back now, it would delay her for an hour;; besides, she was lonfiing to get home. SIT held the lantern in one hand, and seized tl;e rail with the other. Her foot slipped on first coming in contact with the slippery wood; then she recovered herself, and grasped the rail more tightly. Then siv: took another step safely, and her heart beat less fast. Another step, and yet another. She was sure now that she could cross the stream. Tbe lantern swung backwaid and forward, causing its light to dar.ee on the tngry water. It was but a sl-ort distance, anil she walked on very slovvlv and very cautiously, 'l'ben, suddenly", she was startled by hearing a shout; then" a black figure ran towards her, and a niaj- s voice cried out: "Stop, stop! Wait!" The blood rushed to her cheeks. It was Sir Ivor's voice; she dreaded hiui far more than the flood, and she boldly advanced another step forward. Then she'felt the whole fabric tremble; a plank "ave way; she half fell, but clung heroically to the rail, then a great wave of water dashed over the bridge and over tie rail, and an awfu! crash ensued, during which Joy realised that she was falling into the liver. nd that the water was all about her, hilst she instinctively called out for help. Between the time of her cry and the oment when she was seized by strong rms were short,. She was conscious that she was lifted out oi the water as if she were a feather, and in two minutes Ivor ad waded to the bank, and gently set her n her feet. The lantern was, curiously, nough, still alight, but was to be seen like a wandering spark bobbing down the waiery way. T "ily lantern." she exclaimed, knowing hat -she would not find her way home ithout it. "I'll fetch it," said Ivor, in a low, strangely-altered voice. "No—it is gone. It's impossible. Are you hurt? You must be drenched, and the water is cold." Joy was astonished at the change in his oice. It was like a bell, out of which the rue ring hau died out, because of an unseen flaw in the metal. "I am very wet, that's all. I must go home; it is late. You—you at last allowed them to release me," she said, retreating a step from him. "I have totd you, Miss Lydeard, that I had nothing to do with it. If 1 could have evenged tlie insult, I would." "Oil, they did me no bodily harm," she said, proudly. "I would rather be imprisoned than gambled at." Ivor was silent, and for the first time Joy felt that she was treating tbe man who had just saved her from possible drowning ungenerously. In spite of all her haid words to him, he, at all events, had net retaliated. He did not notice the remark, but he merely answered:— "I had sent Cattie to meet you, but when 1 was on my way to—to Normandyke, it struck me that you might take this way. After rain no native ever comes here. The footbridge is destroyed nearly every winter. Those wretches should have told you." "They said that, as you were gone, they might release me," she said slowly. "Did you believe them?" "I don't know who to believe in this place. I seem to be surrounded by—by enemies." 'Yes, it must seem so to you." H'.- said this calmly; and all the life appealed to have gone out of him. "Let me go on, Sir Ivor: I daresay I can fina my way in the dark, she said. "No, you cannot. Take my arm. You would fall again into one of these pitfalls." Fcr one instant Joy felt that nothing should induce her to take his arm. "I'll walk by your' side then," she said, coldly, "if I must." They walked on in silence for a few yards, then Joy stumbled into the ditch. She realized then that she might perhaps sprain her foot, and this might necessitate S;- Ivor carrying her, so trying to make it appear as if the action were quite unpremeditated, her hand crept into his arm. Sir Ivor took no notice except that he walked more slowly. Joy was angry "with him, and after a time suddenly she burst forth herself. "Why have I been subjected to all this? I can't understand- it. It is a stupid mystery. I am sure poor Aunt Deborah ought not to be left alone with Keziah. She is a bad, false woman. I wonder that you demean yourself to use her and Nichols as your tools." How strangely quiet he was! She could hardly recognise in this gentle, silent man the boisterous squire of her first acquaintance. T will pay a visit to Goodenough tomorrow. I'll tell him to go and see about >liss Deborah. Do you know that Cattie has been very unhappy about your absence? She blamed me for not finding you —just as you blame me for not releasing you." "I suppose that she thought you knew," said Joy, scornfully. "She was mistaken. As if I would let you suffer one moment if—if I could help it." "Oh! but you don't care about my suffering," cried Joy, for once letting her secret anxiety appear on the surface. "We are settled near to you, and my father will continually go up to Normandyke, and you will entice him to play. I had hoped that, coming into a lonely, country place, all his temptations would be gone, and that we should live quietly." "\ou shall as far as I am concerned," said Ivor, in a low voice. I'll swear. Miss Lydeard, that I'll not touch another of tHose cursed cards again." 'You say that," said Joy, "but you don't mean it." •'You never believe me, . he answered, rather reproachfully; but he was certainly changed tliis evening—even Joy could not deny it or make it out. "You only say so because—because Joy paused. She did not like to say, "'only because vou think to please me." "Because I mean it. My mother hated cards as much as you do." "Did she?" said Joy, more softly. There was something which touched her in spite of herself in this big, strong fellow's mention of his mother. Be went on as if it did him good to speak of the past. '"She told me never to touch them; but I was a tiny chap then, and I didn't really understand." There was a long pause; both were walking quickly. Joy's hand was placed very lightly on his arm, but once she 6tumbled, and then by instinct she grasped his arm firmly. Ivor felt a thrill of pleasure, the only gleam of joy he had had this evening. When they came in sight of Catlin, Joy paused. "Don't let us go there, I want to get home. I am not fit to enter a house/' "But I must leave a message for Cattie. You've made her you're slave. I dare say she'll not be well received by Keziah. Will you mind waiting a moment?" She stood still, and a strange feeling that something was taking place came over her —something which was not ordinary. An hour sgo she had hated Ivor. She hated him still, but there was a difference in her hatred. He was so strong and also so. gentle to-night. Could it be true that he had had nothing to do with all this business? But how could it be true? When he'camc back, she slipped her hand again into his arm, without thinking of it, and they walked on. "Mrs. Leekey knows you're safe. She she knew all the time that it was nothing. She's a good souk She 11 tell Cattie when she comes back." "Thank you. I want to reassure my father. He has no one but me to—to depend on." "He's not poor," said Ivor, not as if he were making a compliment, but out of the depth of a sad heart. •Toy wondered still more what was the matter. At last they reached .the Flatts, and walked up the garden path. "Thank you," said Joy, "1 am home at last. It seems years since ." Thei once again the recollection of why she had returned to the Moat House swept ovei her. ' Sir Ivor, now let me tell you once more that—fate, everything is against m< 1 have lost the money, but you shall be paid—the—debt. I'll find some way, and, besides. Aunt Deb's money may be recovered." Ivor was not quick at finding an answer; besides, this hundred pounds was nothing to him. He deeply regretted the whole transaction; but how could Joy be made to understand the change that had come over him? She had a latchkey, and opened the door. "Good-night," he said, hurrying away; then, suddenly coming back, he added, "1 hope you have not caught cold." Joy laughed her low, soft laugh, without the scorn in it this time. "No; I never catch cold. Good-night." Sir Ivor strode away towards Normandyke, towards his lost inheritance. In spite of a firm conviction that Nichol's story was true, he kept saying:— "It's a lie. The place is mine. My father always said so, and she was coming there to be its queen. It's a lie—a lie! •Toy trod softly, and went into t.he dwelling room. The "fire had burnt low; then she visited the kitchen. There all was silence. Next she lighted a candle and waived Quietly upstairs, pausing before her father's door. She distinctly heard his regulai breathing. B e was fast asleep. He had not sat up to watch for her. When Joy, having undressed, knelt down to say her prayers, she paused at the words, "Our Father." Was the earthly father a i Ope of the heavenly one? If so, . No, ?he would not think so. Up above in the ! place wnich children call heaven, her > nether was watching her, and saying— 1 Don t forsake him, Joy. 1 never did. Then T^lirt,; Joy .Trti- finished Iiniclio^ * the"prayer, nrsvpr. "As u-i we forgive those that trespass against us." 