JACOBI'S WIFK. (a sbnsatio.val btory of beal life.) OUAPTgBXXXIIt ("continued, ) Mrs. JJanveus told Nigel in a few wordti all'eh'e'bnow concerning Clarice's esoape to the Qillsido Farm, Darker arid darker grow his face as she con tinued, more and more stern bis brow. But he did not move nor speak, and Madam Vallor (as she may now be called) went on quietly to tho end of her etory; ' It is since that night,' she con cluded, ' that Clarice has not boon herself.' Nigel moved now. Every trnoo of oolour had left his face as ho reared himself up to bis full height and said, decisively : ' There must be an ond of this. I will no more consent to leave her in the power of a person who could see her suffer and refuse ito" help her. than ' I would have loft her to the tendor meroies of Sir Wilfred and hie son arid of — of— Constantino Jaeobi himself.' He hesitated hoforo introducing her husband's natrio, but did not look one whit less resolute than bo- lore. ' Every one of the arguments that you used against hor living with her father or her brothor might be used againBt her living with you,' ho said. And then ho paoed up and down tho room onoe or twioe — a sign that he wne strongly moved. ' I was too hasty,' he said. .Madame Vallor raised her eyes from her lap, nnd regarded him with a mixture' of 'surprise nnd interest. She was . not offended ; a slight smile oven had curled her lips as she listened to his words, . You mean,' she said, 'that you think I would let her suffer now ? You are mistaken.' « How ?' ' Think of my position, Mr. Trn- matoe. I have had to bear great wrongs at my husband's hands ; I have borne them mostly in silenoe, But for the last seven years I hove eboBen to wntoh over him and his doings, and thwnrt him in his pro jects whenever I had tho opportunity. Many a. time he has fancied himself 'at the height of prosperity, and then a touch came — a rumour was raised — a quotion asked — and his prosperity crumbled away into dust. It was I .who- worked him the evil. Ho has never known ; never suspeotod, I think ho really doos not knew that I am living. I have followed him from plnee to place ; Iraoked him from country to country like an avenging fate. I am hia fnte. He wiil not esoape me now. I lost him awhile in South Amerioa, and for a time I gave up tho pursuit. I was ill and miser able ; I resolved to seek out my . mother's relations at Cham wood. I came, they wero good, they were kind. They oured me of my illness, almost of my heart-sickness. And while I stayed with them at tho Hill side Farm I found thnt ho, my hus band,- had oome to Oharnwood, too, and taken up his abode at the Van- borough's house. Then I knew that I waB not to cense from my work. Then I knew that my time had come. Then I knew that Heaven had delivered my enemy into my hands.' There was a long silenco. Nigel waited for her to spoak ; but alio with crossed ' hands and dreamy eyes, OODIUDU hv UD ,UU11IU£ 1ULO WOl'lU 8 ue oould not recognise. At last ho asked a question. \- How did you introduoe yourself into Sir Wilfrd'8 houBC ?' ' I heard that a companion was wanted — I placed myself in h is way. I used the disguise in whioh you first saw me. Let me continue my story. 'When I oame to Obarnwood Manor, what was. Clarice Vanbornugh to mo, a tool, a. puppet, an instrument of punishirieht for him. I had no in terest in her — no interest in any of the.Vnnhorough family- I was oruel to her,' perhaps ; for when sho stood in my way by hor resistance to her father's plans, I resolved to crush hor; I thought sho was proud nnd weak ; hated her pride, despised hor weak ness, but. on tho whole I thought of her less as an individual than as a link in the ohange of events by whioh I meant to punish him. I meant to let them stand together at the altar then to expose him publicnlly, and brand him with infamy and shame. What was it to me whether a girl of nineteen — a poor, slight thing, thnt one could crush like a butterfly — wore driven into a madhouse or not ? No woman could be made to suffer n tithe or the wrong that I havo suffored j and yet I — I am not mad 1' She spoke fiercely, but but with a cettain self-restraining power whioh redeemed her words and manner from the oharge of wildne98. Nigel looked at her as he might have looked at Borne half-tamed animal in a cage, but he did not speak. Suddenly the fiery light died out of her eyes ; the lines of her face relaxed, her voice grew soft. ' I thought so until last October, and then I changed my mind.' ' Why ?' , i , j, 1 1 was as anxious as oyer for liis . punishment : but I resolved not to wreck my vengeanco upon the Van- borongh'8 an well ae upon him. The Vanborougii's had a claim upon me. Geoffrey Vanborough had a claim upon me. For his sake, especially, I tried to spare his sister. I did not know that there was any reason against his roturning to England when I wrote the letter that brought him' home. I waited and waited nnd thought they would n»v«r oomo. On that wedding morning I was olose beside you, ready to doolare rayeelf. I did.not want to do so, hut I made my preparations. Anil thon ynu ohmo. You etopped the marriage: I had no need to speak.' ' What was your motive for alter ing your plans ?' ' I oannot toll you. It was no unworthy motiyo, and it still exists. I am Clarice's friend — Geoffrey's friend. Clarice is safer in my hands than in those of anybody else.' ' And you sacrificed her happiness without remorso P .' I brought you homo,' said Madame Vallor, Bteadily. ' Indirootly I etoppod the marriage, . I was kind to hor. She is fond of me now, as you may boo. I did not oxpeot that anxiety and suspense would have so bad an effect upon her lionlth. I did not soe what elso I was bound to do,' . ' At any rate, let tho suspense end hero. Lot the matter' bo cloarod up at onoe.' ' No,' said Mndame Vallor. 1 You say no ?' 'I say no,' Quiet, motionloss, self-contained, she oat in her high-baokod oh air, her hands crossed boforo her in her jap, her fine profilo strongly defined against the dark rod curtains that , were drawn across the window behind her, her henutiful eyes absently fixed upon the mass of glowing coal in tho grate. It was with a thrill of impatience, almost of anger, that Nigel recognised the fnofc that this woman was impervi ous alike to argument and entreaty — that, after choosing her own lino of action nnd following it for seven years, she was not likely to change it beoause the fortunes of one frail girl, or even of an ontire family, were in volved. Sho acknowledged that she hnd been hard and oruel to Olarioe, hut she acknowledged it apparently without remorse. If it suited her in terests would she not ' be oruel and hard again ? - _ Madam Vail r was quick to road his thoughts. ' You oannot go back,' she said, looking at him, when the pnuse had lasted for a minute or two. You will mnke matters far worse if you were to ohange noiol' ' Suppose -I were to inform Sir Wilfred of the news whioh I have just heard ?' . Madam Vallor smiled easily. ' You would not betray a woman's soorets without hor consent,' she said. ' That would be dishonorable. I have trusted you. I do not suppose that you are unworthy of my confid ence.' ' An unsought confidence, Madam Jaoobi.' ' You had bettor not call nm by that name,' she said, tranquilly, though the tremor thnt ran through her whole frame, when she hoard the word seemed to show that its utteranoe had hurt her like the strik ing of a blow. ' My husband's true surname i'b Vallor. But you know that here we might be overheard. It is always better to be careful. You need not call mo by any name when we are alone.' She conoludcd with the faintest possible ghost of a smile, ' in publio I am Mrs. Wilson, and your aunt.' 1 Pardon me, if I wounded you ; I ought not perhaps to have UBed that name,' said Nigel, with some abate ment of the bitterness of his tone. ' Rut I am not sure how muoh longer this device should be conoealod. I am quite sure perfeot frankness would have served our cause a - great deal better.' ' You are like all young people — wrtii fliinlr no nniiRn so nrommifl ns your own. Are there no interests but yours nnd Olarioe Vanborough's to be ooosidered ? And, like all men, you are ungrateful.- I may not have saved her in tho best way, but I have saved her — and for you.' ' Certainly you have.' ' And now I will give you a word of warning. If you say I am Jacobi'e wife before the day when I give you leave to say so, I have no scruple of conscience to prevent my denying of every word thnt I have said to you to- night. The proofs oT my .marriage cannot be produced by anyone but mo. Your friend, Burnett Lynn, may have been deceived. Jacobi will swear that he never saw mo in bis life before. And, supposing that the obargo dies down in that way, what would you do ?, You would have placed Olarice in the hands of her worst enemies, and all your efforts would not save her from Jncobi's clutch oa. I dare you to say a word more than I tell you to say.' 'In short,' said Nigel, gravely, ' you mean to threaten mo ?' To bo Continued. 