TM liST OF (By Ernest Favenc.) ? - ? -* HERE'S an old hut L_ _ I ajbpuf fifteen miles I I I tram '?? here, and ' li y«w*» strike lt \| about rundown,' \| said the traveller I ^ ha«J .just met. 'There's good feed and water there; bat many people 1 don't like camping ^» there.** ' \- 'Why?' Tk 'Can't say. . Ne ver camped there myself. Hut used to he part of a pub. that was there. That got burned down. That's all I know about it.' He had asked for some to bacco, and was filling his pipe as he spoke; so 1 continued the conversation — 'Likely to be haunted, this place?' I askea. 'Tell you I don't know. Knew the pub. be fore it got burnt down. Had many a good booze there. Ratkins used to keep It. Made rare good stuff, too. Guaranteed to make a_crpeo -iile drunk with five nips!' - 'How did he get burnt down?' 'How do pubs, usually get burnt down? Some body was boozed, I suppose, and did it. I wasn't there.' ' 'Anybody -killed over it?' 'Did hear something about somebody's bones being found.' . ' 'Well, if I'm going to make the place by sun down, I must be getting forward,' I said, gather ing up my reins. 'Good Say!'' 'Good day! Hope you'll enjoy your camp to night/' and the traveller and I parted. 'ft was nearly sundown when I came to the old hut, . and at cnce determined that, ghost or no ghost, I was going to camp there that night. The grass, like the grass always is on old camping grounds in a good season, was thick and sweet; the country was open; the place was situated on the hank of a well- watered creek; and the only drawback was the usual one on old camps — an absence of firewood. Still, that was sot material; the' night was mild, and I could easily get suffi cient to boil my solitary Quart. J- promptly un saddled and hobbled my horses. The other side of the creek might not have any ghosts; but In other respects it was by no means as desirable as the side I was oa. I was Just enjoying a pipe, and 'watching the evening star sinking in the west, my horse bells tinkling merrily on -the flat, when- 1 heard some one approaching. It was dark, but the pieces of firewood I had collected to boil my quart were still smouldering red, and quite sufficient to in dicate my camp. The stranger rode up and got off his horse. 'I suppose you've no objection to my camping here?' -.fee -paid 4a a hoarse voice. 'Npjje at all; you've as much right here as I have,' I returned. 'Jnat $q; right you are,' ana the traveller dropped 4ewB heavily on his feet, as though he was tired out. : 'My horse stays .well,' he said. 'He won't lead yours away,' he continued, as he took the saddle off, ana led hie horse down towards mine, carry ing a pair of hobbles in his hand. I suggested to him to take the quart-pot with him and bring it back full of water, and he did so. Meanwhile I made the fire up. . My new companion eame. back with his bridle, and the quart-pot full of water. He put the lat terMown by the. fire to boil, and as the full light fellf upon his face I thought I had never seen an uglier man. His face was disfigured with scars, and his hands were twisted and distorted; while one of the scars on his face bad given his mouth a kind of perpetual grin. The scars looked like burns, and the man's whole appearance was de cidedly unprepossessing. He had nothing to eat with frim, and I provided him with the neses sary materials for a meal, during the progress of which l inquired about the old pub. and the reputation of the place as a camping ground. He chuckled in his hoarse voice at the ques tion. 'Maybe It's haunted; maybe it's not. All de pends on the date. Old Ratkins, he comes back once a year regular.' . 'Was old Ratkins burnt, then?' 'Sure and certain he was; inside and out, just as he'd burnt the inside out of many a poor devil before. Burnt their brains out first, so that they did what they never intended to do, and then burnt tlmr insHes out afterwards. Oh, he was a villain was old Rat— a elow, torturing, murder ing villain. How he squealed when he was be ing burned, and how he kicked and tried to get out, and how the man who did it kept knocking him back again. Oh! it was glorious sport t' My strange visitor seemed getting quite excit ed over the matter, so I refrained from saying anything more until he cooled down a bit. 'Were you there?' I asked. 'Perhaps I was, and perhaps I wasn't. Any how I knew all about it— knew the man who did it, and knew why he did it. Should you like to hear the story?' 'Yes, very much.' The ugly man with the scarred face and hands .filled his pipe aad lit it, then comipeneed ., 'There was a fellow named Beames— Joe Beames— carrying about here in Ratkins'e time; decent sort of fellow; didn't, drink. *cept perhaps a nip now and again. Plenty of work; had a nice JSttle home, and a young wife down at Ravenslaw, the township. He camps here qne Right, and ?went up with one of his mates to have a nip, aad old Rat, who had spotted him, mixed a dose that stiffened him in one aet. Didn't remember a single ,Uiing about tea minutes after he'd drank it Mates took him home to his eamp, and he rwoke.'in the morning feeling as though he'd got a fire alight inside him and it had burnt his tongue hard and stiff. Well, he went up to old Rat, 'and you bet your life old Rat gave him. some proper stuff to pick himself up with, and was quite friendly. Beames began to »*iiWir him quite a de cent sort of ehap. ' 'Look here, Joe,' he says, as though he'd been at school with him, ''th.ere was a Uttle bit of shouting going on. last night, and you would take a hand; though you was in no ways fit. So I'll Just wipe it off the slate, and we'll say nothing about it. You might think as. how ra. he encourag ing men to shout when they were boozed, which Is a thing I never do. N'ot me. It might be some people's styJe, but 'taint mine/ 'Well, of course Joe wouldn't hear of it; would insist on paying his score, and old Rat wouldn't let him. Finally he did so most unwillingly on the agreement that Jce took a bottle of ram with him for the road. First time Joe had ever had occa sion to do so. Beam.es went away thinking what an honest old bloke Ratkins was, and vowing that \- he'd always call in there in future. This was the beginning of old Rat stealing his brain, and. h& .wasn't long doing it either. By-and-bye things. «ame about that Joe was a different man alto gether, for old Rat, as well as stealing his brain, ?was beginning to steal his inside, and he never felt -well or fit for work till be had some of the poison to stop the gnawing. ' 'I can tell you things soon went from had to worse, and Joe went down hill as fast as he could. Show you how he stole his brsiru Beames used to be as tond of his wife as a man could be of a woman, and he began actually, to dislike her when she .begged him to. give over drinking and be his old self again- Well, time drew on, and Joe's wife was not far off frem having her 'first baby* and he was expected down from bis last trip, and sure enough he comes, on horseback. Well, his ?wife was awfully glad to see that he' had thought pf her, and come at all; and was quite cheerful. ' 'Where's the team, Joe?' she eaid, presently pretending not to notice how bloodshot his* eyes ,were, and how dirty and untidy he looked. ' 'Team's gone,' he said, without looking her in Jhe face. ' 'Team's gone?' she repeated, npt knowing what be could possibly mean, ^Where's the team gone ' iioer . .. :.-.,? -...:?;' - . ??. ? ' 'Ratkimj has it Showed me a bill he held over ft; must have signed *t one tiine when I was -drunk. Don't remember\anythiHg about it.' ' TToii've lost your feanv Joe. lest it for drink/ ?_.: *he said, ,in a choking sort of voice* Then she '-stretched out her handa, and before J^o© could catch her she went right down in a dead faint. ♦?Well, the women came to^ help, end the jirart morning Joe was sitting there more -than half-' ?stupid, with a dead wife and a -dead baby in the aest room.; .'- -'? - .' ? ? ??.''- - - -. — - '.'? -' . 'Well, ppor Joe BeameB, who used to t-e an in . dependent man, with a team of ^hls own, a nice little home, and a pretty young wife, was very soon a drunken loafer: and, worst of all, he got so low that he became auist a taioekaboutwood and-water joey at ^this very pub. of old Ratkins*, just for his rations and what -drinks. Old Rat -and others gave him. This went on for some time, and Joe Beames waa getting worse and worae, when one night a traveller comes along.' Here the «tranger paused for a minute «r two. ?1 had this part from Joe himself/' he satf when he rewmmence*; ^otherwise I, shouldn't aafc you & beliere it. : However, I assure jwu t**t «T» as true as GospeL 'The traveller went in to the. bar and looked all round. He was a tall, dark fated loojting -chap. - -The 5-ar snas pretty feU a* 'the time,-. mod the-^chaps say as%ow-4t'i»oame «o hot that it felt like being Toasted when that fel low came in. One fellow says at last, 'Have a drick, mate?! Then the stranger he laughed like anything, and he says 'Have a drink, why not? But I'U shout, 'Ml shout for all hands. 'Soil up, boys/ and he walked over, to the bar. ' 'Hullo; you eld pirate!' Baye he; *hpw are you? Forgotten me, eh?'' ' 'Yes,' says Rat *I can't remember your face just cow; jet somehow it seems familiar.' ' 'Ot course Jit does, Rat, you old sinner. Trot out your free fighters (meaning the thfekbot tuoed tumblers) and shake ban.ds.' 'He put his hand across the bar, and Rat and he shook. jjprd, ? you should have heard old Rat sing out fci-hi! 'You're red hot,' he cried, as be wrung his greedy old paw with pain. 'They all got their drinks and the stranger paid for them. Then he held up his glass, ' 'Here's - the last of old Rat,' he says, and he, drops a match in his glass and the spirit . flared up, and every man looked like a cold, white corpse as he stood round, looking on. They were all so scared for an instant. they forgot to swallow the liquor till the stranger tossed it off, all naming as it was, and then they drank it and cried 'Here's the last of old Rat!' ' 'Where's Joe Beames?' said the stranger. And Joe Beames, somewhat sobered, came up to him. ' 'Come outside, Joe; I want to speak to you,' and the two went off together. ' 'Damme, I don't like 'those kind of larks,' said old Satkins. *Who's that cove?' 'Nobody could tell him, and they all felt mighty sober all of a sudden. ' 'Joe Beames,' said the stranger; 'do you know who I am?' 'Joe shook his head. ' 'I'm the devil, and I've come for old Ratkins. I'm going to give you 'a chance, Joe; a chance to make him feel some of what he's made you feel. You shall burn his brain and his inside the same as he burnt yours, and ruined you. Away you go, Joe, and do, it/ 'Joe Beames stood straight up and felt like a man again. He understood every word the stranger said and what he meant. 'The men had fallen to drinking again, when a?l of a sudden they found the room full of smoke. It had been coming for some time, but they hadn't noticed it ' 'The house is afire,' said one. 'Thee the flames burst up with a roar, for a lot of methylated spirits old Rat kept below had caught. Away went the men, and all of them got away safe. Old Rat, he went to his safe to secure his cheques, and money, and orders, an-l one thing and another. He was stooped in there, shoving eveiything into a bag to carry away, when one of the beaias of the floor gave way, and the floor lurched down. The heavy door of ihe safe clammed, and pinned old Rat' and held him in the middle of that blazing, fiery furnace as burst ui- suddenly all round: 'Oh, man, it was an awful sight to see the old sinner getting roasted Ana when at la^st he did get up aad' staggered along to get out of toe fire, trere was onU one man game to go ip, and tuat was Joe Beames. They thought as he »vas going to help him out; but no fear. He pushed his* back, end he shouted, 'Here's the last of old Rat;' and when the shrieking old sinner got up again he Rent rigat ;nto the fire and chucked him in again.. No matter how he got burnt, he never/felt it, didn't Joe Beames, for the joy of seeing old Rat burn, as he'd burnt the inside out of many another man.1 The stranger ceased, and after a bit I asked, 'What became of Joe Beames?' 'I never heard tell rightly, but anyhow he told ine the story, and you bet it's true.' The stranger suddenly grew taciturn, and we both of us remained silent, until I fell asleep. In the middle of the night I was suddenly awak ened by a voice calling out. I half rose, and lis tened. From the stumps of the old building came a cry, in the hoarse voice of the stranger, 'Here's the last ot old Rat !' and with it came, too, shrieks of awful ageny. Much startled, I went over to the place where the stranger had lain himself down. He was gone, and now all was silent. Nor did I ever see that man again. But he certainly came to my cvmp that night and told me this story. 