EAVAGES AND T23I3 BE LIGION.* The exact length to which Mr. Andrew Lang will, push Ills nsw theory e.s to the origin of rcligioa traong savage and primitive races h not clearly set out. But he has written a a:u':; suggestive hook, in wiiioh bs attacks, without scruple, tlie opinion of Huxley, Herbert Spencer, and an array cf anthropo logical writers, as to tha probable evolution of tha idea o£ God tind of religion. Mr. Tylor, in his well-known ?work, ' Primitive Cultnre,' has evolved the conception Oi a Supreme Being from the belief in ghosts and spirits which can be traced among all savage peoples. It wonld, ia his view, grow gradually out of such universal superstitions. And most anthropo logists are with him — for lack of adequate unbiassed inquiry, Mr. Lang would say. Both Huxley and Spencer, again, opine tliat the lowest types of humanity Itnow of ho connec tion between ethics and religious belief — they have simply a r.on-moral faith in casual spirits. Mr. Lang quarrels boldly with accepted authority upon this point. Mr. Jevons was one of the first to attack Herbert Spepcer's doctrine that ancestor worship v?as the origin of religion ; the present author carries the revolt considerably further. His contention, briefly put, is that the evidence is strong for ths existence of ' high god3 ' among tfcs lowest races at a stage precedent to the euperstitiona which Mr. Tyler terras ' animism,' and Eerberi Spencer 'ghost faith.' If admitted, Mr. Lang's argument would, in fact, make for a universal primeval faith in an uncreated and moral deity. That is very shortly the drift of the work, eo far us natural theology is concerned. In working cut hie idea Mr. T.ang is, us usual, extremely interessiag. His own views r.s regards those phenomena which the modem world hiw the habit of loosely terming ' supernatural ' aro evidenniy broaden ing, la part he is, of course, only abreast of contemporary scientific thought. Hypnotism, once ridiciled, is now, for example, admitted by science— Lord Kelvin, ire ?re tcld, j alono maintaining t*» theory of fracd or mai-obsfjrvction. But in Mr. ,f«ngf we 6nd unmistakabla acceptance oieo of telepathy, . thought-transference, clairvoyance, as exemplified in crystal gazing, ka. A large portion of his book is devoted to tlieec subjects, the endeavour apparently being to prove a close parallel between savage sapersti tioas and the psychical theories which are the subject of debate to-day. The connection with the main object of the -work is not perfectly clear, but the -author egciuc to held that certain supernormal phenomena gave rise in the suvage iiiiad to belief in 'separable self-existing souls.' and that this factor is represented in civilised life also, bst that there is no proof of it having originated the idee of a Supreme Being. On the contrary, the evidence points the other way. Mr. Lang wanders ia a pleasant pasture of speculation 1n discussing the «? medicine fasts ' d E«d Indir.n boys and girls, the second sight practised among the Zulus, Maori liallucina- ' tions, the ideas of ' possession ' j and ' fetishism ' among savage races, &c.; He does not present them all as necessarily to be believed, but he evidently thinks much of this ma.te.rial has been, excluded by investigators on insufficient grounds. ' ?One «pecimcn anecdote tnay be quoted, related by Mr. David Leslie, a ? Scottish sportsman, who had lost his B ' track of. his Kaffir elephant hunters, -nnd applied (rather out of levity) to a * 'The .??III.:' is jf Ili-Iiiti.'ii,1' l-y Andrew Znlu decior to 'open the gates of distaauo' and reveal their where abouts : — 'The doctor then niado ei^ht little fires — that being the numfcor of my hunters ; on each he cast some roots which emitted a curious eicMy odour and thick flninfee ; into which he cast a small ctonc, nhoutiug as he did so tha name to which the stone was dedicated ; then he eta some ' medicine ' and fell aver in whit appealed to be a trance- Then he seemed to wake ; went to one of tho firet, raked the ashes a'lout, looked at the stone ntteativcly, described the man faithfully, and said ' This man has died of tho fever, and your gun ia Io3t.' To the next fire, sa before, ' This man (correctly described) has killed four elephants ;' snd then ha deBCfibotl the tusks. The nest ' This man (again describing him) has been killed by an elephant, but your gun is coming home ;' and so en. I took particular noto of all tli ia information at the tirao, atid to my utter amazement, it turned out correct in every particular.' Many of tho modern instances of '? visualising ' by gazing into a crjsta! have eoipe ander Mr. Lang's personal notice, tad resemble the surprising set of coincidences cr super-normal phenomena related in his book cf ' Dreams and Ghosts.' Miss Angus is tho mine given to to the young lady who afc'a Scottish country house has amazed Mr. Lang and other friends by describing distant percons and scenes unknown to hsr with accuracy after ' scrying ' into o. glass ball. In one or two cases the incidents lied not occurred at the date or hour cf tho ' scrying,' but did occur subsequently. Tho author distinctly says it is not claimed that these visions were prophetic. Yet the question remains, if trae, what e.lss were they. The exploits of Jlrs. Fiper, the lady medivtn who luw lately beca perplsx ir,g London, aro touched apon. Of her Mr. Lang saya : — ' She exhibits a survival or recrudescence of savage phenomena, real or feigned, of con vulsion, and of secondary personality, and entertains a survival of the onitnisstic explanation.' Of Mrs. Piper one embarrassing fact seems to be admitted, viz., that while perfectly honest and of unimpeachable character in her normal condition, when ' pos cassed ' she h not at all so scrupulous. She will then cheat if she can. ' make guessea and try to worm information oat of her eittcr.' Thus, wh;lo Dr. Hodgson, who unmasked Mdme. Elavr.taky, has, after a prolonged surveillance of Mrs. -Piper, corce to tha conolusioa that in traces sha displays ' supernorraal powers of cogni tba,' tha eSfenti of such an impression upon c:ich a pceptic is heavily dis covntet} by the plain speaking o£ ethers HVe Frofeseor Slacalister. This rentlp.nif.n v^rites: — ' She ib quits vride awalie enough ell through to profit tj suggestions. I 1st l:er zee a blotch cf in): en ray Er.gor znH eho ea;d I was a writer. . . . Except the guess about my clster Ere'.on, who ia alira, there wes net a stngio guess nearly right. Hre. Piper is not ansisthelic dnring the eo-cu.llsd transo, r.nd iJ you nek my private opinion it ia that tho whole thing ia an imposture and a poor one.' Al! this is Ecmewh.it a digression from »he re?.l subject, but a digression to which llr. !Lang invites hio readers. In coming to fcbe evolution cf the idea of God, the author rebukes anthro pologists for taking it for granted that God has slwp.ya been regarded r.s a spirit1, and differs from tliccommon opinion that gods fca7e improved, morally and ether- vise, ' in direct ratio to the rising grades in the evolution o£ culture and civilisation.' On the contrary, there has usually bean a degeneration of the high gods. Th8 basis of the author's inquiry is stated thus : — *' Wo w&nt; to know how gods, makers of things (or of muet things), fathers in heaven and friends, guardians of mornlity, seeing what is gonii or bad in the hearts ofrmen, were evolved as is supposed out of chests or surviving snuU of the dead. That euch moral, practically omniscient gods are known to the very lowest savages— Bushmen, Fuegiom, Aus tralians — wo shall demonstrate.' Mr. Tylor has laid it down as the result of his investigations that the great gods occupy among the lesser spirits (bnlieved in by savages) the same e minencs as kings and chiefs do among inec This being so, Mr. Lang i icqr.ires how great gods can exist among races which have neither kings, chiefs, cor any distinction cf rank. Fw.gin.ns nnd Australians are included in Ihia catpgory. Filzrcy ia quoted as the authority on the former race. He lias assumed the Fuegians' supreme being as rather a malevolent spirit. Yet this is certainly ^contradictory of their belief that he will torment them for wrongdoing by storms of hail and ! snow. Why, at ks Mr. Lang pertinently, should an evil spirit punish evil t 'A great black man is supposed to be always wandering aboil the woods and mountains, who is certain of knowing every word and every action, who ennnot be escaped, and 'a!ici irifliifiiioo? tin1 wraihpr according to men's conduct.' This baing's morality ia ' to much above the ravage standard that hs regards the claying cf a stranger or an enemy caught redhancled in robbery as a sin.' Much is made of the faeir that the .highest religious ideas of the Aus tralian blacks are imparted at their secret ' Bora ' rites. It is noted that at these mysteries the initiated have their front teeth knocked out, and Dampier, at his visit in 1688, observed that the two fore teeth of the upper jaw were missing in tho young and old of both sexes. Ths Bora, it ia there fore assumed, included women at that date. Ghosts, generally malignant, ara believed in by Australians, but Mr. Lang relies on Waits in denying that they are worshipped, and he disputes Mr. Hewitt's notion that the supreme spirit, ' Daramul»n,' can possibly represent a defunct headman. , The traces of headinanship, he says, are very faint, and there is no evidence of any known to bo worshipped r.fter . death. Moreover, no food offerings are made by Australian blacks to tlieir supreme ruler, as though be wsra a hungry ghost. Mr. Lr.ng is strong upon this point. A little er.riier we find him combating Herbert Spencer's remark that it would b?. ctrauge if primitive men, with the consciousness j of a universal power, from which tlsey I n:»d all things proceeded, olTersd food to such a power as they do to the dead j bodies of their fellow savages. It v/ould not, argues Mr. Long, be s.t all strange ' if the crude idea of a uni- , vcrsal power came earliest r.nd was superseded in part by later propitiation , of the di-ad and ghosts. The r,ew , religious idea would soon refract back, ; and influence by its ritual the older conception.' ] The chief argument on this point, j however, is that neither in Australia nor Africa is the Supreme Being propitiated by food aiicrificss. Mr. ? Lang sees as the main teaching of the | Australian primitive religion unselfish ness — a trait marked by Dumpier — , and lie quotes various authorities as to tha high moral principles inculcated . at the religious mysteries : — j ' The grandfather of Mr. Hewitt's frioml, before the white fiieT caino to j Melbourne, took him out one night, r.nd, pu in ting to a star, said, ' Ycu will coon bo a man ; yon see Bunjil (Supreme Being of certain tribeB) up thero, nnd he can Bee you aV.d all yoa down hero.' Mr. j Palmer, speaking of the mysteries of Northern Anstralisnn, mentions the nature of the moral instruction. Each Jad is given ' by ono of the elders tdvico BO tindly, fathorly, ar.d impressive, as often do r,oft.cn the heart aud draw tears from tho youth.' He ii to tvoiJ adulliry, not to tiko advantage o£ a womn.ii if ho finds her ciono ; he w not to Decomo quarrelcoire. At ths mysterios, Daru uiullun'a rasl name nay be uttered, ct other Urr-en hs h ' Master' (Biamban), or ' Father ' {P«pans;)' oractly as we e»y ' Iiord ' and ' Satlier.' ' Mr. Lang hnc, indsed, little hesita tion ia pronouncing Zeus, the god presidont c£ the Gree!:s, rz r» degen erate deity compared to Dnruiaulun. Epaca docs net allow us to follow the author in applying liifl theories to other races — the Indisr.s o2 Guiana, the Gresnlaadt-rs, -tc. — but it is enough to say that he distinguishes between the two currents of mythology i-.nd raligion, and maintains that in not insisting upon the separation many inquirers bave blaudered. 