ELIZABETH'S EXPERIMENT The dishes were washed, the beds were made, the few touches of brush and duster, all that are needed to tidy a house when it is not sweeping day, had been given. At this moment of leisure, Miss Morison, seized the paper eagerly. She did not look at the first page to read the news of the world, although her interest in the march of events was ...... She turned over to the "Wants,". Rapidly her eye ran down the line to the worlds : "Wanted Help — Female." In a minute more she whipped a pen- cil out of her pocket and made three crosses against three advertisements, The three were enough alike for practi- cal purposes. Each asked for a house- maid and waitress combined, and each offered good wages. Elizabeth's man- ner was quite decided, as of one whose mind is made up. "If I can only persuade father and mother," she said, "and I believe I can." This sudden interest in requests for servants was certainly rather strange. Here was Betty Morrison, a pretty girl of 19, fairly well educated and more than fairly well endowed with common sense, lady-like from the crown of her head to the tip of her toes, living in her own pleasant home — what did she care about "situations?" She didn't care 24 hours before, but last night. Well, she had a shock. Last night Mr and Mrs Morrison left the tea table for the library, while she remained behind to gather up the tea dishes. The door was ajar without their noticing it, and scraps of talk floated through. The first thing that claimed her attention was this: "I see no other way, Harry must leave college. To think that those stocks should be worthless now, and I judged them the very safest," Mr Morrison groaned. "Couldn't you borrow the money?" suggested his wife. "Possibly, but I don't like to try, for I have no good security to offer, and the times are very unsettled. The time may come quickly when I shall have only an honest name as capital. I mustn't endanger that. But it seems a pity for our boy to lose so much, when only a few paltry hundreds are needed to take him through." "This, with more to the same effect, was what gave Betty the shock. She had known for a long time that they were not so well off as they used to be. Less than four years ago they kept two servants, then there was one, and then there was none, like the little "Injun boys" of the song. Now she and her mother did the work, with some help from Agnes, her young sister, who went to school. There were other economies but still every comfort. All morning she thought and plan ned. The midday dinner came and Mr Morrison sat down to it, preoccupied, anxious. When it was over: "Papa," said Betty, "please stay a while. I want to ask some questions. You, too, mamma. How much do I cost you a year? My 'keep', and my clothes, and my spending money?" "What a question, Betty! Not more than you're worth." "Oh, of course not," She had perched on the arm of his chair and now stroked his thin locks. "But I really want to know. I have a reason." "What dark plotting is this?" Some- thing like a smile brightened his grave face. "Well, let me see. I think my pretty daughter may cost me five or six hundred a year, and I don't consider her dear at that, though she's very dear all the same." "No playing on words nor compli- ments allowed, papa, and please pre- pare to be horrified." Then quite seri- ously : "I could not help hearing what you and mamma were saying last night, and Harry must leave college. It's just the beginning of his senior year. He might know enough for the position he hopes for in that school, but he wouldn't get it without the prestige of graduation. It would be ruinous for him to drop out now. He ought not even to know of the trouble, for Harry can be obstinate." "Not the only one of my children who can be," Mr Morrison interrupted, with a sad humour. He could be told enough to make him very economical, but not enough so he'd insist on leaving. Now, please don't interrupt again, papa, until I tell you. I'm going to save you all I cost, besides making a little money, and Harry, if he's careful, can keep on. I'm to apply for a situation as housemaid and wait- tress in R—. I expect a first class re- commend from my last place, ma'am." She sprang up and made a sweeping courtesy to her astonished mother. Then such a pelting of objections, of almost demands, as that girl received, to each of which she had an answer. No, she didn't consider it a disgrace— no honest work was a disgrace—she didn't believe any friend worth having would cut her; she had set her heart on it and should be quite miserable if she was not permitted. And there was one argument not to be gainsaid—Harry. Agnes could stay out of school to help mother. Agnes could afford to wait, but Harry couldn't. Moreover, she must go at once—to- morrow morning—there were so many to answer such advertisements. She knew the city perfectly, as many time as she had been there, and only fifty miles away. She could almost identify the houses, in one of which she was go- ing to work. If she did not get a place, she could come back at night none the worse. She wheedled, she coaxed, she used her common sense, and—she got her way, just as any high-minded woman who is in the right ought to do. It was a very tremulous hand of blessing which her father laid on her head, as he rose to go. "I ought never to be downcast again," he said, "with such a brave daugh- ter." "Just a few of my plainest dresses, mamma"—they were packing a small trunk that evening. "I won't need a single new gown for a year. Isn't that jolly?" If Betty rattled on, she was certainly to be excused, for, in- deed, it takes some courage to break loose from one's social position. When her father gave her his part- ing kiss at the station next morning he said: "Remember, my daughter, it is only an experiment, and if it fails, there will be no regret at seeing my little girl re turn. You can hardly wonder that this seems a disgrace, not to you, but to me." "Now, papa, no more of that .... thou lovest me. The best man in the world shall run himself down in my presence." Then the train came and she was gone. Fortunately, Miss Elizabeth had a relish for fun, and the humors of the situation served to keep down what only a girl would have made pathetic. She stopped at a quiet "home hotel". Every city has one, where country people go. She knew this one some- what, having dined there more than once with her father. The morning was not so far advanced but she had ... to apply at two places on list before lunch. Neither of these ..... ....... the penetrate further than the hall, the mistress of such sending a message that she had engaged a maid that morning. It was two o'clock in the afternoon. Mrs Allen of No. 212 Lake Avenue lay on a couch in her own room with some symptoms of exhaustion. No wonder. She had interviewed that morning no fewer than ten applicants for the posi- tion of housemaid and waitress com- bined, and not one of the slatternly, un- tidy lot had appeared capable of transformation to suit her needs. Pre- sently the cook knocked at her door— the cook, whose patience, she feared, would not bear much longer the strain of extra duties "Please ma'am, there's another a- waitin' in the settin' room." "Another—what?" Mrs Allen asked. "Leastways, I think she's another as wants a place. But she don't look like the rest uv tham." Well, perhaps it was worth while to go down in that case. The young per- son rose with a slight bow as Mrs Allen entered, and, in answer to a word of inquiry, said: "My name is Elizabeth Morrison. I came in answer to your advertisement." daughter." Mrs Allen tried to conceal the surprise she felt. This plainly dressed young woman was a lady: there was no doubt of that. There could be no mistake as to the good breeding which her whole manner and even her voice indicated. Mrs Allen's first words showed the thought which was in her mind. "Pardon me," she said, "but I do not need a companion." Elizabeth smiled, and replied, "No madam: I understood the advertisement I wish to apply for the position of house- maid and waitress, if you have not al- ready engaged some one." "Oh no," the lady answered: "there's no one engaged. But," as if to guard against future misunderstandings, and again expressing her uppermost thought, "I cannot have a maid in my house who will not wear a cap and apron." "Certainly," this tall girl assented, "I am quite willing to wear them." (Privately, Miss Betty expected to find the cap becoming.) "Are you sure you know what your duties will be? You have not lived out before?" Mrs Allen asked these ques- tions with some hesitation. She felt as if she were prying into the affairs of an equal instead of making necessary inquiries of a domestic. "No: I have not lived out before. But I am quite sure as to my duties, for," she stopped, and then bravely threw off her reserve—"for we formerly kept ser- vants ourselves. My father has had severe reverses. He hopes to right him- self, but the present need is urgent." (No, she would not reveal the secret about her mother.) "I have really chosen this rather than the more remote success which might come if I tried to teach, or paint china, or do fancy work. It seemed to me the open doors in this direction were more numerous." An- other thought struck her, and she added: "I can refer you to my minister, the Rev. Mr Thorne of Beechhurst." "Indeed; I know him," said Mrs Allen, her face lighting. "I have entertained him when here at great church gather- ings. I am counted a cautious woman, but I do not think I need write to him. I will engage you gladly." Then, with generous warmth: "You are your own recommendation." She startled because she was near putting "my dear" on the end of her sentence. It was very easy to say "my dear" to Betty Morrison. That night Betty indulged in what she called "a 25-cent extravagance." She never thought how it sounded, but the telegraph operator who received it won- dered why such a girl as Betty Morrison should send news of her engagement by telegram : Being an elderly man, he mused on the forwardness of girls in these days; but being a faithful man, as became his position, he kept the secret. Mrs. Allen herself showed the new housemaid to her room, and Elizabeth's heart gave a great bound of relief. Her secret dread had been a room shared with some other servant, and this one though small, was comfortable and all her own. Her mistress also told her that she would take her meals by herself. Not till long afterward did she know that this was an unusual concession. Mrs Allen was kind-hearted and had resolved : "I must be careful not to spoil her; but I will try to make the situation tolerable, at least." Meanwhile Betty mentally drew up a code of laws for her own guidance. There were certain points where she feared she might fail. The rules were informal, and ran something like this : "Musn't carry a chip on my shoulder when with the servants. Ought to say 'other servants' forgot I'm one also. Fortunately, I'm not very quick to take offence. "Must be careful when waiting on the table not to appear interested in the conversation—never, never, to put in a word—mind my own business, in fact. It's surprising how many proverbs fit my case. "Must never sit down in the drawing- room, or in any room nearer the front than the dining-room, and not in that if Mrs Allen is present. "Must never use the front stairs on my own errands. Must never go out or in at the front door. Remember, I'm a side-door girl now. Must remember that I'm to answer questions, and not to make conversa tion. Also, that self-respect isn't pride and isn't a matter of position. I don't think I'll forget that, though." The family consisted of Mr and Mrs Allen and a son about 14 years old. There was an older son who was away at present, and, between these, the dear only daughter had died. "She would be about the same age as Elizabeth now," Mrs Allen thought, as she looked at her housemaid's trim youthfulness. the other servants were Norah, the cook; Bridget, the "Madonna of the tubs," and Tim, the smart young coach- man, all from the green isle over the way." After a week Mr Allen expressed his mind to Mrs Allen. "My dear, I've been watching the experiment of a lady-maid, rather than a lady's maid, and I think you've found a treasure." "New brooms, you know," was the cautious reply. "I'm trying not to re- joice too soon." "Well," said Mr Allen, "it's certainly refreshing to be served at table neatly. I rejoice in the negatives—in what she does not do. She does not stick her face into mine when I give an order; she doesn't put her hands on her hips and answer, "All right," she doesn't cling to the back of my chair and when my soup comes in. I'm sure it isn't flavoured with her thumb." "Horrid," exclaimed Mrs Allen. "Horrid, certainly, but true with most of the green waitresses, and I don't be- lieve I'm over fastidious, either." "So far I've not a word of complaint," said his wife. "The bric-a-brac hasn't had an accident since she came. She handles it as if she loves it. Moreover, she does everything in a quiet, un- affected manner, and keeps her place admirably." "Talking about Elizabeth?" Jack ...... ..... looking up from his book. "I think she's ....... Last night I was in a tight place in my ........ She came through the dining-room. I was study- ing there. I s'pose she saw I looked vexed, for she asked if she could help me. Just a word or so, and she made it all plain. She said to ask her any time and I am going to." "Not too much help, my boy." "No, sir; and she won't give it. She is not that kind. She'd keep a fellow up to the mark, just as she does her- self." His father and mother smiled to each other. Betty wrote home often—bright, cheery letters, not blinking the disagree- able entirely, for she meant to be truth- ful, but honestly saying that her life was happier than she anticipated. She told them of the opportunities which her "afternoon outs" gave her—opportuni- ties which she made the most of—to visit public libraries, museums and picture galleries. Fearing it would pain them she omitted the amusing tale, how Tom, the coachman, tried to "make- up" to her, and had to be politely but firmly discouraged. Yet, without any self-as- sertion on her part, the servants a..... ded her a certain distinction, saying "miss" unconsciously, and Norah was her staunch friend. "She bez that good-natured—always a bit uv a kind wer-rd when ye're tired, an' mebby offers to help with the cakes an' custards." This was an outburst of confidence to the "mistress," which gladdened the latter's heart. For once, housekeeping was easy. Betty wrote to "brother Harry," as usual but with an innocent subterfuge. She sent the letters home under another cover, to be mailed from there, but Harry did think she dealt in generali- ties, and was chary of home details. Mrs Allen entertained often, and now she meditated a five o'clock tea. Long before this she had found out that many things might be trusted to Elizabeth which were foreign to the ordinary housemaid's capacity. So now she asked her to write the invitations, handing her a list of those to be the guests. Elizabeth glanced down the list, "Pardon me, Mrs Allen," That lady looked up inquiringly. With some hesitation, Elizabeth said ; "I see here a name I know — Miss Katherine Harmon. "Thank you, Elizabeth," Mrs Allen re- plied. "It is thoughtful of you. Miss Harmon is visiting in the city. You know I am to have an extra waitress for the tea. I will arrange it so that she shall serve in the room where Miss Har- mon sits, and thus avoid any awkward- ness to either of you. "I call that extraordinary good sense," Mrs Allen said to her husband that night. "Not a word as to being embar- rassed herself. She is certainly a very unselfish girl." The months marched on, till it was the middle of June. A few weeks more and the Allens would leave the city. Then a letter came from Mr Morrison to his daughter. "You are to come home at last—at last. There has been a most fortunate turn in my affairs. Harry graduates next week—what does- n't he owe to you: if he only knew it! You must be here when he arrives." This, followed by more details. One could hardly say that Betty was sorry to go, yet she honestly felt she would not have that experience omitted from her life. "I shall be a better woman for it—a more considerate woman, and it's worth ever so much to be superior to circum- stances." The Allens were too noble to be miser- ly of appreciation. The master of the house said kind words, and Jack lamen- ted openly. "I am glad for you and sorry for my- self," was his mother's expressed re- gret. "You have added more to the hap- piness of our home than you dream. I shall always wonder now why self-re- specting American girls who need it do not take your course." "All mistresses might not be so con- siderate as you have been," was the grateful answer. Then Mrs Allen said, "My dear," and kissed her. Harry's college was a long distance off, so he, with one or two of his class, had stayed for extra study through the short vacations. Now he had graduated with honor—his position for next year was secure, at a good salary. However much she wished it, Betty's parents would not keep her secret, and Harry was told of his debt to her. It was amusing, it was pathetic, the way he took it. "Oh! Betty, how mean of me!" "Mean? Not at all—you didn't know it; how could you prevent it? I had a jolly time besides Mrs—" "Stop! Don't tell me her name; I might meet her some time, and I couldn't look her in the face — the woman you worked for!" "You absurd boy! Be sensible, Harry, it was the only way. If you could know how it relieved father. We couldn't foresee any better fortune ahead at the time, and we all expected to live on your salary next year. If you only graduated properly," so Betty solemnly averred. "I think this is reward enough. It re- pays me amply," and she touched the Phi Beta Kappa key which hung from his watch ribbon. "You're a darling!" He gave her a stifling hug. There is a pretty sequel to the story, and when things do go right in this naughty world it seems best to tell of it, if only to spite the pessimists. A year from that summer Harry—Professor Harry now—was coming home for the long vacation. He wrote that he had invited his best friend, his college chum, to join him in a week or two, and make an extended visit. The young man came and the days flew happily enough. So happily, that shortly before he was to depart, he had courage to ask Miss Bet- ty the important question. "Will you marry me?" And Betty gave the oddest, most ir- relevant answer. She blushed properly, and looked improperly arch. Then she said, "Less than two years ago I was a servant in your mother's house. I worked for her for nine months." In his surprise, he blurted out the first thing that came into his head. "I don't believe it," After an instant, "If you were, I don't care. Please an- swer me." But Betty was firm. "Write to your mother first. When her reply comes you shall have mine." The next morning he brought his mother's letter, hope shining in his face. For Mrs Allen wrote: "I knew whom you would meet when you went, my dear boy, but I thought "I will keep her secret." I wanted you to see her with unprejudiced eyes, and I can truly say I know no girl I would more gladly welcome as my daughter than Elizabeth Morrison." Then, of course, Miss Betty said "Yes" —"New York Post." The ghost of Wagner will hover over the Paris Exhibition of 1900, says an English contemporary, and grin hor- ribly a jealous grin. One of the novel- ties is to be a gigantic trumpet. This will measure three hundred feet in length. The blowing of the instrumen will be done by machinery, and a pair of lips modelled after those of a man will control the volume of air that will sweep tornado-like through them into the great horn. Gigantic bellows operated by electric engines will fu rnish the stream of wind. whieh she made the most of—to visit , ! 