... -? The "Mystery oí Berry Hall. My Dear Old Man,-Shan't see you on , c Sunday, as I'm off to Berry-in-the- Wold, . to stay with Angela's people. She tells me that the invitation is a great sign of relent- ing on the pater's part, so I couldn't refuse, even had I wished to do. It seems that old Eivers believes I am after the dear girl's money. He will not sanction our engage- ment ; but, luckily for me, Angela is too plucky to quail "before his opposition. Last week ho rushed up to me, and, forgetting to bo stiff, began to tell me about his latest bargain. He is always * doing ' somebody. He has taken Berry Hall, a fine old country mansion, for a year certain, at a ridiculously low rent. Either the absentee proprietor is mad, or there's something mightily wrong with this Berry Hall ! Perhaps the ghosts of dead and gone tenants dance at midnight in the drawing room, wander through the gardens, or parade the terraces. I can't afford to question. I congratnlated my future father-in-law so heartily on his perspicacity that he invited me for a three weeks' visit. When I find out the mystery of Berry Hall, I'll let you ' know. Angela is delighted. Good-bye for a while, old ohum. Yours ever, . EieorK. Berry Hal], Monday night, 12 o'olock. DEAR JACK,-The mystery is not solved a yet. lam fairly puzzled. This is aman sion, indeed. I am gazing serenely ont c my bedroom window at this witching hour No shadowy forms glide over the smoot turf, or play hide-and-seek among th ancestral elms. The owner of this place must be the bigges idiot living. It is a home to long for, ti sentimentalise about. It is situated on : civilised road, a mile from any other habita tion, and the picturesque hamlet of Berry-in the-"Wold. A wall surrounds the house, am woods slope down the hill behind it as ta as the liver, which is well stocked wit! trout. If I were a rioh man, I would buy Berry Hal!. Old Eivers is delighted-he is even civil t< me. A dozen guests are here, the Maurices who overlook his plebeian origin so far as tc ask him to some of their 4 mixed ' dinners the Usbaldistones, who have borrowed money of him, and are therefore bound tc aocept bis invitations. Fitz-Ewart-whc has a steam yacht and a boot factory-anc many other self-made men are beneath thic patrioian roof. Old R. is paying off hie debt to society as cheaply as possible, the miser ! Angela is suited by her environment, by the oalm grandeur ot this ancient mansion. Aunt Sarah is chaperon, so I have had a bad time. Angela and I have only met once in the Lovers* Walk ; but Borne wasn't built in a day. To-morrow night we are to have a ball. The hour of one has just struck from the antique dook up in tae belfiy tower, so I will bid you a fond farewell, Jaok. Yours as ever, in remembrance of old days, REGGIE. Wednesday Morning. Mrz DEAS BOT,-Do you happen to know of a nrst-olass detective P If you do, please \- send him down at once, and I'll pay. We are already in communication with the police. The interest of speculation about the mystery of Berry Hall has become stale by oontrast with the highly-flavoured excite- ment of a burglary that kis indeed mysterious. Angela's Aun* Sarah retired to rest4 after the ball was over ' this morning without looking up her great-grandmother's diamonds. You will remember their hideous splendour. When she awoke at ten o'cioafc she found no trinkets on her dressing-table. Angela has lost her pearls ; all the Maurioes* paste jewellery is missing also ; so the burglar was no4, discriminating. The windows of Angela's room were un- fastened, Aunt Sarah's door wan not looked, but how the thief placed u ladder against the wall of the house, ancended and desoended it, without being observed by the servants, is extraordinary. Needless to say, old Rivers is furious. He rages about the house, vowing that he will highly reward any man who disoovers - or catches the 4 miscreant.' If I oun oatoh the burglar, I shall win the daughter. Help me if you can, Jack. Yours, R. P.S.-Aunt Sarah says that she is oertain that the wi etch is Mr. Maurice's Fronoh valot, Alphonse ; as deoont a fellow as ever I met ! He Baw Angela meet me, and me meet Angela in the Lovers' Walk whilo tho ball was on, so I tipped him liberally, and he lias Bworn to keep the secret. Now ho smiles benevolently on us both. By tho bye, if ho were au Amorioan, thopo smiles would be odiously familiar ; as he is a foreigner, they are merely pioturesquo. P.S. No. 2.-Old AUvers is shouting in the hail that he has found a duo. P.S. No. 3.--Would you believe, Jaok, the due turns out to bo one of my patent boot-buttons on the landing outside Aunt Sarah's door. 1 shouldn't wonder if old Hivers ended by crediting me with the bur* glary I I'll drop you a line as soon as any» ¿bing happens. Don't forget tho detective. Be sure and send bim. down as soon as possible as I am anxious to solve thii mystery-. Thursday Morning. Jack, this is monstrous ! There has beei a second raid upon the jewellery of this es> tablishment, and. old Rivera does snspeot me Is it my fault that my watoh, rings, ant soarfpins lie undisturbed every night upor my looking-glass P He and Aunt Sarah have compiled lists ol the missing valuables, and wander fron person to person reading out the items. Again the burglars got off, not only soot free, but unseen. The housekeeper says sho thinks she hoare a little scratching noise juBt as she waE going to sleep. The housemaid is oonvinced that 4 sperrita does it, 'cause the kitchen fires burn blue three nights running.' This is al the information the servants provide. None of the doors or windows wera left unfastened, so the thieves must posses* skeleton keys. Your detective arrived by the first train this morning, and questioned us all at groat length. You've failed me there, Jaok ; he isn't a Sherlock Holmes. Angela tells me her father goes about telling every person ht meets, in strict confidence, that he always considered me a very dangerous and unscru- pulous man. Alphonse, Mr. Maurice's valet, goes about looking sly. Is it only because 1 had to tip him again last night when I believe'he knew I had been kissing Angela in the conservatory, although he looked quite 4 distant ' as he oame through in searoh, as he said, of his master, or does he know more of the mystery than we do i Yours as before, R. Friday. Jack, I'm done for. How on earth shall I clear myself ? The family silver disap- peared last night. Alphonse has just turned against me. He says I am the burglar, that 1 bribed him with gold to keep my secret, for he found me on Wednesday night stealing through the corridors with my hands full of diamonds. Your detective has been terrifying Al- phonse by oroas- questioning him, so ^ he saves himself from suspicion by lying against me. Of course, I was not in the corridor at ali, neither have my hands at any time been 4 full of diamonds.' I should say that Alphonse himself was the burglar had he not slept out of the house last night in the gardener's cottage to make room for tho deteotive. Angela is in tears ; old Rivers comes cursing every few minutes to my bedroom door (it is locked on the outside), and demands the restoration of his ruby shirt studs. The deteotive says there is no doubt of my guilt. I am to be taken to stool. My poor darling, how will she bear this trial ? Will she, ino, learn to doubt me P I should like to pitch old Rivers and the detective, together with Alphonse, into the lake that lies brooding to the north of this historic mansion. I can scarcely realise the full horror of my position. Shall I be able to prove my inno- cence, Jack ? Send me down a lawyer at onoe, 'and let him be a better man than the deteotive. Yours distractedly, REOOIB. Saturday. Better news, old fellow. Old Rivers allowed me twelve hours' consideration whether I would go to gaol or confess all and return the valuables. I spent the allotted time in the smoking room, in the oompany of that detective. Daring the night my bedroom was entered, and my valuables stolen. A million blessings be on the heads of the thieves. The circumstance that muddy footprints, about twice the sizo of mine, show upon the window-ledge and carpet has persuaded old Rivers that I did not do the actual predatory, deed. He still tints that I maybe, toe leader of a gang, but hints won't send me to prison. I managed to see Angela early this morn- ing, and :ho dear girl told me to keep brave, as sho does. I Yet 1 saw that she had been orying, and I she owns that she has not the heart to put her front hair into curling..pins. Jaok, a woman like Angela comes very near being aa angel. Old Rivers rushes about the pl Ace measur- ing all the boots he oan find. As soon as he discovers one person beneath thin roof vi ho owns feet the size of the muddy footprints ho will become abusive. ; Alphonse has just oonfeased that he did not imagine me to be the burglar, but 1 The deteotive he seemed to expeot something.' As I thought, the oross- questioning terrified Alphonse into accusing me. I did not say, 4 I forgive you, Alphonse.' Washington has always boen my favourite hero, and I strive to live up to his illustrious example. Think of my peril, J aok. I was nearly destroyed-sacrificed to a IVenoh valet's instinct of self-preservation. I am in bettor spirits. Don't send the lawyer. I may yet find the duo to this mystery. R. Sunday. DEAR JACK,--The mystery is not solved yet. A cordon of policemen surrounded Berry Hull last night. We none of us retired to rest, but remained together, quarrelling and boring one another, in the drawing room. Now and then someone would head a search party, stealing silently through the mansion. Notwithstanding these efforts, another burglary took place. The butler's pantry has been cleared of every ounoe of silver. We are spending the day in a most un Sabbatarian manner. The most remarkable ideas are started by various members of our party as io the thieves' method of work. Aunt Sarah says ' they come down the chimney '-Angela believes in the existence of a band of burglarious ghosts. Mrs Maurioe, who is very nervous, entreats her husband to take her baok to town, but he refuses to leave the spot where the family gems (paste) were last seen. The detective says he has a theory, but no one believes him. Jack, you know a good horse when you see one, but you aren't even a fair judge of detectives. A great effort is going to be made to- night by Tours REOCUE. P.S.-Sunday evening. I have a clue now ; the villagers supplied me with it. They came in dozens this afternoon to stare at the outside of the houBe ; the oldest inhabitant was brought in a donkey's cart, so I questioned him as to the past records of Berry Hall. He said : * Weel, meester, I've see'd a mighty deal o' things i' my time. I'm not for sayin' as I heven't my own idea aboot the mansion ; but it's mortal certain, surely, as there has been as many as three burglaries in as many years, an' no one ever a wink the wiser, so to speak. Polka do say, too, as the owner, as livos in furren parts, don't care not a scrap for 'em.* On being further questioned, he replied : 'There be a many o' the great fam'lies as has grown poor, so to say, an' b'ain't jest as particular about things as they used to was, an' ef so be as there bo fam'ly sperrets (ae tho Lord knows I don't say as there be, neither way nor that there be'ant), why, isn't it uateral like, meester, as they'd do their best, according to their lights, for th' old name ?' So this village veteran believes that the proprietor has a hand in the burglary ? I can't put my faith in the ' sperre is,' though my dear Angela shivers pathetically when they are mentioned ; but my aged, gossip has given me a clue. Till to-morrow, good-bye, Jack. Monday. Triumph ! I, Reginald Vernon, have solved the mystery ! I haven't oaught the burglar, but that is a detail. I orept about Berry Hall from nine o'clock last night to two thia morning, when my alert ears heard a rustling in the dining room. Stealthily I glided along the corridor and into the apartment, to find. ... a lantern tumbling down the chimney. I seized it, relit the lamp, and began to clamber np the opening it had come down, when I remembered that if I got stuck half- way to the roof, I should probably remain Lhere ad infinitum. So 1 came down, summoned the household, and then, in company with the detective, ascended the chimney. There proved to be a flight of steps out in it ; most of the chimneys iû the house have identical brick stairs. They all lead to the roof, where there is a secret chamber. From the seoret chamber another ladder descends to another hidden chamber in the lowest cellar, from which an underground passage leads for miles to a ruined monastery in Berry Wood. This being summer time, no fires have been lighted, and we hear that no family has ever stayed a winter in Berry Hall. All the tenants have left early, partly from fear of burglars and ' sperrets,' partly on account of the smoking chimneys. No wonder the proprietor always lets his muusion for a year from midsummer ! The rent is high, considering the perquisites ! The muddy footprints on my window-sill were manufactured in order to direot sus- picion away tr om the chimney. I ana wanted at this instant by old Rivers. 'He is sending me to town on the traok of the burglars. Yours in luck, RBGQIE. ( A Telegram to John Lee, Esq. ) Oaught 'em ! Hurrah ! Angela's mine Letter to follow. Berry Hall. DHAJE CHUM,-Tho burglars are in safe oustody. We (the detectives and I) found them, with the valuables, hidden in White- . ohapel garden. The mystery of Berry Hall is solved, and the proprietor has left for the Argentine Republic. He probably thinks he will be safe there from justice for an indefi- nite period. No wonder he would only let his mansion for short tenanoies. Angela has her dear head on my shoulder, looking over this letter as I writo, so excuse oooasional blots. Mr Rtvoru has bagged my pardon for his suspicions, and, better still, he has given us his paternal blessing. I have forgiven Alphonse, who is laid up with a nervous attack. I should oall his malady ' deteotive on the brain.' You will have to be my bo9t utan, Jack, on August 10th. \- For this aud all other reasons, consider me, Evor yours (and Angela's), R V. 