EVERYTHING. A 'ghost* impersonator at Bendigo has narrowly cscapcd being *hot. A European at Espiritu Santo, New He brides, has beea killed by natives. This is how tobogganing was lately des« crib?d by a Chinaman :-" Whish-h-ht ! Waikecbjck two miles!" Tho advantage of having a fat mail for a Piemier is that he c<ui always floata I loan. 11 As blind as a baft" waa a phrase in« vented by the first cricketer who got out for a duck epg A new paper has ttartcd in London callcil 11 The Baby," It ought to bo a howling SUCCOS3. A boy named Uetd, aged thricyesr.*, baa been ac;«lded to death at Lteche'a Gully, near TenterfioM. Two bundled men arc making fair wages on the Jordan goldfield, Johnstone River* North Queensland. A. J. lindy, the Australian cyclist, led in tho fifth mile of the Cues Cup raco, at tho Crystal Palate, London, which ho woo. 15 is stated that Mr. C. H. Morris has parted with Fairfield, the crack jumper, for £200. President Kruger has closed oversea tra&lc; via the Zaud-drift, without the consent of Gr. at Britain. Tho United Suites Government has throwu the I'hilippino ports open to tho trado of the world. A young woman who hit the Bendigo 1 ghost/ with a stone, was brutally struck iu the face by the alleged uppa?iiion. A M\fe containing £37 1ms boon stolen front the Horseshoe Hallway Station, near Kalguurlie. Fuirfitld won the high Jump priz^, £15, at the Melbourne Show, on Friday. The chest* nut cleared Gft 2in. Threo Victorian Indies leave at onoo by the Chuugela to work with tho China In land Mission. A volunteer was fined on Friday for hav* iug fired his rifle twico while in o railway carriage, At Gawlcr (S.A.) on Sunday Itist, five pulpits wcro occupied by ladies, mem bers of tho Women's Christian Temperance Union. Nouo of the animals who wont into tho Ark took their lug^ago with them, with tho exception of tho elephant. Ho took bis trunk. Tho action by tho widow of Dr. Williams against the chemist who sold her husband atropiue for cocaiuo resultod in a verdict for defendaut. thVi0.ci, a»cd (W.A.) shares recently reached quofcelph^8' p>icc at which they have been hnincr .VJ'o present nurket value of themino Tlie itiuxX £2,250,00°. TTnrtnn nii.J f°r LRh°r and Industry, Mr. meu as well as >hc recently that sea scntod on tho MarfiB»;?ore.8hou,<l >» rePr° Arthur Ktruy comn. . ton, ii Melbourne suburb smcido at Oarl a third storey window aX Jumping from smashing his skull ou tho paviA8 lodgings, Tlu* poor whu is apokon of ai*" marry Fritic«*ss Victoria of Wales is1?^" *° be Lord Rcvelatoke, of the financial HI of Baring. Ho is iu hid Hath year, five yeaff. older than tho Princess. Tho Bendigo police lmvo so fur been un able to tolvo tho mystery attaching to tho remains recently found »t Sandy Greek, which showed indentation by phots. An old man named Harvey, who had bn.cn refused admission to tho Ballarat Hospital has left three hundred pounds to that institution. A cur pen i er named Jacob Hann^r, em* ployed at the Bendigo Bridge works, and WIIOBO family rrsido at Kedfcru, dropped dead on Tuesday morning lest, while at hia work. The interior nf a gold-bearing rook was inspected in an Oregon town by means of tho Routgen rays, and veins of auriferous metal were as plainly visible as if they were on the surfaco. T. S. MarehaM, a storekeeper of Port Germoin, died ou Saturday irom a re volver wound, supposed to havo been self inflicted. Heforc starting in the Hampton Handi cap at Caultield on Saturday, Veloce was given the beat part of a bottle of whiskey. She finished iu a much moro rcBoluto man* ner tlmu she usually does, and won quite easily. Tho Timr.s states thut Russia ia employ ing 14,000 ooolicB in tho construction of tho connecting New Chwang with tho main southern lino toTalionwan, disregarding tho rights of English landowner?. Tho Uue-« siuns aro constructing an entrenched camp at tho junction. President Kruger, who is now over 72 years of age, was a famous athloto in his youth. Ho is very fon'l of the fact that ho once ran against three Zulu runnorn, and boat tho best of them by over ten miles ; in this raco ho covered more than eighty miles in 21 hours. In India they havo a slraugc spoeios of climber commonly known as tho " vege table boa constrictor," which twines about giant trees so tightly as to choke them to death. Soiwtimo3 knot holes in tho trees occur just where tho serpent's oyes would bo, and the pfFcct is etartliug. Tho pretty South American bird called tho " motHr.ot " is said to begin shaving at maturity.* Naturally adorned with long blue tuil'feathnrs, it is uot satialled with thom in their natural state, but with its beak nips off tho web on each sido for a space of about two inches, leaving a neat littlo oval tuft at tho end of each, llcutcr'a correspondent at Pekin states that Great Britain ia demanding railway concessions from China as compensation for tho granting against British interosts of tho concpalon for "tho construction of tho rail way from Pokin to Hankow to a Belgian syndicate, which is supported by Russia and Franco. Mrs. Mary Webb, 70 years of age, who resided at Marriekvillo, and who was ad mitted to the I'rinco Alfred Hospital on Thursday morning suffering from severe burne occasioned by her dresB coming in cntact with a lighted candlo wbiio aho was in tho act of getting out of bed, died in tho institution about noon on Sunday. Edwards, tho English rider, who at tho boginning of tho year, in America, an nounced hih inloi b on of riding 3G5 centuries during the your, is still riding his 100 miles a day. On July 0 ho completed thodoubTo century of coutiuios, and has long ago broken all records for continuous riding. At, tho Perth (W.A.) City Police Court, on Monday, John Mellor was committed /or trial on a charge of shooting with intent Mary Gi'rlrudo Mcllor, at Green Hushes. The parties, man and wife, wero living apart. The accused, it was alleged, fired a rcvol vor shot at complainant becauso sho would not yield up possession of a girl, the only eff pring of tl-o union. Tho I nut parcel of smoited gold sent from the Mount D.ivid mine (N.S.W.) realised from £1 2s 4*87d per ounce, which is of ex ception 1 quality for roughly tmolted gold. Tho Mint value of chemically pure go!d per ounce of 2-1 cirut is XI 4h Iljd, eo that tho gold referred to was about 070 "{fine,*' or about 29} carats. Tho Liverpool branch of tho Navy Leaguo entertained Lord Braeeey at a bunquet on Friday night. In reply to tho toast of tho evening, Lord Brauaey declared that tho navy was never in a better Mute of pro pirodnres than at present. Australia, ho added, wna an impregnublo Imperial out poafc, eapablo of offensive operations. M. ttlowitz, tho Paris correspondent of the l.ondot) "Times," ^states that tho Grrman vVnr Olli:o refrained from giv ing iuf"rmation lo tho French Goveru mont that would havo olourcd Captain Dreyfus of the charge of treason because it feared that tho rovelations would cause General F3oip<iofTro, Clii-f of the French General Staff, whose incapacity for tho otlico was favourable to Germany's plnns, to bo di»p'accd. Ilupert Charles Dawson, aged eleven years, son of W. IT. Dawson, an attendant at Callan Park Asylum, while flaying in tho grounds of tho institution on Satur day afternoon last, foil between forty and fifty feot down a shaft in connection with a sewer which is in courau of being con structed by Messrs. Cuter, Gummow, and Co, On tho body bolng rjcovured by James* JIuin, Ii.'o was fouuJ to hi extinct. A Ind iMtied Leonnd To vna witne^io l the oocurr.ios 