LILIAN TREMAYNE'S SECRET. BY BERTA M.L CnAY Authoress of "An Ideal] Love," &c.;) CHAPTER XXXVL THE PANGS OF REMORSE. With all her pride, her ambition, her arrogance, and love of power, Lucilla, Countess of Lytte, was but a woman. After her second open quarrel with her son, she determined never to have an other, if she could possibly avoid it. There was something in his manner that chilled her through and through. He was not the plastic boy that she thought, and the way in which he resented what he termed her interference in matters which concerned her only in the abstract, was cold, cutting, and effective. Then he went away, and she felt piqued-ill-used; butthe days lengthened into a week, and there was no sign of the young earl This was cruel of him - downright crueL She had one or two balls in prospect, and other things of a similar nature, which are of so much importance to certain sets of the aristo cratic world. It was too" bad of Athol-people were beginning to talk. The last to see him was Lady Frances, and Lady Frances: had been ill since he went- away. How ever, she would go to the-Travers.house,, and see the girl. She could endure this suspense no longer. The countess ordered her carriage and. was driven to Lady Travera'. She wondered she had been able to wait a week, but then she quite expected to have heard from Athol, or from some body. Lady Travers was at home, but she did. not meet her old friend in a cordial manner. She showed plainly that there was something on her mind. "You have not heard from the earl F" she asked. "No; am almost distracted about him I quite thought that you or Lady Frances would have given me a call. I want to know what he said to Lady Frances." " Then you really do not know, Lucilla ? -you have no knowledge of this 1" asked Lady Travers. " I can only surmise that it was some thing unpleasant-t had pressed Athol to make known his intent.ons to Lady Frances, and he left me with angry words. Believe me, Anna, it was the wish of my life that our children should marry, but it seems that it cannot be, and now it is too late. I fear that I have estranged my son's affections. He went without one word to me, and has made no sign. I am proud, but my pride is broken. "Frances is not well," said Lady Travers, "and I have been afraid that she would drift into a low fever of some kind-but she is getting better now. I have felt very angry with the earl, but angrier with you. It seems, Lucilla, that we have been wilfully misleading our selves, and Frances has been loving a man who never thought of her only as a dear friend." " He told her that ?2 cried the countess. " Yes. He told her that, and he told her that his love had been given long ago to another-that you knew of it, and that you were primarily the cause of so much disappointment, misunderstanding, and needless suffering. lie declared that he was going away, never to return-he was broken." The countess gave a low cry, and covered her face with her hands. " Gone away i" she moaned, and with out,one worI to me." "He will come back soon," Lady Travers, s'id, pityingly. "I do not believe that you have misled us wilfully, Lucilla, so let us kiss and make up. I am sorry- for you, dear friend, very sorry)." The countess shed tears of anguish and mortification. " The whole world will be talking," she said. ' " Athol must be mad to act in this way - mad. I did not think that he would go far.. I knew that he was very angry with.me for snubbing his friend, Sir George Granville. I only did that thinking that it. was for our good-his own good. When did Lady Frances tell you, Anna T'" " Not till yesterday. She would not say a word till yesterday, and then she seemed relieved. Will you see her, Lucilla 1 I would rather you did not at present, for she is terribly upset. All her sympathies are with the earl. You speak of Sir George Granville. Do you know-Ilike the young fellow very much, True,- we have not known him very long, but he is clever, honest, and comes of a good-old family. I am surprised you did notapprove of him as a friend of Athol's" "It was not that, Anna, it was not that. I thought that he was paying Lady Frances too many attentions on so short an acquaintanceship -I was jealous of him, and angry with the earl for his indifference. Further, I have nothing against Sir George." "R He has'-been:here:twice this.week," went on Lady Travers, "and, if anyone is in the-earl's confidence it isSir George Granville. Lucilla, this kind of thing cannot go on;- we mssut put our heads to gether and get the earl home again. If he drifts away. it may be years before he comes back. He-will be offto Australia sheep-farming, or gold- digging. My brother Augustus went off in the same way thirty years ago, and no word has come from him from the day he left us." then- adei?f-w?a-?-t- y-olu"mos iinsa-ho the Times. It will never do to let the matter become public." "No-no; a thousand times no." " And it would be better to make the asmendt honorable to Sir George and consult him. Believe me, he is a clever, hard-headed fellow, and very fond of the earl." The countess was willing to do any thing, and the very next morning Sir George-was in attendance upon her. " His sorrow must not be made public," he declared. "He was really in a desperate state of mind-the state of mind when weak men commit suicide. I am not sure, my lady, whether you are acquainted with all the facts of the case; if you are it will do no harm for me to repeat them." " Go on," said the countess. "All may be summed up very briefly. The earl was passionately in love with one who has been proved unworthy of him. She has been proved to be holding flirtations, if nothing worse, with other men; his idol is shattered, and he believes that his misery will kill him. He went away because there was no sympathy for him at home. He told me that you, his mother, would gloat over him m his hour of sorrow; his only relief was in solitude. No counsel that I or any one else could offer would have been of any avaiL Hle was wretched reckless -desperate. He wrote to me finally, and said that he was going where paid spies could not be employed to watch him. The letter reads like the emana tions of temporary insanity. I have not heard of or from him since." The countess was as pale as death. "She had been proved unworthy of him," she murmured. "He "was going where paid spies could ,not watch him.: Oh, my poor boy I I have sinned, and my wickedness has found me out. I am a broken-hearted woman." Sir George could offer no advice beyond waiting. " If it gets to the ears of the public," he said, "you will drive him to suicide. A hundred ambitious detectives and a thousand newspaper men will be at your doors. Try the 'personal' columns, but I do not think he will pay them any attention-even if he reads them. When he comes back, it will be of his own free will." Sir George did not feel much sympathy for the countess. In some way he felt that she was responsible for Athol's trou ble. So the weeks slipped by, and the town house, so recently bought and beautified, was closed, for the countess was taken ill She went to stay with Lady Travers, and her gay life suddenly ceased. She had but one wish-one prayer-and that was for the earl's rbturn. There was some secret on her mind, and the proud and haughty woman was humbled to the dust. The servants had all been sent to Lytte Hall, with, the exception of Vincent and my lady's -maid. The town house was left in the handn of the caretakers. [ It was Vincent who kept watch over :Woodbine Cottage by my lady's orders. It was Vincent who had kept my lady so well posted concerning all that went on there She was hoping that the earl was somewhere in the neighborhood; then she heard of the little home being broken up, and it was my lady who saved it; it was my lady who purchased the furniture from the sheriff, but Vincent never knew this. She had begun to distrust and dislike the sneaking little valet. He had dared to be insolent; he had demanded various sums of money at various times. Her only confidante was Lady Frances, and one day Vincent was detected prying among the private papers of his mistress. She told him to go, and he defied her. Oh, what humiliation was this ! She was in the power of a thief-a sneak-and had she not helped to make him so He laughed at her, and was ejected from the house, hurling back threats and denunciations. His wicked laugh rang in her ears for weeks, but he did not come back again ; he only wrote an insulting letter without any address, and told her that he was biding his time. The weeks glided into months, and there were no tidings of the earl.. The nine days' wonder was over long ago:; society talked about it no more; but the coun tess had aged years in that short time, she was like a woman with a secret-a secret that breeds remorse- remorse that saps up one's very life. Then came Athol's strange letter from Cranleigh Fields, and she was nearly hysterical with joy. He, still lived, he had been ill, but he was glad and hope ful. She showed it to Lady Travers and to Lady Frances; then began to fear that it was an ugly hoax. It was not like Athol, and the handwriting was strange. The ladies sent for Sir George Gran villo; it was always Sir George now if they wanted advice, and he did not care I to what trouble he went, if he could only I earn a smile from Lady Frances. He was I her devoted slave. He read the letter, a very perplexed look on his face. "' I don't know what'to make of.it," he c said. : ' Hes, toll._s. :that.rwo.??lsotnot. I ._?iro after him. Well, 1 will see about I that. I will go this very day, and ascer- I tain the truth at least." He went, and Dr. Allbright was not c surprised. " I quite expected some of his friends I to come," he smiled, '"so am prepared. 1 The earl is here, and at present under chloroform. My operation only began c this morning. I cannot say if it will be successful or not, but we must all hope 1 for the best. At any rate, his life is in no danger. You can have a look at him, as you are so close a friend, and have i been sent by the countess. Sir George followed the doctor into a darkened chamber, a coverlet was thrown off a form that lay as still as though in the last embrace of death. The bandage was taken off the white, thin face, and the baronet started back with an exclamation of pained surprise. "Poor Athol," he said, "poor;Athol I And all this for the sake of a woman !" He gazed at him for a few moments, then went on: "I am much obliged to you, doctor, and I can now fully satisfy the Countess of Lytte. She has suffered also for her pride and lack of motherly sympathy. He looks happy, even in his idsensibility. What is this new hope that has suddenly come into his lif "?' Dr. Allbright rew pale, and actually trembled. All I can say is that I hope it is not delusive. If it is, it will kill him I" The doctor could be induced to say no more, and Sir George returned home, to 1 take a little comfort to Lucilla, Countess of Lytte. CHAPTER XXXVII. "wnO IS JOHN COX?" "You are sure that you are not mis taken, Vinc6int 1 You are quite sure that your eves did not deceive you 1'" "Quite sure, yourgrace. Why,lhave known him since he was a baby, and the moment he spoke I knew that it was the earl He was talking to Mliss Tremayne as busy as you please, but I noticed that sLo..geign.-_r Mrs.. Temple, and there hew-they-got together." ""': The duke literally danced with disgust and anger. He muttered more than one ugly word, and reiterated the question with which this chapter begins until Vincent grew tired of answering it. L'And we are as far as ever from the main issue," the duke said. "The Earl of Lytte down there, and with her Impossible 1" " If I tell you that a servant told me that he hal been shot in the eyes in mis take, just about the date he disappeared, and that he called himself Mr Dudley, perhaps you will be satisfied I" grumbled Vincent. "And what induced you to come away with such a half and half story I By Jove, Vincent, you must be an ass I" " I daren't stay after she had seen me. I tell you she swooned right under my nose. I think you o ght to be thankful that I disrovered what I did. 1 made off early in the morning, as I've no relish for getting arrested." Vincent looked anything hut pleased by his master's disapproval. He considered that he had displayed unusual ability in getting into Dr. Allbright's house, and getting out of it again a free man. "The Earl of Lytte is there, blind, and calls himself Mr Dudley. Miss Tremayne is there, and calls herself Mrs Temple. What she is there for, or why this Dr. Allbright-who is a very old man-pays her a hundred pounds, I can't say." ' You have blundered, Vincent, in a most disgusting manner," thle duke said. "Perhaps you had better try what you can do yourself, then," was the insolent reply. "Do not provoke me to quarrel with you and kick you out," his master re torted. " Mind, sir, I will suffer inso lence from no servant." Mr Vincent felt that it was hardly time to show his teeth, and he became abject and servile. " It would be ruin to me, your grace, if you discharged me now," he said, cringingly. "I should have no character, having so lately left the service of the Countess of Lytte." He cast down his eyes, which blazed with hate and passion. They snapped like those of a hungry cur. " Let it pass-let it pass," the duke said. "I am 'naturally very much annoyed and astonished, Vincent. Just when I thought that we were practically shaping affairs to a definite end, by Jove I the whole thing rattles about my ears. You went out to find one thing, and you have discovered another-a perfect hor net's nest. I am bewildered by the turn of affairs. Leave me, Vincent; you want refreshments and rest after the journey. I must think what is now best to be done. I shall have decided by to-morrow morn Vincent retired, and, as the door closed behind him, he shook his fist fiercely in the direction of the duke. " lie's like the rest of them,'" he - mut tered. "And as soon as his'purpose has been effected, ' yours truly' will have: to find fresh lodgingsa- I shall bean eyesore to him, then, even if he succeeds, and from what I saw last night I don't, think he ever will." Vincent was deeply hurt by the way he had been treated. He did not consider himself an ordinary servant now, though he was in receipt of an ordinary servant's wages. " 1 suppose he thinks it was a charity to me to take me in to do his dirty work ' He won't stand any insolence from a ser vant, eh i He'll have to stand something else before I've done with him. Of course, if he succeeds in getting the girl he's after, I shall be of no earthly use to him, therefore ± must look out for num-. ber one. He's been mixed up with some shady people in his time, and I want to find out why he pays a certain John Cox a thousand a year. I want to know who John Cox is, and share in his luck. Vin cent, my dear fellow, you shall know." He shook hands with himself, and rang his bell with the air of a man who knows his ground. "Something to eat-sharp," he said to the servant, "and bring me a bottle of good claret." ' The servant obeyed: with alacrity, for bMr Vincent had a fine suite of apartments to himself, and was evidently a very im portant personage in the household. He lunched luxuriously, and invited the butler to have a bottle of port with him: He had never conducted himself, in this way before, and retired to bed much in toxicated, and muttering : "John Cox I John Cox I Yes, Vincent, that's your cue." lie appeared next morning as usual, and the duke fixed upon him a gaze half inquiry, half distrust. He did not quite understand his secretary's jaunty air, particularly after the reproof of yesterday. le began to be half- afraid of this sleeky little valet. " Ha, Vincent; just pass those trades men's affairs to the butler's box," he re marked. "I am preparing to leave town at once; I am going to my place in the country to keep my friend Tremayne company, and shall want you to follow to-morrow." " Yes, your grace." "Now, 1 have summed up the position, and, itis briefly this : It is deuced awk w.cLd. 'LihatnantUouwto.orite.w to-er Mrs Temple-tell her that her papa has met with an accident of some kind -the nature of which we will devise in the course of the next few days. In the meantimewe must get rid of the keeper, Bates. If need be, the old gentleman and his keeper can pack up and be off. I only want the girl. ' In some way she must be decoyed to my place, and then I'll find means to make her consent to be my wife-yes, even if I have to resort to mesmerism. I am worked up to such a er-pitch of determination that I will not be baulked. You understand, ViYi centl" " Yes, your grace. Oh, you will suc ceed all right if. you make proper terms with mel" "Proper terms with you I By Jove I what do you mean I," "Only business, your grace; I don't want to be turned into the street and penniless at the finish. And this is risky work, you know." "He I" the duke breathed a sigh of relief. "You need have no fear of that, Vincent; and there is really little risk. It is quite possible that Miss Tremayne will make me some sort of promise with out any trouble. If not, there are twenty ways of compromising her, and I am not particularly nice at bay." " I am quite aware of that, your grace," Vincent said. "You know nothing yet. My plans are not formed, but I will succeed I I am rich, powerful-she.is poor and friendless -she shall'be my, wife. :, L.love,:her too much to harm a hair:of -her-head;'but' I will envelope hers with,ra 'ebithat she cannot' break through." "And what is my part, your grace I" asked Vincent. "Obedience." "Don't forget the risk, your grace. What am I to get-what payment ? This is only business. I- know that you will not require my services long, and Lwant to feel on the safe side." "You are impatient," was the haughty rejoinder. " What terms do you expect and desire I" "Something similar to those you have with John Cox.'" ,The Dcii o, Meoi was .not.1sly tr~e onf hi gr.."d. -bbt he jumped Sc hi.' fcet with an oath, hIs face turning deadly pale. Then he sank' back into his seat again, laughing softly. "' Ah I Vincent, you are a funny fellow -dencedly funny. We will settle every thing when we get into the country, and I want you to superintend the packing. See to it, there's a good fellow. You have never seen myplace at Bedfordshire. Charming place, Vincent - charming place." He walked to the window, and for a few minutes stood gazing into the crowded street; then he came back, and gathered up some papers that lay upon the writing table. " I am going to my club, Vincent, for a few hours," he said at length. "Make all arrangements for our departure by an early train to-morrow." " Yes, your grace." When he was gone, Mr Vincent scratched his head in doubt. "Have I done right I" he asked him self. "I raised something in him, but I don't know whether it was the tiger or the monkey. No matter, I'll stick to my new text, and keep my eyes open." He went on with his work, now and then pausing to mutter " Who the deuce is John Cox " CHAPTER XXXVIII. R0Y~OND OYD'S RETURN. Marian returned home in a moat peculiar frame of mind. It is.impossible to describe it; she could not describe it herself. It was a great intermingling of hope, joy, fear, and doubt, first one and then the other gaining the mastery. Athol lived-her own true love I he lived, and he loved her still. He had never been false to her in word or deed -but, oh I he was blind-blind-and she was indirectly the cause of it. And the terrible-the malicious story that he had heard concerning her-the story which had nearly distracted him. Who would have been guilty of this mean, wicked fabrication? How natural for. poor Athol to be angry and jealous, when he saw Raymond Boyd at the gate, and she had sent him away-scornfully refusing one word of explanation. But in one short month he would perhaps be well-his sight would perhaps be restored, and then he would know all -he would know how true she had been -how fondly she had always loved him. When she left the train at Broxbourne she hired a fly to take her home, and urged the man to drive fast. What could alil poor baby 7 He was well when she had left him but a few hours before quite well. She hurried indoors, and was met by Maggie, who looked excited rather than anxious. " What is the matter with baby 1"-she whispered. " You must excuse me, mistress," replied Maggie.. "I wanted you to come as soon as you could. There is nothing the matter with the child, thaniki:god ness; but his father is here, Mr Boyd, and I didn't know how, to put it to you in a telegram." Marian was astonished. " Where is he r" she asked. " Where is Mr Boyd I" " Iere," said Raymond, stepping from the sitting-room beyond with the baby in his arms. "'Marian, I am back, you see, and what a home coming was mine." Maggie took the child from him, and left him alone with Marian. "My ship was wrecked," he said. " One shaft broke, and we were floating about for three months, water-logged. We had to take to the boats at last, and she sank; only a dozen of us live to tell the tale.. You cannot think, Marian, how I looked forward to my meeting with my wife. I went to your Aunt Lavina's first, and she told me the awful story. It sounded like the knell of doom, and I have been ill for two weeks. But for that little child, I should wish that I had died with the 'majority of my comrades. I blessed the great Providence a thousand times for preserv ing my life for the loved ones at home, and then I nearly cursed God for being so cruel to me." He pressed his coat-sleeve to his eyes, and his powerful frame heaved with dry, hard sobs. "Marian," he went on. "You are bearing your cross with a fortitude that shames me. I have heard of your trou bles from Aunt Lavina, and from Maggie. You are a noble woman. Oh, how gladly I sighted the shores of England again I how I hurried. to Aunt Lavina's to write to you and to Lilian to expect me next day! I came with money in my pocket; I have enough to start life comfortably. A poor fellow in our boat, who was dying from exposure, willed everything he pos sessed to me, because I tended him while he was sick. - He had no other friend in the world, he said. F pitied him then, but now I pity myself a thousand times more." " "Raymond," she whispered, " I am so sorry for you. I know what it is to feel lonely-to feel quite alone in the world but you have your little child. He will grow;big, and be able to understand soon -hot will have something to live for- something to love." morn like hating him. But for that child my darling would have been here to meet me."' "Hush I Raymond. -God's will cannot be questioned." " God's will is cruel," he said, fiercely. Then he added, softly : "I want you to show her grave to me, when you have time, Marian-when you have rested." "I'will not be long. I must relieve Maggie of her charge while she looks after the lunch. In the afternoon, Ray mond, I will show you Lilian's grave." She could feel sorry for him now; his trouble seemed terrible, now that her own future showed promise. She found a long letter from the Duke of Medford awaiting her, and it was filled with glowing descriptions of her father's progress. A short note from her father was enclosed. He seemed to write a sensible, hopeful letter, and spoke of coming home to stay with his girls again soon. He had no use for any keeper now. His onlytrouble was an occasional loss of memory. Raymond Boyd spent the rest of. the day at his wife's grave, and he took' apartments at a hotel in the neighboor hood for a few weeks. " ll I love is hire," he ,said to Marian. " I can come in and see my little child, and then s.it at the head "of my dead wife's restir t-place.. Soon I must take the care of; the child off your hands, but not yet-n ot yet. ' It is not right that you shoulkt be troubled by other people's children -but I know that you' love the motherles s waif-and Mag ,ie loves it, too." Two weeks passed qu ickly, and Marian was wondering how At hol was progress ing. She had written to Dr. Allbright, but received no zeply. Only two more weeks- only two more weeks, and then she would go to COranl sigh Fields-she would tell her darling he 'w she had always loved him. She wouldl not wait for the doctor's invitation. One morning she m:ecived a telegram. She opened it with trembling fingers. Was it from Dr. Alloright? No; it was from Bedfordshlire --from .the Duke of. Mredord, and- onOy contained, a few " I am cominog toasdo -yon' ab ut your father. ME"DOID."" What had he to say about her father 1 She hoped that he was not worse, for Bates had boon sernt home a week ago. Well, useless speculation would not help her; she must wait until the duke came. He arrived about midday, and his face bore an anxious es cpression. He was ushered into the d rcawing-room, where Marian had been a waiting him for an hour. "I am not the be ,arer of good news, Miss Tremayne," he said, gently. "And at the same time I have nothing very serious to bother ye ou with-at least, I hope net. Your fats er fell down a flight of steps this mornin g!. and has broken one of his legs." "No-no I" "Yes, unhappily.. Of course, a surgeon was promptly in :attes dance, and if we could only keep b im quiet all would be well, but he decla res that he is dying, and you must nurse hi in. It is ridiculous, but the physician is oft the opinion that unless you come immedi ately, he will bring on an illness that wi 1 be fatal. We would have him sent home, but he cannot be moved." " And what am I to dot' asked Marian, in diet reaos. "I will esco :t you -to your father," was thequick rep . "am apositive that his life depends s rpon it. You may not be wanted more -than two or three days. As soon as the p ain of the reuniting bone has passed, he will be the first to acknowledge his folly. There is no time to linger in doubt. It is life and death. A train leaves here in half an hour, and it is only a journey of about two hours. Come, Miss Marian." "Don't you think that Bates had better be sent on also I It is not a ten minutes' drive to Dr Hunt's ?" she asked, ner vously. " There is no use for his services; he would really be in'the way; indeed, the very eight of him would make your father think that he was under control again." There was no gainsaying his plausible tongue, and he looked so genuinely anxious and worried that Marian did not entertain the faintest suspicion. " We must catch the next train," he added, " or we shall not get to Bedford shire till nightfall, and the roads are very bad at this time of year." S" Iwill be ready in ten minutes," she replied. "Will you wait here, my lord ?" He inclined his head, and if she could have/seen the gleam of triumph in his 'eye she would have been frightened. i. She'went hastily into the room beyond, where Raymond was seated playing with *his child. She told him briefly what. had hap ipened, and whither she was going, and kissed her little nephew fondly. " 'I shall be back in two or three days -atmost," she said. "I do not like flying about the country in this way, but there i· no alternativeandthe.duko has, been. very kind to us-to my unfortunate father." "If you will write or telegraph to me when you are ready to come home, I will be your escort," Raymond suggested. "IT will go with you now if you like." " There is no need. I do not wish to offend the duke. I was very cruel to him once before, and am on my best behavior now." There was a ghost of a smile on her face. "You will fetch me home, won't you, Raymond I" "The very instant I get your com mands," he smiled. She rejoined the' anxious villain, and Maggie saw them to the door. " It was fortunate I anticipated some thing of this kind," Marian observed, "otherwise I could not have dressed so soon: 'T have been able to bring no lug gage with me, but Maggie will send on my trunk to-night. Marian found that the journey occupied nearly four hours, and when they reached the railway station nearest to the duke's country house, it was quite dark. A handsome carriage, harnessed to a pair of dashing horses, was awaiting them, and the duke conducted Marian to a seat-the door was banged to, and the vehicle was put into swift motion. Her companion had scarcely spoken twenty words during the whole of the journey, and all at once a fearful feeling of depression came over her. She seemed to the very marrow, for it was a bitterly cold night; it was sleeting fast, and a cutting wind was blowing from the east. What appeared to be an interminable drive came to an end-at last, the carriage being pulled Uip with a jerk. \- The duke at once sprang up, and Marian was conscious of a sudden blaze of light. The door was snatched open by a powdered footman in gorgeous livery, while others stood under a brilliantly illumined portico beyond. .The duke stepped out, and 'assisted Marian to alight, and as she passed up the marble steps that led to a handsome, colonnaded hall, she was conscious of several servants eyeing her curiously. "-.Welcome .to " Medford 1" :said .the duke, " and may your" stay be, a plea-: 