Short Story. The Fortune of Fullwood. A Comparatively True Chost Story. Although I hear the common and somewhat plebeian name of John I Smith, I can, through my mother’s j family, reckon kith and kin with half . the noble houses of Scotland, and boast that near a score of my ancestors have “ kissed the ‘maiden,” or been hanged, drawn, and quartered after the good old style of putting the closure on " ex cited politicians.” Those of my readers who are themselves of ancient lineage may, therefore, appreciate the feelings with w'hich I found myself last spring, for the first time as I then thought, under my ancestral roof. I had been summoned to Fullwood House by Sir Francis Fleming of that ilk, to whom 1 stand in the relationship of third cousin once removed. Fullwood House, a very romantic old place situated on the left bank of the Clyde, not far from the uppermost cataract, came quire up to my notion of what the home of such a family as ours should be. It is true Unit Sir Francis himself rather disappointed me, he being a little, withered person, very absent-minded, and a thorough bookworm : hut. on the other hand, his daughter Margaret, his only child, was a worthy reprcseiuufive of the house of Fleming—“ a daughter of the gods, divinely tall, and inosc divinely fair.” Need I say that I fell in love with her ! At all events I fancied -myself in love. At niglvt. L was sitting alone in my room trying to convince myself that since all is fair in love and war I was entitled to do my best to cut our John Johnson, her fiancee, who was then in Johannesburg. AYliat was lie, after all that lie should become t;lie bead of the house of Fleming by marrying the heiress V If he had a pedigree I had never heard of It ; so far as I, or any body else knew, his only claim on the consideration of the Flemings Was that Sir John Fleming, the former laird, had been his guardian. As for me. I was tlie next heir after .Margaret herself, and had I not then the better right to her ? My meditations were interrupted by the entrance of old Tom Dutiable, the butler, with a nightcap for me ; and while I was testing the quality of that article he asked me wheilier l was nfrakl of gliosis. 1 replied that I was not, being indeed a hardened .seep lie In the matter of spooks. Then I asked him if tlie house was supposed to bo haunted. yon nnmrar in rno “ \e would nonce library Toni said. 1 nodded in the adirmnrivo. The ar mour be referred to could hardly pass unnoticed. From its size it must have belonged to agigamic man. Pir Frauds bad told me that it was believed to have been worn by Sir David Fleming, the crusader as lie was-called, at the battle of Bannockburn. “It’s bis ghaist—auld Sir DnuvitV rejoined Tom. “ Sometimes ye’ll see bis e’en glowerin’ at ye out o’ the belmlL It’s a fearsome sielit. 1 saw’t aince. That -was ae n'igbt I’d been up at the toun. I had beeu baein’ a glass or twaa Wi’ the minister's man, but I was deid sober. That’s what we’re bauntit wi’— Sir Dauvit’s gliaist Chat watches.” “■Watches what ?” 1 asked. “ The goold,” replied the old tnan, dropping his voice to a whisper, “ the goold that was laid by at the time o’ Prince Charlie by auhl Sir Bobert, and has ne’er been seen since. But—I maun Kang.” ■Whereupon.the..old mini hurried off as If It had suddenly struck him that he had said too mudh, leaving me a little disappointed. ■■ Surely,” I said to myself, “ surely the old buffer doesn’t think I’d ske daddle nv 1 th the donjon keep and the portcullis for the sake of the ‘ goold.’ 1 dare say 1 might try to steal the whole blooming establishment for the sake of getting Miss F., but-—” “ Paint-seducing gold !” It was a fairly apt sentiment, though I must confess I am not a saint, and I turned to see who had spoken, when I beheld a warrior of the ancient time clad in the very armour I had seen In tlie library. The visor of his helmet was up, and il could see his face dis tinctly; It was a masculine copy of Margaret Fleming’s features. “ Dost not fear me ?” he queried with a ra'tilier grim smile. “ I dost not," I answered straight off, and it was quite true. I have not nerves of steel, 'but really I felt quite at ease. “A living dog is better than a dead lion,” I added. “ I am a living man, and you—you’re only a spook; l'our bones are dust, and your soul is with the Saints, I trust—anyway it should be.” " By my halidome. thou hast a pretty wit,” retorted the ghost. “ Xatheless, there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in your philo “ Apparently there are,” I remarked. “ It certainly beats me to hear a four teenth century £hoSt quoting Shaks “ Shakspeare, say’st thou?” exclaimed the ghost. “ By’r lady, I could a tale unfold—but cease thy prating and fol low me.” iMy Ironclad visitor stalked off and I • followed him, -wondering the while why ' the whole house was not alarmed by the clanking and clattering he made. But we were not disturbed. Having reached the ground floor ’the ghost turned into a long, dark corridor, which, as I had beeu told earlier in the day, led to the north mug. I had not yet paid a visit to this section of the house, nevertheless, as my eyes became accus tomed to the gloom, the places we were traversing seemed to assume a familiar look, and when we emerged from the passage into a room I felt quite certain Hint I know the apartment. This place was almost square, and had a large (loi'h'ic window on the east side—that is in say, to the right hand side of the door by which we entered. The wall was lined with portraits, and I remem ber as I looked round that I said to mvsdlf—“ This is the portrait-room.” Meanwhile the ghost marched almost round the room, starting to the left from the door, and halting at the window be fore mentioned, to which he turned his back, and so faced me as I stood In the middle of the floor. “ Here,” he said, “ 5s my post till the full moon rises behind TInto and shows her face aibove the Tree of Doom. Watch thou for the sign. Farewell.” Then he disappeared in the twinkling of an eye. Of course ft was a dream. I did not take long to grasp that fact wheu X found myself whore old Tom had left me shivering before an expiring fire. Next morning, Sir Francis being in disposed and unable to talk about the private business which was the cause of my being there, I was dawdling about badly in want of something to do when Miss Fleming came to my rescue by offering to show me the family portraits. To my surprise she took me to the very place I had seen in my dream, and she called it by the very name I had given it in my dream—“the portrait-room.” “This place seems quite familiar to uie,” 1 remarked after looking round. “ Only,” I added, thinking about the ghost, “there seems to be something wanting.” •. " Perhaps you were here before,” Mies Fleming suggested. “ I don't think I ever was,” I re plied. She moved across the room to the place where the ghost had taken its stand, and there halted. “The suit of armour pojf. .Jj|. the library used to stand just here,” sho said. “ We had to remove It on account of some ridiculous stories." “ Indeed ?” “ Yes,” she continued, “ it was said that the original owner of the armour came sometimes and got into it, and then promenaded round the Tree of Doofn.” The Tree of Doom!” I echoed, “what “ You can see it from the window,” snid Miss Fleming. Site pointed to au elm tree, apparently very old, which stood on the lawn about twenty yards off. This was another point of my dream that had "come true” in a maimer. I began to l'ecl a little nervous, and I was soon to get another gliock. Miss Fleming was going round the room telling me about the different lull- trails when she halted before one that hung by Itself a't the north end of the west wall—the darkest corner of the room. “ This,” she said, “ is Sir Robert Fleming. Two of his brothers, .lolin and Frank, were out with Prince Charlie, and the story goes that he col lected all the family plate and jewels after the failure of the enterprise, meaning to smuggle the stuff out of the country as a contribution towards the expense of another attempt. The things were hid until a chance should arise of getting them away, but the chance never eaime. and they remained con cealed.” " Do you believe that story ?" I queried. " I a in bound to believe about, the hiding of the tilings. We know of ankles of value that disappeared about Chat time, lint,” she added with a sigh, “ 1 wisli that, was all we had lost. You have heard of the Fortune of Fnll I replied that 1 had heard of it, and mennl to ash for o .-usjth'i of it before I left, ft is a famous charm, the Fortune of Full wood—a brooch. I lie st one of which -was brought by Sir David, called the Crusader, from t'lie iloly Land. According to the legend, if anything ! went, wrong with the charm, if the stone i chanted to lie broken or lost, the doom of the family was sealed. “The Fortune lias disappeared,” said Margaret in tragic tones. “You know w’hat that mean.-—ilie family is doomed. After my lather there will be no more Flemings of FUllwood." 1 felt inclined to laugh, .but the girl appeared to be-quite earliest, in her belief. “ If I thought.” she continued. " that the' Fori line was anywhere about the Bouse I would have the whole building (-Ikon to pieces, stone by stone. Hut I no not think if is in the house at all. I h&Ve; searched every where, and I m sure f know everv nook ami cranny of it.” 1 ’ Ad idea struck me. " Did you iind," I asked, "any place whore the plate and jewels might have been concealed “No. Why:” Because the Fortune mignt nave boon put. beside them.” “ impossible !" -she exclaimed. “I he Fortune—t > u t wait—yes, the Fortune disappeared in m.v uncle's time. He was a bachelor, nud for a long time before he died he was Queer. I have been told that when he was dying he tried to tell any father something about the hidden plate, but could not. What is your Idea V” “ He may have hid the charm him self,” I said. “ Perhaps he found out where the plate had been laid away and put the Fortune beside it.” Theu, with many blushes, and the un easy suspicion that 1 was making an ass of myself, I told Miss I1 lemiug about the vkbit X bad had from the ghost. She did not laugh ; on the con trary, she was quite grave, and I took heart of grace to point out one or two J signifi'cimt things in the dren'm. No doubt, I said, Tom Da.nab Sets story sug gested the dream about the ghost, but there was nothing iu his story to ex plain mv familiarity with the room, nor to .suggest the idea of what the ghost had said. " It was 41 revelation,” said Margaret decidedly. ” This is the time of the full moon. I'shall have Hie armour put back into its former place, aud this very night I shall watch along with you for The only delinite recollection I have for the remainder of that day up to 7 o’clock iu the evening is that I thought it was very queer to find an up-to- date young woman like Murgitret Fleming wit'll such a strong streak of supersti tion in her composition. My eyes have since been opened to the fact that such abnormalities are by no means uncom mon. However, 7 o'clock found us in the portrait-room waiting for the “ sign.” By-aud-by the moon appeared from behind the' massive bulk of Tinto, and slowly—painfully slowly—mounted the heavens. 'It plunged into a bank of clouds, aud (I was within an ace of say ing something strong when it emerged, showing directly over the Tree of Doom, and throwing a flood of light into the , apartment where we were. It shone in, and that was all. I do believe I ex pected some sort of explosion. “ Look, look !” exclaimed Margaret, catching my arm and pointing into the far- away corner. “ Yes,” she added almost in the same breath, “ that must be the sign.” This is what wo saw. When the moon was directly over the elm tree the moon beams were thrown from the window diagonally across the portrait-room into the corner where Sir Robert’s portrait hung, but the shadow of the armour standing at the window was thrown in the same direction in such a way as to edlipee the portrait. At Miss Fleming's command I took down the porrrai’t while she lighted up the room. Then, before I could form anv idea of what she was going to do next, 3he had taken old Sir David’S battle-axe and let drive at the panel ling which had been covered with the picture. The axe crashed right through the wood ; there was it hollow in the wall there. To tear away the shattered wood was easy, the operation revealing a little bbamber constructed In what j appeared from the outside to be a solid buttress. 'In this hiding-place were two boxes—one about 3ft. long by 2ft. deep aud wide, and strongly bound with iron; I the other bearing a strong resemblance bo a lady’s workfbox or a folding desk. Margaret laid open the smaller box wit'll her battle-axe and gave a cry of joy to tlnd that it contained the Fortune of Fullwood. The other box was open ed later on in the presence of Sir Fran cis, and was found to' contain several I pieces of plate, but the value of the find j was nothing like the value of what had been hid—the traditional value, that is. ! Perhaps Sir John Fleming, the brother | and predecessor of the present laird, i had dra’wu on the treasure at the time • he entered the secret chamber to hide ! there the Fortune of Fullwood. 1 As I do not Want to be interviewed by psychical researchers I shall now ex i plain the ” ghost” to the best of my ability. When I went home I told my uncle .Tames, who is a bit of a philo sopher, all about the affair, and he told me tha't some months before the death of Sir John Fleming my father had taken me with him when he paid a visit to Fullwood. On his return my father told my unde all about the house, and about the legend of the hidden trea sure ; he also mentioned that I had been greatly taken up with the suit of ar mour in the “ portrait-room.” My uncle had forgotten all about this until I told him .my story ; but, as be remarked, it was doubtless the memory of my visit In early childhood to Fullwood, and of hearing at that time the story of the ghost and the Tree of Doom, that had came back bo ine to round off the dream suggested by "the words of old Tom Danabie.—" Weekly Scotsman.” Wood-pulp making in Canada has In a decade grown to an Industry with' an annual output valued at £200,000, and 1 wUb an Invested capital of £600,900, 