WOLFE'6 SCHNAPPS It the pureBt distillation known to science. It rewards all who take it by assisting digestion and keeping the bodj in health. Miss Ada Deleot and her cmu a good time in India, and at iatSt^' 1 Calcutta Opera House, doing <. r, 0J • * tf 6«i3 1 Delroy is due back in Engird in j 0ll some important engagement . e H The Tiller dancers are nniier a rr 1Ei 1 engagement to Harry Rickard, , "The Liars," which Char!: H Cart • poses to produce during his E*a?on J^ 1' celebrated it3 hundred and fi! tieth t at London Criterion last week. ^ "FiRGiNius"iB really very bUie "T took Audrey last night, and ebu ingith? out. She was dreadfully shocked h lot to shock Audrey. ' " > Why do they in musical c .vuedb. j plays make any French characters th - in the cast speak such broken and Iuium" A French play has to be transwl'7 English boards, therefore it stands to t 1 the dialogue of French characters translated. If the representatives of t ej parts have dialogue business together I 1 transact and discuss it in pure undtfil'JT or pure Eng.ish—either is correct but' English, never. It's as much lite (V French. By-the-way, what kind of French do French dramatists make thai-l characters speak ? * Miss Noney Seabrooke left for London Id Cuzco. Mies Beabrooke, who originals ,!!Ji with Frank Thornton, but o*ing to an nate disagreement left him, has had uneven and unhappy time thif side. Hugh J. Emmktt is in Tasmania withtas logue entertainment, and has forwardedtai Launceston'papere, which contains anacatm successful three nights' season given thaS Mi^s Edie Haytor will take upMi Ss{ part of Jack in tne Opera House panto Saturday night. "The Sign op the Crosp "Ccmpsnydol at the Princess' at the conclusion of the j and musical comedy season. Albert Bellman is a most enti amateur photographer, and is busy witu shot camera at present getting Ud pictures and scenes to show the folkei America. The Firm's arrangements have beetjl altered, and " The French Maid " is ton the Princess' once again for a season befoi Babes" and their trials show. Miss Addie Conyees concludes her i meat at the Opera House to- morrow (i£ night, and leaves for London by the I on Tuesday. The only Rickards wanteil Bhapely Giant Killer to go West for a season, but Miss Conyers, a ho has indifferent health during har present visit li colonies, taking into contideration heat and the reputation which Perth M general unhealthiness, deemed it wiserb accept the offer. Miss Conyers' prerentn tions are to take a long rest on getting! before making her re-appearance on the 1 boards. Punch want3 to say something and i knows how to say it delicately. As th on which the " something " is going to I itself a d-ilicate and tab joed one in polit his difficulty will be underst >od; but sifl "something" he must. Will for the sake of a tortured public for wht gentleman with the crooked back audi appealing, wage a fierce war and eoteti from their theatres thie little insect whicM the name of flea. There, it's said! Timf creature is at present in an extremely flotui state in our playhouses, as drama patn know to their cost, and, like the unruly a wants putting out The sight of a ciowdew smart circle when the lights are lowered, frantic dives at portions of their anatw wriggling around when tte curtain i6 d" the front in light is not very edifying. " Jack The Giant Killer " continues ioj the giant somewhere under tbs fifth ribn at the Opera House to splendid bneinea] giant apparently doesn't die., but reformj we Tiear talks of leading & very Wmp life, which, as his nose indicates, would i amiBS. The circle and gallery allied for express enthusiastic approval when comedians on asking for a glass of wbifij" the liquor in the bulk, and applaud joj» somersets of the pretty Pansy of thepron Fred, Ay don looks sorrowfully on the toi»l arrive too late to get in, ana wishes twj citcle was stretchible, and couid be ei the time being by some patent, novel,: discovered process. Tbe portrait of a beautiful actress, who is famous for fcfr oiBr" rewntiy published in a thebt'Jca' undr>rr eith tbe picture from which tbefl «jl stag- ladv pmirkid with 'em all on»PP« 1 advertise ment of a brummagem pearlan ^ ^ merchant. The clote proximity ot« A jewels to the mock-bauble sd W8E_ made one think of the realce^s of tee' this wicked but nice world. Walter Bkntley iB going to giw•* lectures in Sydney this month. £ "talk" entertainments will proba here at a later date by Mr. Bentley, Walter Spong painted part of the f « Pine*o's new play, « Trelawney ^ produced in London recently, ana w f popular scenic artist's daughter. Spong, is appearing. This discussion by bilious critics re stage morality can serve no good purpose. Actors and actresses are just as moral and as good br as the everyday individual, but folks must have things to talk about, and as mummers are so IneDtiy r ' ; ' MIE biJjn. [lire. " i tbetu ' r. it's r./.- ^ I eii'i a ctfrs i./-'- gr-D : - ' tW- , Wtll' nets •'• vH< lientJi I .ed to - arid hi.- Foutthai .•„. ir eyes they talk about ',! have her scandal with ^ u s t supply it. If they (,n her imagination and never dreamt of doing; .','.'.:.. it's always been the '•'"Z"'' The talk on players' :' ;V; n(7 up the awful sex question adeoir business knows we are all sick of it , ,,-v ire atone of the London ' ',,- name of Lillie Langtry. ;ir & pieaeing little serio. v ery oridnal soraetimeB, • i :.yneB. We once bad out •;vuil.er of a former Gaiety \- : :vc under the Jersey Lily's .i- know bearing of her r. -o the theatre, planked i-hi-i to a seat and waited • salt -us Mrs. Langtry. He j-*sl article, but she never 'naively annoyed wheu he ...J been " had." > a number of recent really good produci this ciiy have been spoiled by one > little Iht on the part of the stage management— |k of a stage covering. Tbe > sight of a pmntry set, with a charming cottage at p, and what is supposed to > b-t a country fl a garden ora meadow represented by the cards, is rather > disillusionising. There j places wherrt they cover tbe green grass itner > earth with deal planks but; they've p-en heaid of yet. A suitably-painted j > fljor covering doesn't run into much p, and helps to mike the complete > artistic i of a well-p aved piece. S jmebody once [speaking of some minor > truths, " but these ^ails." That charge may be made in [ of this little > harangue; but details are i principally to mike up life. THE London Pelican comes out every Xmas with a special number, to which the different articles, stories and " pomes " are contributed by leading lights in the London theatrical profession, We have been favoured with the '97-8 extra issue of tbe journal in question, and after glancing through the contents and recovered a little from the anguish caused thereby, must emphatically state that that the nuthoring-artists donjt write as well as they act, aud eome of them don't act too marvellously, ye ken. The best little effusion comes from Miss Kate Cutler; the worst from—welll we won't say. MI'BS Ethel Hayden tellB the story of poor Fredericks death m "Faust," at the Princess', and Seymour Hicks 6ends in an " original " poem, which is no less than the ' Brother Bill" verses given by J. J. Burke at the Royal months back, and Mrs. Langtry tells how she waB humbled. That's tbe first the world hau heard of the Jersey Lily ever being humbled, anyway! Who could have credited it? THE Lynch Family Bellringers closed a BUC cessful seison at Broken Hill on Sunday last Miss MAGGIE CROSSLAND and Miss May Lucas, two of the dancers who go to make up the Tiller quartette, weie here before, as the public will have read, with "The Gaiety Girl" Company, and recall the visit of that company to these shores with very pleasant feelings, and refer to the bright and happy time they all had here in 95. Another such company would be very welcome. AN interview with Edgar Granville appears in a recent number of tbe Yorkshire Harlequin, which the interviewee has foiward-.-d to us. The two principal pieces of information extracted from Mr. Granvil e by the fJailequin scribe, are that he is over 7, and is coming bacK to Australia shortly. THE Lynch Family are announced at Port- Augusta to-night. THE New Zealand Observer says There was an unrehearsed eff«ct at tne performance of ' 1 he Sign of the Cross' in Cbristchurch, which made a great' hit." At the close of the second act one of the leading ladies, Btanding under the drop scene, had arrived at that part of her soliloquy where she ex.liims,' I'll do it! I'll do it!' wben tbe curtain came down on h^r, and she very briskly 'did it,' to the loudly- xpressed delight of the pi-." It may have been scte*mingly funny and all that, but it might have been serious for poor Berenice. "THE SCARLET FEATHER " was withdrawn from the btage of tne London Shaftesbury Theatre on the 7cb Jtnuary. The Firm's second London venture has fared apparently very little better than their fiitt: " Fiancillon." George Musgrove produced at the Shaftesbury on tbe 20tn January, "Sporting Life," wi h Seymour Hicka and Mrs. Cecil Raleigh in the cast. THE new musical compositions," The Campano. logian Galop," The Tantenfaul March " and tbe " Lynch F-itnily Waltz," by Pr.fessorH.nry Ritfcer, are highly spoken of by the musical critics. ERNEST SHAND has been airing his Australian impressions in the Manchester Umpire. The audience 1 , cities and the Melbourne tram service come in for about a quarter of his praise, and Sydney Harbour takes the rest. "THE TERRORS OF PARIS," a dreadfully ensanguined melodrama, is to be the next production at Sydney Lyceum. THE Calcutta Englishman of 24tb January, which manager Hamilton has forwarded to us! contains a laudatory sub-leader on the visit of the Brough Comedy Company. The season is declared to have been an absolute financial and artistic success, and the Englishman says very deservedly so, as the company is the strongest which baa yet visited India; and the plays submitted, taking them all round, quite the most bril iino series of modern dramatic effotts yet submitted in the E-ist. One lemaik made strikes one as being Rtrunge. The writer of the article declares Mrs Broug i's taient to lie in emotional acting not in com.dy. Her« it was a generally accepted opinion tda,c Mrs. Brough shone much biigmer in comedy aad farce than in more heavy aua terious piece*-. THE male characters in Pinero's new play, '• Trelawney of Tne WnlJs, ' now appearing at the Lond n Ct urt Tnehtre. all wear peg-top trousers, li^ht f ock coats, and hideous stove-pipe nats; wnust the ladies perambulate arouni in crinolines. Ttiink of it! and imagine a doleful heroine trying to be tragic or pathetic in a hoop, "i'is sad that at the dr<-ss rehearsal, and a few private trial " perambles," ih-» sight ot the ladies trj in=r hard to sit down elegantly w.tn tbe awful dresi- oxtonders was t-xcrem-ly mirth-provoking. The crinoline wouldn't k-iep do»n, and like an American new^piper, kep. on mifeing teatational aiadisburee. WHAT a lot of theatrical sensation?, invenfions and novelties died la'-t year. "Trilby"—pttu.ce to her ashes—gave up tne ghost for good and ail, thank goodness, in A.marica, tbe country that placed her on the stage; living pictures lost their attractive power, and sundry beauteous damsels who posed with very little on 'em in various caricatures of famous paintings founlthemselves out of employment. Opera was, and still is, in a very delicate state of health; " novel" drama towards the end of tbe year lay a-dying, and finally fizzled out early in the present year, and the dramatists got a show t6 put forward some original productions ; and musical comedy—tbe saucy, naughty musical comedy which those who are supposed to know said wouldnt last, is still with U4, and Bhows no sign of dying; it fact, it's in the neat of health, thank you, and feels very much alive indeed. ,^THE second night of " Hamlet" up at the Pcuicesa' drew the record audience, ia all respect*, wnich up to date has yet assembied within the walls of the Spring-sr.redt theatre. After tbe performance, Wilson Barrett made a little speech, and after thanking the audience for tbe magnificent reception accorded to tbe play, himself and his company, told the gathered legions of playgoers that tbe first six nights of '• Tbe Silver King "had put up a lecord in that theatre for financial results and crowded benches, but '•Hamlet" had bealen that record,and wonh ends do - n, with a few hundred of late arrivals, who had had to go disappointedly away, to spare. NEW YORK life and characteristics will be pictured in tbe sensational drama, " Tbe Shadows of a Great City," at the Royal on Saturday night. Orattan R'ggs is billed to appear in a part tbat he has made particularly his own, that of Mrs. Bridget Rjoney, a dear old colleen, who is the proprietress of an awe-inspiring brogue, some unique belongings, and a large and good heart, which can be, when occasion requires, as soft as the roe of a herring. Miss EUGENE DDGGAN, who successfully interpreted ingenue parts at the Theatre Royal under tbe management of Messrs. Holloway and Anderson, is a clever Shakespearian artist, and proved that she can read the great Bard's verse as intelligently as when she made her debut at the big Bourke street house some six year i ago. Miss Duggan's brother is now Btage manager for one of Fi ohman's companies in America. MARTYN HAQAN and Miss Lucy Fraser leave for vv est Australia to-morrow, and they open up at Cremorne, taking the places that will then be vacated by Dillon and Dolly Eicon. Miss EDITH MORLEY, Charles Cartwrighfs daughter, makes her first Australian appearance at the Bijou on Saturday night in " A Marriage of Convenience." BOWARD VEBNON takes up J. J. Burke's part in "Tne Babes in the Wood '' panto, on its_ production at the I J ?inctss\ THE Rickards' Biograph Company concluded its Australian tour on '22od February at Coolgardie. The Morritt?. Arthur Sherwin, the Biograph, and A. Jones left for England by the Oceana. The rest of the company joined the Tivoli company at the Perth Boyal. NEW ZEALAND is at present being entertained by a big number of really first-class shows; Cbristchurch booming and patronising especially well the entertainments set before it. The " Firm't:" "Two Vagabonds" Company concluded a season there last night, and Bland Holt opent a season on the 8th, and thtn goes on to Dunsdin. Fiank Thornton is annouced to bob up also in Chrisichurch on the 2&th; of this monih. "THE SIGN OF THE CROSS" will probacy be the first production by tLe Wilson Barrett Company when it visits Melbourne again. Local playgoers are very anxious to see Mr. Barrett as Marcus Superbns. FRED DARE was, when ti.e last English mail left, appearing in the Leeds p Miss CAEKIE MOORK, who is giing to play iliss Leatnar's part in " The Babes " 'ip the street, is a young aiiisle who has come forward with a bound, and ftom whom great things are expected. Miss Mnore is Miss Ada Reeve's undorstudy. THE Wilson Barrett mummers roiled up in great force to the AuRtral Salon's "at home" lac-t Monday ; so did the public, most the femiilo portion, and stared hard at the players and seemed rather disafp.intpd in a great inany cases that they looked ju-t like ordinary people. M JSS MAT POLLARD makes her L-fl- appparance at from the stage. ' THE Firm's Musical C trnedy Company eo on ail extended tour of toe colonies on the conclusion of the present Melbourne season. THE Ba'ary list of the principal artists now appearing in Harry Riok*'- Honse tots up to nearly £300. MADAME ALBANI mikes her first M-lhoume appearance at the Town Hall oti Sa-tU'dny. A huge hnu*e is expected. It; is to b« hoped tbat the wild 6cene th^t occutrad outcid> til * no ire of the hn'l in Svdney on the rffro's first, appearance will not be repeated here. GEORGE RICNOLD is stage-managing at Sydney Lyceum fi r ibe MacMdbon Brothers. THE two skulls tbat figuied in "Hamlet" at the Princess' were fine specimens of deadline' heads, and the thigh bones looked weird when shovelled our with thesoil. Ambrose Manning talked to poor old Yorick's heid, aid flapped its bony cheek in quite a horribly reslistic manner. ; JAMES F- CATHCAHT, the old (theatrical war-borse, durii.g his day played witb the following great stare: —Mnoredy. Charles Kean, the William Fatroo, Robert lieiley, BuckBtone, Tom Empry, Phelps Alfred WignD. Walter Lacy, Jamie Anderson, Henry Betty, John Heory Alexander M&ck;&y; (the original Builio Nicol Jtrvie) James Hndeon, Henry Irving, Barrv Sullivan. Sheridan Knowles ana Wileon Barrett: MWd-.mos Nesbitt, Glover. Helen Faucit, Ellen Terry, Kite Terry, Gbatles Eean, Odleste Fitzwilliam, and Caroline Heatb, the latter laay, by-tbe-way, a great favourite of tbe Queen's. "A SCARLET FEATHER" may possibly be done up at the Princess' during the present musical comedy season. Miss FLORENCE HOPE i6 playing a season over West with the "Golden West" Pantomime Company. MRS. POTTER and Kyrle Bslleiv wfre doing "Charlotte Corday" at London Adelphi when the mail left. THE gauge of an actor's popularity is the number of the photographs that are sold of him Pictures of Wilson Barrett and MIBB Maud Jeffries have been selling like hot cakes both here and in Sydney, Sydney being especially keen in purchasing them. WILSON BARRETT is to play a return six weeks' visit to this city on the conclusion of his Sydney season. Some of his English engagements will have to be cancelled to allow of this. Adelaide will also be visited by the popular actor, and a tour of New Zealand may posdbly follow. AN advertisement which appeared in a N.Z. paper announcing a complimentary concert which was to be given to Miss Eileen O'Moore (Bessie Doyle) described that lady as "the greatest lady violinist in the world." Wiich strikes us as being rather a large order. MR. ARTHUR THURSBY, fcrtwrighi Comedy Ccmedy Oc., Bijou Theatre. $U0tG. MISS DAISY BELMORE, Wilson Barrett Compact, Her Majesty's Theatre, bydaey. Talma photo. JAMES F. CATHCART, The veteran Br»ecia • to Wilson tfarreti'a Hamlet. 