CURIOUS 'WAGERS. ? $ ? A gentleman fond of a fast-trotting horse was always overtaken when travelling on the highway by a pony owned by a butcher in the local town. He cared not for price, but determined to buy this pony. When he got possession of it he found the animal would not go in its old style. In fact he was far slower ic. his hands than the horse he used to beat. The gentleman was an noyed, and offered to sell the pony to any one who would give half the price paid. He soon found a customer, who, after purchasing it, offered to back himself to ride the butcher's pony against any horse the gentleman possessed for £50 a-dide. The latter agreed to this. On the appoin ted day the new purchaser appeared on the pony's back with a basket on the pommel. They started, and the butcher's pony wanted neither whip nor spur, but out paced everything on the road and won with the greatest ease imaginable. The pony had never forgotten the butcher boy's training, and the basket reminded him of former punishments. Some years ago a farmer living in Shropshire attended Wenlock Fair, where ' high jinks' were going on. It waa a dark winter night;, and mine host's cheery fire attracted many customers, who perhaps indulged rather freely. The subject of ghosts was introducad, and an old turner remarked, ' He never see'd anything worse than himself on a dark night. There was no such things as ghosts ; ib was only the old monks as lived centuries ago in those abbeys that invented them.' 'Well,' replied a young man, ' I never knew any one who defied the ghosts that was not alarmed for his life within twenty-four hours.' 'I defy the ghosts, thpn,' said the farmer. ' I'll lay you a five-pound note and a dinner for all the company that you are frightened before you go to bed thi-* night,' was the challenge of the young man. ' Adoae with you,' responded the farmer, and they shook hands to complete tbe wager. In the town there had been some young acrobats performing during the day who were expert on stilts. The young man's mind was soon made up. He got the assistance of a boy and his stilts, and drove off before tbe farmer, and deposited the boy with a white sheet over him under a yew tree in an old churchyard, drove hie trap round the corner, tied his horse up to a gate, and returned to the boy in the churchyard. The wind whistled weird-like amongst the branches ot the old yew tree. Pre sently the old farmer's pony was heard trotting along the road, bis rider whistling a cheerful tune, perhaps to keep down his fears. The boy, as instructed, came over tbe sunk fence in the churchyard, and went down the highway on his stilts, hit) body covered with a sheet. The whistling became tremendous ; the horse's pace was checked to s walk ; presently tbe pony's head was turned round, and his steps were heard trotting back to the town, at firBt quietly, th n at a quick pace. The farmer, looking himself like a ghost, turned into the inn yard, askod the ostler to put the animal in the stable, went into the tavern bar, and and asked mine hos» for a bed. Then having a stiff drop of brandy he said with a sigh, ' I've Ios6 my wager. Never seen such a thing: in my life before. It was nothing earthly. I could see the ground underneath the thing's feet. I oould Btand it no longer,' and was proceeding to give details of the ghost when the young- man appeared, and the old farmer confessed he had been frightened and lost his wager. ' Order the dinner in,' eaid the young man, 'there are only six of us here, and you'll be let off easy. The night's young yet, and I shall not take the five pounds.' The whole party laughed heartily at the old farmer's fears as he recapitulated tbe circumstances over a hearty meal. When taking their grog afterwards tbe young man confessed to the triok. The old farmer rose in a towering passion, saying, ' It's good for you, sir, and good for me, perhaps, that I had not my usual pistol in the holster. Ghost or no ghost, I should have fired at him, and as I am a pretty good shot there mi^ht have been some trouble brought upon all our beads.' 