^a^W*«'»W'''»'r'O^'jm!KU^'^%M^ i Mysterious Bisap pearance. CHAPTER V. The woman gaTe a little startled scream. She would hare closed the door, but the senior officer of the law pat his broad shoulder against it. 'That's no use,' he said, quietly. ' You'd better take dona the chain and admit us. We hold a warrant for the arrest of Mrs Stephens on a double charge of robbery and murder. We know tnat ane is on the premises, ana we don't intend to go away without her.' 'Murder ?' echoed the barrister, aghast, his thoughts and those of Leonard Lindsay reverting to Percival Vaughan. 'Yea, murder, gentleman,' replied the inspector tranqnilly. ' I don't know what your business here may be, but Mrs. Stephens has been 'wanted' by the Jaw for a' long while past. Now, my ' good woman, will you open the door or shall we ?' Learing it still on the chain the startled creature turned and fled down the bare narrow passage, calling wildly on someone by name. Fearful of an attempted escape, one officer ran round to the back of the cot tage, while the other strove to effect an entrance by the window, but itwos strong ly secured from within. Martin Hay nes told him the purport of their visit to Lone-tree Cottage. 'So your friend bas probably been done to death by Mrs. Stephens or her associates,' was the consoling reply. 'It 'will be another indictment against her. Can you help me, gentlemen, to break in the door?' «. 'That is unnecessary,' said another and a very different voice, 'I will admit you.' The door was flung open from within. Martin Haynes and Monica's brother nttared an involuntary ejaculation in their profound amazement. On the threshold — gaunt, haggard, unshaven, the mere ghost or effigy of his former well-groomed, fastidious self —stood Percival Vaughan, silently re garding them. 'Good Heavens — Vaughan!' cried the : astonished barrister. 'Vaughan, old man, thank Heaven you're alive !' His former chum had seized him by both hands, and was almost crying over him in his great relief. Percival Vaughan drew back a little as if bewildered at their presence there. His sad eyes travelled onwards to the polioe-officers already in the house. 'You are here for the purpose of arresting Mrs Stephens ?' he said. 'Yes. Where is she V And why are yon living on the premises, in hiding from your friends— eh, Mr. Vaughan?' 'Come with me,' he replied, quietly, and not without dignity. 'I will take yon to her.' He led the way to a room on the ground-floor st the back of the house. They all followed him in silence. The room was very cloan and still. It contained little beyond an iron bed stead, on which they saw, when Peroival Vaughan removed the white covering, the still form of a grey-haired woman, who had once been very beautiful. Her hands were crossed on her breast her worn face was pallid in its last long sleap. Death had opened a door for her, and ' Mrs. Stephens ' had escaped her would-be captors by only a few hours only. CHAPTER VI. Your prisonor is there,' said Peroival Vaugban, indicating the dead woman. They had all bared their beads in the solemn presence of death. The barrister felt more perplexed than ever at the man ner of Vaugban's reappearance. 'Do I understand that you hsve been assisting Mrs. Stephens for some time past to evade the law ?' asked the in spector, 'Whatever her faults may have been,' was the calm, bitter response, 'you could scarcely expect me to denounce her. I am her son.' 'Her son !' Martin Haynes began to grope his way . towards the light a little. 'Yes. If you will come into the adjoining room lam pieparedto explain mv creaenco here.' They went. This room, like the other, was poorly famished with bare essentials. '1 havo told you that the deceased woman, Mrs. Stephens, was my mother,' said Percival Vaughan. 'bhe was twice married — I beiDg her son by the firBt marriage. 'My father, an artist, died while I was still a lad. Unhappily for us both, shortly afterwards she married again. 'Rupert Stephens, her second husband, several years youbger than herself, hod been brought up by a married sister, whose foolish indulgence had developed all that was worst in a bad nature. He was cruel, intemperate, a spendthrift and soon ' my mother, an accomplished, highly-educated woman, bad deop cause to regret her second marriage. ' For awhile Stephens lived on her earnings as a teacher of music and sing ing. FindiDg these inadequate, he drifted into the society of criminals, clever thieves, and forgers. 'They induced him to become one of them. Worse still, my mother, then a woman of good principle, was used by Stephen and his accomplices to assist un consciously in working out their nefarious EchemoB. 'At her husband's request, unaware of their worthless nature, she presented seveialforged chequo3forpayment. Thoy were traced to her. She was arrested and santonced toaloDg term of impzisonuiont. Her true plea of innocenco went for nothing. 'Her misery and mine at this period I can scarcely describe. She clung to me in hor frantic despair pi'tor beinjof gen tenced. They could scarcely pait us. Stephens hid himself for a time, or, mere youth though I was', I think I should have Killed bim. '?There was one child by the second marriage,' proceeded Percival Vaughan, ' a girl. Stephens' married sister, who occupied a good position in Society, took her after my mother was sentenced, My half-sister grew up, I believe, in entire ignorance of hor s ad family history .' His eyes rested on Lady Glendare's husband while speaking. 'I have never at tempted to approach or enlighten her. ' Before my mother regained her liberty Stephens died, the result of an accident. 'To my sorrow, when we met I found that undeserved punishment bad hard ened and embittered my mother against the whole world save me. 'No friendly hands were stretched out to assist her; save those of Rupert Stephens' former confederates in crime. She made a bTQ7e struggle at first, only to be shunned on all side by respectable Pharisees— my poor mother ! Then, in sheer despair and want, she reverted to the old methods of 'obtaining money. 'Sho passed forged cheques again, this timo aware of the wrong act com mitted. I was then earning a bare pittance as a young clerk, and could do little for her or myself. 'Justice overtook her eventually. She received a second and longer sentence. Before she had been imprisoned a year an official intimation of her death reached me. I could scarcely regret it cinder the circumstances. This left me quite alone in the world, save for an eccentrio bache lor uncle, who scarcely deigned to re cognised my existence thus far. 'Tired of my unprofitable clerkship, I threw it up and went to the gold- fields. While there the news arrived that my uncle had died leaving all his property to me by will. I left Africa and travelled for my own enjoyment there, eventually coming back to London, which held for me such painful memories. 'Before long I became engaged' (his pale face flushed) 'to a dear and beautiful girl, whose connections were above re proach. 'Since my unhappy mother and hus band were both dead there was no link left to connect mo with their criminal career. I conld marry the woman I loved with all imprjnity as I thought, and ignore the past. 'One day I came across an old chum of mine.' He pointed to Leonard Lind say.' He bad left his wife ill at Liver pool to come up to town with a packet intrusted to him by a man then dead. 'He was so anxious to rejoin his wife that I offered to deliver the paoketfor him, and he consented gladly. It was addressed to a Mrs. Stephens, but the name did not prepare me for the truth. When I went to fulfil my promise,' said Percival Vaughan, 'I found myself face to face once more with my wretched mother. 'The announcement of her death while in prison had been the result of a mis tike between her and another convict of the same name. ' On coming out to learn that I had completely disappeared, she had lost all desire to regain a respeotable position. Since our last parting her life had con sisted of alternate frauds and terms of imprisonment. - ? 'When I by this strange chance came across her, she was ill, penniless, and in hourly dread of arrest, owing to a still graver charge preferred against her.' ''Yes, a poisoning case,' said the inspector of police. ' After a quarrel between some of her associates at a dingy hotel, where they met to disouss their schemes,' resumed Percival Vaughan, 'a man waB found poisoned. But of this crime my mother solemnly assured me she was innocent, although suspicion attached to her. The poison had been administered to the viotim, she stated, by a Frenchman named Dubois, while she was not even in the house.' The inspector made a note of this important evidence. ' She was both glad and sorry to see me again, poor soul !' said Vaughan. ' We reoognised eaoh other at once. Yet the fact of her existence was a fear ful blow to me. While Bhe lived I could never marry, I stood within the dark shadow of my mother's ever-present dis grace. At any moment she might be arrested. 'To return home, to explain the horrible situation to my friends and finances was impossible, leather than do this I reBolred to disappear entirely — to devote myself for the brief re mainder of her unhappy life to my mother. 'It was I who took her away from Ploistow after securing this retreat. A friendless woman, to whom she had been kind, and who could be trusted to' keep our secret, came with us to act as servant and nurse.' ?? And the packet intended for Mrs. Stephens ?' asked Leonard. 'It contained money, sent by her only brother, Jack Lambert. With the money wqb a note imploring her to make a wise use of it, saying ho would have loft har more, but he feared it might be productive of harm rather tbnn good.' '? My mother,' continued Vaughan, ' died early thiB morniDg of acnte heart disease, for which she bad been modioally attended. She was thankful beyond measure to have me with her at the l»6t. Her death had the peace denied her in life.' Martin Haynes held out his hands to Monica's lover. ' Speaking for myself, Vaughan,' he said, ' I consider that you havo acted nobly — as a man should do — under most distressing conditions. But your self effaoement has entailed much suffering on Monicn and Mrs. Lindsay. ' ' I knew it must bo so,' lepliod the other, brokenly, ' but what could I do ? In silence lay my own refuge — and my mother's safety. If Monica know my history — \ ' It woul not make tbo least differ ence in hor affection, dear old chap,' in terposed Leonard, ' if my sister is the girl I take her to be.' (7b bo Continued) 