JIM BURROW'S PARTNER. (BY ROBERT L. JEFFERSON.) Jim Burrows came into our camp in north-west Canada one morning almost at a run. He displayed more alacrity than any inhabitant had discovered in him since he first landed on the gold fields two years back. He made straight for the saloon, shouting as he 3 went, and the diggers who were just then on their way to the claims paused and looked back inquiringly; hesitated certainly they did-and why not, for Jim Burrows had never been known so excited before? He shouted, and his snouts bore an invitation which knew no refusal. It was an invitation which Jim had only given out once before, and that was two years before, and the invitation was precisely similar-it was an invitation to a drink. 'Blame me,' said Bill Crossley, ' but I believe he's struck it ! But where's his pardner ?' 'Looking after the claim-what do you think? said Jake Morgan. ' Struck it rich, of course he has. Don't they all behave like this when they strike it ?' and they crowded into the saloon, and Jim Burrows paid like the man he was. He sat on the bar and told them the tale, but he winked and nodded, and not a word could they gather as to where it was. He knew it, he said, and his partner was looking after it. He had just come down for tucker, and then off again; and when he'd got his papers, then he'd just invite the boys up and show them the spot. He was not un grateful, not he, and he was just going to do the thing right and proper and square; but he was not going to have t. any jumping, not he. He knew his game, although he'd only been two years at it, and now he'd struck it he meant to go right through. I watched Jim Burrows interestedly, for of all men who had come doen to Jacksonville, he was the last I expected d to have luck. Luck is an element on all goldfields. Some men come in to. day, and may be rich to-morrow. The pioneers are the losers as a rule. Jim Burrows was a pioneer. He had dis covered the region, and like a good many other discoverers, was none the better for it. He had worked as a e, washer for those who came after him, \- and though now and again he was wont \- to go off on his own account, it seemed that luck was not to be his again, for he d always returned more morose, more gloomy than ever. Some of. them pitied him, others despised him ; but why the latter I could never tell, unless I- it is that in human nature there is only reverence for the prosperous and con tempt for the poor. \- Anyway, we all drank Jim Burrows' whisky, wished him the best of luck, envied him, and went off to our own claims. Days passed, and Jim was absent. He had been down the river to the office, he said, when he returned. ts He had got his papers, and now he is would show us where it was. Up over to the mountains, beyond a creek, and e- down in a narrow gulch was Jim E Burrows' claim, and a big piece he had parcelled out, of a solemn truth, and experienced nminers shook their heads and said there was no colour left for anyone else. It was only a little twig of a stream, not a quarter of a mile long, and little wider than a ditch, and Jim and his partner had been careful , enough to leave only the wash for those who liked to follow. But we could not grumble, and filed it back to the settlement, a lot of us hoping that Jim's pan would turn out a'l right, and a good many, with that Ih perversity of human nature strong in SI them, half hoping to see him fail. Day followed day, and Jim and his partner, Grogan-the latter an Irishman of the most Hibernian type-were \- absent; but one day Grogan turned up with one of the longest and strangest tales we heard for a long time. He came into the villiage irt quiring right andileft where Jim Burrows was. Shure, and he'd left him three days previously, and never a sight of him had he seen since. Bedad, and it was too bad of a him to leave him up there working alone. Colour 1 It was more than they could carry. Every pan was worth it thirty dollars, and he supposed Jim had ,d gone off on a spree-bad luck to him l ie But Jim was not in the village, nor had anybody seen him, and Grogan was distressed. Nor did Jim appear for five days or at all, and during those five le days Grogan remained in camp, drink , ing pretty heav:ly, and reviling his partner for his absence. SOf course, we all made various sur mises as to the cause of Jim's dis d appearance, and all were equally plausible there was only one thing for a it, however, and that was pending his * return Grogan should go on with the isclaim. And he did. He worked Lt almost night and day, and when the d sheriff came down from the town pre pared to escort the bag back, it was freely calculated that Grogan was worth a hundred thousand dollars, and the S claim not yet a quarter worked out. It Speculation rose as to what had be come of Jim Burrows, and it was freely hinted that Grogan knew more than he > cared to tell One night a few of us entsito t.the claim (stealthily, it is coming. We had not disturbed him, either, and when we saw him lying full g length before his tent, his face covered with mosquitoes, and the log fire before him playing its light on his body, we a just passed by, and searched amongst the diggings, for it had occurred to us that we might find the body of Jim Burrows lying aroind. But we dldn't, and we sneaked back to the villiase as mystified as ever. The whole summer passed and the winter came down. Gradually the noise about Jim grew less. He'd fallen over the gulch, perhaps, and had been carried into the big river. Anway, he was not the first man who had disappeared suddenly, and, pending evidence, the only thing to do was to do nothing-which is an expression which Grogan himself might have used. I was back in England. I had failed. You only hear of the successful gold miners; you don't hear much of the C f.,ilures. I had spent my little all, and had returned to my native country not with hopes shattered, as novelists 0 would say, but just as keen on resumnin v my old occupation, and thinking that in J that work, at any rate, there was a living, and perhaps it would be more congenial in London than with the mosquitoes of North-Western Canada and its cold. It was not a very ambitious programme which I had mapped out for myself. Cab-driving, be at the best of'times, is not the sort of a thing which most men would yearn for, L. although the box of a hansom is fre quently occupied by men who once knew some social standing. But there is something about the life which gives in a fillip to existence, and even when it >st was hard to make the yard money, I ity never felt quite so down as when I was in struggling-vainly struggling-for a d- sight of yellow amongst the sand of my die digger's pan. , m he Gradually, but all too surely, amidst en the whirl of London life the memory of ad my experiences in Canada receded and \- became duller; but all were brought or back to me of a sudden one day, and so that was when I was crawling along the ,is gutter of Piccadilly, eyes all round me :w -if such could be the case-on the ch chance of the fare. It was a dull, misty ad night in November ; the streets are al ie most deserted, and I was about flicking as up my tired horse, so as to get to Piccadilly Circus, when I heard the hail ut from a club quite close, and went to it :s like a shot. A tall, bearded man, well dressed, got into the cab and gave me Io directions to drive to Euston station. ck I at once whipped up. and was soon 11 bowling through the side streets, but as ?' I went thoughts began to run rapidly Id through my head. Where had I seen Ls. the man inside before ?-and I had just te turned into the Tottenham Court road, id when like a flash it all come upon me, re and I knew my fare was Grogan. ,s The first thing that I did was to pull td up, the next to get off the box, the iffI third tp tear open the doors and to shout s, out : - S ' Why, Grogan, don't you know me?' . I had expected him to start forward, 1g seize my hand and shake it, and say, d ' Well, I'm blessed ! Fancy seeing you e here !' But he did nothing of the sort. is He simply stared hard at me, and said: 'o 'What in the name of Heaven do you te call this ? Are you drunk ; My name's not Grogan. Get on to Euston I' y, I was knocked back, as you might to say, for I saw I had made e mistake. :d I apologisel as well as I could, got up in on my box again, and in a few minutes 0- was saying, ' Thank'ee' for the half le crown which my fare handed me. m Though it was not Grogan, yet during is- the rest of that night I could think of >d nothing but him. It was certainly a se remarkable likeness, anyway and the a more I thought the more vividly came n, back my memory of the times in the nt goldfield, and Jim Burrows and his :d claim, and of Grogan and his partner. 1e Days passed, and the little incident be re g.n to have less interest for me. m But one day, perhapra week later, I ut was driving near the Marble Arch, when ss who should I see but my fare walking ly along towards the gates. I looked at n him intently, and now I felt sure that I had made no mistake I whipped off 's' the box, caught hold of a newspaper boy k, told him to look after my horse s head, m and the next Iroment had turned and as followed the man. I reached him in a er few strides, passed him, faced about and d. looked him square. Yes, it was he re there was no mistaking him this time. er It was Grogan, and as I looked at him id I saw his face turn pale and his jaw m drop. Id ' Come, Grogan.' said I, ' it's you id after all. Well, I supposethat now you Is are a rich man, you have forgotten or your old companions of the diggings ig -eh ?' le He gasped, and I saw him turn as if id about to run, but I caught his arm and ul held him. He looked around hurriedly. se 'What do you want with me ?' he said in thick tones. ' Shure, and what :d do you want to talk to me about dig us gings for ?' His eye ran rapidly over my ut costume, and lighted on the metal badge at which dangled from my buttonhole. in ' Ah, yes, he said, ' I remember. You have your cab here ?' tis I jerked my thumb over my shoulder. In ' You will drive me to my club ?' re I nodded. 'p 'And,' said he, ' I will tell you all.' :st I said no more, and in a few minutes le I was driving my old companion of the ht mines to his club. e, ' You will come inside ?' said Grogan, y, when he had alighted. n ' I can't leave the cab,' said I, ' but' of -and I looked him squarely in the face ig -' I will take it to thei'iFd, and will ey join you in ten minutes." th And I did, and in a quarter of an sd hour or less was seated with Grogan in 1! a private room, and listening to one of or the most outlandish stories that as ever I had heard. Grogan started off Ce by reminding me of the disappearance me of Jim Burrows from the settlement. k- ' And,' continued he, ' I know very is well that some of the boys thought that there was nothing of that sort of thing. r Jim was gone one morningwhen I woke s- up, and I thought that he had gone ly down to the village. WVhat else could r I think of ? I waited two days for him, is as you know, and he didn't turn up. I ie came down to the village, and he wasn't :d there. Where was he? Nobody could IC tell me. I went back to the claim and e- work it. I worked it tor nine months, ss and you left, I think, just before I did :h -just before I sild the property and ie came to England. But let me tell you what I did. I made £15o;ooo out of e- that claim, and my first action when I ly got to England was to put ;75,ooo e I aside.' s ' What for ?' I interrupted. very day on which Jim Burrowsleftme dI saw him come straight into my room. sit down before me, and talk.to me just eas he did on the night he left me. e Terrified ? Shure, and I was that, for I Sthought it was a ghost before me. Jim Sspoke to me, asked me about the claimn, n and then he spoke up, and told me that t, half belonged to him, and I said yes, it Sdid. ' And you will keep it for me ?' rsaid Jim; and I promised him I would. Promised him, I say; but it was a ghost I was speaking to. I know it was a ghost, for I could see through him ; and though I heard his voice, it seemed to come to mre from the air and not fromn Shuman lips. When I went over to him to see whether I was right or not, ;im Burrows had vanished. ' Now, you will laugh at me, perhaps, and think that I have been broding over Jim's disappearance so much that my brain has gone a bit; but exactly I one year from that very night I was in Paris. I was walking down the Cihamps Elysees, when suddenly I found some. r one walking beside mec, and heard a voice in my ear. It was the voice oft Jim Burrows. ' You havenot forgotten said he, ' that half the claim is mine ?e You will keep it for nme, won't you, old man ? ' I will keep it foryou.' I said; s and then we got into the crowd, and ia sawr no more of him. That very night tl when Igot home, I drew out my cheque s book, and I wrote out a cheque, pay- ti able to the order of James Burrows, for 75,000ooo, and see herel;' and Grogan t pulled out his pocket-book and extracted from it a slip of paper, which he handed to me. It was a cheque made payable to the order of James Burrows tor the sum of £75,000. ' When he will come for it, God knows. I have tried every means in my power to find out something about him, who his people are, but I can't. Over in Canada, every commissioner, every sheriff on the diggings has got my ad dress, and if Jim Burrows comes back— well, there's his money.' This was, indeed, a peculiar tale, but more was to follow ; and here I put it on record that Grogan acted towards me Ike the gentlemen I did not think he was. £75,000 is not a heap of money in these days of millionaires; but Grogan had invested his well, and was in business, and I threw up my cabbing and went in with him, and I changed my opinion of him right away. About six months passed, and the month ofJune arrived. Grogan came into the office on the morning of the sixth day. and asked me to follow him. I went into his private room, and we sat down. The door was closed, and then Grogan spoke: ' Do you know what the 6th of June is ?' asked he. ' The 6th of June,' I replied. ' Anddo you know what the 6th of June was four years ago ?' I pondered for a moment, and then remembered. ' Yes, the day when Jim Burrows dis appeared. ' That's why I have called you in,' said he, ' because I feel as certain as I am sitting here that---' There was a knock at the door, and in answer to the peremptory ' Come in,' a clerk appeared. ' A gentleman to see you, sir.' I am too busy to see any one,' said Grogan. ' But stay-who is he ?' ' He will not give his name, sir. He wants to see you on private business.' Grogan looked up, and his gaze was fixed on me. ' Can it be?' he muttered aad then turning to the clerk,. said, in a loud voice. ' show him in ;' and the next moment there walked into our presence Jim Burrows in the flesh-no ghost; and as he came I saw no shiver or start on the face of Grogan, I simply saw him take out his pocket-book, extract the cheque, and while Jim Burrows was holding out his hand and saying, 'Shake, old pardner,' Grogan shook his hand, and between them they clasped a cheque for £75,000ooo. 'What's this?' said Jim. 'Your share of the claim, Jim.' 'What I the claim up in Canada.?' ' Yes-£75,ooo. We cleared a £50o,ooo, ont of it. We went in partners, and there is your share.' Jim looked bewildered,' he said, what doesit all mean. I desertedyou be cause-do you know why, Grogan ? I found a claim better than ours, and I went over the hills to work it. I deserted you because I had found another El Dorado, and I didn't want you to share in it; but I went there without food, and though I worked and worked, what could the colour bring me ? Only the sight of wealth, but not a speck of food. For three diys I worked like a madman, digging out great nuggets of the stuff and lying thei "round. Then I really went mad -mad with I?eer, and I wandered off south trying to find you--trying to find the village; and I remember no more until a few weeks ago, when I found myself in a-madhouse m San Francisco, and they told me that I was known as the mad tramp who had walked all over the the States, and who had come to San Francisco. ,They locked me up, and there I remained all those years, until my reason came back and I remembered all. What did I do ? Straight hack to Canada I went, to find ourold village deserted, the claims exhausted, every body gone. Then I thought of the El Dorado I had discovered, and which I had deserted you for. I got up a caravan and went to search for it, and though I searched for it day in and day out I could not get a sight of it, for I had forgotten where it was, And I came south again, and as luck would have it, I came on a mining camp, and they told me all about you and where I should find you, I came straight here to ask your forgiveness for deserting you as I did, and this -this '-he looked at cheque, and I saw his eyes were swimming with tears-' is what you do.'--Weekly Budget.' 