The Storyteller. The Siren. (Copyright.) CHAPTER I. By L.T. MEADE. Author of "The Medicine Lady," "A Soldier of Fortune," "Scamp and I," "A Life for a Love," "Daddy's Boy," "The Honourable Miss," "Heart of Gold," "Dr. Rumsey's Patient," &c;, &c.; The time of year was May, and the weather fine. There was a cheerful buzz of conversation at Colonel Nu- <*> gent's breakfast table in Grosvenor Crescent. The windows were open, and from the bright flowers which filled the boxes outside a pleasant smell was wafted into the room. Lady O'Brien, the Colonel's pretty sister, was presid ing at the teatray ; her daughter, Wil mot, had just flitted into the room, had given the Colonel a light kiss on his cheek, had nodded affectionately to her mother, and dropped into her seat. Frank Norrey«, Wilmot's favourite cousin a-nd one of the beat-looking men In the Coldstrcam Guards, wag idly opening a bheaf of letters which lay by his plate. The atmosphere of the room indicated both the extreme of com fort and the acme of good taste. There was nothing flurried about its graceful, well- bred inmates. Lady O'Brien, as she glanced round her, gave a sigh of content out of the fulness of her heart. "There is no time like May," she said in her cheerful voice, " and May in London is perfection." " May in London is little short of heaven," cried Wilmot. "The only drawback is that the perfect weather and the joys of the season come to an end. I shudder when I look forward to the middle of July." " And I shudder at the thought of the dally grind of so- called pleasure which la before me," said Norrey«, looking up from the perusal of his fifth letter. "I am sick to death of four balls a night—yes, Wilmot. it is trne." Wilmot O'Brien raised her dark eyes and looked full into the wide- open gray ones of her handsome cousin. "You are too young to be so incor rigibly lazy," she said. " What are four balls a night, or even five, when one Is scarcely out of one's teens ?" " Oh, nonsense, Wilmot; it is all very fine for you," interrupted Xorreys; 01 but I am far on in the twenties, re member." " Don't let us talk dismals now," she said. "If you are nearly 30. you don't look It, and, as I am scarcely 20 yet, I mean to enjoy life. Mother, what are we to do tlite morning ? I mn»t •cc my dressmaker, of course; but afterwards, I mean." Lady O'Brien did uot Immediately reply, for at that instant her attention was fixed upon Colonel Nugent. The Colonel was her hnlf-brother, aud was nearly double her age. He was a silent man, very handsome, with a somewhat rierce outline of face, and the kindest, most genial heart in the world. While •the others were chattiug he had been /going steadily through his eornespond .enoe. Now he dropped a letter which -he had read not only once, but rwiqe, then stooped to pick ir up. As he did so his hitherto placid face became suf fused with crimson. He thrust the, letter into his breast-pocket, and a mo ment afterwards made an excuse to leave the room. " What can be the matter ?" said WH raot, turning first to her mother and then to her cousin. " Nothing whatever," satid Norreys. " Why do you ask ? Who are you talking about ?" " Uncle George, of course ; did you notice how red he got when be dropped that letter ?" "It was the exertion of stooping-^the colour flamed into his face when he bent down to pick it up." " Oh, it was not only that," said Wil mot. " I noticed him when he read it; he read It once, twice, if not thrice ; he left the room simply as an excuse because he wanted to read It a fourth time." " Don't worry about him," said Lady O'Brien. " There is nothing in your uncle having a letter, which is trouble some ; he is the best-natured man in the world, and in all probability that epistle was a more terrible begging letter than usual. Anyone can trespass on your uncle's good-nature, my dear Wilmot.'! "I don't think that was a begging letter," said Wilmot in a thoughtful tone. As ehe spoke she glanced full at her mother, and her pretty, dimpled, decidedly worldly face assumed a pass ing shade of uneasiness. " What do you mean to do this morn- Ing, Wilmot ?" asked her cousin. Wilmot stood up and shook out the flounces of her fashionable dress. "First of all I must go to my dress maker," she said. " I knew as much," said the young man. " How women can devote 8b much time to their dress passes my comprehension." " But, Frank ! You would not have me go out unfit to be seen." "You never do that—and you know it, Wilmot." " That is because. I visit my dress maker at decent intervals. I admit that she is the trial of my life, but I cannot do without her. When did you say you had ordered the carriage, mother ?" " At 10 o'clock, dear, and I told Simp son to be sharp. You had better go and get ready." " Are you coming with me ?" " Not this morning ; I have several things to say to your uncle." "I am at your disposal, Wilmot, if you want me," said Frank, with a shrug of his broad shoulders." "Do you mean it ?" she asked, a flush of delight dimpling her pretty face ; " why, you're fifty times better than mother as a judge of what a dreHS ought really to be like. When you say, 4 Wilmot, you look all right,' I know that every man who meets me will feel the same, and of course I don't care a pin for any woman's opinion. You can stay downstairs you know while Madame Castelette is adorning roe, and then I will sail into your presence in my pretty new gown." " Off with you now," said the mother, 11 go and get ready. As Frank ie going to look after you, Wilmot, I shall have an easy morning as far as you are con cerned ; but, fly, my dear, for your uncle does not like hie horses to be kept wait ing." The pretty girl left the room, and Norreys, who was standing near one of the window boxes, idly picked a mar guerite and a piece of mignonette, and "began twirling them in his fingers. " Do you really suppose there is any thing serious the matter with my uncle ?" he asked, turning presently to Lady O'Brien. " I don't know," she said. "It Is im possible to say ;. he certainly did look queer. Sometimes. Frank, it comes over me that he is not at all strong—l believe liis heaTt is affected—we have weak hearts in our family—his father died from a heart affection and rather sud denly. But he never will allow me to talk about hto affairs, and certainly not on the subject of his health. Well, I am going to him now. If there ks any thing in that letter I shall soon ferret out the truth." " There can't be," said Norreys ; "If there ever was a man in the world whose affairs are straight as a die, and who has no concealment of any sort, Uncle George J9 the person." M I hope yon are right, Frank. Well, take care of Wilmot and don't encourage her In too much extravagance." " She is so pretty she deserves, the best dress In the world." answered the yonng man. " She para for dress, certainly," re plied the mother, a pleased expression flitting across hoi* face. " I suppose she must lmve her way, but don't let her buy more than two new hate this morning, and request her when she is ordering dresses to keep within bounds. Last week I let her go to Madame Castelette by herself* and she told me when she returned that she had ordered no less than six frocks, and two of them, were so alike-that you would not know .one from the other. One should never "•be So mad as to spend money on dress without a due eye to the possible effect. Now Wilinot, in the hands of Madame Castelette, is like" wax Jn the moulder's ; so understand what 1 expect of you, my dear boy." The young man nodded, and as at that moment Wilmot Ju the most irre proachable and highly fashionable costume entered the room, they both uodded to Lady O'Brien and departed on their shopping expedition. " That's settled for the time being," said the widow to herself. " I wonder when Frank will come to the point. I must bring him to the scratch, and soon, too. I cannot have a pretty girl like Wilmot wearing out her charms for one who does not appreciate them—but he does, of course he does ; he is the beet fellow in the world, and will make her as happy as the day is long. lam determined that he shall be her busband and the engagement must be announced before the end of this season. But now for the tug of war. George hates- my interfering with him, but I didn't like* that pallor round his lips as he read his letter—lt had a foreign postmark by the way ; and then his hurrying out of the room before he had half-finished his breakfast looked queer. I mean to know what is the matter before I am many hours older." Lady O'Brien was the wife of an Irish baron who had left her at his death little except her title, one child, and a num ber of debts. Lady O'Brien wao a clever, worldly-minded little woman. She quickly discarded the debts, shuf fling them on to the shoulders of her solicitor, who managed at last to con vince the creditors that there was nothing whatever to pay them with, and took her child, herself, and her title to her brother's house in Grosveuor Cres cent. Here she received a hearty welcome from Colonel Nugent, who was a rich old bachelor. He told hie sister that as long as she did not interfere with bis own personal comforts she might act as mis tress of his establishment. Lady O'Buien had a certain amount of tact, and she and Wilmot settled themselves comfortably in the Colonel's luxurious mansion. Here they lived in peace and plenty for over ten years. From this house morning after morning pretty Wilmot had trudged to school—from here also as she grew older she went to various classes, acquiring a certain smattering of learning, but never doing the thing seriously. She was gay, with a pretty manner, a beautiful face, and a kindly heart. At the right age ehe was duly presented and made her debut into society with all imaginable good taste and a certain amount of success. She was beautiful enough to attract the at tention of her cousin Frank Norreys, who had a private fortune of bis own. She also had other lovers. Frank, however, was first and foremost, and Wilmot really dfid feel some thrills run ning pleasantly through her being, and was conscious of the fact that ber eyes were bright and her cheeks bad a bril liant rose bloom when she was in Frank's presence. She liked him, very soon she learned to love him—she flat tered him, and he took her pretty ways and engaging manners with a certain amount of seriousness, by no means making up his mind to marry her, but thinking about it now* and then in bis lazy moments. Yes, Wilmot would certainly make a nice, ladylike wife, and by- and-bye Colonel Nugent would leave her his money. With their united fortunes the pair would be rich. As to the fact of their being first cousins, Norreys was not the sort of man to trouble him self about heredity—all he felt was that there was no hurry. He did not want to lose his freedom yet. Meanwhile it was pleasant to flirt with Wilmot, to excite ber jealousy, to raise hopes within ber which were all too apparent in her sparkling eyes and smttrng lips. Whenever he asked her she was cer tain to say " Yes," but he did not feel that he was in any special haste to put the question. The two sallied forth now into the bright May sunshine, as gay and uncon cerned a pair as that sun had ever shone upon. ' Since she was ten years old Wilmot nad never known a care. Before that time there ha<| been plenty of sor rows, for in the sort of Castle Rack rent in which they lived in Ireland, creditors were numerous aud unplea sant. Lady O'Brien In those days had often been seen with eyes red from weeping, for Wilinot's father was a sporting squire of the old school, rather too fond of the bottle, and given to many good round oaths —he was feared by his dependent*, loved and feared about equally by his wife, and de cidedly dreaded by his pretty little daughter. It bad beeu Wiliuot's habit to keep as much as possible out of her father's way, but the breezes which blew straight from the broad Atlantic wore pleasant all the same, aud the tenants were good-natured to the little girl, aud although Lady O'Brien had a bafl time of it, Wilniot did uot mind things very much. . But she was not by nature a country 1 girl—there was nothing large or wide at that time aboiif Wilniot. By-aud-b'y the strength of passion would produce a change in her, but that had not awakened in those early dayß. Wheu her father died she did what duty de manded—shed a few tears over his dead face, and wept, also, when she and her mother standing at the castle- gates saw the funeral cortege leaving the old house. But immediately afterwards Lady O'Brien and the little girl went to England—Colonel Nugent was fatherly to Wilniot and brotherly to her sister, the comforts of his luxurious rooni3 were thrown open to the pair, and Wil niot, finding that the sun now shone steadily on her, begau to. think life in tensely agreeable. She was a favour ite at school, for she as good-natured and not the least ambitious. Her uncle supplied her with abundance of pocket-money, so she could regale her schoolfellows with unlimited chocolates and other delights. Her masters, who quickly perceived that she had no talents in any one direction, did not worry her over her music, painting, or recitations, and consequently she found her lessond delightful. Then there came the happy, the all-important day, wheu she reached young woman hood, and the dress for her presentation to her gracious Majesty had to be se lected. The dress came home, was fitted on. approved, and then arrived that giddy moment wheu she stood in her court train and plumes, and was petted and caressed by both uncle and mother, while Frank Norreys helped her to strawberries and cream. As he did so he whispered in her willing ears that she must have been quite the pret tiest debutante at that special drawing room, and from that moment there came a keener delight and a swifter motion into her young life. Wilmot was now twenty years of age, happy, young, full of hope, not engaged yet, although she had received several proposals. But her heart belonged to Frank ; day by day and hour by hour her passion for him strengthened until it became the ruling motive of every action. It but needed a waft of Ill fortune, a touch of any contrary wind, to fan it Into a flame which might rouse the hitherto gentle girl to desperate deed*. But all this was problematical. "Either Frank is off or on Im mediately," muttered Lady O'Brien to heiwelf on that special morning. " I have made up my mind, and I shall speak to George ; be must ask Frank what his Intentions are. Yes, George can do this without compromising either Wilmot or myaeif. I will not have her beautiful youth spoiled, waiting for any man." 'As these thoughts flitted through Lady O'Brien's active 'brain she turned in the direction of her brother's study. Sne reached the doors, which were double, green baize outside, heavy oak within. Unfastening the outer enclo sure she applied her knuckles vigorously. " Who is there ?" sadd a voice within. "Only me, George—Nellie. I want to ask you one or two questions. " I will see you presently, Helen. I am particularly engaged now." " Provoking ! What a fool I was not to open the door and walk In," thought the widow to herself. There was nothing for it now, how ever, but to retire with as much dignity as she could. Colonel Nugent was as kind, as generous, as affectionate and good to bis half- stister and her daughter as man could be. Lady O'Brien had a delight ful time in hie house, being mistress of his servants, entitled to order his din ners, to use his carriage, and to help herself to a considerable amount of his property; but all the same, as far as Ms innermost thoughts were concerned, as far ac his real life went, she lived out side his existence. She did not know this, and he was too full of tact to allow her ever to perceive it. She was fond of telling her friends that she alone in all the world understood her somewhat eccentric brother. " He is the dearest old fellow." she would say, " the most perfect gentleman —he quite spoils Wilmot and myself— but then we are such friends, have been so, he and I, all our lives : heart to heart we are as one. It is delightful the confidences he gives me. Dear, dear George—his love is warmly re turned. I believe I could die for him, and so could my dear little Wilmot." Ac the friends to whom Lady O'Brien made thte confidence knew only too well that there was tint in the sneaker which would make it impossible for her to die for anyone, they were apt on such occasions to smile and turn their faces aside. For it needed hnt half a glanffi to be all but cortuiu that Colonel Nugent was scarcely likely to opeu'bU heart to anyone ; but if ever he did so it would not be to his frivolous ©inter, Lady O'Brien. Now when her footsteps were heard retreating, the Colonel crossed his room and turned the key in the lock. " I must have this moruiug to my self," he muttered. Then he sank down in his favourite chair, and taking the- letter, the contents of which had worried him so considerably at break fast, out of his pocket, read it slowly again. Its contents were brief, and ran as follows :— Hotel de l'Europe, ,* Moscow. My dear Nugent,—l have something to say which will startle you considerably. I have just come across your long-lost daughter. She has been brought up, I am sorry to say, in a perfect nest of Nihilists, and from ,what I am given to understand has imbibed all sorts of extraordinary Socialistic tend encies. All the same, she is a strikingly handsome girl, with much individuality and character. She has a certain look of that old portrait of your mother, too, which, you remember, you 'showed me the last time I was in London. I had a long in terview with her yesterday, and enclose herewith a paper containing evidence of her birth—there is not the least doubt that the is poor K»tarlne's daughter, as the en closed chain of evidence will show you. It might be well for you, NUgent, to come straight out here, and, if you will wire me to that effect, I will wait at this hotel until you join me—we might then consider what is best to be done. Your prognostica tions, my dear old friend, have turned out strangely correct. How often have I laughed at you when you assured me that you were certain Katarine's child lived, and that some day you would find her. I was equally persuaded .that the infant must have died at birth, but behold, you are rfght and lam wrong. A fine, handsome girl, above the average in every sense of the word, waits to be claimed by her affectionate father. This will reach you*on the 10th. and if you start at once you can be here on the 13th or 14th. We can then consider our plans.—Yours, my dear fellow, elncerely, - EDWARD SCARSDALE. " Good God !" muttered the Colonel to lilmeelf, " after all these years. Am I glad or am I sorry? It is impossible to say at this present moment. Of one thing I am resolved : neither Nellie nor JWilmot must learn anything of this at present. I must see that child, and soon. To think that I have a grown-up daugh ter whom I have never yet laid eyes on is quite enough to stagger even the leanest of men. I cannot rest until the whole thing has been made plain to «ke. This evidence is certainly conclusive— the date of birth, followed immediately "by poor Katarine'S death. Ah! that .miserable time, how the ghost of it rises up before me now! My God, what a fool I wae, and yet how madly, how madly I loved her. If her child is like her I shall love her also; and yet, God help me, I trust she may be different In some ways. Brought up as a Nihilist did he s.ay? With the strongest Socialistic ten dencies. I perceive that in my old age I am about to be plunged into water hot enough to scald me. Well, I must not shirk the inevitable, «fid'l«hfill start for Moscow to-night." ' ; "■> •'■' As this last thought^Mlijße> "jqL'.'Tthe Colonel he got up, thrust the letter Jnto c his breast pocket, and, leaving the study,' crossed tlte hall preparatory to goiug out. He Intended to send a telegram Immediately to the Hotel de l'Erope, Moscow. Aa he was putting on his hat Lady O'Brien, who heard his step on the oak floor of the hall, tripped out of her little boudoir. " I was so sorry you could not see me, dear George, when I came to your door that time," she said. " I was particularly engaged, Nellie, or I should of course have attended to you," was his reply. " But I came on business." " I can see you when I come In ; I tnuet go out now." " You look worried, my dear old man ; is there anything the matter ?" " Nothing. Why do you ask ?" " I cannot quite tell you, only at breakfast you had a letter." " Helen, you know what I have told you already with regard to my letters. .You are welcome to this house and to all It contains, but my letters are my own; I hope you understand." " Good gracious! Of couiwe I do, George, particularly when you look at me with such an awfully stern face. Did I not know that you were quite the most good-natured, good- humoured old fellow m the world I should be qulto alarmed. But I would be the very last to trouble you. I understand you, (George, few better ; you are good, very good ; you have not a bit of real fierce ness in you. Yes, of course, you must go out, and I won't, say another word about that naughty letter—no, not an other word. Wilmot would scold me if I did. Why, Wilmot, dear child, looks upon you just as if you were her- real father." " Quite right, she is a good girl," said the Colonel. "Now don't keep me any longer, for I am in a hurry." •* But you'll be In to lunch ?" 411 cannot say—l may be. By the way, Helen, I shall be leaving town to night for two or three days." " Indeed ? Are you going to the Pad- B^BBSt It* ** ffSj.** I *km 4 f* Won't tell me ?"- As Lady O'Brien spoke «he cocked her head a little to one side, putting on the airs of a very vivacious robin. The Oolonel looked steadily at her and was silent. " Shall you be long away, you dear, mysterious old creature ?"• " I cannot say." "To-night you cay you are going?" " To-night, and I have much to do, so don't keep me any longer. Good-bye for the present." The Oolonel took up his walking-stick and left the house. (To be continued.) 