Terrible Burning Accident. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipee, and before he could be rescuedbe waB scalded and burnt in a terribld way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis. and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, buffering terribly from locomotor atoxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began ta be cir m me neigiibuurhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a moat marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of tuese rumours that a special reporter from the Sydney Wo, -leer was despatched to get all information regarding same and one afternoon he made his way to hi3 house 45 Crown-Lsne, Ultimo. Mr. Tho*. Jarvis was discovered nursing a tivo-year-old baby, and his lace declared him one ot the happiest men in bydney. He was up and abour, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a fow marks of a critijnl illness of a period of pam, it was very clear that he was aa invalid no more. „ -i'1 to tlie preliminary quo3tions he sail : — 'You wUat to know ull about mj- case ? Well I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The fasts maJ Je °J Viluetj those who are stricken as I waa.0 How long were you suffering?' ''Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave c-ff work, and I have done nothing since then. About five yearj ago next Christm is I met with an accident ; I was badly 6calded while taking a bath in Pict-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I wis foiced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island. ' What were the symptoms ?'.' *' Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were jnst about as much aa I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a eaw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowela or blaider, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that ray case was utterly hopeless. However, he pave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order ?' ' No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out oF bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor waa attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to case the agony I was in. I was under hira for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor bt*xy, a disease of the Bpinnl cord, characterized by peculiar disturbances of gait, aad difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning maa will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise ment describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler- maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I raad in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to t»ive the pills a trial anyway, and Bent for a box. The effect was aB marvellous as it was magical. I was able tj eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It waa the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and wasablb to move about. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I waa too weak to use them, and now I don't want them.' ' He is 10U per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her kneeB. ' J'he Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Tale People have saved his life, and madeanother'man of him.' A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a foitnight previous. 'lean now,' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium aod morphia pills which the doctor gave mo to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows me h»B been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again baa caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is thiB remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers- of this country of the astonishing curnB wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial para lysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anemia, pale 'and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indiges tion, loss of appetite, BhortnesB of breath, paina in the back, nervoUB headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labour Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, waB Been by our reporter in connection with the remark able case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen saya he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew thab he had to give up hia work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwarda heard that Jarvia waa bea-ridden, nnd that there was little chance of hia recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admis sion to Sydney Hospital, aa hia case had been pro nounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from tbe Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post puid) on receipt ot stamps or post order, one box for 23 9d, or balf-dozen for 15s 3d. See that the genuine Dr. WilliamB' are gotten. 