Melbourne Gossip. ! By Viva, MELBOURNE, August 27. The present prelector of our Trinity College Dialectic Society chose a subject of very general interest last night, when he lectured to a brilliant audience in the AtheEseum Hall. There has only been one medical prelector of this society, the youths who deliver the yearly oration being eitber embryo divines or Judges. Mr. Leo Millc-r is the prelector of the year. He is an M.A. and an LL.B., and he is a member of a family which has hitherto distinguished itself chiefly on 'chaDge and on the turf. He read a learned and logical paper on ' The Influence of Climate on Austra lian Character,' in which he took a very glowing view of the future of the land of the platypus and the black swan. Ths recent plebiscite for an Aus- j tralian Commonwealth showed the existence of a j strong steam of patriotism, which Rudyard Kip ling divined with the intuition of genius when he put these words into the mouths of the native born Australians : j Our hearts, where they rocked our cradle, Our love,, where we tpeni; our toil ; , And our faith ani our hops and our honour \Ve pledge to our native eoil. The youthful prelector quoted Herbert Spencer to | the effect that ' constitutional energy is the special gift of a dry climate,' and was careful to Bupport the opinion of the master of modern ? scientists by the evidence of Professor Jenks, once Dean of the Faculty of Law iu the Melbourne University. Spencer believes that the mighty civilisations of Egypt, Babylon, and Assyria were largely due to the influence of the dry climates of these places. Jenks declares that owing to the lightnesB of the Australian olimate a Londoner will be prostrate with the thermometer at 80- in the shade, while a fortunate resident of Melbourne is brisk with his thermometer marking a hundred degrees. The prelector described the dry, warm climates in which the Jewish, Grecian, and Ro man races were reared, and deduced the cheerful theory that a warm climate was likely to produce a great race. The Australian love of sport was oompared to the Grecian, and was lauded as a hopeful* national characteristic. Of course, the speaker only took the climate of the temperate re gions of Australia into consideration, th$ senfthern part -of Westralia, sotMi-?|st South 'Jfijdfealia, Victoria, -Tasmania, and tjife tablelancbrroF*Ne w South Wales and Queen«]and,but these fertft^ual r in nlvnl: fn (Wrmiuiv could support a hundred millions of people.: Tro pfcal Australia was evidently considered to be outside the paid of reasonable expectation, like those Oriental lands 'Where the best is like the wont, Where theie ain't no Ten Commandments And a man pan raise a thirst. The subject was then discussed by Sir Henry Wrixon, the Rev. Dr. Bevan, the Rev. W. G. Hindley, and Mr. George Maxwell, LL.B. Sir John Madden also added a word. The audience, therefore., saw the coming Australian nation from an IriBh, a Welsh, an English, a Scottish- Austra- lian, and an Irish- Australian point of view. It iB a proof of the extreme deference that is paid in theBe latter days U- the opinion of the young that in the presence of a large contingent of bright eyed young Australians no one ventured to hint that the Australians have any faults at all. All the speakers agreed that the pioneers of Austra lia were mental, moral, and physical giants, and that the present Australians would do well to fol low in their footsteps. I think that if a few of the ghosts of those pioneers could have been present they would have laughed in their sleeves — if ghosts have sleeves. It is impossible, of course, not to believe a group *of speakers who, with one exception, have the right to inscribe learned let ters after their names, but previous to last night I w«e under the erroneous impression that the very earliest pioneers of my country left the mother land for her good, and that the second band of pioneers were chiefly hardy adventurers, driven to j Australian goldfields by a strong desire for the j good things of this life. No one dared to quote Marcus Clarke's brilliant and incisive essay on j ' The Future of the Australian Race,' written | when the author was only 30, but containing | more truth about the influence of our climate on I our character than is pleasant. There is nothing so unpleasant as undiluted truth. Clarke con siders that the hot Australian olimate, combined with the meat-eating habits of onr people, and the want of lime in the soil, will produce a race with bad teeth, and, therefore, bad digestions and gloomy tempers. The climate will cause them to be fond of outdoor exercise, and, therefore, not do mestic, and the American hotel system will be in favour, while the habit of over-indnlgence in meat will make them ' turbulent democrats.' There is a grain of truth in these unflattering portraits of our great, great, great grand-children. In an other century ' the average Australasian willj^* a all, coarse, strong- jawed, greedy, pushing, ta lented man, excelling in swimming and horse manship. ? His' religion will be a form of Presby- ., terianism, his national policy a democracy -tem- pered by the rate of exchange. His wife will be a thin, narrow woman, very fond of dreBS and idleness, caring little for her children, but with out sufficient brain-power to sin with zest.'' «- Herr JuliuB Herz, who died this week, was one of the many Germans who came to Victoria to imbue the colonists with the musical traditions of the Vaterland. He was ' a Victorian colonist of more than 30 years standing, and founded the most successful and popular of Melbourne's mu sical societies, the Royal Metropolitan Liederta fel. This society was the first English lieder tafel organised in a British community, and may be considered as the parent of all the musical unions in Australia. The Metropolitan Liederta fel was formed in 1870, when it only consisted of a dozen members, who called themselves the South Yarra Liedertafel, and gave concerts under the leadership of Herr J ulius Herz. Nearly every musical star of any magnitude who has visited Melbourne has performed with the Metropolitan Liedertafel — Anna Bishop, lima De Murska, Car lotta Patti, and others innumerable — and it served as a training-ground for many Australian sing ers who afterwards distinguished themselves in Europe. Herr Herz waB an intimate friend of the late Sir William Robinson, who would rather have been a conductor than a diplomatist, and, of course, the German was credited with composing all the Englishman's songs. There is a curious feel ing which springs up naturally in the average mind to prompt the giving of credit for work to anyone rather than the worker. The brilliant wife of a dull clergyman is always credited with writing her husband's sleep-producing discourses, and it is an inexplicable comfort to many people to believe that Shakespeare did not write his own plays. The Shakespeare ball has been cautiously de scribed as ' a gorgeous spectacle rather than a literary reminiscence,' which being interpreted means that the decision of the committee to allow all sorts and conditions of fancy dresses spoilt the gathering as a reanimated festival of ' the spaciouB times of great Elizabeth.' It is likely to result in a substantial increase to the provision made for rainy days for ' the poor player.' 