.THEStORvWlSTAlPEDL FAMOUS INCIDENT OF COWBOY LIFE. In 1876 the Wilson Brothers, of Kansas City, purchased over 15,000 head of cattle, and arranged to centralise the herd neat Oomanohe' Springs, in JVI'Lallan' county. On the 4 th of July the entire herd was. Under way, headed for To wash, on the firazos lUver. tfc was a magnificent army of steers, in superb condition, kept to gether by a corps of 25 cowboys mounted uu utuuuuoi xxu '± u uiuutk iu mo aiiiaiuuuu, wiitea J, B. Granfill in the independent, a black cloud showed over the foothills, and the sun shining against it painted a rainbow, which' appeared to touch the Garth at both ends, The entire herd became nervous, and showed their- fear by those low belfottrings ominous to the ex perienced dattleman as the mattering thunder. When the -sun set the cattle were bedded on the plains near the South Bosque. A detail ot four cowboys was made for the first watch, and these mounted sentinels took their places and rode silently around the sleeping squadron o! long-horns. The first watch ended at 9 o'clock, and the second watch went on duty. At 10 o'clock the cattle appeared to be sleeping profoundly. The cowboys say that cattle dream and see ghosts; it is certain that this drove of 15,000 was nervous, made so, perhaps, by the thunder storm of the previous afternoon and the rainbow which they eyed with suspicion. The star's were shining, and there was no cause at all. for the arousing of the herd They appeared to get up all at once, with a single purpose, and the roar that was heard seemed to come from a single throat. The Wilson Brothers and their cowboys, who were sleeping in their camp, rushed to their ponies, who were grazing with the saddles and bridles on, and as fast ae tho bits could be placed in their mouths, they mounted and galloped to the flanks of the now disappearing mass. The cowboys kept out of the way..of the charging mass, and galloped on the flanks moving Coward the head of the column, hoping to start them moving in a circle. As the berd rushed on,, their horns rattled together, and all the horns of 15,000 head of cattle rattling together sounded like an immense concert of catanets. ~£\xq chief : of ,th!e ^Wilson Bcothers was riding a cream-colored stallion, and he bad his Colt's revolver in hia hand. One of the cowboy? on a gray horse was able to keep rip with him, These two distanced all the others. They rode across the front of the stampede, which' is a feat attended with terrific danger ; for when a rider is in front of the rushing drove of mad cattle, if his horse should stumble and fall, he may' be put down^ as a thing of the past. The herd will ' wipe him out.' There was a bunch of about 50 cattle fully 20 yards in advance, and towards this leading qroup . the two rescuers rode. Of the leading group, also, some were faster than others, and, this gronp ran in a dia mond shape, with two- immanse steers leading all. When Mr. Wilson and his companion reached the two lending steers, they began shooting their revolvers close to them, and in that way the bunch was made to oblique, and as the leading buncb of the cattle obliqued, the main b tain pad e obliqued, and the first step in ' milling' had been taken. By this time the. cattle were getting tired. Nearly five miles had been covered, and the breath of the leaders was coming short and . painfully ; but they were ruling on, beoause the front cattle at this time knew as a matter of fact their only safety was in keeping up the ran. Mr. Wilson had a Mexican along, one of the best cowboys in the south-west. * This Mexican had been; to the little brandy rua let too dftepi and his usual excellent judg ment went away. When he succeeded in getting mounted, the stampede had.gone past him, so that when he overtook the rear end he passed to the front on the other Bide and rode on the wrong flank. When he reached the head of the herd ho was just in time to defeat the manoeuvre then under execution of bending the mov ing mas.?, from a straight line to a semi circle. Eevolver ia hand, disregarding the other men, he began shooting in the faces of the wild steers ; aud the effect' of this was to straighten the run, and bring the advance straight towards a precipice. Thia precipice was a wash in the prairie, form ing a deep ravine fully thirty yards wide ; and in a shorter time than it takes to tell the head of the column was pouring over, a horrible Acasoade of ^boef,..plunging madly into deStVuctioh while Seeing from an imaginary .danger^ ' '? ' When 'Mr. Wilson and his lieutenants aaw that it waB impossible to save their cattle they saved themselves by dexterously turning at right angles at full speed and riding out of the way. They next returned to the flank and held a council of war. A few seconds decided them, and all hands commenced ahooting into the herd, the object being now to build a breastwork of Carcases, and save the rear end from the destruction that had overtaken the front* The gully was nearly full by this time. They were snorting and bellowing, crashing and tearing, and still heaping up, and when the firing began the wounded ones tumbled over on the others, and in a short time the gully,- like the sunken road at Waterloo, was bridged by carcasses. The herd surged up in bil lows, and bent now because it could not do otherwise. The semi circle was formed, and Wilson and his men crossed tbe gully below and rode round the opposite and re orossed \ and in a short time they had the cattle halted, forming an incomplete letter O, and there they stood, blowing, bellow ing, shivering, i All hands remained on watch all niglft, ? and in the morning, when a count was made, it was ascertained that 2;700 'head were missing. There were afterwards 2700 pairs of horns taken from the gully. It was called 'Stampede Gully' for many years afterwards. 