THE VISIT OF BISHOP GIBNEY. ALL HALLOWS CHURCH, BOULDER. THE CEREMONY OF BLESSING. All Hallows Church at the Boulder was formally opened on Sunday with the usual splendid ceremonial of the Roman Catholic Church by His Lordship Bishop Gibney, asisted by Very Rev. Father Kelly and Rev. Father Deasy. The Hibernian Society and the Building Committee met the Bishop at the Convent, and formed in procession be hind him as he proceeded to the church, attended by the priests, altar boys, and nuns. At the front door Mr T. Bown, on behalf of the committee, read the fol lowing text of an illuminated address: " From the committee of the Boulder Catholic Church, to his Lordship the Right Rev Matthew Gibney, Lord Bishop of Perth \- May it please your Lordship. We, the mem bers of the Boulder Church Committee, on behalf of the congregation, beg to offer you a most sincere and respectful welcome to Boulder City. The first feeling with which we see your Lordship once more amongst us is one of intense gratitude to the good God who has brought you safely through your recent severe illness and restored you to your loving flock, who could so ill have spared your sure and tender guidance. Your Lordship will have noticed the marvellous growth made by the Boulder. A large, popu lous, and well equipped city stands now where less than one year ago all was primeval bush. But the occasion which has drawn us together gives proof that the people of the Boulder have not been intent on material progress alone. We are proud to. day to ask your Lordship to formally open and bless the most spacious church on the goldfields of Western Australia. When we add that, it is intended to serve the purpose of a school as well as a place of worship, and thus to further the two objects nearest to your Lordship's episcopal heart, we feel that we mention a fact which makes our request irresistible. We must not omit to thank your Lordship, amongst the many other marks of your kindly interest for your freely-given, financial aid to. wards completing the building. At the same time we would have you believe that we are not wanting in the self-helpful spirit characteristic of goldfield populations, and we assure you that we shall not be content to remain long your debtors in respect of this, the least of all our obligations to you. Pray ing that God may ever grant you the grace and strength requisite for the administration of this, the largest and most rapidly growing diocese in the world. -. We are your Lord. ship's affectionate and obedient children." (Here follow several names.) The Bishop stated that he would reply after the service. The procession then re-formed, and the Bishop walked round the building and blessed it. High mass was celebrated by Very Rev Father Kelly, the music being supplied by a specially selected choir, assisted by vocalists from Kanowna and Kalgoorlie. Miss Critchley presided at the organ. The sermon was preached by Dr Gibney, who chose his text from the last chapter of the Gospel of Saint Matthew :-" Go, there fore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded, and behold I am with you all days, even unto the consummation of the World." His Lordship eloquently referred to the resurrection of Christ, to His message to men to the propagation of the Catholic faith, and to the position of the Church, and also earnestly u'rged Catholics to live up to what is required of them, and to strictly observe the. practice of their religion. The Bishop said as regards.the teaching of the children, he valued the Sisters especially for what they were seeking to do for the little ones in giving them a training- iatellectual, moral, and religious. An intellectual training in reading, writing, and arithmetic apart- from a moral and religious training was only a pagzn training. (Acero, Aristotle, Demos thenes, Socrates, and others, had greater intellectual training than any man we know, but they were only pagans. They were, says St Paul, inexcusable, as they were men of such great intellect that they could not be misled. What would anyone present think of a man or woman of deep intellectual powers, great conversational abilities, and with a mind well versed in the mysteries of science, if they suspected that man or woman was a thief or led an immoral life ? In every person's mind the moral law as comprised mn the Decalogue or Ten Commandments was engraved, but it required development, and that was the object of a mroral training. If a parent were to come to their good Sisters and object to their child receiving moral training, he would tell that parent to take the child away. But both moral'and intel lectual training were useless to Catholics, unlses with a religions trcining. This com, bination formed the trinity in the individual's educ tion, and with it children w ill be retred who will grow up to be a glory to God, an honor and camfort to the;r parents and a credit to society, who will love their God and will do unto others as they would like to be done by. These are the lines on which CaOsthohes must march, for our Lord said, "The world hates Me, and it will hate you," and that was thle reason why the Catholic Church vyas persecutld. Parliament says it has nothing to do withl the religious training of the children. That was the world's estimate of God's mission on earth, and because Catholics will not drqp in with it they srp cut off. They gave .4 a head for every child attending the public school, but nothing~ for children attending the Qatioto fochoblo. Still Oato)iocs' duty to th'elr children was plain. What father or mother had ever put the question to himself or herself, " wbat price I would take for my child ?" That child the Christian mother will say cannot be bought with all the corruptible things of the world like gold or silver. It is so great a treasure in my eyes that it is a pleasure to have to pay for its educa tion rather than it should be lost. We are all heirs of God, His heirs on earth, and heirs to His kingdom in heaven. Catholics make that their proud boast, so they should not murmur over such a slight matter as having to pay for their children's education. It was nothing to them if other sects did not value their various beliefs. He understood that there was a small debt on the church, and he hoped it would be met within a few days. The people had done their work well, and the contractor had done his part so well that it was a pleasure to look at it. A few things yet remained to be done. He hoped before long that the church ground would cease to be an open racecourse to the town,and that the Sisters'Convent would soon be fenced in. Out of the abundance God had given them He expected a return, and if He did not get it he (the bishop) believed that He would use the whip. God does not re cuire sticks and stones to punish Hid people. He has other means. He is at present scourg ing the eastern col,mies, and none more than Victoria, where His very name has been blot ted out of the school books. There was £700 still due on the church ; the ground had also to be purchased, and he hoped soon to hear that it had been paid off. le had undertaken a very serious work in establishing hospitals at Kalgoorlieaud Cool. gardie, but as Coolgardie was so far away he would only mentiun it by name. Since the hospital had been established at Kalgoorlie some 12 m .nths ago 252 patients had been received-131 Catholics and 121 of other denominations. Of this large number only 2G had died. Thirty patients had been sup. ported by the Sisters themselves without pay, and of the others some paid their way, nearly two- thirds, but others marched off and left the institution to pay for their medical attendance and comforts, £415 6s. He had reason to apprehend that some of the men whose accounts were paid were not entered in the books, and he desired them to produce their receipts to either Father Kelly, Father Deasy, or the secretary of the hospital. He was not going to be trifled with, and he would not allow the Sisters to be trifled with. There was £2800 now due on the institution in Kal. goolie, and he lelieved that Catholics spend more mn one publichouse than would put it out of debt. Yet men who spend money so so libetally allow such an institution to be in debt. He had now given the Sisters inctructions not to receive any more patients gratis unless they could give a reason. able guarantee or get someone to give one. It was not lawful to take money from others to spend on charity-they must spend their own money, and the Sisters could not do that so long as they were in debt. A collection was then taken up and £105 received. After mass His Lordship thanked the church committee and the Hiberniaus for their address and their references to his recovery from his recent severe illness, which it was at one time feared would have a fatas termination. He had the best of medical skill and nersing, but he really believed it was the prayers of the people that pullei him through. They credited him, and with justice, with taking a great interest in the men on the fields, though at times he got irate with them, especially when he thought they were not supporting him as he expected they would. He was much pleased with the progress of the town. It was marvellous. When he was here 12 months ago there was only portion of a tin house on the ground where now there was the making of a great city. It would be a wondesful place if it kept on going ahead as it was now doing. He be lieved there was a splendid class of men here, and the mines were the envy of the world. With such prospects before it, with its fine men and the beautiful heavens above, he believed the Boulder would yet become a fascinating place. The Church is a fine spacious building, and may be considered the work of the Rev Father O'Gorman, who worked night and day for it. Regret was expressed on all sides yesterday that he was not present to see the consummation of his labors. During the afternoon His Lordship ad ministered confirmation to the children, to whom he delivered an appropriate address. 