Short Story. The Fortune of Fullwood. A Comparatively T;ue Ofcost Story. 'Although I bear the common ana somewhat plebeian name of .Tolm Smith, I can, through my mother's family, reckon kith and kin w:tli halt the noble houses of Scotland, and boast that near a score of my ancestors have " kissed the inaiden," or 'been hanged, drawn, and quartered after the good old style of putting the closure on " excited politicians." Those of my readers who are themselves of ancient Murage may, therefore, appreciate the feelings With which I found myself last spring, for the first time as I then thought, under imy ancestral roof. I had been summoned to Fullwood House by Sir Francis Fleming of that ilk, to whom I stand in the relationship of third cousin once removed. Fullwood House, a very ronvantfle old place Situated on the left bank of the Clyde, not far from the uppermost cataract, came quite up to my notion of what the home of such a family as ours should be. It Is true that Sir Francis himself rather disappointed me, he being a little, withered person, very absent-minded, and a thorough hookworm ; but, on the other hand, his daughter Margaret, his only child, was a worthy reprctsentatlivc of the house ot Fleming—" a daughter of the gods, divinely tall, and rnose divinely fair." Need I say that I fell in love with her ? At all events I fancied myself in love. At nlglvt I was sitting alone in my room trying to convince myself that since all is fair in love and war I was entitled to do any <best to cut out ,lohn Johnson, her fiancee, who was tlien in Johannesburg. What was he after nil that he should become tike head of the house of Fleming by marrying the heiress 7 If he had a pedigree I had never heard of it; so far as I, or anybody else know, his only claim on the consideration of the Flemings was that Sir John Fleming, the fonner laird, had been his guardian. As for me, I was the next heir after Ma-rguret herself, and had 1 not then the better right to lier ? My meditations were Interrupted 'by the entrance of old Tom Danobie, the butler, with a nightcap for me ; and while I was testing the quality of that article he asked tne whether I was afraid of ghosts. I replied that I was not, being Indeed a hardened sceptic in the matter of spooks. Then 1 asked him if the house was supposed to be haunted. " Ye would notice yon armour in the library ?" Tom said. I nodded in the affirmative. The armour he referred to could hardly pass unnoticed. From Its size it must have belonged to a gigantic man. Sir Frances had told me thai 1t -was believed to have been worn by Sir David Fleming, the crusader as lie was called, at the battle of Bannockburn. " It's his ehalBi—auld Sir DauvitV," rejoined Tom. " Sometimes ye'll see his e'en glowerin' at ye oot o' the hiflirtit It's a fearsome sicht I saw't aince. That was ae night I'd been up at the toun. I had been haein' a glass or twae Wi' the minister's man, but 1 was deid sober. That's what we're hauntit wi'— Sir Dauvlt's ghaist that watches." " Watches what 5" I asked. "The goold," replied the old man, dropping his voice to a wliispet, "the goold that was laid by at the time o' Prince Charlie by auld Sir Robert, and has ne'er been seen since. But—I maun gang." Whereupon the old man hurried off as if it bad suddenly struck him that he had said too muc!h, leaving me a iittle disappointed. "Surely," I said to myself, "surely the old buffer doesn't think I'd skedaddle iwiL'h the donjon keep and the portteullis lor the sake of the 'goold.' I dare say i might try to steal the whole blooming establishment for the sake of getting SEss F., but " " Salnt-seduclug goJd I" It was a fairly apt sentiment, though I must oonfess I aim not a saint, and I turned to see who had spoken, when I beheld a warrior of the ancient time clad in the very armour I had seen in the library. The visor of his helmet was up, «nd d could see his face distinctly; it was a masculine copy of Margaret Fleming's features. " Dost not foar me ?" he queried with a ra't1ier grim smile. *' I dost not," I answered straight off, and it was quite true. I have not nerves of steel, 1mt really I felt quite at ease. " A Bvlug dog is better than a dead Bon," I added. " I am a living man, and you—you're only a spook. Vonr bones are dust, and your soul is with the tfalnts, I trust—anyway it Should be." " By my ibaMdome, thou hast a pretty wi't," retorted the ghost. "XathelesB, there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in your philosophy." V Apparently there are," .1 remarked. "It certainly beats me to hear a fourteenth icentury quoting Shakspeare." " Shakspeare, say'st thou?" exclaimed the ghost. "By'r lady, I could a tale unfold—ibu't cease thy prating and fidlow me," My ironclad visitor stalked off and I followed him, wondering the while why the wthole house was not alarmed by the banking and chattering he made. But we were not disturbed. Having reached the ground floor the ghost turned into a long, dark corridor, which, as I had been told earlier iu the (lay, led to the north wing. I had hot yet paid a visit to this section of the house, nevertheless, as my eyes becamc accustomed to the gloom, ttie places we were traversing seemed to assume a familiar look, and when we emerged from the passage into a room I felt quite certain that I knew the apartment. This place was almost square, and had a la^ge Gothic window on the cast side—that is to say, to the right hand side of the door by which we entered. The wall was lined with portraits, and I remember as I looked ronnd that I said to mysellf—" Tliis is the portrait-room." Meanwhile the ghost marched almost round the room, starting to the left from the door, and halting at the window before mentioned, to which he turned his back, and «o faced me as I stood in the middle of the floor. " Here," he said, " Is my post till the full moon rises behind Tinto and shows ber face, albove the Tree of Doom. Wateh thou for the sign. Farewell." Then he disappeared in the twinkling of an eye. Of course it was a dream. I did not take long to grasp that fact when I found -myself where old Tom had left me shivering before an expiring fir«. ' "Vext morniug, Sir Francis being indluposed and unable to talk about the private business which was the cause of Jny being thurc, 1 was dawdling afeout badly in want of something to do when Miss Fleming came to my rescue by offering to show <ne the taridly puni-nits. To uiy surprise slie took me to the very place I had seen in my | dream, and she called it by the very : name I had given it in my dream—"tne portrait-room." "T!:1s place seems quite familiar to me," I remarked after looking round. " Only," I added, thinking about the I ghoaft, " there seisms to be something wanting." | " i'erhaps you were here before, Miss Fleming suggested. j " X don't think I ever was, I re-1 plied. tihe moved across the room to tflie phite where tlie ghost had taken its Buud. aud there halted. "The suit of armour now in the library used to stand just bore," tslio said. " Wu had to remove it on account of some ridiculous stories." " Indeed »" "Yes," she continued, "it was said that the original owner of the armour came sometimes and got Into It, and then promenaded round the Tree of Doom." " The Tree of Doom!" I echoed, "what fa that ?" " You can see it from the window," said Miss Fleming. She pointed to an elm tree, apparently voi-y old, which stood on the lawn about twenty yards off. This was another point of my dream that liad "come true" hi a manner. I lu-gau to feel a little nervous, and I was soon to get another efaoek. Xlias Flem'iug was going round the room telling me about the different portrains when she halted before one that hung by itself a't the north end of the west wall—the darkest corner of the room. " This," she said, " Is Sir Robert Fleming. Two of his brothers, John aud Frank, were out with Prince CJliaj'Jie, and the story goes that he collected all the family plate aud jewels alter the failure of the outerptise, meaning to smuggle the stuff out of the country sis a contribution towards the escpuuse of another attempt The things were hid until a chance should arise of getting them away, but the chance never eamie, and they remained concealed." " Do you believe that story 7' I quelled. "J am bound to believe about the hiding of the things. We know of articles of value that disappeared about that time. (But," she added with a sigh, " I wish that was all we had lost You have heard of the Fortune of Fullwood ?" I replied that I had heard of it and meant to ask for a sight of it before I loft. It is a famous charm, the Fortune of Fullwood—a brooch, the stone of whlah wo® brought by Sir David, called the Cruisader, froin the Holy Land. According to the legend, If anything went wrong with the chanm, If the stone chaaced to be broken or lost, the doom of the family was sealed. "The Fortune has disappeared," 6ald Margaret in tragic tones. " Yon know what that means—the family is doomed. After my father there will be no more BUemings o,f Fullwood." I felt inclined to laugh, but the girl appeared to tbe quite earnest in her belied. " If I thought," she continued, " that the Fortune was anywhere about the bouse I would have the whole building taken to pieces, some by stone. But 1 do not think it is In the house at all. I have searched everywhere, and I'm sure I know every nook and cranny of it" An idea Struck me. " Did you lind," I teked, " any place where the plate and Jewels might have been concealed ?" "No. Why?" " Because the Fortune might have been put beside them." "Impossible!" she exclaimed. "The Fortune—tout wait—yes, the Fortune disappeared in my uncle's time. He wob a 'bachelor, and for a long time before he died he was queer. I have been told that when he was dying he tried to tell any father something about the hidden plate, but could not. What is your Idea 7" " He may h'ave hid the charm himself," I said. "Perhaps he found out where the plate had ibeen laid away and put the Fortune beside it" Then, with many blushes, and the un- 1 easy suspicion that I was making an ass of myself, I told Miss Fleming about the vlcfrt I had had from the ghost She did not laugh ; on the contrary, she was quite grave, and 1 took heart of grace to point out one or two significant things in the dreatn. No doubt, I said, 'JVmi Danahie's story suggested the dre.vm about the ghost but there was nothing in his story to explain my familiarity with the room, nor to suggest the idea of what the ghost had said. " It vtis a revelation," said Margaret decidedly. "This is the time of the full moon. I shall have the armour put back into its former place, and this very night I shall watch along with you for the sign." The only definite recollection I have for tlie remainder of that day up to 7 o'clock in t!he evening U that I thought it -was very queer to find an up-to-date young woman like Margaret Fleming with such a strong streak of superstition in her compositOotn. My eyes have since been opened to the fact that sucOi abnormal!fties are by no means uncommon. However, 7 o'clock found us .In the portrait-room waiting for the " tflgri. 1 ' By-and-hy the moon appeared from behind the maisslve bulk of Tinto, and slowly—painfully slowly—mounted the heavens. It plunged into a bank of clouds, aud II was within an ace of saying something strong when it emerged, showing directly over the Tree of Doom, and throwing a flood of light into tlie apartment where we were. It shone in* and I'll at was all. I do believe I expected soane sort of explosion. " Ixiok, look I" eseflalmed Margaret catching my arm and jiolntliig into tlie Car-away corner. " Yes," she added almost in the same breath, " that must be the sign." This is what we saw. When the moon was directly over the elm tree the moonbeams were thrown from the window diagonally across t'lie portrait-room Into Hie corner where Sir Robert's portrait bung, but the shallow of the armour standing at the window was thrown in the same direction in such a way as to ecUipse the portrait. At Miss Fleming's commnnd 1 took down the portrait while she lighted up tbe room. Then, before I could fonm any idea of what she was going to do next, she had taken old Sir David's battle-axe and let drive at the panelling which had been, covered with the picture. The axe crashed right through the wood; there was a hollow in the wail there. To tear a way the shattered wood was easy, the operation revealing, a little chamber constructed in whit hppcjrcd from the outside to be a solid buttress., lii th'.3 hldlng-aflnco were two boxes—one about 3ft loug by lift, del® and wide, and Etrongly bound with iron; the. other bearing a strong resemblance tn a lady's worklbox or a folding desk. Margaret laid open the smaller box with, her battle-axe and save a cry of joy to find that it contained the Fortune of Fullwood. The other box was opene d later on in the presence of Sir Francis, and was found to contf.i" -vreral pieces of plate, but the value of the find noth'lug like the value of what tod b e e n -aid—the iradiiiunul value, thai fe. p,.r)K1ps sir John Fleming, the brother and predecessor of the present laird, h a d ,irinvn 0I1 the treasure at the time h e entered the secret chamber to hide tUfire qjc F o r L l l l l e o f Fullwood. As I do not want to be interviewed by psychical researchers 1 shall uow crpja™ the gUusa" to the best of my ability. When I went home 1 told my un,,]e j.,muSi w h o a ult o f a ,,^1,,. scipher, -all about the affair, and bo told nie that some months before, the death of Sir John Floinin;: niy father had taken me with him when lie paid a vi»il to Fullwood. On his return my fatlii'r told my undo all about the house, and aijout the legeud of the hidden treu- i sure ; he also meniioued thai I had 'been I greatly taken up with the suit of armour In the " ponrai'i-roRtn," My uncle ' had forgotten nil Jibniii lilies until I told i him ciy story ; but, as he remarked, it | was doubtless the memory of my visit lu early childhood to Fullwood, and of ! hearing at that time the story of the ! ghost and the Tree of Doom, tha t had 1 cume back to me to round off the dnSun suggested by tlie words of old Tom Dauahie.— " Weekly Scotsman." 