Jim's First Experience. _ . — . — ? +, ??? ? — (By Srnest Favenc.) j-t NCE When t was living (A rl' the Biltterra River,' said Jim [ A Parks one day, ''I had a -very L# curious experience with a ghost, ?^ It was almost my first experi ence I might say. I was living by myself about tea miles f-om the head station breaking in a mob of estore cattle. It had been a sheep station once, and it was a shepherd's hut that \- I was living in. Some fellow had poisoned himself there once and the yarn got about that the ©lace was haunted; but the cattle gave me all I knetf to keep them together, for they were just picking up and beginning to walk, so I 'was mostly too' tired of a night to think about ghosts, besides not having the Interest In them in those days that. I have now. Amongst the horses I had there -was one thun dering brute, a black colt called 'Digger,' and he was a devil. He. had a .temper of his owzu Twasn't so much his bucking as the treacherous ways he had. Just as you were throwing your leg over his back, he'd whip round like a top, and ' if you didn't get your seat he'd never stop buck ing till he got you off, and whenever he threw a man he'd kick him afterwards. One day I got on the track of a mob making away, and I had my work cut out to overtake them and bring them back. It was nigh on. 12 o'clock that night when before I got back to the hut with my horse pretty well done up. I saw a fire burning inside as I unsaddled and supposed that somebody iiad come out from the station; bat when I went inside tleuce a soul was there. The billy was slung and the .water boiling, so 1 made the tea, thinking that whoever it, was^ had most likely gone to look after their horses for ihe paddock fence wasn't much account, .and the sta tion horses were always getting out. I get oiit the bread and beef and sat down to have a feed when I heard Digger, who was pick ing round the hut very tired as I said, give a frightful snort, enough to blow his head oft. ' Next moment there was a step on the verandah, and in walks a strange man. 'Gocd evening, mate,' I says, taking him for a traveller. He makes no answer, but just walks up to my bunk and lays himself down on it. I thought it jolly, cool, and turned round to have a look at him. He was a big man, with long hair and shaggy beard, a lot of grey mixed with it. He had or. a dirty shirt and trousers with a hand kerchief round his throat. He was lying on his ? -back with one arm under his .head, and -staring, straight at me, never a wink on'liim.;' 'Good-.i evening, mate,' I says again,' 'are you deaf?' He never spoke, only stared straight at me until I felt a kind of all-overieh. feeling. However, I plucked up my pecker again and went on with my feed. 'If you don't like to speak you can do the, other thing, but you'll have to turn out of that bunk directly,' says I as I went en with' my supper. I had just filled myself a pint of tea out of the billy and sweetened it, when, without saying by your leave or with your leave, this chap, who'd got up from the bunk without my hearing of him, stretched'his hand over my shoulder, collars the pannikin and drinks the lot. 'D ? d nasty taste,' he saye, shaking his head. I» jumped up and had two minds to give him a lift under the ear, when he lets an almighty yell out of him, rolls over on his bunk and sings out blue murder. 'What the deuce to do I didn't know; he drew his knees up like a man with the cramps, foamed at the mouth, and clenched his hands tight. For nigh half an hour he kept this game up, then he ' gives one awful shriek, straightens himself out stiff, and dies. And just then the fat lamp goes out, and the fire had burnt down, and I was alone in the dark with a dead man. If I didn't clear out of that hut quick it's a caution.- I collared my bridle and hooked it down the paddock like a redshank, all the way fancying somebody was after me. I came across Digger standing .by himself, and without a word o£ a lie, that horse as sometimes wouldn't let ' two men catch him in a small yard, let me walk straight up to him and put the .bridle on him as quiet as could be. I jumped on him barebacked for I wasn't game' to go back for my saddle, and lie went away with me like a lamb. Long before daylight I was at the station, and roused them all up wStti my etory. When they saw me on Digger without a saddle they'd be ateve anything, and the boss and two more start tad back with me to see the dead man. Well, we got to the hut juetafter sumrifie. We hung our faorses up, and all went in together, and blow me if there was the sign of a man in the place. There mea everything else; there was the bread, the beef, and the billy; but no body. What's more, though I saw the man with my own eyes tossing and tumbling about on any bunk, the blankets Irene as smoortfh as though no one had touched them since I .made down my ibed in the morning. The fellows got on to me, of course, and wanted toBtatow where I kept the rum; and nothing would stake them believe that I hadn't been poking fun fdt them. Well, I stopped on, for I didn't like be ing toughed at; but I couldn't make head or tail efitt. Digger -was always quiet with, me after that, tot i never saw the ghost agaan. 3taBt twelve months after that, however, another man. sees Tijtti go (through the same antics -£hat I dSa, and got jsuch a fright that ibe cleared right away, and wouldn't come back on any account. The nest time the date came round I went and stopped at the old hut on punpose, and laid a trap tap my aobte. You see, the story was that the shepherd who lived there poisoned himself with ?fcdoDe of strychnine. So, thinks I, if that chap (?outs a dose of strychnine he shall have it, and I ?Batted Gome tea up for bim. On be comes, the same as before, drinks the tea* tand goes oil screaming and kicking; and presently mps and dies. And there he stopped, too. There was no hanky-panky this time. You may fancy Che fright I was in. I had done it, and no mis take. Talk about being in a blue funk' before! I was nearly frightened cut of my senses; -And find ing tihe fellow was dead as a dOor-naUi I cleared for the Station again. Sack we came, and I made sure, and Hoped, that he- toad disappeared. Suit no— tihere -was Ms ufeiy Cttroaes, rigM enough. 'Jim Parked, you'll swing tor this,' cays the ttBBs. 'You own up to ihaviag poisoned this oaa fiWfintfcttiaiiy.' * 'Taint a ittan,' t says; 'it's a ghost.' 'Ghost or no ghost, there's a dead body there, and you've got to account for it.' My oath, I felt bad, and as if there was a, rope round *ny neck already. '''*' »«?*?'??*« 'I imiEt send for the police,' he eays; 'and you'd better give yourself up.' We went outside, 'and were jtast gcrffig tS gat «wwr horses, when the boss turned fcack ana days 'We oasht to lock the door, and goes to get & chain and padilocK I iad there. I heard him give a yell, toad went in. Slowed if the body hain't disafi* peared again!' . ' Well, .there Was.no more talk of the police, and of- my hanging;- but the iwisanee tfiat gjioat be e&ffie; mea something awfUL He took to showing Up «t all times and seasons, and at' lest they pulled the hat down. But that made it wornse. The ghost enjoyed himself so, much that he went in to the . station and took to dying all over the place, tt ?was a wicked way to go on, and there seemed fto etamce of stopping Mm. They all blamed me for it— said that if I hadn't monkeyed round with the strychnine the ghost would have stopped- where toe -was and Just shown up once a year, as usual. iWWl, I cleared out and left, bat 1 heard that the ghost went on as bad as ever. Some years after that I w«nt back in that neighborhood, and I knew more About ghotetfi and ttnSx ihaWts then than I did before, I asked «.bouit the (&epherd;, and heart that 'luT -still Kept the old game ap, and xhat they'd give anything to get «d -*f Mm, . So I thought I might try and vaxt. an honest jtound or two, so I proposed to &be; new tnan that bad nought the station cheap on account -of the ghost to-clear the spook out if heM give me tan pounds. Be said he'd give me twenty; so 1 -went to wwk. First time the ghost came in I Bpoke to Mm like afeold friend, and asked him What he wanted to jjiay the fool for. He looked at me without speaking same as he did btfbre, and then, did the dying business again. But I wasn't impressed, but continued to poke ftm at him, and 1 could see that he didn't like it, though he wouldn't make a sign. Next bight I told him ther was a, tew against committing sul chfe, .and he was going to be charged at the police court with attempting to take his own life. This astonished him, and without ihtwMiitg be. said 'How are you 'going to get me there?' 'Why, dig your bones up and take them. Then you'll be buried in a fresh place amongst quiet, respectable dead people who stop in their graves.' This seemed to put him out, and X saw that the Idea of shifting his bones made an unpleasant im pression on him. 'They've no Tight to interefere with a man's bones,' he said in a grumbling tone, ''especially when they haven't even put a^rtone ov«s ttm.' *&4&a;?s the StflfevattCefa ft?' Says i. ^ -*», it wasn't an especial grlatjUiee, fettf B6W I tsorite to think of it, tt fs. I'll mate it one any how. . I never was a sub to b* put upon* X Wasn't.' ''Will you stop quiet if there's a stone put over Fdw grave?' 'A real handsome, proper one?' 'Yes. And you won't die' any more.' 'No. I'm not sorry to give over; it's trying to the constitution.' ...._. 'So 1 should think.' The stone was put up, and 1 got in? twenty pounds, and there's peace on the station. 