-4--e---- A DETECTIVE STORY. Br LIawanaOE L. LYNCH, S" Author of "No Proof," " Moina," &c.; ,-. Pubished by special arrangement with Muanrs. Ward, Lock 4 o.. Ltd. [ALL RIOHTS RRERBVRB.] CHAPTER XI. DETAILS. During the day that followed the dis coveries in Mrs Fry's upper chamber, Mr Ferrars did a variety of things that sur prised the brother of Charles Brierly ; yes, and the doctor as well, and he said some things that seemed quite incompre hensible. For the detective was some what given to half-uttered soliloquy when he knew himself amon, "safe" people, and could therefore afford to relax his guard. Likewise he tailed to say the things which Brierly, at least, expected, and much desired to hear. His first movement after the three had breakfasted, was to ask for the keys of the cottage chambers, for they had been handed over to Brierly somewhat ostenta tiously in the presence of Mrs Fry and at the foot of the cottage stairs, by the doctor. "I want to spend another half-hour in those rooms," he said, "and to so leave them that I shall know at once if a human foot has so much as crossed the thres hold." This was all the explanation he chose to make then or upon his return. 'ndeed, when he came back he spent all of the remaining time until high noon amoking alone upon the doctor's neat lawn and along the shady side of the house, excusing himself and guarding against possible intrusion by remarking that he felt the need of a little solitary self-communion. At luncheon the question of the burial was discussed, and afterward Brierly announced his intentions to call upon * Miss Grant, if the doctor thought her able to receive him. " I have told Mrs TMarcy to keep the gossips out," Doctor Barnes said gravely, "she's too sensitive. Miss Grant I mean, to hear unfeeling or curious discussions of the case. But a friend who is in sym pathy-that's another thing. She'll be better with such company than alone." When' Brierly had set out, the detec tive threw away his after-dinner cigar. " Were you called to see the little lady who was taken ill here yesterday, after the close of the inquest ?" ie asked care lessly. " I forgot to inquire, in my desire to keep Brierly occupied.' The doctor shook his head. " I fancy she only n-eded time to recover from her gruesome position. It was a blunder, putting her in plain sizht of that shrouded corpse. Those little blue-eyed women are masses of nerves and fine sensibilities -often. I don't see how it came about." " f you mean the 'blunder' of putting those ladies where they were, it was I who blundered. I arranged to place them there." " You I" the doctor's eyes opened wide in astonishment. "Then I retract. It was I who have hlundered." " Um-I am not so sure," Ferrars re plied slowly, and then the subject as by mutual consent was ignored between them. Ferrars, who seemed for the time . at least to have done his thinking, wrote several letters at the doctor's desk, and then prepared to go out. " I asked permission to call and inauire . after Mrs Jamieson's health, yesterday," he said to the doctor, "'and as she has not required your services she may be able to receive me now" " There is another Esculapius in Glen ville," reminded Doctor arnes. " So I have heard ; but the lady is a person of good taste. She would have called you in if any one." He bowed and went out with a gleam of humor in his eyes "It's sometimes hard to guess what Ferrara means when he speaks with that queer look and tone," mused the doctor. " And who would have thought he would care or think of a formal call like this just now I And yet, that little woman is pretty enough to attract a man, I'm sure; and a detective may be as sus ceptible, I suppose, as another." Ferrars waited for a few moments in the reception room of the Glenville House, and was then conducted to the pretty suite occupied by Mrs Jamieson. \- He found her half 'eclining in a 'ong, low chair, with her friend, Mrs Arthur, still in attendance. She wore a soft, loose robe of black, with bi lowy gauze like ruffles, and floating ribbons of the same sable hue, relieved only by a knot of purple wood violets at her throat. Her " face was very pale .and her eyes, with their changing lights of greyish green and glinting blue, looking larger and deeper than usual because of the dark shadows Jeneath them, and the waves of her plentiful fair hair falling low and loose upon her forehead She welcomed her visitor with a faint half smile, and thanked him again for his kindness of the previous day. She blamed herself for her want of nerve and courage. She inquired after Miss Grant, and ex pressed her sympathy for the bereaved girl, and her desire to see her again to know her, and serve her if possible ; she had showrn herself so brave, yet so womanly that day-and then the little lady told of her encounter with M\ise Grant in the unfortunate character of messenger or bearer of bad news. She was glad there would be ni lack of staunch friends to support the sw-et girl in her time of need and trouble, and she finished by sending a pretty msa sage to tlda, and then without further question or comment corncerning the mur der or the prcgress of the case, she let the talk sliu into the hands of her friend, and leaned bac< in her chair .like one too weak for further effort, seeing which Ferrars soon withdrew. "You wil not consider this an ex ample of my usual hospitality, I trust," Mrs Jamieson said, as he bent over her chair to say farewell. "'I fear I was not wise in refusing to let them call a physician, but I do dread being in the hands of a doctor. I shall be pleased to hear how this sad case progresses, Mr Grant, and by the bye has anything new occurred since the inquest ? Any new witnesses or discoveries of any sort I" But Ferrars shook his head, and murmuring something about time being short .and not taxing her good nature and strength further, he bowed low, and went away. " It's very good of her," he mused, Sas he went, "to take such kindly inte rest in my supposed relative, Miss Grant. But she certainly showed scant interest in the chief actor in the drama, my friend IUrierly." The candles had just beoon lighted that evening, and Ferrara was once more wait ing at the doctor's desal, while Brierly, pale and heavy-eyed, lounged by the long window near, when Doctor Barnes came in, hat in hand. "As you felt some interest in Mrs Jamieson's selection of a physician this morning," the latter said, " I1 will inform you that I have just been summoned t' see that lady, professionally of course, he added, as if by an afterthought, aUc smiling slightly. " Thank you. Mrs Jamieson has viC dicated my belief in her good judgment replied Ferrars, and then he wheea about in his chair, and put out a detaing hand. "Don't think I doubt your resei3' doctor," he went on, " when I ask yoto avoid or evade, if needful, any discuEon of this affair of ours. That is, avoid gng any information, be it ever so trk" He shot a quick glance toward rly, and met the doctor's e0e for one ift, momentary glance. " My visit will be purely profee0nal, and doubtless brief," was the replys the speaker passed fr'm the room, al Fer rars smiled, knowing that his:riend understood the meaning behind tf half jesting words. A moment later Robert Brier arose, yawned, and crossed the room ttake up his hat. "This inaction is horrible,'"e said, drearily. " I must get out. I sh I had walked down with Barnes. on't you come out with me, Mr Ferrari The detective dipped his 3n in the sand-box, and arose quickly, 'hen when he had found his hat, and haciePred the lighlt over the writing tab) he put a hand upon the other's shoupr. "I'll go out with youof course, Brierly," he said, and thervas a world of sympathy, as well as copleto under standing in his tone. "B first, I want to ask you to show youref as little as possible upon the streets,lr a few days to come at least, and th only in the company of the doctor : myself, and not to go out evenings ail1 unless simi larly attended. It wi'be irksome, 1 know, but I believe it iportant, and I must ask this of you,30o without ex planation, for the pres at least" The young man loo'd at him for a moment, earnestly anIs silence. " Do you ask this fcreasons personal to myself, or because :seems to you to be for the interest of is investigation ?" he asked slowly. Forrars smiled. You're as able to take care of yourself3 any man I know, Brierly," lie said, w. frank conviction. " It's for the intere of the case that we -and especially vc-keep ourselves as much aloof as posspe from questions and curiosity. There isnother reason which I cannot give justat." " As you will I have put myself and my brother's vincation in your hands, Mr Ferrars, and shall do nothing, be sure, to hinder var progress." As they passed out Brier paused under the shn dow (of the por'. " Mav I ask if you have put the pne embargo upon Miss Grant. ?" he qutioned. " I have, ye Glenville must know what we wish to know, and not a syl lable more." "Ah ! I lil that." " Because sounds as if you had really found the enof 'our thread here." "Oh, ye.-'The beginning is here. Not of the Ces, mind ; only of the clues. But heavenn y knows where it may lead us before -,lfind the end." " What iatters " said the brother of Charles |-rly, with a heavy sigh, " so long as i' ings us to the truth !" SCHAPTER X1i. "i FERIISS-ORANT." On i f(.urth day after Charles Rrierly' untimely death his body was takei the city and laid beside his parents the beautiful cemetery, where ove aipgief had already prepared for li iaj .i a place of final rest. Nej If the burial had been sent head; ~ a crowd of friends had assen bled at th6 home of their father's oldest 'rieod atd family lawyer. where the body as recPri d as that of a son, and the ast ritea of affection and respect were erformej by the venerable rector who ad seen ti brothers grow from boys to nen. .-S Doctor larnes and Hilda Grant, with lirs Marct Pas chaperone, accompanied ,he sad-heate d brother upon this jour ney, and they were some-hat surprised when Ferras, whom they had thought nust go with them in his character of sole relative to thg-yolng lady, explained that iis preseneu in Glenvillo just then was essential to the success of the work he lad been called there to do. '" There are so many little things which I want to learn," lie said. "In fact, I must know Glenville much better before I can go far in my search and during your absence I can find the time for making many new acquaintances, and I mean to begin by cultivating your friend Doran, doctor." They were gone three days, and when they returned they were but a party of three., "Poor Charlie Brierly," as his friends in the city had already begun to call the dead, lay in his last quiet earthly home, and Robert had remained in the city. " To settle up his brother's affairs, and out the matter of his death into the hands of the detectives." At least this ;i what Mr Doran informed one of the loungers who, seeing the return of the doctor and the two ldies, had remarked upon Brierly's absence.i " Of course he'll hive to come back here," Doran had furher added. "He ain't touched the thinsin his brother's rooms yet, they say. But they'll wait butter than the othr bViness." " Umph I" the village:snitfed. " He's let three days slip by Without makin' much of a stir. Why onearth ain't they had one o' them fellers iown here long before this ? They amn't aomed to hurry much." i " Well, you see, at firti'twas more than half believed that thelliooting must iave been by accident; ad then-this is just between you and ue, Jones didn't you ever think that eon after that jury's verdict, and the doctois testimony, they, Doe. and the brother,isight have wanted to make sure, by a sot of private and more thorough investigtibn of the wound, eh ?" - " By crackey I Now that pu speak of it, I heard Mason say', they aia up an' movin' round at the doctor's tht livelong night 1 Yes, sir, reckon you'ehit it!" " My I" mused Samuel Dorin, as he moved away from the gossip " They bite at my yarns like babies on ithethin' ring. Doe. knows his fellow crittra, sure enough, and my work's laid out fr me, I guess." For Doran, after due consultatt, and upon the doctor's voucher, hadcbeen taken a little way into the confidnle of the three men, and Ferrars began t fore see in him a reliable helper. The above brief conversation took place between Doran and Mr Jonespro fessional dep6t-lounger and occasaial worker at odd jobs, while the doctot?was putting Hilda and Mrs Marcy inm'*a waiting carriage, and, when he had eon it drive away up town, Doran came ý ward and addressed him in a tone qtt audible to the bystanders. "You see,-I didn't forget the carria!,| Doe. Hope Miss Grant ain't none tlb: worse 'for her sad sort of journey." Ad. then, as the two walked away from th' platform together, and he saw the doctori eyes glancing from side to side, Dora! went on. "' Looking for Mr Grant, Doe. \ Well, I guess you won't see him; not before supper-time, anyhow. Fact is, I guess he's sort of fancy struck on that pretty-faced widow down at the Glenville House, and he's taken her out behind my greys this afternoon. I don't know as I blame him any; she is a dainty little wid." The doctor stared at him in amazement at his first words, and then broke into a hearty laugh over the last. " Upon my word, Doran, you will be ible to write a new dictionary of abbre viations some day ! Doran's Original I A dainty wid is very good in its way; only s she a ' wid ' " "That's what they say at the Glenville. Widow and rich." At the next corner Doran halted. SHave to tear myself away," he said amiably. ' See you later," and the two nen separated5 " Well, old man, how have you fared luring the lull in your business F" asked )octor Barnes, as his man came to meet tim. " You don't look overworked." 1' I ain't been, neither, sah. Your Mr Grant or Mr Ferrars, I ain't rightly got lis name, I guess, sir, he 'pears ter like the cooks down the Glenville better than me. I ain't had no bother with him since you left, sir, 'cept to make up his bed.' "I now. He has found some friends there, I fancy, Jude. Any news or messages " and the doctor became at once absorbed in his neglected business. Ferrars made his appearance at " supper time" as Doran had described the evening meal, and the two men had much to discuss. When Jude had placed the last dishes and retired, the detective, who thus far had been listening to the doctor's account of the journey and the sad funeral obsequies, looked up and said: "I suppose you have heard of my wanderings, doctor, and how I have forsaken poor Judo 1 The fact is, I have found plenty of leisure, and Mrs Jamie son, when one comes to know her a little, ;s a very ab-interesting woman. The sort of woman, in fact, whose society I now and then enjoy. I have not neglected my duty, however, but there :a absolutely nothing new. And, by the bye, I must see Miss Grant this evening; after that, if you are at liberty, we must have a talk. I have decided upon a change of plan, of which you must :now." He had left a note for Miss Grant, which advised her of his intended call a: soon as she should have become rested and refreshed. He was glad to find her ;o strong and so composed, and he came at once to the business in hand. " Miss Giant," he began, " as I said in ny note, I have something to propose to you which has presented itself to me as the best course during your absence; and, to begin, let me ask, have you still full confidence in me as a detective, and as a man whom you may trust ?" She lifted her fine clear eyes to his face and kept them there while she replied. " I felt that I could trust you, Mr 'erras, when we first met. There has been no change in that feeling unless it nay be the change to a larger measure of trust and confidence." " thank you." And now the cool de ective flushed like a schoolboy" "I shall ry hard to deserve your good npinion, and it encourages me to broach my angular proposal. I believe it will enable me to get on easier and with more rapidity f you will permit me to continue for an in lefinite time in the rl6e which I did not at first choose for myself, and I ask you f I may still remain, in the eyes of Glen ville, as now, in the character of your cousin.". "To remain-in Glenville 1" " When Doctor Barnes sent for me, advising me that 1 might arrive in the character of your cousin, it was, of course, with the idea that this masquerade would be a brief one, and it was under aken because the doctor knew how it would hamper if not really balk, m. ttempts to unravel this mystery if I were known as a detective. 1 cannot explain now, but I ask you to believe that, being here, I am now convinced that in laying aside this character I should put out of my hands my best weapon, the most dirs-t means of following up and ferreting out a crime which I fully believe will prove to have been- that is, if we succeed in finding out the truth-a crime with a far-reaching plot behind it, and the cause of which most of us have not even remotely dreamed of." "You have said enough. All is in your hands. Be what you will and must, the better to prove to the world that Charles Brierly, my husband in the sight of heaven, died as he lived, an up right gentleman and martyr, and not the suicide or the victim of a righteous vangeance that most people would for ever declare him if the truth is not made known." " Understand," he urged, " that if you consent to this, you, as well as myself, will have a part to play, and an active part, perhaps, in the drama we are about to begin, Remember, you will have to keep up the deception for weeks, possibly months; and to go and come at my desire." "Do you mean," she asked, breath lessly, "that you may need my help ?" "I do need your help I' " h!" she cried, letting go her self restraint for the moment. " You don't know what you are doing for me I To be active, to do something, instead of sitting still and eating my heart out with sus. pence. It will save me from madness perhaps. What could a true relative do for me more than you are doing and will do. You are my cousin 1" And she put out her two hands to him with a new look of energy and reiolve in her face. As he took the two slim hands in his own and looked in her eyes, suddenlyso aroused and purposeful, he saw for the first time, the full strength and force of will and nature behind that fair face and gentle bearing, the high spirit and ccurago animating the slender frame. " rhank you," he said, simply, as he released her hands. "I feel that I can rely upon you at need. You have the strength; can you have the patience as well P At present I can tell you very little. You will have to take much upon trust." "I have anticipated that." "For example, it is my inflexible rule never to reveal the name of a suspected person until I have at least partial proof of guilt enough to warrant an arrest. But you have a right to such confidence as I can give,, and so, if you have a question to ask, and I think you have, let me an swer it if I can." "Oh, I thank you. She came a step nearer. " I ask myself one question, over and over; that there was no guilty secret in my poor boy's life and death, I know. Where, then, can be the motive V" "The motive, ah When we know that, we shall be at the beginning of the end of the matter. Sit down, Miss Grant, and I will put the case before you as I now see it." She sank into the nearest seat without a word. " As to the manner of the murder," he went on, " this is my conclusion. Some one, on enemy who hated or feared him, has informed himself of Ur Oharles Brierly's habits, and made himself fami liar with the woeds along the h.ke shore. Your friend, I learn, has practised target `hooting for some time. Have you ever thought that he might have had a ireason I.br so doing I" " Good heavens I 'No I" " Well, that is only a suggestion. But this much is certain, the deed was pre meditated, and carefully planned I have satisfied myself that the assassin, approaching from the south, made a most the circuit of that long mound, after making sure that no one was near, in order to reach the point scarcely twelve feet from the place where the body was found, from which to fire the fatal shot." " My God I" "It was a bold venture, but not so dangerous as might at first appear. I find that from a point half way to the top of the mound one might be quite concealed from any one down by the lake shore while taking a long look up and down the road. And, in case of approach, there is at the south end of the mound a clump of bushes and young trees, where one could easily remain concealed while awaiting the victim or the passing of an interloper. From the town to a point not far south of the knoll or mound, as your people call it, the ground between the road and lake has been partially cleared of undergrowth for the comfort of picnickers and fishing parties, I am told." "Yes." She sighed wonderingly. "But beyond that, a person wishing to be un seen from the lake or road could easily hide among the brush and trees. I believe all this was carefully studied and carried out, and that, five minutes after the shots were fired, the slayer was on his way southward to some point where a con federate waited, with some means of con veying themselves to a safe distance." " Ah I" she whisperei. " The boat " "Yes, the boat. It was a part of the plot, and rowed to that point by the con federate, I believe, for the purpose of misleading justice. Doran, who is an able helper, learned this morning that a farm hand, who was driving his stock across the road to drink at the lake, saw a man in a boat rowing up towards Glenville at half-past seven that morning." "Oh! And can you follow them? Is the trail strong enough 1" " I think so. And there are other clues. There is much to be done here in Glen ville first of all. At the inquest the tes timony was purposely left vague and un certain at some points." " And why I" "Because, somewhere, not far away, there is a person who is watching develop ments, and who may leave some track unsevered if he can be made to think we are off the scent. 1 mean to know my Glenville very well before I leave it and some of its people too. And here you can help me as soon as you are strong enough" " I am strong enough now. What more can I do 7" "You remember the foolish boy and his fright when questioned 1" " Of course." " Well, as his teacher, can you not win his confidence until his fear is overcome ? That boy has not told all he knows." " He is very dull, I fear. He said he saw a ghost." " Well, we must know the nature of that ghost, and why it has closed his lips so effectually. Seriously I hope much from that lad." " rhen be sure I will do my best." "You see, I am taking you at your word. And there's one more thing. I have been told that strangers go oftenest to the Glenville when in town. Now it behoves me to know the latest comers, and the newcomers there, and chance having given me opportunity to break the ice by being polite to Mrs Jamieson. IL have improved the moments. I don~t mean that I am studying the lady for anp sinister purpose, but one can see that sle is quite a social leader in the house, and through her I have already come to Kr?o several of the other inmates. Mrs Janig. son very much desires to know you, ay if you will allow her to call, as under thi circumstances she desires to do, and if you will return that ca l in short, put yourself upon the footing of an acquain tance-it will really help me greatly." For a long moment Hilda did not speak, then " I will do as you wish, of course," she said, but the note of eager readiness had gone out of her voice. " inut I cannot even think of that woman without living over again our first meeting and the awful news dealt me. Will I ever outlive the hurt of it 1" "It hurt her, too; I am sure of that. She is a keenly sensitive woman. She went from your schoolroom really ill, so her friend has told me." \- "I can well believe that. She looked ill when she came to me. And who can wonder I" her tone softening. "Mrs Jamieson is certainly kind, and why should we not be friends ? She is a lady, refined and charming Don't think me, unreasonable, Mr Ferrars. I shall be pleased to receive her, of course." "Thank you. And remember, that for the present Francis Ferrars becomes Ferriss, Ferriss-Grant. You'll not for get your part 1" "I will not forget," she answered. And when he was gone she smiled a sad little womanly smile. ' After all, a de tective is but a man, and that petite, soft spoken, dainty blonde woman is just the sort to fascinate a big-hearted, strong man like Francis Ferrars." (To tsa ontinue ). 