TALES AND SKETCHES. [OOI'VKIUIIT.] PROMOTION"OF SENTRY NO. 10. AN INCIDKST OF TIM: AMKRICAS WAK, HY C. V. HARGREAVES, Author nf " Paul Römer," " Posto Ruítauti'," " Thc Ghost of Mury Thorpe,'1 &c.; " You «¡ll «ced to have your wits about you." " I know it, sir." " Ucmemuur, even now, if you like to draw back 1 will caucel your application. There arc ot itera ready to volunteer." " 1 don't wihh lo draw buck. At all cuatis I will undertake it." Thu Colonel in command nf thc small division of thc C force louked somewhat doubtfully at his sub. Thc young matt stood lhere alert, self-possessed, uay even eager to hcoirouhis perilous miasioii. That a lari;1? body of thc Secessionists were somewhere within lluir vicinity was well known ; but it waa an urgent nccchsity lo the Colonel com mantling tlx: Hiiull body of Goveruuieut forces, that he should ascertain the position they hail taken up, and whether it would he advisable for him lo face back upon thc main body sonic fifteen miles in thc rear. S'ouls had bern sent ont, but even with tho best intentions, rcportH were conflicting. As a lust und Mottle* what perilous resource, it bail been decided to send out scouts on foot, who would bc able to penetrate further within thc enemy's linc thuu u mounted man could do. Jaspar Deane was noe who volunteered for the attempt. The youngest Bub in the com- pany, merely a -dight, fair-haired stripling, und moreover thc son of his dearest friend, Colonel Wensley, hesitated to accept ilia tcrviccs. Hut the young man wus persistent To youth nothing seems impossible : he would return covered with glory ; he feared nothing ; he was cager in bis entreaties to the Colonel for permission. Six*or eight miles lay between themselves and the opposing forces. Rough brush covered ground offered advantages for con- cealment. He knew every inch of the country. By making a detour he could, at least so he itoped, come down at thc rear of the enemy's camp and détermine its strength. " Then go, hoy, and lnck be with you," Baid tile Colonel, kindly. If you succeed it will mean promotion, and if you IOBC your life -well, it will bc for your country, and a man cannot lose it in a better cuuso than that. U6C every precaution, let there be no fool- hardiness. I shall have to answer lu your father for thia." " There is another man going also ?" said Deane, moving towards thc door of lite tent. "Who is he?" " Blackie of thc 19th. lie will descend from the west side. You take the east." Some miuutcs later Jaspar Deane was ready to set out. lie had carefully weighed thc probabilities of return. Thc chances were ten to one against him. He went, carrying his life in his hand ; but it was his otra life, to do willi it as he would. *' Haven't you got a relative Bctving under the southern flag ?" asked one of tho younger officers, us Deane buckled up his belt. " My cousin." " Seen him since the war broke out ?" "No; hut I've reason lo believe hc'B over there." Tho lad jerked his liaml in thc direction where tho opposing forces wert suspected to bu lying. '' I may tumble across him before I've done." " Has he a grudge against you ?" asked the other man. "Grudge*" Jaspar wheeled round. "Hc'< one of thc best fellows who ever put foot tc thc ground. He wus going to marry my sister, but, of course, that's all ofT now. When the war broke out he chucked ur. everything and went Tooth and nail in witt thc Secessionists. He's only a private." " I don't imagine be is still. Promotion comes pretty quick nowadays. Well, you're off." Thc thick darkness hugged thc little camp like a mantle, aud Jaspar atole away into it. Fleet-footed as a hare, wiry, sgile, fearless: if he could not succeed in this mission it was doubtful if any other member of thc force could. He went swiftly on with a sureness born of close acquaintance with thc country, keeping well tu cover, listening for every auspicious sound, his nerves keenly on thc alert, his eyes, watchful as a cal's, peering into thc darkness. ' He had laid his plans with some precision before bc left the camp. It was possible he mighl have to modify them, hut ho must be guided by circumstances. As he tramped on his thoughts flew to Blackie of thc 19th, scouting like himscli over thc lonely country Bide. Would he also be successful, or would they both lose their lives in this risky attempt V He had jicurious feeling that he would like to shake Mackie by the hand for good luck. Thc darkness did not seem to bc lifting al all. He was glad of that. It showed the night was not so far advanced as lie feared. Shuttld the opposing force attack them it was not likely the charge would be made before daybreak, and long ere that dawned bc heped to bc back in camp with news as to whether it would bc udvisable for thc Colonel in command to retreat whilo there was yet lime. He was getting very near the Secessionist forces now. Here and there, in the far distuuee, he could sec lights twiukling out, but a profound silence reigned around. He must proceed now with extreme caution if he would uot tumble iuto thc arms of tin sentries. Unce or twice he narrowly escaped this unlucky fate, und had to lie clown mute and still as a mummy in tho long grass until bc could hear thc measured steps receding. Making u sharp turn to the right, bc enmc down, UB he anticipated, in the rear of thc camp, stealing through tbe lines almost like a ghost. Now, if ever he carried his life in hie bauds ; mic falsu step, nay even u breath taken noisily, might betray bini. IuBensibly, despite his courage, his heart began to beat faster. He was tired, too ; weary with crawling through the grass and thc stones, which had cut his hands in several places. Suddenly he caught his breath sharply, and crouched low down into thc ground. He seemed only u part of thc shadows now. Stops were nearing him-steps und voices. In the clear night air bc could hear frugmculE of thc conversation distinctly. They loomed up lo him at last, two tall military figures wrapped in great coats. From their air ol connuuml, their careless freedom, Dcaut judged them- und rightly so-to bc officers. Close beside Ilia hiding-place wus u low bunker of turf and sund. After u momentary hesitation one of thc men stopped, aud lifted up Iiis foot on to it. So near was he to Juspct Deane that the young man could have touchée him almost without putting out his hum!, He scorcely dured to breathe. Discuvcrj incant short shrift ; but, oh, what a cliuuci wus this I In his mast suuguiuu moments lu had never hoped for anything half so lucky They spoke coolly, unguardedly, ignorant thai every word was being drunk in by thosi unseen cars behind thc bunker. As Colonol WcuBlcy had suspected, ur u.luck wus to bc mudo upon thc opposing forces at daybreak. Crouched there, Dcani hcurd it all; thc plan of attack, thc toute thc expected result, for it was evidently wei known thut tho Government forces were hu small now that they were separated from tin main body, lt waa only a brief conversation, bul quit enough for Jusper Deane. He grudged now every second that the men stood thore talking At lust one of them-he who had lifted hi foot up to thc bunker to tie a refractory sho lace-stood np ugjin. " Come, let's tum in for an hour," he Baid 'Tm pretty well dead beat." So was someone else ; but he still had hi work lo do. They moved on, and Deuu breathed more freely. If all wont well li would be hack in camp iu an hour and a hal There would be omplc time for retreat. He had formed a rough cat .mutti of thc force in camp there. His own regiment wus ouluum bercd len to one, or more. Leaving the friendly cover. Deane slipped awuy in u thu darknese. ¿¿o far Kori une hud heeii kind to him ; but it sometimes happens that .-ven iu her quiverful of lucky arrow* alie currica a poisoned barb 1 She had kept thin until thc lust, for Jaspar Deane. Creeping warily» inch by inch through thc enemy's lines, he hud reached the furthest outpost. Once past thin it would hu plain sailing ; a question only of how quickly he could reach his own cump aud give thia valuable informa- tion. ¡ He was now on the summit of a little ridge, lielow him stretched Ihe country, broken hy rough shrubs and huuhlern. ti ti fancied him Reif free from thc bent rici, he had not seen u gleam of une during the hst few minnies They would «caiedy plucn a mun so fur us thi». Hy culling do vi ii (Ilia lidge he would âave huit a mile-he knew it well. He turned to go, had Kciambled ti few alt- ps, then catch iug his foot in tlic lunghd grabs rolled heavily down, bringing with him a shower of HI OUCH. Thc r ttle of these sounded in I Jeu nu's excited eara like the roar of artillery. He felt a quick aim rp pu i n in his ankle, tried to move, un f then a acute of sickt ning det-pair swept over bim. Tht> game waa up. It se em ed almost us if thc timn confronting him hud risen from the ground, bo noiM.'leua hud hv.cn his approuch. Foiled itt thc lust ! tic could ate the w icked gleam <>: the nile turrel .scarcely a du/,.-ii inches from his f cc. Literally and figura- tively he hud tallen into the ai ins of a bentry, and ull hin dreams of promotion, escupí-, life, fuded in thc awful realisation of what had he fallen him. He louked up despairingly, tried to Rpeak, und then suddenly thc musket wad lowered. The sentry stepped back a poce. *' My (io i ! Jaspar, il is you !" said n stupefied, hut ia mi li ar voice. ** What brings you hero?" Deane remained silent. There was a second's pause, (î cr vate Rutherford's duly stared him in the face in all its ugly signifi- cance. Ile must give up tIiis man to his Colonel ; give him np to bc shot as a spy at daybreak : this mau who wan us a brother lo him, u luise sinter was tn be hie wife. How could he go to her stained with her brother'* blood? >urely, never he fort; was man placed to another in a more tenable position than this He slnnd with the burrel of his musket resting on the ground, his face a prey to con- flicting emotions. " Are you going to give me up, Gervase?" said Deaue, hoarsely. For thc sake of all that huB been hciwecu UP, for Dora's eukc, remember old times, is there no middle course-" The low pleading voice cut into Ruther- ford's heart like a knife. This man hud been his friend from childhood ; they had played together as boya, studied at thc mime college, been cbumB-closest and best of thums always, uni il thc breaking ont of ihe war, when each had choaen his own side, and kept it. 41 It is against my duty," he said hoarsely. " You are herc is a spy.'* " I admit it." There was a long silence. " Look herc," broke out Rutherford, " 1 can't give you up. Clear out." Deane made an attempt lo risc, and sauk back again with a groan of agouy. " 1 have injured my right leg. Cannot move," he said. " You must." Deane dragged himself a few steps. Great bi ads of perspiration stood out upon his brow. " It is death for you to be found here," urged Llutherf-rd. " Without UHBÍBUUCCI can't get back. The game's up. Never mind. C'est la fortune de la querré, my friend. 1 may as well chuck it first as last." Rutherford went up to him. .see herc," he said, fevcii&hly.; "In half Hn-hour's time sentry will bc relieved. Until then I shall not be missed. I'll help you part way-until you're out of danger. Atter that you must do the best you eau for your- self. Aol a word. My mind is made up. We haven't a moment to lose. It is for Dora's sake-poor little Dora. God help us both. Shu alwuys loved her brother more than her lover.1' Rutherford spoke more tn hiniBelf than to bis companion. He knew well thc hideous risk he wan running. If by any chalice his desertion from his post was discovered there would be but the ono ending, and that " Come," lie repeated, takiug Deane by the arm, and cutting short his remonstrances. " Wc waste lime." In silence they went on, Jaspar dragging himself H I ow I y over the long grass, holding to Rutherford's arm, and feeling us if every «tcp in util be his last He recovered li i nisei after a time ; thc fir.st sick, dizzy sensation had passed awuy. He WAS in agony still, but it was only a question of endurance now. Even at this slow puce he would reach his own camp before dawn, and would be able to give warning, if nothing more. " I will uianuge alone now," he said. Betting his teeth hard, "Don't come another Btep. If you should have been missed-" He could not H ni-h the sentence. I1 adi knew what thc pause inferred. One close Blondy grip of thc hand, and then Ru i hm lord was speeding buck through the darkness to his deserted post. Hud he miscalculated thc time ? Was it possible he had gone further with Deane than he i ute nd ul ? What were those three figures standing there errcct and silent ? A little sob of d cd pa ir hurst from his lips. All wus dis- covered. No words of explanation could avail. The one damning fact Blood out naked, shorn of all palliation. While on sentry duty he had deserted his poat, and for this he must die. "Halt!" the command came in a quick stern vniee. "You ure under arrest." Rutherford gave up his musket. 11 Hight about face ! March !" Like a man in a dream he went obediently. Another day dawned. Just us the fust soft lines of gray silvered thu eastern horizon, and thc world uwakened to life ugain, away al one end of in* camp the sharp, clear rattle of muukeiiy rung out. A little cloud of smoke rested a moment like thc mist of a funeral pyr over the tragedy played out, und then, caught by thc chill morning breeze, vanished swiftly. Rut with that little cloud of smoke had come the message of promotion to Sentry No. IO. Promotion to lite ranks of those whom thc world knows no more, and whose work is liuiuhed, [TI1K END] 