TOBF Ft TSAM AND JBTBAM. By " APEMANTUS." THE third day of the V.E.C. Autumn Meeting was a real beauty so far as weather was concerned, and the attendance at Plemington was fully equal to that we generally expect to see on "Champion Day.' The executive are not in any way to blame for the principal event being reduced to a match between two horses, neither of which can be denominated a " champion," although both sired by that champion of champions, Carbine. Bun dook could never under any circumstances be classed as being within two or three stones of his mighty sire, and Amberite has been the most fortunate colt ever foaled. AMBERITE had a most wretched field only to defeat in the A J.C. Derby, which he annexed easily, and then his name went up with a bound when he won the Caulfield Cup, owing to the terrible blocking during the running'of the ra^e of JSiridsdale and Aurum, Amberite was returned the Winner of the V.R.C. Derby, and ha^now the Champ,on Stakes to his credit. I know there are many racmg man and racing writers who aver tbat he was so much fitter than Aurum on Derby f ^ T i t^?- V ' 0U ld haVG beaten , little Aurum even if the collision had not occurred, but I am Trsiv^n' 1 thflt number, for my opinion is that Trenton s gaUant little son is able to defeat Ambente, it only throe-parts fit, any distance from tout furlongs to four miles. \ E ^e wMk point about Aurum, and that is that poor foot which will keep on bursting. On Wednesday afternoon only was it discovered that inflammation had once again set in. and after Mr. Wilson had interviewed it about i?<°l evening, Aurum's part-owner thought it would be an injustice to " Mr. Jersey " a Inl- f? re at interest in the Australian running of Aurana's brother, to risk a breakdown Accordingly, Mr. Wibon informed the secretary of the Victorian Club during the evening that, he would not be represented in the Champion Stakes. Outside of th* itjury to the idol of the racing public, it is a g*eU pity the inflammation did not set in a few hours earlier as we should then have had a fair field of horses to contest the event, for owners generally knew tbey had no chance whatever of defeating the little hero, and they do not all care to start their orses simply to gather in the shekels apportioned B place money. » n% C0 T e l V 1 } 1 . only SU( h a P air as Ambtrite and Bundook left in the race, the interest was practically destroyed, although it was known that Bundook would make a pretty solid pace, and, after the first half of the three m.lss iourney which was at only a « wonting gallop » pace, as it occupied 2.o2l there was a great improvement, as the two miles were cut out in 3.42i, the last six furlongs occupied 1.17^, and then'the best was put on, as from Bundook at the five-furlone post to Amberite to the winning post waa only 1 4«, a pretty merry five furlongs at the end of a three miles journey. With the view of obtainl i ! a f r u > m A on fy by running the distance not outside 5 45, Amberite was driven along and got home as quickly as he possibly could, completing the journey in 5mm. 271sec., and winning by a "street" from Bundook. There was not very much botting on the event, but punters freely laid 3 to 3 on Duenna's son. MANY folks argue that Aurum would have had his work cut out to beat Amberite, and^tbey looked at the time test BB a gauge, remembered that only once, when he was passing Bundook, was Amberite more than a horse's distance away from the rails. Moreover, everything was strongly in favour of time, the atmosphere being bright and clear, and the course in the best condition possible for fast galloping. THANKS to the strong run which ret in for the Gippslander Milord, although the son of Caramut was not much fancied by his owners, hackers of Clondalbin were able to get on to Goldsbroutrh's pon at the nice price of threes for the Hurdle K»ce, and notwithstanding that Mr. Dakin bad raised him 14lbs. for his win on Australian Cup Day Clondalkin led all.the way and held his own to the end stains off a vigorous challenge by Cynic (late R.A.S.) and winnine by a couple of lengths in the very fast timeof 3min. 481-ec. forthetwo miles over hurdles. Milord managed to get S ^ r i ^ L ^ ^ f " 0 ^ ' but even his light weight was t^obeavyfor him to get within a dozen lengths of the winner. Bob Batty was in winning both hurdle races, for no one deserves it much more than does tb I8 popu aexjockey, whose fame is known throughout Austral- ON his Caulfield running it looked all the six to four tbe „ fielders , „ asked T,, from , punters about <• Spencer for the Maiden Plate, but this son of Carbine and imported Silvia was unequal to the task, as Avalon, who was unbacked by the stable, challenged Spencer at the half-distance and, wearing him down, won by a short length, with Amberite's brother, Pelissier, a middling third. Avalon cut out the mile in 1.42}, BO it was evidence that the son of Stratbmore and Chintz knows how to use his legs. ONE of the best contests of the meeting ensued fV,n Antnmn Handican was down for Ltion altht^nly eight"^ If the t Jo an" twenty coloured on tbe card attended at the post, Betting was pretty rlose. as at the me of the barrier punter« took 7 to 2 about Loch Leigh and 4 to 1 about Vakeel ; whilst Mischief was well supported at a point longer. Talavera did not travel too well in the market, but Cravat and Legs both met with mild support, Trentham and Damien being the only two whose names bookmakers were unable to write. The race was miserably slow for tbe first mile, but then the pace was put on to some tune, as the final five furlongs were cut in 1.2, about the fastest of the meeting. Mischief made the greater portion of the runnine. attended by Loch Leigh, but at the distance Vakeel shot out and had a commanding lead. Then Cravat came at him with a run, but was none too generous in his demeanour, otherwise he would have reversed the short half head which gave the ancient Vakeel the verdict to the stake. THE Nursery Handicap of seven furlongs saw a lotof finest in^^ thTb^g Vv^rThT ^ht starters. Throughout Ormuz was favourite and then came a run on Canada, but the latter was relegated to limbo directly the stable made a move on Relic. Johansen also had plenty of supporters, but Pelissier, The Pirate King, Sparta and Safetv were pretty well friendless. At the distance Relic shot out from her field and won by a length from Pelissier, with Ihe Pirate King, finishing very speedily, a similar distance away third. Canada was last, and Chris Moore was called upon for an explanation, which, was, however, considered satisfactory by the stewards. Relic, the winner, is comparatively a pony, and when seen it was thought " such a weed " could not poseibly get seven furlongs, and yet she did, and ran the distance in 1.31, whereas it took Resolute 1.30 to win tbe Bourke Handicap, Relic is by Robinson Crusoe, from ^Tonia. by Newminster—Idalia, by English Tim Whiffler. from Musidora, so she is on her dam's side bred very similarly to Newhaven, who was by Newminster, from Oceana by St. Albans from Idalia. THE River Handicap concluded the day's sport and was remarkable for the number of horses afflicted with rigor mortis; it may be wrong to call them horses under the circumstances, for they were simply entities with distinguishing numbers on their saddle cloths. From the opening of the betting Moonlyong was favourite, and she won comfortably from the unlucky Fitzroy arid Keera. The position of the latter explains pretty clearly what the majority of the others were doing, for Keera is now one of the worst in training. He may, however, yet again display his two-year-old 6peed, for he then was undoubtedly a'good one. IT would indeed have been a difficult job to find a more beautiful day for racing than was last Saturday, the final of the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting, and if the committee had ordered one specially made to order they could not have been better suited. Indeed, throughout the club has had exceptional weather, especially in such a fickle climate as this. In consequence of the sun shining so brilliantly there was a splendid attendance, which included a party from Government House, as also several of the members of tbe Federal Convention. Ladies were present in large "numbers, and (naturally showed resplendent in magnificent costumeB. The tout ensemble was undoubtedly brilliant, as it should be at the headquarters of Australasian racing, and Mr. H. Byron Moore, together with his executive committee, as also his official assistants headed by Mr. Edward Milep, are all to be congratulated upon the really splendid success achieved. THE A11-Aged Stakes run over a mile initiated the programme for the day, and as it included the winners of the Newmarket Handicap and long event, the field contained a worthy contingent of "the old brigade." Opposed to them were Bobadil, the erratic but brilliant son of Bill of Portland, as also Relic, the victress in the Junior Handicap of seven furlongs, tun on the Champion Day. WITH such a field the betting was brisk, and although Aurum was withdrawn the public selected Bobadil to suppy the vacancy, his actual starting price being 9 '.o 4, whilst Amiable was at a shade longer, or 5 to 2. Many folks arguel that Bobadil was not a "boy's horse," and that with two su.;h remarkably tpeedy ones off \-- the mark 83 Bobadil and Amiable, the -~ ould probably « cut their own throats P another, and so they had a plunge o * « t foar8' or Wait* Bit at a couple of ^ [onger Amiable was the first away, and 10 Q f at a rafctli ce, with Bobadil in Iseattendance, the pa.r actually taking Ayrshire c ^ V the Australian Cup winner ° [never! get really going. The {first to crack was Amiable, who las in serious trouble P wher0 Bobfldil headed berj and ]D the excellent time of „ f M w nn 1.40f, which to my memory is the fastest on record for this particular race. Wait - a - Bit secured second place, and Relic was next, the --- actual last , being , •• „ A „ miable. , Instead , • ,, of being not a " boy's horse,' Bobadil ran straighter j n young Manning's hands than he has in anyone ei 8e'e, and completed the last five furlongs in 1 3f. Qf course he may have proved himself just as errati c if the race had been run up the straight, but as he was against the rails all the way he had no chance of taking his usual bolt to tbe on. A f t e e Bobadi]- s very superior performance it wae oni y natural that Auriferous, his stable companion, should be the select ^for the Unplaced Two-Year-Old Handicap, and he was backed down to evens in a field of nine, with Ranfurlya son of Eiridspoid and J\ma, occupying tne posmon or second m the market at 7 to 2, whilst a little unsexed money went son on of Ra^itsinhji Martini-Henri and and Private Iolanthe. Willis, an At the distance there were only the trio who carried coin battling it out, but Ranfurly for the first time in his existence raced gamely and honestly, and won with comfort from Auriferous, a halfbrother by Robinson Crusoe to Aurum and Auraria, with Kanji. third and Westward Ho next. The time, 1.3, was by no means bad for third-class youngsters. Ranfurly is the property of Sir Rupert Clarke and, after giving us some really first-class trials last spring, he never ran up to them, and consequently had acquired an unenviable character. I-believe this is the first time Sir Rupert's pretty colours have been carried first past the post, but we must hope it will not be the last by many a score, for we want wealthy un men on the THE Place Handicap attracted half-a-score of runners and as Cravat met Vakeel on 5lb. better terms than in the Autumn Handiiap he was made favourite, but I don't think I ever saw a much better race for speculation, as at least eight of the ten starters were legitimately supported. Mr. Hordern's unreliable son of Castor and Necklace went out at 7 to 2, with Vakeel at fives, and then followed Moonlyong at a point longer, whilst Loch Leigh, Mischief and The Chevalier also had hosts of friends. Contrast, in the interests of her stable companion, Mischief, cut out the running at a great pace, and lan the first seven furlongs in Bourke Handicap time, namely, 1.30. She kept her position, too, until the straight was reached, when she resigned to another lightweight, Nancylea, but at the distance the favourite took command and coming away won by seven or eight lengths from Moonlyong, who took second money by beating Nancylea a length and a-halr, with Loch Leigh close up. The race was run in 2min. 35|sec., which is the record for this distance over Fiemington, although Survivor ran it at Rand- wick in 2.35 with, strange to say, exactly the same weight, 8.8, that Cravat carried. NOTWITHSTANDING that Whernside was raised lllbB. and the distance was a mile further than on Tuesday, nothing would go down with punters but the big Glorious gelding, although Eumeralla and Tapage had supporters, the only other candidate, poor old Confidence, being sadly neglected— a satire on old age. Whernside never gave his opponents the ghost of a show, as he won in a common canter from Tapage, who iecovered a blunder in a really marvellous manner. Eumeralla fell no less than three timeB, and then carried his owner into third money, Jimmy Allan being most vociferously cheered for his plucky riding. Confidence could not manage to complete the course. WITH Aurum out of the way, the Loch Plate looked the best of good things for Battalion, who was opposed only by Amberite and Bundook, each of which had gone down comfortably before him in the E sendon Stakes, and yet with 5 to 4 laid freely on the ex-Queenslander, there were hosts ot backers who supported Amberite. As the colt was meeting the son of Battalious on 61bs. worse terms than in the mile and a-half event, this betting caused folks to ask what the Champion StakeB winner had been doing on St. Leger day. AN WIN on Battalion was evidently determined that the pace should be true throughout, for he cut out the first six furlongs iu 1.20^, and tbe nest in 13secs., with Amberite and Bundook following, about five lengths in tbe rear. Up the straight the Carbine colt challenged the leader, but the good-looking chestnut carried too much powder, even if it were not smokeless, and romped away from him again, winningcomfortably bv a length and three- quarters, with Bundook bt a en off. The race was runat such a clinking pace that the fourteen furlongs were cut out in 3.5, o only 2sec. longer than the record for the distanc made by light-weight handicap horses Battalion ran Ws his last fast'»ii_e mile «d"half and in 2.36^. 2.36J, I— the l a9t six foriow in 1.16, 1 and the last five in 1.3*. so it Joes without saying that J. E. Brewer had the ex Q aeen slander in great form. ei ^ „ „ .. _ ^fkandicap, AND now came the the last last of scene thejour of all, and the twenty Pare- -M Handicap, the last of the four and twenty races programmed by tbe V.B.C. out or tne fifty-three coloured on the card the scratching pen was so freely used that only fifteen appeared at the barrier. So and So was the first selected by backers, and at one time touched 5 to 2, bat a run set in for Spencer which sent the Ballarat gelding back almost to double that price, whilst Spencer correspondingly advanced to 5 to 1. The Reaper and Moonlyong were firm at sixes, and at a point longer were Staffa and EiridBforde, but Talavera, after being backed at sixes, went back to tens. When they bad Bettled in their places Beau Brummel took a strong command, and held it to the turn, where Talavera and Spencer singled out, but the Melbourne colt, favoured with 6 9, came away ani won comfortably by a couple of lengths from the Metal gelding, with Reaper once again placed. The time (1.41) was particularly smart, and showB in what splendid condition the ground THE splendid total of .£12,900 was distributed by tbe V.R.C. over the four days' racing, and of this £2487 goeB to the St. Albans stable. Had it not been for the unfortunate breakdown on the track8 of Elusive and the even more unlucky bursting of Aarum's foot the premier racing stable would have had its total considerably increased. Next in order of size comeB Mr. Sam Fielder> 8 N ewmarket Handicap cheque of £1404, and tben Ayrshire credits Mr. Davidson with £ 1 2u whibt W. Duggan takes to Sydney £ 1053j 0£ which, with the excepfcion of £60' waB eatned by the lucky Ambe rite bis brother Pelissier, being respongible f or'the three score. Thus of the whole amount of £12.900, the home colony of Victoria swallows £9399; N.S W., £3131; p outh Australia, £350, and Tasmania £20. This is a vastly different turn from the events of last Spring, hen N S. W carried -ay the greater bulk of the coin, and caused tne byemey failure. writers ; Some w. of specially sarcastic over to our the verge of insult them when even they wrote descended that our trainers had altogether forgotten the art of preparing racehorses for races and it would be necessary for them to take a few trips to Randwick to recover the lost art. Surely, if ever there were a case of a recoil it is now, and we will allow the Sydney men all they know about training. I should not be surprised if we teach them a bit during the ensuing A.J.C. meeting. OF a certainty N.S.W. never before sent us such a number of horses to assist at a meeting, and we are heartily thankful to them for so doing, but there is no doubt that the wonderful success which attended our visitors from the other side of the Murray last spring was the principal factor in the whole sum of their generosity, for Sydney men got it into their heads that anything was good enough to win over here. ^yTaV'hal IrnlZ^nftoVhe'fcet that we still u have a £ few racehorses, and trainers who know how to get them ready. I CANNOT say that the past meeting unearthed any coming champions of the Aurum type, but there can be no doubt concerning the pace of Bobadil, There are, however, considerable doubts as to the generosity of temper possessed by the grandson of St. Simon. In England this strain is noted for its "dirty" temper, and apparently Bill of Portland '^transmits it to his progeny. Cordite, in my opinion, is a much more reliable animal, and one likely to train on; unfortunately for Zalinski's son, the old allowance for geldings is now done away with in the V.RC. Derby, otherwise I should look to him to occupy a fairfy prominent position during the'.operations in the betting market . of . the . coming winter. THE " town hall" company has gone to its bed for a well-earned rest, and, therefore, I did not notice any of the' high nobility " in the equine world at Aspendale Park on Tuesday last, when Mr. J. R. Crooke held a meeting on his pretty course. The day was a most disastrous one for the fielders, as every winner was either a first or second favourite, but even th's was no reason for one of the Victorian Clubmen, wfcow withrsgst a.vtu- -Howtfcp^ . , —-jwii and thieve the *it there is left" Z' an experience to which punters h»J' accustomed for manya long <Jay S B Park, which was earning an nnan^n ion F OR tbe overthrow of wellZff ^ m0, ({s waB 8pecially p r o m^ f terno0D but the stewards mostZ heir t o s o m e exceedingly* fa ob when aball Wfl t 6W8rds appointed ? " THIB afternoon the Moonee Valley„ fitness a pretty large concourse of Mr. Cox s ground is ever a popular parties. The rail or the cab will tab for a very meigmficant sum. and as ft,: is "" practically """" a rus in urbe, the splendid attendance. WE shall again have a bit of high cUs on Saturday next, on which date will hold their March Meeting at the time of writing it is somewhat u, know what may be likely starters, bat i the following will not be far off tips :"— FEDERAL STAKES CARDAMON SAFETY ... The Pirate King or Poddcfcs HURDLE RACE R1PLET THE SWIFT Borderer ... ST. KILDA CUP, AUSTRALIAN GOODMAN Pinfire STEEPLECHASE. OUYEN BRITOMARTE SOUTH'" YARRA BLUE VEST WICKET ... Filzroy ... HAKDICi THE annual general meeting of the Coli Football Club will be held in the ] Hall at 8 o'clock next Monday evening,! report and balance-sheet of tlie ptstl transactions will be received, whilst otto] nesB will include the adoption of the tens of the game. The report shows an in the number of members and on ttojj account a balance to credit of £23 12i. S 