NOTES IN THE ASSEMBLY.* Mr. Burgoyne gave notice of a.. motion' for December 2 that amounts due to perT sons employed in the Wells' Expedition i>e paid by the Government. Mr. Poynton tabled a contingent notice to refer the question of deepening the Port Adelaide Ever to a Select Committee. Mr. Jenkins believed wages were being paid to the men injured at the Adelaide Railway. Station. The Government reognlfeed die . responsibility of paying compensation' to the relatives'of the late. Mr. Crowley and to the] injured men. A full report on the accident had been called for -from - the Engineer-ih- (. hief.; Mtv .Hdld^r- recolleeted* that: tjbe Barrier Commission 'recommended the construction of a light line of railway to Port Germein when further/ deepening was necessary at Port Pirie, but ..still -would prefer to. spend £15,000 in giving Poet Pirie 15 ft. of water to spending £65,000 on a light railway to Port Germein. Mr. Goode tabled a vague motion for concessions to the Renmark Irrigation Trust. Mr. Wood and Mr.. Grainger asked questions about increases of - salary to Civil servants,, eliciting replies about the departmental practice. The Railways Commissioner could not recommend ythe extension of the Wallaroo Jetty. " - On the motion to go into Supply, Mr.Handyside explained his reference to .the stopping of a -train to suit the convenience of a labour candidate at K.eith, and exonerated the Railways Commissioner from any suspicion of partiality. In inaudible tones he lepeated his request for concessions residents on the South-Eastern line. Mr. Giles expressed the grievance of Orrorooites at the Government not taking up the local water conservation scheme, owing to faulty legislation. A reservoir was essential at Baroota in connection with the supply of water to Port Pirie. The Ministry offered no reply to the complaint, and Mr. Cnldwell took the chair in the absence of Mr. Catt owing to ill-health. Mr. Darling, who made a valuable contribution to the Budget debate," objected to the -Ministry attempting -to hurry its consideration. Air. Holder—The Commons gets through the Budget in six hours. Mr. Darling pointed out that the .Commons wa6 assisted by Committees of Public Finance. Those who bad brought the colony through trying circumstances were not solely represented by the Government. He quoted figures not only to justify deep" sympathy with the farming class, but .to show that the people were not cultivating land in the same proportion as formerly. Nature was against ns, for in the years of the world's scarcity the colony had no wheat to spare; in tile prospect of a good harvest prices •were not encouraging. The Savings .Bank balance-sheet was atT object lesson to the State Bank. Mr. Holder—Not in accuracy, though they err on the right side. Mr. Darling—The State Bank credited premiums on sale of bonds to make ends meet instead of placing them to a reserve account. The building trade around the city during the three years represented an expenditure of £1,200,000, and the heat and burden of the day had fallen upon the country people. The Ashcroft - railway agreement was faulty, because it provided for one-sided traffic, and the blame rested upon the Government. Mr. Holder—We axe gaining in population and industry at the smelting towns. Mr. Darling—But you cannot also claim consideration for a loss. It would be.inopportune to raise the Barrier rates until the currency of the agreement with the large Companies expired, because it would intlict great injury upon the small Comi-anies who enjoyed no contract for specific rates with the Railways Commissioner. The revenue of South Australia was swelled by a book-keeping credit of 117,000 on the Northern Territoiy account. Expenditure upon the Adelaide Hospital and the Produce Depot was increasing. In tbs light of the Audit Commissioners repert, the loan conversion ' was badly li'bnaged. Mr. Hutchison suggested that the absence of a good L>arvest affected our credit. Mr. Darling, in dissenting, remarked that our bountiful harvest wg£ only a breakfast to the world. Xo one had more confidence than himself in tbe colony. It was tbe Trades Hall people who croaked ar.il damaged the country-. Mr. Archibald —Yciir crowd is always '.-ryinji stinking fish. Mr. Darling—Certjainly pot. The hon. member next l.ad a controversy with the Treasurer on the point that as revenue had reccivert considerable gain in interest from loan conversion revenue -hould bear the expenses of flotation. Mr. Holder thought that principle should be applied only when tjhe capital stock was "ncreased. Mr. Darling fell back upon ,the authority of the Aud^t Commissioner, and Mr. Holder set himself up as an equal authority to the expert. Mr. Darling observed that if our stock were converted to the standard of British Consol-; we should save £367,863 a year in ii.ttrest, and reduce the capital by £S,0ol,'j00. That result was worth living for as a fruit of federation, and of true recognition of the colony as part and parcel of th« British Empire. Every day they delayed tlie conversion the greater the injustice they inflicted upon posterity. Mr. Grainger—Hear, hear. Mr. Holder—It is quite the reverse. Yoii don't know anything about it. Mr. Darling thought he ki'tw a lot about it. It was a fair condition of their entering Imperial federation that the British Government should guarantee their stocks.* Mr. Hourigan—The bondholder will rule the world. Mr. O'Malley— The pawnbroker rules the world now. Sir. Darling had submitted the figures, not he- cause the scheme was immediately prae-" tii-able, but they had a right to look ahead. Ctiring to railway accounts, in giving the return at 2.97 sight was lost of £1,770.000 capita lost. While we were losing £70,0tl0 on the interest account, "t was seriouslv proposed to construct a line to Queensland whirl: would not pay for the grease on the wheels. Railways should be managed with better economy. Mr. Holder claimed that there had been adjustment of the incidence oi taxation, because as a matter of trade Customs revenue under an unaltered tariff had shrunk. Mr. Hotlrigan smiled at the sophistry. Mr. Darling, after controverting, the prcporai'ton, dilated upon the craeltv of' the extra tax on the Beetaloo people. If he had acted in 'the same manner towards the grain market he would have been howled dowr by the very members who supported the Government. Ii sunaaiafc uo a. letroepect he saw- nothing to congratulate the Ministry oil in the financial management, but . much to compliment tlie people upon. The proposed deepening expenditure was inopportune. It was too early to anticipate a 7- bushel harvest); the Treasurer was not justified in working upon more than a 6-bushel average. Before giving awav a free breakfast the .Government should < remove some- of the existing additional. . and :. unjust . taxation. Tlie ' light dues were, by comparison exceedingly . high. Tlie hon. ^member came down from rational affairs to a local, want—tbe extension of deep drainage to the Lunatic Af- vlum, upon which subject there is .a notice of motion on the Paper, but the • Acting Chairman permitted him to continue uninterrupted. Mr." Darling returned to tihe Budget at the point connected with the " Northern Territory. Mr. Holder—That budget will come later. Mr- Grainger—At. half-past'5 in the morning, and he disposed . of in hiilf an hour. Mr. Darling had no sug- . geitior. to offer to settle the Territory picblem, because it would not be adequately. aj-].-ieciated. Sir. Darling, who had spoken cle^rl; and forcibly tor an hour and a quarter, concluded a thoughtful address bv au expression of confidence in the peoDle • continuing frugal, industrious,. and contented. ,- Half-a-dozen speakers filled up the time to the uinner-hour. Mr. Hourigan expressed Ins disappointment that no tax?3 had . been taken off the necessaries of life, and Mr. Hutchison questioned the'fairness of . departmental economies, and' pointed out that the stock tax stood self- condemned. Mr. Dumas proved an excellent Ministerial echo. Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Giles breathed' again on the dead bones of the wealth tax, but not even the ghost of chance of life appeared. Mr. Blacker bantered Mr. Foster about the Northern lands, and when Mr. Foster appeared to be getting Cross he gave-a Sunday-school recitation touching •" the beauty of lovingkindness. 'A naiye confession came from Mr. Moody that the- Treasurer had mentioned one or two- matters in his Budget Speech. • : * "We propose> to allow, the Income Tax Amendment Act of last year to, expire— the exemption will therefore lie £200 this year."—Mr. Holder to Mr. Homburg, who ... was perfectly satisfied. tn a chatty little reply air. Holder ekbbrated his principal interactions to hiff critics, and thanked hon.- members for the kindly way the Budget' hid been received. /. Sir John Downer adopted the somewhat unusual course of reopening the discussion, taking the Treasurer to task for a perfunctory explanation, and demanding that 1 Ministers ehould each defend his depart- , ment.. As a Freetrader Mr. Holder had ; justified .his "corner in wood" by arguments which he himself believed were fallacious. "It is downright dishonesty to adveriasti. for tenders iii another colony when - von;;-: mean to accept. & local contract."—Sir John Downer on the sleeper contrast. ' Tbe Knight of Baroesa chastised the Treasurer for an unsatisfactory "treatmentof the "corner in water" at Betaloo. ' -r < Mr. Kingston devoted a . slashing impromptu to his opponent, informing fair John that he had'never been" suspected of assisting the • Government in the tranfsac- - tion of public business.. He hoped Sir John would profit by the lesson. Sir Jphn—?fot from you. Mr. Kingston—He hasn't the grace to repent or the energy , to atone. Sir John—Thaiik God, I .have' not. Jlr. Kingston—He thanks thfe Almighty he is not like one of old. Had not Sir John frequently called for outside tenders, to > check prices, ilr. Solomon—The price o£ ••- sleepcre was as well known as. penny buns. Mr. Wood interjected, 'and Mr.- Kingston* - made h sneering reference to the alhanc-e:. b&ween-; the malice of iiir John: and the ignorance of' Mr. Wood. The Premier asked the member for Barossai whether one : rule was to apply to timber aiid;' another to . locomotives. Sir. Dariine—In 'both cases it is very objectionable. Mr. Kingston—He would let Mi% Darling argue that tout with Sir John Doivner. Sir John Downer—There ja not the slightest analogy between the . timber aiid the locomotives. Mr. Kingston thought; the difference was in.favour ofcthe indigenous.article. He admitted' that they : might j»ay loo dearly for the local'whistle^ in.ivhich case the outside tenders became usaul. Mr. DatBbg—Isn't 20 i^ei cent - too dear? Mr. Kingston considered it wag dishonest T to make more than pne epefeeh ;" on tbe Budget. Mr. Solombn contiriiied the discussion, representing that the. Premier had run a r»retty hare r aero&s; tlie track bv introducing., locomotives, and urging: that the ^colony would . suffer fey the trick played upon the. outside . tenderer. Fearless Mr. Wood accused' Mr. Kingston of 'abasing anybody who did not happen" to agree with him. In ' reply to interjection, :he hastily asserted that Mr. Batchelor would 4o whatever Sir. Kingston told him,:whieb brought forth an; indignant chorus from the followers of Mr. Batchelor. Party volcanic fines having been , exhausted, at twenty , minutes to 9 the hrst lire of tlie E^tinrntes was passed. tande and Eariy Closing Bills'were introduced, and mid a first tiirbe with the Police Bill received from the Council. Mr. Caldwell resumed me chair in Committee, over two Hours being devoted to - the Fertilizers Bill. Notwithstanding the strenuous opposition no material alteration was made in the measure, which, thanks to -the alternate wheedling and blufhng of the Premier, emerged from Committee, i 