THE 22SSOT LOCAL ©OVERXtfllSOTS1 Histoey has once more repeated ifcael£. When G-Feafc Britain was fighting hes1 rebel- lious American eoloniats (then assarting then? independence), and afc the acme time conducting a war with Francs, she was thres« tened wifch eoaflicto in other quarters, and the Irish people nnder G-rattan took a m\v advantage o? tho opportunity to assert the righto of. their country. To avoid having a dooaeotie conflict on the top of their foreign troubles, the Britioh Govern ment connected to the establishment of the Tolunteero of 1782, and made other tangible concessions to Ireland. To-day we oee exactly the same policy being pursued' Among the Great Powers of. Europe there ia a manifest design to lower the prestige of Great Britain, if not to oeize upon her trade and her territories. Besides thia ever pressing danger, she has juot eocaped an awkward complication with the United States over the 'Venezuelan affair. The Boers (aided by Germany) were upon the verge of tvying another appeal to arms against British suzerainty, and even now the South African problem ia still unsolved Then followed the attempt to involve Great Britain in the Turko- Grecian emhroglio, and the echoes of. that cooilict had scarcely died away when tho British were compelled to □end a large army to the Afghan frontier to suppress a rising of warlike tribes fomented by Russian intriguers. Subsequent to this- came the aerious crinis in China, endangering Tlvlt&m;' a pres/ir/e nnd posoeaoiono in tho East. Now, the evar« restless Gauln lira interfering with the Britinh sphere of influence on tho Niger and around flokoto in Central Africa, Great Britain is thus threatened with danger on every aide ; and evidently anticipating that all these troubles cannot be staved off by diplomacy, the British Government have wisely determined to place their house in order to a certain extent by conceding a fairly liberal meaaure of local government to Ireland. Therein these Conoervative champions and representatives ot; Irish landlordism and Protestant bigotry have shown the wisdom of. the oorpent, and it ia Gomevdjist signifi cant that this solid concasaioa ban been wrung from a leader who once declared that ho would inflict twenty years of coercion upon Ireland, iu order to eradicate the National sentiment there. One- third o£ fchoDG two decades has not yet passed away, when 1c ! Lord SoHobm'y findu himoelf compelled to abandon hip booofc, and sonogfi to the wiser policy of conciliation. He, like other foes of Ireland, has been taught by experience that the Irish, are a fibrous and indeotruetible race, againofc whom the waves oti persecution roll in vain. Coercion law afte}.1 coercion law hso been tried, but still the Irish are as undaunted as ever. The ghost o£ Banquo rose everywhere to eon» front the guilty Macbeth, and the Irish queation in like manner reappeared at the moat inauspicious moinenta £or British Governments. In grim despair, and alarmed at the ominoua portents abroad, fche Salisbury Government; — in which ' Judas ' Chamberlain ia a potent factor — offers the olive branch to Ireland in the hope that the gift will be accepted, and dangerous opponents thus be converted into brave and sturdy allies. Anxious that the chief recruiting-ground £'or the British army should remain open, and that the 40,000 soldiers there on guard should be set free for service elsewhere, the Salisbury Govern^ ment resorto to a courae which achieves both these ends. Their policy o(i conciliation means not only that these 40,000 soldiers will be relieved of. an onerous duty, bafc that 200,000 Irishmen may be relied upon for service aa soldiers or sailors in any war with the sordid and aggressive foes or the Anglo Celtic race. There is real statesmanship in this, even \l the concession be wrung by fear instead of being granted by love. The Irish are under no more obligation to Great Britain for their Local Government Bill than they were for Catholic Emancipation, which the Duke of. 'Wellington candidly admitted was only granted to prevent a civil war ; but they will nevertheless accept the off.CE1 as the harbinger of better things to eome. If. a man owes £100, and offers £110 on account, it is wise to accept that amount, and fight for the remainder. As we have already pointed out, local government is better than, no government at all, and it supplies a better foothold from which to ?fight for legislative independence. Another cheering aopect of the new policy ia the approaching debacle of the influence of Dublin Castle. In the worst days of; the Bastile, or in the prisons of King Eomba, there never existed the amount of villainy, corruption, cold-blooded rascality, and brutal tyranny which were to be found in that stronghold of British power and Iriah landlordism. Now the de.ys of that Castle are numbered, The patroncg'0 which wan once bo unscrupulously used by its officials will paso into the hands oc the Irish people, who will elect their representatives to the county councils. When that patronage has come to an end, the teeth of tho monster will be drawn ; and tho Castle will exist but as the spectre oil ito former self, till some day, like the Baetile, ifc is removed, aa a relic of barbarism, when the triumphal re-opening of the Iriah Parliament has been cele brated on College Green. The abolition of this patronage ia in itself an enormous gain, and more than justifies the acceptance of tho Local Government Rill of the Salisbury Administration. What matters the source whence that mpasure eomee, provided it be a good one. From ihe diseased oyster emanates the beauteous pearl,.. and a beneficial policy may even eome from the livelong enemies of the Irish race. The men who grant the concession are but the victims of circumstances over which they have no control, and in view of the dangers which threaten the British Empire they have widely conceded local govern ment to a long-oppressed people. Great Britain gains more than Ireland by the change, for she will now have an ally by Lev aide instead of ft malcootent upon her flunk and 200,000 Irish men to fight her battles abroad instead o* a garrison of 40,000 in the sister iale. By this measure the Britioh Empire is secured from {spoliation, and at the same time a stain is wiped out that has for centuries blurred the escutcheon of. Sfc. George. It is marvellous thr/o tho oolfiohnoorj ox 1;ha Britinh oligarchy mkI feho bigotry and stapidity of Ulster and sectarian England should so long have delayed tbio happy and satisfactory con summation. Now, what would happen were the Prospect dam to burst? The' destruction of the Cataract dam is a les&on.; The mighty battering-rams of the flooded rivar swept away a solid masonry and concrete dam that skilful engineers in their pride raised against any force born of rain. But when Jupiter charges what can resist successfully ? The Cataract river came down all yellow, and raised its battle cry. It charged with mighty rams rude-carved from forest trees, and flung its three-ton boulders as from a catapult against man's work, and swept it scornfully away. Fortunately, it is only an out. work of the great waterworks which has been cap tured. The huge Prospect dam stands firm, but were it to be carried away, what then ? The Johnstown disaster ia a fairly recent example of what the force of water can do, not only in flood, but by subtle, secret, underground sapping and mining beyond the kenj of the watchman of science. We have no desire to play the part of alarmists, but a city like Sydney should not be dependent upon a single barrelled water supply. The destruction of the great Procpect reservoir would lead to a disastrous water famine, with results too tragic to contemplate lightly. We have no alternative water scheme, as the pumping machinery at Botany, which should have been held as a stand-by permanently, was sold some time ago as old iron — an ironical witness to the wisdom with which we are governed. The Water and Sewerage Board and the Government depend on the indestructibility of the Prospect Reservoir. It is a great work built to last, and through what ages such works can endure is testi fied by the great Roman aqueducts and the Cloaca Maxima. Nevertheless, the Prospect dam was not built by the Romans. 0 0 0 The last Admiral did some uervice in calling at° tention to the necessity for deepening the eastern channel of Sydney Harbour so as to give it a minimum depth of 34 feet at low water. This is to allow the big warships of her Majesty's Navy to come in and out freely— a privilege of which other nations may avail themselves at some future time. Still we cannot keep our harbour shallow just because big warohipa might some day steam up to levy tribute upon this fair city. At the last serious war scare a novel proposal was made. By the way, it is curious what a lot of military genius is lying perdu among our people It was one such slumbering Caesar who woke up suddenly and earnestly exhorted the existing Government to permanently close the Heads and blast a channel through the. Gap. This mysterious genius hasbeen silent since, but, Heaven be praised, there is no lack of resourceful men like him wear ing the black coat of blameless citizenship, ready with similar plans for the confusion of the captains of Europe when the necessity arises. Therefore, let us deepen our harbour channels so that the ships of the world may come here, even though they be leviathan Barbarossas, crammed to the hatches with foreign shoddy — a more dangerous and de structive fleet, in our view, than the Russian squadron, which, when it comes, will probably speak to us across Bondi, and not attempt the Harbour at all. 0 0 0 The new Blue Book issued by the Public Service Board informs us that the total saving per annum in the Service amounts to £301,890. Some of this saving has been made through villainous Scotch, economy, of questionable honesty. For instance* in order to save money, the Board treated some per manent nfiicers as temporary, and so gave them by way of gratuity less than half what they were justly entitled to— a very mean and paltry device. Mr. Reid declares that the amount saved by the Public Service Board represents the interest upon £8,600,000. Presumably , he imagines that this gives him a right to borrow that amount. He has already added about £6,000,000 to the public debt, and when his last loan is spent will .go on the market for another, that is if fate and the electors allow Mr. Reid to wriggle back again into power. His lavish and frequent applications to the London market have already eliminated quite three-fourths of the saving accomplished by the Public Service Board. Instead of the money going to aid the men of New South Wales, it will go abroad to nourish the foreign money-lender, who is the sinister but un avoidable ally of the Freetrade Minister. In vie-w of this fact, the Reidite press might inform us in what way the country is advantaged by the Reid policy. 0 0 0 The Australasian declares that, although for mere grace of diction Mr. Wise stands first in the Convention, Mr. Symons, Q.C., of South Australia* surpasses all the delegates in all-round excellence. Of Mr. Reid nothing is said. Those who visited the Convention while it was sitting in Sydney must have been struck by the fact that it did not possess a single orator. These were fine speakers, but no orators. That is not a peculiarity of Australian deliberative aunemblios. Among Englishmen oratory is a dead art. What Hac-aulay wrote of poetry io nUoMt applicable to oratory— in England, The English were never an imaginative people, and; ' the growing .? self- consciousness of ? thef. EngUsl^ man forbids him to adventure into those flights of speech without which there cannot be oratory. There are great English-speaking orators in the United States ; and in Ireland, prolific mother of . great speakers, the art still flourishes as well as on the Continent, in France, Spain, Italy, and the Slav countries. It is an interesting question this of the decay of English oratory, but over-long for dis cussion here. Shortly, however, it may be laid down that a nation which makes a god of trade murders its ideals, and a nation without ideals can ? have no art. The ideal English orator to-day is Chamberlain. Chamberlain ! O ghost of Fox, be still. At least youjhave our sympathy. 