CABBIAGiE No, 848, OB. A TUNNEL TRAGEDY. (BY "VESTA.") I MheT begin what I am going to re late by assuring my kind friends that *I am neither hysterical, neurotic, superstitious, nor even imaginative; I can lay claim to no sixth sense, and have always owned to a large contempt for-rather than belief in all that re, lates to 'the occult sciences. As re gards my agoe-well, I frankly admit I have passed the line where all pre tensions to girlhood end; my best ,friends cannot cell me young, neither can my dearest enemies-if they pos sess any regard for truth, dub me old. I stand on that border laud where youth clasps hands with middle age, and I am not ashamed of it; it is the & dian summer of life-a stage be en thse buoyancy of young years, and the creeping lethargy of later ;ones, a calm, peaceful time that for many people has a long and pleasant reign, I had boon staying in a coitfortable moderate sized country house in D-- shire, and was on my way to epend a fortnight in another of much the same pattern, about a hundred, miles further east, when what I am about to recount occurred. ThI time of year was November, one-of those mild, sunny Novembers that seem to cling to the skirts of summer, loath to lot her go. My hostess came to see me off at the ploepy country station that, standing as it did at the edge of the park, seemed almost a piece of the family property. She selected an empty first class compartment for me, and saw my bag and rugs put in by the atten-. tive station master, and then began the few conventional last words that invariably epoe'd the parting guest. 3Jst as the train gave a muffled grunt preparatary to settling its heavy body in motion, she ex claimed : ' Oh! you have no lamp, and S - tunnel is such a long one. I will tell them to put one in. Porter !' The porter hurried to her call, but at the same moment the train gave a violent wheeze and puffed itself out of the station. ' Never mind,' I cried, thrusting my head through the window, 'I am not afraid of the dark, I will write as soon as I reach Plimmarsh. Many thanks.' ...- My gratitude coming last, was, I am afraid, lost in thin air, for the train having found its legs, bustled off with unusual haste. I sat for a few minutes looking out at the passing land.catpe, it was a pretty pastoral. country. Wo were hurrying through still waters, placidly flowing streams, and tiny brooklets patterned the green 'meadows, and in the lush grass thoughtful cows lay chewing the cud of milky reflections. Presently I. took a book fiom my bag and divided my attentions between it and a splendid bunch of grapes my kind friend had provided. The book was interesting, I was nearing the last chapter and had reached the most thrilling part, and I finished it without once raising my eyes, I thinlr, except to notice in a vague half unconscious way that the number of the carriage was 3115; the conecutive numbers stirred some half forgotten recollection in my mind, butinot sufficiently to make it assume a distinct hutline, the impression was :there,'but blurred. " 'I 6losed my book with a little pleased '"sighthlit all had ended so happily for the much tried.. hero and heroine (I am old fashioned oenoug~h to like a book. to end comfortably), and then I turned to extract a magazine from my bundle of rugs; they had boon put in the rack over my head, and in reach ing up' to get them I glanced across .the shoulder of. the seat, and to my aetonishment I saw a man sitting in the other corner along 'side of me. At first I thought my eyes were playing me false, but no there, wearing an ordinary overcoat aind cap pulled low over his eyes, an undoubted fellow creature of the 'masoulina gender sat. We had slopped. at two stations and I could only suppose I bad been so absorbed in my book that I had not heard him got in. To all appearance he was a .quiet unoffending person, and seeied fast asleep. We were just at the mouth of the tunnel, and presentty ruphed into darkness. I admit, as the blacknesd ' enfolddd us I regretted the lamp was nob in its accustomed place perform ing its appointed duty, the more so when I heard my fellow traveller stir slightly, but I called my nerves to order, and shut my eyes to prevent them straining in the darkness. The train steamed along at what seemed double pace, se though striving with might and main to reach the light again as soon as possible. Was it fancy or did I hear a sound ? I listened :,intently; yea it was a sound dis tinot from the whirr of wheels, a 'separate, blood-chilling noise that set "al tuy senses on the alert. Sight was denied me, but I think its'very denial aoouetuated my hearing pwers. The door at the opposite endt of the car .riage was being opened softly. The' -handle gave a' sharp click, and the badly-oikld hinges grated in a pro-i longed groan as they do when a door 'i'" opened boisterously. Could imy travelling companion be a somnambu list? Could he in his sleep dream he was opening the door into another room and step out into what, with the train tearing along at the speed it was, the certain black darkness of the valley of death. A jar-then a sudden dank clammy blast of air filled the carriage-I jumped from my seat with a cry, and put out my hands to grasp my fellow traveller's coat; though I had always heard that eleep walkers should not be awakened suddenly, still I must run any risk to save him from a hideous certain death. With eager groping hands, I clutched at nothing but empty air, and still the train rushed on. It was a horrible momont-I crept with cautious feet to the corner where the man had been sitting. Afrard in the inky darkness to go an inch too far and step into the black abyss, which yawned beneath me; for from the strong current of chill air that whistled round me, I know the door was wide open.--Steadying myself against the cushioned arm, I searched with outstretched hands, touching the opposite corner and middle seat nothing! My God, he must have stepped out of the carriage into that awful night, and be lying now on the rails a lifeless, muddled heap. I turned sick at the thought, and a shuddering dread seized me that I might faint and fall out through that open door. I clung to the cushions and crouched into a seat. Was the tunnel endless-an interminable throat of blackness-would the blessed day light ever appear again ? At last a quivering film that seemed to make the darkness vibrate, as the soft touch of the bow sends a pulsat ing rather than audible note from the strings of a violin, then greyness, ex panding, paling, glowing into the wan November sunshine. The corner seat beside me was empty and the door hung wide open. Even under the encouraging influence of clear sunshine it took me some little time to steady my nerves suffi ciently to reach out my hand to catch the window strap and pull the door to, when it shut with a smart bang I felt relieved, and I set to work to think the matter over calmly, bringing all the common sense on which I pride myself to my help. I must have dozed I told myself, and my fellow passenger had been a mere phantom of dreams, the door had been insecurely fastened and the increasing speed of the train or some jar caused it to swing open. That was the simple solution of the whole affair. A vivid dream-a badly fas tened door. I had quite settled this view of matters with my own mind, and was preparing to read as a nerve tonic a somewhat stif article in the "Nine teenth Century," when my eyes were attracted by a small piece of some thing white sticking between the back. and corner padding of the seat in which the man of my imagination had eat. At first I thought it was a thread and too lazy to get up and investigate so trifling a matter, I turned to my magazine, but I could not fix my attention on the words, and again my eyes involuntarily rivetted themselves on the white line. I felt a creepy disinclination to move into that corner seat, but curiosity conquered it, and I reached up my hand to the white shred. On closer investigation it appeared to be a slip of paper tightly tucked in between the paddings, with only the edge showing. WVith great care for fear of tearing it, I extracted an ordinary calling card. On one side was printed : Mr. Osaulate, Gedders Grange, Nasby; on the other the following words were written in pencil : 'Of my own free will I am about' to end my life. I write this lest the blame should fall on another person, SOLuL OsAuLArTE.' As I read the words over and over again-this strange message from the dead, this pathetic vindication of another-a hazy recollection of a sup posed murder case that had made some stir about a year ago wove itself into my mind. I picked up the threads gradually; yes, the tragedy had happened last November-a year ego. Two gentlemen, cousins, named Osaulato, left Lord D-'s, where' they had been shooting, with the in tention of travelling together to Lon don. 'They had been 'seen by several witnesses to get, into the same car riage. One, the elder, had been found lying on the lines in 8- tunnel dead; the other, Nathaniel Osaulate, was teied for murder; there was known to be bad blood between the cousins, and Nathaniel was Olaf's heir; but though "publio opinion ran strong against him the jury did not .onsider the 'proofs sufficient or convincing enough to condemn him. The chief point in his favour was that ,though he started in the same compartment as his cousin, a porter swore to having seen him leave it for a smoking carniage two stations further on. Then suddenly the num ber of the carriage '(made so familiar by the trial), in which Olaf Osaulate'e' t'ravelling bag had bebn found, flashed across me, it was 345, the same in 'whibh I das sitting ."' I put the caerd .in the inner pocket of my purse, I felt no doubt as to its' genuineness and determined it should be sent to Nathaniel Osaulate as soon , possible, to whom' it 'would be of inestimable value as a vindication from the dead The husieband of the old sohoolfellow I was.on my way to stay with practised as a barrister, and I . . . decided I could not do better than put matters into his hands and leave him to communicate with Mr. Oeaulate. My handsome hostess was waiting for me in the porch, full of apologies for having booeen prevented meeting me at the station; but under her kindly words I noticed a shade of embareasment. She drew me into the drawing-room, and set me in an easy chair before the fire. ' We have no house party,' she be. gan, somewhat abruptly. 'I hopg you will not find it dull.' 'Dull! no indeed. I am only too pleased; I shall see all the more of you, Alethea.' 'It is sweet of you to say so,' she answered, with her charming smile. 'The fact is, I meant to ask some other people, but Nathaniel Osaulate wrote asking us to take him in for a fortnight or so before he finally leaves England; he is an old college chum of Tom's, besides being a connection of my own. Since that awful afair a year ago, when he was tried for the murder of his cousin-I daresay you remember the tragedy-he has been quito a broken down man and shy of seeing anyone. I have not even liked to tell him you were coming.' I jumped up from my seat. ' Nathaniel Osaulate !' I exclaimed. 'Here !' Then I stood with open mouth re viewingthe situation- Alethea Bryne's amazed stare brought me back to a rational explanation-I told her of my railway carriage ghost, or dream, or phantom of fancy, and showed her the card I found between the paddings. She examined it closely, then gave me a kiss on both cheeks. 'Oh, I am glad!' she exclaimed, yes, it is certainly Olaf's writing. We knew him well, and I have fre quently received letters from him. 'rhis declaration will make a new man of poor Nat for, although the verdict was brought in-' Not Guilty,' almost all his friends and acquaint ances took the other view and have cut him; he has been treated as a pariah and out-cast, and was leaving England a broken-hearted man. You shall give him this card yourself.' 'No, no' I protested. 'Yes, yes,' she answered gaily, and left the room. I felt minded to Ase, and was mak ing my way to the door when it opened, and a man with bent head and a general look of dejection came in. He started at sight at me and said rather stiffly. 'Ibeg your pardon, but Mrs. Byrno asked me to fetch a book for her, one with a red cover, this is it I think.' 'S8top! ' I exclaimed hoarsely. ' I have something for you, please take this, and, I thrust the card into his hand,' ' Alethea will explain,' I added hastily as I slipped from the room. J~ .~ A Nathaniel Osaulate did not leave England until he left it as my husband, for a three months' wedding trip. We were married from the Byrnes' house, and when we were starting from Plimmarsh station, by a strange fatal ity the porter showed us into the com partment numbered 345. With one accord we glanced at each other, and Nathaniel told the footman to put our bags into a carriage nearer the engine. '345 "is my lucky numiiber' I said, laying my hand on my husband's 'And mine, and mine also, dearest,' he answered. ' My greatest happiness has blossomed out of my greatest trouble. We shall never forget No. 345.' 