ROMANCE OF AN ACTRESS. At the last Salon in Paris a plaster bust of Mile Clairon, by tbe soulptor, Henri Ganqnie, in collaboration with the architect, Guillaume, attracted considerable attention. Now the Frenbh journals announce that the friends of the drama in France propose to have a marble copy of the bust erected in the public square of the town of Gonde sur- Esoaut, the birthplace of La Clairon. Olairon was the Bernhardt of her time. She was «o puny aB a baby that immediately after her birth she was, like Voltftire, hur ried to the ehuroh to be baptised. But when the ohnroh was reached it was found to be closed. The parsonage, too, was empty. The priest and his vioar were at a 'masque rade ball, for it was the day of the town carnival, and the prieBt was helping his parishioners to celebrate it. The baby was carried at once to the ballroom, where the priest was disquised as a harlequin and the vicar as a ulown. They judged ihe baby's condition to be sufficiently critical to demand immediate attention. So they stopped the mnsio then and tbere, and taking the neces sary materials from a sideboard, performed the rite. But they need not have been in suoh haste, for the life-thread of the baby was not to be out until 79 years later. They called the baby Claire ; ber full name is given as Olaire-Hippolyto Josephe Legris de Latnde. Clairon had a harsh mother who used to punish her by looking her np in an isolated room. Opposite to this room lived Mile Dangeville, who beoame one of the greatest of soubrettes. Clairon used to see her taking singing lessons and lessons in dancing; sbe used to see her receiving the praise and encouragement of her family ; she was pained at the difference between her own life and that of her neighbour, and what she saw and felt tired her with an ambition to become an aotress. The first visit that Clairon made to a theatre had suoh an effeot on her that during the whole time of tbe play and the rest of the evening she oonld not be made to speak. She says, in her 'Memoirs,' that after returning from the theatre, the only thing bIjc heard that night was the command, 4 Go to bd, you big goose 1' She ran off to bed only to remain awake, going over in her mind all tbat she had seen and heard at the theatre. The next morning she astonished her friends and relatives by repeating more than a hundred verees of the tragedy and about two- thirds ot the little play. But this did not please her mother. She said she would rather her daughter knew how to make a dress or a nightgown. Still the child persisted in 1 following tho course that she had mapped out for herself, and blows and slaps were power less to turn her. Threats to starve her, and to break her bones if she did not work, only angered her to the point of exolaiming — ' Kill me, then, at onoe, for otherwise I snail go upon the stage !' At length Bhe became the pupil and after wards the rived of the celebrated Marie FrancoiBe Dumesnil, and her interpretation of Oorneille, Racine, and Voltaire led Baohaumont to say— 'Hardly is she an nounced before the house is filled ; the moment she appears she is applauded with the ntmost enthusiasm : Bhe is the most finished work of art; she is Melpomene embellished by Fbidias.' While at the height of her tame Clairon was visited by countesses and princesses. She was the intimate of suoh men as Marshal de Riohelieu. J. F.Marmontel, the Marquis de Ximenes, and the Margrave of Auspaon. Louis XV. himself oame to see her, and of him she said to Mma de Pompadour : — 4 He .owes his royalty to ohanoe, I owe mine to genius.' For her untidiness she was imprisoned in Fort l'Eveque. She transformed her prison into, a banquet room, giving sumptuous suppers. The oarriages of her visitors were lined np outside the'prison door, as though in froot of the door of an hotel. Her per sonal appearance at the age of 22 or 23 was thus described by a contemporary : 4 She is extremely pale ; her head is handsome, and her eyes are large and fall of fire. Her mouth is ornamented with beautiful teeth, ' and her throat is well placed. She arises without affeotation, her form is graceful, and she haa a very modest address. Without being an accomplished beauty she is a per son that anyone would call oharming.' But Clairon was not alone great as an aotress ; her writings relative to the roles of her repertoire have been pronounced excel lent pieoes of literary criticism. Among other things she wrote a manual for players, entitled ' Reflexions sur la Declamation Theatrioale.' Sheis credited with having been the first to conceive 'he idea of a conservatory where actors should receive all the inBtxao- tion heoessary in their art, and she is said to have oeen among .the first to see the powerful effect produced by the realism of the English stage. Frenoh drama has been adjudged to be greatly indebted to ber for what she did introduce into it an element of resemblanoe to truth. She effeoted a revolution in costume, ridiculing the ideas of playing Roxana, one oi her triomphB, in robes a la Franoais. Yet, in Bpite of her genius and intelligence, Clairon was superstitious. This has been attributed to the effect of the ghost stories and tales of witohoraft with, whioh her ohildhood was filled. In the story of her life she relates as a fact that a suitor whom she had rejeoted sent for her on hiB deathbed ; that she refused to go ; that at 11 o'olook in the evening, when she gave the refusal, the company assembled at dinner in her honse heatd a strange and pieroing cry of anguish ; tbat she fainted ; and that every evening at the same hour the same cry was heard ! A few weeks later the ory ceased ; but in Ub place cams a pistol shot through her window. Everybody saw the flash, bat the window , "l remained whole. < Detectives were set to watoh in the belief that Borne servant was playing a triok, but at tbe same hour night after night the same thing occurred, and nobody oould be seen. One night when Clairon was taking fresh air on a piazza the shot oooured at the usual honr, and she . felt a strong slap upon her oheek. Another time when she was riding past the honse where the rejeoted Buitor died three shots were fired through the windows of the ooach . The coachman thought it ' was an attaok of robbers and whipped np the horses. The shots, after several nights, gave place to hand-olasps, whioh were followed in their turn by an enchanting voioe singing a beautiful and touohing air. pne day an old lady dressed in blaok called to see Mile Olairon. She was a relative of the rejeoted one, and she told tbe great actress that, having been with bint in his last momentB, she heard him exclaim when informed of Olairon'a refusal to visit him— 4 1 shall fol low her when I am dead, as I have followed her in my lifetime !' At last the great Olairon fell into disfavor, and sank back into her original poverty. DreBsed in wornont clothes, she lived during her last days in a single room, whion she was forced to sweep herself. She was buried in the Cemetery of Pore la Chaise. For a long time ber tomb was neglected, but lately the Comedie Franoaise has had it repaired. Snoh is the story of La Olairon, who is oalled the foremost tragic aotress of the eighteenth century. A Frenoh journalist said of her — ' She started from nothing, and to nothing she returned, after having awnng round the circle that passes over the peaks of glory.' 