WILD EE LI ST.' her escapades, adventures and bitter sorrows. BY WILLIAM BLACK. CHAPTER I.— ALIENS. J- ho calm of a Sabbath morning lay nil along tlie wide valley; not a sound disturbed the perfect silence, save now nnd again the call of a curlew or the soft winnowing ot a nesewepe's wings; the pools in the Gnrva Eivcr-pdeep and dark and tea lirowu .under the wooded banks, but of ,a bold clear tur quoise blue out in tho open — were still ns glass; while the shallows down by the ford, whore the water riiecd and ciuiscd and glanced and glittered over the beds ot Pebbles, were so far away that the continu ous smooth murmur of tliem wns hardly audible in the basking and sunlit air. The heather wns just getting to its richest bloom, so tlint tlie knolls' nnd slopes 'and lower heights showed every hue and grada tion of warm rose lilac, touched here and there with the yellowish green of the bracken; but' nbov.e and beyond these the mountainous hills stretching to the west — the great undulating masses that looked out and over to Knoidnrt nnd Glenolg nnd Skye were of a pale and ethereal azure, rcccd- II''. billow after billow, and billow after billow, under the cloudless dome. In the midst of this strath stands Kinvaig House, once the plain, and bare, and unpre tentious ancestral home of the Mnedonalds of Kinvaig, but now transformed into a modern shooting lodge, with bay windowed additions, kennels and keepers' cottages, all complete. And on this particular morning the profound sleep and silence that pre vailed within tlie main building appeared to have extended to the outlying dependencies ns well; there xvns no sign of life anywhere; if the people were awake — and surely they wore awake at this hour— they did not choose to stir abroad; the little hamlet was as the homo of the dead. Indeed, it is n pe culiarity of the Scottish peasant that, ex cept in going to or returning from church— when there happens to be a church within reach — he is shy of .showing himself on Sun days; he prefers the inside of his dwelling, and a godly book. But of a sudden the nil pervading still ness wns broken in upon; the front door of the lodge was thrown, open with n clang; and there stepped forth a young man, bare headed, and in evening dress. He xvns about six and twenty; undersized and stout; of ir regular and podgy features and pasty com plexion; clean shaven; his blue grey -eyes looking bleared and bemused in unex pectedly facing the light; his close cropped fair hair unkempt; his white neck tie awry. In short, this person— wlio bore no less a name and title than George Reginald Talbot Fitz-Ingram Tnylyour, 5th Marquess of Mountmahon — had u general aspect of being partly butler and partly prize lighter, with a dash of potboy thrown in; while it was pretty evident that ho had been asleep in these evening garments; and this in truth was tlie literal fact, for lie hnd just stumbled along from the gun room, where he had passed tho last half dozen hours. And at once the uproar began. "Here 1 Hi ! Mncalister 1 — Sandy 1 — ColiiiJ — where the deuce have you got to?" lie beVowed. "I want the dogs let out! Hi! Angus! — where the blazes are you?" He stepped back into the hull, and re turned with a whip, the horn handle of which contained a whistle; and on this in strument lie blew and blew with a ferocity that sent the echoes flying along the hollow glen. In tlie midst of the clamor the under sash of a window was raised, and a head looked out. It was tho head of a young woman of rather attractive appearance, only that the beraddlod face gave evidence that her pillow had not wholly robbed her complexion of its over-night powder and rouge. "Oil, kennel up, you Billy fool!" she called down to him, in accents of equal anger and scorn. ' '"You silly idiot; why don't you let other people sleep, if you can't sleop your self? Go and smother your head in a hay stack!" He did not pay any attention to her taunts; but at this very moment her lady ship's pot spaniel, excited by tlie noise and confusion, came rushing and barking along the linll. Whether it did really mean to tear the podgy young man's clothing it is impossible' to say; but at all events he seemed' to think so, for directly lie reached tho doorstep he struck at it viciously with liis whip, and the next second it was howl ing and yelping through tlie hall again. "You dreadful brute," said the young wo man with the patchwork face, and her eyes were glittering with rage: She vanished for an instant and immedi ately reappeared; nnd now she held in both hands a large ewer, which she heaved bodily out. It missed tlie young man by just an inch or two, falling on tlie flagstone with a terrific crash, and splintering into a thou sand fragments. He noticed the smash, of course; but otherwise be did not seem to comprehend what had occurred. This poor, stupid, besotted oaf standing there did not know that he had been within an ace of discovering the Groat' Secret — the secret that has absorbed the longings and aspira tions of the wisest of the earth since ever tlie human race began to think and -won der. But the bawling and yelling had not been without result. There emerged into the sunlight, from tlie door of one of the cot tages, a tall, thin, quiet-visaged elderly man, who looked to see what -was the mat ter, and then, in obedience to a further per emptory summons, ho crossed tlie open space of greensward and eame along the carriage drive. As he drew nearer he re garded in a concerned and seared way the shattered fragments of the ewer, that .lay about on the flagstone and on the adjacent gravel; but his lordship did not vouchsafe any explanation. "Here, you, Angus," he said abruptly, "go and put niv rod together, and bripg it down to the Corran Pool. And the gaff and, my ily book." The old nnin seemed hardly willing to be lieve his cars. "I'm sure," said he, very gently and re spectfully, "your lordship will not be re membering—it's the Sabbath morning— — " "What's that to me, or to you cither? Go and get the rod — and at once!" "I am not wishing to displease your lord ship," said the grey haired man with the deaply lined brow and rather sad and sunken eyes, "I'm. not wishing that at all " , "Then you refuse?" said the potboy. "Your lordship," pleaded tho other, "I am not wishing to displease your lordship; but I have lived in Glcngarva for over CO years, and I wis never asked before to go fishing with a gentleman on the Sabbatli day. And I would not like my daughter to be hearing of it — or any that's related to me — or the minister " "Hold your row, then. You refuse?" There was no answer — and no show of stubbornness: only silence, and resigna tion. "Very well," continued the potboy, "vin dictively— or as vindictively as his thick speech allowed— "very well. Out. you pack. Dp you hear? I'll give you twenty minutes to start off from this neighborhood; and you can send for your things when you like. 'Do you understand, now? And don't you imagine Sir Charles Orine will, interfere. lie knows when he has a good tenant. I'm tho master here. Do you understand, now? Out you go— I give you twenty minutes.", The grave faced old fisherman probably saw that no protest would avail him. "Ab your lordship wills," he said, sub missively; and with that he turned and left. A few minutes thereafter - his lordship' might have been seen wending his solitary way across the wide strath— a strange, black, bizarre figure in the sunlit world of light yellows nnd greys nnd greens. Ap parently his dazed brain had abandoned or forgotten bis project of going fishing, for he carried no rod, but all the same his uncer tain steps were lending lnm to the river. And nt length, when he did reach the Cor, ran Pool— at this point the stream is shallow on tho hither side, with level banks of sand, but on the further side it runs deep nnd dark under a steep brae banging with birches — at Uus'point he stopped and looked vaguely and aimlessly about him, as if not knowing iiow lie had come there. Then he began to strip, throwing his clothes care lessly to the ground; then the mother naked man waded in; then the yielding shingle gave underneath his feet; finally lie plunged forward into the deeper water, and struck out. He wns a good swimmer, his body being built that way ; niid presently lie was going well, .hand over band, with his legs jerking behind him like the legs of a frog, and yel-, low as the legs of a frog, by reason of , the brown of the water. But if he was fat, he wns also scant of breath; ere long he was on the bank again, puffing and blowing and wiping the water from his eyes and from the short and stubbly hair of his bullet head. And then— as' the morning was sunny ami warm and as lie was fatigued — and as ho had a habit of humoring the whim of the moment — lie pulled on part of his under clothing to dry himself, he rolled up . Ins waistcoat and put it on the sand to serve ns a pillow, he lay down nnd dragged his crumpled dress coat' over him, and in about a couple of seconds was fast asleep. And now it xvns that two others came strolling across the spacious valley. The one was Lady Mountmnhon, who had found Lime to re-incarnadine her cheeks,, and make up iter heavily marked eyebrows and eyelashes, nnd arrange the abundant masses of chafT- colored hair that flaunted themselves to the sun. She wore a loose morning gown, of light green satin, and a Balmoral bonnet of lose- red velvet that bad an eagle's feather stuck on one side of it . Her companion was a cliort and slim young man, of cadaverous line, whose odd expression of eye' and twisted mouth seemed to say that if lie were not a comic actor, then lie had thrown away the chances bestowed upon him by a bene ficent fate; indeed, there was little doubt of lis being what he himself would probably have called a "pro." of some kind or other, just ns Lady Mountmahon herself hnd been, when she was famous as Carrie Milton of the metropolitan music halls. This Mr. Ar thur Hoskins, now walking with her, xvns clad in a kmckerbockcr suit of tlie most vio lent pattern— just about sufficient to brin" down a grouse cock at fifty yards; but as lie had not attempted tlie kilt, much must be forgiven him. Both of them were talking and jesting merrily; tlicir laughter was loud in the hushed autumn air. Jhit presently she said— "Arthur, mon vieux, I'm afraid the whole .'? are a dotty this morning, after the d games of Inst night. Do you know I came near to splitting open Motility's skull it i ''our "Bo— though you mayn't think that possible. Oil, but it's true. He slashed my poor Tartarin with that heavy dog whi|) of his; and I was so mad with rage I pitched an empty ewer at him from the window — " "Ewer the pitcher, in fact," he observed, with a professional grin. , ®w don't appear to recognise the gra vity of the situation," she replied coolly. "It' was very near kingdom come with that gay' youth.. And then what docs lie go and do? Why, lie goes nnd sack's old Angus 1 What: next? First tlie head keeper; now the' water bailiff. Do you think Sir Charles' Orine will stand it? No, ho won't ! He's! not such a Jay. These people look after: his interests. But I suppose Mounty wants to get every decent and respectable person turned off the estate, so that we shall be left to ourselves. Ami we're a pretty crew! "Some of us are, your ladyship," her com panion said, politely. "Others of us have no pretensions that way." "Well, I won't let Angus go!" she said, with frowning brows. "Blessed if I do! He's a pal o' mine. A decent, respectable old man like that; why there's not one of us fit to black his boots " "I am — I admit it," Hoskins put in, peni tently. .... "Well, he's not going to leave!'' she con tinued, hotly. "The decent old man 1 He shall not leave — he shall not! I'll see Mounty first — and that's all about it!" Her eyes were at this moment attracted by some black object lying ahead of them. "And what's lie up to now? What is he up to now?" she cried in tones of hopeless vexation. "Look at him! Sleeping on the ground! Another dress suit gone — 20 guineas chucked — when you've got to take a corkscrew to get a fiver out of him " But as they drew nearer and nearer to' that motionless heap that lay prone on tlie sand, her scrutiny had been growing more and more curious and suspicious; and at last slio uttered a piercing shriek, and stopped, and .shrank back. i . "lie's dead!" slicsereamed, regarding the lifeless bundle with horror. "It's a corpse! I won't go near it! I won't touch it! " Her companion went quickly on. "He's all right, Lady Mountmahon," he said, "only a little out of gear. If your lady ship will kindly turn your head for a minute, I'll set him on liis pins and get him into his clothes." It wns a difficult matter, for the drowsy man was sulky and sullen ; but after a time — with much patience on one side and a good deal of cursing on the other — the task was accomplished. And then his lordship had to face his wife. "Aren't you sober yet, old Sleepitoff?" she demanded scornfully. . "I'm hungry," he said, -with half opened eyes. "Hungry?" she retorted— and' she had a raucous tongue when she chose. "Then it's whisky hunger, and that's what it is. You had supper at 5 o'clock this -morning, and you were gorging like "a hog and drinking like a fish." "Oh, hold your jaw, or I'll brain ycrn!" he muttered. "Here, Arthur, give me a cigar." "Arthur, you won't do anything of the kind," she interposed, peremptorily. "As for you, old muddle head, do you want to be made sick? And I wonder how we're going to get you smuggled into the house without the servants seeing you! An elegant ob ject you are, to be sure! They might set you up for a scarecrow, if only you looked a little more like a man " "Will you hold your row, you gutter snipe, or.I'll gouge your eyes out!" his lord ship growled. But there was no great dan ger in the threat — and she knew it. Indeed, something else now claimed her attention, as she kept glancing eagerly for ward. The silent lodge they had left amid its pastoral surroundings had been trans formed into a nutjiu: of feverish aelivity; tlie members of tlie house party had all come outside, and were as busy as ants; tlie gentlemen were carrying dishes,' joints, knives, forks, crystal and tlie like ; tlie ladies were engaged in laying out a table that had been brought on to the lawn ; this one called to thnt, and that to this; gaudy costumes flitted to and fro ; a kind of witches' carnival seemed in progress, with abundance of bandied jibes and giggling. "And why the — who the — what the — mis chief are they doing now?" exclaimed the- hostess of these people. "I should say they were going to give us breakfast, or luncheon, or whatever it is, out of doors," replied Arthur Hoskins. "Oh, very well," she said, good naturedly. And then she turned to her husband : "Hero, wake up. Mounty, man ! Wake up, and give yourself a show. You know you're not such n bad old crock, if you wouldn't go and drink yourself blind." She dusted the sand from his clothes, and tried to make him look a. little more presentable. "We'll start you on a tumbler of fizz, and that will put some life into you. I see they've told the servants to keep indoors. Quite right. You'll have to take the head of the table,, and I'm sure you'll be a beautiful example to all of us, in the way of sobriety and wis dom and wit." And at last the things were ready; the host and hostess took their places; and at once the riff-raff crowd began their carouse. There wns a tea urn on the table, it is true, -but it was not brought into requisition, for stniiding well in evidence were a few bottles of champagne, and when these had been passed round nnd-exhnustcd Lady Mount mahon kept sending one of her "boys," as she callcu them, for more, and more, nnd more; so that in time the fictitious mirth rose to an extraordinary pitch. Everyone wns talking ut once, no one heeding the other; oven a loudly challenged statement gave no pause; jeers and derisive laughter provoked no retort, so fiercely and furiously did tlie wassail rage.' But when the delights of eating and drinking were beginning to pall it occurred to'a cunning youth who had brought out his banjo with him that he could not only vary the programme, but also check this- flooded torrent of excited ver biage. 11c got tho instrument from under his chair, and twanged a few chords, which were instantly recognised. "Let's have it, Johnny!" bawled his lord ship, who was now as vociferous and hila rious as any of th'cin. The tumult momentarily ceased; and in the unnatural calm that followed a thin, cracked voice arose, recounting the adven tures of a certain Saircy Jane. It was a poor, weak, contemptible performance— tlie only strength of it lying in its coarse sugges- tivoness; but at the end of each verse the wiiple table came in with an exultant, stri dent, discordant chorus — Now mind you, Saircy Jano, Whatever, you may do, That the missus, O the missus . That 11)0 missus can play pranks as well as you. Then someone called out "A Barn Door!" — and someone else called out "Yes, a Barn Door!"— and tlicir hostess, jumping to her feet, cried aloud "Very well; get your part ners!" — at which there was n scrambling up froni tlie table, and a general snatching and pushing and sliuflling that gradually resolved itself until the expectant couples waited the signal from the banjo. Now the Barn Door ciin be danced with perfect propriety; it can also be danced with impropriety, not to say indecency, according to the temperament of the onlooker; and on this occasion, as soon as the banjo had started tliem off it was pretty obvious that these people meant td "let themselves go." Nay, tliey warmed to their work— those hot eyed Bacchanals and frenzied G'orybantcs; there were collisions, nnd shrieks thnt startled the still air; the women vied with each other in their display of white underskirt; tlie men roared with laughter -in encouraging tliem. In short — for tlie subject is not nn alluring one— it looked as if hell had broken loose in Glen- garva, on this peaceful Sabbath morning; but a tawdry, vulgar, sordid hell; the hell of Piccadilly Circus, when the music halls have vomited forth their vilest. CHAPTER II. — FROM OVER THE SEA. On this same day an open landau was being driven out from Invergarva, bringing two strangers into the secluded glen. One of them was an old man of striking appear ance— an old man of quite unusual stature; his long, flowing bennl of a yellowish white; his pinched and pinkish features speaking of habitual exposure to the weather; a dark blue "Balmoral bonnet crowning his pictur esque head. His companion was a much younger man— about 30 or so— and not nearly so tall, but of great muscular breadth of frame; liis face thoughtful and refined; his clear brown eyes steady and contcmpla- tive, and kindly withal.' These two were (father and son; and the latter was describ ing to tho former— who appeared to bo stone Blind— the various, points of the landscape ns tliey came into view; though he was con tinually being interrupted, for the old man kept eagerly suggesting this or that detail borrowed from his own mental picture, to find out if ho had remembered rightly, through the long interval of years. "Yes, yes," ho was saying, in an excited .fashion — and if he did not see, he certainly seemed to see, and vividly— "that's the Brae Pool — tho steep bank and the bushes — a ter- iriblejilnce for losing . Hies.. And there's a ;blg rock up at tlie coiner— can you make it- out, lad? — and a great black hole under neath — I wonder none of lis boys were ever drowned there — when we were after rowans or nuts; and then from the corner- there's a wide stretcli of shingle and sand leading away along to the Whirl Pool— isn't that so, Somerled?" "Quito right, father," the other made an swer. "And iu tlie middle of the 'valley on the shingle, there ore the stumps of one or two uprooted trees— nearly white — and half buried — — " "What, still there?" he exclaimed. "Why, man, these were trees that came down in the great flood!— well I mind it— the wa ter was up to the doorstep of Kinvaig House —and the ferry boat was whirled away along to Farlies. So the big roots are still sticking out of tho sand?— to think of that now!— a fine hiding place tliey were for us boys for anything the keepers were not to see." "There appears to be a small church on the top of the hilljust in front of us." "Of course, man, of course! Kinvaig church! But how should you know? And it's a pity there's no seivice to-day; maybe one or two of tlie old folk might have remem bered tlie tall teacher. That was my name in the Gaelic— tlie tall teacher. Ay, I was a long-logged lad; I could put the miles be hind me. And so we've come to the steep hill and the church; there used to be a roJ of Scotch firs along the crest " "Just beyond the church — yes." "Well, I mind fheiri— well, well; and larches sloping down tlie other side— a famous place for the roe when we were beat ing the wods. And the firs— the Scotch firs —they're a landmark; they're visible all the way from Ben-an-Sloicli, or Ben Vora, or even as far west as Stratligorni, 'and tliey tell to everyone that near by is the old bury ing place of the Macdonalds of Kinvaig. My word for it, Somerled, when we bade good by a week or two ago to the Macdonalds of the Canadian Kinvaig, I warrant you there were many of them thinking of the Scotch firs on the crest of the hill." The horses toiled. up the long ascent, and when they hud reached the summit, the dri ver was bidden to halt, in front of the en trance to the church and churchyard. Som erled Macdonald got out first, to assist his father; but indeed when the splendid old man stood in the road, bearing his six feet four of height right nobly, lie did not look as if be were much -in need of help— had it not been for his lack of vision. . Then the younger man opened a wooden box that was on the front seat of the carriage, and took therefrom a wreath of evergreens; this he handed to his father; then he placed his fingers lightly on the old man's arm, and the two of them entered the small graveyard uii the hill. These were humble and unpretentious tombstones for the most part, and nearly all of them bearing the name of Macdonald; but there was one of somewhat more im portance — a tnll Iona cross it was, of red granite — and to this the younger man made liis way. His surmise was correct; he read the legend, "vEneas John Macdonald of Kinvaig." "It is just in front of you, father," he said. ' The old man felt for his footing, and put out his hand and touched the stone; then he removed his cap, he knelt down on one knee, and reverently placed the wreath at the foot of the cross. In the midst of the cunningly intertwisted evergreens there was a simply written card bearing these words: "Homage at the grave of our chief — from the Macdonalds of Kinvaig, Ontario, Canada." Old Allan Macdonald remained kneeling there for several minutes; then he rose — ready to be led away. "Father," said liis son, "the flowers on the grave are quite fresh— they have been recently tended." "Ay, do ye say that?" the old man re sponded, quickly. "Maybe, then, the Bean- nn-Tighearn" (pronounced Ben-an-tyearn — the Laird's Lady) "herself and Miss Eelin have been here; it would have been strange if we had met them just at the goal of our pilgrimnge. But it is of little matter if we have missed them; they will surely not take -> ill if I make so bold oa to coll on them when we get to Invernish, and tell them of your errand." Then he paused for a moment,' standing very erect; as if he were gazing abroad' with his sightless eyes. "Somerled tell me . nil you can see. Tell me all you can. see, out to the furthest hills." It was a difficult task, for Somerled Mac donald -had never been in this country-side before, and could only describe by appear ances, not by names; but the blind rpnn ap peared to recognise feature after feature of the lnndscapc, nnd followed the recnpituln- ,tion..;with intensest interest. - And then — having burned the. vision' into his brain— he suffered himself to be taken back to the carriage; and they resinned their journey. "For you must seo tlie big house, Lad,"- ho said; "and we'll put up the horses nt Bridge of Kinvaig; nnd maybe we'll find some old body who remembers the tall teacher. And then 1 would like to go down to the Gurva, and sit on tlie banks for a while. Indeed, that is what has made mc drive out on a Sunday — at. the risk of offend ing some of the stricter folk; but I wanted to hear once more the Sabbath silence of Glengarvii. It's the strangest thing. I've never heard it anywhere else; but I remem ber it well as a boy — tlie Sabbath morning stillness that you could sit nnd listen to, just as if all the world was whispering to it self. I wonder if I shall be able to bear it now. Perhaps it's only in youth you can hear it, when you are wandering' about alone, and thinking of many things. But 1 should like to try — now that I am in Glcn garva once more— and on a still Sabbath morning. . I'm thinking, Somerled, we'll take a bit of a stroll down tlie strath when once we've left the landau at the inn; I sup pose the quiet corners by the river side are just' the same as ever they were." ' And so they drove along the winding val ley, until, from tho lofty road they were fol lowing, they came to overlook a moderately- sized mansion and its dependencies, set in a level space some way back from the stream. But though Somerled Macdonald guessed readily enough that this was Kin vaig House, lie did not speak; his whole at tention was absorbed by a motley group of people who were lounging, in various atti tudes around the table. out on the lawn, while the nrray of champagne bottles on the white cloth looked incomprehensible enough at this early hour. Moreover, he could see that one of those persons was twangingawny at a bnnjo; and presently there cnnie the echo — so faint as to be almost inaudible— of a raucous chorus. And then— ns he stared and better stared in nmnzemcnt— behold! those half-recumbent figures sprang to their feet; there were scurryings this way and that; and finally the whole gang broke into a witches' dance of capering and kicking, with flying toes and tossing skirts, while now and again., even nt this distance, the hushed air brought tho sound of a brainless yelp or scream. Now young Macdonald hnd tumbled about tlie world a. good deal; lie was tolerant of the manners and customs of other people; but the question was how to get the old man past without his becoming aware of what would doubtless appear to him an absolute horror of desecration. The Sabbath silence of Glcngarva?— a Carmag nole instead. '\ And as ill-luck would have it, old Allan Mncdonald's remembrance of his native strath proved to b only too accurate. "Surely, Lad, we should be about oppo site Kinvaig House now?" "Just down below us, father— out there in the open." Then the did man would ' have the . car riage stopped, and would have the house minutely described to iiim — the. little square old building and its ivy, the modern wings with their bny windows, tlie back ground of shrubbery, and so forth. "I suppose there!B no one about?" "Not a soul," his son answered, despe rately. "A singular thing iiow," tlie old man con tinued, "i fancied a moment or two ago I heard a sound of singing — distant sing- ing — "Oh, that is quite a common delusion, when there's a wide space around you," Somerled rejoined instantly. I've often seemed to hear that at sea. The fact is, the ear is quite us imaginative as the eye. It plays tricks. It hears imaginary music, just as the eye sees imaginary ghosts — " "Strange — strange," the old man said — and lie was evidently listening with the con centration peculiar to the blind,: "I could almost swear that even now there is. some kind of measured tapping— like some musi cal instrument — " "Father," said the younger man, affect ing to laugh the matter away, "your ear is too fanciful; you'll hear the grass growing next — or Knight Rolattd blowing his magic horn. Go ahead, driver!" And for the moment that danger was escaped. But worse was in store. For as they de scended from these lofty heights to Bridge of Kinvaig and crossed the river, the soli tary little inn came in view; and here also tjicre was an unwonted tumult. Two men, bare headed, and in shirt sleeves, were out iu the middle of the road, playing pitch and toss with half-crowns; a third sat cross leg ged on the gravel; a fourth lay at full length oil the long box used for holding fishing rods; and all of them were bawling bets at each other; and cursing each othor with a cheerful lack of discrimination. Through these worthies a general family resemblance ran— short stature, heavy shoulders, hair less face, bullet head, and more or less bro ken nose; and if they were too bulbous to be pugilists in proper training, pugilists of some kind (ey undoubtedly were — pugilists carousing, in fact, for there was a plenitude of tumblers about, and some half empty champagne bottles stood ranged along the window sill of tho inn. Of course, as the landau drove up, the curiosity of this sorry crew overcame the'proYailing clamor; and in the temporary truce Somerled Macdon ald hurried his father .into the small hos telry — hoping that he had heard nothing. (To be Continued.) 