THE CHiYIG. Wbocau undaunted brave the Critic's race ? Or note uutaorcd bis mention in the Oritic'a page Furadc bij errors iu the puuliceye? And iJothsr Grundy's rage defy ? 1 The rush for the spoils/ The Tysoa talent 'cutting up' old Jioi before be is well cold 1 The Filipinos demand independence. They object to Uncle 6am treating them as merchandise. Quong Tayt's new tea rooms being opened by the Mayor, angurs well for alien restriction. The Zenith— eiglit hundred and eighty two majority. -Tho Nadir — Behind the spikes ! And all in two days l The touguo of tho giraffe is nearly a foot and a half lon^. Now if the grace less bird could only talk, what a N.8.W. politician he would make. There is a big boom in Bismarckiaa literature iu Germany, over 320,000 copies of tire Prince's autobiography having been sola in the Fatherlund. The* S M Herald ' of Tuesday last com pared Premier Turner, of Victoria, with Premier Keid of New South Wales, very much to the disadvantage of: the latter. Another military x officer committed suicide during the week. It is more than extraordinary how the»e tragic events run in cycles and come together as if by pre arrange ment. An English magazine, 'The County Gentleman,' lately gravely discussed the question, 'Shall our boys go to Australia/ and practically answers it in the negative. God bu praised ! 1 Premier Roid on Monday promised a deputation to provide some relief work lor uiiompLoved mou in the ciiy. Sumo old George — same old promiso— same old empty bellies. \- One of the most serious catastrophies that could possibly happen to an Austra lian cointnuaity this drouthy we&ther;, huts overtaken Forbes. The brewery has been destroyed by tiro I A sample of up-country sign-writing. The receutly discarded sign board of & Htwkesbury River hostelry bore the kgenl ' Lisensed to sell frcmeated and spiritual liquors.' 1 The deceased millionaire, Tyson, seems to huve been unabie to decide how and to whom to leave his bulky hoarding. 8o far do will can be found, and there is tre mendous consternation iu the ranks of the expectant. 'Tis said to bo wonderful liow the Boers of the Transvaal have increased in stature over their Dutch progenitors. A tree, roving life has added nearly six inches to their average height iu less lliau 150 years. By way of emphatically commenting on the Czar's proposal* £ot universal disarmament, the Russian Government is about to expend £3J,OOU,ODO in re organising its uriiUory on the very latest French models# According to the General's last report, be is still waiting for ammunition for the magazine rifles. And he'll be 6iill waiting, no doubt, when a hosLi.e fleet is within a few miles of our lovely 'arbor. All wait and no bustlo guts no man anything. The country police liuve been in structed not to suppiy country news papers with harvest statistics. These official courtesies are oniy for the big metropolitan dailies. The country papers are; as a rule, 'agiu the Govornineiu.' Premier Schreiaerof the Cape makes a great blow about that colony's offer to pay „ _.,u. lion i\nn _ ? _ ? uuuotuy vt. a your to vile Imperial navy. Why New South Wales and Victoria have been for years past contributing considerably over that sum apiece I The civic authorities should insist upon the carts which convey to the tip at Moore Park all the dust and dirt of the city, being properly covered. As it is, they may bo the means of dropping ail sorts of germs along the routes they traverse. ^tium cum dignitate' is dead— dead as Julius Uffisar and bis oft invoked ghost. It is now *otinm cum dynamite/ or 4 cum digitalis,' or 'cum prussto-acidus/ or 'cam leadibus,' or some other uubstanoe as far remote from ' dignitate1 as a bank balance sheet from fact. The back country is in an appalling condition. Drought-stricken herds and Books cumber the arid plains, thousands upon thousands thick. Even bunny lias ceased to trouble, and the fiooice of obscene crows aTe waxing- sleek and fat upon man's fell disasters. Secretary for Works Young must have felt particularly small and of no account when he was reminded in the House by Neild that the latter bad saved him from being biffed out over the Hastings- Maoleay eleotion. There was too much truth in Neild's apt retort. Why does not some enterprising MP. trip Premier and Treasurer Reid up for paying, as Treasurer, an extra £5ud to bimseLf as Premier, absolutely without Parliamentary sanction, and thereby con stituting a distinct evasion of the N.8. YV. Constitution Act— Sohedule A# (47 Vic. No. 5.) For weeks past $he 'D.1V h:i* been chronicling the movements of the 4llyiu^ ' Khalifa. The press aud pulpit are sup posed to bo i he educators of the people. Will the 'D.T.1 therefore tell us by what patent ^paratus the Khalifa is ' fljing * ? Doubtless tho erudite journal means 'lieeim?.' Major General French cannot refrain from haviDg a dig at volunteer officers 4 suddenly jumped from civil life/ in his report upon the service, if one cou d only know which particular officer the General had in his mind's eye at the moment ol: writing that report, wouldh t there be a rumpus in the 'Ousel In order to bluff the public into the be lief that the late elections did not utterly bust tbem up, the Citizens' Reform Com m tteo held a meeting on Thursday to make arrangements for the next elections . What these arrangements are did not transpire, but presumably coffins and bearses for their stilt' 'una will form a very large item* The question of denuding the country of living timber, is assuredly on© coinci dent with tho regularity of drought. A couutry must be protective in its clima tic healings as in everything else ; it it will not contribute its own share of moisiuro producing gases from tree growth, it cannot expect other places to supp y it for nothing. It is a remarkable fact that America has latterly become the settling ground of literary, ventures, especially of those dealing with religious or psvehio prob lems, The new play Founded on Hall Cnine's work, 'The GUristiau,' lias been triumphantly successful there, after which it will no doubt be received with open arms in London. Multi millionaire Tyson's funeral was attended by about fifty peop'e all told, the cortege consisting of but thirteen vehicles! Thinks be to Providence money bags do not always command a slavish adulation, except when discreetly exercised an'e mortem ? Even then it is a high price to pay for a big funeral, especially to the principal party at the function. It is positively refreshing to contrast Sir George Turner's attitude towards the Victorian Parliamentary Labor Party and Mr. Raid's invertebrate wobbling with S-cath and Company Here. Turner says ' -distinctly -.hat his Government mu*t cooitoI the expenditure. Roiif abjectly remarks, 4 Whatevcryou gentle-*, meu of the Labor Party want.' 4 Tho Critic' rises to inquire what has become of those questions asked bv Grif fith, M P, relative to the Registrar Generat's 'Depot of the Damned?' Have tney been allowed to co by the board, or have Griffith and Bruoker and Public Service Board, oueandail been hypnotised into silence over the scandalous concern '? An anower is expectantly awaited. The 'Chamber oE Commerce* con demns the idea of a Government clothing factory. Naturally — most naturally. Anything that comes into compecitiou with tat bellies and banking accounts is condemned long before it is born, by such arrant boo liemongers and tricksters. Their. late experience nt the elections ought to teach them a trick in discretion, however. Another shipment of bubonic plague microbes arrived in Melbourne, and with commendable promptness on the part of the authorities was duly consigned to the crematorium. bcieoce, in tbis matter, is very much like the. boy who 'riidn t know it was loaded.' When & couple of medical fanatics are wiped out, and & few thousand of the people with them, the mad craze' will cease. There is said to be a well dressed man affiioicd with satyriasis, who is in the habit of prowling round loueiy, parte of North Shore to tho terror of domestic sUvcys and young persons generally. As he is's&id; to wear a frock coat and a belltopper hat, he is supposed to bolong to the public service, especially as his prowls generally occur on Saturday afternoons. A specimen of the Sydney alien-run slop-factory trioks, A capable t&iloress; made up ten pairs of pants for a city sweater, last week, at the rate of 4d. per pair ! And because the nearest thread to match two pairs hardly did so, the sweater wanted her to unpick the lot, and, on her declining, refused to pay her even the sliauietA price agreed upon, or any price at alL. The mau who can't make himself' a Hboiey, a Rougeme&t;, an Esterhazy, or & Wriggler is of no practical utility now either to himself, the press, or the police. The simple coon that passed himself off as the eon of Edmund Barton, and straightway started his erratic career by peddling in £11 gotten soft-goods is no use ou this earth. Heaven is his proper home. There are aotu&lly; eighty houses of ill fame in the godly city of Adelaide, those said eighty establishments being backed up by no lees than eight hundred females of easy virtue. The holy city mast be strenuously emulating her southern belle sister Melbourne, to say nothing of her eastern Cinderellenesque . relative, Sydney. But she has a long way to go before coming within cooee of either. M. ilutin, the managing director of the Panama Canal Company, has inter viewed President McKmley, to whom he offered the canal for something like twenty-five millions sterling. If Uncle Bam did not accept it at the price, said. Huton, the company would, conploto the work and run it at a lower scale of charges than the Nicaraguan Canal President Mclunley replied not a word to the bluffi The latest form of intoxication is concentrated alcohol as an eatable. Iu America, from whence the iuvontion is derived, brandy, whisky, etc, may now be freely and easily imbibed through .he apparently innocent medium of cakes and biscuits, To nome nearer home, it is said that large doses of alcohol arc now being sold .in England, disguised in sugar caudy. What a throw in for the 1.0. G. X. crowd. The *6. M. Herald ' gives Reid a neat little backhander by praising Premier Turner's firm attitude towards the Vic. torian Labor Party in the following par : —'It is refreshing, from its rarity in politics, to meet with so firm and reso lute a stand as that mada last week by the Treasurer of Victoria in opposition to the attempt ot a majority of the Assembly to take the control oE the fio&ucos; out of his hands.' It is no wonder the British and the Russian Empires are in deadly antagonism the one with tlie other. They are both the biggest grabbers of land, on the face of the earth. So far the British Empire is ahead, owning about 11,371,391 square miles of country, Russia baying only ^,61)0,394 square miles. When Russia, however, has finished with Manchuria aud other handy bits of China, they are ex pected to pa s out pretty level. The Queeenslaud Premier's dictum th&tNtho; position regarding Federation is becoming more nebulous, proves lum to be a keener observer than he is generally given credit for. Yet he did not express himself any too clearly. What be undoubtedly meant wan that the great problem has degenerated into & party politic panjandrum, and is there fore in fu 1 danger of being tnflei with as such. It iB the case in N.S.W. at any rate. The tremendous 5ale of Bismarck's auiobiography goes to further prove how a people love to get hold of anything that has a tendency to discredit absolute monarchy. The 'secret of Bismarck's apparently suicidal independent attitude towards the Kaiser, was his knowledge that he lui the people, to a man, behind himificase of violent aggression. Bis marck might have gone farther, however, iu which case lie would have left a much greater name behind him. Itisevidcut that every nation is ex pcctiug another bloody revolution in France, consequent upon the military scandals that have utterly di'*6rganisad the' French, army over the Drey Jus affair.' Despite the efforts of every living dip lomatist to soothe the general desire for a wholesale rumpus, all tho nations are grindiug swords, loading six-shooter?!, and generally making ready for tho shambles. Should the bust-up come within this century— ivhosh J Terry, M.P., the innocent pilgrim who managed to omt Fresh- fish Farnell from the representation of Rvde, was 'kidded' on by Dick .Sleath that as leader of tho 'independents,' it would fall to Ms lot some dky to torm a Minis, try, when he (Dick) hope to bo remem bered, — 'Loo* here, Sleath,' said Terry quite seriouslv, *1 shan't be able to take you into the Ca riuet, because I m pledged to Barton and Lytic, but I'll put you on tho l'ublic Works Committee.' In the case of Henry Horan, acquitted by tne jury, without demur, of the oharge of having ouimiuel a capita) offence upon Ida Withev, the Crown might, in common decency ftnJ fairness, make some compensation to the poor devil who lay. under a cruel imputation for two months, in the suadow of the gailows and with the Hangman's noo«e dangling over his head, MoruQ lost nearly two stone in weight during- his undeserved inoirceratioD, and suffered terribly iu his nervous system. Sydney 'Bulletiu s ' billet doueiete, Ghouli- Ghouli. made an awful bull in her missive last week. She relates how a Sydney baruiaid made a wager with a journalist as to tho author of ' Fleasu-es of Hope.' She denied Campbell to have been the author, and toon the wager \ * Tho journalist was evidently confus ing 'Tuo Pleasures of Hope' with the 'Pleasures of Memory,' said Ghouli, ho tho maid won her bonnet.' What? from a journalist ? And on such grounds ? Ha! Hat The somewhat sudden death of mil lionaire 'Jimmy' Tvsou at the ripe old age of 75, will come as a boon and blessing to the Treasurerso.f Queensland I and New South \Yales. I expect 'Jimmy' will cut up to something between two und anfi. three millions sterling, and if his numerous estates are divided amongst his still more numerous nephews and ncices, there will be a lot money put.in circulation. Probate and succession duties form very acceptable windfalls to Treasurers- afflicted with chronic deficits. Nearly everything is done on a very large scale in America. For instance, the biggest war tax paid on account of a mortgage deed since the SpanishAmeri can war begaa is that paid by the Spring Valley Waterworks, the corporation suppLying the city of San Francisco, on ?account of a mortgage deed executed By it of all its property- in favor of the United Trust Company# as security for a loan of four million dollars, borrowed for the purpose of enlarging the water plant. The mortgage deed carries a little over two thousand dollars' worth of revenue stamps. The authorities have put an end to heading 'em In tho Rookwood cemetery, aud to'oard-playing on the tombstones. Oi vex u« not Our spirits sleep remote from c&rkiagcare; 1 O 1 bead-em not We needs must Watoh the ie*ue iu the air# O! let us rest# 'Tib, long sinoe we hare been at *two-upv school# Exci'e us not! For sure 'tis hard to keep our spirits cool* Bsjfone with 'joker/ 'aoa' aud 1 deuce/ { Right bovers,'' pairs' and 'fakei 'I Oureouls.are ' oribbed ' with 4 fifteen twos/ And Belial holds tlis slakes, | With all the talk about Federation bciug within measurable distance, it u -3 amusing to read 1I10 vinous and varying 7; accounts of the differences between tha i Railway Commissioners of the several Australian colonies. According to Mr. Railway Commissioner Oliver of New / South Wales, the fault rests with the ;j Victorian and Queensland Commis- 7 sioners, who want New South Wales to give way too much ; while, according ; to the South Australian, Victorian, and Queensland Commissioners, the hitch is —? entirely due to the mother colony's 7 Railway Paujandrti us taking ap Ul\ .? / impossible attitude from the first THE TBIUBtPff OF* DESIOS. JF eerg and jestiug jabdations, rose galore^ but they s»t light y O u the hearts of those who labored in the - bittfe of reform, II arxtessed to a purer purpose, whose fierce - . ' alt'tr-fires Aimed brightly— N oistriesi are those v-iuotiug vampires since that aldermanic morn. N ever, I ;iyer. in pages black with grime of civic iijftory# O r in tarnished years long welded to d&xk; laws of civic greed, B&Dgtaioud; a grander victory, free from vhiled corruptive mvstory, T was the strong brain of the people «a*tiT|g- - off the brainless creed. j O h! ye clods whose bop;-s burned brightly, nit your dead hopes oa ye lightly ? N or ton stands with Demos risen# strong in /. spirit aud in deed. E. E. Had tape rules in the department of Public Instruction. List week some of tins masters in tlie public schools in tho city ajid suburbs wished to wait on Minister Ho;;uc, and ask a favor about something or otkor connected with (ho Technical College. The minister asked ' tlietn to wait on him at 2 p.m. on a certain day and lay their views before him. This they did. A day or so afterwards, tlley j vote called upou by Mr Inspector Bridges to explain tbo reason of their absenting, themselves from their duties on the afternoon montioned. They explained that they acted on the jninister'a orders. 'CTuder the eireum * stances, * ukascd Mr Inspector Bridges, your absence on this occasion wUt,b«y f overlooked.' Evidently Bridges thinks', -5 he bosses the department, minister and all. Mr Carruthers' Government Advance. Bill appoints a board of three, nominated by the Governor and salaried, who shall hare power to make advances on firet mortgage of freeholds, conditional pur. chases and leases homestead selections and i-ettlement leases Xo loan, is to.bs for less than ftij, or more than £2000. This measureXs apparently a very liberal concession, but upon investigation its ; liberality is very much circumscribed, Xo settler can get any advance from the board nnleBS his land is absolutely on encumbered ; and as the majority of con ditional purchasers and conditional lessee, owe tlie State more than twelve and a half millions sterling already, and aa nearly everyone else is more or less mortgaged te the banks or the big lintucial institntiene, there does not seem to be much uoope for this new-fangled board. In summing up iu the charge of shooting at with intent to do grievous bodily harm, Mr Acting- JusticeO' Connor said that if the accused — Mr. Morton— wished to have Mea-lier arrested he could have called a constable. As a uialfer of fact, and Mr. Inspector Bobin son could have iuforuied his Honor if he pleased, at ten minutes to 2 p.m. any day there is not a policeman to be j seen about King and Pitt streets, or for 1 that mailer in any part of. the city proper, the constables being at that time at their station-house for relief. The old country system might be adopted here with advantage. Tlie men are marched in n body to a point and then distri buted. Also on that day it was fully half an hour before uny officer showed up, and then it was grumbtiugly because his time for relief had passed, ; This is how the Melbourne press views ' the N.S. W. Legislative Council1.- proposal that Sydney .filial be the political oehbreol* the Commonwealth. The Argus says ' ' 'We are not tempted to accept union on terms, of implied inferiority. . Should Mr' Keid insist on Sydney as the seat of the Federal Government, be will do nothing /? more tban to confirm the oritios within 7 and without tbe borders of Mew tenth' 2 Wales, who have persistently denounced bis Government as an enemy of union.' While the ' Age ' says : * The people' of J Melbourne cherish no speoial ambition to' have the federal capital in what has been : called the Queen City of the South ; bat if the question of the site of tbe federal capital is not to be left unreservedly te the Federal Parliament, they will rigidly . oppose any provision whiob shall give a preference to one city over the other. It's very difficult to get anything about Norfolk Island affairs officially admitted by any responsible person. Last Wed- neaday, Wood, M.P., asked the following question:— '(1.) Is it a fact that a report was received on Norfolk Island affairs from the Assistant Auditor-General and Chief Inspector of Public Accounts? (2.) Has he any objection to laying that report and all papers connected with it upon the table of this House? Mr Reid answered:—The a&airs; of Norfolk Island are under the Ministerial control of the Secretary for Lands. In this connection, it may be said that it is openly stated that the Secretary for Lands secretly suppressed Mr Brodie's report on the scandals connected with the administration of affairs in the' island, for various reasons. Mr Reid would do well to see that his colleague is forced to give publicity to this sup- pressed report. 