FOOTBALL. TRARALGON v. MORWELL. The Traralgon footballers scored their fifth successive win on Saturday last on the local show ground, when they defeated the Morwell team by 9 goals 20 behinds to 3 goals 2 behinds. The local team were fully represented, while the visitors were several men short, but their places were ably filled by substitutes. The weather was beautiful, and the ground in perfect order, which made the game an interest ing one for the spectators to witness. Things were pretty evenly matched till half-time, but afterwards, the visitors apparently giving up all hope of win ning, the play was all one-sided. A noticeable feature of the day's play was the shooting for goals by the Traralgon boys, they having no less than 29 shots and only scored 9. MIr H. Row as central umpire was in better form than he has been this season, and gave general satisfaction. THE PLAY. Corrigan and Powell were the respec tive skippers, and on the bounce Mor well were at work and immediately secuted, sending the ball well forward. P. Green relieved in splendid style. Symth obtained a free kick for a push but made a mull of it. However, a few minutes afterwards, Cooper marked in front, and secured first goal for Morwell. On the ball being again set in motion, Beeton got a mark and for warded ti'r Andac?oo,, ,who tn thne ball well forward, and a minor point was scored for Traralgon. Several more followed in qui:k succession, till at last D. Anderson marked and passed to E. Guest, who put up their first goal. The Morweli players rallied up a little, but for only a short time, as Traralgon immediately took possession, and kept shooting for goals, but only behinds were registered. At this stage, T. Anderson, Beeton, D. Anderson, Barbor, Reid, R. Thomas and Pepper were playing splendidly for Traralgon, while Smyth, Nicholson, Bryden, D. Rodwell, Bruton, Reidy and Powell were doing good work for Morwell. On the change of ends the Traralgon boys wcke up, and after the bounce, Reid secured and passed to Beeton, who booted it well down. Tom An derson with one of his fine sprints ushed round the wing, and sent the sphere whizzing amongst the Traralgon forwards. D. Thomas marked and had a shot but only a behind resulted. Kicked off, Barbor marked and kicked well down where Beeton took a splen did mark and hoisted the two flags. Beeton, Anderson (2), Reid, Pepper, Green and Barbor were doing excellent work for Traralgon, and Nicholson, J. Bryden, Brown, Ross, Aitken, Bryant and Porter for Morwell. During this quarter several behinds were scored, and at half-time the scores read Traralgon, 2 goals 15 behinds Morwell, 2 goals a behind. On the third quarter being entered upon, it was at once apparent that Mor well " hadn't the ghost ao although they made several rlle' time they were repulsed and" . citadel was constantly in dan "era was some splendid individual , both sides in this quarter. P The Traralgon players havi got a substantial lead, when 1" %V was again bnunced made t hih lively for the Morwell ba~cks, early stage of this quarter ano al was added by Upson. Behind lowed, and then another booted through by Becton. was now very one-sided, the I. being very rarely out of .Morwel's I tory. All throughout the ame, Traralgonites showed :heir s5tia the final result of the gaine b an ': Traralgon, 9 goals 23 bchird. Morwell, 3 goals 2 behinds For the winners, Beelon showed, as a brilliant star, his runane " telling long kicks being much adi:j and Tom Anderson gave a ss exhibition, and was repeatedly ch tr for his splendid runs almg the and all over the ground, hile brother Dave also played an exCc game half foraard, and took .',. grand marks. Re;d and Pepper i ruck were each seen to advantage t1 former especially ; and larbU, ' Thomas, Nugent and Daviuson ' some good work fr their side Pe haps the most able defender on th ground was P. Green, who proved tower of strength, while Coati-g a? Wright each showed good form. D Nicholson stood out head and sho' ders above his comrades, and plaicd grand game for his side. Bryd- in the centre also played well, but nB more than his match in Anderson. Reidy. Bruton, Smyth, Cahil, POI , Rodwell and Aitken were the ma. noticeable. Powell was not setn a his best, Sam Clarke beating hin ca several occasions. The goal kiciera Traralgon were- Beeton 2, 1) Ade son 2, Guest, Wright and Upson. Far Morwell-Cooper (2), Rodwell i. 