:BNelly Preston; O'R THE :AWYER'S CONSPIRACY. BY THE AUTHOR OF -E??ie Seaton ", "Jessie Melville ' l- ".ucy, the Factdoy Girl ;" & "Eustace, the Outcast." o:c/: Cbapter fitt aXaBERT CLAYTON HAS AN INTERVIEW TWITI MR. BELL, THE SOLICITOR =rCHIPPS AND BOB PRESTON WONDER Wt- .HAT HAS BECOME OF WALSH. Albert rushed into the shop and bough a newspaper, and he and William went into an entry to read an account of Sir Humphrey's -death. It was a short paragraph, and stated that the Baronet had died suddenly, two days previously,at the family residence in Leeds. It was added that. owing to the recent melancholy death of his son, the estate would go to the child of his third marriage, who, being a minor, would no doubt be placed under trustees. " This event calls for prompt action on my part," exclaimed Albert, as hurriedly folding up the paper they issued again into the street. " I must instantly be off to Leeds, and rry out my resolution of consulting with Mr. Bell, and putting the case into his hands." Accordingly, that afternoon. Albert, in his make-up as a Frenchman,with wig, moustaches, and spectacles, departed in the train. It was dark when he reached Leeds, and he proceeded direct to Mr. Bell's chambers. He had not seen that gentleman for several years-seldom. indeed, since he had ceased to ac as his father's lawyer. He wondered, there fore if he would recognise him, and thought if he did, what a shock he would receive on being visited by one whom he considered dead. Munsing thus,he rang the bell of the solicitor's chambers. and the answer to his inquiry, if Mr. Ball was within. was made hesitatingly in the affirmative. The girl looked with a mixture of uenriosity and suspicion at the very French-look ing personage'who stood before her, and held the door in her hand without inviting him to come in. " Can I not see Mr. Bell ? " inquired Albert. " Is he engaged ? " " I think he is," she answered. " He has just got dinner, and he always has a sleep after it. Perhaps you would call again if your busi, ess is not very important." "" It does happen to ie important, though," observed Alhrt : " and as he is cioseted only with 3lorphrus.ill take the risk of interrupting . the consultation. 1, il you please, therefore, show me to his room I " Seeing that the queer-looking visitor was not to be put off. the girl led the way along the lobbr. and showed Lint into a room shelved round and furnished with a very large business table This was evidently the so'ieltor's office. The table, immense as it was,gruaned under the piles of tape-s-cured papers. The shelves wea e filled with numerous other packages and neatly painted tin boxes. In front of the table was a capacious chair, covered with black leather, and at tno side was a cushioned sofa, apparently for the accommodation of visitors Albert sat down on the latter, and had not waited long when the door opened and the lawyer entered, rubbing his eyes, which were sleepy in the extreme. Clearly enough he had been roused from a eound nau. Mir. Bell had more the appearance of a jolly. jovial alderman thatn a lawyer. His corport tion was really something to boast of, being nut only huge, but well-proportioned, and sustained by a pair of stout sturdy understandings. His neck was somewhat short. but upon it there was a large raucd head, well covered with light, r~rly hair. He iad a pieas. nt, open expression of countenance, a small mouth, a short nose, and a very sparkling and intelligent eye, though at that moment it was, as we have said, in a very drowsy state. One very prominent feature was a broad expansive brow, showing a fol development of the reasoning powers, and giving assurance that he was intellectually qualified for his profession. Bestowing a look of inquiry on his visitor. Ar. Bell wept forward to the table, and de posited his corpulent body in the easy chair. lsring which process Albert was quietly divest in; himself of his wig, moustaches. and specta cles, wl.ereiy he was changed from a shoulder shrugning Frenchman into ; aQ well-favoured youth with a bright, laughing eye. The metamncrphesis naturally made the law yerlcok at him more narrowly and fixedly. "A nie.-icl student who has got himself into a scrape."thoughtMr.Bell,who but dimly caught sight of his zeatur, s. Albert rjse and came silently to the other side of the tai,le, where the gas shone full upon him. There he stood with his round blue eye fixed on the lawyer, and a smile playing round his mouth. 3ir_. ell s`trted,rub'bed his eyes more vigour ounv :han before, and stared at the youth in asto?ishlment. It requires something very ex traordinary to throw a lawyer- especally a shrewd, self-possessed lawaer like Mr Bell into such risible amrnzement. For some moment- Albert spoke not, but stood enjoying the astonishment and perplexity depicte-d on the other s face. " Do you know me. M'r. Bell ? " he at length asked.striving all he could to suppress a twinkle in his eye. " Know you ?" repeated the astonished law yer. " I think I do, and if I do, by Heaven ! I must be speaking to a ghost." Albert laughed outright. " Dors a ghost come disguised in wig and srcctadcle ? he said. "" I don't know.- answered the solicitor. " I never had a visit from one before." " I sould tt.ink not. Well I am not one ather. I am distinctly in the bhdy, I can assure you. " Then am I r;ght in supposing you to be Lr. Albeit Clavthn t-" " "You never were more correct with a sup po-iti?n. I an that i-,divi.lual - "" And you were not drowned in ,ate-rhr.,i Lake : " Certainly net. I was v?-ry nei ly murder ed there, but. cs good luck would have it. I w:s pullrd out after my nuir lerer had. g.ine off. Slaeming that lhiskind inteii.t?s towsor : mI been entirely fulfilled. Mvr itliv, y-ers iestr-.r me to aninmation, and I thnouht it as w,-ll to keep retired for a time. MIy fathi-r's death !ta.s, howsever, brought me out of on:ce.lneint. n I I hav come to you to get advice, and in fat: tr put myself and a very singular case in your hands.' " Bless my soul and body! I was r~ervcr more astonished in all my life," t-jaeilated . lr B,-ll. recovering rapidly, and getting intto his u-ual state of coolnrss "' It was an ii.tenih-d tour ? r, was it ? Who wanted you oat of thte way " "" My stepmother. Lady Clvtoun." "Good Heaven I was that the way of it ? She wished the estate- for her own child, and hired the man who went with you to the lake to put you out of the way ?" " That is exactly it," replied Albert. jt is a shock[g bniness : and they ~ay they thi*it- von are dead ?P "Il'Tey've not a doubt of it--neither herlady ship nor Mr. Chipps, her lawyer." '" lia '" exclai,,ed the .o1rcitor, ratching his br,-ath. " had Ch:pps a hand in it '" " He was art and par'. He it was wim arranged with the murdere r, anld barga;ned for his services." "Well, I'm glad of that. I've long had a hatred of that ltw, cunnir g blackguurd, but if we can make this out I have him neck and h' el in his own trap. I would give a good deal to see the long-necked rascal swinging in a hal ter. sad her ladyship w?th him, for I have "l ways been of opinion that they are equally had." Si.x- and half a dozen," rejoined Albert. "' However bad they are we can't put them in a halter, for you see no murdh-r was conrnmtted." S"Ve can transport them, though." "~Possibly. but 1 don't want that, either. what I want is to baflc them both by getting the .eiate for the rightful heir." '" Ay easy matter th:.t. at all events.' said -fr. Ball. " All you have to do is to turn up at the ba-u-e and get yours- if served " " Mjielf ? o. , I am rnot tIe h, ir." " Ya are not the l.-ir of Clayton " said Mr. frEl , , great surj:re. r. ' Ten who is " S "ily nephew. The only son of my elder " Whetw !" said the solicitor. laying his two hands on his "ample paunch. " Another mystery.: " Yes; and more of the same vile plot. But I think it better to lay the sa ory b --fore you ir detail. - -It Is rather a long one, but as it will give you information which it is of the utmost importance that you should Lace, if you can spare he time. I shall- " " Eay no more," cried Mr. Bell., who was nno fully interested. " 1 am diseng:gel for th evening, and were I not. I would make- u-i. Il free, for this is a matter of lpararmnnt import. ance. Just wait till we g,-t a b.,ttle of wine, and then let me have the whole affair." " A bottle of wine and two gla?se3, Bessie. " Yes. sir." Bessie vanished, and quickly returned with the articles named. It was something rich Ih see how she stared, first at Albert, ant then at the wig and spectacles that l.y on the tble. She was too discreet a servant, however. to take any furtLer notice, and made her exit. aftr:: bestowing another wondering glance on the strange visit- or. " Now for it," said Mr. Bell, pouring out a glass for himself, handing the bottle acrt.ss,and laying himself out at full length in his easy chair. Albert drew forward the seat to wlhich Mr. Bell pointed, sat himself down and b, gain hi narrative. Briefly.yet'succinctly and uiij.utily, he gave the substauce of all with which the reader has been made acquainted in the fure going chapters The lawyer listened not onlv writh patience, but with absorbed attrrn'ion the Etory. as it was told, bringing to his fee varied Expressions of indignation, saalsracri,,nt. and delight. At that point which re'ae rl to Harry. and the cruelty to which he was subject td at the hands of Chipps,. his t-eeth we re s, t frmly together. His eyes slsherrd lnd his hands7 . twitched nervously. The villanoun p'ot ageinst Nelly likewise provoked him to huonest anger, gut other Fortions, esp?ecially towar is the ciose, which made all things secure for justice, gave .mrt intense delight. G Gad, Mr. Clayton., he esciismne-. when lbhert was done. " we have the ball t nttrely at ur feet You have nang d the matt,-r nodly, snd circumstances have played ito our hands wi'h singular good luck. We are int a position to shiver their hellish schem? to atoms, and I shall ain a triumuh over Chipps which will lully repay the evil trick he and her laldy-.h did in :etting me ousted as your fatlher's ag-nt " " That," returned Albert, " was a st p I itrongly disapproved of and deplored, ibut my nther was getting weak in the mind, and .itze wl had gained such a iowver over him ; she in z-r turn, ?. ?,spect, bring the puppet of Dhipps." " Oh, I understand the thing perfectly," said gIr IiBll. "l It doe sn t matter now, for we can iafe them, and that?s everything. Ti.e death ui WVal h, of course, preventss u from ipress:n ngainst them the crime of tutended Inus dl:r,and, is you say. it might do us no gi-od to be ug ;u inu -ps for his conduct to the poor boy. It will )e enough of reveuge to us end mnortification to .hem to knock away evenr planlk from l.e:eath heir feet, and leave them flotundering in the nud. " Then you will take the case in hand ?. said ,he youth. "" Won't I !" exclaimed the solicitor. " Never lid I enter on one with more gusto. L'-t me see now. If they are auniacious et,(nugh to show ight, as I believe they wili- for Chipps,like the Fornm that he is,wll crawl though he is chopped .nto bits --of cour-se. their detence against the :laims of Harry will be that he is illegitimate. ' Deborah Dickson can prove the opposite,' said Albert. hastily. "` Of course she can; and probably we shall be able to hunt up the certificate. But the p!la, vwen if it stood good. would not help them a oit, for suppose Harry's claim set aside. you zome in next. They can't make you a bastard an any ptetertce." "Thank goodness. no," said Albert emphatic ally. -'But Harry is no" illegitimate,and nothing shall keep him out of the estate ; I would not take it, even if the law g-.ve it to me." " Well, well," smile-d Mr. Bell, " all very good. I don ' think you'll have an opportunity for the display of such megnlmunity, for, if 1 can rely on all the points of your .t,.r3. as no doubt I mar. it will not be difficult to make the bay's clnim good. It is the duty of a lawyer to anticipate and consider the d-le ce which it is probable or possible f.r the Op, ,site to mnake. I by no means think it lk-lyv ti at Ciipp!s will ad vise her ladyship to contest Hart3y' tigbt, see iug that neither Ii. succt- s nor -,is f-.tlure can do her the least gooi. Be- si :es. you ate the only part! to take steps against himn. And were you a greedy. grasping adventurer, and 1 a law yer of the Clhipps stamp, I hamr no doubt we might nmbnage to defraud the bog, and put you in the pissession of Clayton " "'Prish the thought'" exclaimed Albert. with velheii eitze " Of course, perish the thougltt.J re turned M?r. BIl. " You are not a grasping adventurer, and I flatter tiself I tu nout an unscrupulous pettiforger tkhe Chipps. wl?ts.- neck I hope to have lhe intense pl asure of wlinging -profes :onaa!ly. I man-i- one of these d-y-, Well, now I Supupose you put ti-e entire management of the cu.s in my haInd ?F" '"i'?e s le unhisputed manag,-ntent,"auswered Albert. " Very good. Th r. you will please to act ac'-trdlig to my di? etionis. By a p:rgraph in :-a' .palper I--e- thIal y,,ur f the. - corpse ta in t c..ur. * ei to I'.ls iion t.-,orroa. anit the fu.-*al take tl:-cr tihe ar nater, at t.wel'e. Now. what you will Ih is Ihis You will re uti:n in my ho.u-e sil ,:i ht. .,.I. re-i.n ug your di. ui. .. ou ws Il I.-t uti to I t31 u ,tnr-t rt" mrt.-w, and--t'-t h. -b,. have- ytu -nx" ftetw' ? ." Not. a gr. a' d.-l," :gd .\ler. "A few !oun.d are' lhe nmg-t. I caix n:-t. "" W'e.l I wdl pr vi'e tie n. edfl to pmln chase a suit mi 'irnmini tor y t r.welt :nd ,he" lo. t s;it ol.emi tesit-aly-m.. (In te Ian y m fi. r lo mi-rr,,w, I wjil jmi you in Tluitm,,cr erly, ..-a-- i in mm,.-rtrini alo. when wi e will go to '? la it: i:: time fr th*. fu-e(aia S(Cpital, s:i.- IID rt. " 1Iy appearanre taiunt-mti ho coI nsitersab.y to-mim rt. Mm 1.I ,ut t . r .r u z-'ms-it cil Ii' imtmi: ig to th, ir sorror asIhet I Ipre?slit nm-t If s eii f nmournler." " I ot!;i g like taking an enemy bn sturprire., remr:k-"d Ar. B. IIt. .An - now. that a..tt, r I miein settl-.-,1 whatl shinut this monim mirl 'Ne.y IPre-Iton wwho u ?- .l?ifered so moum'h in the cause and who is hero-If tone of Chipp':s victims ? Shall I te- iher c ?se in low itkewise ?" SThat is just wh t I nmeant to prupse," re plied Albert. - .. The solicitor nodded approvingly. " This orecious uncle of hers," he remarked, " who is aalnd-and-glove with C'hipps, i. not quit' a ;tranger to me. I have alr.-.av had s.,ro- d.i tmgs with him, in which, I am sorry to say, he swindled me a bit. Him, therefore. I shal. nave peculiar pleasure in ch ckinatintg, and, :hanks to the repentant Walsh, who procured :he real will.it will be an easy matter to squelch aim. So his richly-merited doom is sealed. and now, Mr. Clayvton. to supp r. and aitert *'ards to bed, for you know you must be early Albert had no objection to make to this pro position, for in truth he was b,.th hungry and tired : so he and the worthy solicitor adjotrned to the parlour, where a comfortable repast, was already spread. tIrs. Bell's excrssive surprise having been allayed by a few eiplanatury sent tences, given in her husbaun's most. condensed legal style, she warmly welcomed the youth, snd did her best to make him comfortable for the night. Leaving him under the lawyer's hospitable roof, we shall go to the house of 3Ir. ChOipps, WVoo4h- use -lane. At an earlier hour otl the same evening, this worthv member of the i,'gal pro:e-s:on sat in h;s prtiva:e room writing diligently on sheets of bi-u..-sdged paper. An be was thus e-ngaged. a low and peculiar tap came to the street door. which the sharp ears of the lawyt r dt! not faill to Lher. He started and stolpped l:is writing. " That is Bo;, Preston at last," he said to hims, If, as he hurriedly rose and went to ad mit the knocker. - He was rsght. lob Preston it was. clad in a travelling dress, and with a pottmauteau in his hand?. " o yo:. harve returnled at It ngth How long yo=u hire ieen," whispered Chips,p as he allow. ed Bob to pass and then ref'st i,,id the door. Toie newcomer said nothing, but depositing his portmanteau in the dimly-lighted lobby, walked forward into the private room. Chipps followed close to his heels. W" Vell. how does Walsh get on?" he in quired. " How does it ctnme that for such a Iiungth of time he had not applied to us for the ready ?" " I haven't seen Walsh," returned Bob, inma tone of angry impatience. " Could not fine him." "Could not find him?" echoed Chipps, gazing at Bob in asts.nishment " No. I have sought through the streets for four days, till I got sick, tired, and c*me off." " Did you not see him at the The Three Barrels ?" " I dirt not. He came regularly Tnere ever3 i:ight until six or eight weeks ago. when all a: once he ceased his visits and has not been onci back since The deuce of the business was tha' no one about the public-house could tell me where he put up. One day I thought I had comr upon his armbush, for a house was pointed oul to me where the people said they had seen i man of his d!-nription going out and in somt weeks be-forp. Itturned out to be a wrong scentt however, for I found the house in question to bh occupied by a French plot, graph. r." *" That is a singular business," said Chipp. greatly disturbe:l. " I here. in the fi-nd'» name, can he have taken the rirl ? I hope tc heaven ! Amelia--Laiy Clayt-.n, I mean-has not been tampering with him. She, I know. strongly wants to have the girl murd -red, anc may have tempted Walsh to comui it the deed. If that is the case we are all ruined.' " Not a bit of it," rejoined Bob. " She and Walsh alone will be accountab:e for their owr deed-that is. should it ever be found out which is not likely,for of cotrse they have taker care to leave no trace of the crime, or at least of their connection with it." The lawyer shook his head and looked doubt. ful and troubled. " If she has done this." he muttered, "' we are lost, and if not where can Walsh be, and what can he have done with the girl? 1 cannot rest until I know. Alter the tuneral a strict search must be instituted." " Ah b" cried Bob, " that reminds me that Sir Humphrry is dead. The event is rather sudden, is It not ?" And as he made the remark he cast a sly, in. quiring look at the lawyer. If he expected tc read anything in Chipps's face, however, he was mistaken. The latter had far too much comn mand over his countenance to betray himself by it. " INo," he carelessly rejoined. " 1 believe his death has been expected for some time." " I daresay it has." said Bob. with a laugh. " Of course it was old age he died of, ann ticre was no need fcr a doctor seeing him-eh ?" And Bob laughed again. " It was old age, certainly," said Chipps in a grave tone. " Nevertt! less a doctor cannot be dispensed with, for a reitificate is nice-ssrr nowadays for the registrar. Dr. Potter was in atteudance on the b-.ronet." " Hium. That is, he came after he was dead. took a glass of wine in the drawing-room, wrote 3ut his cirtifia!te there on soul and conscience, pocketed Li- fee, and dep:-rt.d. I unders and." "Thlen it is more than I do."returned ('hipps, .ho did not choose to give Bob the cvo,fi lence which the latter wished Ple-ton evidentiy suspected that means had neen tak. n to hasten Sir Humphrey's death. Chipps understood hi' drift wed enough, but sas too cuannng'to sh'w it. and too politic to make unnlecessanry explanetlons. 'Well, at all events," said Bob, " her lady- ship is safe now. When does the funeral take place ?-' " ?.:e day after to-morrow. I have the man geneltt. I have still a good mani- letters to '"?tWhich is an intimation that I should be "" I will be hack to town on Saturdy,"' re narkel Chipa?s. "Come and dine with te on Sunday. atd we will consult about Walsh." " Agreed." said Bob. as he passed into the lobby and took up lhis portmanteau. Coipps let him out and returned to his room. where he again sat down to write on the black edged paper. Cbapter ?giv. WIIICH RELATES HOW CHIPPS ANT LADY CLAYTON WERE APPALLEI) BV THE APPEARANCE OF ALBERT Al THE FULNER 1L. It was mw April, the month of smiles ans tears, of sunshine at d show Ir. when N tore it awake,.ihg from her annual s'e;-p and tisint fro'u her uinter sepulchre. Spring was wel advanced, for the sra-on had been unu-ually mill and gi nial. PElBsterin; MI rch had comr and gone with nnwontod qllittnll-s. It ha? graciotsly dislu.nst-d with is rune win:ls, i: snow-showers, its sleet a, d eve,.in.r fros's, ant. iln tht1 Ir stead there had prevailed suith winds. gentle rains, and ltriht rt-viriog sunshine l'nd, r the itfnlene -.f flt-se, ti,o grateful eartl op--ned no her bosi..u, and begau to send the puls s of t ntt-wted life into herb and tree an, fltwer. On every btanoch and twig there elusts-red burst i.tg bud and the" rich hue's of fast :ort:itngblnsrtoiis. 'lTe orchards were already wintt-nihg into a gln, ious and fragrant promise. Nature's carpet was col.,uring into a fresh green .the hanks and grassy slopes sparkled will star-lllke primroses, and the hi dge-rows were arsaying thremnsel-s in their new annual gar Inen~.. The humming. roving insects and feathered dwellers of the wood were rejoicing orer the sprieg beauty, and carolling songs of gladness amid thn smili.ng loveliess of the opening year. The bie went buzzing from blossom to blossom in search of the rar!l nectar-drers, the butterfix daced through thr clPpr and balmy air on: gaudywing, the birds chunrp?d a n, -twiteri-d *ith- eager gladness in the brake. a?d the crow- and rooks cawed noisily overhead as they built their nests on the tail Ies. Who- does hot love the spring time of the year, when Nature appears as a bride, when all things look fresh and young Who has not felt a dancing joy through all his being as he wandered forth on a bright and warm day at the close of April, and gazed on the freshening landscape. and felt the fragrance of the dewy air c We enrv not the man who has not his soul stirred within him at such a time and by such a sight. A dull and gloomy mortal must he be-stranger to high hope. and unacquaint ed with pure delight-without poetry, without romance, without sentiment, devoid of those genial feelings which make man loveable and life a joy. All good and great souls-all gener ous hearts-all affectionate natures feel glad and happy in the midst of a spring-clad lands cape, and from the smiling earth they turn with pious spirits to the smiling heaven above, and complete the universal anthem of praise which ascends to the God of the seasons and the Almighty Father of love and mercy, the Dis penser of light, beauty, and blessing. Perhaps nowhere in England does spring dis plsy such gorgeous magnificence as in Westmor land. On this beautiful April morning the scene was peculiarly attractive, and so apparently thought the occupants of a covered carriage which came over the height, and, driving slowly towards the bridge, drew up altogether when it was near the centre. In the carriage sat Mr. Bell. Albert Clayton, and Harry, all dressed in deep mourning. It was the exclamation of " O. how beautiful," from Harry that caused the carriage to be stopped. Albert was at the moment engaged in close conversation with Mr Bell; but glanc ing out at one of the windows, his artist's eye fully appreciated the singular loveliness of the scene, and he cried to the coachman to stop. The blended shades of green, grouped and mixed richly together-ihe irregular profusion of the various kinds of trees contrasted finely with the ipen patches of ground and the sil very flashing of the lake glimpses of which only could be seen beneath the foliage. Here and there a white cottagepeeped out, like Edenic homes of peace and happy seclusion, while the picturesque scene was finally closed in by the mountains, which seemed to lie at the end of the vale. but which were in reality far away in another district of the country altogether. " What do you think of that, Mr. Bell ?" asked All-ert, his eye glowing with rapture, and his cheeks flushed with keen enthusiastic en joytment. " it is very fiue," returned the lawyer, who, though more prosaic in his ideas, was yet deeply impressed with the beauty of the lands cape. " Fine ! It is glorious," cried Albert, " I could linger here all day to gaze upon it."' " St: could I." exclaimed Harry, clapping his hands with delight. " Nu't so could I," remarked lr. Bell, with a smile. " Our business is of too great impor tance to allow such a waste of time. " And now that I think of it, we should be moving, or we shall be too late in reaching Clayton. But, of caur-e, you have seen the place frequently before, as it lies so near your early home." "-I do not think I ever saw it," returned Albert. " 1 seldom rambled so far from the mansion house, and my walks were chiefly con liund to the wouds in the other direction. To my shame. I confess I know very little of the Westmor!and scenery." They had by this time driven on, and on reaching :he other side of the bridge, and as cending the 4',pe, came upon a smooth and level roa'l. hentn the driver put his horses to the gallop. and they were soon at a rapidly in crea-ing di.-tnnce from the splendid landscape ou which they had just gazed with such raptur ous feelings The sun was gam:nng in altitude in the south, giving token that it was near to mid-day, when the carriage rolled up to the-great gate which guarded the principal entrance to Clayton Park. When they were coming near to it, Mr. Bell drew up the carriage windows on both sides,and All:ert muffled himself up in his cloak, for he did not wish to be recognised until they had gained the mansion. " Now for the bursting of the bombshell," said the lawyer. rubbing his hands in great glre " Little do her ladyship and Chipps know the vision that is about to be presented to them. I anticipate that they will almost expire in horror at the first shock. Keep a firm front, Mr. Clayton. Be firm and stern as Nemesis, and grave and cool as the Lord Justice when he gives a ticket-cf-leave man fourteen years in the old quarters," " I'll do my best," returned Albert, who ap peared to be quite self-possessed, but who was nere.theless not a little agitated. " Only," he ad'ded., you must bhack me up. I have given the management of the case into your hands and you will take the lead in carrying it through. I know our arrangements as far as we have made them, and I suppose for the rest we shall have to be guided by circumstances " " Just so," rt turned the lawyer. " Fortun ately you are now of age and can act indepen dently. You are also the natural legal guardian c,f this boy, so that you have full control over t!hi day's proceedings. But here we are com i .g ;I -ight of the mansion. There seems to be a - od ;gathering of the tenants and neighbour Ing gentry. Iay Jove, it wants just five minutes to twelve. We've hit the time to a nicety." They were now whirling at a rapid pact along the avenue, having passed unchallenge_' through the great gate, which had been thrown open for the a,'miltanee of those who had come to the funeral. A goodly number of vehicles were congregated in the stable-yard, and a large group of tenants and others had assembled on the lawn. all diessed in black, and many of them wearisg crape on their hats. As the carriage rolled forward towards the hall tnor.its appearance called forth aot $ little curil.. tv. The onlookers perireiyed that it did net i, lung to p.v geutirmani in the nethbbou - hood, and they therefore wondered whom it might contain. One of the servants who wam stationed at the stable yard motioned to the driver to cull up there, buit this intimation the latter disregarded, he having already receivrd instructions on-the matter. Forward he went, and pulled up only when in front of and close to the broad flight of steps which led up to the pgeat door of the mansion. The carnage door was opened, tc st.ps let down, and out stepped Mr. Bel. -Her w-.s w ll korwn to all a.sambled there, for a. the Iag nt of Sir Hamp',r.-y he had in frm r days been fr quently at tne Park. and he had drawn out m- st of their leasn. Following him came Albert, who stepped out with a grave and dignified bearing. The sensa. tion created by his appearance cannot be des cribrd. Everyone looked aghast, and low and horrified exclamations escaped from every bosom. The youth merely smiled and bowed to theni, and, turning, took Harry by the hand-the driver having lifted him out of the carriage and walked somewhat hurriedly up the steps, accompanied by Mr. Bell. At the great door the new-comers were met by the butler, who, staring at Albert with a blanche I face, open mouth, horrified eyes, staggered back several paces, and leant heavily against the wall. " Don't be alarmed, James." said Albert, smiling kindly upon him. " Here 1 am slrve and well, and come to be chief mourner at my father's funeral " Twice the butler tried to gasp out a reply. and at last succeeded in saying, with an air of the most bewildered agitation: " Goa bless you, sir ! I-I--" All right, James," interposed Mr. Bell. " Just go among the tenants and say that Mr. Albert was not drowned as was supposed. Ex plain this to them,.and say that he sent you with the message. The company are assembled in the great room, I suppose." " Yes, sir," stammered James, in confusion, " This way, sir-this way, gentlemen." " Nay, it is not necessary for you to show us the way," observed Albert ; " we can easily fnd it. See the hall door is nearly blocked up with the excited people outside. Go to them and tell them what you have heard." The amazed butler ran away towards the no less amazed tenantry who crowded the steps. while Mr. Bell and Albert, with Harry in his nand, made their way up the great staircase. At the closed door of the room in which the funeral party were assembled a man was stationed to admit the arrivals. He was a new. servant, and did not recognise them. " What name shall I say, gentlemen !" he in quired. "Ohb.never mind announcing us," said Albert. " We- " " Well, yes.it might be better." said Mr.Bell, surriedly. " Say Mr. Albert Clayton, Sir Henry Clayton. and Mr. Bell." The man threw open the.door and uttered the .ames in a loud, distinct voice. The room, large as it was, was pretty full, Sir Humphrey hbaing had a large circle of acquaintances in the neighbourhood. a goodly number of whom had come to testify their respect by following his remains to the grave. At the upper end sat Lady Clayton, looking very majestic in her widow's weeds, supported on the right by Chipps who was also habited in the deepest mourning. Being seated opposite the door they were among the first to see the three forms which stood on the threshold, but the names which were so loudly pronounced caused all to turn round, and a universal horror spread itself over their countenances. In the general consterna tion, the petrifaction of her ladyship and Chipps was not observed by the guests, but the solicitor and Albert fixed their eyes on threse two personages,and witnessed the terrible effect which the apparition had upon them. Rigid as, statues they sat, ghastly pale, smitten with dis may, terror-stricken and appalled. Of course, they both thought that the grave had given up their victim, who had come to accuse them as his murderers. They saw and recognised only him. The solicitor and Harry were not noticed by them. Guilty and conscious-stricken, they could only gaze. or rather glare, on Albert's calm, grave, stern countenance, impressed with the one overwhelming thought that it was his spirit come to denounce them. - To Bg co -t?-TwD. 