CHAPTER II. Miss Bell lodged with a respectable family in t.he neighborhood of Lavender-road. Of i he young genth men if her acquaintance several admired her nearly as much as she deserved, but none more than Mr Algernon TIhompson, whose acquaintanceshe had made at the " Brixton and Clapham School of Typewriters." Mr Thompson's duties led him once or twice a week to the city, and it was whilst he was riding on the garden seat of an omnibus that he overheard a conversation that roused his jealous indignation. The speakers were the tenants of 19 and 21, Lavender-road. '* That chap at No. 20 is a regular dog," said the first speaker. " He was at it again yesterday. The pretty little girl comes to see him every morning. He trots her round the garden when he's done philandering in the house. But my wife's eye's on him I" " Mine calls it a shameful scandal," an swered his companion, laughing. The scandal afforded them the satisfaction usually felt for all compromising incidents which do not disturb our own comfort whilst they appeal to our non- moral sense of humor. Mr Thompson, already jealous of Miss Bell's intimacy with Mr Budd, now became convinced that the author was] a literary Don Juan and the typewriting a specious veil. The innocent young lady must be rescued, even if it were aerainst her own will. It chanced on that evening that Miss Bell, who was learning to ride the bicycle, a more capricious machine even than a typewriter, strained her ankle in the performance of an involuntary acrobatic: feat. Finding herself unable to fulfil her engagement, she nn suspectingly callel Mr Thompson to her aid. He, darkly listening, undertook to convey her message to his rival,, and if need be "type " at his dictation in her place,. " This," thought Mr Thompson, who had a taste for phrases, "is the long arm of coincidenop." Petermined to dissemble his purpose he defi# ?edMiss Bell's message It consider. ably .gitated the novelist, who, however, a.e tvd the suggestion tha$t?(r Thompson ahope' "come round and do his ' typing' till fpe Bell was well again." p his visitor had gone Mr Budd plucc4 the most lavish nosegay his flower bais could produce and despatched it, ac compWnied by a delicate note of sympathy, to thiQ ufferer, by the reluctant hand of the envious housemaid. Thui it came to pass that the vindictive Mr Thompson, whose aggressive uprightness of character had been accentuated by a course of culture at the Polytechnic ap peared in Miss Bell's place, and sat down with a truculent look in his eye, which meant " I will unravel this plot." Mr Budd, although the change of secre taries weighed upon him with a keen sense of discomfort was unconscious of the gather ing storm, although aware of the flight of his inspiration. Assuming a practical and business-like manner, he said: "Kindly read the last paragraphs, and I will resume the dictation. Mr Thompson, having fluttered the leaves in a contemptuous manner, obeyed in a grating voice. " Then as Ronald lihastened, a graceful figure robed in white stole across the fragrant garden lihke a warm-blooded ghost. The nightingale sang sweetly to his mate, the hob of love----" "Orb i" corrected the author. "Orb." "All right, 'Orb,' but she wrote 'Hob,' palpitated in the sky, and Ronald's heart swung like a ponderous emotion." "Pendulous, ,my good sir, pendulous," corrected the author. "' Pendulous emotion,' then, in his daunt less breast." Here the reader stopped and shrugged his shoulders u isapprovingly. After a pause he continued, in a voice of increasing exas peration : "'My love ! My love I' she cried, seeing his raw-worm--I suppose you mean war worn-figure beneath the shadow of the funereal tree. 'Sylvia,' he exclaimed, ' my beloved Sylvia. And how do we measure kisses ?' " Here Mr Thompson's indignation could endure no more. " That's a nice question to ask a respectable young woman," he said, turning a frowning face at the author of it. '" You are not here as a critic, sir, but a typewriter," said the deeply- offended man of letters. But Mr Thompson's virtue had now taken the lit between its teeth, and could not be pulled up. "It seems your measure is " passion's tumultuous arithmetic,'" he continued. " But take my advice and drop it. The game's up. 'lhe neighbors are all talking. It's the common scand.l of the 9.30 'bus." "What d'you mean ?" cried Mr Budd, in bowildered anger. " Simply that I've found you out. You've been trying to undermine Mise Bell's m ral character with all this nonstnse about kissing and 'tumultuous passion.' Look here, I'm a friend of hers. It's my duty to stop it. She's all right, but everyone in the street knows what you are. Ask the '.out edes' on the 9.30 'bus, if you want to know." But the author of "The Heart of My Love " could find no soul-relieving expletive to relieve his wrath. " So that is what you have come here to tell me," he said at last. " Leave my house at once, sir." He sprang from his seat and confronted the burly defender of innocence, b'it on second thoughts retreated, and added : "If you don't go I'll call a policeman, and bring an action against you for defamation of character." "' If you're under the delusion that your character '11 bear inspection, do so by all means," said Thompson. " You'd better in clude the. whole street in the. indietment. Keep your hair on, though. It's no good blustering. Just understand that Miss Bell isn't going to do your ' typing' any more." " Did she tell you so ?" " No. But I know my duty." " I shall go and see her at once and ask for an explanation," cried the much-agitated man of letter,. Mr Thompson was not prepared for this bold measure, but- was rather dismayed to find his rival exhibited no signs of the con fusion we associate with guilt. Then Mr Budd, closely followed by the now somewhat discomfited Mr Thompson, hurried out of the house in his slippers and garden hat. At the end of the road, by a happy inspiration, like one of his own characters, he halled a hansom, and, leaving his companion hesitating on the pavt mont, sprang in and drove to the lodgings of the pretty typewriter. He found her reading lit.-Bits on the horsehair sofa. " Pray be seated," she said, with a winning smile, thrusting her paper out of sight, "and excuse me rising." But Felix Budd. refusing the chair, in an excited voice to d his story. When he had finished, he said, " I must beg you to give an explanation of this extraordinary con duct." "There is none," she said, "except that he has behaved like a lunatic. But he shall explain himself and apologise." " It must be the jealousy of madness," said Mr Budd, nervously. " He has no more right to be jealous than impertinent to my best and kindest of friends," said Miss Bell, with a scarcely perceptible break in her voice. " Who shall fathom the motives of the human heart ?" asked Mr Budd. "Who, indeed ?" assented the charming invalid. At this point the bell rang, and Mr Thmeison entered the little sitting-room. "And now, Mr Thompson," said Miss Bell, "what is the meaning of your un warrantable aind idiotic behavior I" Mr Thompson fumbled his hat uneasily. " The truth is, Miss Bell, you're too young and innocent to understand these things, but no one with knowledge of the world could mistake the intentions of this man." " Pray do not mind," interposed Miss Bell, soothingly, to the angry and flustered novelist, "but let us hear what he has to say." "' Well, then," said Mr Thompson, sullenly, " going up to town yesterday by the 9.30 'bus I overheard the two gentlemen who occupy numbers 19,and 21, Lavender-road, talking about you. The windows of'their residences overlook the garden of No. 20, in which, it seems, there are strange goings on, visible to the naked eye." "What scandalous imputations 1" inter rupted the author. "Well," continued Thompson, prepared to enjoy his innings, "one says to the other, whilst 1 bent over to listen, as in duty bound, and not as a common eavesdropper, ' What d'you th'nk of that chap a£ No. 20 i' The other replies, ' Why ! he's a regular dawg. A pretty little girl comes to see h;m every morning, and he trots her round the garden when they've done philandering in the house.' " "That's enough !" exclaimed Miss Bell and Mr Budd simultaneously, with scarlet faces. "Yes; and so I thought," continued 'Ihompson. "And, when 1 perceived the wicked neurotic stuff with which your moral chamecter was being undermined, Miss Bell, I decided it was my duty to put a stop to this intrigue." "You idiot !" cried Miss Bell. "Never speak to me, or even look at me again I" "And I endorse every word Miss Bell, in her anger, has said," Felix Budd chimed in. But sense of virtue still buoyed Mr Thompson up. " In that case 1 shall write to your papa, and lay the case before him." "Do so, by all means," retorted Miss Bell. "I have nothing to be ashamed of." '"Certainly not," said Mr Budd. "Nor " What, you? Why., they say you are a ' scandal to the street.' " retorted Thompson. "Whoever says so shall be sued for defamation of character, and made to pay heavy damages," shouted Mr Budld. And now I come to think of it, your own conduct is actionable. I shall consult my legal adviser, and you shall hear from him shortly." The threat of legal proceedipgs damped Mr thompson's seal, for he had a frien I who was a solicitor's clerk. " My conduct has been actuated by the highest and purest of motives," he said, be giuning to hedge. " We shall see what the judge thinks of it," said the novelist. In the solemn silence which followed, Mr Thompson decided to consult his legal friend before continuing the unequal contest. " may have been mistaken, of course," he said. But Miss Bell rose from her sofa in spite of her sprained foot, which, in the excite ment of the moment, she forgot, and, pointing to the door, said: " Leave this room directly, I will submit to no further insult, sir." " She looks magnificent," thought the novelist, with a professional eye to the dramatic effects. "I shall most certainly write to your papa," replied the now baflied Thompsoun. " This matter is no longer in my hands." " No, you'll find it's in my lawyer's," sai 1 Mr Budd, with a threatening eye. Then, with a withering glance, Mr Thomp on strode from the room with as much dignity as he could assume. When he was gone the inevitable ex planation came. " I have," said Mr Budd, "been. the un conscious means of exposing you to the calumnies of my neighbo's. There is but one excuse, dear Mess Bell." "What is that ?" she asked, eagerly. " The love which runs through my romance is but the pale reflex of the passion you have inspired." " Mr Budd, this-this declaration-is un expected-" "' My name is Felix. Surely you sus pected -" " I suspected nothing." "But you know now. What is your answer ?" "To what-Fe-Fe-Felix ?" " Will you marry me ?" " Yes, Felix." "And do my typewriting all the same ?" " Yes, Felix, only more carefully." "Then we will write our books in colla. boration." "Yes, Felix ; safe from scandal. And as for these legal proceedings, we will drop them." " Certainly. my darling, if you consider your character has been vindicated." And so once again "Love was the con queror."-Cantcrrburv Times. 