A BPiffil RWfl. 1 CHAPTER XVII— (Continued). , (| ' This ir bettor than gaslight,' said Lady l| Gay ; ' how I wish that pcoplo would givo 'k '? Jctes anddancosby the light of thomoon— it if '' would ho twice us romantic and twice as fj « beautiful.' '.$]' «' With the additional merit of being uncor ? tain,' laughed Philip, ' out of ten nights when the lady moon should bo bright — she veils her fair face six — what should wo do for the six?' M ' I forgot that,' sho said, ' I was thinking that every night was fair and light as this.' ' How pcoplo differ over the moon,' said Philip. ' I know norno who speak and think of her aB tho poets write, as of the bright queen of tho night, tho fair, placid, graceful lady moon ; and I know others who think her tho very essence of all that is cold, changeful, and capricious ; on Avhich side aro you, Lady Myort?' . ' I love tho moon and beliovo in her,' sho replied. ' I wonder, I often wonder, if over tho time- will como when wo shall know move of her, or if future generations will do so. Have you road that wonderful book of Jules Vorno, ' A .Touvnoy to tho Moon ?,' . Do you , think Buch a thing could bo praoticoblo ?' 11 1 should say not, whilo life holds ,theso presented limits,' ho replied. 'Whonpooplo 1 know more of electricity, than they will havo i longer, fuller life -, they can send a thought j$ across tho oooan, now, in a few minutes ; that | is bub tho beginning of things — electricity in It its infancy— what will it bo (it its full u growth ?' I ' I havo not thought much about such |i things,' she said, slowly. [I '' I havo. I believe thovo is no ond to tho II -wonders of electricity ; I lose myself at times if in conjecturing whnt it may become,' | Thoro was somothing ot regret in her voice I -\vhon sho answorod him. . * «T. j.l,,'« ,../^-.lr1 r\f fnuiiinn nnnnln mvft but if little uttention to those matters of Boience ; V '? the shape of a hat, tho fit of a dross, tho ' uamo of a pot dog, aro of more consoquonco j I and yet thosojiro but mioornblo trifles.' ' . ' Trifles mako tho Bum of human things,' 1 v lio quoted, '' Lady Myort, you will think mo |',|V a dull companion. J did not bring you into '( ? the beautiful moonlight; to talk about science i jj ., or philosophy.' i p- , ',I like it,' sho ropliod, gently ; ' I am not V i/tirud of listoning.' | | ' And liston sho did, with grnco and pationco ! |jsbo had liovor shown to any man boforo. Tho \ f snddon eossation of tho boautiful dauco music yP'mado hor pauso. Jl'l' 'How many waHzosdoos that make ?'? sho ! i[ Bleed, ' sinoo wo camo out hero ?' i)|, 'I cannot tell— I havo. kept no count of )M mo,' ho roplicd. . 'I may haw boon horo. 'I ono yoar or half an hour, I oa'nnob toll which.' v I ;: ' Have you counted tho stars ?' sho '.\ tasked. M 'I havo only soon ono, and * its light baa )J iboonso bright I can soo no other.' V }'; 'Our philosophy, or sontimonfc, or what ji isvor'h may bo, must oomo to an ond now,' q Uo said. ' I wa8 ongngod for ovor so many t Wus, and I havo noglootod thorn all.1 You $ Lirill bring mo into serious troublo, Mr. Stowo. I A 'I would fight tho. whole world singlo I liandod 'tor ouo^suoh hour us X havo spout jiorp, jjo onuu. 1 |',Aud thou, with rogrot, thoy loft tho moon 1|' ighl and tho stars for tho ballroom* If .'Phillip wontytokoep liia ongagomonfc with ]) , tall, and not particularly handBomo, spin t tor- Lady Gay pleaded fatigue, and Bat down. i 'he laughing fnoo of Lady Joyoo broko'on H\ov rovorio. ? ' , D;,\ 'That was not bad for a first interview, 3f lio Hiiidj 'if any questions aro pormittod, V^Jmt havo you boon talking to ouv popular J'';iitluH.' about ?' 'H'viMio bonutilnl fnoo looted qiuto unoon n-''ioiiHlyinloliora. ? ft ' i ' About olootrioity and tho moon,* sho re E- ' ' I olWJhon bIio blushed orimsou at tho laugh Lady ''*i ?._,.,. nnuld nnt ronrosB. W A vorygood beginning,' ahoBaid. 'How iV, you It -Vtn, Lady Guy. H« is wy band ?£,i«WnotP' ? ? . ' Yes, I like his Btyle of face, dark and dis tinguished ; how well he dances !' ' Yes,' rejoined Lady Joyce ; ' and how well he talks ; I had half a notion of pro moting him to be my special entertainer, but I pjenerously yielded to you. You were say ing tho other day that you wanted someone to fan you. I should say myself that you could not do better.' *' You speak at random,' said Lady Gay. ' Tho very best way to ' speak,' retorted her friend ; ' I bolieve more real truth comeB from random words than from any other.' ' I cannot argue the question,' said Lady Gay. Her friend laughed. ' No, because your thoughts are hot with mo j they aro following Philip Stowe ; you look half dazed, my Lady Gay, and , there is somothing in your eyeB I have never seen be fore. Here comes Mr. Stowo, thankful to havo finished his dreary round of duty. Lady Gay — one word : ''Wbero your soul is tempted Most: to trust your f aco, ^ Then with double caution, Linger, fear, and wait.' ' CHAPTER XVIII. He wont ? home like a man beside himself, morn nomnlefcolv intoxicated 'than if ho had followed the old fashion of three bottles. Tho dark, lustrous eyos seemed to havo burned their way into his brain, tho low trainante voice would not die from his ears ; it seemed to him that over him still there floated tho same sweet subtle odour that had como from the flowers in her hair, and somewhere was the half-crushed lily she had given to him. He was dazed — it was not only tho in toxication of her beauty ; her rank, wealth, and talents had something to do with it. Sho was nobly born, sho boro an anoienfc and honoured name, sho was sought after by half fashionable London. More than ono peer of tho realm had laid his coronet at hor foot; — and that she, so beautiful and so distinguished, should have graced him by hor preference, was wonderful to him — and yet not wondor ful — ho know himself both handsome and talonted. ' Why should not any woman lovo me for those qualities ?' ho said to himself, with a smile that was all vanity, ' She is not tho first.' Ho was dazed, When ho reached his own door, and dismissed tho cab, 'the rosy morn was shining in tho skies, tho sweetness and freshnoss of a new dawn lay over tho earth ; th'ero was somothing of crimson and gold ; the few birds that had found homos in tho oaves of tho houses, began to sing, and ho was half mad with tho witchery of that dark, glowing beauty-till on him. Ho opened the door quietly with his lutch-kev, ani wont up stairs. Tho drawing room door opened, and thoro stood Daphno, pale and tired, in the oarly dawn. Sho carried a taper in hor hand, and tho lurid light, falling on hor face, showed so clearly the lines of fatigue around the sweet lips and beautiful eyes. Tho sight of hor had tho- effect of a cold shower bath on him — the pale, lovely face, with its look' ot rauto- re- proach, fcho golden hair, tho white' 'slender hands— it was as though ho had suddenly mot a Spirit from another world. Ho took, tho taper abruptly from hor hands. ' What doos this mean ?' ho cried. ' Can not a man go oub for a few hours without coming homo to find his wife waudoring about lilto a ehoatP'. ' I am; not wandoring,, Philip,' sho said; ' I was only waiting for you.' ' I have told you not to wait for mo. ^If I pm to bo annoyed in this w,ay when I come homo, I will stay away.' ' Tho whilo, weary paiifWtat'camo' into lior faco, tho wonder and sorrow that sprung into hor oyos, quieted him. It was tho first time ho had spoken so sharply to hor, and tho words had piorcod her hoart liko a sword. Ho spoko more quietly. . ' It is four in tho morning,' ho said,/' far too lato for you. Why did you sit up P' Sho shrank from him as sho had novor dono before, , ' It was lato, and I wa9y anxious ovor you ; I was frightonod, I could not sloop. Oh, Philip, are you rqaHy nngi'y with mo P', Ho say tho whito broast lioavo, and. tears shino in tho blue oyoB ; ho hold up his hands in affoctod horror. ' Daphno, if you begin to cry, laia . as it may bo, I will go out again.' She Blood boEoro him,, her boautiful ; faoo whilo aB tho droSBing-gown' she woro,, her boautiful figure drooping with fatiguo; sli . looked at him calmly, isut it wai tho dalm, of -dospniv. :?-.?;? ' ; ? ' I did not think, Phillip,', sho 'aaid, ' that you would ovor spoak so cruelly to rao.' . 'Nov did I think you would ever aofc^so foolishly. I will not bo watehod and cried ovor, nnd sat upvfov, and made misorable, in this fashion. Bomombor that I htwo my way to mako in tho world, mkI I must muka i& aflor my own fashion,' ? ? Ho pkcod tho tcfcior on a small table, and ila yollow light wui hidooua in. the clear, broad dawn. As ho movod his arm thoro fell {otho floor a white lily, ha«-orushod. but frngrnni. and Bwoot, Sho stooped to raise it, bnl ho took it impationtly from her. 'divo that to me,' ho said, and took it from hor. Sho saw him fill too glass AviCli water, and pkco the tlowor in it with a tond«r, curessiuff touch! hor eyes followod him with a abwblocl ijliinco. ' s , ... , . , 'While wo aro Bpoakmg on this subjoot, Daplino,'* ho continued, ' lot mo toll you, o.nooandfor all, that I will i allow no inter.. gob on in tho .world I musli . go , mto sooioty, and if I go into sooioty I must comply with its laws i do you understand that ? . ' Yo.s, perfectly ; but why do yon separate your interests from mine ? Why do you not take me into society with you ?' Ho turned to her with the most angry and fierce expression she had ever seen. ' I havo no room for you in my life j can you not see it?' And then he paused, frightened at tho effect his words had on her ; the colour faded from her face and Hps, leaving her white ns the dead. She trembled as though some one had struck her a violent blow ; she held out her bands, as though sho would fain avert something terriblo from hor sight ; then she repeated, slowly : ' You have no room for mo in your life ; why did you bring me into it ?' ' I do not know — I must have been mad !' ho cr'.ed. ' '.-.-'? Then the brutality of his own words struck him ; ho was ashamed of himself — of his own temper and words. ' v ' I do not mean it, Daphne. You irritate me — you mako me say Avords I do not mean.' „ 'You Baid it,' bIig answered, sadly and slowly. ' Men are aot a good-tempered race*.? said Philip: ' and to my mind, if there is one thing more irritating than another, it is to come homo, after a pleasant evening, and find a pale-faced, complaining wife sitting up for yon. It is like seeing a ghost, it is, indeed— no wiae woman would ever do it.' Sho turned from him in Bilenco. ' I will never do it again,' sho said. 'Daphne, you are cross,' he said. He could say what he liked, and what ho wished, himself ; but if sho ventured to resent it that was quite anothor thing. 'You should riot be cross ; think of tho provocation, you have given mo !' ' But sho looked at him with tho same ox-' pression one sees in the eyes of a hunted stag ?at. bay.- . 'I shall never givo you tho same pro vocation again.' ?' . jmow you uro uuiisy, jjupmiu, «u uhto, ' No, I have never been sulky in my life,' bIio said. ?* ? 'I am very tired,' ho interrupted ; ' do not wako mo in the morning — let mo ' sleop my sleep out.1 ' There was no thought, no consideration for herself — no desire that sho should sleep and find rest. Sho stood looking atxhim for a fow minutes in silence, then sho said': ' I wonder if you are tho same Philip Stowe I knew at Inglewood ?' He rose with an impationt cry, and a mut tered oath. 'Do, for Heaven's sake, leave mo alond! Is four o'clock in the morning a proper. timo for making a scone ? Women novor hare any sense ; let this bo an ond of it.' In a fow minutes ho was fast asleep, and sho quietly left tho room, and went back to tho gloomy drawing room where ? sho had boon for so many hom-s waiting for him. His words had piorcod her heart, and tho wound was blooding; some wiveB would havo passed them over, thinking very little of them ; but to her, so tenderly loved, so cherished — they wore liko tho doom of death. Was it the same Philip who had worshipped hor so utterly at Inglowood, tho same who had carried hor from home, father, frionds — Arthur, and everything sho hold dear ; tho same svho hud wooed hor day after, day with, such tender doforenoe, such dainty grace, and poetry ; who had told her that his life hung on hor lovo ? That Philip had worshipped hor, had laid his heart at her feet, had spoken to hor in a voice sweet aB tho spng of a devo-T-had told hor 'bIio waB tho loveliest, tho dearest, and tho best. This Philip had cold looks, Wnck, bitter, satirical words, and did not soem to lovo nor in tile least. , Had marriage so changed him P ? She could not understand. It soemod to her that ho ought to lovo hor so much tho bettor since sho had given up everything on earth for him. As she stood watching through tho narrow street how the crimson and golden gleam rose in tho sky, sho thought of that one evening in tho old-fashioned gardon at omo when tho two rivals had met ; sho re icmborod Philip's passionate devotion to hor nd hor whole heart, was filled with won -Jer s it was filled with pain. ' ' 'I havo no room for you in my life,' ho lad said. Was it truo P Could it bo true ? lad ho wooed and' won hor with such latfsionato lovo, only to find out that sho waB , burden, a doad woight to him? How it ould bo, in hor loving simplicity- sho could iot understand ; ho had told her that a loautifal wifo 'would holp him so much, and iow ho soemod ashamed of hor, ho would levor go out with hor. Sho remembered iow ho had said to hor. ' I wish I^could lave you with mo always, Daphno, to talk -vor my plots.' Now sho was always with lim, and ho could not onduro that sho should listurb him in his writing-room. ?' Ho used to thiuk me boautiful,' sho said ;o horsolf 5 ' havo I lost my beauty ?' But, tho keenest pain of all was tho crushed moot lily. She know by instinct that some [air woman had had carried .that in hor hair av in her bosom; who could it bo, and, why jhonld ho cara for it so tenderly ? A vision same to bor of tho dear old fathor sitting under tho boughs of tho applo trees, and, bonding her hoad,. she wept bitter toars. Most young wives, have wopt such teaqs, but very fow with as much cause. Sho wopt until tho shrill ery of tho milk man, tko hoarse vbioo of thtTswoop, and .the lioiso' of watoroross Boilers roused hor to tho fact that it was day ; ah, how dilforent to the waking up at luglowood ! Sho batbod hor faoo, ohangod hor dross, tried, to mako herself look-as though she' had rested -well, and when Philip caino down at noon, languid and woavy, sho hnd a tempting 'hroalcfnab prepared for him. She. mot him with a smilo, aud he lookod greatly rolioved. ? ',?,?'' ... ., , ? ' I am vary tirod, Duphno,' he said j have you something nioo for mo r ' . ? . . Sho rnisod tho oovor from tho dish, and iiioaiinwnrTl.lin rlnlioaov ho onioYod most, 'What a good, kind vrifo r ho said, laugh ingly. ' By tho way, Daphno, was I oross 4nsb night? I was quito worn out.whon . roftoliod homo, and do not quitto romombor all that ooonrrod.. Youvoxodmo by sitting up for mo j you must not do it again.' ' ' You may bo quito sutq that I novov shtul, flho said, quioUly. . ;, ' And you arc not orose, JJapnnO'r ' No, 1 am nob oroflB,' bIio Haiti. But, looking at hor, ho saw thovo was somotliing gono fa-om hor faeo which woult novor shino thoro again, and the ring hat coho oub of hor voipo, jnub iib , tho ( Bunlwjht had gono oub of hor henrb, novor to uvo there again. ?????, (To li continuw.) 