IN THE CRIP OF HATE, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. SESsr -W- lta.2?>«c5la.S3f&.02KX.'ti9 AUTHOR OF "BY RIGHT OF SWORD," "A HERITAGE OF PERIL," "SIR JAFpRAY'S WIFE," "THE MYSTERY OF MORTIMORE STRANGE," "BY AVHOSE HAND?" "THE OLD MILL MYSTERY." "MISER HOADLEY'S SECRET," £c„ &c.; COPYRIGHT, CHAPTER XXL— (Continued.) Mercy hesitated a moment in lief longing to have some one in whom she could confide, hut the evidence of ills weakhess and the fact that knowledge of the trouble and danger coupled With "his inablity to help would only fret and- retard his recovery restrained her. "She' Was anxious on my account," she said with a smile. " "But she 'did'not reckon-on my taking the reins into my own hands and com ing to you instead of waiting for you to come to, hie., I am a wilful body, you see, Mervyn," she said with a smile. But even as she spoke her old terrors began to wake agaih and to press in upon her. She was deliberately shutting tile door on a hope on which she had counted. ' 1 "And are you happy, down at the Court?" he asked, making this the first of many ques tions by which' he sought to learn all about her. Having taken her decision not to tell him; she held to It, and had to resort to some verbal fencing here and there to. escape his direct questions. I ' Iri this way a couple of hours ericaped like so many hunUtes, and Mercy began to cast anxious eyes at the clock. "Are you going so soon?"- lie asked, wlst- " Cully, following her eyes. "I must go down again by an early train. It is seven miles from the station, and I don't know yet how I shall get home. I must not stay for a later train, I should not reach Pen- tham till night. I dare not do that;" arid She shuddered as she thought of the long ioriely drive through the night. . , ; . "And what will .they say to the truant when she returns?" "I am Indifferent. I -have seen you, Mer vyn, and what care I for all else?" "I wish to heaven I were well enough to return with you," he cried, chafing at his weakuess. "I wish with all my heart you were, ans- weied Mercy, so feriv'ehtisy that he tlloii&ht; there must be soriietfilng She had hot told him,-. "I believe I could do it, if I tried", he said; "I rim a different man Blnee you.carrie, I can . almost feel the strength; pulsing auew In riiy, Veins." : - ' "Will, "you come down". when you cati she. asked, adding, quickly, "but that' will not be inucli good, perhaps. ' I rim hoping to leave the Court soon, and I want Mr. Musgrave's help. I am so sorry he is dtvay."/ "Wire for liitn to come back." "I have; but his clerks don't klibw, exactly Where to find him." "Is there anything serious the matter atjthe. Court, Mercy?" he asked, with a sharp,'- shrewd look at her. , "There will be, if he does not come dowh there soon. Then, seeing she had snld too much, and had alarmed him, she added: "It is very foolish of lis, of Lallu arid me, I mean, but the .plaee ls haunted, arid we hear foot steps and strange sounds." "That is bad," he answered; but in a voice which showed he was;' relieved, arid did. not think the matter of much 'consequence. ' "After all, footsteps and sounds are not such unruly ghosts as the phantoms of dead and gone happiness;" "Dead and gone, Mervyn?" "Well; rio, that was ungracious. But it Is. hard for us both just now." ; "It shall not be for, long, i promise you. But how," she said,; brightly, "as I aril only consulting physician, nrid not doctor iri regu lar .attendance, I must leave a prescription. Give me half a sheet of paper. Bright spi rits, earnest hopes, strong heart, resolution to get well, unshakable confidence, and com-, plete faith (in the physician). To- be con stantly taken, whenever the weakness Is felt; and great care is to be used In thoroughly cleansing, the milnd from all— what shall X- say— broodlness.' That's It."— and she gave him the paper, laughing. He held her hand. And. the fee. Physician?" She blushed, arid kneeling down, again, put her face close to his. : , "Two-guineas." ; He paid them, and more; and his face was only less flushed than hers when she rose, while already the lights of hope were burn ing strongly In his eyes. The sight of the change in him filled her with happiness, and for-the moment all her (errors and perplexities were forgottten; hut as soon as she had left him and was being driven rapidly to the station, they came crowding back upon her. It. had been infinitely sweet to be with him again even for so short a time— but with the thought of the sweetness was the bitterness 61 the failed mission. She was going home almost as helpless as ever. In some senses more helpless. Before coming up she had always felt that in any extremity both Mr. Musgrave and 'Mervyn could be brought to help her if necessary; but for the moment there was no help what ever available. The Colonel was against her, and had already attempted her life; her mother was feebler than herself; Ab Dur the faithful protector, was disabled; the ayah lay on a bed of sickness— and there was no ono but Laliu and herself. As, she passed the hundreds of men in the street, and saw the crowds of them in the railway station, the sense of loneliness and helplessness seemed to be increased. Of all the multitudes there was not one who would stir a finger to help her. i,At statlo"> where she arrived some time before the train started, she remem bered that she had had nothing to eat, and she went into the refreshment-room and had some meat and a cup of tea. It put strength into her, and she sat in a corner bv the fire, thinking. Her back was to the room, and presently a voice close to her made her start and tremble. It- was the Indian whqm she had first seen at the .Court, and had spoken to that morn ing, in Bloomsbury— Lai Mohun Rliosh. ; "What. did It mean? Was he going down by the same train? She waited until the way was clear, and then slipped out on to the platform and took up a position in which ; sh'e could watch those coming out of the relresbment-room. After a few minutes she saw him come out and hurry away to the platform from which the Pentham. train would start. Ho was going down to the Court to re new the struggle. It woyld be a race be tween them who should get to the place first. She went to the telegraph office and wired to tho stallonmastor at Pentham, "Please order carriage, and pair to meet me by train arriving at 7.15. To drive me to Beachley Court. Must be good horses. Most urgent. M. Hawthorne." "Can I send money by telegram?" she asked the clerk. "Ye3, miss." "I'll send Ave pounds with this, then. Stay, I'll add a word and say so," She added to the telegram .that she (Vas sending money by wire, and whs walking away, when she thought to send a wire to the Court .Warn ing them, and also announcing the time of licr arrival. Having done that she felt she had won the fiist move in the game; and when she passed the Indian she noticed 'that he was watch ing closely everyone who came on to the platform, and had" thus seen her. But she was not So alarmed as she worild have been before sending the telegram. CHAPTER XXII.— A RACE. The journey down to Pehtham was one of the most trying experiences Mercy had ever known. The Idea that It was to be a race between her ahd the man In the other car- r.'age, and that no one knew what fateful issues might hang upon the result, grew uh- til it fascinated her thoughts, She nursed It all thfe way, ahd sat gazing but on the darkening landscape as the train flew east wards, and picturing in fancy horrible de velopments and consequences. The train was an express, and made only one stop between London and Ipswich, where she had to change into a slow train over tho branch iihb on which Penthain stood. At Ipswich she missed the mah. rind a great bound of hope that after all he was not going to I-'entharh rose. in her heart, as the tiriie approached for the departure , of her own train, and he did not make his ap- liearahce. But the hope was vaih. Two or three minutes before the time he Crirnu sauntering along, the platform slowly, Smok ing. HO glanced in all the carriages, saw Mercy, was ril'mOst alone in hers, and after: strolling past, turned, and when the ti'aln'. was about to start, eiltered the sahie cbm- purlttteiit, arid sat dotvn opposite heh . "Troth's ri little ldte," he Said iri the irtdlf- ferent tone of a stranfe-er trying to open tedh- vcrsatlon. -Mercy riiride no reply. "Have yoc far to go?"' . ; , i;ms was unendurable,- and, .the. girl grew angry,' She knew his purpose; Vthere' _wtt3 nothing to gain by playing at being' stran gers. . - ; "Were you addressing- that remark:! td me?" ' -.' ii. ; - "To whom else?" he asked, raising his eye-1 blows as if the question Were superfluous;1 "Iri what character are yoU now Sperikirig? The person tvho tvas at Beachley Coflft,- Mr.!; Lttl Mohun Rhosh, or the persoti whom I addressed this morning, or iri sorhe other 'character?" . , "The 'question is quite, a fair one,"' he re plied, smiling. "Ajt the moment when you met me this morning it wrih not ebnvenle'nt for me to be recognised — hence my coildUct. But now— I am in indifferent, except that I am very ankious.to be your friend;'" "Thank ybri," replied Mercy, drily;' "Fox1 what purpose?" r'- , "I will explain presently. But i may first point, out that as your .mission to London' lias failed, you Will do Well to be friy friend."- "My. mission to -London, as you call it; has hot frilled.'" . - "Exehse me, you at'C rilone. Tout Mr. "Mils- grave is awriy.; your Mr, Rhodes is ill, so yoU are alone,. This knowledge startled her, rifid he saw.it instantly. "It -is my business to know these things," he added, - airily, "ahd to learn tlieni Is lite merest trifle; But the ,'hy I wish you to be my. friend is i tj- , i a delicate mission and you can helj) hie." . "What is it?"' very coldly asked, i YU have a young /friend whom you know- as Lallu. she is not. So named, but never mind, we Will "call lief so. I Wish to restore- to her Her riglits." - >, . "What rile her rights." , "Yh® half df. an Indian Principality. ' She Is the; betrothed wife — betrothals In our coun- try, as you know-, take place iti childhood— of a Prince who Is anxious for her to be With him." "Do you mean that he is the reigning Prince now?" , "That is what I mean, ahd this— Lallu, as you tertti he'f— can by her Were presence In India seCUVe -liar rightful position." "What do you wish itie to do?" , A swift, subtle glance Shot froth tils- eyes, to- read hex1 meaning and how far she was likely to do as lie desired. -"YOU cart o'e'rSUade liw nf tho SooU- ohim-, of. trusting herself With lier friends." "Have you not Chosen a strange method o'i showing that you are friends? Last night you broke into the house as if with' intent to murder." , ; . . "'1 did not. I was not near the piace. I arit goifig how to try and repair the mischief- Which w-as done then. I make the proposal' openly;" ) j ...' ;- ;i L "You, iv'isll her to put herself, i, into "youri hands?' . . . . . . : "That is it." r . ;'. . ; ;' : . .v.'--.-.- "And w-hat w ould you- db for'we if l lend you assistance?'.' ..... . . . . . "i'Can do ; nothing; but ithe gratitude Of the Prihce .'should Show itself in a very gene-' reus maimer. Of that I have no doubt;" 'You mean lie would pay me handsomely- for .the trouble. : I do not sell those who' uro dear to .me." ........ VThere is no sale. or treachery In this." What proof or guarantee should we have of yoUr good faith?"- . . - "My word and any pledge in jewels or money you might wish to ask." As he Used tho word jewels he Implied by a glance the heavy bribe he was ready to give. "And if Lallu declines to go?" : "Thrire would alxvays remain the nlterna- t.ve of force. The Prince is very resolute, a - difficult man to thwart. His power is very great and his arms are wide." ..Mercy saw that there was really nn advan tage to be gained by a little diplomacy. "I should hot accept any gift or honour for myself; but if, I were to be convinced that It would be for her advantage I would en deavour to persuade her. Her happiness is my one thought in that regard." The man stared hard at her openly for the first time. "A woman of India is happier as a Prin cess in her own country than as nn outcast in England. That Is enough proof." ; "On the contrary, it is no. proof at all." "I can produce to her ample proofs at any moment." . "You can't expect her to decide this all at once. She has become one of. our family,' and any change would necessarily take some time." .. "You .'mean she has become -fond of you?" He said this so sti-ringely that Mercy looked at him for an explanation. Getting none she ; answered, "Naturally my mother, has been a mother to. her; to me she is as a sister." "And you think those ties would stand in > the way?" "Is it not natural? But I will see whnt she herself thinks. Give me three days and then come . openly to the house, and I will try : to. have some kind of answer for you." In three days , she reckoned that Mr. Musgrave would be back, and so help would be at hand. "Do you mean you will help me?" he asked pointedly. "I mean what I say, that I will speak freely to her. I cannot do more." She tried to look as though she were genuinely In earnest, but the work of deception was not easy. He fixed his eyes steadily upon her, as if to read her thoughts. 'Then ' he leaned back and said brusquely — -. "I think I understand you." Not another word escaped him; but he sat buried in thought, and looked now arid again across at Mercy. At the next station he got out, and as he closed the door he said, through the window, "It Is not so easy a matter as you think to cheat me — nor so safe." And he moved away, leaving Mercy full of bewildered wonder as to his meaning; and she had not satisfied herself when the train drew up at Pentham Station. The necessity for prompt action roused. her directly, and she jumped from the carriage and walked quickly to the barrier, where the etatlonmaster stood taking the tickets. "Did you got a carriage for me — Miss Haw thorne, -of Beachley Court?" "Yes; from the hotel, miss. I've not paid for It. If you wait a moment I'll give you that five pounds." "I can't wait. It will do when I come over next time." and she passed out to where the carriage stood. "Are you ordered for Miss Hawthorne?" "Yes, miss," said the driver, touching his hat. "Beachley Court." (TO BE CO.VTINUKP.) 