PAYABLE WASH. A really good serie3 of cinemato graphical representations, ontheCorbett Fitzsimrnons lines, of the leading events of the Spanish- American war would be just the thing to boom the world over. Patriots on either side would fall over one another in order to catch a glimpse of realistic blood and thunder. The festivities at Manila and Santiago de Cuba would make capital films, to I sap nothing of the spectacular, opportunities afforded by the capture of the Spanish fleet ; the defeated adm ral's touching farewell ta his crew, and the luggings and muggings atten dant thereon. Aguinaldo's merry men amassing loot and making things warm for the captive Spaniards would form an effective interlude ; while the cowboys in action might be calculated to fairly bring down the house. The sinking of the Merrimac and an effort or two at blockade running could fill in vacancies. Anyone with a box of tricks such as these at his back might count himself a millionaire again and again. Audiences would flock from far aud near, snd the show, once perfected, would be an inex pensive affair to keep going. An almost unlimited run would be secured the patentee in all 'quarters of the globe. If the. lectures upon the career of W. E. Gladstone, which appear to be the correct thing just now, were punctuated with progressive views of that respected statesman in the act of felling timber, etc., etc., their popularity would be assured. A few concluding scenes de picting Gladstone giving up the ghost (a question in which the public appears to take a morbid pleasure) and his subse quent interment in Westminster Abbey, turned on to the tune of the Dead March in Saul, might serve to eke out the thin places in the present uninterest ing monologues. There is certainly a great future be fore the cinematograpbe : but woe is me ! A properly charged camera does not al ways '' happen to be there ' at the right moment. What an irreparable loss his tory has sustained by the unforseen fact of the Prince of Wales rolling downstairs at a time when no kodak was near to get a snapshot of his royal huster ! The last moments of Bismarck, for that other G.O M. of blood and iron, weo.tunde picted : a memorial of that melancholy struggle might have afforded much national consolation. 