-NIPPED IN THE BUD. fBy. Wanderer.] "What a strange tiling it is," said "Mr..; SUarpe, looking meditatively into the fire, ""thati men who have made a slip early-in • life, almost invariably cherish the evidence, -of their- guilt in. the shape of some article or document connected with tlieir lapse into crooked ways, as though It were tlieir most valuable possession,' instead of a. con stant s _ur'e of po. si' le riaigcr or annoyanca. I could tell yon'cf liiany cases in which the guilty man, although never brought to jus tice, has boarded for years mine incriminat ing piece of evidence which would be-suffi cient to wreck his life should if fall into the hands of any unscrupulous person. Of ; course, 1 am not 6)ieaking now of habitual criminals, but of those who yield to some sudden temptation and commit an act. to the expiation of which they devote the re mainder of'their lives. One would tliink that such a man's first impulse would he to destroy every trace of liis folly, but that is where" the curious part- of the business conies in. As a rule he does nothing of the ' hind, and thereby occasionally finds him self, after yea re have rolled by arid he. has gained an assured position in the world, in a. very tight place indeed. A case in which 1 was engaged some little time ago11 • serves as au illustration of this peculiar idiosyncrasy. If you are not tired listen ,ing to my prosing I'll (jell you about it." 1 should never have suspected you of fishing for compliments," I replied, ""but I must say. that remark of youre sounds -sus piciously like it. You know I am always only too glad to have a peep behind the scenes into the narrow and crooked ways of life, whenever you are kind enough to raise the curtain for me." "I am not going to take you to the "slums this lime," answered f>liarpe,"nor am 1 fish ing as you imply* 1 really thought you might he tired of my yarns; but since you are good enough to say they still-interest you J "11 treat you to a story of life in high places, of a skeleton in a walnut and silver mounted clipboard. There are more of them than you would, perhaps, believe. The poor and needy have no monopoly of the skull and crossbones. I sometimes think, as I walk down the crowded street of ail afternoon, mixing unnoticed with the gilded throng of fashionable loiterers, what panics I could create among their ranks if I chose. That famous beauty, stepping with such an imperious air from her car riage in front of her husband's mammoth warehouse, how her cheek would blanch, and her insolent glance turn to one of ab ject terror, if • I whispered just one sen tence into her tiny shell-like ear. That perfectly groomed gentleman, who takes off his glossy hat to her as he saunters by, his whole bearing telling of wealth and exalted social position, how lie would shrink, and cringe, and beg for mercy, if I showed him one entry in my pocket-book. There is no name to that entry. All the world might read it without becoming any the wiser, but lie would understand. It speaks volumes for my much - abused profession that its members can keen such secrets to themselves. Rarely indeed it is that one of them is found abusing his power, and such a one is. prouiptly rendered harmless—lias his claws cut, so to say. The secrets of the -confessional are not more jealously guarded than many of those entrusted to our keep ing. But lliis is not the story- X promised you. " "On returning to the office one afternoon about a month ago I found a note awaiting me from one of our biggest merchants—Mr. Blank, shall we call liim?—requesting me to call upon liim at oiic-e. The-envelope was marked 'urgent,' so I straightway jumped into a hansom and drove to' Mr. Blank's place of business. 1 thought it best not to give my name, but merely told the messen ger that I hajd a special appointment with his master, whereupon I was at once shown into his private office. The merchant was sitting at his desk when I entered, staring straight before him, and seemingly obli vious to all sights or sounds around liim. I 'l.emmed' loudly once or twice, and .then, finding my presence still unnoticed, stepped forward and touched Mr. Blank on the arm. He started as though he had been shot, and glared at me as if I were a ghost, or "some equally unwelcome visitor. " 'Who—who are yo.u?" he stammered, turning a shade paler, if possible, than be fore. " 'I am Detective Shai-pe,' I replied. J You sent me a note 1 believe,' producing it as 1 6poke. "1 never saw a man look so relieved in my life. " 'I thought you were ' lie paused abruptly. 'Sit down, Mr. Sharpe; I wish to consult you on a very delicate and pres sing matter. Mr. Wells, of Wells, Toogood, ana Co., assured me 1 could rely implicitly on your, discretion.' "t bowed, and intimated that Mr. Wells rated the slight service 1 had done in appre hending his bolting cashier at too high a figure. " 'No, no,' exclaimed Mr. Blank. 'I feel sure from what I have heard that you are just the man I want, if you will undertake my case. Mr. Sharpe,' leaning forward, and lowering his voice almost to a whisper, 'can you keep a secret?' " 'I think 1 can say, sir, iihat nothing "which lias been confided to me during a somewhat lengthy professional career has ever passed my lips. You can speak freely, in the knowledge that, when our'business is concluded, your story will he as though it had never been told.' "Mr. Blank heaved a sigh of satisfaction. " '1 am glad to hear it,' said lie; 'how glad you will understand when I tell you that not for all my wealth, which is even greater than people think,—nay, not for j all the" money ill Australia would I have I what T am going to tell you made public. I Were I alone to suffer it would not matter bo much. A steady finger on the trigger of this toy,' taking a silver-mounted revolver from liis hip-pocket and balancing it in ■ his hand, 'a second's pain, and I would be beyond the reach of scandal's many tougued malevolence, hut there are others. My poor wife, my innocent children—no! they must never know t|he horrible truth. Mr. Sharpe, you see liefore you a thief—you need -not etai-t or look so strangely at me, I am not mad—just an ordinary, sordid, sneak tliief such as you have arrested by the score. But I will tell yoii the whole wretched story ^rom Hie beginning. . " 'When, I left school I at once entered Ibis counting-house - as junior clerk, Tlio then partners in the business were great friends of iny- father's, and I was told that if r conducted myself to their satisfaction, and proved- worthy, my advancement would be proportionately rapid. It was even hinted that a junior partnership might re ward increasing and intelligent application to my duties. With the thought of this goal to spur my energies I gave my whole mind to the performance of my duties, and so rose by leaps and bounds tUl I occu pied the responsible position of assistant cashier. About this time I was unlucky enough to will a bet on a horse race. You, who have doubtless heard many siniiliar confessions, will understand what that meant. Intoxicated by my -success I went on hackiiig favourites with the inevitable t-esult;t JpQti speciallyYae^t?'| in£"T" fqundrayself wjth jlebts amounting to hwefSil hundred pounds,, wliicli must be paid 011 settling day. I ask'ecf for time,' but the books had peen hard hit, and, knowing: my/people were:,fairly well off, thought I was gobd for a certain amount of 'squeez ing.' What should I do? The one Mnfor giveable sin In my father's catalogue was gambling; none of my friends could lend , me anything like the sum I required. Ruin , stared me in the face." I know now that had I gone to my chief, kind old man! he, would have willingly seen me through my trouble, but then I feared to trust any one in the office. In the midst of my tor ture an idea suddenly burst upon me. My heart stood still, I shuddered, and leaked round s'tealtliily to see/if any one noticed iny altered appearance. * The black thought in my. brain had, I imagined, impressed its horrid reflection outwardly and visibly.' on my face. The safe stood ready to my hand; my chief trusted me implicitly; it would be for only a day or two; Black Jack must win the steeple next Saturday, and then I could replace my loan. Yes, I called it a loan, just to deaden, the stings of con science. You can guess the rest. I stole the money, and Black Jack did not win. I never could remember how I got home tbat Saturday night. There was to be an audit of our books next week, when ray crime must be discovered. My- people saw there was something wrong, but put it. down to some- boyish disappointment. They never di earned that their dear boy was a felon.' ' "Poor Mr. Blank groaned, and covered his face with his hands for a minute or two. I said nothing. The reality of tii.e pain and self-loathing in his voice had moved even me, hardened as I was by listening to many such recitals. Presently he went on:— " 'On Monday I . went to business as usual. The cheery greeting of my comrades in the office lashed me like a whip. Il.ow would they meet me in a day or two when —1 could not say it even to myself. All at once my reason returned, and I determined to do the one. tiling which could possibly save me. I went straight to .the head of the firm and made a clean breast of the whole affair. Promises from such as I were , valueless, I said; but if he would give me only one chance ] faltered .at this point, and burst into tears, hot, burning tears of shame and agony. -What a good man he was. He bade me sit down, ana soothed ■me as though 1 had been a little child. Not ; one angry word; not a syllable about mis- j placed confidence or 'future perdition. J When I became somewhat calmer, he told j me he was certain I was not naturally bad; that to such as 1 a warning such as I had | received might, perhaps, prove a blessing j in disguise; and finally sent me back to .my work with a cheque of his own in my pocket amply sufficient to square my ac count,s. Before leaving liiin, however, I sat down again and wrote a short confession of my guilt, which I handed to him, saying, "when I have fully redeemed myself in your eyes, .you can return me this." He did "not wish "to take it, but 1 insisted! The confession was worded thus:— "I, George Blank, do hereby confess that, on the —th day of May, 18—, I stole £360 the property of my employers, which 1 will repay by instalments. Signed, George Blank." j " 'In less than twelve months that con fession was handed back to me. Why, oil why did 1 not put it in the fire then and there? It seemed to have a kind of fasci nation for me, and I put it away carefully, : Time passed, and 1 at length became sole j owner of this little business. Every anui versary of that fatal day I used to take that paper out and look at it, and think with pride how well- I had deserved the \ leniency shown me. The last time I saw it was yesterday week, which, as you will j-.cte, was the —th of May. I had taken the incriminating document from my safe. ' and was sitting here looking at it, my mind busy with the days of long ago, when 1 was roused by a voice at my elbow. 11 was my messenger, not the one you saw. with a tcleciam for me. Il.ow long had he bten there.' - Had he seen that infernal confession? "I resolved to find out, aiid asked him sharply what he meant bv enter- I ing my private office without knocking. The ; man's manner convinced me that lie knew ' m* secret. He had read the confession over my shoulder. . I " ' 'You may leave my service at once,' j I said. 'I'll give you a cheque for a week's wages in lieu of notice." " 'So saying, 1 turned to get my chcquc bc ok, when the scoundi'el snatched up my confession, which I had hud face down- I wards on the table, exclaiming— " ' 'I'll take this instead of wages, Mr. ' Blank. Good day. You'll hear from me soon," and ere I could rise from mv chair he had rushed from the room. " 'I heard no more of the villain f ill yes terday, when I received from him the fol lowing note:— "Dear Sir — Will call on you to-morrow evening after the clerks have gone home. Please have £500 in gold ready for me, or I'm afraid that business of ours will fall through. "Yours, &c.;, ••MESSENGER." " 'Now, if I thought I could buy thai document for £500, or even £5,000, 1 would gladly pay that sum: but I feel sure the blackguard is too cunning to part with it. I could see that this is only the thin end of the wedge, which will in time split ■my business to pieces, and my hea.it with it. In iny distress I asked Air. Wells if he could recommend me a good detective, and he at once named you. Now you know all, can you help me? I assure you, Air. Sharpe, if you can recover this panel* for me without allowing the matter to become public property, there is nothing yon need ask for in vain which is in my power to give.' " 'I think it can be managed,' said I, The man will not be here for an hour yet. Eel me think. Ah, 1 have it. When your friend is announced, I will take up' my quarters jn the strongroom behind you. You can leave the door a little ajar, so that 1 may be able to hear what transpires. Ask the hum to state his demands plainly, and leave the rest to me.' "The hour passed without much conver sation. Mr. Blank was too ill at ease to talk, and I was maturing my plan. At last steps were heard approaching, and 1/slid quietly into the strongroom, pulling the door almost shut after me. The next mo ment our man was shown -in, and, after the messenger had retired, he at once came to business. In accordance with my instruc tions, Air. Blank asked him to state plainly what he wanted. " 'What do I want!' echoed the scoun drel insolently. 'Oh, not much, when you say it quick. Give me 500 sovereigns now, and have a like amount ready for me by this day month; or all the world shall know that tlie great, the good, the charitable George Blank is only a common thief after ail. How will your wife and ' " 'That will do nicely, Mr. ATessenger,' I remarked, as I stepped from my place of concealment; 'no doubt the money will come in handy after you have finished the fourteen years I intend to get you for blackmailing.' "His jaw dropped, and his hat fell from his shaking fingers. . Aly job was easy after 1" ~Z. I.""".*.r'..% 'Oli, for God's sake, sir, spare 'me!' lie I was going to give you the paper, indeed I vwjm;' "Oh, sir, think of my . poor wife and children!', ' .; .. • ;;rr" *' 'Stop whining, .you cur,' said I, iesist ing .with difficulty a desire to -.kick the., grovelling form bpfore-ihe, Tnrysdf wo.uld give.vou no mercy, but for Mr. Blank's sake I will make a bargain with you. • Deliver up that paper you spoke tif, and «gn aftother confession which I-shall presently place be, •fore you, and I will let you b£E this time. But take care; I will watch-you, and if I Lear one murmur of this business 111 give, you that fourteen years, as sure as my name's Sharpe.' .. . ""Of course this Was a,bit of-bluff, but it went,down all right. With trembling hand the baffled blackmailer signed, the .confes sion, which Mr. Blank made out at my dictation, after which I -accompanied him to liis home,- and took possession of the document which had caused all the trouble. I carried it bacir at once to Mr. Blank, and ' there in his office, with the aid of a wax vesta, we quickly reduced it to a, condition in which it can do no further harui. Half an hour later I left the sanctum. with another of ftlV. Blank's signatures reposing safely in my vast pocket, representing such a sum as made me wish for a similiar case every week. That's all. It's not much of a yarn, but, as'I said at the beginning, it serves to illustrate a curious^custom." " Curious indeed," I replied, "but then, you know, 'There are more things in hea—,' but' Mr. Sharpe had vanished. 'Chestnuts' are to liirn, Weary, stale, flat, and unpro fitable.' " 