THE COUNTRY. YORKETOWN, February 21. Harvest thanks giving services in connection with the Wesleyan Church in this town were held on Sunday and Tuesday, February 13 and 15. The Revs. C.H. Nield and G.E. \\\ iieatley conducted services on Sunday to ; pood congregations. Un Tuesday a tea was held in the lnstituti.- Hall, followed by a lecture on "Ghosts" l>y liie Uev. G. ii. Whuatlov. Tlie Yorkocown Urass Band, under Band master Prvor, an open-air concert on Saturday evening, and tiie selections were much appreciated. WALLAROO. February 22. Mr. Devenuh. a missionary from China, delivered an instructive and interesting lec ture in the Presbyterian Church this evening 011 "China and the Bible." The attendance was large The Wallaroo Cycle Club intend arranging for a big meeting on May 14, when a good programme will be carried out. The track has been considerably improved, and it is the intention of the corporation to have it picked up and ro-rolfcd after tbe first good rains so as to ensure a very even surface. The track is now being enclosed with a post-and-wke fence. The weather has been very not to-day and s cool change is much desired. NANTAWARRA, February 22. On Wednesday, February IC, a cricket match, 12 aside, was played un tbe local oval between the local team and one from Port Wakeficld. Thore was ;i fair number of spec tators, and the day was fine. The home team won by r>3 runt*, the Nantawarros scoring 103: \V. Young 13, O. Vppill 30. C. Kattow 15, W. Smith IC, and J. Smith 5 bein? tbe chief scorers. In lx>w]mg C. Uatfaw took five for 2X. W. Dall four for 12, and W. Smith one for nune. The Port Wakefields made rcZ, C. K. Warren 13, A. Windham 13, R. McDonald 11\. In bowling T. Smith got fonr wickets, U. Windham two wicktts, H. Wright four wickets, and ,F. Greonshields one wicket Mr. E. .!. ilerbert, president of the local cricket club, lias offered a bat for tbe batsman with tb<\- highest averase in five matches. LANGHORNE'S CREEK, February 22. The vinegrowers in Uie district are making preparations for the vintage. Sir. Frank Potts, our leading grower, states that despite the dry euminer we will have a very good yield of grapes in the neighborhood. Tbe heavy Hooding which the vineyards got from the Bremer overflow in the winter time being a splendid standby for the vises since the ! summer began. Mr. Potts has recently db | posed of 7,000 eallons of dry red wine to Mr. IT. liardy, of Adelaide, at a reasonable figure, but still much lower than could be got a few years back. The great fall is owing to so many going into the business and causing a temporary glut of tbe market. Our cricketers were defeated by Milang on Saturday. Milang made 113 (Bowden 02, a. pood innings); Langhorne's Creek, G9 (Taylor ?JS, and Cberiton 17). LAURA, February 23. We are experiencing another disagreeable visit of the beat wave. Towards the end of last week there was a cool change which it wasj hoped would continue. However, on Satur day last heat again set in and has increased in intensity day by day. Yesterday it was 111? in the shade, and this morning there is every indication of its being still hotter. Last night it was very close and oppressive. Tanks are btxnming empty, but luckily tbe many wells still bold out. GAWLER, February 22. Tbe Gawler School Board of Advise met oni Friday afternoon last, JVlr. William Dawkins presiding. The board inspected tbe water i service at the Gawler public school and saw that it was totally inadequate to supply the necessities of tbe school. For several weeks past the children have had to take water to the school or visit the neighbors. Represen tation has been made to the department bat nothing definite has yet resnlted. A new and larger service is necessary. Tbe board decided to further onir**""""" the request to tbe de partment if necessary* JSeronu non-attendance i cases were dealt with. MELROSE, February 17. A fruit soiree, at which recitations and music both instrumental and vocal were ren dered, was held in the Institute Hall on Wed nesday evening, and the proceeds, which were satisfactory, will be devoted to tbe Wesleyan circuit fund. The Key. J. Blacket occupied the chair, and Miss Annie Slee presided at the orcan. liecitationa were given by the Rev. W. H. Faull and Mr. Thomas Hawke. Mrs. Berry and Miss L. Williams sang two duets, and Misses S. Slee, Jenny Graham, M. lioper, and Mr. D. Koper contributed solos. There was a good attendance, and a very pleasant evening was spent. AMYTON, February 17. Harvest thanksgiving services were beld on Sunday in the Wesleyan Church. The Key. J. Blacket, of Melrose, conducted two ser vices and preached to good congregations. On Monday a fruit and coffee supper was beld and a public meeting, at which addresses were given by the Keys. J. Blacket, J. Thomas, and H. FaulL Songs and recitations were contributed by locml friends of the church and special music by the choir. A very enjoyable evening was spent. Ploughing has now become general. Feed is still plentiful and stock are in fair condition. HAMLEY BRIDGE, February 18. The death is announced of an old and esteemed resident, Mr. George Harvey, which occurred yesterday. The deceased, who was in his 68th year, came here with his family from the neighborhood of Angaston 30 years ago, and has resided here ever since, He leaves a widow and a grown up family of three sons and three daughters. LOBETHAL. February 18. A masquarede ball took place at tbe fining Sun Assembly-room last Friday night, and was a great success. There were rather too many dancers for complete comfort, perhaps, but everyone thorongniy enjoyed themselves. lingo's string band provided the nrasic, while Mr. P. Muiogue was M.C. An excellent supper was provided by Sir. Watkins. Tbe dresses of the ladies were varied aud attrac tive, while tbe majority of the male dancers donned fancy* attire. The erection of the institute will be begun next Monday. Messrs. Kumnick & Kroeger are the successful tenderers. The foundation stone will be laid on March 19. The weatuer is cool and pleasant, but*unfor tunately the rain hangs off. YANKALILLA, February 16. The Eev. J. Dingle, who has recently returned, after a residence of two years in Cooigardie, delivered a lecture here list night on West Australia before a good audience. Mr. King O'Malley, M.P., who is on a visit to the district, uad been asked to preside, out being unable to be present the chair was occupied by the Key. J. Trewin. Mr. Dingle in an exceedingly interesting way spoke of the physical features of the country, the most im portant industries, the liberal concessions given to farmers, but more especially of the wonderful development of the mining industry, wiiich during the past ai years had resulted in an increase of the population by over 100.000, while the gold yield for ISH7 was valued at over two millions sterling. He added that 1,000 miles of railway had been constructed, which yielded a revenue last year of ?S->l£,2i;4, and that Coolgardie and Kal goorlie. the two great mining centres, had a population of over 40,000, which was increas ing every week. Mr. Dingle also spoke of the educational and moral work r??in[T accom plished, and coiiduded by referring to tlie union of the Methodist Churches of the West. The lecturer was attentively listened to. CLARENDON, February 10. Mr. J. White, of Turner's Gully, met with an accident yesterday while working with an adze. The tool glanced from the timber-on which he was working, and struck him on the leg?, cutting into the bone. Dr. Woods vas quickly in attendance, and no serious results aiv anticipated from the accident. The long-ccuuiuued drought lias materially affcted the grapo crop; in many instances whole bunches have been burnt up on tbe vines, and tbe grapes are small. The vintage, it is now estimated, will not be up to the average. Nothing like the present season has ever lwen experienced m this locality. V^qetabit-s of any kind are unobtainable in and around Clarendon, and are procured principally from Adelaide. TARLEE, February U. The weather lias bees intensely hot during thu past few nights, the thermometer re peatedly reaching 108?. Last night a nice shower of rain fell, which has made it much cooler, though it is still close and sultry with the wind persistently east to north-east. All admit that this is the hottest summer known here for years. Water in tue township is scarce, and unless rain comes shortly there will be a water famine. The trying weather has been largely responsible for the severe illness of ffveral children, and about: a quarter of the school children suffering* from ophthalmia, which keeps them away from school, MANNANARIE, February 15. Harvest thanksgiving services in connection with the local Primitive Methodist Church were held on Sunday and Wednesday, February burg, preached twice oa Sunday to good con gregations. On Wednesday a tea meeting and public meeting were held, presided over by Mr. J. Harvie. The Rev. S. Wellington and Mr. Crereton delivered addresses. ' j Harvest operations are nearly 6nished. The | yk'ld, although not up to the appearance of the crops, has been fair. Most farmers are providing for emergencies by making good stacks of straw and gathering their wheaten chaff. Large quantities of both ttraw and wheaten chalf arc being carted from and tnrough ben- for the north. The change in the weather i." vorv acceptable. PORT AUGUSTA, February 2L The news that Mrs. Smith had died in Adelaide on Saturday morning last^ as a result of a serious operation which she underwent only a few days previous, came-as a great} shook to -her many friends, and deep sympathy is felt for Mr. Smith and the relatives. Mis. Smith was one of the oldest residents of Tort Augusta. QUEENSCLIFFE ( K.I.). February 21. The weather is cold moid cloudy and there is i every appearance of tain, which is badryneeded ias nearly aJi of the dams are dry. Mr. C. i Thompson has had to close his *ncalyptus dis ; tillery owing to his dam being dry. Farmers are carting water long distances. The grass tree gum indu?trv is again in full swing, "and is finding employment for inauy hands but more are wanted. Owing to the i bush fires the workers have to go further inland to gather the article, which means that it must soon rise ia price, or else it will not pay to gather it. A parcel of 29 tons left here by the James Comrie to-day. BULL'S CREEK. February 2L Things-are becoming rather serions in regard to the weather. There has not been rain enough at one fall to lay the dust since the first week in October, and some of the water soaks and springs are getting very low. Tanks are empty and useless until rain comes again, and as far as green feed is concerned tiiere is none except where irrigation is carried on. The grassbonpers have giveu the season best, but the rabbits aoejn to thrive. The bees have found it bard to gather a little honey, and the consumers will have to pay more for tbe article this year than they have paid for many years. Mr. W. J. Maidment. who has been suffer ing for over four years, and more acutely during the last year, returned to Ashbourn from Adelaide last week after consulting doc tors there without success, and his many friends verydeeply sympatfiise with him in the great suffering that has fallen to his lot. TARLEE, February 2L The annual social in connection with the literary society was held ou Friday evening last. Recitations, songs, games, and danring made a very pleasant evening's enjoyment. Ophthalmia is very prevalent just cow, and a number of children are away from school in consequence. The weather during the past week has been pleasant, hut it is setting in warm again now. Rain is badly needed to replenish the supply in the tanks. There is every danger of a water famine unlexs it rains shortly. SADDLEWORTH, February 21. The Lynch Family performed in the insti- tuto Hall on Tuesday evening to a moderately good house. Tfae performance was greatly ap preciated and encores were frequent- On Thursday evening tbe harvest festival thanksgiving service in connection with St. Aidan's Anglican Church was held. The Yen. Archdeacon Dore was tbe preacher, while tfae Revs. A. G. Ring, K. E. Perrin, and F_ K. YeaUnan, rector of the church, were present' and took part in the service. The sermon was delivered by Archdeacon Dove. Appropriate hymns and an anthem were song by the choir and the church was tastefully decorated. \ On Sunday week the Baptists heid their; harvest thanksgiving services, and they had a i public meeting and supper on the Monday I evening following. The services were con ducted by Rev. O. Frisbr Smith, and were well attended and satisfactory. | Our cricket club is at a low ebb. Last Saturday in a match against iliverton only nine men could be mustered on our ground. The scares were—Saddleworth CO, River ton, 74. After a couple of weeks of pleasant summer weather we are now having a spell of the ."heat wave." Last Saturday it "warmed up" considerably, and it has kerjt so ever since. BUNDALEER, February 22. Tbe anmul Bondaleer social was held on February 1G in the woolshed, lent by the pro prietor, Mr. J. \f??lin About 400 persons were present and spent an enjoyable night. The large woolstore was tastefully decorated, and a long programme of dances was gone through by the young folks, whilst for others there were various games, and refreshments were provided, and the Messrs. W. Fengelly and A. J. Cousins acted as masters of ceremonies, and Messrs. Hearne (of BeUlie), P. Casey and A. J. Kelly (of Booborowie), and J. Crowe acted as musicians. Great credit ia due to the committee with Mr. W. J. Travers as secretary. MOOCKRA, Fc!>ruary ZL After one or two distressingly hot days we were visited by a cool southerly wind, which consequently is appreciated by everybody. Flies have been almost unbearable, especially to-day. Sain is badly wanted to give farmers a chance to sow their seed. SAINT'S STATION, February 2L The annual meeting of the Preston Cricket Club was held on Friday, Febrnary IX, and tbe president (Mr. E. Fisber) occupied tbe chair. The *????""> report was read and adopted. The secretary stated that the dub had played 12 matches, won 0, lost 2, and drawn 1. T. Mutter headed the batting averages, while the ball presented by the president for lowest average fell to E. Hille brand. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year:—President, Mr. F. Fisher; vice-presidents, Messrs. A. Manley, C. H. Souter, J. J. Johnson, Jan., G. S. Kcmpe, W. T. S. Harris, J. C. James, and Richards; captain, Mr. P. Kjrkland; vice-practice cap tain. Sir. T. Mutter; secretary and treasurer, Mr. A. Fisber; executive committee, Messrs. W. FarreU, W. Mutter, G. Angel, R. Hille brand, W. Kirkland, and A. Manley ; match committee, Messrs. W. Farreli, A- Maniey, audli-KirkJand. HOLDER, February 17. A delightfully cool change has set in, and after the long spell of hot weather it is greatly appreciated. On February 925 points of rain fell, and we are anxiously awaiting further falls. The bush fires which have been raging for weeks past are now subsiding. The heat previous to the change on February 3 registered 107?, 10S?, 110", 109?, lU?, and 114" on different days. The river has been gradually rising and navigation has been resinned by the light draught boats. We hear that this stream is falling fast again at Wentworth, and if so it ia very unfortunate as we are handicapped in every way. Produce which might be shipped has to remain at Holder We also suffer through tbe irregularity of mail communica^ tion when tbe river is low. We are busy now Clearing more land and preparing for the coming seeding season, and this with the other necessary work provides plenty of employment. CALCA, February IG. Tbe weather of late has bean kbtt change able. To-day we liave experienced three changes ; it was hot in die morning, drizzly at noon, and cold and boisterous in tbe afternoon. Fanners have started ploughing and are hoping Cor a wet winter after so many dry ones. Th? annual meeting of the Calca Cricket Club was held last Saturday, when the report and balance-eheet were presented to the mem bers. Tbe former showed that the dub had won and lost an even number of games: during the year. The latter (showed a. deficit of £3 ss^ uujt in view of the improvements made to tbe oral this was considered very tatisiactory. The following officers were elected for ensuing year:—President, Mr. A. B. Smith ; vice presidents, Messrs. John A. Freeman, James Bowman, D. C. Drever, T. P. Cash, and E. A. Roberts; captain, Mr. G. H. Kewbold ; vice-captain, Mr. K. G. Freer; committee, Messrs. A. a Smith, G. H. Newbold, R. G. Freer, H. B. Duncan, A. Freeman, and D. P. Thomas; hon. secretary. Mr. D. P. Thomas; hon. treasurer, Mr. James Bowman. The annual examination of the public school was held last week, and the results were very satisfactory. The Wollomai arrived here from Port Ade laide Last Sunday night, and once again men had to become beasts of burden and carry fcha goods, about 25 tons, up the bank of the land ELLISTON, February 17. After the recent intense beat a cool and welcome change was experienced, and every indication of rain was present, but only a few drops fell, much to the disappointment of the residents. Vegetables are scarce this season, but so far we have had plenty of fruit at a moderate price. The sand is gradually drifting from tbe sandhills over the township, and in a few years it is feared that great trouble will be ex perienced ia protecting tbe houses and build ings against the drifting material. RENMARK, February 19. Stemming and grading currants and sul tanas has commenced at the {racking shed. ftrtiaJTm though picking- began last week, have not come in yet. A small quantity of dried peaches has been put op by the union of very good sample. The Murray, Darling, and tribu taries are rising now at every station, and good water is coming down. Up to 5 in. of rain has fallen in the neighborhood of Bourke and Wiicannia, and the same quantity at the head of the Murray, causing a rise at Albury of 3 ft. in two days. In two weeks or less the large steamers ought to be running; and navigation should continue open to tbe end of tbe year. The telegraph line which was burned down by the recent bush fires has been restored- Messrs. Mackenzie and Crossley repaired it tempo rarily by putting up 500 or 600 mallee poles. New posts have now been put in every 200 yards, and the intermediate ones are to be re newed later. Every third pole is to be iron, so as to prevent interruptions in the future from broil fires. BURRA, February 16. A meeting of tbe Burra Hospital Board was held on Thursday, February 10, j and there were present—Messrs. Harvey, I Killicoat, Moore, O'Leary, Pinch, Sand land, and Winnall; Mr. Lockyer sent an apology. A letter from the Chief Secretary notifying the appointment of the new board was read. Mr. Harvey was elected chairman for the year, Mr. Sandland having expressed a desire to be relieved of the duty, and a cordial vote of thanks was given him for his two years' service in that office. It was reported that owing to the large number of patients, particularly typhoid cases, it bad ' 1 been found necessary to temporarily ap point two extra nurses, and that two who load recently left tbe Adelaide HospitaLj bad been secured. Misa Nesbitt wrote thank ing the committee for having named one of the wads '?Jiesbitt ward," in appreciation of her late brother's services in the early days of the hospital, and offering die board, if agreeable to them, & portrait of her brother, to be bung in the ward named after him. The offer waa gratefully accepted. Aninspranoeof £3,300 on buildings and furniture having been effected it was arranged to deposit the policy with the Bank of Australia*. The consideration of charges for private patients in the new isola tion ward was deferred until the retnrn of Dr. Sang?ter from Sew Zealand. The following committees were appointed:—M??li?l com forts committee, Messrs. Winnall and Moore; house committee. Messrs. KiHi land. The payments were shown aa £117 Bs. lid., and subscriptions, Gebhardt Bros. £3 3s. With regard to the isolation ward at the hos pital it may be stated that this quite recent erection under Government supervision has not been an unqualified success. It is built of galvanized iron, although first- class building atone is plentiful and cheap, and the tempera ture during the day is unbearable at times. When a violent cool change occurs there is a 40 degrees difference. February 22. The Lynch Family of beUrragers last night at the institute bad one of die '*^c*" audiences seen in the Bum for a long period. Owners have reported to the police that recently they have suffered loss by die poison ing of goats, dogs on the chain, and pigs in pens. Enquiries are now being made with a view of discovering the offenders. GEORGETOWN. February 15. The death is recorded of an old resident, Mr. John Noonan, which occurred at his resi dence, Gulnare, on February 12, iv his 94th year. He was a colonist of 47 years. The deceased gentleman was bora in County Clare, Ireland, in the year 1804. He arrived in South Australia by the ship Marion in 1851, went to the Victorian goldnelds in 1852, where be was fairly successful, and returned to this colony again in the following year. He then settled down in Gumeracha, where be was en- gaged in farming pursuits for several years, re- moving afterwards to Kapnnda and then to Gulnare. where be has resided for the last 26 years. He leaves a family of four sons and five daughters and a number of Grandchildren and great-grandchildren. MEADOWS SOUTH. February a Mr. Bardett, of Paries Creek, met with a painful accident last Tuesday. Whilst cart ing hay be passed over a rut, when some of the hay fell off bringing him down with it Mr. Bartlott, who broke his shoulderbone, was attended to by Dr. Shone, of Sttathalbyn, who Get the injured limb, and the patient v now progressing favorabiy. It will, nowerer, be some time before he will be able to get to bis work again. ORROROO. February 2L Mr. Sykea, superintendent of the Port Augusta waterworks, has come here for the purpose of initiating the work in connection with the Orroroo water scheme. The work will be started at once, but only a limited number of men will be employed for the pre sent. Local residents, with the exception of two experienced pipe- joinera, wfli be con sidered first in engaging labor. —The weather still continues hot, but to-day the sky is some what overcast, and there are indications of a change. STANSBURY, Febroary 20. A public meeting was held in the Institute on Saturday to discuss the advisability of having the jetty lengthened or anew one pat down in deeper water. Mr. A. Anderson (chairman of the Fanners' Club) presided. An apology was received from Mr. W. Cop lev, M.P.. regretting Hut he was unable to attend. Mr. J. Shannon, M.P., was present, and spoke in favor of hn"7nf: the jetty put in deep water. He would do what be oonid to get the work carried oat.—We are baviztg very heavy dews, which are almost equal to showers of rain, especially for the fruit crops. These are very good in name parts, four peaches weighingonepound having been grown without irrigation. The crops have been very irregular, ranging from four bags down to one bushel per acre. The drilling with manures has been a great success on some of the land and almost a taunre on other parts.—Messrs. K. Pitt & Son have erected three limekilns in the township and are doing a. Rood trade, which is employing annmber of bauds. CLARENDON, February 19. Marry residents in the neighborhood have to resort to very indifferent well water for drinking purposes. The country generally has never looked so parched for want of rain. Large trees and tmge limbs have fallen in all parts of the country, evidently owing to the want of nourishment In travelling some of the district roads it is a very common oc currence to find the track blocked from fence to fence by some huge .stximrybark tree having fallen, necessitating the traveller going miles to reach his destination. Another result of the dry season is that hundreds of colonies of bees have died of starvation, there, being a total absence of blooms for their nourishment. Honey is exceptionally scarce. The police officer who bas been stationed here for about 11 years leaves early in March for Port Victor, where he succeeds M.C. Bluntisb. Alias Benhatn, who for some years bas bean closely associated with missionary work in connection with the Church of England, in tends to reside in Adelaide owing to her con stant ill-health. This lady will be sadly missed by the wives and families of the laboring classes in the neighborhood. A match was played to- day between teams representing Clarendon and Morphett Vale, in which the home team were victorious. 