DAYS OF DAMER. [copyright.] Thrilling HamtiYes of the Bosbrangiog Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. ? ♦— ? PERIOD, 1846 PAST IV. True tohii word the chief :i thesarvey party watched the strange retrea: in :r.e glen fur a week, bat not the slightest siKii of any human bemz, tare the members of their own party, was ob served during the whole period. At the camp absolute quietude prevailed, acd ..t length the chief abandoned the watch ana resumed h.a usual wort. u.-:ationaliy a visit would be paid to the hu:. oat it first teen, and the name — * Can Jensen ' — stared at the men in it» grim silent way. Had it not been for the thefte committed from 'he camp and the find me of the piece of corned beef at the hat', even Mtsley would have believed that the piace nad not been mn&Ditsd; since the dta:':i n! Jci.ten, and that like the paKce -,i -.he Sleeping Beauty, a speii hay. bisn thrown ov-r the locality which had preserved it from decay. About '.wo days after t.ie watch in the glen had beeii abandoned, Constable Wiilianu. of *he Mersey station. wir.n j witi.'pr ii- :::t.r (J.- musi-..n wa?a-jual one. Oi. j .-i:ni,y w« to provisi-n the c»ii:p. wti.t: on I---. ..-r.er return trip he was t-j '.a-, back th- b.ries 'i Jensen, the murderer. Dr. Sutherland, of the same place — a r.oary-neaaeo. cnminolo g:s*.- — Nad -jbtaxed liie sanction of the c.-s: w.jaid b- little or noth.n;, no demur war i.Keiy -.0 be railed. Constable Williams— who really per formed the duties of the district official — ? i: one of the oldea: officers in the pay of the government. Strance to say, he hid previously been atatK-ned 111 the S--» Norfolk district, and was »e.I acquainted with Jensen. Durfv, ai.d W.',rrall. When ti.e murder took place he had beeu one of the most active in ti.e pursuit, but hie energies were clogged by the action ? / hi? superiors who— when they concluded tht culprit had gone away in the whaler— practically ceased all act.v- operations. Williams held b'rrniy to the belief from what he knew of the former that he had not left the colony— at least, not at the lime alleged— and ai Jensen wae. not a man easily disguised, it was improbable that he had gone away at all. When the newa of the skeleton end and the photo, which identified iu- the mining murderer was brought to him, he merely said, without undue elation, 'I knew he would be found not far away. The fellow was the last in the world to trust himself amongst his own sort of people either on land or sea.' The exhumation of the remains was in a way a labour of lore to the constable, and he set upon his talk with due deliberation. He was not a hasty or impulsive man at an; time, and when he reached the survey amp of course the newa he heiird there whettedhis appetite for more . Every word about the robbery of the food, boots, and clothes was taken down and a minute description of the missing garments and footwear also attached. Then he aet off to view the retreat in the glen, and even went so far as to make a rough sketch of the hut and its surroundings. The whole statement about its recent occupation, such aa the finding of the meat and the appearance of the aahea in the natural fireplace, was committed to paper, and after spending a couple of days wandering about the locality in the vain hope of coming upun aome further facts that might aati-t him, Williams proceeded to dig up the bones, an operation which was most carefully carried out, and they were placed in the bags. Dr. Sutherland bad promised hist a handsome reward if he tout care of hia gruesome relics, and even without that incentive the constable would have done juat aa well. When the exhumation wn complete, ConsUble Williams set off for the Mersey, and in due time arrived there and handed over hia ghastly load to the delighted \- surgeon, who had them carried to his chamber of horrors and laid out in state. * Why, bless me, Williams, I'll beable to make a perfect skeleton out of this. There ia scarcely a joint missing. You havt done your work well, and m must Edwards in th': burial. I wonder who put the sheet of bark over him 1 He couldn't have done it himself before death I'm Convinced, and the blacks don't care for that tort of thing,' said Sutherland. * I've wondered myself wlio did that good office for the villain. He didn't deserve much consideration from any one. He wu a big bulking scoundrel over six feet in his stockings, and at all times ready to thrash a woman. Oh 1 I knew him,' concluded the constable as he left the room and wended hia way across to the public-house where he lived, for Williams was a bachelor, and as he was quickly nearing sixty, likely to remain so. One of the first persons be met in the \- bar-parlour wa» Mike Keenan. His party worked near the settlement, and they often went into the village. The two were acquainted, and after a few commonplaces, Williams said: * I've just brought those bones of yours to Dr. Sutherland. He (ays hia collection is nearly completed now.' ' My bones ?' answered Keenan with a laugh, for be uas in a merry mood — mellowed by some rich whisky. * Oh, \- not yet, begorra I The old doctor won't have my bones just yet. Fill Dp again there, and don't be lookin' at the empty glasses.' ' You know what I mean,1 returned the oonatable as he replenished bis glass in : an absent-minded sort of way. ' I mean the hones you found at the foot of the big tree. Jensen, the murderer; you understand.' ; 'The devil, you have I What on earth made you bring them here I Couldn't you let them lie ? Oh, faith, though I ?Iwaya knew they couldn't lie. Nothing ' haunted can lie quiet in the grave. Ob, It's coming homo to me now,' cried ' ' Keenan, plunged suddenly into deepest melanoholy. ' Haunted be jiggered. What do you meant I carried the confounded things [ in » couple of bags and along the skull over my shoulder. The bags were as j harmless as a new-born babe, and they * nearly made as much noise. How ::;-. I bones did rattle to be sure. New is.. ; us what you mean by beine haunted, queried Williams. In a deeply impressive manner Mike Keenan told hia listener the whole story of the ghost he had -een on the night which prec-dd the break-npof the camp, snd be narra'ed ;t with perfect accuracy and truthfulness. He fully concluded that th- time had arrived when others should chare hia secret besides his c-mp nntea. The bones seemed to haunt him. f.jr after he had almost forgotten abunt th™. up they tnrnaeain. Tothesuper fiuov.c man there was ^omethii e very singular and uncanny in the whoie busi ness. At auy rate, it damped bis enjoy ment for u.at night, and wh-n Williams left him shortly after he was indulging in a ud reverie. liext moraine as the constable was piieine Dr. Sutherland s h.ju-e in a very thoughtful mood, he was haiied bv the 'Come here,' cried the old man. ' I want to have a chat with you.' When Williams went over, the d'Ct«r led him into his 'specimen rojtn. as h' called a large-sired chamber which con tained scores of ghastly emblems of mortality. More than a dozen perfect skeletons were ranged round iu pnsht attitudes, wLilst there were fitulls of famous murderers, bnshransers. convicts. 4c. and weapons which had been the instruments used in manv an awful deed. The skeleton brought by the constable the nigh: previo-js was Arranged very neatly on ft table, and it was to thif that he doctor wen:. 'Tod told me last night,' he began, 'that Jensen was over six feet in height.' 'So he »as six feet one or two I sdj inches taller thin me. aid I'm five feet ten inches.' quickly amwered Constable Williams. ?Tnei; thiE isn't Jensen's skeleton at ali. y.'u've leen all barking up the wrone tree. You see there is n:-:hins all-.r all to k-et at facts in these casts. Many an iniioctnt man is punished and often the guilty escape for the want of a little intell.g-.nce and taking things for granted that shouldn't be so taken.' replied the surgeon energetically. 'How do yon know it isn't Jensen V* asked the constable. 'Because it is the ekeler/in of a very short man. In l;f« he could not Uv'e been more than 6ve feet five in height. Certait.ly not nv- re. Now, if Jensen wa* 111 feet iwii, or even six feet, this cann t be hi; skeleton. It's as plain as the 11\. .se on your face.' Kor a few momen's the constable did not reply, ana then he slowly said : ' I quite believe what you say. I've leaned a few things lately which tend to shon that the authorities may be a-lray a second time regarding Jensen. I'll make x full report of the case and send it on at once, and I'd be glad if you'd furnish me with a description of the probable sort of man the boneB belonged to. — I suppose it is not that of an aboriginal ?' 'Oh.no. It is a white man 's skeleton right enough. I'll write out my portion atvnce, and if. you come back in half nn hour you can have it. Gf»od morninc,' and the doctor snowed the officer nut. A^ the latter went towards his office his hro-.v was contracted with puzzling thoughts. 1 From whBt Keenan told me last night, and the story given by Surveyor Consi dine,' he muttered, ' that scoundrel must he alive still. If so, we'll drop acrosB him eooner or later. I wonder if he'll risk coming back to the settlements again. It looks as though he would be stealing the clothes, though he may have only wanted them as a protection against the cold and to save putting together the skina. How came that photo. ofhiB with the dead body ? I think old Sutherland must be doting. Another doctor should he called in to also have an examination of the boneB. If he bore out what the old man says, then of course we would have to believe it. There is a clue to follow up, at all events.' The papers which Williams was going to seud to the authorities « ? re already arranged, and only a short addendum had to be pnt in calling attention to the con clusion arrived at by Dr. Sutherland. This, of course, he urged, was of great importance, and he concluded by saying that placing all the faots together he ventured to submit that the murderer Jensen was etill alive and in the colony. On going over to the surgeon's place, the doctor read out to him the detailed description which he had elaborated aa to the probable atalure, Ac., of the man from which the skeleton came, nnd he ended by saying ; ' Don't you know— or rather, did you ever know— a man who would answer that description?' The constable racked hia brains for several momenta, nnd then, if by inspira tion, a thought flashed through liis mind. 'Yes, I do,' he exclaimed. 'Tom Worrall, of New Norfolk. That is his descri ption to a n ieety. He was scarcely five feet five in height, and you will reoollect he disappeared about the same time at Jensen. His partner, Duffy, and himself were supposed to have been drowned.' ? Of course, I remember. Duffy's body was fonnd a fortnight or so after being in the vcaler, bat it was so decomposed and mutilated that it was impossible to say for certain what the cause of death had been. It might have been anything from hanging to cholera. I remember it well,' replied the surgeon. ' There is a big mystery here to solve. Jensen and Worrall must havn gone away together, and, if so, it is probable they murdered Duffy for some reason or another. Then how did Worrall meet hisdeathi I suppose you can't tell that,' asked the constable. 'The bones are all right, but he might have been murdered in twenty different ways without my being able to tell. For instance, if he had been stabbed to the heart or choked, I could not tell so unless the ribs showed signs of the knife's passage. I am rather inclined to believe that the man died suddenly, nnd not ns the result of wasting disease, but there is a good deal of conjecture in that. However, if you can prove that this is the body or ekeletoD of Worrall, and I think you are near the mark, there is a big field to work in, as you say. Be must have been with Jensen or in com munication with him to get the tin box and the photo. In all probability Jensen pnt the sheet of bark over him, though I don't tee what bis motive was in lnavinn the box beside the body,' concluded the doctor. 'Oh, I can see an excellent motive in that act. If the body was ever found the likeness would, of course, come into the hands of the authorities, who would not fail to recognise it aa that of the murderer, Jensen. That would effectu ally atop all dispute and enable thu ruffian, with a little oare, to come book :-i whi'.e civilisation. That point is clear en-.u^-h to me. Yet the confounded fool wan really too clever if thai is what he [.-.' d 'tie. He bu roused a sleeping doz. S ? far as the iaw was concerned he was dead to it, aa my aoperiors have long since tiven him op as eone. That is the way criminaisecnersllyover-reach them selves. Give them rope enough and they will Lane themselves/ replied Williams. ? Bu: you forget that Jensen could not possibly know what is within your knowled.e. Put yourself in i is position and then plan an idea. You believe the poiice are still in full cry, and your desire is that they shall be thrown off the trail once and forever. I think Jensen's plan, supposing we are right in our belief, was a clever one Tne only weak poir.t in it was the improbability that the body w .old be fonnd. but I daresay he I knew what he was abont more than wt eife h;rc c.-edit for. What is your plan nowi asked Considine. ?Ju = - wait for instructions. I'll add my belief that the skeleton found is that ..;' Th mas Worrail. farmer, of New N r: k. who was supposed to have been dr.'wr.eii with hi- partner. Duffy, in the Der went River four years aeo. That s'r. 'id rouse them up,' replied Constable W:!.,iine. The same day a horseman was des patched to the Tsmar settlement with tbe details which t -e reader already knows. From there it was sent on to Hobart Town, a% most of the papers in reference to the Jensen tragedy were kept there, and it was desirable that action should be taken— if taken at all— from headquarters. Nearly a month eiapsed before any reply was received, and then £ magistrate was despatched from tne Tamar to hold an inquiry on ' Sutherland's skeleton,' as it was known a: the Mersey setlemetit. This bore out all that has already been narrated, and aft-r spending two days ;ai ir.s evidence, a volun. incus report was despatched to the capital. There was no d.i -r. the skeleton did not belong to Worrall 't b.^dy. Tnie w.s the pUt of the report, though it was himed ihai there whs presumptive evidence that Jensen was still alive. Eeenan's viei- n was trotted 'Ut nnd made to sood service, for it was shown by Constable Williams that the 'Utlaw w-uid be most anxious t' ti.ow if the tin box and its contents h^d been foucd hy those who had die c ivered the skeleton and buried it. Amongst other facts which were et*iQt;nc& f'f GrAnam. tli6 co'ik of Con tidiiK-'tcamp. This wu (he disappear ance of a cor.y if the Hobart t..wi, J/ereurjr. having a lengthy account of the undim; of the murderer Jeneen'ssk'-leton. This must have been taken 011 th* same Williams teemed to see its importance. 'If Jenaen look it,1 he argued wi:h himself, 'he must have become aware that his stratagem had worked, and not fearing the police, he would make his way back to settlement as qoickly as poemhle. Having the ordinary civilian's clothes which I.e had stolen from the camp, there would be nothing to prevent him making a start at once, and that is doubtless what he did. Had he remained two days longer at his haunt in the glen he would likely have been captured, as Mesley found ti'f place within forty-eight hours' of the robbery. The devil's children have the devil's luck/concluded the constable, and his eoliltquy ended, he proceeded about hiB routine business. In a fortnight' b time word came that the former reward of £250 offered for the apprehension, dead or alive, of Carl Jensen, for the murder of his wife, &c.;, had been doubled, but from the half, hearted way in which the authorities took the matter up, it was patent that they really did not believe themselves that there was much likelihood of securing the criminal. It was on the 27th August, 184C, that the people of the little Jlereey settlement were shocked by the news that Constable Williams had been brutally murdered within fifty yards of the public house at which he lived. A knife had been the instrument used, and, strange to say, the knife which had been left sticking in the body of the dead man was quickly identified as belonging to an assigned servant of the licensee of the public house, who was aho a rather large farmer in the district. The article could not be mistaken, for a score of people could testify that it belonged to John Southey, the name of the assigmd ser vant. Most damning of all, however, waB the fact that considerable ill-will was known 10 exist between the dead man and John Southey. The latter was a person much nbove the ordinary stamp of assigned convict servants, nnd on more than one occasion the constable had most offen sively asserted his authority apparently for the uirople purpose of showing the tremendous difference between an as sicned Biriant mid a petty constable. This was resented by the former, and at length Williams used his authority to such effect that Southey was arrested and received twenty-five lashes. His master, the publicm, aotively sided with Williams, for the constable was hie boarder, and, in fact, his best customer. As liia pocket was affected, it was little wonder the unfortunate Southey went to the wall. The convict bore deadly ?enmity to the constable after the Hogging, and hu did not take the paint, oven to conceal it. He openly avowed that if ever he was in a position to meet the constable face to face one or other of them would go down. This was an un fortunate and reckleBB way of Bpeaking, and when the murdered constable was found with Southey's knife piercing his heart it was not to be wondered at that all the people at once directed their at tention to Southey as being the actual murderer, and two hours after the dis covery of the body Southey was arrested. In fact, before the formality of the inquest had been gone through. To Be Concluded. 