FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. BT " APEMANTDS." „r laft 1 took a holiday, in other words id'from visitiug the gee-gees at Saudown |a! made one of the enormous crowd at the ; Cricket Ground on the occasion of the Austral Wheel .Race, run under the iof the Jik'lhourne Bicycle Club. It is :quite out of the common for a "horBe ' to lie able to attend any sports other on a Saturday ; and although I am iSely fond of cricket, football aud other lime.-, i«y calling allows very little sly for witnessing them on Saturday lialf- |jp. THUS 1 was on Saturday afternoon last ajkly independent critic, knowing one «iv el] the ra'-ing track, this being " little Johnny Gargurevieh," the chief clerk in the Y.A.T.C. ottice. As I never believe in backing anything that can talkj I was thoroughly disinterested throughout the afternoon, and an impartial and independent critic of the proceedings. In the first placo, I must confess to my astonishment tiiat such n very large congregation of sports (V) assembled to witness the so-called races; fancy thirty thousand present to see the battle out : And amongst these were the most holy divines, who would consider their souls imperilled by assisting at a Melbourne Cup meeting, although they will deluge the columns of the daily papers with letters on " The Ethics of Gambling," a matter on which they are supremely ignorant.. On Saturday they lent their assistance to the cycling meeting, and amongst others who also were of the vast crowd were members of the Victorian Club, members of Bowes' Tattersall's Club, and members of the Guyawhacks' Brigade. And what a roaring business was done by the fielders ! There was no lack of competition, aud the odds were just as freely called out on the asphalt in front of the grand stand—in the presence of the p ilict—as they are in the paddocks at either of the race meetings 1 am certainly no cynic in the matter of be; ting, but I do, and always have held, that where the competitors bo of the talking tribe, then the less betting the more promising the future of that particular sport or pastime. Emulation and competition amongst men are most highly desirable, and if it were not for the ambitions engendered on the sports' grounds, the mighty British Empire would not be in the position she at present is. But how much does betting improve this 1 I tail to note. The " most noble art of telf-defence " never wants admirers, but the "cronk business" introduced, owing to the heavy wagering on these events, has degraded the grand sport of fisticuffs to a degree horrible to contemplate. Foot-running has been a British sport from the earliest days, and yet it has fallen to the same level as has the " noble art," and this is all owing to the heavy wagering. Who, then, cannot foresee the .future of bicycling with the odds so freely advertised and called out? J brtieie in hitting as healthful combatting between the fielders aud the backers, and know that without it racing amongst horses would very soon be the poorest of games, but when it conies to heavy sums betted on vu.ii, t hen 1 think the line should be drawn. Especially is this the cose with the craze that has now set in for bicycle sports. The promoters were warned in plenty of time, and tliey refused to take the warning, and so the day is not far distant when they will find the goose refuse to lay any more golden eggs. And the vast crowd' is the goose. When they find men running most deliberately "stiff and dead "in the interests of better supported companions, as I most distinctly noted last Saturday, they will refuse to countenance the sport (?), and then cycling will be on a par with boxing and pedestrianisin. IT was really quite degrading, esen if amusing, on Saturday to hear the expressions of liclders and backers both. "Oh, blime, he's a dead : un, and yet had to win. 'cos couldn't get out in time." " No bally fear, mister. 3 to 1 is the best I can layyer ; I hain't got the bally favourite in yet." There were men who seemed to know everything about the competitors, those who were dead and those alive, those with chances and those without, those who carried the coin and those who were simply looking on. I saw in one instance even the " tintackiug '' business resorted to from the stand reserve to the fielders raid backers outside. Aud yet with all this going on, we are to believe that cycling is a healthy sport and one come to stay. Perish the thought! I WAS wondering how many 'isitors there were at Sandown Park, as I saw present at the sports the majority of the recognised fiehiars, whilst the usual backers in the race-paddock, who were assisting to swell the thirty thousand, seemed lobe one and all on m that huge crowd. Of course, they were backing men just as they are accustomed to back horses. They would bet on two ilies crawling up a wall. I CAN NOT say the asphalt in front of the Grand Stand was at all an eligible coign of vantage, as the seats were all crowded, aud their occupants stood up to a man, so that it was almost impossible to view a race. Even at big cricket matches I have noticed tine great defect of the M.C.C. Ground, and it should be remedied in some way or other. When I was able to view a race throughout, I thought there was n most lamentable lack of knowledge of pace amongst the contestants, and it struck me that if a Hales or a Power had taken to this pastime the great and special knowledge of pace, which in these two particularly seemed intuitive, would be of incredible assistance in such events as I witnessed oil Saturday last. It is all very fine for the cycling critics to write about the wheelmen pacing each other, but the lack of knowledge of pace ie what they one and all seem to sufl'er from. 1 HAVE noticed in English sporting papers that a very popular pastime amongst the wheelmen is polo or. cycles, and I am greatly surprised the M.B.C. does not try and vary its programme insome way, as the dull monotony of viewing a succession of similar races palls to the utmost. I remember many years ago when the M.B.C. had obstacle races on their programmes, and the relief of a laugh would now be a perfect treat. There must be some relief to the everlasting circling around the track, for a more monotonous afternoon I think I never spent than I did last Saturday, I NOTICED also the same ideas prevailing amongs the honorary and ornamental stewards that I have so frequently objected to in their cousins on the racecourses. They make no effort to descry men who are simply labelled N. 0. J. These stewards stick all about the winning-post, objects of special envy, rather than placing themselves at various points of the course whore they may be able to discern malefactors. I CANNOT say that the finishes reflected too creditably on the bandicappers, as only in one or two of the many heats were they at all close. But of course it is just possible—nay, highly probable— that a number of the competitors under silk were not striving to catch the eyes of the judge. Anyway, it looked to me as if such were the case, and I am sure in nearly every instance the "riding out rule" as we know it at horse-race meetings was most religiously ignored. THE scratching board worked on a pivot was a good institution, but in one or two heats there was a lack of attention to details. The embroglio over Scharp was no reason why his number should appear on the cards as if he were a starter in the fifth heat of the Flying Stakes, but his scratching was not noted on the board, and in the ninth heat of the Victoria Mile Beauchamp's elimination was announced at only the very latest moment, so that the punters and fielders who had been betting over Beauchamp were all abroad. By-the-bye, I would suggest that in future a very thin policeman instead of a giant be detailed for duty in the arena, as at times the guardian ol the peace who did duty there on Saturday last quite hid from view some of the details on the board. I must certainly congratulate the executive on the admirable manner in which they started the heats to time. Tni£ Ten Miles Scratch Race was, in my opinion, the ODIV event of the afternoon worth witnessing, and Walne's good judgment fully deserved the first money as well as the plaudits of liis many admirers. Although no less than thirty-four started for this event, the fielders would only offer il to 1 against the winner, and half-a-point longer against Forbes, who was third, so it shows what a science the sport has become, and what a farce handicapping is. OK very many occasions I have written anent the colours used on the racecourses and the list of "owners' colours" published by the V.R.C. in its official calendar. The cyclists altogether put racing men in the shade with their jackets, and there were some really pretty and attractive colours borne by the riders. Race-liorse owners might well copy the cyclists in this matter, as the colours were so distinct, and also distinctive, that there was never any difficulty in picking out the riders. The executive of the V.R.C. should certainly form a sub-committee to deal with the aolour difliculty. A FKIEND on whose word I can rely tells me that the sport and the attendance at Sandown Park were on a par—poor, and this is to be greatly regretted, but with the extortionate railway charges it is not to be wondered at that so many preferred the cheap visit to the III.B.C. Ground to enriching the Railway Department. And special sympathy has to be accorded to those grounds that had to run against such a strong counter attraction as Sandown Park had to encounter on Saturday last. And as an example of , what a big counter attraction may mean, I may note that whilst at Sandown only 39 horses started for the six races, no less than 83 went to the post in Adelaide, that " holy place." But even the Adelaide Racing Club's total altogether paled into insignificance when the Rosehill meeting is considered, as for the live events on the programme no less than one hundred and thirty- five horses went to the post, whilst stall tickets for 160 were issued. My lieutenant says that the Trial Handicap was never in douht, as the top weight, Glendale, who went out favourite, never gave his opponents a ghost of a show, Kilkenny securing the fiver for second horse. Naioth, in the Hurdle Race, beat a very bad pair in the inconsistent Heron and the unready Castilio. Blue Vest started favourite of the trio in the Suburban Handicap, the others being Tullamore, who has not carried silk for many a day, and Readiord, who retired from odds on to points against hiin. Robin just stayed too long for May Day in the Sandown Park Handicap, the latter being beaten by half a head, and just missing her first victory for very many a day. Hyena pulled hi6 backers through in the Steeplechase, and Miss Carbine retrieved the good reputation she lost the previous Saturday at Epsom by easily winning the Welter Handicap. I HEAR that Alfred Hearn, who has been so long identified with Filgate's stable, is now engaged with Walter Hickenbothaui. Hearn is such an exceedingly capable horseman that with his fresh opportunities he is bound to have a good record, and, moreover, when Hearn is known to be in the saddle there is never such a question raised as " Is he on it?" I NOTICE that La Reine, who was the cause of death to poor Jack Laverty, annexed the Welter Handicap at Adelaide on Saturday last and paid a divvy of £12 3s. The other dividends paid during the afternoon were £'2 JOs. over Prairie Boy in the Hurdle Race; £17 18s. to the backers of Thunder Queen in the Anniversary Handicap ; £35 18s. the supporters of the Steeplechase winner, Bubble, had as their dividend ; Buccleugh, who annexed the Turretfield Stakes, paid £5 18s. and Tranquillity, who secured the Burnside Handicap, had the best dividend of the afternoon, viz., £38. These were nice little prices, and those who follow the system of backing every horse starting during the day would secure a good return. No less than five-and-forty nominations have been received by the V.R.C. for the Standish Handicap, to be run on 2nd January at Flemington, whilst there are seven-and-twenty for the mile-and-half Bagot Handicap, but only fifteen for the two-year-old Criterion Handicap. Of course, these entries show up very poorly indeed in comparison with the monster nominations for the Sydney events, but the V.R.C. apparently has given up these dates to N.S. W., as they do not cater to the same extent as do the northern clubs. ON Saturday afternoon the Williamstown club will ask for the patronage of the racing public, and of a verity it will receive it, as this course is always popular, but more particularly so in hot weather, when the heat of the sun's rays is tempered by the seabreezes. Mr. Vowles has eightysix entrants to engage his attention, and accordingly I shall prophesy a fair afternoon's sport. ME. TOM MOULE has received some excellent entries for the Boxing Day meeting at Caultield, and so has Mr. Archie Cox for the reunion at Moouee Valley on Xmas Eve. No less than 133 are entered for the V.A.T.C. event, whilst for Moonee Valley Messrs. Dakin Bros, will have to handicap 110 horses. MATTERS in the equine world have been for the past month at the very pitch of dulness, but with the Christmas and New Year's Day meetings before us, we may reasonably anticipate a spark of liveliness. I shall accordingly next week be able to give a note or two concerning the deeds of the steeds on the training tracks, but at present such details would be simply a waste of space. 