The Barton-Smith Contest. OPINIONS AMONGST MEM BERS. Mr. Sydney Smith's candidature is exoiting lively comment in political circles, says tbe ?' Evening News.' On the Opposition side of tbe Houbo it is of course strongly condemned,) and he is Baid ' not to havo the ghost of a show.' Ministerialists, however, look with ap probation on the move, and are rather confident of victory. Tbey are already beginning to talk of Mr. Barton as being 'politically defunct,' and consider that he will even have to retire from the position of ' leader outside the House.' There iB no doubt that if Govern ment influence oan secure the seat for Mr. Smith it will be freely exercised. Rimours are already afloat of the lengths Mr.. Yosng is prepared to go in this direotion. It is also stated that steps are being taken to flood the electorate with metropolitan newspaper literature favorable to the Government and Mr, Smith. While the wires are' being ener getically pulled in favor of Mr. Smith, splendid reports are being received of Mr. Barton's prospects, especially from the Kerapsey district, the vote of which usually rnles tbe result of the poll. The only danger is that the forces now work ing against the federal leader may be held too cheaply. ' The good Mr. Sydney Smith has done for the agrioultnrists,' etc., is put forward .as a likely factor in securing votes for that gentleman amongst tbe farmers of the Hastings and Macleay. But several members of Parliament Btate that if the electors of that constitu ency only were to see the stud cattle Mr. Smith imported from England they would have their donbts on tbat point. Two of the heifers are alleged to be Bome 12 years old, the rings round their horns being carefully filed away. It is also said that one of the cows would doubtleBB be a good milker had she the requisite num ber of teats. As it is she has only two. Several other cows are stated to show every appearance of having attained a ripe old age. Altogether the importa tions are a source of great amusement to members who have seen tbem. ' Made j in Germany' is said to be written all over tbem. Mr. Cook's administration of the department is also coming in for criticism. Members are wondering why, seeing that hundreds of young men born in the colony are unable$jjto gain admit tance to the experimental farms and col leges, Mr, Cook should now propose to make room for a dozen or so of young men yearly. They say that the electors of the Hastings and Macleay should endeavour to elicit information on this point from the Government representa tives now canvassing their distriot for votes. Next to what is. called ' the mean ness' of the Government in opposing Mr. Barton, Mr. Young's action in going to the electorate with Mr. Sydney Smith and his intention to remain there until polling day comes in for moat criticism from members. So strong is their feeling on thiB point that there is some talk, of calling tbe Minister for Works to account for his action in the matter when he returns. Speaking to an ' Evening News' representative to day, Mr. Lyne characterised the pro ceedings of Mr. Young as iniquitous. He thought it unprecedented for a Min ister of the Crown to neglect his parlia mentary and departmental duties to en gage in an electioneering campaign, especially on behalf of an ex-Minister who had already sustained one crushing defeat. He isj surprised that the Pre mier can countenance such a course. Mr. Lyne also thinks that the Premier's excuse for opposing Mr. Barton, namely, because he instigated the motion of censure, is worse than no excuse at all. In any case, Mr. Lyne says that Mr. Barton was not the instigator of that motion. He was only consulted in the matter. There is no donbt that the Hastings and Macleay seat will influence tbe de bate in tbe House, making it livelier, longer, and, perhaps, more acrimonious than would otherwise have been the ooee. The result of the poll will have an effect on the division lists, as it is now antici pated that the election will precede tbe division. In reckoning on ajmajority of twelve or fifteen, it is stated that the Government must be inolnding a num ber of chickens whioh will never hatch. It is believed they have obtained pro mises, of support from both Mr. M'Langh lin and Mr. Meagher, and it ia stated that they also confidently rely on Mr. Terry, that gentleman being invited to most Government funotions, particularly to pleasant littlo picnios down the har bour. No otber desertions ' aro anti cipated from the Opposition, and there are counterbalancing rumours of de fection amongst tbe Ministerialists. 