TWO JOCKEYS. A -CONTRAST. If you want to see his highness, James Todd Sloan, you must telephone all morn ing, for Prince Todd Sloan does not riBe till noon. Then, if you insist upon an appoint ment, you may hare the privilege of being received by the diminutive Prince of Jockeydom in his apartments at the Bald win. If You yearn for "Long-Shot" Conley's acquaintance, all that's necessary is to signify your wish. Conley will call noon you or he'l! come to the door of the little room at the paddock out at the Oakland race-track, where the jockeys are penned in and watched. The difference is the difference between the man who has arrived and the one who's on the way; between a salary of 12,000dol. a year ana M)e-fifth as much, say; between Jk\great reputation in Racetown abroad and a modest one in Racetown at home. > "^lie figure of a elight, short boy, the foot .of -a danseuse, the face of a man of, at least, 45-this is the great Todd Sloan, the 109-pound idol of the race-track. "It's all been told before/' he tells you wearily, striking a match with his jewelled fingers and lighting a Trage .cigar. "It's been told over ana over again in all the papers all over the world. I ve seen the as sociated press reporters and told it all to 'em, and -and " And words failing he sucks at his big cigar for consolation and comfort in this agonising moment of interviewing.^ His voice hfis not a particle of animation, the corners of his mouth droop complain ingly, and his pale little face beneath his - sleek black hair is discontented, and woe fully blaeg. "It mu3t bore you dreadfully," I sug gested sympathic-ally. "Well, it does," replied the little great man, lifting a foot over his knee. 1 Such a tiny, shapely foot, with its arched instep and aelicate-hued sock revealed by the tan ties, cut low on the side like a lady's "Diane." I've been riding nine years," he went on. "No, it ain't long. I kuow men of 60 that ride. An' I intend to ride all my life. There's pleasure in riding, but there's danger, too. I've been in accidents five or six times. Some take their excitement one way, some another. I know men it would be like taking away sunlight from, if they couldn't bet on races." It's a long speech for so short a man, and it's delivered in laconic grunts. Not his big cigar, not even his pretty foot, which he caresses with that beringed small hand, can soothe Prince Todd into loquacity. "Fm going to be here 'bout six weeks," he vouchsafes. "I'm going shooting. Then I'm going back East to work." It doesn't matter of what he 'peaks, whether of work or play. The princeling of the racecourse is always bored. At 23 the penalties of gi catness weigh heavily upon this mannikin. Ennui, the.curse,.of royalty -whether of jockeydgflffr^Kwxyher&r-has; seized upon Jame^ToM'Sfen,, prince "-fey grace of the paucity orTiis inches imd the quantity of his fldfarB. -- Let it be a lefesoni to us? wjjofce; 6l$scurity j would make us lojjg -for fame! / I With "Long-Sb^jc'vlpanley, on the othef I hand, the world iB.' i'at a -suckejtflut orange. He takes hnnlseu v«ry-*Sriously, [ does this dark rival of the great dapper little "Todd." His black face-he is very black-has all the dumb tragedy of the negro face till he shows his white teeth in a grin that changes tragedy to farce. But lie doesn't see much to laugh at, though his seriousness is the stolidity of immaturity, not the awful 23 year-old disillusion of that man of the world, James Todd Sloan. I But Conley laughed when he and "Our Climate"-Conley pronounces it "Ah Cli mate"-flew by the Prince of Jockeys on Wawona. And the memory of his grin is cherished out at the Oakland track, when a second time the modest ebony jockey out stripped the famous small blue-sleeved man whose reputation is as great among English noblemen as it is among American com moners, who speak and understand the jargon of the race-track. I saw Conley out at the paddock, where the soft, loose earth around the horses' stalls gives one the ghost of that old memory of exhilaration you felt when your feet touched the floor of the circus in olden davs. The negro jockey is a graceful little fel low in his white suit, hooped about with maeenta, and his green silk cap. "Yes-yes, ma'am," he 6aid, unconscious of his pretty pose there in the doorway, "Sloan, he had the favourite. Yes, ma'am, bofe times he rode the best horse. May W. Now she was a clinch, they thought." "A what?" "A moral, you know." I didn't, but I was ashamed to admit it. "When we lined up that secon' time, ma'am. Sloan he was ahead o' me an' I come last, it was jes' a six-furlong sprint, but when we'd got three-quarters done, I went pas' him and won." "Did you say anything as you pawed?" "0, we didn't say nuffin to each other. He idon* know nie, ma'am, said Conlev modestly. "I-I know him"-even a black .catunay look at a jockey nrince-"I see him las''year on th' track. I knowed I'd beat him when we started. Th' boys, the other jbekeys," Conley nodded his head toward the inside of the room on whose threshold he stood, "they heard so much 'bout him, they don* think they can beat him." Conley is a little vague about his ate. He's 'bout 23, he tells you. But he speaks posi tively enough with all enthusisara about his riding. When he talks of horses, one under stands what the race-track reporter means by describing Conley's way of riding as "hand and foot style." When Conley rides,: so they tell you at the track, be rides with every fibre of his body, as thouch all his soul were in the race. Prince Todd, though, is made of different mould. Perhaps this is "why the crowd out at Oakland's track re joiced in the darkey's triumph. "Wha, ah've been riding, says Conley, "cvah since ah was a little fellow no higha'n that," and he puts out a t>ink-|>almed black I hand a few inches below his nresent height. "Ah used t' ride at Sohtoga, but ah got kin*; o' bothered an' tlidn' want t' ride any mo, till 'bout- two yeahs ago, when I began to ride long-shot homes, ma'am. Don' know what's iong-shotlr Gonley's white teeth showed. 4Tjong-sh6t bosses ha* long odds 1 agen 'em. Tha e why ah'in 'Long-shot Con ley.' " : ? "Do yon^hink if you were mounted upfon as good a horse as he you could always l)eat ; Todd Sloan?" Blofcn's rival fcrmled and then grew very I serious. .. I "Well-well, he wouldn' beat me," he said | boyishly. ."Air taxow 1 MichelBon, m "^uFraiicwco 