MINORITY IIULIF. Mnl. ETron,--It ie acknowledged by both parlitL to thebo strggle, that the greatest fareo ever witnoesed, ever known, or over beard of as being imposed upon a free people, was played off upon the olectors of bthis oluoy In the most glaring manner imaginable on referendum day, June 8r 1898. When Now Booth Wales entered into a oovenant with theo other colonie to federate, and agreed to send delegates to cneonntlon to prepare a conotilution for the government of Australia, the terms of neoeptunoa or ratifila. lion of noch a constitution hbould have been a majority of votes onot in its favor when submitted to theo people. Irliamenot, how. over, by a majority, imposed a minimum of 80,000 votes, or a o'ear majority of a larger number than that stipulatod should be cast against it. This was an agreement under whiob w we nt into theo onvention, end like mon taking up a contract, expecting the con ditions to beo honorably adhered to and faith. fully enorird out. Nm, Mr. Editor, by what rule of reaooning -eubject to good government, on any honor able man defend the breaking of this contract agreed to and entered upon by the legislatour of thi country. A contract, although the imposition of that 60,000 by the power of a majority was a branch of the rules of demo. crsoy, yet we went into tihe work tnder it, the contraot was thereforo noored and bindirg upon the country. To preservo tho public' faith of the country is the greatest honor of parliament; and to foilbfully dieohargo the conditions of a contract, ongage the highest morals of man. But thins ontract has been brobon after wo had entered upon the work, and now and impossible conditions im. posed by adding 60 per cent. to he number stipulated, although sternly opposed by oaeon elderablo number of membero of the honse. This, air, is looked upon by a majority of the keltore no a encrilioo of public faith and morels, as dtolared by the vote of June last. Federation in eoepted by tbe proplo notually caoepted by a vote of 71,412 In itn favor, as against 65,054-a nlear majority of 6458; yet ourne opponentl, tbo anti-billiten, say this minority moat tiule. Looking at thli broad principlen of popular govertnmout-I say popular government-be Orione moajrity rule is popular government or government by the people; ibut when this principle is otratgled or trampled nridor foot or nullified, as oane hoe on Juone lrd, what respect do we pay to tite voioe of the people ? The voice of tire people in tile voino of tho majority, and the government who can calmly witness this injuitiaon without speedily oupplying a proper remedy is not the govern. mont qf the people. It will hbe theo duty of the eleolore to inquire into this anomaly. If the majority are to be raled by tile minority in this onlighteond ago it will be worse than Egyptian bondage, and a Misor most be found to deliver Israel from thie hands of Pbhannoh. Whne no ooheidsr the many ePona brought to light by the late rsotlion inoonslatent with ltable government, it in only reaonuable to expect vast changon in tih near future. The memberl of tho executive government, with ono or too exooptione, are aganlst tre Comrn mouwealth Bill ; but the people of thi country they govern are in favor of it. Tie throo leaders of the three political partito in parliu. ment are against tie bill; but the people they lead are in favor of it. Tho majority of momhern who now represent the colony in parliament have voted against tire bill; but the majority of the people they represent have voted In favor of it. The real leaders of thi people, with two or throo exaoptiono, are outnlde parliament, viz., MoenrP, Barton, Ii. E. O'Onuoor, Oar. inthere, Bruce 8mith, Wie, anod Walker, &to.; This forms on interesting picture of popular governmont, and in on object lesson for the people. Anobher strong argument in favor of the bill in the conversion of a unmber cf our own citizena on bhe ovn of theo leotion, the result of the laoid, reasonable, and explicit oxplnun. lion of the antunl principles of thi bill by Dr. Bovan and Mr. Barton, who ohaned away tebo ghosts and bogies that had been looally not up to frlighten the unthinking. Those convrrte nil belong to tho intelligent oiaos who think for thomoelves, and who from stroong eon viotlons declared for united Australia under the Commonwealthl Bill. Goulbnrn, 0/9161/98, T. IIUXTABLE. 