The Catholic World. NOTES AND NEWS INTERESTING TO EVERYONE, IN ALL QUARTERS. On April 24 the Holy Father held a pub lic Consistory for the purpose of conferring the cardinal hat on Cardinals Herrera, Coullie, Labourd and Sourrieu, whose nomi nations had been published in the Consistory of April |19, 1897. For the purpose of this oeremonial- the above-mentioned Cardinals at 9,30 a.m. on Thursday repaired to the Sixtine Chapel, where they took the cus tomary oath. The Holy Father had mean while descended to the Hall of the Vestments to.put on the sacred robes. Attended by the Cardinals and ecclesiastical dignitaries and by the members of his Pontifical household, he thence passed through the Ducal Hall and proceeded to the Aula Regia, where ha took his place on the Throne. The solemn ceremony then began. * ? * The new Cardinals, entering the hall, paid homage to the Pontiff and were em braced by him. They were then embraced by the other members of tho Sacred College and were assigned the positions which be longed to them in accordance with their dignity. Approaching once more the throne they received, with the customary formali ties, the Cardinalibial hat from the hands of the Holy Father. ? ? « ** During this ceremony the Consistorial Advocate, Count Guarna, pleaded for the third and last time the cause of beatification of the venerable Joan of Arc. The Promoter of the Faith thereupon claimed that die cause should be sent before the Sacred Congregation of Rites, and the Holy Father in response to this claim pronounced the formula: 'Ad Sacram Nostram Congrega tionem Rituurn quae videat ac referat.' The Sovereign Pontiff now left the hall, and the Cardinals processionally proceeded to the Sixtine Chapel, the Pontifical choir in toning the 'TeDeum.' A ? secret Con sistory was shortly afterwards held in the Consistorial Hall. ? ? ? ' o A sitting of the Sacred Congregation of Rites was held last month in the Vatican, when decisions were rendered on the follow ing points :— 1. The fulfilment of the decree of Urban VIII. regarding the abstention from oultus in tho case of the Venerable Vincenzo Romano, parish priest of Her culaneum, and the correctness of the pro cedure with whioh his cause had been prepared for presentation to the Saored Congregation. 2. The non-existence of oultus in the case of the Venerable Michael Le Nobletz, missionary priest of the diocese of Cornwall. 3. Likewise in that of the Venerable Mariano da Rooca Casale, O.S.F. 4\. The validity of the procedure foi the beatification of the Venerable Frangois Marie Libermann, founder of the' Society of the Holy Ghost, and of the Immaculate Heart of Mary. 5. The. validity and value of the procedure in the case of the Venerable Bartolomeo Dalmonte, founder 'of the Pious Work of the Missions. ?. ? * His Grace Archbishop Ireland gave an ad dress on Maroh 11 at the University of Notre 'Dame, Indiana. He said ; ' I am sure that the spirit of religion and patriotism that dominated Notre Dame in 1861dominates it in 1898, and should there be war I will take it upon myself to say, without consultation, that the response ab .Notre Dame would- be to show Amerioa that she would send her priests as chaplains and, so far as years would permit, her students assoldiers.' Arohbishop Gross, of Oregon, has issued a letter ordering prayers for peaoe, but stating that in case of war it would be the duty of Qatholiostosup port the Government. ?*' « ? * The painfully sudden ckath of the vener able Reotor of St. Joseph's, Darwen (Eng.), is announoed. The Rev. Fathei wan found dead in bod. Father Vandenweghe, a Belgian by birth, was educated at ' the College of St. Sulpioo, Paris, and has been labouring in Darvvon for the- past forty years, where Jie has built a beautiful stone Gothic Ohuroh and haudsome schools, although his parishioners are almostly on tiroly composed of the working class. The dooeasod was a member of the Darwon School Board, and was greatly beloved by all the inhabitants of tho borough. The wholo town was pruobioally in mourning, and business almost entirely suspended. It has a distinctive note, and a themo apart, and is making itself heard amid the other voices that are now speaking from Paris pulpits. It is tho voice of tho Rev. Pore Auriault, S.J., who, for the subject of his Friday Lenten conferences at Notre Dame, has ohosan ' Tho Action of tho Blessed Vir gin in Individuals and Nations.' On tho FoaBtoftho Annunciation, tho 'oouferon- oier,' treating that parkof his subjoab whioh doals with this action 'in its social and national bearings, indulged his hearers with a glowing eulogium of tho soapular of Mount Oarniel, Alluding to its origin, he showed a man of God, St. Simon Stock, praying for mercy upon Binnors, and receiving for answer tho revelation of tho brown scapular, with the promise that those who wjore it should never know the pains of hell. ,?'?.?? ? ' Unbelievers may laugh at this small square of brown cloth,' said Pero Auriault, ' but we wear it as an ornament and a weap on, andj ab the pame time, as a shield against the attacks of the devil. It i3, so to speak, Mary's sacrament. In showing her to us all powerful in supplication, ib, at the same time, opens before our vision infinite horizons of Divine love. Priests, see that the faithful of whom you have charge wear the soapular of Mount Carmel. Mothers, arm your sons with ib in order to make them strong for the Christian fight, and your daughters in order to keep them pure.' ? ? ? The washerwomen of Paris are not con sidered to be the most respectable class of the community, the lavoirs on the Seine and elsewhere being, on the score of morality, amongst the worst schools for young women. Things seem to be better in this respect at Lyons, .where an association known as the Society of Washerwomen comes immediately under the eye of the Archbishop of Lyons, Cardinal Coullie. There have lately been meetings between his Eminence and this band of laundresses. Cardinal Coullie has been to see them, calls them his 'chores fillos,' and urges them to be apostles among their fellow- workwomen, even while em ployed in bhe use of fiat irons and rolling pins. For some reason, explainable no doubt by the initiated, Jeanne d'Arc the Venerable has been chosen as a patron of washerwomen. ? ? ? A discovery of great importance to Canadian history has just been made at Quebec among the old manuscripts in the archives of the archdiocese. Vicar-General MaroiR, while going through these the other day, discovered a document in three parts, written in 1672 by Pere Francois de Crepieul, a Jesuit missionary who spent part of his life among the Indians of the Saeuenav region. Historians have believed in the existence of this document because of allusions to, and extracts from ib, bub no trace of it could be found until how, though ib was frequently and diligently searched 4 for. News of the discovery was at once sent by Monsignor Marois to the Burrows Brothers' Publishing Company, now engaged in bringing oub a translation of the ' Re lations des Jesuits.' ' J- ' ? ? ? [ The Marquis de Mun has died at the age of 90. He was the father of the Deputy, Aoademioian and Revivalist, of the Abbe de Mun. His sons inherited from him an ardent love of Catholicism and philan trophy. ? ? » Although the celebration of the silver jubilee of the conseoration of the Archbishop of New York will not occur for some time, great preparations have already been made for the event. , , . ? ? ?' M. Leon Harmel, the energetic Oatholio manufacburer of Val-des-Bois, is organising another pilgrimage of French working-men to visit the Eternal City. Active prepara tions^re being made for the reception of pilgrims. M. Harmel hopes to have with him no fewer than 20,000 pilgrims, and expeots to arrive with the first contingent of them early in the month of August. The Holy Father is much pleased ab the renewal of these pilgrimages, himself surrounded by large bodies of workingmen. ? ? ? His Eminenoe Cardinal Vaughan, who has been staying, at the College, Mill Hill, by the express wish of his medioal advisers, and who has derived rauoh benefit by his residence there, is now permitted to visit Archbishop's house, Oarlisle-plaoe, S.W., and remain there eaoh week from Saturday until Tuesday, when his Eminenoe returns to Mill Hill. It was expeoted that the Cardinal would, in a month's time, be able to resume the aotive discharge of his duties. A couple of Turkish soldiers stabbed to death with their bayonets a 'French Catholic priesb ab Volo, apparently out of angor at his having sung the lt Te Deum' in thanksgiving for the esoapo of the King of Greece from assassination. Tho Frenah Government at once telegraphed instructions to its respresentatives at Athens and Con stantinople. « ? * * . ?? The Very Rev. Edward Douglas, C.SS.R., died last month at the Central House of the Redomptorist Order in Via Merulana. Father Douglas, was in his 80th year, and half of his life had been spent in Rome His priestly zeal as well as his unlimited charity towards the poor and the suffering had gained for him a large circle of devoted friends and clients. The Requiem Mass and funeral ceremonies were attended by a large gathering of ecclesiastics and laymen. Father Douglas was buried in tho vault of the Redemptorisrs Fathers at tho Campo Verano Cemetery. 