COMPLETE STORY. [PUBLISHED BY 6PECLLL AJUUNQElCGfT.] GOD'S MANY WAYS, "IOTA" {UES. UAKXIKOTOX CAFFTN), Author of "The Yellow Aster,'* &c.;, &c.; |_C0PTBiairr.] tired brain fine hot day in Sunday school, as she sat among the reek of young Christians, with a lamp in the cushion sticking into her un faappy body. She found herself the minute after assuring a sharp nosed boy, with lean shanks, that Goliath possessed six fingers and six toes—a statement he most strenuously contradicted. She was forced to gave in to facts, and to awardliim top marks,..also a card with violet roses, and a text on it for behaviour. It had always beou a fag for Barbara to train down to necessity, but after this mis adventure, the position of parson's daughter seemed to her more barren and unsatisfactory even than it had previously done. It had now an added touch of ridiculousness and a Bort of pigmy incompetence; and she found herself in her cruises around the parish ever lastingly dropping upon the long-nosed boy who never failed to remind her of her lapse, in ono large, benevolent glance. Tho heavy pendulum of dull routine seemed to her to rock to and fro in the very brain of licr, and with a dull precision that . drove her fairly frantic. It was the dearest little vicarage, and the church dated from the first Edward's time. It had an adorable old red-tiled roof, and was full of old stone Crusaders, carved in the superb noble simplicity of the times, when sculptors worked under the tangible shadow of ' God's wings, with a fine KJnoroos Latin prayer iu their hearts, and in their eyes sweet mys teries. We were all sorry for Barbara, but we were nearly always abroad, or in London, and Barbara being^tbc only one could not be spared by the old people. They were really not old people at all, and Mr. Marraolf had been a double first man, and a scholar of distinction, bat both he and bis wife hud so grown into the life of the church and the village, that they wanted nothing beyond, cxccpl an odd antiquarian. ~ She managed it all right with the old people, but her grandmother Hilliard, who lived in a cottage out of a picture book in the i village, aud whose blue riuun was an idyll, Jiad to be propitiated. Her mother had been an ''honourable," j and her grandmother the Lady Alicia, and j being herself thus bitched on, so to speak, to | the aristocracy, riiehad a hereditary right to! consider conventions. { The idea of the paying guest had therefore to be carefully dressed, aud put delicately before bcr, or she would undoubtedly have put down her foot. The correspondence, however, she bad pronounced eminently • satisfactory. Miss Julia Dene's reference#! were unexceptionable, altogether among the higher clergy, a bishop, a dean, and a canon (not minor) took the lead, and there was a delicate, dUtant allusion to a lord, but he was in Turkey at the time, and unavailable. Mrs. Milliard, however, dwelt with pleasure upou his existence, even though in bodily presence be was far removed from her earthly vision. Barbara made anxious, careful preparations for her inponation, when she was not driven by her duty hither and thither amongst the villagers.. No girl created of God ever clung to her duty more patently than did Barbara. It was a fearful tiling to watch in her The cease less conflicts between her conscience and her luordiuato desires. When she called on her grandmother on \- her way to Lite station to fetch Miss Dene it struck the old lady strongly that Barbara did credit to her honourable and deceased pro genitor. "I recommend you, my dear, to keep to pink gingham during the summer months," she said, surveying her benevo lently. "It's a good wholesome colour. Those faded blues and greens h»ve. to my ■ mind, an apologetic air, ax though one were entreating grace for one's complexion. A girl owes it to herself to be straightforward and assured even in the choice o£ her colours, to avoid indofmitencsses aud subterfuges ; either white lies, my dear, or confessions of failure." When Barbara got to the station, she nude over the pony to aboywitha wooden leg, who undertook such oSoes permanently, and waited on the platform for the down train in a little simmer of excitement. Was she old and dry ? Would she join forces with the old people, and leave her to her busy solitude? Had she, like the others forgotten the very meaning of youth ? Was the, on the contrary, alive still, every bit of bcr, that is, not only those dull parts, that daily use still forced life into'( Was she by any chance—could she be a creature on whom one could pour out some of the overflowings of the foolishness of one's heart? Barbara came back to the world to find the train in the station and not a sign of a pat ing guest anywhere to be seen. She ran up and down peering into the carriages, and was left at last on the platform gasping and alone. "This xrnn the train. cprtainU*." &. This was the tmin, certainly," she thought, " what can hare happened ?" She turned to go to the dogcart, when suddenly she caught sight of the back of a tall man in knickerbockers, with a notable pair of calves, talking to the solitary porter at the other end of the platform. She had never seen anything the least like him at that station before, and it struck her she had better begin to resign herself to sur prises, so when he wheeled round and asked her in the pleosantM voice in the world if die were Miss Barbara Ma-rahle, she ad mitted her personality with admirable cool "Ton dou't expect me, I see," he said. 'Didn'tyou get Miss Dene's letter?" "I got a letter qn Monday saying she would be here by this train to-day; nothing He laughed. "Just exactly like her," he said. "The letter is no doubt in h'T pocket, or she has sent it to the parson's instead of her subscription to his latest society. I'd better tell you who I am first, and then throw myself on your charity. I am Miss Dene's nephew. I came up from Oxford yesterday to my mother's house, to find it occupied with measles from third story to basement, and my aunt sitting on her trunks in the hall ready to keep me off the premises, waving a ther mometer instead of a fiery sword. She had arranged everything, she said, in a most satisfactory manner. She had herself been going to stay with some dear people in a most delirious country vicarage, and they would be kind enough to receive mo instead of herself until we could all look around us. I had to get quietness, and at once. Miss Mumble. I have an awful exam, ahead of me, which must be passed, and so for the first time in my existence I trusted uncon ditionally to my erratic aunt, and here's the result. .London lodgings this time of year would be the death of a place, to say nothing of honours. Will you take me in ? I'm a quiet creature, warranted not to drink or read in bed, and to smoke only in the gardeu; and ""swear to you, by anything you like, that not in the very remotest degree musical." There's no train- till to-morrow," she said at last in her soft, low voice, half sad, half eager. " You must come to ua now, at any rate. The inn, if you want quietness, will he impossible." "Did you come instead of your aunt?" he asked, as soon as they got out of the hands of the lame boy. "I haven't an aunt in tbe world," she said, astonished. Hung it all," bethought, "Ihave." "I'd better," he said, " once for all explain to you my Aunt Julia Dene. Her imagination, Miss Marroble, would have been'fortunc and fame to her if she had turned it to literary uses, or to (he composition of advertisements. As it is. it's au instrument of torture to her friends. She weave* romances about every incident in life, and forthwith accepts them as facts Consequently, for the mast truthful woman in tbe world, she's the biggest liar you ever came across. She gave me a full and free description of ML-s Barbara Mumble—a nice, notable person, not a day younger than herself, and you couldn't tell their hand writings apart." ' Oh," said Barbara, with her yellow pink blush. "I do write the most antiquated Italian hand. There's nothing modern at all about any of us." That's a comfort," he said. " I have a passion for antiquities." "Have you," she said sadly. "You can gratify your piission to the full in our house. Our church, our pari>h, ami, to it great extent, my father and mother exist only for the convenience of ant:qui*ie& and anti quarians." Presently she came upon the sharp-no*cd boy, who grinned volumes. •' That's for my sins," thought Barbara, " for driving round by the lane to elude grandmamma's eye." Mr. and Mrs. Manable, after their first burst of blank surprise, contemplated the voting mail with a certain - pleased curiosity, his frank, healthy laugh startling a lot of half-forgotten s usations out of their dusty old corners, and very shortly he awoke in them the odd, pathetic sort of reverence which we now and ugaiu find a lately innocent old age according to youth. How it happened, he never quite under stood. but Joim Chaloner wan accepted un conditionally as Miss Dene's substitute. As the vicar anil his wife, they never till ihcir dying day quite got to the rights of the exchange, bui tbey were perfectly dear on the point of its l*eiug a mo»t agreeable otic. Grandmother Tlilliard investigated the matter, root and brunch, and was rather in clined to return the young man to his relative.-' with a caution and an admonition, tiil Barbara persuaded her to come and see and judge for lrerself For a month John read hard and watched Barbara with chastened amusement. Thei* was always something too sad about the girl's quaintaes- to laugh aloud at. 'We came home on a flj ing visit just at the time, acd were delighted with John Chaloner, and at the change in the vicarage. Barbara was the only puzzle- She did her duty as u*ual, and lived in a dream, with a new radiance that betokened a man in it: hut if the mau were John, he was the very dreamiest part of the dream. Of the good, hnnest, hardworking John himself, she had not a conception. I was fonder of Barbara than I ever was ol any other girl, and I was full of vague feari for her. which added sharpness to raj affection, and took the mawkish young girlish* ucss out of it. She was neverlikc otlicr people, taking her happiness from- hand to mouth, with a blessed relief in its continuance. She lot all that pass her by, and stood waiting, alert, in readiness for some great surprise of delight that was one day to open upon her. She strained for ever forward to grasp the world of her dreams. m could see it-in her eyes, her gestures, her pases, her walk. You could hear it in the repressed rich eagerness of her npeccli, uud above all in her singing, which made most people cry ; it generally, however,' made e much more inclined to swear. The next time I came they were engaged, aud Mis* Julia Dene was at the* vicarage. John had been left a fine property in Australia, by a squatter uncle, and they were to go out to it directly after the mairiage. They were married in September umong the Crusaders, and under the sanctioning eye of tbe fine relations, with me for a solitary bridesmaid. Barbara looked like tho heart of a cream rose, and her eyes shone like stars with the joy and glory of marrying her dream. 'John Clmloner might have been nfc the: other end of the world for ull she thought of bun. . Ou her arrival iu Melbourne she seemed to have been seized on by a munia for dancing and diversion, and her cool creamy loveliness, with the echo of Ladv Alicia in her bearing, had apparently taken the town by storm. She had a perfect torrent of a time, but I knew as well as if I had seeu her that it was really no importuunte desire • for racketttng that drove her, it was only that the rush and the whirl excited her and filled her with a vague expectation, that borne on by it she would at last be enabled to grasp the great joy that still lay just beyond her—just out of her reach. Then she went out into the desert, to the station in the back blocks, among boundless plains, so lonely that you may go half a day's journey without meeting any humau thing— so vast that the soul faints and cowers under the awfulness of immensity. Her house se«ned to please her. There was a quaint large simplicity about its arrangements that "appeals! to her. But there soon came into her letters a note of irritation whenever she made mention of a sheep, and thin spread so soon as the hot in came, when, to judge from her point of . the earth, air, and water produced nothing but flying things with wiugs which dashed themselves against you iu the evenings, and invariably dropped their wings down your back. Then she spoke of a cough that John had got on the vcyuge, and which in the great silence of the plains seemed to have become a terror to her. After that came some fresh, radiant letters with a growing tenderness in them, and then she told of a baby. "Perhaps she has found it at last, this rrcat thing/' I thought, and my heart gave . little silent sob, because I also had found and lost this carious joy. Then a dozen lines from'John to say that the baby bad died. For mouths we heard no more : then she wrote coldly, restrainedly. John had rapid consumption—the voyage home was not to l>e thought of—the station was his very beat place. • I started by the, next mail boat for Australia. The station was three days* journey from Melbourne, and forty-seven miles from a railway. Barbara met me herself aud was so grateful. It was no use telling her that my coming was sheer selfishness. She had idealised ttie act, and words never disillusioned anything for Barbara : only time did that. •She hud lost her angles. The hot climate bad not even touched the cream of her skin : and btr habit of frequent silences somehow suited the still solitudes of this great land. John was dying fast. There was not a doubt of it. "When I looked at his patient i. half full still of their old amused look, 1 knew it was well. What distressed me was that he wouldn't settle down to die comfort lbly. I soon saw why that was. It was to •rive Barbara the details of sickness, and so be nererlost guard of himself. He never by any chance availed himself of one uf the amenities and privileges of his condition. Sue was untiring iu her perviee. Sho did everything for him iu her deliberate, anxious, kindly way, but I "knew, and John knew better, what a horror it all was to her poor foolishness. One hot afternoon we drew John in his chair into the huge drawing-room. The ceil ing, walls, and floor were all of the wood of tbe neighbourhood, polished to perfection. There were rugs and Oriental carpets about the fl<n.r, and only a few large necessary things by way of furniture. No littlenesses igs to take up *pace and air. Barbara." he said,, "you write by to-day's mail atid ask Jim to* coinc on Tues day, when Martin goes in for the medicine." ?*he was pouring out the tea, and I noticed that her hand trembled. "Yes," she said after a pause, "I'll write." I sat up that night, as Barbara had been up two nights without a break. John was artless, and could get no sleep at all. So we jcgan. to talk. " Who is Jim ?*' I said, in u pause. Some how ] couldn't ask Barbara, lie said notbiug. "Don't tell me Huything about him if tou don't want to," I said, presently. "1 do want to, my dear, but I'm con sidering Jim," he said, at last. " .Thn'sabout the best fellow God ever put breath in. He'* the coolest chap you ever set eyes on to looli at, and the quietest to speak to, and yet, in a way, he's as mad as blazes." He broke off into silence for n minute. •"You know Barbara," he began again in e dA^iny fashion", "her goodness, her truth fulness, her anxious strivings after her duty, and the agonies my wretched, degraded babi of spitting, and 4 sicli.* all the etceteras, in fact, of this hideous sickness, cause lier. . I n't it amazinir, by the way, how she hides it all? . . "If this hadn't come, and we could have been more iti-Melbourne—she liked the swirl and the scurry—we could have travelled, too —she4itad' that—nal the baby, of course, that wastho last atraw. She was unearthly beautiful and aweet while it was with her. Well, if everything had not happened as it has done, she would have been all right, have knuckle! down in time to common-sense life, and an ordinary human husband, slippers and all.** He rested for a minute. . 41 Instead of that," he continued, "Jim came, and the minute her eyes fell on hiro, they found what they have been looking for all these three-and-twenty years—ber ideal." 14 Then she ought to be thoroughly asham&l; of herself, "I said, brutally enough. 44 Ashamed," he repeated.- " Why, Mar garet, I thought rou knew Barbara. There is no shame about tin matter. "Directly she knew, she came to me and told inu simply and truly what had happened to her, and not ten minuics after, Jim came in on the same errand. It was a queer situa tion. I believe I laughed at the rime—ouri ous, when one comes to think of iti what a multitude of nakednesses a laugh can cover! 441 need not tell you—oh. I forgot, you don't know, him—well, I'll tell you, then, that Jim bad never spoken a word to Barbara, nor looked a look, nor thought a thought that he hadn't a perfect right to. " Well, he packed and cleared out; but before he went ho told me something about himself that I want you to know. He knew, even at that time, that death had mo in its clutches, though Barbara did not till long after. ' ' 44 It had always been a puzzle to me why he was fooliutfrouud out heiv, with his brilliant abilities. He had done most things atOx ford, had a good footing at the bar and in society, had any amount of 4 parlour trick*,' you know, and no end of connections in high places, ard with his foot well on the ladder, he suddenly chucked it all, and carnc out here." He stopped to rest. 44 It's too good a country," I said, looking out into the magnificent moonlight. 44 for people to come to it only for u reason." 44 It is. Reasons are our enrse and. our cousolution. Queer, isn't it, that the chap with a reason is mostly head and shoulders above the fellow without?" 44 Women frequently find it a.very, queer thing. What was Jim's reason ?" 44 Occasional breakings out into mad, drunken fits. Demoniacal possession was a fool to them. Suddenly, after months of abstinence, the inauia would seize on bim, - and then he was like wax in its hands. How it got orcr a fellow like Jim is a puzzle. He wasn't made for snuh uses. He is as sane and simple and str-oug as n man welt can be. No beastly morbidity or lowness of health about him, 110 want of brain balance, nothing to accouut for his outbreaks. AU the doctors said ft was u most extraordinary case." What brought him to this thirsty land?" To try the effect of great solitudes and primitive peoples, and some more rot of ,that order." 44 Poor .soul 1 What madehim tell you?" I asked vindictively. He looked at uie, surprises!. ^ 44 Why, he's very straight, "you see. He knows how much Barbara is to me, and he knew I was dying. Fortunately I was ordered three months* moving about in learer air of New England. Barbara not well enough to leave home, so Jim and I joined forces. I made him come to a specialist ch3p in Melbourne. He said it was quite possible to get behind the disea.-e: all it wanted was unflinching, un broken treatment for three mouths. "Ob, Lord! He got it too. We had a fine lively time, I can tell you, but be carac back a sme man." 44Did he?" 1 thought doubtfully. ".And you?" I asked. 44 Curious treatment for your complaint, wasn't it ?" 44 Well, perhaps, but good all the same. Gracious God. ifurgareC could I have left bim us he was with Barbara about, and Barbara—"Barbara " She stole in just then to see him, and knesl . ..g down beside me, she put her licad in my lap, and I think all three of us had a little euoozc in the moonlight. . Directly I saw Jim, I understood how it was that he was the ideal of two snch opposite* a* Barbara and John. He was a tail, lean, lithe man, all well- managed nerves, and muscles trained to the exact point of perfection. He was overflowing with mag nificent life, and he had a God-like power of communicating this vitality. Iu his presence hud to iivc, to rush, so to speak, at i life, to seize it, to bend it to cue's use*, with | out fear or faltering. When with him c fear - w I forgot the meanness within and without, and [ looked simply and largely at all things, and it seemed natural and easy to reverence God and honour woman ; it was no longer striving I and pain, and vexed vanity, i What did John mean? There was within | this man no weak alcoholic tendencies. Then w no sign or token of it anywhere aboul int—either in his strong Arm mouth, or in the composed assurance of his steady depcud | able bunds, or iu his arresting, compelling laugh with that spark of eternal youth in it— no crackling of thorns, or grin or cockling ii Jim's merriment. There was about bim and all his opinions and declarations a noble soothing sanity nol | vouchsafed to men who crave. No want of bruin-balance, no vain-gloriou! vauntings or empty dreams, or brilliant fallacies, up pathetic yearnings or melancholj sudden repeiitnnc£-paugg made .bim tbi , beloved of all women—who did not own him There was nothiug erratic, neurotic nbou [ the fellow. He was a whole, sound, reason able creature, 'with the impress of.God's band fresh on him. What did J:bn mean? If ho , was possessed it was by somo invading overwhelming force of evil, somo outward .thing, not by • any skulking, do; grading weakness, bred in tbe botte. Small wonder that poor Barbara's expect ant soul, sick with waiting, sprang breathless towards this man, and was swept upland absorbed in his enormous abounding fullness ' of life. " " • . ' Even her imagination brooded restfullyon gently sweeping wings when Jim was near, instead of . tearing for ever ma-JIy at her . heart-strings. For finding its utter in capacity to reach the rare heights, the scaling . of which would have been mere child's play to Jim. Disney, it grew reasonable for once, and meditated comfortably on him from the valley. . /'. ^ . - /. ras so simple and borbth in his ways all.grew young and buoyant ei'eu in that bouse of death, and his If ugh was better. , for us than old wine. • John's pleasure in him wa*. touching, and ; the untiring way in which he worked for John and wmted'oa him iyhu amazing. Ho . never seemed to be tired or depressed, and he had a joke handy for every e nergcucy. I wondered sometimes it: Barbara knew that her prettiucss was turning hourly, in Jim's vivifying nearness; <o n inurveilou? thing of beauty. John did, and it was ono . more little rankling arrow in his poor loviug heart. . * ' . •. Wus Jim Disney never tired, could he.. being human, bear much longer the st- oin of his watching aiid service, it the cruel, terribb .. heat? John could not bea*- ,rauch more, that ; was very plain to be seen. When this knowledge slid silently into all of us one swooning aftemcon, Barbara looked suddenly from John to Jim, and u ghastly/ horror crept into .her eye: and stayod there., growing daily. vIt. was. generally soraa-V detail or another that touched the girl, but, no detail of which I.had any mortal coneep- ; tion could fling such anguish into uny woman's eyes. Oddly enough it increased ^ her beauty fourfold, Barbara was'made for , tragedy. "I'll tell you what it is," said Johnono*. • day, with the fearFul all-seeing acuteness.bf the dying-. 11 It's the thought /of Jim's I makimrmy coffiu." What!" 1 nearly screamed. v You sec in the great heat; and- in tho back blocks," he explained gently, " wo have to think and maice provision for thesa things. There is somecmburra>smenfcattend ing them too. We can't order a consignment' of coffins iu case of emergencies as we do of other stores. When the child died sha strayed, m tlie restlessness of her misery, down into the carpenter's shop where I was •. making its little coffin: you nee I wouldn't let anyone else do it. Hen are different froin women I suppose, for it seemed so awful to Barbara that it nearly finished her. She fell - inaeusiblc among the shavings ar.d chips, and when I got her bark I thought she most havegone mad." He stopped short, and to my dying day. I will not forget his eyes; there was no beauty in John's prin, as there was in Barbara's; . there was only naked for a moment to human eyes a poor patient bleeding heart. I could say nothing. Hy tongue clove to the roof of my mouth, my tears were all burnt up. "She's right," he began again."" it'would be u hideous thing for him to make my coffin. / The remembrance of the horror of it would never leave her. It would haunt her. And yet I can't send off mid get one now, she would be sure to find out." 44 It is an annoying sort of perplexity," he said, tiredly, "I am too beastly feather- - brained to tackle it just now. Just give mo those drops, dear. I must httvcu rieep what ever happeus." I came out to find Jim in the veranda alone. * Lie down," he said, putting me iuto a long chair as if I were a child. "Where's Barbara I said. '•Off on the warpath in the back premises. A flight of winged ants has landed in the soup for dinnet. Poor girl, if she had just the merest glimmer of a sense of humour." : 44 Good gracious! How could you expect it of a girl with exactly two points of view ; from u pinnacle, through a haze of blue distance, and from two inches above the fable, with her oyc screwed to a microscope." ' . " It was a horrid joke of fate to bring her into this crude muddle of beginnings, down to this bed-rock of-raw details." . 41 In any quarter of , the globe she would , have had to look at man anyway as a dctuil, . more or less, once she became his iwner." • . Jim laughed and went off to bring me back ; an armful of pillows. I watched him up tho / verimda and back again, - and let . him make me blissfully comfortable, with sleepy pleasure ; he wus so soothing and steadying - to tho nerves and never tired. ' That night whou I got up to do my four hours watching—we arranged it now in this - way—Jim was leaning with bowed head' against the wall near my door that opened on the veranda : I ran'to him and caught his * hands, terrified. " John !" I gasped. "Ho," he said, in a harsh, strange, voice, 11 it's me this time. You're not wanted yet. • Come here." He pulled me round the corner dud put inc down ou a seat. He looked terrible, cowed, defeated, buntedj aud woraa than all, humble. " How dared our Jim look humble, how dared he," I thought, shaking with fear; it was a slight, a blow to us all, and we so proud of him. 44 You know all about,me," he said, with averted eyes. 44 John told mo,-I thought—/ 11 thought honestly, and I hod got over every-\ thing—could trust myself anywhere—in everyway. However, you'll hare to help'' tne now. Barbara,- pbor child, knows nothing. You'll have to give me anything like strong soup, with tons of red pepper in it, and Worcestershire sauce, and any other hot poison yon can get hold of, and you must make me fcuce the stuff ofteninto the bargain. I am a beast, a fiend, a maniac when I break loose, and John mustn't know us long as he and all of you want.rae." ' > - • "Poor Jim," I cried. ."We have.been sefish, wc have let you wear, yourself out ;• its onlv that'you're tired to death.' I feel .often just like you'in this hideous.heat:" . 'r Thanks bo,to-God, Mrs. Granby," he said, shuddering. . You haven't a notion how I foci. Como and get mo sonio of. Jim's broth."- ; • He: caught my' shaking shoulders and pushed me before him into the old dining* room: * . '* Yes, and you'll rest, and to-morrow ! 'They will," he said, grimly, "with a difference that will never alter." He sbuddcred.again ; then laughed out into the night, and my flesh crept on my bones. , That night John told me that ho had taken it into his head he should die on Christmas Day, and had sent for his coffin. . And Barbara knows ?" he Slid. , "She only knows that Jim won't make it." " 1 thought she knew something, her eyes have altered." She spent all her time now absorbed in her duty to John, she shrank painfully away from Jim, und even from On Christmas EvojJohn was very restless. At ten at night the coffin had failed to appear, although it should have come quite early in tho day. Jim had -a horse saddled and elected, instead of taking his four hours, to set out and look for the fellow in charge of it, as soon as the moon should rise. " I watched his set, tired, hopeless face, and his bent shoulders directly he got outside the range of John's eyes, and obediently fell to swallowing his fiery broth. "I wish I could come with yon," I said. "A gallop would do one's nerves good." V You would do me good anyway," he said. " Yon'd keep tho "ghosts off. * Good bye, however. Yon'vo got to stay where you Poor John, poor Jim, and Barbara, the poorest bf all, I thought. What has God in store for the three nf you this Christmas Day in the way of peace and goodwill ? When Barbara's turn' to rest came I took her place. John told mc that his ears ached with listening and his eyes witli watching. " Shows too what a fool I was," he added, " as if Oira wouldn't time the coming of that machine when Barbara should be asleep. It will como in your watch, of course." Wc waited for an hour, for two, for three, but there was no sign. John took my hand in his clammy, trembling fingers, and I could hear his painfully held breath and .the low gurgling in his throat. I could see his fearful eyes peering out into the night. I turned to say* a little prayer, but my brain reeled. I could think of no word?, or feed as if there were any God to hear them even if I could. Then, just as tho day was breaking, we heard a rumbling, a slow distant rumbling as of a heavy body over the sun-cracked earth. It had not the steady advancing, sound it should have had. There was an I uncertain vacillating tnic in it. "Margaret, run out," crlol John, excitedly, " There's something queer." I plunged down the short cut .through the garden, out into the track. The waggon was coming on in' a sleepy/ swaying, drunken fashion, and I couldn't see a sign of a man driving.it.. I flew oh. As soon as the horse saw mo he gave a whine of relief, and put his nose into my hand. Nothing was to be seen but the top of the coffin, with the great brass nails shining out through the grey of the dawn. There was no sound, no stir, no human 6ign or token. I climbed up by tho shafts in abject terror of the great black thing. When I got into the waggon I stepped on some slimy cold thing and fell, and when I picked myself up my white dress and my fingers were slimy and stained purple iu that grey light. I leaned against tho coffin to gather my senses. Then I groped round it, and at ttie head, huddled tip limply, but still clinging to one rein, lay aim. I stooped and felt him. He was warm still and breathing. ,"I'm alive," he whispered. " That bridge is broken down; there was no other crossing, no time to go back, and tho fellow took my horse to go for help. Couldn't wait—accident—blood's from the lungs—got home somehow — anyway can't explain. Prepare John. Get her safe out of tho way, nnr1 bmir mn *a " TT« „D and bring mo to bim." He could toll us no more than that he brought the coffin across that yawning river bed alone aud unaided with two horses. How he got hurt, or kept himself alive after tho hurt, or even got into the waggon, in his mortal pain and drove, no one hut God will ever know, for it all happened after the man had ridden off-for help. It would need two more men und a couple of bullocks to get the traps across such a place, he said, but Jim, I found afterwards from himself, knew that unless ho did got across at once, he would be too late, so* as soon as the nun was oat of sight ho attempted tho passage alone. Thero was an upset. after that. Ho could tell us nothing more, co herently. He was right us to time, however. When the man did come at fast, distracted at finding neither waggon nor its contents, both Jim aud John had been buried more than half a day—John in the place of honour in the coffin. Wo - put Jim on a high, long, straight wooden scat, a form they called it, and placed- it beside John's bed. The others went out; I stayed because they asked me to stay." - : "John," said Jim, " I want to fell you that I never wronged you, even in thought. She was as sacred to me as if she had been.a carved saint." "Bat I knew that," said John, in simple surprise. "Do }jou know that all our trouble was for nothing," went on Jim. "The devil sevenfold strong came back to me on Thurs day night, and only for Horgaret-'thcre, I'd ' have gone under to the rascal." Somehow John had not seemed to realise that Jim- was a doomed man, but this aroused him from his dying'.-" -He started forward • with' awful eyes. »• • . .'47.• \ yj ! " My God,. Jim J ' T- thought we'd cured you. Afy: God in hea-—rV He fell back with dropped jaw.. .1 thought——-but he camo back to us., M.You wouldn't have married her," he. said; ofter.a rest, looking wistfully, at Jim. • . ** God knows," said Jin), faintly, " what I wouldn't have done." " I had looked forward to thi9 day," said John, with on odd womanish look at Jim.' "I made sure somehow it would bring us nil peace and goodwill. Has God forgotten us herein the hack blocks?" , " Good God, mau I" said Jim, in his fad ing voice, "have we—the three of us—ever been nearer peace and goodwill in our lives than we arc this minute ? God fulfils Himself in many ways," he added, with an echo of his boyish laugh. "She—," began John, but he broke off. " Well, two men having failed her, perhaps she'll tbink to ask God to stand by her now. I have a notion somehow she will." "I wonder," said John, "could the great thirst in her havo hud anything to do with God—of course, unknown to herself ?" "I believe," said Jim, painfully, "that modern women's thirst havo a darn sight move to do with God than they have a notion of. Lord, wouldn't they swear if you told them so——." His voice was growing very slow, and thick, and his eyes were" glazing. "Gctmeaway,"hesaid- "It's nearher tune , for coming out." » ' 