THE STORYTELLER. I \--. X LEGEND OF THE WATTLE BLOSSOM. BY EDITH E. BOWDEN. nVBlTTEX FOE THE WtSTEES MAIL.1 Long ago-so long ago that we have no written history of the famous deeds that were done, and only fragments of the soul-stirring song3 that were passed i'rom generation to generation, the uames of their braves and bards being now only faint memories or altogether passed into oblidon-there dwelt on the oanks of the liver named after their first ¡md greatest chief, the descendants of the children of Huon. ^?JÍS tribe, though numerically the Fuiallest in the country, yet held .lommion over a number of tribes, hav- ing indeed absorbed into itseL? many of the weaker ones. Chief among these were the Corinnas, a neighbouring and at first friendly tribe. They had, how sver, come under the displeasure of the Huons, because of their easy and iu Bolehfc familiarity, with tbe Huon chief. The hot-headed Huons, quick, to avenge any slight, made up. their minds to severely punish the Corinna^ " ïklakiug a sudden onslaught in the grey dawn pf a Bummer morning, they fell upon the Corinna, killed some of their men, and carried off many of the women and children to their own camp. From this time there was " war to the knife " be- tween tbe two tribes, until at last the Corinna, weakened by continual fights, became an. easy prey to the warlike Huons, and were absorbed into the stranger tribe. So secretive were they that the neigh- bouring tribes had not been able at any time to find out their fighting strength, apr had they dared to enter their encampment by any pf the secret paths BO" jealously guarded by the Huon watchmen. Lying as it did in a sort of, basin among the hills, and fronting the river, whose banks here were about forty i feet high, their position was almost im- pregnable. At the time of which I am writing, the Huons had just gained a most signal victory over a somewhat powerful tribe near tlieni, and were celebrating their triumph in true "corrobores fashion. The bones -of their bodies were out- lined in white clay, their ankles, knees \- and wrists being adorned with dried gumleaYes, which rustled as they moved. With the lurid glow of the fire upon them they formed a most ghostly.com-, pany, only, unlike ghosts, they were any- thing but silent. After circling slowly round the fire for some minutes, one of \- their number commenced a weird kind of chant in a very low voice, iu which the others joined; after a time it became louder, the pace of the dance increasing with the tone,' the chanting befog occasionally interspersed by sudden gruntings, which ffave the melody a most peculiar effect. They camed pieces of dry wood in their hands, which they ? struck together, with a sharp ringing sound. The women sat on one side of the fire with their opossum-skin rugs stretched tightly across their knees, and beating on its. drum-like surface kept time with tbe clacking of the pieces of wood carried by the men. If any of the warriors engaged in the dance had been watching closely, he would have.seen, crouching in the shade of a huge gum tree, which stood just outside the circle of light thrown by the five, a small figure, which now and again advanced timidly towards the light, and then-drew back quickly into the friendly ' shadow, as though fearful of ' being " .noticed. Growing bolder as the .noise increased, the figure crept further into the light with.a peculiar sinuous motion, until he arrived unnoticed just at the . edge of the crowd gathered to watch' the ceremony. Suddenly one of the women (tis. though conscious -of some presence near her) turned quickly, and, catching sight of the strange-looking figure, uttered-a quick, frightened cry ; bearing which others turned arid instantly shrank back, till at last, in the full glow of the fire, was seen pne of the strangest beiugs. The. small, misshapen, pain-twisted body was not bigger-than than of a child of ten, while the thin, pinched face was only redeemed from absolute ugliness 'by |be large dark eyes which bad tliat expression of pleading wistfulness com- mon to most dumb animals. " On ail sides weré heard half-frightened whispers: " of " The spirit-child ! the" spirit-child, of the Corinna!" The warriors, noticing the disturbance stopped their einging, casting angry looks at the innocent intrader, who finding himself thus \- .'" brought Under the public gaze, quickly made his escape into the sheltering darkness. The blacks, with the deep-rooted super ' stition peculiar.to all ignorant races, >r * thought that the sh^ge-looking child frhb bad lived'for so long amongst ïheai ~ ^ithoùt'nttering a sound, must;be the. abode of some spirit, either, one -of those who inhabited 'the rivers and forests of the country, or else that of some long- : ^ flead member of the tribe; hence the fear and distrust with which they re- garded him. The child, lying close* to one of the buts, could only get glimpses of'the revelry. * After a time most of the , braves, being- tired out with théir.exer tions of the night and the previous day^s fighting, retired to their, huts, or threw , themselves on the ground near the fire. 3% only exceptions were a 'few old cronies,-, who » gathered together and gravely discussed the affairs of ¿he tribe. Taking advantage of their absorbadness, he crept stealthily nearer, and lay a little behind them, listening intently to all that was going on. Their next move- ments having been duly talked over and decided upon, they began to criticise the evening's performance with its sudden interruption; from the spirit-child him- self, the transition was easy to the old forest legends and the wonders worked by the spirits in the days when the world was young. This part of the con- versation was carried on in low whispers for fear that some evil spirit might hear and make use of their words against them, so that the child had to creep a little nearsr iu order to hear distinctly. Most of the tales dealt with the origin of certain well-known birds and animals which frequented that part of the country ; one. however, told by the old chief attracted his fancy by its strange- ness and air of uiystsry. It ran somewhat as follows :-" Long ago, when- the world began, the Great Spirit planted a wonderful tree whose leaves. were lined with the light that came from the moon, and when the sun rose upon it, the tips of the twigs burst forth into bright yellow balls, which were 6oft as the softest'down, and gave forth the faint, sweat odour of honey. "Whoever was brave enough to climb the tree at night and pluck the topmost blossoms should be .gifted, with the golden gift of song above and beyond that of other mortals." And the old chief told sadly that though the tree had multiplied and was now widely scattered through the country, yet no one liad ever been found brave enough to attempt to gain the gift; and, sighing heavily, the old man rose aud went toTiis hut to rest. Some minutes after, those who had been left followed his example. The child crept nearer the fire, and lay there for some time, thinking over the story he had just heard, until at last, grown weary lie too fell asleep, and silence lay over the camp;. He was awakened at daybreak by up, someone rolling over him, and, starting saw the laughing face of little Masu, his Mend and companion, the only creature in the camp who ever spoke to or took any notice of him. Masu appeared to be much amused at his friend's sleepy looks, every now and then rolling over and over him in convulsions of merri- ment, and shouting, " Wake up, wake up, sleepy one." \ The child well remembered- how . .one. day, when he lay crying from, hunger, he had.felt something touch him, and,, looking up, saw A tiny toddler, who, with, his fingers thrust in Ibis mouth, et'aved solemnly at him. Presently the fingers came out, and a very wet hand gently patted his cheek ; the child smiled, little Masu chuckled in his' baby fashion, and, sitting on the ground, waited for him to make further advances. When, half an hour after, his mother came to look for I him, to her intense horror she found him asleep ia the arms of the - Spirit-child, From that time the two had been almost inseparable. Masu soon learnt to fly to his friend for protection whenever his love of mischief and teasing got him into trouble with his playfellows ; for then no one dared to touch him. During, all tue day while he played with Masu, scraps of the story he had heard would keep corning*. into ,. his thoughts. How- he wished- he could speak as other people« did ! but despite the greatest effort on his part, no sound ever came from his lips; and as .for singing like the birds that he heard iu the early morning, that was a happiness altogether, beyond his wildest dreams. 'That night, however, as be lay by the camp fire, thinking it all over, he sud- denly ruadë up his mind that ha would £0.io the goldeli tree and gather its blossoms. He knew there was one some little distance Jip-strearu, for he had seen .it-'from the river bank. He would -not take Masu with him/ for he was- afraid of the dark and the I evij, spirits lurking in the shadows, but as heThimself was a spirit-child they could have no power over him to hurt him ; perhaps they might even help him. So, lying on his back, he quietly watched the ^starg till the first faint streak pf light showed in the east. Raising himself softly so as not to disturb any of the sleepers, hs crawled to one of the bai'k huts near and peeped in for. a last.look at his friend, then , slowly' and painfully made his way -to the outside of the camp, Hsre hi rested, fora while to eat. some of the scraps of food he shad brought with him, and drank a little of the watar in a tiny, pool-1 near by. Peeling somewhat" refreshed he commenced his journey, keeping as near as possible to t!iè' Muk of tba river. His progress was vei'y slow; as he had sp often to stop to gat his bi-eatb, so th:it it was late in the afternoon before he reachéd his destination. Much ex- hausted, lie lay down afc the foot of Ithe tree and soon fell fast asleep. Meanwhile,, as the^ child had '.viii appeáredat either thejnorning or even- ing meal, and could, not be found iii any of the "bushes near, Masu- became much alarmed and so worked upon the sympa- thies of the men that ? they promised to organise a Beavca party, and would start to look for him a3 soon as it was light. As they sat in the gathering darkness, talking about him, and .closely question- ing Masu as to where he had sean.him. last, ' they heard a strong, clear -vokje, which made them start in Budden terror ; in a minute they heard it again, followed by a bnrat of rippling laughter. Presently there came a low, 'soft sound like a bird-call, which swelled and swelled in volume till, at last, it burst forth into a very paean of gladness ; after a few minutes it softly sank to a whisper, then it ross again with greaterswestness and power, the air ali round seeming to quiver with the music. Suddenly, while they listened with bafcsd breath and faces grey with fear, they heard a quick, sharp cry of paiu-then there was silence. They drew together round the fire, not daiing to go to sleep, and sat crouching there till daybreak. As soon as it was light enough to sse clearly, the men scattered in all directions to look for the missing child, while the women began to prepare for the morning meal. Just a3 the sun's rays wai-e beginning to push their way through the fors3b leaves, making the young twig3 of the. gum trees look all ablaze, there was heard the call which had been arranged as the signal of the child's discovery. Masu, who was with the chief's party, rushed excitedly in. the direction from winch the call came, quickly followed by the l'est of the party. There, afc the foot oE the tree, his bair Îjowdéred with the golden down and bis lands filled with great bunches of the sweet-smelling blossom, a gentle smile hovèring round the patient mouth, lay the still form pf the Spirit Child. Little Masu flung himself, sobbing, on his friend, while the blacks stood round awe- struck, and whispered to one another that " the Great Spirit had kissed his lips with the golden blossoms and filled his mouth with song." 