1 P An.'''''' \fW$t?'l'^'tf-$(--:f 1 Ft Sfti en !l Blnnd Holt producer, 'StrnlKht F'rom tho Hoart' at tlio Royal tu-nlf.ht. It cornea | with ijooil credentials. Mr. Goon;«- Wood, 'tlio .somo-.vJj.it dif ferent,' and MI-- Marian AlnswortU jolu tho Tlvoli rimkii this afternoon. At Her Majority's 'Tlio Slijn of tho CrosB' has iittraetc.nl bU; hou»ci- during tho weak. Kb revival nhouia tie lUteuued with buc ccsa. Harry Hlt-Imrilu lntenda to build a now theatre at. Perth. Many people are under tlio linprcfi.'ilon that he buy hlu baudu uulto full enoii(;h at iwsent. Mtsa Julia Arthur, the American trago illoiine, ha« married n. young multlmll llonalro, and, It Is huH, has retired from tho ntaf;e. Kor how long '.' Mr, Georno Voodn, 'tho somewhat dlf ferent,' 1« tho fatlur of a bouncing red haired baby. He calls it 'jiluk pltf.' Well, there hi not much In a nunio or a title, nuyhow. Cluirlco CnrtwrlKlit --rortuces 'Tha Squlro of Dnnia.' at tno Criterion to-night. Ho concludes liln coason next Friday night. Tho clover actor diwervoa better pntroiiaso than he lian no far been accorded. There wan quite an International aspect nbout 'The Hollo of Now York,' BtaRPd at tho London Shaftesbury recently. It wn» produced under Australian luanaf-rment ('the Firm'), pluycd by an American com pany, and v.ltneMetl by an Knullch au dloneo. That should bo ju:st about a record In lta way. The failure of tho milt for libel brought by W. S. Gilbert r.fiiilinu an 13ii;.;i;su din inatlc nowniiapcr evidently mirprlcod no one but Gilbert, who really oiiRht to ro i frc.ih IiIh nplrllii from hiibo of lilti own 1 works, which, though not enjoyiiif; their orl(;lnnl vogue, tiliould Induce j'ood naturo even for Uuslr author . Madame Sarah Uernh.irdt d'.rfnra In many ?wnyi) from her average filter nctressri!. Not the lcaiil rcmarhablo of theao dlf forcneca In a pronounced dl!;llk-; of dia mond!), 'lion Dlou,' nho In tial'l to have oaelalnjcrt recently, 'Ihoy nro horrible.' It la perhaps well that tliln opinion dors not generally prevail In circles theatrical, or many fashionable jewellers would uoon find It necessary to nhut up shop. Clement Scott, as tho only niciinn of pla cntiiiE the theatrical profr.wlon of London (aayn an o'ifclumKe), him abjectly apoloi;lHcd for his Blander upon tho. womou of the pro fession, published soino niouthii a;;o. Thl.i npoloi;y will permit Seolt to continue his vocation an a critic on tho London 'Dally 1 Telegraph,' but lie can never hono to '? clear himself of an offence that was an un manly an It wan gnitultonn. Tho younR French nlni;cr, Anna Held, who recently broko her cni;i-gement at tho Scala Music Hall, and was sued by her malinger, ban lout lier appeal Hiilt, and stands, therefore, eondenmed to pay tho iClOOO Btlpulatcd for In her agreement ua forfeit money in tho event of any breach of contract. Apparently It ilocu not pay to break ongagomcntH In that country. Mrs. Brown-Potter liitfi been ii?«!i-lii{; u Loudon Interviewer that nho la not ner vous. 'For Inntnnco,' who mild 'I played in Hongkong when that place was ravaged by tho pluRuo, only two daya before tho port waa placed In (juaranllne by tho whole world. I httvo boon in the hnndii of tlio vacelnator novcrnl times, Tho last ocett nlon was on board a I*, nnd O. Htramor. coniti way from Sue/., where smallpox wan racing. An there watt not much wulklm; to bo dono on board, I thought It bettor to hnvo my le;j 'horn do conibnt' than my nrrn, and It was 'horn do combat,1 too.' Tho London 'Mnn of tho World' nays : — 'SJi* Augustus Harris' ghost iieemn likely .. ttf glvo tw nil a itcnimtlon. It has been a, belief lield by uomo of tho employees be hind tho fircnri; that the ghost of tho Into grcnt manager walks at night at lirury Inne. Two of tho gasmen, after one even Ipg seeing Kir Augustus Hitting in his ne cuatoinod neat, In his oniee, thought that tliln waa too much for their nerves, and rc (ilgned. Tho Psychical Soclefy, having heard what theso two employees have to fifty, In going to auk pRrmlrjulon to Inveistl guto the elrcuimitaneoii.' 'Tho Arrow' hnn over boon under the lmprwnlou that tlio theatrical chont w.ui always welcome. iloro in ii nice little instnnco of a Uolaad for nil Oliver told by i-. London paper : — 'A well-known actreiir;, who. hi a regular visitor to the Hlvlira, hnnpeued to bo stay Ing nt tho tiiimo hotel itn u. 'young jieraon' vho la not an actress, iloth lndlcn pa tronised ft very well-luuiwa dressmaker, nnd,' p.s It turned out, both ono day ap pearbd In Identical coatumen. Knld the ac tress In tho hall of tho hotel loud enough for her rival to hoar : 'That Is Uio worat of , — — 'b i they will nintto for Unit, elnsiii of ' rornon,' Lutor, In tho roanifi, tho young fiornon got homo with lntcreut. Suld ahe, n th(j hearing of tho nutreiiii : 'That Is tho worat of ? 'n ; they tthow no dlsci'lmlna tlon, droiislng old nnd young pooplo allkel' Tnblauu I Shyfl tho London 'Toplcnl Tlnieii':— Tho not proeeodfj of tho rocont Nolllo Farrcn benefit v.ill probably amount to iminolhi'itf 1 Ilka iCCTiOO. Tho rumor curront that mi much a» iClO.OOO had linen icallivd wa:i prohnbly another Iniilnneo of tlio whih ho lii{f ftitUor to tho thought. A guiitliminn '. well, hnown In mmilciil nnd thuatrlcal , circled fiald, hefovo Ihn performance, that Iio 3i'-I-od nml expected Unit tho larger ftinount liamod v/oulrt lui veuU'ind, hut, of oourno, ho M'un too iiangulno. Anyhow, tlio fiono/lt hati loft nil ollior rccorrtii for lic tlilKi n»'l It Ib,' 'Win statement Is all right ''nfi'ftM' M }t Goon, but tho (iurlho who wrolci It ovlflontly forgot, that tho dllfori'iieo ho /wniMi tho two Iiuihh Was gouerounly nuh IShU )'y tlioUoUiohllWn. ? 