BRIEF NOTES AND COMMENTS. July rainfall, o.oSin.: for 7 months, IT.HSiii. N.SW. Premier Reid beat -Mr. Barron by 110 votes. Albury Brewing Co. declares a dividend of 5 per cent. ' . ■ Nominations for Shire elecfcious close next Tuesday, at 4 p.m. Salvationist General Booth revisits Aus tralia next Jan nary. Sly-grogging prevalent in the prohibitum district of Clutha, N.Z. Several of the dosed hotels at Edition are being turned into shops. Prince Bismarck died on Saturday. The “iron prince” was So }*oars of ago. Sovnuour funner imminL John Parry fatally injured by being tliroWit out of a nmuvay A.D*girl aged 12 died in Sydney through swallowing a tooth, which was found in one Phenomenal weather in Queensland hist week. Snow fell tit Toowoomba, the first on record there. On Saturday the steamer Cape Otway brought in Melbourne £ot>,000 worth of gold from Westrnlia. Youth named Cross committed for trial for maliciously placing obstructions ou the rail way line at Cnlcairn. Mr. Slmter, ex-P.M., is to he recalled, to temporarily fill vacancy caused by death, of Mi*. Niro Ison, P.M. Large quantities of flour stolen from au Eclmca mill. Elmir-packer named Sim mons arrested on suspicion. Arthur Davis, a Melbourne journalist, missing from his home for over a fortnight. Found drowned at St. Hilda. ‘WaiTimmbool farmer named McNamara found dead in a drain, into which it is supposed lie fell while in a fit. The closing, under the local option prin ciple, of 20 hotels iu Ecliuca has cost the Government £20,000 in compensation. Tims. Ogilvie, a postman at Ascot Vale, disappeared on 0th June. Body found in Saltwater River, near Keilor, on Friday. As a sequel to the recent devastating hush fires in Gippslaml, there is now a serious mortality amongst cattle duo to want of feed. A young Sydney man, George Henry, tried and found not guilty of setting fire to Ills house, knowing that his wife was therein. Adelaide admirers of late Marcus Clarke subscribe money for erection of a monument over the author’s gra ve in Melbourne come Oastlemnniaes suffering it visitation of the ghost nuisance. His ghostship uses stilts, and delights in terrorising women and children. Two youths under sentence of G months’ for larceny, while awaiting removal to gaol, burned a hole iu the Coolanum lock-up door and escaped. The young man, Charles Davey, who was Struck with sudden blindness at Tumbnrumba and brought to AVagga, is recovering. He can now see slightly. Gippslaml Province nearly lost one of its legislators last week. Mr. Sargeunt, M.L.C., while in the bush, narrowly escaped being killed by a falling tree. — ~«-W«gea AttuohmentBUlpiissed nil its stages in Assembly on Thursday; " as also did the Bill authorising the use for charitable pur poses of excess funds accumulated under Lieeusing Act. Poll of electors in Drouiu licensing district will be taken on Thursday, 2">th August, to determine whether or -not existing number of victuallers’ licenses in the district shall be increased. Mrs! Louisa DeCosta, of Brighton, Eng land, has left £7*)U0 to Governor of South Australia for purpose of forming a Samaritan fund for benefit of convalescent patients of Adelaide Hospital. Mr. Nicol.son, P.M., consequent on ill health, resigned his position on Friday last, llo died during Friday night. He was promoted to the Bench from a police superintendeney in 1SSG. He was associated with the arrest of Power, the bushranger. Joseph Smith, a settler at Motu, near Gis borne, N.Z., who was suspected of the murder of Scott, has been found dead in his whuro, apparently from poison. He left a note stating “I am innocent of the murder of Scott.” 