"WILD BEGIN:" THEIR ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "A Daughter of Heth," 9 A Princess of Thule," " M'Leod of Dare," "The Strange Adventures of a Phaeton," " Briseis," " Highland Cousins," c, c. c (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XLIX. The Devil's Kirn. Early next morning there was enacted the strangest scene ever beheld on the banks of the River Nish. Almost before daybreak Archie Gilchrist was out at Lake accustomed post, apparently busy enough, with books and magazines and manuscripts, and yet ever with a furtive glance towards the red house across the wide stream. The dawn was graciously still and opalescent ; the overclouded skies were of a banded silver-gray ; the current, noiseless, stealing by mirrored the foliage of the new yellowing trees ; the smoke of the town, when that began to appear, rose vertically into the quiescent air and diffused itself into a pale blue Ulm that softened all the wooded heights beyond. Peace reigned throughout the world and in that house away over yonder why not also a beneficent and merciful peace ? Meanwhile this is what was happening in the sick-room. " Nurse," Eelin called, in rather a frail voice, " will you do me a kindness 7 Will you go down-go down to the drawing room-and search amongst the music on the piano and you'll find a scrawled piece scrawled and scribbled over-but the title of it is "The Brees of Glen brawn-" " Oh, if you will please to excuse me, Miss Eelin," the nurse said, anxiously. " Your mamma said I was not to bring you that song because it upsets you be " Oh, well," she said, with apparent indifference (but the eyes like the blue of the sea-water were beginning to burn), " anything will do. I only want to look at the titles. My-my singing days' are over. Why should I want to sing ? It is happy people who sing. But the titles to look at : could you And for me * Eel in of KJrconuel '-' I wish I were where Eelin lies, on fair Kirkconnell lea '-Eelin, mind, not Helen youM find the correct version to Morer-or in Moffat-" " OQi, yes, Miss," said the prim and placid Nurse Kendrick. "As soon ever the day nurse is here, or when some of the servants are about, I will run down and fetch, line music for you-" " And why not now ?" the girl pleaded. " It-it is a small favour to ask : only a minute-" The nurse hesitated and was lost. "What did you say was the song, Miss ?" i " 'I wish I were where Eelin lies, for night and day on me she cries don't remember the rest-for my head is not very well-only-only I wanted to look at the titles-if I am never to be able to sing any more-" "What did you say were the books, Miss Eelin ?". / " Oh, I have "forgotten I have forgotten, the girl moaned. "And it is too much trouble I ask your par- don-'" The prim little nurse was also impressionable in a way ; she could not resist the wearied appeal ; she said she would try to find " Eelin of Kirkconnell," and should be back in an instant. It was a kindly concession, wrung from her by the pathetic tones of the girl's voice ; but it was not very wise and it had consequences. For the moment she had gone. Wild Eelin with the cunning and the un- natural strength of delirium sprang from the bed, undressed herself, put on her swimming things, not even except- ing the felt slippers to protect her feet ; then she crept stealthily down the stair- case, and passed along the hall, and unlocked the door, and went out. Her footstep on the gravelled path was silent ; phantom-like she crossed the breadth of grass and so she came to the river at least, to the shingle border- ing the stream. And this was the apparition that Archie Gilchrist, on the other side, be- held, when he chanced to look up from his books. He did not pay much heed. Somehow his eyes had become dazed of late, what with long watching, and mechanical reading, and sleepless nights and no doubt the white-armed goddess on the opposite bank was but a spectral creation of his brain in another moment or two she would have vanished and taken to flight, for her far and sea-girt isle. He hardly cared even to look at her. She was not an effulgent and lustrous creature as a goddess should be for the gray dimness of the dawn was still around her; she was a mere ghost, ethereal and visionary ; he had been reading the night before some stories out of the Greek mythology and he was of an imaginative turn of mind. Then all of a sudden a spasm of horror shot to his heart. Why, this was no fantastic illusion whatever ; he knew who it was, and why she was there it was Eelin Macdonald, escaped from control, come down to make one more mad effort to swim the Devil's Kirn. In consternation he saw her take off her slippers at the end of the shingle ; he saw her wade in through the shallows to the deeper water ; he saw the fragile body throw Itself against the heavy current and in an agony of helplessness he could only wait and watch, not know- ing whither she might be carried. But he had quickly taken off his coat and flung it on the grass behind him so far he was prepared for anything that might happen. By this time there were nurses and servants rushing down the distant bank- calling, and shrieking, and wringing their hands a little attention did he pay to them. It was piteous to see the frail white human creature contending with the shoeblack Implacable stream and of course, the result was inevitable ; with her spent strength she could make no headway at all certainly be fought and fought for she had the courage of the Kinvaig Macdonalds in her veins, and perhaps the fever lent her some access of wild effort. The end speedily came. She was swept down like some white rose-leaf on the surface of the water ; the Devil's Kim had got its grip of her and hither and thither she was being whirled-until Archie Gilchrist saw his chance, and jumped in. He was a good swimmer, the swinging current notwithstanding. He seized hold of her-he bore her to the bank Qie carried her to the slope where his coat was lying-in another moment she was wrapped up in that mouth gar- ment, and he had placed her arms around his neck, and he had clasped her firmly to him As he set out for the house. He went in the direction of the upper suspension bridge ; he vaguely knew that the shrieking women were running across, with blankets and such things. And then she said to him, in a panting kind of way " Oh, Somerled-my love ! my dear love have you come, for me at last ? Ah, why did you never speak ? I guessed, you know-oh, yes, I guessed and when you gave me the thousand pounds for the Macdonalds of Glen gave, my mother said you were either mad or madly in Loveland's you were in love it was with me and I guessed that, too, though I would not let on. And as for me my heart was yours from the moment I saw your strong, earnest eyes. But then, you see, I was promised and I could not break my promise and you were proud, and you held aloof, and would not say a word- as, well, that is the bitterness of life-" The mental torture was more than man could bear ; he staggered awards the nearest bench, and sat down there holding her closer to him, and trying to soothe her fevered imagination. Then the terrified nurse came flying, with rugs and blankets and these she quickly wound round the trembling fugitive, who had some dim notion of what was going on. Nay, she tried to express her thanks, in a merry kind of way. I " Jeane's a' week, puJr body," said she. " Do you know the old version, nurse ? But it's not with coming through the rye. I think I must have been in the liver-perhapjs^c^xiwiiB-íaiod Jit is UP cold this morning and I have given yo so much trouble I ask for your pardon-" Gilchrist had now got up again with! his precious charge folded to Mr closer! than ever. "Mr. Gilchrist," said the nurse, anxiously, " would! you let me carry her ?" . * " No, by God, said he, " nobody shall carry her but myself." His face was as white as death and was among trembled ; but he had great physical strength and there was not much fear; for the invalid. The worst of it was that this arrangement enabled 'him compelled him, rather-to hear hen whispered confidences-confidences that tore his soul for it was impossible to doubt that all through these wandering phrases the girl was revealing the secret of her life. " You see, Somerled oh, my darling I my love with the strong eyes 'that you should have come back to me !-. well, I used to go up the Castle Hill-. and I used to look towards Ben Wyvis -and-and-think about iAlt-na-Traive and sometimes Tannahill's verse would come into my head. ' Och they ! Johnnie Lad. Ye're no sale kindly you should have been and then I thought that was most unworthy I admired you all the more for your pride and silence ; because because you knew that I had given my, promise didn you V Ali, but never at word-never a word from All-na-Traive -and the long distance and I am not complaining ear no, I am not complain- angel would rather ask for pardon from any one I have done wrong ton's She sobbed a little ; his heart heard' her sobs. And here was her mother, at the end of the small suspension bridge. The poor woman could hardly speak It was her affrighted vision that made its mute inquiry. And then she followed her- daughter-she the first, of course rough she could scarce put one foot before the other. With tremulous and useless-tfingers she would endeavour to draw the blanket somewhat closer round (Eelin's neck ; or with her handkerchief she would try to wipe away a few drops of water from the splendid blue-black hair ; she was entirely dis- traught ; she did not know what she was doing ; her eyes were blind. (To be continued.) 