' l'^||;-^i^l^{^+ , huh olUul; , .. ? ?? ' » ,BOOK II THEvMASKED VENUS. A WAIF OPTHE WORLD CHAPTER Vll ?? I WILL WARN AND SAVE HER ! ' ' A HIDDKN , PniMA DoNNA.' SEATON in Pabis Count Stahehstein. The ' Ceecle des Enhancers.' Ortom's letter. Jenkb, thk detective. ' i have located HBR.' ' My BROTHER.' THE tbmftbes8. the eal de l'opera. saved. Victorine's Gleanincjs. ' One op us must die ! ' B«low her, in Stahrenetein's splandid »oms, the Count, hie eyes aflame, was f ginng Viotonne her orderB. ('She it taint, mine, at last, this proud beauty, bf thooght, mtb boanding pnlses.) 'Viotorme,' he said, 'you shall never w*st, if yon oboy iae now.' His mad thirst for the love of this mystarioaa j Yenus- hfco beauty, was whettsi by stolen glimpses of har snperb loveliness as she ?ntered or departed. The spell of her } glorious voice was on nim ; and Vic ' i tonne (poqring oil on a blaziDg fire), J ? bad artfully completed the picture. y^ When Josef ;come back with the cordial, i} ths Count's orders to Viotorine were : W ' 'Go up and tell her all. Say that the \h,K Iionse is even now watohed by the Police Iff 'IJhe will be arrested. She ifi alone and Wit 'frienJless; frighteD her. I know ahe ffa, baa not a moment to lose for safety. $%' , Y&u; can order her music master to come jMlf j b»ok in three days How easy for yon m, ' to Bay you were a waiting maid in my fp1 a»tabli8hment, whore yonr husband was %^ Tfllet. Beg her to appeal to me. I will ^*V, 0are her. She m»y be arrested any mo W ?Pnt I will even hide her here,' he |w- j laid, with a sinister smile. 'Now go ! & ( and cajae soon bask to me. Yoa can ftf! \ come down with her. it you can induce 'k ( ber to Bare heiself. Remember yonr ftf future reward.' !-,! The sparkling eye s of Victorine beamed .4/ aasent. , ' j y 'Go ' Spare her not. Bnt I alone M - can »ava her You know what to say.' !|t»f Victorine, with the cordial, entered fe / Irene Gordon's room. She was astoun $ 1 ded to see her already busied in rapid f&i1;'' preparation for leaving. Victorine b sharply said 'Maiemoiselle, I fear you '$ will not ba able to quit thia house in h ' iafety.' !fj, ' Irene's face was ashen. She brokenly Mi said, 'Why.' ^ , ' The poliee are watching it and have IV «en dogged me all day yesterday and to Ki A knook sounded at the door. ' It is *;f Baprez! Tell him not to come for a &-r week. I will write him. Say tbat I am i'jij ill.' gasped Irene, now desperate. ea_ t Victorine returned from her mission. ' I % must not put -oyself in her . power , ' A ) ?, Irene thoaghfc. ' My God. The awful W;i 1 , punishment. My brother. The police. [^i Thi» is the work of that fiend Jenks, \jT *? He has hunted me down, ' She sprang yj-t (Bp defiantly. 'I will not die on the ^ ' ?caffold,' she swore injher heart. 'Better /,\ '? by the knife ' She shuddered a spasm of If, ' ^age seized her. fe 'Victorine. I must leave her at once $ \ You must aid mo I will reward you. |j -Wilt yon help me to get away and stay R bere until I am safe.' f|% , ' Madame.' said Victorine coldly' 'I w \ ^*te aot 'ace cnr 8eT6re ^aw8- Tkere is *c// bat one way. 1 1 'Speak.' cried Irene eagerly. ' Any 'fi.t. thing to prevent this, disgrace. ' She ?j\\( dare not tell the sly maid that she |Lr faand Braverly Beaton's eye aB much as Ki the bolter, 'Anything, if I can only L, go at once ' |fs Victorine repeated her lesson. Wbsii p the woman who walked up and down the i^ j loom had finished Irene Gordon (her face & ' baned in her hands) said in a harsh voice ^f How does tho Count know of this?' y^ v -'HewaB my old master and I told him r 1 for I was afraid Madame is quite a |x!-' etranger to me.' §k Irene Gordon walked alone into her '$L boudoir, Standing before tho glass she 'xJ ( f gazed at the ripe glowing beauty of her P» f her matohless face tho superb loveliness |f|^ of her swelling figure the Veuus lineB of mf 1 b wondrons symmetry showed their lir) matobless oharms to the eyes of the self |i jf devoting fugitive \- j ' At last. ' she murmured. Walking l\ owifty to tho door, she quietly said :'Go I dawn and ask the Count if he can { receive me in fifteen minutes. Then ',, «ome back and dress me. Knock three I timas when you return.' The woman, '- ? sly smile earring her lips, httstdned '.J down stairs. Irene Gordon locked the '?1 door, and hastening to a half-packed trunk, thrust a dagger in her bosom. 'Ths hard conditions of life and liberty,' /she mattered , ' there's always time for death.' For she feared to meet the ghost .r©£ the murdered Egbert Neill on the ,)j flfiudowy river In five minutes, Vic torine, with regained composue , re j «ntered, giving the signal. The reward was inliergrasp. J,*1 ' Monsiear le Comte, will receive lr yon in fifteen minutes. He has sent , bis man out to oxploro. There are too policemen1 at the front, and one at the tear of the house— at the courtyard , atairs.' j '' Qaick. Dres3 me,' said Irene with '? faverod eagerness, : Viotisrme, deftly plying her fingers. ' continued ' The Count will have his Oian sod myself at once remove sll yonr loggage to his apartments. I will stay faerie, and Josef will keep guard. The iOount will help you away to-night in ?disguise. He is a powerful noble.' 'But bow cried Irene assisting with trembling hands to robe himself. 'It is tho night of the Opera Ball, ''Madams, and tho Count can safely take {pu away, disguised, in bis carriage.' rcne was silent. Id ten minutes the toilet was finished. In ten more, the smaller articles were gathered together. In street costume, (with wraps, and a portmanteau, hastily gathered up by Vic torine), Irene Gordon stepped over her own threshold heavily veiled. She des cended the stairs with the air of a cap tive quoon, and walked proudly over the thieshold of Max Stahrenstein's salon. Casting one glanae behind her, Ireno Gordon could not see the pale finger of Egbert Neill pointing ; nor in front, the shadows oE a futare too uncertain for the wildeBt conjecture. With one lnst throb of her wild pasr ainnntn Viont*f pni* .Tnnlr f-3-nrrinn (hnart — hungry, far away in the snows of the wes tern prairie), she seated herself. 'It is over,' sha vaguely dreamed, and fell senseless in her chair. The iron doors of Fate had closed on her forever. She was a wife no longer ; only a hunted fugitive. As high noon boomed from the bell of Notre Dame, Beverly Seaton and Horace -Jenks met at the Cerele, in the reception room. Seaton was hollow eyed 'See here, I won't talk to you until you breakfast.' Jenks was resolute. In half an hour Seoton soon learned of Jenks' final resolve. 1 ??We must trust some one. I shal send a party and ? have arrangements made to quietly examine all this woman's belongings at once. We must verify matters, and get some actual proofs, It will take a little money. I have already sent & man to sound the only party who can do it. You must take a rest. You look ill. I will have to be in the club here to-night. Tbat curaed Stahrenstein may demand another tilt for fortune's sake. I have won heavily from him, and I can't leave him ; bnt I will have news of the possible stiocess of our plan by midnight, and when we can effect it. Don't yon go near there again till I tull you. It would spoil all.' Seaton (worn out and nerveless) drank a glass of heavy wins, and then' threw himself on a bed in one of the club apartments. He little thought tbat a wink to Baptists from Jenks canssd that prosaic Rnstighello to give him a goed draught of the opiated wine, occasionally used, when late seances gave an nnnsually good opportunity to fleeGO some neo phyte. When eight o'clock sounded from the gilded mantel clock in Count Stahren stein's salon, the Hidden Prims Donna, Cnalo bat resolute'), was listening to Max Stahrenptein's quiet and explicit direc tions for the escape. The Count was graceful, polished, and kindly. In mere vacuity of purpose, she bad dined in silence. 'Ob J to be on tbe road.' Josef reported the removal of the entire personal laggage of the would be fugitive. Victorine was arranging the probations for a voyage, assisted by tbe nimble valet I?o one had visited the rooms. No cal lers. 'Is there, no other way 7' Irene queried, when the Count ceased explain ing. 'None safe or sure. I have already ordered a locomotive and car. We wiil drive to tbe 'Bal de l'Opera.' Josef will see all the luggage at the station, in safe hands. He will wait, for us with a car riage. We will be at the main entrance at one o'clock. The last regular trains leave at one o'clock ; our special will leave at two. We will ran right on to Geneva, and then over to Constance. There you aro safe, and, (in two days), you shall be able to defy the woild at Purstenfold. There will be a good maid with Josef, and Victorine can wait here. I leave my maitre d'hotel in charge. He will watch over her till all is qniot ; then she can come on and join you, I will send Josef back with her. The whole world cannot find you at 'Scbloss Stah renstein against my will. You can defy pursuit. I have a box, so tbat you can rest at ease at the Ball,,' 'And you will have no trouble with the Police ?' the Diva anxiously said. 'Mademoiselle, a man of my rank i? free from vulgar interference,' tbe Count smilingly said. Irene looked nt the clock, half pa?t eight.' 'How long these hours here,' she thought. Would to God it were two, and we were under way. 'Will we not be observed, as we leave here 7' again demanded tbe frightened song bird. 'No. I shall have several carriages come in, apparently in oonfusion. Josef will cover our departure. He is skil ful.' 'And my lnggage ?' Irene queried, still unsatisfied. 'Je me'm charge de tout. Josef will load two baggage waggons with some of mino and yours all mixed up. He will leave mine a la gare. It is only a blind.' 'Ah ! I see now,'f said tbe capti'ye Diva ; 'but my costume 7 Shall I not attract attention at the Ball in my walk ing dress ? I might be followed by that 7' 'Mademoiselle,' said the Count, smil ing, ns he rose and bowed. 'If you will coosnlt Victorine, vou will see I have also thought of tbat. It will be necessary for us to mingle a little with tbe throng for yonr safety. You mast be tbongbt, for this night, a '.Queen of Beauty. Josef will bring your entire travelling costume in tho carriage with him. I have pro vided a heavy domino mantle. Once in the car your maid can arrange you. The coRtumo seed not come back ; it would lead to detection. It is yours to dispose of. Leave your keys with Victorine. Shn will arrange everything and JoBef will bring them. We are safer out of the house now. I will await you, and we will go at once to the Opera Ball. The boxes will be filled when we arrive. We will leave at once,' Irene, spurred by fear, arose and pas sod into the rooms where Victorine awaited her. As she tamed and slighlty bowed, she caught a glimpse of Max Stabrenstein's eyes in the vast mirror. She trembled as she paesod the door. (To Be Continued.) The coal trade at Bulli last w«ek was generally brisk, 