A MIDSHIPMAN'S ROMANCE. BY w. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," 'The Golden Hope," "The Death Ship," "The Frozen Pirate," "An Ocean Tragedy,"' "A Sea Queen." "My Danish Sweetheart," "The-Good Ship Mohock," "Alone on a Wide, Wide Sea, "The Tale of the Ten." &c.; CHAPTER V.—THE MIDSHIPMAN'S ADVICE. The years passed, and one day my birthday arrived and made me thirteen. My father had consulted a midshipman^ whose friends lived at Bouville, and he had told hi in that thirteen was just the age for a boy to start in the sea-life. He was asked to dinner in consequence of this reply, and I met him flesh to flesh for the first tiiae, though I had often viewed him afar, and gazed at his uniform with envy and admiration. After dinner the midshipman honoured me with an invitation to accompany him in a stroll upon the pier, and he offered o talk to me about the sea. My father nd, mother were very grateful, and I was extremely proud. I would have sooner been seen in the company of that or anyother midshipman in buttons and badge than arm-in-arm with a Prince of the blood royal if dressed in plain clothes and a landsman. He talked to me about the beef and pork which the sailors eat. "No man knows what beast of the field the beef was, when it was created, and how long it had been extinct; .and the pork is a greater wonder even than the beef, because it is not real pig, such as people eat ashore, but an animal that was originally discovered by shipowners, and herded by them in South American plains, expressly for sailors' use." He told me of pieces of ship's biscuit which he had, with his own -eyes, seen moving upon the table upon the legs of the maggots it contained. I enjoyed my stroll with this midshipman, and was very proud of myself. ' We stood on the edge of the quay, and be made me observe the diffdhence between the brigantine and the brig, the lugger- and the schooner. I asked mm if be knew the compass, and he at once boxed it for me, both backwards and forwards, much to my delight and astonishment at his powerful memory. In about a fortnight^after this my father took me with him to London. In' those days there were no steamers from Bouville to the opposite coast* and we had to travel by the diligence, a distance' of fifty or sixty miles, to reach a port which would provide us with steam. We broke the journey at a small, ancient town, and next day before noon we arrived at the seiport. A steamer was sailing that night for London Bridge, and we made haste to secure a passage. We were at liberty to embark in the afternoon, and did so, and at six o'clock we were drinking tea with the master of the vessel in the saloon, a hearty, well-fed man of a rich, red complexion, dressed in a cap with a gold band round it, and a cbat with brass buttons- 1 had never before seen a steamer, and, going on deck, stood staring up at the very tall funnel with the utmost amazement. I leaned over the side to count the paddles, then I -wandered to a hatch covered with brass wire, through which I peered and saw an immense arm of metal buried ia the gloom, and I managed to make out something that resembled a grasshopper of-giant size waiting for the order to hop. -'Hie tide did not serve until eight; the captain mounted the bridge and the ship began to move, and a very large crowd grew excited and ran with us along the quayside. Steam was still-very young, so "that a paddle-boat should have been viewed with admiration and wonder is not strange. She would astonish us even in this age. of the ocean liner' and the gorgeous interior. It was a dark but a clear night, and there was a half-moon somewhere in the sky. I watched the lights along the haxbour slide past, and then the pier lights went astern, and next moment the steamer was bowing the sea with a sullen - roar of foam forward, whilst th< creaming race of her paddles ran into a wake as long as the Milky Way. Thick coils of smoke spangled with the golden gems of the furnace blew from the chimney, and the wind carried them in a thundercloud down upon the sea. It was wonderful. I gazed up and I gazed round, but, unfortunately, my father began to feel seasick and cold. "Why can't I remain on deck?" said 1. "I don't feel sick, and when I'm a sailor 1 shall be forced to keep on deck." This was an original view, and struck hioi. Muttering "very well; you know our cabin." he rushed to the companionw?.y, and I heard him through the skylight, '-a frame of which lay open, howling fer. the steward. I walked about the deck and managed keep n.y feet. A- number of people layabout the foredeck in wideawakes ana .-loaks, helplessly seasick. Every no»v and fgain a stoop of the bow cooled the poor beggars with a half a bucket of brine, but ihry were past caring. Come death! Come damnation! It- was all one, and .tlicir' groans were hideous. They were Frenchmen, and it is impossible not to sympathise with Mr. Thackeray's contempt o r Frenchmen as sailors. \\\ hilst 1 was looking the captain approached, and observing me, called me to him. My father, when we drank tea with the old gentleman, had told him I was going to be a. merchant sailor, and this,- I suppose, made him take an interest in me. "Woud you-like to-step on the bridge, young fellow-my-lad?" said he. "I should indeed, sir," I answered. "Then come along," and at once we mounted the ladder: 1 immediately supposed the weather had charged, and that it had come on to blow a giDe at the very" instant of our satt.ng foot on the bridge. What I felt was the strong breeze made by the ship's own progress, and this, backed by the wind that wss blowing, excited me as greatly as if our paddles had rolled us into a heavystorm. Here now was I, taking a view :.f the sc-:i at night from the height of the tiidge of a vessel that was steaming through the water at about twelve knots. The captain allowed me to remain on "the bridge half an hour, and talked to me as if I had been a man; he then advised me to go below and turn in. We arrived at four o'clock in the afternoon at London Bridge. A dingy haze in the river delayed us; it did more — it shrouded and obscured the view all the way from Grayesend. Of what followed I have no clear recollection, owing, probably, to the fog. Tilfirst thing I did was to lose my father, and as I had no money- in my pocket, and no address to drive to, I was in a state of terror, and ran about amongst men in tall hats. and linen coats, and amongst foreigners who could not speak our tongue and shook their fists at people who could. It is impossible to describe the character of the crowd (the -whole pervaded by a curious smell of dried fish and stale beer), through ti whose legs and under whose arms J, ~ darted in my temped boot. for my father; till all at once I saw him standin; at the door of a cab with our portman teaux on the top, and in a few minutes we -were rumbling on our wav to an hotel in the City. I shall always be of opinion that the little, old- fashioned hotel in the City was amazingly more comfortable in respect of* food, service, and lodging than the huge buildings in which we wander, like the living dead after the Resurrection, whi roamed about searching for their friends. I remember a cosy dining-room, plenty of old oak richly flushed, a chimney-piece which might have framed Henry VlII.'s burly figure when he warmed Jiimsdf, r. few small tables prepared for the meal, a gleam of silver and cutlery. It was pleasant to draw to a fire after sitting in that cab of damp straw. Never before did I enjoy; a meal so much as that plain dinner of fried sole, English roast beef, and c-auii flower. My father ordered some port, and said to me quietly, when the waiter was not listening, that it was very fine wine, full of body. I drank ginger beer. Next morning after breakfast we went to Limehouse, where were situated the offices of the owner in whose employ my father had determined to enter me as a midshipman. I do not propose to introduce the reader to the shipowner, whose offices were at Limehouse, nor will I ask him to accompany me on my first, second, and third voyage- The romance of. my- youth did not begin till I had started on my fourth voyage. I' was then third mate, an<3 my age was about twenty. By this time my father and mother, having grown weary of Bouville, had taken a house at Hammersmith, and were in good health and happy, and seemed to enjoy the change from French habits and fashions to the customs and victuals they had been born into. My ship was the Glendower, a ful'-ricged ship of 1,320 tons register. Owing to a chill, I was unable to join her in the East India Docks, and wrote to the office that I was ill; but, should I be better, would go to Plymouth, and there catch the ship. I sent my chest to the vessel before she left the Thames. I recovered as I expected. bade father and mother good-bye, jumped into a cab with a small teg, and was driven to the terminus of the Great Western Railway at Paddington. I was too soon. A row of carriages stood beside the platform, but no locomotive was attached. Some drunken Navy sailors were arguing on a bench. A few people moved about, or stood beside their baggage. I selected a carriage, put my bag on the seat to secure it, lighted a pipe, and walked up and down the platform waiting for the train to start. Much about this tame two people came along followed by a manservant, who carried a shawl-or two and a lady's portmanteau. One of the two was an elderly man, rather rough in appearance. -He was bronzed, bruised, ana wrinkled with what I guessed had been a long but successful struggle for life in the colonies. The other was a yoimg lady. As I stood opposite my carriage they approached, looking into the several compartments as they walked, and I obtained, without impertinently staring, a very good view of the girl. She interested me in an instant, and I could not imagine why. It was not her heauty; fair indeed she was. A sweeter face no man ever fell in love with; hair a delicate pale auburn, eyes dark violet and thoughtful, cheeks colourless. What was it? She looked at me once, but not again.. Her attire w-as some dark stuff, but I don't think it w-as mourning. They passed down the length of a few more carriagesj then came back. I remained standing opposite the compartment I had chosen. Whilst they walked the rough-looking gentleman gazed at me fixedly- He stopped and said gruffly, but quite politely— "Beg pardon, but you are a sailor':'" "1 am," I said. "Bound to Plymouth, sir?". ''That's' my port." "What ship, sir?" "The Glendower," I answered. "I had no doubt of it " he exclaimed. "I remember your face. I came on board your ship the.Glendower at Sydney,.and asked you some questions." I did not recollect the circumstance, so merely .bowed. . . "What post do you occupy?" he asked; and now I noticed that the girl observed me steadfastly. . - "I am third mate," I answered; "which means no more than midshipman." "My niece," said he, "is going to Sydney to her aunt by your ship. 1 am unable to pee her safe on board. Do you know il there are any- of the Glendower's passengers joining her by this train?" • i was urable to tell him: More people had cwne draining in, and the platform w'-os fairly- populous. But nobody looked us if he were going to Australia. The young lady flushing up, exclaimed— "Is your name Longmore?" "It "is," said 1; and then even as I looked 1 saw- before me that strange and teautifuL-phantom of the pond,, whose expression had been neither glad nor Sorrowful. "Is it possible?" said" I, "that you are the Belle Stuart- I played horses with?" "I am indeed," she answered, "and - believe I knew you when I first saw you." "Is this the gentleman who saw your ghost, telle?" asked the rough-looldng ?r-i.tlemari. She smiled, with plenty of colour left. "A queer yam—a little fantastical; Belle dors not forget it," said' he. "This is a fortunate meeting. I shall feel easy whilst tJ inking of my niece as under the c*re of an officer of the ship, and an old playfellow. John, put Miss Stuart's wiaps and bag in. "1 am delighted to think that you are coing ou:. as a passenger," said I. looking into Tier charming face, which awoke many memories, though I wa6 so young when that incident of the pond occurred that it had produced no emotional impression whatever, so that when the little girl did hot come to drink tea I had forgotten that she had been asked. A grear. locomotive barged into the carriages. "1 wil. ask you to see her safe on board, Mr. Longmore, and shall be grateful for ?r.y acts of attention you show her," said the rough-looking gentleman. There was now too much bustle for talk. Porters were running about, passengers were getting in; the drunken sailors looked out of the windows. -We took our seats after Miss Stuart had tenderly r kissed the rough-looking gentleman; the guard piped his whistle; the book-stalls and the refreshment rooms slided past; it was the broad gauge, smooth, swift, delightful as railway travelling c-an ever be, and presently we were clear of the station, ourselves the. only occupants of the compartment. It is a fact that. I retained a very perfect recollection of the features of the phantom, and in the girl sitting opposite to me I beheld the imagination of my bram, that vision of my suul's eye, clothed in the grsc-e and Eweeti'e-rs of womanhood, sr.mev.-hat tall, a luost fct m tiful !Jgure; an expression of f;:ce as cap*; vating as some haur ting gem of poetry. She asked after my father ana mct'ier and I enquired after her mother, and she iu swered that she" had died eighteen months sgo. She was going out to Sydney to live with an aunt. The dhly relative she had in England was the gentleman who had seen her oif. Mr. Geotge Stubbs was her uncle, and a widower, a-nd strongly approved of 1 er living with her aunt out in Australia- She said—"Your people must have thought my poor mother very rude. 1 reminded her that I was to drink tea with you, but she would not hear of it—would i.ot even call at your house again, aud as scon as possible left Bouville. She was, indeed, mors terrified than you would believe." "She was a little superstitious, perhaps?" "She was a Spiritualist, and believed in ghosts and visions, but, strange to sa.v, was afraid of those who saw them. You saw them, and she was afraid of you." "I only saw one,"' said I, "I can never hop-i to explain it. It was you shaped in moonlight, and when I fell into the water the same face came close to mine. I have seldcm thought of it since."' "I have thought of it over and over again," said she. "It was like believing I was dead, and that vou had seen my spirit. Your parents will think mother acted very rudely," she repeated. . "But she got some extraordinary notion about, you into her head and we left the town," she exclaimed laughing, "as hurriedly as if we had been in debt." 1 saw that she knew the character of the notion that had entered her mother's head about me: in faet, her looks betrayed her, but I asked no questions, and we fell iuto other courses of talk. 1 related for her entertainment a few of my sea experiences and told her how I had run away from school. Her own life had been uneventful. They had lived in Leamington, and then in London, where her mother had died. She told me that her mother was always talking of returning to the colony-, but she delayed it year after year, and then it was too late. Sailors see little of ladies, and this explains, perhaps, why Jack is not over particular. A man in my time might be away for two or three years without seeing a woman, unless black or yellow, and people are surprised if he marries the first girl he meets on his return home. In my case, however. •'the delight I took m looking at this girl who sat opposite wras not due to my taste for distinguishing being blunted by the isolation of the ocean life. She was a thorough lady. Her voice was soft and clear. ;1 could not but wonder that 6o fair and ecgagag a girl had not got married. We found plenty to talk about and Swindon surprised us. "This is very good travelling."' said I, at which she smiled, and I took her into the refreshment-room, which was not very crowded. We arrived at Plymouth, and I found that my- shij) had reached the Sound tlint afternoon, fche had been delayed by head winds down Channel. All Miss Stuart's baggage was aboard of her, and it was convenient that we should join the ship at once, as it was necessary that I should report myself. I was disappointed. I had hoped to find that the ship had not arrived. I had looked forward to a ramble with Miss Stuart in one of the most romantic harbours in England, and a little dinner at the best, which is usually the cheapest, hotel in the place. However, there was the ship, and we must join her, and it was 5 o'clock, and the sooner we left the better. "There is your home for the next fonr months, Miss Stuart,'"' said I, as two boatmen rowed up leisurely to the ship. "She's a handsome vessel," she exclaimed. We drew to the gangway below; I paid the boatmen, who grumbled; I handed Miss Stuart up the steps, and carried her shawls and portmanteau. Captain Bowser, the commander of the ship, in a naval cap and blue-cloth jacket, leaned over the poop rail watching us, and I saluted him. The air was full of the smell of hay in compressed bales;. cocks crowed, pigs grunted forward, and you heard the lamentation of sheep in the longboat. We were outward bound, and though it is true we carried but twelve passengers in all, and they were of the saloon, we should touch nowhere until we entered Sydney Heads. The decks were ofiet, the rigging had been coiled down. All had been done in London. Indeed the ship called at Plymouth only for the convenience of passengers, and if the breeze served her she would sail next morning. Miss Stuart needed no help; she sprang through the gangway, and when the captain saw her, he came down the noop ladder, and touching his cap, introduced nimself. Bowser was a man of fifty, cccked to a turn by many years of seafaring. He had come in through the hawsep'ce, by whic-h is signified he had begun his careei in the forecastle, and you would rot have called, him a man of education, oi very courtly in his address and manners. But he was a good sailor, and a safe and humane commander. He had a very large head, and his neck was immensely thick, and lay in two or three rings under hie Vir at the back. His eyes were staring and glassy, and his general expression was a little wanting in meaning. With the smile of a skipper who addresses a passerger he said— "Are you Miss Stuart?" '"I am," she answered. "Then you are the young lady who has been placed under my charge by your uncle; and I will take very good care of you," said he. "Let me'show you your cabin." They entered what was the custom then to call the cuddy, and I followed, bearing the wraps and bag. This interior was a large room carpeted and panelled. The luizenmast pierced it, but the shaft was fluted, and by gilt and the decorative power of the artist, transformed into an embellishment. Three good cabins were fituated aft, one of which was occupied by the captain. Otherwise the saloon 5wept clear to the walls of the ship, and vas indeed a very handsome, spacious apartment, filled with dining-tables, couches, armchairs, and the like. A large square lutch yawned immediately in front of you as -you entered, and down tliis sank the staircase by which Miss Stuart gained her bertt The captain took the things from me, and Belle gave me a sweet bow, and said a little archly—"We shall often meet," which 'caused the captain to .stare, for it is not customary for young ladies to talk familiaritv—indeed, to talk at all—to a midshipman, though I had signed as third mate, 1 was a bit moody, and sat in my bunk and smoked my pipe. A young fellow cannot leave his home, even though he is used to going to sea, without a little depression of spirits at the start. The excitement of my journey had drawn off my thoughts from the strangeness of our encounter, and how I was thinking, whilst I watched two or three of the y-oungsters light fine new mecrschaum pipes ana try to smoke, and seem to like it, that our meeting was not a coincidence out a miracle, made so b.v the vision of my childhood; and I felt superstitious, and wondered if my mother had been right when she said that Belle's life was to be mingled with mine in some inscrutable way. J went on deck to suck out my pipe. The evening was a glowing twilight, and the .stars shone in the squares of the ratlines. The cuddy was alight with oil lamps, and I stood in the recess under the Dreak of the poop, admiring the familiar sctne of sparkling mirror, and flushing crystal, and hanging flowers. Pale and beautiful lights, delicate as the moonshine of fairyland, flushed the face of the waters, and on them reposed the toweling shadows of men of war and the lesser lights of merchantmen. Somewhere a band of music was playing. I caughti the air and hummed it in lime as I smoked. It was •'Cheer up, Sam!" There was not much exhparation of spirit to be got out of that distant music. I spent a bad quarter of an hour in that recess, and then a man came down of the poop whose company was like to make me more miserable still. He was the second mate, and- his name was burling. He was a dark, gloomy young man, with a stoop, a yellow face, and dead black eyes. 1 had served with him before, and had never known him capable of a moment's happiness or pleasure. "When did you come on board?" said he. I told him. "Well, here we are, outward bound," he exclaimed. "I doir-t need to be told that." "But it's always being outward bound in this life," he continued; "the moment we are born we are outward bound. Don't make any mistake; you can't shift your course, you're headed straight from the womb of life to the womb of earth, and growl you may-, but go you must." "What sort are the passengers?" I asked, watching the sheen in his dead black eyes, whilst he lighted his pipe at the little bull's eye which illuminated the clock under the cuddy front. "Few, thank God; but beastly unfit. The likeliest is Mrs. Trevor, who told me that she's eighty-five, with all her faculties." "And she goes to sea, possessing all her faculties?" said I. "I like to talk to her," said the second mate. "I'm interested in very old people who'are nearing .their end. I asked her this morning in a short cbat if she considered herself saved. And she answered so much so that she had nothing left to do but pray for me." w '"Did you give her a tract?"' I asked. "I hac none upon me; but have plenty in my chest. I'll give you a few to-morrow for the nidshipmen's quarters." "Ay. something smelling ol" blue ruin—." As I said this I saw in the cornea- of my eye somebody coming up the steerage lad- <ier. I looked, and beheld Belle Stuart. 1 was visible to her in the light of the lamps, and without hat or shawl she at • nee came to the cuddy door. The melan- Mirly idiot of a second mate might, with 1 alf a glance, have guessed from her approach ana accost that we were friends, and moved so. Not he; he leaned against tile side cf the recess and sucked his pipe, end stare<5 and listened. I never read descriptions of pretty vomen. and can't write them. But I just «vant to say here that I ha-1 not before seen Belle with her head uncovered and without a jacket, and now she leaned in t'ne cuddv door, the picture of a sweet English girl: her hair shone with the light, .vid I ntver met any- girl with a prettier figure. "I think I shall find my berth very comfortable, Mr. Longmore,'* said she". "I wish we had started. We shall be a small family 7 party at the cabin table. Will you be one of us?" "No," 1 answer®!. "He's only third mat<?,"l croaked the second mate. "And what are you?" she asked. "I -am the second mate." "Why should a second mate sit at the table if the third mate mayn't?" she enquired. "It is the custom of the sea," he answered gloomily. "One of a lot of bad customs, no doubt." And I observed that he did not seem struck by her beauty, or in any way engaged by her manners or appearance. Had this man walked off, I misrht have enjoyed a quiet chat with her. He ought to have seen that she wanted to talk to nse. We thoroughly neglected hiin, and admired together the fairy scene of lights motionless oil board the ships, of lights twinkling upon the shore, of fibres of silver under a large trembling star here and there in the smooth, velvet surface, and right ahreasu of us, backed by the visionary coast, moved a large phantasmal ship in full sail. But nothing would do; the second male continued to lean and smoke. Presently Belle said she would go and write up her diary, arid left me; and, much disgusted b.v the imbecility of the melancholy loon with the dead, black eyes, I went below to see to my bed and affairs for the night. y 