NATASQUTA. Br MRB R. H. DAVIS. OHAPlER V. (Continued.) ' ho has his nose, too, and his ker ridge precisely; head a bit on one side. But it's hard to think she's the woman I'vero bin lookin' for all these years,' he thought, with many furtive glances at the shallaw, excited face opposite. Poor Fanny ap peared in her most unmotherly phase. A maunouvre or a petty secret always intoxicated her like a draught or heady winc. Thp con sciousness that she had a son living, so long as she was forced to keep it looked in her own breast, had been a dead, uneltoring weight, draggingher down night and day like a hand from the grave. But this meeooting him and Inskip, herself unknown; this fence and parry to escape detection; this plotting and countorplotting on Romy's behalf-why, it was a play! She was the heroine of a melodrama ! They wore ell puppets, and she pulled the string. ' 'ou may be sure, Mr. Inskip,' she chattered on excitedly, 'I'll do the best that can be done for theyoung people. I think I can say, without flattering myself, I have always had some skill in managing love affairs. They need the sensibility of youth, with the judgment of an older head. Now in this case I propose a secret marriage, to be kept secret until Richard is able to support his wife. That settles all difficulties. Richard is satisfied; the major can't be dissatisfied (an ho'll know nothing about it); and I-it would be better for me, too,' her voice growing sud denly feeble, ' For if Richard goes to Major Vauk for his daughter, 1 must go with him, and claim him as my son,' she repeated to herself again and again. That was the ground on which she built her whole comprohension of the matter. Inekip atuck the fork into the table, and stood wvith his hands folded be hind him, looking into the fire. ' You don't seem to approve of my ,plan ?' testily. ' No,' turning his grave, stern eyes on hers. ' I kin see no use in Richard's acting a lie for years.' 'It is to gain a wife he loves. It seems to me it must be salvation to a man to marry for love. Or for a woman. This is the only chance for him.' 'I kin see no use in a man acting a lie for years. Least of all, on account of his salvation,' repeated the old man, doggedly. Mrs. Vaux gave an impatient little flirt in her chair. 'Obstinate old mule l' she said inwardly. 'Perhaps, my dear sir,' aloud and energetically, Syou think there would be danger of deteetion. But that's because you :don't khow the world. Success in * 'such a thing all depends on knowing the world. A little skill and man agement. Why, I knew of such a secret being kept-a child was born and its existence was unknown for 20 yeras; just think-20 years! No shadow of suspicion fell on the mo ther in all that time. Oh, I assure you, Mr. Inskip, nothing's easier if you only know the way to do it!' 'Isitagood way? Kin you re commend it to my boy? He turned his head away, afraid to see her face if he hurt her, but wont on steadily: "Ud that mother now, d' ye think, recommend to baher boy to follow her in her shame ? Has it beeoon so good for her ?' Mrs. VHauli rose passionately, but before she found words the pas sion was gone. The life.long dead pain tugged at . her with its old intolerable weight. She got up trembling and crying aloud, and went out, but without a word to him, into the garden and down to follow her eon, CHlAPTER VI. Miss Vaux was sitting in the long g'raes under a big paper mulberry, on the river's edge. The shadow was as dark as a tent over'her and Dort, who stood beside her, and far above was :the tenting sky, its still and vast folds shutting them in. A chance beam of light fell on her head, with its cap and tuft of scarlet feather. The river ,'was a silent pathway of steel grey through the dusk; on its further shore a boat, with spectral sail, tacked and ' jibbed silently as a ghost. The dark ifigure of a crab.fisher, of which only Sthe head and arms could be seen above the water, passed noiselessly •along the shore, 'an unwieldy boat coming after, tied to his waist. He * passed out of sight. ..The silence wIas absolute. There are no einging 'birds in these woods; no birds at all except dork,.tiny sparrows, who hop "*along the sand without a twitter. ' It might be the shore of the Styx,' s'aid Miss Vaux, speaking with an effort. 'And y6nder is Charon's boat, w~?itinig for a passOenger.' :'Dort made no reply. ''' Look at the coloring on the'bark o.f t:his tree, Mr. Dort. Red, purple, saff?ron, 'very shade of the browns. One would think nature had used it for her palette, or tried her brushes on it. SConfound nature and her, palette I' said Mr. Dort inwardly. But his lips were inexorably shut. ' They ought soon to out the sedge,' she ventured,'thirdly. 'This is quite dry. '' What do I care for Charon, or the gsodge,? Why do you talk in this way to me ?' , Because there is nothing else left for us to talk of,' she answered it6di(y. ' Because, one day more and we will be strangers to each other for the remainder of our lives. It is safer that we should meet as strangers now.' ' IRomy !' She rose as though against her will and stood beside him. He hold out his hands to her. ' Yes, I know,' she said, answering words which he did not speak, '1 know what I am to you.' 'But you-you! I am a clam digger to you; that's all! A vulgar feiollow that could amuse you for the time; something curious, a little out of the common town.way, to be ranked with the sea.horse that you dried, or the plaice, with both eyes on one side-eh ?' ' You are unjust;' quietly. 'I have told you that I love you.' 'But what kind of love is it?' When she did not answer, he stood hot and fuming beside her, without speaking. In his secret soul he was ashamed of his rage at being thwarted. It seemed to him, as the dark tree shut them in, there was but this one living creature in all the world. It seemed as if, by a swift, hard in sight, he saw for the first time clearly himself and his past life, his incom pleteness, his uncontrolled temper, his i6gnorance, his conceit. All that he lacked waited for him in her. M~en. tally, if he reasoned about it, of course Romy was a weak, soft creature. Yet she had a curious effect upon him; the man he might be, which he never had thought of till she came, stood before him whenever he was by her side, clear and healthy and real as to-day's noon sunshine. Soft and weak though she might be, there was an invisible wall about her, too, stronger than any strength which he . know. Ho was parting from her, in all probability, forever; he was mad with passion to touch her; her bab)ish mouth, her thin, blue-veined hand, with the glove half oiff, her cloak, were but a hand's breadth from him, yet he could not put his finger on them. The line of invisible air might have been a gulf wide as death, so impassable was it. He spoko at last. She turned quicklly. 'There is but one day more, and then you are gone. Do you know what it is that you leave me to? I wish I could tell you. I have no words like the men who are your companions.' He stopped short. How could he show her that she was the only gleam from that outer world of refinement and culture which had ever come to him? He could not tell her that when she was gone he would sink back into Dick Dort, clam and oyster trader, with neither ideas nor ambitions beyond a lucky planting or a sharp sale. Was it best to tell any silly girl that she had such absolute power over a man's fate ? He would have liked to assert the proper difference between man and woman; to be masterful, dominant; to beckon her toward him ns the sultan his favourite. But he found that, in fact, he did nothing of the kind ; he only raged or com plained. 'You think of duty. You have no thought for me,' he said sullenly. In spite of his flash of humility, hlie felt that he was well worth thinking of. He was sure that there were very .high places in the world waitingk for himself, or men like him. 'Give me a chance of calling you wife, Romy, and I will show you what I can make of myself;' Now Mises Vaux had neither her father's love of talking, nor his facility of expression. Whenever she was driven to the wall and forced to speak, otherwise than by looks or smiles, her words were few, and not particularly well chosen. ' I nvrer thought of what you would be. It's only what you are. You are so-so honest; and I have not always lived among honest people.' Her dark blue eyes met his, but not steadily as usual. They were full of tears ; she hld out her hand, hoping he would take it. Homy had neither love nor pet ting at home; had never had them; she only, therefore, like most still, cold-mannered women, wanted them a little more than the rest of her sex. But Dick drew back, biting his lips. 'Don't touch me, unless you will come to me altogether.' 'It is you who forbid me to come. I do love you. Why won't you believe that I love you, Richard ?' 'How should I believe you ? There is but one chance that you should become my wife, and that you refuse.' ' It is not the only one.' •'What can I do but adopt your mother's suggestion? I confess it did seem cowardly to me at first. But I see no other course.' 'It is not cowardly only, it is bass; it--Is-nb matter: it is one which I will never accept. I will be no man's wife clandestinely.' 'When I came to you to.night I thought your father might consent. But you-' 'I don't underrate the difficulty, as you did. He will not consent to-mor row, nor the next day, perhaps never.' 'What would you have me do, then.' ' Go to him fairly. He is human, after all,' she said laughing. 'He knows what love is. There never was loyaler lover than he to his wife. Let us wait. Love and patience and common sense can conquer anything in time. 'I do not see how you can talk oheerfully and be ready to joke about it,' he said, clapping his hat on irri tably. .. . 'Life does not seem so tragio a matter to me after all, Richard. There's no need of putting our love into the Eroles' vein. There is no danger of our growing old or grey headed. What if we should wait a year or two ?' 'I don't aknow what you mean by the Ercles' vein. I do know that you throw me off as you would a east-of shoe, without a thought. I ask for no more than a legal hold.on you, that I may claim you when the time comes.' Miss Vaux's blue eyes watched him with a quizeical laugh. 'It is my father, I think, that you propose I should fling away like a worn-out shoe that had served this turn. Doesn't it occur to you that the nineteen years of love and ser vice he has given me deserve that I should not turn my back on him for a friend of three weeks' ac quaintance, without at least some thing of a decent apology? I am unromantic and prosaic, perhaps. I know you have all the poets and novelists on your side. Bat, Richard,' and then her voice broke, and she held out her hand again, 'my love for you is the honestest and purest thing that ever came to me. Don't ask me to make it a sham and a lie. I can't oat my father's bread for years under a false name, plotting against him and tricking him, day and night. If that is all that is left to us, I'll go hack to him; you can stay here.' With that the young lady turned and walked up the hill. If she had carried her head stiflly or set her feet down sharply like any other angry woman, Dick would have followed her and renewed the struggle. But she went on her way with as easy, soft tread as the day he met her first, the same genial quizzical laugh on her pretty face. Thorn was no moans of knowing how much flint lay under that soft-tinted flesh and good humour. Ho let her go, and sat down doggedly on the ground, clasping his hands about his knees. 'It's all very well to jog cheerfully along through life in that way, or to proach that it will all come right if we do our duty in a humdrum, honest way' (which poor Romy had never preached, by the way). 'But there is pain and passion in the world, of which you know nothing, Romaine Vaux !' looking bitterly after her retreating figure, retreating more slowly when she found he did not follow her. On the top of the hill she found her mother engaged in active conflict with a blackborry bush that had caught her frizzy oamels'-hair trimming. f'To be eontinud.) 