try— v i 1 = Brisbane Notes. FROM OUI1 OWN COnDBSFONDUNT. lutprtmis, I have to apolouiso tor a imsiiiutcment in in; last. I said, " It is a fact that tbo resignation of Sir Thomas M'llwraith -was gazetted without Sir Tbotnas having resigned/' It is not a fact. I lay my error at too aoor ot too BrUb&no; Telegraph, whoso intorvicw with Sir Hugh Kelson (published last Friday week) makes it appear that tho only word from&I;'Hwraith was that, "Sir Thomas resents your the Premier's representa tions as to his physical condition." Put this, instead of boing a message, through Mr M'Bacharn and tbo Brisbauo friend, from "Wtidbad, as I and everyono elso reud it, was ouly an interrogative sugges- tion of the interviewer's own. The nios eagh of the Brisbauo friend, urging Sir Thomas M'llwraith to resign, was sent to thut gontlomau, and replied to by him, and tbo reply was taulamjunt to touder- .n.lnmitinn no vntl will ntrpnn when I havo explained tbo circum stances. \- It will bo romcinhored, no doubt, that, Srior to leaving Brisbane, Sir Thomas I'ilwraith pluced in tbo Premier's bands a written resignations of tho seat iu tbo llouso— for Brisbane North, and of the place iu tho Ministry— tho portfolio of Minister for Bailwuys. Tho former was novor handed to tho Speaker, Sir Thomas's seat, like all tho others, lapsing whon Parliament expired by cflluxion of time, in 1800. But after Uimsolf doing ' tho incapacitated colleague's work of Minister for Railways far a couplo of years or so, tho Premier did gszetto Sir Thomas M'llwraith out of Iho portfolio, and entrustod it to Mr Phiip. But Sir Hugh, although ho held Sir Thomas's resignation from tho Government, still loft hiui a pluco on the Executive— a merely complimentary honour, of course, but still ono calculated to provo gratify ing to tho bod-ridden colleague. And it scorns the great man professed himself, if not gratified, at least satisfied with tho way tho Premier had troatcd him that \- timo. How, when Sir Thomas M'll- wraith received tho mcssago of tho Bris bane friend— a very old and intimate friend it is— urging him to resign, ho rcpliod that tho document required had hcon loft in tho hands of tho Promior— alluding of courso to his written resigna tion from tho Government. This was plain enough acquiescence in tho prayor of the mosBoge, though a surly acquies cence. lhe Premier, lost no timo in acliogonit. At tho samo timo, as staled last week, a Premier can dispense with . tbo services of a colicuguo, or all his colleagues, at his own sweet will— gazatto them out without even advising them of his intention. Needlosstosay, Sir Hugh Nolson is not built that way, 1 havo nothing more to report in tho way of Ministerial reconstruction. ' As a matter of fact, nothing whatever has been done, or will bo done, for a wdek or ten days. But I think I may say something has been resolved on rinco I last wrote. It is that tbo . impending oliangcs shall como off before the (present) Promior leaves, with the Governor, for the How Guinea visit. Tho start from Brisbano has now been pretty well fixed for ICth inst., so that, in all probability we shall see these changes gazetted within 'the next ten days. What will these changes be? Tho appointment of Sir Hugh Helson to tho Presidency of tbo Upper Houso-that is all wo can depend upon , as yet, because that is all that has been decided on. "Even tbis has not been decided," declares Sir Hugh himself, "but everybody seems to ospeot it now/' Everybody doos expect it, and,' humauly speaking, it is going to como off. As for who is to bo the now Promior, that will not bo deoided, or oven debated, until tho return of Mr Dickson from Hobart. All the other Ministers are now in their places. Thoro oro plenty of (presumed) candi dates in the tiold for Murillo, tho honour of succeeding tho Premier probably hav ing something (o do with tbo eagerness to represent an electorate that takos a deal of stumping. It is said the redoubtable Maguirc, who was going to knock Sir Hugh out in '96, has brushed up his biko, ready for tbo fray. It is also said, and by those who should know, that tho re doubtable Mnuiro has evon loss obanco this time. Bis stylo last timo did not oommoud him to tko doctors. .Nothing so disgusts tbo free and independent ones as unpaid aud repudiated oleotion bills. Perhaps the biko is intended to minimise tho cxpouso, as tho campaign will pro lmbly be conducted on a cash basis this timo. Mr W. H. Groom, who aspires to lead tho new political party now in the incubator, is running Mr Kates, for all both of them are worth ; but Mr Kuios has not tho ghost of a show. Ho will only take votos from somo other consti tutional candidato. Mr WUtio Moore, of Jerandab, is aliboly man, butlhoso who mention tho name of Mr C J. Moloney, of Bondemor, indicate tho can didato most corrootly to Buoccod Sir Hugh Holson as member for Murilla, A "'highly educated genlloman, of prospect- nblo capacity, and conspicuously liberal principles, is Mr Moloney — a staunch supporter ot our nauouai systom ot oducation, although a member of tho denomination that will not accept it at any price. . If Bundaborg is in want of a member, tho Labour iparty is iu want of u now leader— unless they havo already found ono in Mr. \V. H. Browno, who recently told his Golden Goto admirors that after next election ho would go to Brisbano roprpsouting ono of tbo stroogost political parties that over existed. But whoever tho now leader may be, it won't bo iho lion, momhor for Bundaberg. I don't mean by this that Bnndaborg is going to provido itflolf with a new member — or a mombor, as you may prefer it— but that tho day of tho individual presently occupying tho plaoo of mombor is gone. Every politician haB hia diijr as woil as every dog— and somotimos tho ono doosn't . last much longer than tho other. "Wo aro having it dry enough now— not too dry, if it wasn't too hot. Howovor, tho nights are getting cool, cold even towards morning. Tho famous wood- paviog — you can havo no idea how this work iutrudes itself . ou every metro politan ; you must bo a metropolitan yourself to realise that — is making visible progress under tho iofiaonco of the dry. wo&thcr;, and thorc aro still hopes of tho job being 'completed within contract timo. 3rd April, 1808. 