Terrible Bnrning Accidents A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT 8TEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. .&\ BIS FLE9H ADHERKD TO THB HtPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYIN0P2*. AN AWFUL BIGHT. 'fk While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvit had the misfortune to slip 'and fall on the hot water pipes, and befpro he could be rescued he waascjijjed: and burnt in- a terrible way.'*^be: shock of the burning and ths^lUl proved to be very disastrous for'Jttr JarviB, and for a number of .^rs after he was a confirmed invalid, -sujETerV; ing terribly from locomotor ataiijt^|| other forms of paralysis. ^ 'AalP months ago, however, ^^tewi^ be circulated in the n^g^rufoOi ft Mr. Jarri. wa- gettipg W»dCT| and that he had had a. most natttBWK recovery from this aprwrratiyin|ii|p miilady: It was on account ^Jjptti rumors that a special mppr»r;jSom; the Sydnej Worker wa« ^espattShHlp get all information reg»rding;i2(^? and one afternoon he msrialia iM$& his hpqsej 46 Orpwn-lane,' jPj^|fc ? ? ???lifis Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nurs ing a two-yearoid baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that hn was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary ques tions he said :—' You want to know all about my case J Well, I am glad ©f an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken us I was.' ' How long were you suffering! ' 11 Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and T have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bith in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of tbe nialndy, I was forced to give up my billet at the Giebe Island.' 'Wh*t were the symptoms?' 'Simply indescribable. The pains were something- tfrrible They were just about as much ao I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I bad no control over ray bowels or bladder,' and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shak ing, and could neither eat nor Bleep. On the 23rd March last I eaw a well known doctor, and he told me that my ca&e; was utterly hopeless. . However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order ? ' ' No ; I came borne and went to bed, and have heen pretty well in bed ever since. Five we«-kB ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with mo, and only a question of days when I would givn up the ghost. My doctor was amend ing me, and did all hn could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I whs in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to tbe conclusion that I was Buffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, character ized by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinal ing volun tary movements. He told me that I mu'ht last for ten years, and that I might ncvei got the ubb of my legs. (Just then the puient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medi cal opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idoa conveyed by tbe advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I mad in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink PiIIb for Pule People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to 6t my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. Tbe effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though -nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and.restlhad for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was aMe to move about. You see those crutches there t They are perfectly new, and I hava never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them.' ' He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jams, who bad come in and taken tbe baby on her Vn^es. ' The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at IhiB point said tbat Jarvis looked ten yenre younger that day than be did a fort night previous. 'I can now,' continued Jsrvis, ' have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden tho excru ciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows roe has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their ryes My being about aeain has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this eonntry of the as tonishing cures wrought hv Dr: Williams' Pink Pills for Pale -People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise fmm an impoverished state of the blood. Buch as anteroin, rain and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indiges tion, loss of appetite, shortness of hreath, pains in the bask, netvous hwulaohfl, etc. Mr. T. R T. M'Oowen, leader of tie Labor Party in the N S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case oT TbomoB Jarvis. Mr M 'Go wen says he 'has known Jarvia from infancy He also knew that he had to gn-p up -his work at Glebe I^Und abut loin ifc^nlve months ago owing to a mnlftdy .which he developed. He afterwards lieard that Jarvis wan bed ridden, and that there was littln chare' of his re )oovery. H« understood Jarvia wa« re fofeed admission to Sydney Hoepit-1, ;*s bis case bad Keen pronouncpd incur Ifttile. -Mr. M'Oowen was. th'erefr-n-, 3ffke«reryone else who knew the faots, ^founded at the complete recovery of pfcfvjBr ' KI- f?*,Tb-at wonderful pills are obtainable ?*rom lesdinV rhemiRU, or from the ;=p|-/Willi«ms' Medicine On.. Queen's *jP)»C«, Sydney, who -will forward (post JiUd) on receipt of etamns or post *^der|«ne --nx fnr 2s. 9d., or bRlf SrtW* for 15'. Sd. S--e thnt - the Ifenttine Dr. Williams' are gntteti. 