THEIR DIFFERENT WAYS. [?] Methods of Whring Off the Levelara Truth. !JBatdn't?iplaUr7>edlt"withawav< •f tta hand, • lid th?jalr haired girl with 'Who hanbrought uptheaub- Itafc, "w? all know what 'managing' men ■MB* in this tonncotton." "Ob, f*t" ohoruied the re.it of the group ?f todctr girt' who "■"* having n comfort ■Me *?lk In thebedroom of one of tha mini X brfore dispersing for tho afternoon afsata. In that choral b^t cue voice m BBMrwwttd—that of an ignoramus win, kliart?renthc*xen|M(.|alnMrouiu;- Bin DCfwini with woinanatfflh tfct t'.u | hia't test know the meaning of "manag- • iajf'aatbeyuMdit. ! T"|W| WMtt • man wants to squeeze your band/ kindly explained one of them. "Or Us* Jt>n," added another. "Oj put hl? arm arouud you," volun tajNd a third, with a strong accent of >l:s -"-Tnval "They havo to bo managed then, : . know, and if possible without hurting I l&aif; feeling*, Yon don't want v man to t&fok-foa; a prig, hut of course you ctn't JMrmlt such things, nnd It takes n good easTef flnsaslng." •Tlow do voa do it, Tcssie?" asked th? tali haired girl. "You needn't suyyon've BeVtr had occasion, for didn't I sco you ?a4 M — "That'senough," bnstily interrnptrd th? one addressed n? Tessle. "I dent know What I do; It depends en the mr.ii. Some O< them will take n very flight liiut, such it withdrawing tho hand, or moving ? foot or two nway; with others, npain, I've hurt to threaten to screaiu. That alweys li-tcar* than quickly enough." "Daley McCullough—Daisy Smith that was—once gave me n wrinklel," commence! another clrL "She said that when amu took her pand In his"— "I don't believe Daisy Smith ever inter fered in such a case," interrupted the fait haired girl decidedly. "Now, that's n shame," began several de fenders, bat the fair one with tho goMco {ockl p?r?mptorily hushed them up nnd tola them to let Daisy's friend continue her •tory. "Well," the Interrupted narrator went on, "she said that whenever n man tool b*r band sho promptly asked him if he didn't want the other one too. 'That kneaks all tho sentiment Gat as npnnc&ke;,' ahe said. They can be spoony about out hand, bat when you offer them both in that businesslike way they will siiuply drop the one they hold and look foolish.' it'a funny, too, but she was right. I've often tried the plan and never found it to fail." "I always say, 'If you're qulto done with my hand, I should like it back again/" ocmtributcd Teesic "I tried that once," said n very yonng demoiselle, with a eli?htly pensive air, "nna he told mo it wasn't my hnnd; it was my mother's nntil I cimc of nee. Whereupon Isald ta demnrely ns I could, 'Well, Charlla, I feel quite certain my mother doesn't want htr band where it in now,' and he lonebed, aald, 'By Jotp, that's bo!' nnd—dropped it." ''It doesn't do to be too vritty," giUd To il* wickedly. "Hands aren't so much," drawlal n hand some southern girl. "It's when they try to kiss you that I want to surest;:'! ad journment. Wlmt's your little cckimc,. Flora! Yon elways &cem; to keep Uittr friendship In spite of tho fnnb." . : ; Flora was nn Innocent eyed youc;; pcrsoE who looked us 1? "managing" tha Kterncr sox were with her an inborn art. "Ob, I fix It," the ghost of a smile hovering round her pretty mouth. "As soon as they laake an nttempt I drew back, look reproachful —tears In tho eyes, you know, nnd all that sort of thing—and ask them plaintively if they haven't the slightest respect for me. They of coane earnestly nsnxre me of their profound esteem, and somehow we slide olt on other topic*, and the whole thing blows over." Then the question weet round the circle, "What do you do when n man tries to kls? you?" Each pive her "sure care," except a girl rho lounged In a fclwpy hollow chair off In a corner. Red was her hair, red her Cupid's bow of a mouth, and "coquette" was written all over her. She glanced around, then said tranquilly, half under her breath: "Don't do anything."—Chicago Tribune. 