A GREAT WRONGIt O1, THE PYSBTFEY OF BLACK BOLL t LOW GRANGE. h CHAPTER XXVL b TR MIAD xOTSJaL a Unader oat of the greattrress in t?.o:cnds at Mereton HoUle ot Kinc Lear, tadull, dl t vacantlook In his eyes. aHow should he know I" he repe ted, over and over, inadreary mot 'tone. "Howshould he know if it is alladr/hm " t While he sat broodiar thus. r.l watching theyellow learves as tey eddlr3 about his feet, there came flying down from the man sion a small, slender, fe rale figure, the face from which the dark hl was all cut away, ao small, and wan, and ,inched, and piteous thatitwau boc? to tel whuater it waathe face of a woman or a cl ld. He looked up a sh? went down on her knees beside him and c ntched his arm with two small hands. '"It is you, little one Why, what's the matter " he said, kindl. . he aught her breath ones ortwica before she was able to speak. "King Lear, oh, hell. me, pity me " she paataide her imploring esoe uplifted. "They an going to tae my bhly feom me I" "Oh, an, they surely .wooldnt .do " Yes, they will. My baby, my precious little baby, Arthur'sonly baby I" she went on, grat tea mrolling down her wan cheeks. They are going to take him from me. Do yOn hear, King Lear? irs. Latimer told me herself, only a minute-ago, and as soon as I got a chanoe I flew down here to tell you. She says I am too weak and ailing to nurse blni, and the doctor says he most be sent away, off into the coontry somewhere, for some strange woman to keep-my baby. that hasbleptlon my bosom sine the hour he was born. They're going to take him away to morrow morning. What shall Idol Oh, King Lear, what shall I do?" She beat the air with her frantic little hands, and looked up at him with aface that filled the old man's eyes with tears. 'Poor little motherl poor "little motherl" he murmured, caressing her drooping head; "it is cruel enough to keep yo shat up here. If I could only get you away, we might go to the old Orange to gether. The child mother started to her feet. "I m t get away," she whispered. " Am brose was here one day; I saw him. If he had heard me, he would have helped me. Ah, Heaven I before my baby war born," she continued, her bosom rising with eonvulsive sobs, "I used to think of throwing myself into the pond over there. If I only had, all my misery would have been over I" "Bat that would have been wicked, little "I cannot help it. I think the Heavenly Father must pity us, and forgie us our wickedness, when we suffer as I have suf fered all these long, weary months. Oh, KingLear, you can't know how I hare suf fsredl Iam not mad; I hare never been mad for one single minute since they brought me here; but I think I'm going mad now; my head frels like it. If they .take my child from me, I shall go raving wild, and I shall murder Mlrs. Latimer. She took all my pretty jewels and Iaces that Arthur dtae me; but if she takes my baby, Ishall kill her I" Her face was deatlhy white, her eyes like lurid sta, her breath came in" pating gaps. "She shalt not take your baby, my poet little girl I" said the old man, soothi.ngly. ," I'll go and see her about it." But her frantic arms held him tight. ; -No; no; not a word' for your lifteil It would ruin everything, and I might never see my baby again. I am to har him back to-night, and t shall think of some way." "Bistl" whispered the girl, with her finger en her lips. "There goes ?ure Ruth; I must fly. King Lear, if anything happens, you will hear. Meet me in the grounds, and we'll go together. His eyes brightened. "I wish we could,"he answered; "I wish we ceuld" ' " We will. They shall not take my baby. I'm thinking of some way. Be ready, King Lear, and waut. We will go to gether.? She darted from him, and went flat tering across the windy grounds like a lap. roe angry sunset faded out, twilight fell gloomy and chill, and with the night the camplaining winds swelled to a fierce gale. The village bells had rung for midnight, and nearly every light along the vast frontof Moreton House was retinguished, when a woman crept out of her cell and ran along one of the windy corridors, with a flickering taperin her and. Her face was bloodless, and her eyes shone like fire. "'ll do it," she muttered, hbetween her shut teeth; "I'll do it, and save my baby I" - Half an hour thereafter a villager riding along the lane raised a lusty outcry of fire. Failing to arouse the inmates,he left the road and pounded furiously at the gates, shouting " Firel fire I" with every breath. SBy the time the keepers had heasrdand the door of Moreton House were thrown open.a great sheet of flame fluBattered from the main eupoiL, like a royal hanner. "ecirel firol oirel" A doyen throats took up the cry, and re pauted it; and the mad winds whirled the flames hither and thithertill formiles around the starless night was illuminated. Moreton House was in flames I The i. mates came pouring out like hees from their bive ;and the scene that followed defies des ridptiOn. In the midst of the general turmoil, while the fire raged and roared, and the cell-doors were being battered down, and the poor, crased creatures danced and shrieked in their fright, a little figure fitted across the grounds, with a losely wrapped bundle at her bre t.". s - S- King Lear," she whispered, seirning the oldman's arm,as he stood bewildered amid the general tumult, "come I I told you I should think of some way I See, they are all free, and the hateful cells are in flames i Come, let us go." He caught her arm and drew heralong be side him, a auh of excitement and energy lighting his face. "IYes, you are right," he answered. "We will go together. Clasp the child close, and let us be quiek I" And through the fire- lit grounds, through the wide-open gates, away from the nmad, tumultuous crowd, they hurried, side ly side. CHAPTER XXVIII,--.. : "Ambhre Gerhart kept his word. He want hack to London, and had an interriew with Mr. Parkburst, the Treaethcan solicitor. ii' which he'related all he knew in regard tke strange man who called himsell King \- -;He uyh be ir Geoffrey Trerethon. and o: may not be," the london lawyer an reered. "Howew-r,the matter shall be ita .se?igated WewillusisitsMoreton uiouae t • o.,.ad if your suspicions should nros weB eounded, sr, I will see that you reeeirs the promised reward. Miss Treoethon has ofered a handsome one for any information Suoneerning dir etb ey, au, without doubt ,sI do not know:' answered Ambrose, with a flash of scornful auger. "or doa I care. I wobldn'ttouch arentof Miss Tvethonsro. wrd if I were stareing." - •Mr. Pagtkrhe smiled, and Ambroshav h'ing none nt anty in this quarter, determined to b sethis face homeward.. Somehow or other the inclination to pursue his journey had left him. He must tarry in England and see the end of this affair. H?Moreover he was puzzled about that voice that had called his name from the mad-house tower. Was it a parrot, as the crazy gentle- t man had said, or was it some one who knew a him? A fancy possessed him that it might helsabel, and he could not rust until he had seen Maud about it. But what chance could have thrown potr li':! Isabel into a mad- t house? The idea seemied absurd. Amhrose went home, nevertheless, and reached the Fellside farm one wintry night, when the first snow of the season was failisg. c He found the windows alight, and Maud in the best parlor. She hada visitor--8r Harry Tresham. He looked a trifle embarrassed when Am brose entered, and said something about, re turnlng to the village. "Wait a little while," said Mand, with her frank simplicity of manner; "Am brose will be going back presently, and you will be company for each other; and yon shall both have a cup of hot coffee before you start. \- 5ir Harry seemed nothing loth to comply. He settled hack into his seat in the fireside corner, his handsome eyes following Maod, as she moved about, with an admiration he could not conceal. "I am so glad you have changed your mind, Ambrose and come back," Maud said, as she put her shining coffee urn before the coals. "Your mother has been fretting so about you, andshe is reallyill." "lil? Poor mother, is she? Then I must tell my story, and hurry on. I haven't been home yet, I'm on my way from London.. .. . - - He related his adventures at Moreton House, and "told of the cours e h ad pur sued in London. Sir Harry listened with in terest. " You saw Miss Trevethon, of course 7" he said, when Ambrose had finished. "What view did she take of the matterd" Ambrose struck the coals a blow with the poker, that sent them sparkling all over the hearth. "I did not see Miss Trevethon," he an. swered almost wrathfully; " there was no need. I saw her solicitor, and I am done with the whole thing." Sir harry smiled significantly, as if a new ultught had struck him, and glanced across at Maud, butshe took no heed. Her thoughts were busy with the story Ambrose had told her. "In a mad-house? My poor little sister I It surely cannot be, Ambrose? But I must go to Moreton House, and find out. I shall star to-morrow." "I'11 go with you," said Ambrose, "It mqther is not too ill." Sir Harry fidgeted in his chair. '"I don't see how she could have got into a mad-house, Miss Melville," he said, " but of course you will want toibesure. But to make sutech a journey in this wretched weather, with asuch a slender chance of success Let me go in your stead. I will leave no stone unturned, I assure you." Maud gave a grateful glance. "Yon are very kind, and I thank you, Sir Harry, but I must go myself,"she said. "And to think, Ambrose, Arthur Marlowe marries again on Thursday." " He does?" "Yes; Sir Harry came to tell me. He has been making inquiries about poor Isabel, but has heard nothing, only that I' "The villain l" cried Ambrose, through his set teeth. "I told you all along, Maud, he was lying. I wish I had followed my inclination, and throttled him, when I met him in London that day I Poor Isabel I How soon the wretch forgets her when .he is so anxious to marry again, in this brief time." -"That's Lady Marlowe's doings," Sir Harrypout in. "She actually forcas him to marry the Lady Bianca, they say. It is a strange piece of business altogether. I really don't think he knows where your sister is, Miss Melville. I spoke to him about her, and he seemed to be bewildered. He is not sound in mind, that's eriient, and the most miserable looking fellow-a mere shadow." "And hemarries on Thursday, neverthe less, a titled lady," sneered Ambrose. " Bah I don't tell me about him I A lying, cowardly tillin. Let him cros me again, and I'll settle the account." "Come and drink your coffee, said Menaud, "and then you most go." "If I start for Moreton House to.morrow, I have no time to lose. They drank their coffee, and having bid their fair hostess good-night, setforth to gether. "I shall be up again in the morning, Mi?s Melville," said Sir Harry, raising his hat and standing uncovered in the white, whirling snow; "' there may be some service can do for you. You must bearin mind whatagreat debt Iowe you." Maud smiled, and her smile was indescrib' ably sweet and winning. "You owe me nothing, Sir Harry. Good night" The doorof the Fellsidefarm-house closed, and tho two young men journeyed across the moor together. "Suppose you goon with m; I can give you comfortable quarters," said Ambrose, when they reached the cross-roads leading down to the village. Sir Harry thanked him, but refused, and they were about to separate, when something caught the eyes of Ambrose-a twinkling light far above. "Look up yonder," he cried, "there's a light in the old minor-there is, by love I" "Ho there 1st" Sir Harry responded. "What does it mean ?" "Who can tell? I must go up and find eut." "n 'ot to-night?" "Yes, to-night. Why a':t' "Well,one might get throttled by outlaws, or worse, encounter the ghosts." "I do not fear either. I'm going, and Ibid you good-night, sir." "Not so fast, my friend," laughed Sir Harry. "One would think you had had enough of that bewitched old house. But have your way, however, if go you will, you must per mit me to accompany you." "There is no need. I am no! afraid." " Nor I, and two heads are better than one. We will go together. " So be it," said Ambrose, and side by side they left the moors and ascended the bill path toward the Haunted Grange. As they neared the old house the light grew more distinct. It gleamed from the window of a chamber that opened upon the Southern terrace. The young men made thlir way up the steep ascent, crossed the dismal hollow, and entered the grounds. Sir Harry bad pro cured a stout stick which he carried in hi d right hand. "We may meet with a warmer welcome than we care to have. At any rate it will do no harm to be prepared for the worant," he said. Ambrose took no heed, bro strode straighton across the grounds and up the terrace steps, looking neither to the right nor the left. The window, half torn from ito casement by the high winds, was accessible from the terrace. Ambrme, reaching it first, swnng himself uptoa leel with thesill and looked The room within was only dimly lighted by a common candle, but on the ruined bhearth a fire bhrned, and before it crouched two human fgures, an old man, his white heard tlowing to his breast, and a woman-a small, girlish thiag, with an infant clasped to her~breant Ambrome could see them distlnctly, in the circle of the firelicht. and while he looked ho s in wonder and coriosity, the woman's oicre arose, singlng in sweet, tremalaus tones,a Slullbty to the child. Something in the voiro eat straight to h the heart of Ambrese. lie gaoe a sudden I start, ahd the window-eill gaee way, s" The oman, starited hy the soond, teined aharply round, and he saw her tocs, \- 2'.iMgful Heasen " he cried out, leaplat .... back to the terrace. It is Isabel !" CHAPTER IXN. A SCEPTRE AT TInE MARIAGOE. ' Add to-morrow is Thursday, and Arthur's. wedding.day," said Sir hfarry, significantly, as they sat around the hearth of te Fellside farm house, on the following morning. "I beg your pnrdon. Mies Mrlrille.,but wbhat ever you decide to do must.be done atonce; there isn't a minute to lose." Isabel sat in her father's old chair, with her babe at her breast. She had told the whole of her sorrowful story from beginning to end. She had heard of herfather'sdeath, of Arthur Marlowe's approaching marriage, but her white, sad face did not change. She did not shed a tear, or utter a word of re. gret; she only looked about her with her great, solemn eyes, and nestled close to Mand, clasping the babe to her bosom. 'This is; home, and' yoo won't lat them come here and take my baby from me, will you, Maudie I" was all she said. "Poor little mother I her trouble has dazed her," said King Lear. "They all get that way at Moreton House, poor rean tCures I" " You are right," said Ambrose, in reply to Sir Harry's remark ; "there is no time to lose. What do you say, Maud 1 Shall Arthur Marlowe's marriage go on or not " "'It shall ne go on I" she answered, her black eyes flashing. "My sister and her child shall go to Marlowe Hall. Wve will start 'at once. Isabel, dearest," she con tinued, turning to her sister, "you'll go with me, t know. Your child's father shall not cast you off and marry another woman." Isabel lifted her solemn eyes. "I'll do anything you say, iMadie," she replied, meekly. "But you'll not let them take my baby ?" "No, darling; no one shall touch-your baby," answered Maud. "My poor little sister I" she added, aside. "Seewhat they have made her Her mind is qoite gonet Do you think I shall let them go un ponished? " Sir Harry flushed and looked embar rausedl "No. liss Melville, not if you haee power to punish them," be said ; "but are you sure you can I" "Why, what do you mean? Didn't Arthur eareluwe n?rry my sister l" " I beh your pardon, Miss Melville, but we most have tie proofs. There are such things as mock marriages, you know." "If he dared to dishonor her, I'll have his fife for it," said Ambrose. Maud's Olive cheeks grew painfully red, but sehe turned resolutely to Isablel. "Isabel, dear, you remember when you were married to Arthur, don't you 1"she asked, gently. Isabel looked up. a faint smile lighting herod adeyes. "Oh, yes, Maudie, I rememberl The dreariest, stormy day it was, and I was so houmeick, and he took me, through ever so many smoky streets, to a great church, with candles on the altar, and music that made me cry, and there we were married I" "Hlood, little mother you're not so far gone as I thought," cried King Lear. "But, love," continued Maud,,, was there no wedding-ring, no marriage certificate? Try and think," Isabel put her thin hand to her bead, a bewildered look in her eyes. After' a minute she broke into a little, gleefl sort of laugh. "Oh, I lemember. Itow stupid of me to forget. Wait one minute, lMaudie," she cried. And putt;ng up bher foot on the side of her sister's chair, she began to unlace her boot "They were such pretty boots once," she rambled on, childishly. "Arthur bought them for me in London. He said I mnst have good, stout ones. to walk with him about the grounds. He gave me so n ony nice thins, Arthur did, but Mrs. Latimer took them all, my pretty Iaces and jewels. I saw her wearing my opal bracelet a little while before Iran away I But I'd e had my revenge I That was a glorious fire, wasn't it, King Lear? Didn't all the hateful cells blaze up IMrs. Latimer can't lock up the poor ereatures any more, can she ?" "No, indeed, they all ran away that night, I'll warrant," laughed the old Mlaud watched aer sister curiously as she continued to unlace her well.worn shoe. "'Go on, Isabel," she said ; "what were you saying about the ehoe ?" The wild fire which had blazed up in Iso. bel's eyes died out. "I forget so soon," she said, simply. "eIly mind seems to wander. It was themarriage I certicate was talking about, Arthur gave s it to me the same day we were married, just as we were getting ready to go to Marlowe Hall. 'Take good care of it, Isubel,' be said, ' and hide it in a safe place ; you might need it some da . 1 was putting an my new boots. and I tore a little place loose, and slipped it down under the lining, Arthur laorhbing at ms all the while. It eta there, and when they locked me up in the mad.house I put my wedding-riog with it; and Mrs. Latimer didn't get them, because she had big feet, and didn't core to take my shoes; and here they are yet." She drew forth a plain gold ring, and a slipof folded paper, and put them in Maud's b and. "Wh'ata cunning little mother it is, tobe I sure,"' laughed King Lear. "Who would have thought it?" Maud looked atthe paper, and then passed it to liar H-a y, S "It is agenuine certificate," he said, when he hbad examined it; "she is Arthur IMarlowe', wedded wife." "Then his marriage with another woman shall not go on," cried Ambrose hounding to his feet. "Come, Maud, let us make ready for the journey at at once." The wedding feast, is net, the wedding gnests are assembled; the bride sits in her r bower with her maids about her, all clad in her bridal finery, the orange blossoms on her r brow, her silvery veil floating to her feet. Lady Marlowe, in her silk and diamonds, swept in. "Edith, love," addressing her daughter, who is chief bridesmaid, "we are quite ready. Ilianca, dearest, how very well you are looking. Give me a kiss, and we'll go Lady Bianca turns with languid grace and holds up her cheek to receive the motherly embrace; and then, rustling and shininsg like a silver stream, the bridal train swept out,anddown stairs. At the church, the bridegroom and his party are to join them. They enterthe waiting carrlages,and are driven away under the leaden, wintry skies. "Ah," sighs Lady Marlowe, under her breath, falling back amid the cushions, when this is well over, how exceedingly relieved I shall feel." Over the frosty, frozen roads, under the black arches of the clanking trees, they fly along; and away in the distance, another vehicle, a closed carriage, drawn by twa panting hores followed them. The carriages arrive at the church, and the bridal party get oot. OldSir Hereford and his son awaits them at the entrance; the son looking older than the father, so terribly sar the lest twgldr months changed him. is face is caloorlem, the hair on his temples are streaked with gray, his eyes have 's Stmnge5 introverted look, as if he were walk. d tug in a dream.'. "Ah,'here you ar, Arthur," called oua lie gaoe a slight start, glanced about him wistfully as if looking for something he had no hope of inding. and then adeanced tu meet them. - " If it must be done the sooner it is ore? be tb better," be muttered, under his breath, as they fSled down the isle. 'They took took their places before the al atar; andin sonorous tones, the clergymoa n began the ceremony. - (To bn'entinrnsl.) 