GENERAL AND VARIOUS. (Br Sua Eo.) Rather a neat ease of diamond cut. dl?. mond has dome undei my ; otioae.. A Meld :; bourne merchant found himself in a finan dally speaking, tight plaee, and resolved tQo fix things up with his redlitors asmuch to. his own advantageaspossmlble. Aeordfogly he wont to merchant No, 2?-with the most valuable pbrtions'of his stock rnd asked film to conceal them in his' celar till the aediE.' tore' demands were disposed of. The rT quest was readily granted, and, shortly after. wards, an airangement with the oreditorg'" was enoeesmsflly accomplished. I" bigf:; spirits'No. 1 went to No. 2 and i:beerfally demanded back his hidden. gool3q. Y ri?dj goods" was the reply "what goodse "' ", Wh the goods I left In your cellar, you- knowlr "My dear friend, I have none of your goods here; the geode you refer to were mine, and I've sold them long 4o. - Then there. was, as thd safyig is, #tYse diivil to pa... Entreaties and- pleadinsa were of no. and ultliately legal. proceedings :wer. threatened, but. weore .pet with al. foi guffaw. "Summon away" cried 1so. 2e'?. wonder 'Is :there- : oral '-antaeh'd to the~ story. rI have.a nephew Who enas a stat sboj-e in an adjoining Ire, Recently a I pupil arrived and the-teacher asked her name. "' iss Boyle" was the. reply. As d the other girls were known, by the names of. "Maggie," "Nellie" eto,, and Miss Boylei was"an.uneouth personagei with a fraway head 'of red hair, and a -voice savouring: "1 strongly of the Emerald Isle; the.teM?ohrt who saw no 'reason why this young lady should be so distinguished from her confteres? u Insisted on having her .fire name .',''Me yy nedmo's Triumphina, sir". 'was the reply. and the teacher subsided. r- Does any reader rememnber the days whenm 'r the Shakesperlan Dranmaused to" be play&ed; by the local club ina Vning'a Athaneonim And, if so, do they remember an old ideh a. tityplaying the ghost ilnHamlet,- -Aparty. e- of commercial sravellers were seated at the as back, and when the Ghost in a'deep hoarse ,n voice ejaculated, " Farewill, 'farewill, :re ad mimber me' 'one of them called out -" By is G-, old mac, we,ll nevir forget you;" I ey think it was the funniest stage effect I evedt ha witnessed. II- Quite'a number of Scotch people read.the r rANIDaaD,and it seems'only right 'thatithey' " should now arnd again be treated to a fe? . th lines of the " mother tongue." Travelling. between Olasgow eand Paisley in days gone re by, I overheard ·i very curlousJefnltlion of ya mean man "'- Oar 'Annie's man'd~" said n. the woman eitting next me, athe inmaistmean . il man 'in a' ~e Shaws. 'For yirea'naibiddy' dcould convince "mi'-that he 'lbb~ ti'e hae his ad life insur't, onna' tha6tilme he ne ev tq ' is bit o'" eai o"' 'mielf. Hoverer, at langs . ro length we got .um tae tal?' ot a polista "lj'mn' .. r.A d'yo hed liB` 1id'ns" in0 o piulfagi his at richt stiae ?f~tein'til , mdrnin' n oo Nus, gs lass, he wid'na'dYtfor tls:wobl'. An he uso.d rtao jump' on an'i'f thexbiyarri when fl?ey' . were rinnin; btlKhe insists noo'di" waitin.... ed till they come ad a'd dol stop ..An' nisifrrer no gane nor yl·tierday I saw l'um wV mia ial ean a deleeberately 'cress the street ratibrtilti-a ,at walk a' bit on a lather. The '~rftiod :-;e er, marks, "Well, it'srale strange. "Straege,s , or replied the agrieve woman:: ": tber'nae. Y' thing strange aboot it. It's list hisa nb?r ? nd meanness." ro rer I was told that a'certaiq l~dy bad ltbr of htrt beoause she had heard that I ai'd? he, aie was no chiocken. And this set me a thinking, a.. and wondbring if the'average youtag woman a considers it a complimeant to belc',leol, m. chicken, r '' We had not met for over a year,. 'nd r questioned hirm. ." Bythe.bye,. old, ma,. what became of that pretty widow you pspr,"+ so sweet on at St.. ildaY' , ! Oh, she's married now t"-he replied?. :'hxSft tooa . bd," said I ; ".but -you -always .wereo."h .. ng lucky in your love affairs,"' ;.. .--w-welly. said he,.; "you be- about sight," ..T ename. n my question,-" By the, way, who .di4lshae Is' marry p' And my friend,-he aniwered, he 'Me."...•- .:. :ty A pris has been offered b' an enttrpetsfng ok journal.for '=a description'of; the.igretAtbe Scuriosity' In the' world. I look -lsa t-IBa. og prize as my own. For mygremteat ontlit oa I deacribe as a woman who has t any. . *li- '• .. S Tickets; please; he iterminus "s reached. of One of the firms who ouffeared by the o late great f6r inlMeiolbourne, Mensrs;,-Lin . coin, Stuart &. Co. Proprietary Limnited, Slaving soldtheirlhte ptmisee,lharveaonr re ed a long leoasde of th'tb commodlnohes pre ' mnieconow beingeroz~cted on the aThifely Snocopied by Mesars.' OCawford & Co' in Flinders Street, next the MIutusl Store, Swhere they expect to be in fullbusiness in order-by Soptemb'r next. Tihey are at in present in occupation of tempory premise?s \- at 234 Flinderc Street and 14 and 1I a Russell Street. With a view to united naction being r taken by the muonicipal bodies -of g the colony to forward tohe , federa- j' a tion movement, the Mayor of Mel-' f b'ourno issued an invitation t 'the d whole bf *tho municipal conociL, of tihe * colony to sendlropresentativcs to - 09on- Sforence, to be held at the Town-llllMel. Sbourne. It blia now been settled that the. conferonce will bo held on Thursday,' May 19\. Replies have been receitedod.frim Smuny of thel councils expressing Iho , Ihealxiest co-operation, nod appointing re Spresentativoa to attend the confeienice.-' On Friday, the 20th May, the delegatees will be w-lcomed by the Mlayor at lunth,.' i and on Friday evening will be present st 1 a public moeeting of citizens, which will r be held at the Town-llI, and which 'will Sbe addressed by roprsentsahve speaker.. The words 'Lincoln and MidlandCounty Drug Company, Lincoln Enagland,"?-arei - .. ?ravod on the Governmei: Stamp; arP:. .'CrA.RKES WORLD FAME,? : SMIXTURL"' blown in the Bc.te .?. thour . h ch nos are genuire. 