CHAPTER III IHB BANDAGED HAND AGAIN. “ In mercy’s name, cut deeper.” “ But, man, I tell you again and again that it will do no good." These were the words which Detective •Carter heard as he stood for a momen"; outside the door of Doctor Gordon’s office. He had gone there at once on finding that Langdon had left the house, and knocked upon the door. He was in the disguise which he had worn that morn ing. Langdon recognised him as Soon as he was admitted. The unhappy man had torn the ban dage from his hand, and was begging Gordon to use the knife again. Bis face was contorted with pain. His whole appearance was pitiful. He turned to the new-comer. It was evident that he made a tremendous effort to Bpeak calmly. “The operation relieved me for a time," he said, “but you did not re move enough of the diseased flesh." ‘1 My dear sir, your flesh is as healthy as an infant’s,” said Gordon. “Ib it not so P He appealed to the detective, who took Langdon’s hand. The little wound made that morning was already begin ning to close healthily. “ I must disagree with you, doctor,” said he. “ I detect unhealthy symptoms, and would reoommentt the course which the patient advises. He signalled to Gordon as he said this. The physician immediately abandoned his opposition. Carter took an instrument, and slightly enlarged the wound in Langdon’s hand, taking care to make it bleed copiously. Again this Btrange man’s face ohanged from an expression of agony to one of ecstasy. “ This will effect a permanent cure,” he said. “ I feel sure of it. You have saved me." When the wound had been bandaged, Langdon put his left hand into a pocket of his coat, and drew forth a large Bum of money. “ This trifling fee—” Langdon began. “Not one penny,” said the detective. “You have already more than repaid us." “ How r “By permitting us to see a most | astonishing case in Burgery. The obsoure cause of your disease—’’ “ You do not know it 1” cried Langdon, quickly. “Not yet, but I hope to discover it in time.” Langdon smiled as if relieved. “ In the interests of science," he said, “I suppose I should wish you success. But 1 believe that it will baffle you.” He took his leave most courteously. The detective did not “ trail ” him this time. Instead, he assumed the disguise which he had worn at Mr Langdon’s | house, and went to call upon the Glea : sons. He found MrB Gleason and Mr and Mrs Herbert Gleason in the drawing room, to whioh a butler ushered him. To them he reported Mrs Langdon’s condition as unchanged. “ They refused to let me see my daughter,” said Mrs Gleason, who was in tears. “ My son sayB that he will force them to do so.” “ If you will be guided by my advice,” said Carter, “ you will not insist.” He then used such excellent arguments that all three agreed to allow the hospital physicians to have their way. Carter could not have accomplished this except by assuring them that they should be summoned when ic was found that Mrs Langdon was surely dying. “And now,” said the Senator, “do you think that there is any reason to suspeot Langdon of being the cause of this V “ None whatever,"' said Carter, promptly. Gleason looked in triumph toward hiB wife. “I am glad she confided her sus picions to you alone," Baid he. “ I can Bee at a glance that you are a man of discretion." “ The truth is that my wife is possessed with this notion of man’s jealousy. It’s a regular monomania with her. “ I wouldn’t mention such a thing, of course, if it were not that you have been let so far into the family secrets that it’s useless to try to keep you out. You must regard me as a monster of jealousy.” “ I do not." “Then you do me no more than jus tice. The truth is, that about a year ago I objected to a young fellow’s attentions to my wife. “ There wasn't the least harm on either side, of course. It was merely foolishness, and that’s why I called a halt. This man, Loring—’’ “ Herbert 1” exclaimed his wife. “Well, I didn’t mean to mention his name, but it’s out now. He was Arthur Loring, and a very good fellow, too, I dare say, though rather indiscreet." “ Indiscreet 1 what do you think of your own conduct at this moment ?” “ I think," said Gleason, replying with some warmth to his wife’s protest, “ that the doctor will treat this information as Btrictly confidential. And I also think that he ought to have it, in order to un derstand your position in regard to Lang don. “ It’s no small thing to charge a man with murder, as you have done, and I’m doing my best to stop this affair right here. I think Doctor Monroe under stands me.” “I do, perfectly, and I think you have done the wisest thing possible.” “ I oannot agree with you,” said the Senator’s wife, angrily ; and she left the room. Gleason, who had remained calm throughout this interview, permitted his emotion to be seen after his wife had gone. “For Heaven's sake,” he cried, excitedly, “don’t aGt upon my wife’s word to you this morning. I have simply been soared to death ever since 1 heard about it. “ If you mix us up in suoh a scandal, it will simply ruin me. I’m under obligations to Lsingdon that make it tremendously important for me to keep out of this. “I tell you again that my wife is simply orazy upon this subject. Why, Bhe never reads in the papers of a woman’s death, but she thinks at once that she was murdered by a jealous husband.” It looked very much as if Gleason was trying exceedingly hard to shield Lang don. Carter wondered how much of a figure these “ obligations ” cut in the present affair. And he also wondered what Gleason would think if he knew of the discovery of the letters. One thing was evident—his investiga tion would receive no aid from the Gleasons unless the young woman could elude her husband, and inform him further aB to the oasis of her suspicions. He tried to satisfy Gleason’s fears. “ You may trust in my discretion," he said ; and took his leave. For nearly a week after this, the course of affairs must have been quite satisfac tory to the Senator. Not a word about the affair reached the ears of the public, Mrs Langdon remained at the hospital, and nobody was allowed to see her. Langdon confined himself to his house, except upon one ocoasion. That was on an evening when he again visited the office of Doctor Gordon. HiB hand had begun to pain him again. ’ Acting under Carter’s advice, Doctor Gordon used the knife again, but very j sparingly. He drew blood, and that was about all; but Langdon was relieved. Three days later, the detective sat in the doctor’s office. It was about four o’clock in the afternoon. Gordon was not there. A man, whom he remembered as a servant in Langdon’s house, came with a note. It was addressed to Dootor Gordon. The reader will remember that when Carter first took Langdon to the doctor's office, the detective played the part of Gordon, while the real Gordon repre sented himself as a physician who happened to have called. This deception had been maintained throughout, on Langdon’s subsequent visit to the office. When, therefore, he saw the note addressed to Gordon, he | knew that it was meant for himself. He broke the seal and read— “ You have done your besc for me, but a time has come when no man can save mb. However, I owe you a debt of gratitude, and I will pay it. Follow the bearer to my house, and you shall know the secret of my torture.” Detective Carter obeyed that summons with an alacrity quite remarkable, even in so active a man. He did not lose one second.-' When they had reached the house, the servant ushered him in with I scant courtesy. In fact the man seemed overcome with fear. He had never ceaBed to tremble during the ride up town. “ Something dreadful is happening in I this house, sir,” he said. “ What it is, I don’t know; but Mr Langdon’s looks, sir, when he sent me for you, were enough to freeze the heart in a stone image, sir ; they were indeed.” “ Where is he ?” “In her room, Bir.” “ You mean his wife's ?” j “Yes, Bir. And you are to go up I alone, and rap three times. I daren't go near the door, sir.” “It won’t be necessary. “I wish1 to send you upon an errand.’' The man took the note given him, and seemed glad of the chance to get away. But he.had one question to ask. I “ Mrs Langdon, sir, is she ever eoming I back ?” “Don’t wait to ask questions. Take that note.” Carter ran up stairs, and rapped three times upon the door of the apartment which had been Mrs Langdon’s A hoarae and weak voice answered— “ Who’s there ?” I “ Doctor Gordon,” was the answer. “Thank God,” came the voioe, “you are not too late.” The door was opened by what might well have seemed the ghost of Maurice I Langdon. The man’s hair was dishevelled; his face the color of ashes. | He wore no coat nor waiBtcoat, and his shirt was open at the throat—tom open evidently, for it hung in shreds. The right arm was bare, and the hand was without its bandage. That hand was covered with blood. A table stood near the window, beside the writing-desk. Beside the table was a gigantic bowl of ancient pottery—Borne wonderful relic of a forgotten civilisation, brought from the Bast. It was covered with hieroglyphics; and as Carter approached it, he saw that it contained a great quantity of blood. On the table was a small case of sur gical instruments. One of them had recently been used. While he made these observations, Langdon seoured the door. “ It has come to this,” he said, calmly enough, though there was an insane light in his eyes. “ There was no other cure for my torture. Blood for blood 1 Merciful heavens 1 How long will my veins supply it? How long before the last drop will flow, and my pain be stilled forever ?’’ 