HOUSEHOLD. The wny to spoil a child is to give it all it wams und require nothing in return. Thc way to make a child grow up to be sensible and un eel ti nh is to nive it little and require of ii much. For it ia not what others do for ns ll) nt bi1 nell ta us, bul what wo do for our- selves «nd others. There are parents whoso only Bindy is to gratify their children, and this they I hink is generosity, lt is Hot gciiumsity ; ii is selfishness. To gratify a chil l ia a keen delight, but to make it do its duly is often troublesome. To let it off" it less m co-ts ouly a word ; to give it a toy ia un H tr« ir of a few peuce ; to say to it some fond anil flutlcriug wordB is no trouble at nil. If ut the motueut you begin to enforce a duty, or emu pul thc faithful pe rt urn. ance of a tusk, you encounter diflicultieB, you have to lake trouble, und practise some of thc cardinal virtues; you have to be patient, firm, nod wise. The difference between a good parent and a b«id parent is this: A good parent trent- his child in thc way that will bc most bcn<licial to it when it is grown up; a bad pin-ut. tliiiikß only of thc child's enjoyment of to-day. Don't buy ?heap boots or gloves. Don't forgeI to iron thc wrinkles out of ulceveB occiiriionul.y. Don't une cheap poor ribhnu in millinery. Don't weir a Bailor hat if you have a wide fticc. Don't, with u small ullow auei', indulge in -striking modes. Don't exited your hair to shine unless you brush it thoroughly night aud morning, KVÜSHítíy HINTS. Ii is well for purent a to heed thc warning given very recently by an eminent physician ugaiust thc populur merry-go-rounds. This kind of sport, bc declare«, la exceedingly in- jurious -o delicate children, and should be very sparingly allowed (o robust children. Tile rapid cit cid« r motion, bud the mental excite- ment induced, produce cerebral congestion and vertigo, and injure thc braiu. No child eau ride in the merry-go-round with na fe ty to li ru 1th longer th nu thc one turn allowed for tho money. M. Ci i I ber I, of Moulins, the physician in question, dec I urea that children ure nervous enough nowadays without having their pre- disposition increased hy mechanical means, and that il ia far preferable to lake children out into thc country, in the eua, than to lead them through thc booths of & fair to treat 1 them to the nierry-go-rouud by thc hour. For thc Rame reasons-nuuiely, ihn vitiated air .iud dm intense ment ul excitement, delicate uer v oun children should liol bc Ld ken to t heat rca or to the circuís. Lillie in fan IN oih-n cry because they are Bullering from thirst, thirst for water. Milk docs nut que Deli thirst, UH in ul herd rou fnquenily mippo.se. A nursing hollie of pure water B h ou Kl bc li.pt near at lmnd, su it may lie o IK-red to a chilli that, wakes and cries in thu nielli. In nine cases out of ti n thc water quiclb the child, and it .lr..-.-, .intCL-p. TUB M'AKK ItKllKUUM. Rooms that are uniiihuhUrtiud lor any length of timo Income Kind nf giioälly, and thu stranger entering them feula lonely, partied* larly ia thc sparc bedroom where lie or the ia left, entirely alone for tin- night. Thc walls air damp and cold, even in midsummer, thc bcd-clolliing is dump and chilly, yen, even musty-spiders have spuu their webs in the corners, und there in no place under the Min more cheerless, unmvitim;, h-mdy, and even dangerous to the eAU'Hi thun thia very BRUIC sparc bedroom, dangerous I icc* usc one ia liable to con traut a heavy cold, .which might culminatu in pueumouin, because »»f Bleeping in a damp room between damp K nco ta mid under damp envers. Any room kept closely shut up must of ti eoe« bi ty become chilly ami damp, und the prospect oí Bleeping in nuch a room would chill thc heart and soul of thc moat bu ny ant. A room that has for a lung tune remained nniulmbiU'd becomes kim) of uncanny, and gives one the feeling that it iu a pl due where ghosts walk, and aioce most people ate afraid of ghosts it irm't very pl eat* mit lo bc placed in a room where, perchance, they have had Juli swing for a length of time, aud therefore repel your intrusion. At least the hos'ess might opeu the blinds, throw open the wiudow«, und let the fresh air and sunlight into the mom for a few days before the guest arrives iu summer-time, and see that the bed-covering is thoroughly aired and dried. And in winter-time thu ronni should bc thoroughly aired, « tiru kept going in (he room for at least a b-w di y a before thc arrival of guests, thus removing H ll dampness from the walls aud bedding. This will give to thc room an appearance of habitation, which is refreshing to Lilt-. gue»t. ls it not a mistaken iden tn have any room in (he hnuse that is too uice for us to use? Rather let tis turo every loom in thc house into immediate und continued use, and if a guest arrives wc cnn eas dy double up a little, and still bc comfortable, and pat Lhe guest into a bright cheery room, betraying on every baud signs of recent hanitation, aud being cheery and bright because of this. All needful toilet artictes should be placed in the room. A generous nupply of tump, water, and towels, and in winter-time plenty of coveriug to keep wu rm, and (lien if the guest docs not sleep peacef l'y and well, it is, at least, not the fault of the hubtcss. I'O ULSTATIONS. Fomentations of bot or cold water are very often useful, and everyone should kuow how lo give them. A flannel cloth may be folded, wrung out of hot or cold water as is desired, und applied directly to thc skin. It is much better, after wringing out thc Ü iii ne I as dry as desired, to fold it in a dry flannel cloth of one or two thicknesses before applying it to the patient. A little time is required for the. heat of the fomentation to cone titrate in thc dry flannel, and thus the skiu ts allowed au opportunity to acquire tolerance for the heat, and a higher degree of temperature can be bnrne than if thc moist cloth is brought directly in contact with the surface. The outer fold of dry flannel will also serve to keep the cloth warm by preventing evapora- tion. A hot fomenta' ion is s<rniettmes needed wh>n no hot water is at hand, lt ÍB not necessary to wuit for wo,'or to be heated in the usual way. ¡Soak the flannel in cold waler, wring as dry as desired, fold in a newspaper, aud lay upou the stove or wrap it about the stove- pipe. In u few minutes it will be as warm as the patient can bear. Thc paper keeps the pipo from becoming moistened by thc wet llinnel, and at the came time preven s thc flannel from being soiled by contact with the pipe. Fomentations thoroughly applied will relieve moat of the locil ptins, for which liniments, lotions, und poultices ure generally applied, and are greatly to lie preferred to these remedies BÍUCC th-J «ve cleaner aud uid Nature moro e(Teetu Ny in restoring thc injured parts lo a sound condition. The fomentation may be changed frequently, and ofter it bus been removed massage muy be given either by the pei sun himself - or auother, so as to stieugthen thc part and promote a better circulation of blood in it. 