MOONEE VALLEY PLUMPTON. ST. LEGER STAKES MEETING. There was a fair attendance at the Moonce Valley Plumpton on Monday, when Mr. A. H. Cox brought off his St. Leger and Goodwood Cup meet ing:. The ground was in capital order for coursing, and a splendid lot ol hares being supplied, the trials were first class. As a matter of fact, it is doubtful if better coursing lias ever been seen on the ground. The Goodwood Cup dogs were not a particularly smart lot, but some fine puppies were Eecn out in the St. Loger Stakes. In the first round of the Goodwood Cup Ben Bolt, Honour Bright, Darcbin, Joker, and Man-el all showed fair form. There was an undecidcd in the second round between Ready Money and Uennie IL In the second trial Ready Money, who was the non favourite, won rather comfortably. Ben Bolt again showed good form, and so did Darebin Joker, who is both fast and clever. The St. Leger pro vided some very interesting courses, First Light, Pitti Sing, High Sheriff, and Parnell all showing good form. There was an undecided between Pitti Sing and Happy Gem in the second round, Pitti Sing, who was" the non-favourite, winning decisively on the second occasion. In the final round High Sheriff got out of the slips by him self, and chased and killed the liare. He was taken back to slips, and was then equal to beating Bright Wings. Backers, on the whole, had a good day, very few favourites going down. The judging was in the hands of Mr. A. A. Woods, who gave every satisfaction; while Mr. G. Bignell handled the slips in good style. The Goodwood Cup and St. Leger meeting of the Moonee Valley Coursing Club was brought to a close in seasonable weather on Tuesday. The attendance was not large, but the sport, as on the opening day, 'was first-class. In the third round of the Goodwood Cup there was an undecided course between Honour Bright and Darcbin Joker, the former getting the verdict in a very doubtful course in the second trial. The final for the Goodwood was lietwcen Ready Money and Frau lein II., odds of 9 to 4 being laid on Ready Money. He had things pretty well his own way, gaining a lead of four or five lengths to the run-up, and get ting in several more points before the bitch scored. Praulein II. had a fall towards the end of the couree, aud when the hare escaped Ready Money was a liandsome winner. He is a medium-sized black and white dog, by Mr. Stapleton's old favourite Socialist, and is trained by his owner, T. Rcilly. Ready Money is both fast and clever, and will, no doubt, be in request for the Waterloo Cup next month. Hilltop and First Light were the final couple in the St. Leger. First Light had shown great pace in all his trials, and he was a good favourite. He, however, met more than his match in Hilltop,- who led him a length or so to the hare, and never afterwards gave him a show. First Light being beaten pointless. Hilltop hails froiittMinyip. He is a big puppy, weighing in racing trim CSIb. He is owned by Mr. Frank Saul, but ran in the assumed name of F. Claven. This is only the second occasion on which he has com peted, and there is no doubt he is a good one. The judging of Mr. A. A. Woods again gave satis faction, and Mr. G. Bignell's slipping was excel lent. The following are the results: GOODWOOD CUP. For 26 all-ages, at £3 each. Winner, £3j; runner up, ±112; two dogs, £G each; three dogs, £3 each. First Round.-J. Brann's Ben Bolt l>eat W. Ma honev's Golden Eagle, G. Braitiiwaite's Belladonna beat J. Meredith's Kington Fairy, Tti^s. Reilly's Ready Money beat A. Young's Royal Scot, llardi man Bros.' Hennie II. beat J. Baker's Magpie, Hicks and Peel's Honour Bright beat M. Dono van's Leonore II., Hodge Bros.' Crown Jewel beat Peters and Liebmann's Lillian, T. II. Osborne's Olga beat W. Burke's Lord Hope, Nichol Bros.' Darebin Joker beat J. Reeve's Polish Ghost, P. Francis's Fraulcin II. beat Nimmo and Cook's Stonehenge II., Sardinian Bros.' Hot Shot beat Hodges Bros.' My Jewel, Meier Bros.' Marvel beat C. and E. Tinworth's Walnut II., T. Polkimaon's Admiral Drake beat W. Burke's Shen-van-Vacht, C. G. Glassford's Red Cotnyn beat 1*. Burgdorfs Bluebird. Second Round.-Ben Bolt Beat Belladonna, Rcadv Money beat Uennie II., Honour Bright beat Crown Jewel, Darebin Joker btfat Olga, Fraulei:i 1!. beat Hot Shot, Marvel beat Admiral Drake, Red Coravu a bye. Third Round.-Ready Money beat lien Bolt, Honour Bright beat Darebin Joker, Frauicin II. beat Red O.myn, Marvel a bye. Fourth Round.-Ready Money beat Honour Bright, Frauleiri II. beat Marvel." Deciding Cpurse.-T. Reilly's bk w d Readv Money, by Socialist-Henrietta, beat P. Francis's w be b Fraulein II., by Teuton-High Thought, and won the stake. ST. LEGER STAKES. For 32 puppies, at £3 each. Winner, £45; runner up, £10; two dogs, £7 each; four dogs, £3 each. First Bound.-J. Thornhill's Gordon Lad beat 3\. Hyne's Sunlight, C. and E. Tinworth's Happv Omen beat J. termer's Pastime, Nichol Bros."* Darebin Spy bait D; M'Fadyen's Game Girl, J. Boss's Doubtful Dick beat Hardiman Bros.' Hydran gea, -G. Allen's Zimmerman beat J. Baker's First Alarm, W. Ochiltree's Kimmer beat P. Burgdorfs Darebin Thought, F.. Kenyon's Qualigy beat A. Fryer's Master Lindsay, F. Cleavers's Hilltop heat W. Menti til ay's Bugle, Dr. Nicholson's Pitti Sing bett J. Reeves's Eily Moore, Hardiman Bros.' IUppy Can beat A. Gamson's Partner, T. Flint's First Light beat D. Willis's Figaro, P. H. Rey nolds's Quin Abbey beat A. Debney's Deaconess, J. Morrow's Belle beat A. Lind's Amberite, T. Reilly's High Sheriff beat J. Findlay's Bright Wings, B. Cfcimside's Roonc.v King beat'F. Smith's Battalion, G. Keighrey's Fanny Parnell beat XV. Ochiltree's Thoughtless Beauty. Second Round.-Happy Omen brat Gordon Lad Darebin Spy beat Doubtful Dick, Zimmerman beat Kimmer, Hilltop beat Qualigy, Pitti Sing be.it Happy Gem, First Light beat Quin Abbey, High Sheriff beat Belle, Fanny Parnell beat Rooney King. Third Bound.-Darebin Spy beat Happy Omen Hilltop beat Zimmerman, First Light beat Pitti Sing, Fanny Parnell beat High Sheriff. Fourth Bound.-Hilltop beat Darcbin Spy, First Light beat Fanny Parnell. Deciding Oourse.-F. Claven's f d Hilltop, by Trimmer-Opal (January, 1697), beat J. A. B. Flint's bk d First Light, by Explorer-Ever Play ful (August, 1890), and won the stake. StTPFLEMKNTABY STAKE, For 8 puppies, at £2 each. First Bound.-Never Playful beat Democratic, Gordon beat Figaro, Snow-flake IL beat Only Chance, Happy Gem beat Sunlight. Second Bound.-Never Playful beat Gordon, Snowflake II. beat Happy Gem. Deciding Course.-Never Playful beat Snowflake II., and won the stake. SECOND SUPPLEMENTARY STAKE, For 4 all-aged dogs, at £2 each. First Bound.-^Stonehenge II. beat Walnut IL, High Step beat Beady Penny. 'Deciding Course.-High Step beat Stonehenge IL, and won the stake. THIRD SUPPLEMENTARY STAKE, For < puppies, at £2 eaclu First Bound.-Quin Abbey beat Doubtful Dick, Gordon Lad beat Game Girl. Deciding Oourse.-Quin Abbey beat Gordon Lad, and won the stake. 