Tlrt Ghost' TREMENDOUS EXCITEMENT. The excitement which bag been aronsed with reference to the "ghost" which has lately been parading Bayne street, Bendigo, a(id the vicinity was increased on Tuesday evening when one of the many hunters of the apparition was arrested in mistake for the real offender. The nerves of the young members -of the community and of-many of the older folks have been highly strung by the ghostly tales which have been circulated, so that many objects in their distended imagination now assume an nncanny • appearance in the moonlight, and Iks -a consequence the reports of the .Apparition's visitations are namerous. The"" gh«st" certainly has been «een on* many occasions, but .he hasnotappeored as joEfcafassUted. ; \- From all parts of the town daring the past few nights youths have .gathered in the vicinity of tiie hospital after , nightfall, and all the streets in the vicinity have been nightly searched by bands of hunters. The scene is a most. amusing and interesting one, for all ace in such a state of excitement that the slightest incident is magnified into one of serious proportions. Should a girl appear with a white apron or a white bat she is sighted from a&r; off, and all is commotion at once. The lads wander around with their pockets weighted with road metal, until tired out with their continual waiting they turn homewards. Cyclists wheel about the roads, and an occasional horseman may be seen careering-aronnd in the hope of catching a glimpse of the spectre. At half-past seven o'clock on Tuesday evening, mien the crowd was beginning to assemble about the hospital, two young men; named P. Downes and E. O'Neil bad their attention directed to a woman who was walking down Nolan street towards the main entrance gate of the lake. She was clothed in black skirt and brown bodice, and" wore a picture hat aovered with a white veil. Behind ber marched several boys, who were regarding her with evident curiosity. To Downes and O'Neill the boys expressed the opinion that the person was not a woman, but a man in female attire, so the young fellowsresolved to follow "her." The figure, instead of going into the lake, walked along M'Crae street towards the White Hills, when " she" saw the young men behind, but on reaching the bottom gate «f the lake ventured inside the grounds. " She" then walked along one of the paths in the direction of the city, proceeding sometimes at a smart pace, bnt other times at a slow rate. Eventually a Mr William Fernley passed the figure as he' came from the opposite direction, and having had a good look at " her" face, endorsed the opinion of the lads that the wearer of the apparel was not a woman but a man. Fernley and O'Neill, and a young man named John Kilby, decided that the " ghost" was within their reach, and they unanimously resolved to capture it and tow it in trinmph to the city. The trio soon overtook the wonld-be woman, who did sot attempt to run, although perfectly aware of the presence of the pursuers. Catching hold of the figure by the arms, its captors inquired wbo and what it was, and received the answer from the young man, as he eventually proved tobe, that he was one of them—one of the ghost honterB-r-and proceeded to explain that be had gone out in search of the ghost, -which bad frightened his mother. In bis hand he bore a rod of iron, while be also carried a lady's cloak in a bundle and a bag of stones. His captors, however, were not satisfied with his story, and disrobing him of his hat, veil, bodice and skirt, and leaving him clothed in only his trousers and white soft shirt, escorted him to the lockup. In M'Crae-street the cry was soon heard, 1 The ghost is caught," and the people flocked to the doors of their houses, while tbeir children swelled the crowd which had commenced to surround the prisoner and his warders. When Mnndy-etreet was reached several hundred children and adults most have constituted the escort, and as the hoise of their coming \- grew louder alike number gathered about the watchhouse. A cab which drove up Hundystrect was rushed after by the awaiting multitude, who believed that it contained the ghost, and when tbey perceived their disappointment they rushed back to join the throng which heralded his approach. .When the prisoner, accompanied by his captors and several constables, arrived at the watchhouse there were hearty rounds of cheers from the crowd of some thousand people assembled, who appeared frantic with joy because they believed the "terrifying apparition" was secured. Little children huddled together as the ghost-hunter approached, and whispered' to each other, "I'm so frightened," while their elders jostled one another in their eagerness to get a look at him. In the watchhouse, the prisoner gave his name as Eugene Johnson, a carpenter, living in Frederick-street, Irpnback, and he again gave his reason for masquerading in his strange attire by stating that he was looking for the ghost. Although his story was evidently truthful, it was decided to enter up a charge of insulting behavior against him.' Later on in the evening he was liberated on entering into a recognisance of £20 and finding one security for a suailiar amount. There is sot the slightest doubt but that Johnson is sot the cnlprit, and it is unfortunate that he should have got into tronble while others disguised like himself have gone about nnrecogniBedand unchallenged. After the arrest the crowd kept up a watch in Bayne-street and thś vicinity, bnt without results. "The ghost" was not to be seen— Advertiser. Cr E. D. Williams, MJuA^ has been elected Mayor of CasUemaine. " Allowance, 1650." Mrs Joseph Box, a -very old resident of Albury, died suddenly on Snnday night. At the Fitzroy court' on Monday Ernest' Mitchell, licensee of the Exchange Hotel, was £5, with 13s costs, for permitting gambling on bis licensed premises.' 