SP0RTUTG. ' Larry 'Holmes arrived in Balranald. on Monday with Jubilee an 1 Clamorous, also Mr W. T. Seal's horses Clara and Waterflow in charge of Mr 4. Turner. All are located at the Carriers Arms. Judging by the acceptances for the Friendly Societies Sports to be held at Mil aura on caster xtionnay, bicycling is in full favor in the irrigation city. For the Mile open race there are 25 competitors, for the Two Mile 23, and for the One Mile Novice 20. Messrs A. SI. Ohaffey and Ben ChaSey, owner of Mavis, have left Mildura and Bailed for Florida 1 ist week. ? Two horses started in the Scurry at Moula niein that certainly should have been blocked. They were named Imp, and Jea n«tte._ The furmer is nominated for the Handicap, Hurdles, and Welter at Lake Boga Meeting whioli takes place to day, and the latter ia entered for the Fying at Bal ranald. To Mr. BalliereV credit it must be said '» ouougiy oujecteu to allowing eitaer .horses to ruu, more especially Imp, which he emphatically contended was a highly trained horse, but ft being stated that Hiiatoru), a well-known old racer, bad been passed, the Stewards reluctantly let the twain go to the p..Bt, The result of the .race— a dead heat— entirely proved that Mr. 'Billiare was correct in his opinion. . It was rather a novel eight to witness a -ntetallician responding to the toast of the ' the losers' at the Moulamein settling last Friday, evening,' but Mr. J. Hayes did so and ably stated his reasons. It was. really a bad day foe the ' bookies' especially if they took any risk*, and we are sure that on this occasion, at an rate, Mr. Hayes was justly entitlud-to rank as a loser. If there is any truth in an old saying Mr. ? W. E. Dakinxhe well-known haadicapper, inust'haVe felt his ears burning last Friday eve-jing. At the Moulamein settling almost every speaker referred in complimentary teruis to. the handicapping of Mr. Dakin that day. Mr. ' Jerry' Hayes, no mean authority on racing matters, said that when he saw the weights he thought that Mr Kelly's horses had been undol) weighted and ' bad'nt a ghost of a chance of winning' Results had however entirely dispelled his ideas on the matter, and he freely acknow ledged that Mr. Dakiu- kuew a great deal more about handioapping .horses than the speaker. . The judge in divorce held laa^ -eek ' .that a husband who neglected, to pro tect his wife whom be ktior/ to be con fronted with tempi^ion could not obtain a divorce to: her miaoonduct. Iu ihecriclr-Qt mat oh between the MeUourcn tJnhereity and. Essendon teams, \iie University scored 1094 runs in tl-/e first innings, beating the world's fecordr ? It is probable that the Ri\ erina far mers will abandon tha proposal to establish a co-operative flourtnill, and form a farmers' association on oo -opera- tive lines. Tka turn,,. U.I.. All- I _ ...v uowi -ca-i wnicu re ceutly sailed from San Francisco with miners for the Klondyke, has been found derelict, and it is supposed that 40 persons have- been drowned. ? At iho instance of the Chief Inspec tor of Mines tho Minister for Mines sent half a doz'm white mice to New castle, ta be.useA in.-4ie, early detection o? iiosioi-8~ga8 in tte'iain^C''' 