A HAUNTED HOUSE AT EUSTON. , _ [From "Lloyds' Weekly."] • ZCot a very great distance from ih-: L.X.W.R. terminus at Ens'on stands a large detached house in a railed-in garden, which has now been untenanted for some months, and which will readily be recognised, owing to its reputation as a haunted dwelling. Enquiries have elicited the fo! lowing strange particulars from authentic sources. It is upwards of a year since the unaccountable noises that have driven away various tenants began to be iieard Quite accidentally the landlord encountered a daring ghost disillusiouer in the person of a well- known Scotch member of Parliament noted for his courage and the possession of a fine bulldog, aud who, upon hearing the particulars, proposed to spend a night in the house with a view to detecting the ghost. The offer was accepted, and on the night appointed the 111.P., with his manservant and the bulldog, entered upon his watch. About 1 in the morning there were distinct sounds as of some one walking about in the rooms above. The dog . was unmuzzled, and his master made a sign for silence, which the brute understood. Presently the noise grew louder, and seemed to come nearer. Barney, for such was the dog's name, emitted an irrepressible growl, and for an hour or so the sounds ceased. During this the M.P. examined a small casket which lay at the foot of the stairs, and had apparently been noiselessly precipitated. The box opened upon a smaller box, and yet another, till iu the bottom part lay the photograph of a quaintly attired gentleman; an Egyptian he seemed. '"Who finds this, finds the supposed ghost," read the legend on the back of the card. The M.P. put the box into his breast pocket. Then the servant jumped downstairs at breakneck pace, and banged out at the front door, gasping something quite unintelligible. His exit was simultaneous with the sharp report of a pistol. Then all became still again. Steadying his nerves, the M.P. resolved to go upstairs and look for the dog. He found the animal all of a heap on tbe stair landing, dead. Yet there was no one to be seen. The intrenid M.P. explored every nook aud cranny known to him without moles- La lion. On again returning to the room of his night watch he found his hat and stick gone. Obviously the g'uoc.t had been looking for him also. The sequel to the adventure is hardly less exciting. Some fewnights afterwards the M.P. was a guest at an evening party in Belgravia. He came late, and, on entering, made straight for a laughing group of ladies and gentlemen who were being vastly amused by the legerdemain of a professional conjuror. "The face' is familiar," thought the M.P. "And the fantastic attire. Have seen it all somewhere. Yes, yes, I know; the photograph!" Quickly he sought out the head of the house, and told his story, winding up with the injunction "\ou must have him arrested." But no! The conjuror had disappeared. 