ALIEN IMMIGRATION. For tlie restrictive measure mentioned in the Governor's Speech, no discussion Is required. The time lias come for passing the hill. Of discussion there has been enough. Differences of ail kinds have dis- appeared, and in their place we nave univer sal agreement. The agreement is wider than Australia, and the same may he said of the difficulties in the way of the restric tive principle. Those difficulties were got over by the Legislature of Natal. Like ninny other colonies, Natal was face to face with an Asiatic problem, and, like tlioin, it saw the apparent impossibility of solving it by keeping out subjects of the hetero geneous British Empire. Tlie plan was lilt upon of imposing an educational test. Simple, inoffensive, thorough, it got tlie Queen's assent at the outset, and has worked like a charm ever since. What is more, a hint has been conveyed to the va rious colonial Governments, which are in the same perplexity as Natal used to be, that a restrictive measure on the Natal lines ; will not find any difficulty in getting the Royal assent. That settles tho mutter for all practical people. About the restrictive | principle of the bill, uo one differs at all. | We all agree that Australia must remain white. That is how we read the formula I of Australia for the Australians. There Is no longer any difficulty before the en forcement of the principle. Tlie road to our object by tho Natal method is clear. By following it, wo will meet not a Bliut gate, but a helping hand. Tlie only thing is to pass the hill through all its stages, and send it on for the Royal assent, without further parley. Tho interest in tlie matter is more than Australian, it is Polynesian and Melaneslun as well. Those vast chains of islands are peopled by races doomed and dwindling. Rapidly in some cases, surely in all, tho children of the soil are fulling away. The mystery of the future is, who will replace tliem? To that question there is but one possible answer: They must he mostly Asiatics or Africans, and pro bably tliey will he Asiatics. The Japanese, before the Chinese war, had set eyes of longing on those beautiful islands. They had made a lodgment in Hawaii, and they hoped ere long to make tlie group their own. Since the war tlieir dream of a colonising empire I11 the Pneilic lias been as vivid as ever, but the increased employ ment that followed tlie war has for a time checked tho tide of emigration. But our lively neighbors, the French of tlie Pacific, have a fixed idea that tliey will be tlie colonisers, the landowners, and the traders of tlie Pacific. But they are not alone in this. Tho labor problem' in Fiji lias forced the not unwilling hand of the British Government of tlint fertile possession. The Hindoo coolie is the best of nil colored la borers) docile, industrious, and capable. Tlio » Fijian practically refuses to do more than pick up tlie dropped fruit, and the islanders of other groups afford a very uncertain supply of labor. Tlio Hindoo coolie has been imported, therefore. He comes under a contract which included a return passngo after a certain number of years; mule and female tliey come, and they conic 'to stay. There are thousands of them iu tlio Fiji Islands, nnd within mensurable distance of time there will be hundreds of thousands. That tliey will spread from group to group, increasing anil multiplying, it takes no ghost to toil us. When that time arrives, the trade of Australia with the Islands will he enormous, and tlio facilities for an Asia tic rush to tills continent will ho in propor tion. Tlio only way to prepare for that is by restrictive legislation. Why the Indian Government should he so tenderly careful about, gelling these people hack to tlieir overcrowded country is a mystery. But India is tlio laud of mysteries. It is tho land of vast wealth and of abject poverty. The Government Is more despotic than the Turkish, yet uo- , where nre the principles of State socialism practised on so vast a scale. Water is brought, by incredible expenditure of skill, lnbo.', nnd capital, to tho doors of tlie culti vator; advances are made to liiin frequently; vast plans are carried out for help in fa mine times; the land is largely nationalised; in many ways tlie Government is paternal. Yet the ryot, whose country is a vast field of agriculture, lives on a pittance, can af ford but little clothing, anil lias nothing between him and starvation when tho rain fails. To him tlio I'aeiiic isles must be a paradise. And that he finds out when lie gets there. But for all Unit Aus tralia must he a white Austra lia. The future of the islands tells 41s that wo must not delay the passing of a suitable restriction Act. Tlie present urges ns with the fact that tlie undesirable immigration is for some reason or other thickening. Those who profess to know say that the reception of Prince Ranjlt- siuhji has impressed his countrymen with the desirableness of Australia as a place to live in. Tlie Prince, if we may Judge by ills writings, does not appear to think so. But the reason for the thickening im migration is immaterial. The fact is be fore us. To end it we must have this bill passed at once. The other day u'e were moralising over tho absence of electors from tlio polls. Since (hen ihn completed official returns havo given us tho exact proportion of effectives. Out of 290,000 enrolled, 13S.G57 voted, or -17.S3 per cent. In Victoria, where the percentage was (lie highest of all tho colo nics, tho voters numbered 1-12, -I3S, or 50.23 of the whole. "As in that colony tlio feel ing was undoubtedly very keen, tlio result increases tho suspicion which tlie Austra lian voting lias cast on the referendum as a measure supposed to he popular. Can votes of a shade under -IS, and a quarter more than 00 from tlie two most populous colonies of tlie continent he regarded as evidence of popularity? The question is of serious import. But before it can he answered dependably, tlie electoral rolls must he put into a hotter position. At present they cannot he trusted to answer such questions until tliey are made what (hoy purport to he, tlio records of electors able to go to tlie polls If tliey choose. There is uo machinery by which tliey can he clear ed of tlie names of tlie dead and of tlie emigrants to other lands. As we pointed out the other day, a simple and effective plan has been for some years in force in a neighboring colony. There every name against which a. vote is not recorded is struck off the roll. Tho living residents can get on again easily. The names of tlie (lead and gone remain off, and tlie rolls are perfectly trustworthy. Tlie electoral law is to ho altered, during tlie session, liy the extension (very properly) of tlio hours of polling. Tlie opportunity should bo utilised for the addition of tlie automatic system of purging the rolls, which lias worked so well elsewhere. "\Vc- trust that 110 Australian voice will lie raised against tho proposal to annex Hawaii to the United States. Tho only possible ground of objection is that Hawaii must ho annexed to tho Empire. That ground is impossible, because if annexation is to be tlio only pro tection for British interests, tho whole world must ho annexed at once. A change has been for some time coming over the spii'it of United States policy. These Ame ricans are unmistakably marching away from the older limitations, and the war with Spain will probably accelerate their steps. Under tlio new conditions tliey may see their way to complete tlie Nicaragua Canal, and guard it with naval stations, 0110 of which would undoubtedly he Hawaii. The place cannot long escape annexation by some Power, and if any Power can lie said to have tlie right of annexation, tho United States have obviously the best rigid. It is their affair, however, Should tlie Senate, as seems probable, follow tho ex ample of Speaker Reed, and withdraw its opposition, we may he sure that the Ameri can Hug will wave over tlie islands very soon. Our policy is to do nothing to thwart those who in tho future may be very close neighbors of ours on long lines. If we pick- oil the world over we could not have better neighbors. It is better, therefore, to bow tliem in to Hawaii, should they ho bent on going there, tlum to accompany thorn with an impotent hut unforgettable snarl. 