; ANOTHER BEAUTY SPOT. A Tasmania n beauty spot that isn't in the guide book is a burning mountain on a reserve within the boundaries of Hobart City. The smoke from the crater has a peculiar odour, but 'twould puzzle the , keenest scented geologist to name the chief conbustible. Sometimes it is like burning leather, sometimes like roasted goat, and sometimes like various other things, It smoulders away summer and winter, but as earthquakes hav'n't been frequent of late, no active eruption has taken place. When one does happen— Phew ! The spot is locally known as Mt. Vesuvius, N.B. None of the aldermen reside in its immediate vicinity : A beauty epot we very seldom boast about, Yet one of eportive nature's wondrous freaks ; On winter nights there's no one but tho ghost about, On summer eves the silence simply reeks. For fires down below, Are ever on the go, And sending up all shades of smell efflu 'Tis the Corporation tip, You may curl a scornful lip — But this beauty spot is known as Mt. Vesu vius. A Crescent it was known by in tho olden time, But that was when tho world was very In lordly days begotton of the golden time. Our fathers here thoir weekly garbage flung; The custom still exists, And a6 the evening mists Come floatiug o'er the valleys with old PluviuB, They mingle with the snioko From some cromating moke, And fipread a pleasing fragrance round Vesuvius. They say that long ago some boyo were sporting there, With ancieut flint and steel tho heap they lit ; And, ever since, the fire basbeeu a snorting thero, An up-to-dato reminder of the Pit, Where sinners over burn, And aldermen will earn A reputation oven more efHuviouB Tban that they now bare got, (Which same is rather hot,) But nothing to the smell of Mt. Vesuvius ! 'NoNduAM,' of the Clarion (Eng.), reviewing Trevor's 'Quest for God' says . 1 The quest for God is an old old quest, and never mortal yet came back there from witbjia&llung; iii his hands but guesses, ^inftipM ;tb guessing, I can guess as *«lr*»l-iioth6r. But I know 