THE DEATH CHILD ; A STORY OF THE WESTERN PACIFIC, BY GUY BOOTHBY. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] One summer night, about three years after I took to the pearling trade in the Pacific, five of us, John Browdie, a Yorkshireman, standing six feet two in his socks, a Londoner whom we called the Scholar, more on account of his mannerisms than his learning I fancy, Harry, the Digger. Sailor Jim, and myself, sat yarning out he fo'c'sle of the lugger Water- witch, anchored off the New Guinea coast. It was about the hottest night of the year, and save for the gentle flip-flap of the water alongside, and the wear of the cable in the hawsee hole, everything was so still that you could even distinguish the sound of the waves breaking on the beach more than two miles away. The lights of Port Moresby winked at us over our star board quarter, while away to port shone the riding light of the Merrie England, Government steamer. The stats shimmered like gold dust strewn across the sky, and as if to show that there still remained to us some sort of touch with England the Great Bear just lifted the northern horizon. On three occasions the Yorkshireman had embarked upon the narration of a mysterious story, which we had all heard a dozen times before, setting forth, at interminable length, the adventures of his grandfather at a certain West Riding race meeting ; but we invariably managed to stave him off in time. As the talk slackened he saw his opportunity and commenced once more. "Yo' see, n'out would do (or gran'fer but 'e mun see t'Leger run, an' as 'e was a'goin cop t'moor — " I drummed my foot against the hatch, while the Scholar, who had been ashore that after- noon, slid hastily from the cable range. "Do any of you remember the wreck of the Kate Kearney ?" The Yorkshireman saw another chance in the silence that followed and hastened to make the most of it. " H'od tha tongue, lad !" he said. ' Wha's t'use o' bringin that oop now ? It's rude to interrupt and you ??? first 'ear tell o'ma gran' fer an'—" "But what about the Kate Kearney ?" I asked quickly. Before the North Country man could get another word in, the Scholar had begun his story. "It is rather a curious story, and it was something that happened to me ashore to-day that made me think of it. First and foremost you must bear in mind that this yarn is not make belief. At least a dozen men now on their road to — well, never mind where — are convinced of its truth ; and all I can way is, if you want further proof, you have only to adopt Papuan Lizzie yourself and see what comes of it. She was, or I should say is, since she is very much alive, a New Guinea native from the Lakoli River, fifty miles or so away down there under the moon. "The Yankee Priate" (shot last year in the Solomon Group) black - birded her by mistake, when she was about six years old, in spite of a curse from her in- furiated hag of a mother, who raced the party down the beach, swearing that whoever had to do with the child either in the way of kind- ness or the other thing would surely die. It was a beautiful curse, so the Yankee told me, and on it the story I'm going to tell you hangs. Of course the whole ship's company laughed at the idea of anything happening to them — it would have been strange if they hadn't — but just mark how perfectly the curse worked out !" Before I go any further I must explain to you that these things happened at a time when Government agents were unthought of, and when an adult Kanaka landed in Port Mackay meant a solid gain of nearly twenty pounds to the man who brought him over. Legalised slavery it may have been, but the money was there safe and sound neverthe- less." "Lad ! I jealous tha knatvs't too much about yon times,' said Browdie with em- phasis. The Scholar glanced over the side to where the copper sheathing glittered in the moon- light, and then up at the motionless vane upon the mast head before be continued : " Most of the Kanakas out of that shipment went to the Eureka Sugar Company's Planta- tion on the Pioneer River, and with them went Lizzie. The manager's wife, a kind-hearted soul, who of course knew nothing of the curse, took pity on the coffee- coloured little urchin and allowed her to spend the greater part of her time playing with her own children. Within a week two of them found their way into the sugar house and were killed in the machinery, and the mother, who saw the accident, is now in a Brisbane Lunatic Asylum. Three months later the company was in liquidation, the plantation was sold up, and the Kanakas were dispersed to the four winds of Heaven. Nobody seemed to want Lizzie, so she passed from hand to hand up the coast, stopping here and there for a few weeks at a time, but always being moved on by the fatalities that followed in her wake. At last she reached Townsville, the capital of the North, as its inhabitants grandiloquently term it. Here it looked as if she were going to be allowed to settle down for a while. But the kind lady who was struck by her forlornness and took charge of her, developed typhoid fever in some inexplicable fashion within a month of her arrival, and died a fortnight later, throwing the child upon the world once more. Her executors were at a loss to know what to do with the brat, so they were only too grateful when a kind-hearted globe-trotter came forward and said that he would take her off their hands and carry her home to England as a present to his wife. He left Townsville in the mail boat Carrysfort, and as the world has good reason to be aware, that ill-fated vessel struck an uncharted rock off Cape York and went to the bottom in something under three minutes, taking with her every living soul on board save four. Papuan Lizzie was one of the four who did not find a watery grave. She was thrown overboard to three Lascars who were clinging to a spar alongside. How it came about it is impossible to say, but the men were never heard of again ; Lizzie, however, was picked up by a béche-de-mer schooner a few hours later and carried to Thursday Island. Un- fortunately her fume had preceded her, and it was there that she received for the first time the nickname of the "Death Child." For some days no one would have anything to do with her, consequently she wandered about the beach as miserable an urchin as could be found in the whole Western Pacific. Then a zealous missionary, anxious to prove how idle and wicked such superstitions were, gave her a home. For nearly six months all went well, and bit by bit the ugly little creature developed an affection for her guardian that was as grotesque as the cause was pathetic. He had begun and would have finished her education, if the curse had not uncoiled itself, and led him to interfere in a drunken street brawl, during which Rhotoma Sam stabbed him to the heart for his pains, and thus deprived Lizzie of another powerful protector. After this, for three months or so, the record of her movements is more or less un- certain. I believe she went down to the D'Entrecastcaux Group in the trading schooner Skylark, and probability is given to the theory by the fact that the Skylark left Port Moresby and was never heard of again. When next I saw her Lizzie was back in Thursday Island, uglier and more impish than ever, and so convinced was everyone of her Satanic association that not a mother's son or daughter would take her in, or befriend her in any way. Consequently she was compelled to live by herself in Tommy Burn's old hut in the gully behind the Chinese Gardens. Now, among the multifarious inhabitants of the Island at that time was a former mate of the Kate Kearney, the vessel we were speaking of just now, a vindictive sort of a fellow named Benman, who had a great and undying hatred for Captain Edwards of the same craft. He used to say that the Captain had concocted a plot to get him discharged from the company's service, and he vowed that come what might, he would be even with his enemy before many years had passed over his head. The Captain, in total ignorance of this hatred, and believing that Benman liked him rather than otherwise, wrote A friendly sort of way, asking him, us a personal favour, to find a black maid for his wife. Seeing his way to as devilish a piece of mischief as was planned, Benman chuckled to himself and began to make inquiries. When a month later the Kate Kearney put in for stores he hunted up Papuan Lizzie and sent her aboard with a polite little note, recommending her, and saying how glad he was to have a chance of being useful to his old friend. Mrs. Edwards, who was an invalid, took a great fancy to her new handmaid and, and as soon as they were at sea, set about completing the education the unfortunate mis- sionary had commenced. Leaving Thursday Island the Kate Kearney sailed on a trading cruise among the Islands. The ship's company included the Captain, his mate, a supercargo, an English- man fresh from home, three Solomon boys, and a half-caste Portugee. Also Papuan Lizzie, who detested lessons of work of any kind, and spent spent most of her time on the main hatch, huddled up like a native idol, blinking at the sun. Then the curse which had not made any visible mischief for well nigh three months began to think about business once more. On this occasion it took the form of a mutiny. One sunny afternoon the Kate Kearney lay becalmed off Arural in the Kingsmills. The sea was as smooth as glass, and almost as transparent, while overhead the spars and rigging stood out double sized against the azure sky. The skipper and mate were pacing the deck, and talking of things in general, and wondering from what quarter they might ex- pect the wind. Coming aft they leaned over the taffrail to watch a shark struggle astern. Then the half-caste Portugee, who had been lolling against the wheel with nothing to do, safe to hatch mischief and to dream of the spree he intended having when he got ashore, suddenly received a signal from the fo'c'sle, made up his mind, and drawing a revolver from his belt, shot both men dead. Next moment the vessel, from being an inanimate mass upon the sunlit waters, became sur- charged with life. The supercargo, who was below, asleep, alarmed by the noise, ran up the companion ladder, rifle in hand. But the murderer, who had the advantage of him, tired as soon as his head appeared, and the white man fell backwards down the ladder into the cuddy, dead as a door nail, his brains spattering the woodwork as he went. By this time the ship was in an uproar. The remainder of the hands made their appearance from their hiding places and set to work to throw the bodies overboard to the sharks they had been watching less than half an hour before. When this was done, the half-caste assumed command. The English man was given the chance of serving, or of sharing the fate of his companions. Naturally he choose the former alternative. Mrs. Edwards terminated an interview with the ringleader by throwing herself overboard, while Papuan Lizzie sat on the main hatch and cried very bitterly, for she loved her kind benefactress, and would willingly have put a knife into the back of the half-caste, only she was afraid. She was not of course to know that she was the cause of all the trouble. For three months the Rolling Wave, alias the Kate Kearney, did an amazing trade among the Islands, At the end of that time her hold was full to repletion of pearlshell, copra, tortoiseshell, and dried béche-de-mer. Then, quite by chance, for there was no navigator aboard worthy of the name, they reached Ponape, a Spanish settlement of the Caroline Group, and anchored outside the reef. When all was snug the half-caste went ashore, leaving the crew to gamble and quarrel among themselves as they pleased. Though he did not know it, they were hatching another mutiny among themselves, and this time against himself, having come to the conclusion that he way carrying things with far too high a hand. As soon as he returned, and dusk fell, the Englishman, who was friendly with neither party, seized his opportunity, slipped down the cable, and also made for the shore. It was a long swim, and the sea was running high under a freshening gale. Ponape, with its few hundred natives and sprinkling of Spaniards, is not by any means a big place, so he discovered the Governor's residence without very much searching, and poured his thrilling tale of mutiny and murder into that official's ear. The Governor immediately ordered out his army — an officer and ten men, all as zealous as himself — and with great pomp and circumstance issued the command that the schooner Rolling Wave should be boarded and seized. In spite of the increasing storm, the army put off and eventually got alongside, without resistance from the mutineers, who at the time were below. The only visible occupant of the vessel was Papuan Lizzie, who was crying under the lee of the bulwarks aft. Having placed sentries at the entrance to the companion ladder, the Governor went below with the balance of his men. He found the ship's company engaged on cut-throat euchre, and you can imagine their astonishment when they saw the soldiers enter. They fought like wild cats, but it was only to discover that sheath kuives and bare fists are of small avail even against Spanish swords and derelict muskets. Having ironed them, the Commander-in -Chief placed them under a strong guard and then searched the ship. Being thus occupied he forgot to take stock of the weather. When they had come aboard it was working up for a storm, now it was such a night as you seldom see. A cyclone was sweeping down upon the Island, and even the usually placid water inside the reef was white with foam. By the time those on board arrived at an understating of their position it had torn up the schooner's straining cables, and was racing her along the treacherous line of rocks, at more than racing pace. Even- tually she went to pieces close in shore, and out of the eighteen souls aboard her, including the Governor, the soldiers and their prisoners, only two escaped alive. One was the English man I have already mentioned, who had accompanied the boarding party to see what happened, the other was Papuau Lizzie, who, strange to relate, was landed high and dry on the beach without seartch or injury. Two days later the Englishman left in a schooner for Tahiti, and for the time being that was the last he saw of that queer little atom we used to call the "Death Child." Harry the Digger put down his pipe. "Hold on, my lad," he said very quietly, " you haven't told us how you learn 't these things." "Well," said the Scholar with a quiet chuckle, "it seems to me I should know something about them, considering I was the authorities, and who was allowed to live on condition he joined the mutineers." "A neatly worked out yarn," I continued, "and pray did you ever hear what became of the Death Child after that ?" "She remained in Ponape for upwards of two years, I believe, and then managed to make her way, how I cannot explain, across the Pacific until she reached Port Moresby once more." "Here?" we cried in astonishment, "you don't mean to say she's in Port Moresby at this moment?" "Most certainly I do," he replied. " I saw her only to-day when I went ashore. It was my meeting with her that made me think of telling you the story. But you mustn't run away with the notion that she's the same Liz. She's a changed character altogether." "In what way is she changed ?" "She's grown up and a married woman. You remember Pat Dolson, the man who was in Thursday Island a year or two back, who claimed to have been an Oxford don, and who had the reputation of being able to drink more mixed liquor at one sitting, and to be able to swear in a greater variety of tongues, than any other white man in the Pacific ? You do ? Well, then he's her husband. They were married a month ago." "Surely you're joking. What on earth made him marry her ? Is the man mad ?" " It looks like it, does it not ? At any rate he's gone all to pieces now. I never saw such a wreck in my life, and I've seen a good many. Lives out in the bush among the niggers, dresses in the native style, and it ever I saw a man on the borders of the jumps he is that one. He talked an awful lot of nonsense to me about Fate — Destiny — Powers of Darkness, and goodness only knows what all, mixing it up with Greek and Latin quotations. He said he was bewitched by Liz, and that it was ordained from the first that he should marry her— so how could he help himself. I told him he was a fool for his pains, and that he deserved to come to just the sort of end he prophesied. All the time I was talking Liz sat at the door of the hut watching me out of half-closed eyes, with that devilishsmile of hers upon her face. When I left she stopped me in the bush, and showing all her teeth in a grin, asked me if I didn't think she would make her husband "one big all the same first class wife? " " What did you say?" " I can't remember exactly, but I fancy I consigned her to the place where the wives who make promises before marriage and don't fulfil them afterwards are popularly supposed to go. As it was she ? " The Scholar stopped suddenly and held up his hand. "Hark !" he cried, "what was that?" We listened, but all we could hear was the soft murmur of the water alongside, and the gentle creaking aloft as the tiny vessel rocked at her anchor. Then there was a sound, a short distance away on our starboard bow, that made us all leap to our feet like one man. It was the cry of a person in sore distress. "Someone drowning," cried Sailor Jim, who was always jumped to a conclusion. "I've heard that cry too often not to know it. Here ! let's get a boat away at once or we'll be too late to rescue him." As he spoke he ran to the davits — but before he could let go the falls the sound reached our ears again, and this time it came from close under the counter. "Schooner ahoy," it said. "Take me a- board." A moment later we were all at the taffiail craning our necks over the side in an attempt to discover who the man might be, and to render him any assistance that might be in our power. He did not seem to be in need of so much help as he had led us to believe, for he pre- sently scrambled on board, and having gained the deck, shook himself, like a Newfoundland dog. He was stark naked, and had long black hair that trailed upon his shoulders. Taken altogether he did not make a pretty picture. "Good Heavens, Dolson," cried the Scholar with a gasp as he recognised the man before us. "You don't mean to say it's you. What on earth has brought you out here like this ?" But Dolson only gave a queer sort of a grunt and threw down upon the deck a native basket constructed of some sweet smell- ing reed. After that he sat down on the main hatch, and hid his face in his hands. We stood round and watched him, unable to make head or tail of it all. Undoubtedly he was crazy. "She said she had bewitched me," he began after a pause. "Because I beat her she cursed me this evening. ' You shall not find your death on land,' says she, ' nor shall it come to you in water. Your death shall reach you through me, and though I be dead yet shall I be there to see you die.' It's a lie! She is dead, it is true, for I killed her myself. But she will not see me die. Of that I am certain. So absorbed were we in watching him and listening to his ravings that we failed to notice a canoe which had come softly up alongside, nor the black figure which had made its way aboard over the bows. Had we done so we should probably have warned Dolson, but it was Fate that kept us otherwise employed so that we should not see. An arm went up, and then a poisoned spear went aft, travelling straight for the naked figure seated on the hatch. It caught him full and fair in the chest between the shoulders, and a few minutes later Dolson was squirming upon the deck, and his murderer had disappeared into the night again. In his agony Dolson chanced to touch the basket he had brought on board with him, and under the impetus thus given to it the contents rolled out and into the circle of light made by the lantern which someone had thoughtfully brought up from below. To our horror we discovered that the black ball rolling and bobbing towards the bulwarks was neither more nor less than the head of Papuan Lizzie — the Death Child severed at the trunk. The eyes were open and the mouth was set in a diabolical leer. As I noticed this horror, the man whom we called Dolson gave up the ghost, and thus his wife's prophecy came true. He had not died on land, nor was he drowned in water ; his death came to him through her agency ; and though her body was not present, still her eyes were there and saw him breathe his last. And yet there are some people who, having read this story, will say they do not believe in witchcraft, and will deny that they have any faith in the power of a curse. 