Spotting Gossip. By tfco " SPECIAL COMMISSIONER." THE PONY QUESTION. Breeding Horses in Australia. Laundress. the Newmarket Handi cap winner of 3 $93, is doing good work at Caulfield. Laundress looks fresh aud hearty, but. an unsightly leg may occasion lier trainer much trouble. The well-known cross-country rider. Steve Hendricks, who was, so terribly injured when Vigil fell with him at Caulfield last August, was able to leave Hie Alfred Hospital last week, alter a detention in that institution of over nine mouths. Hendricks is far from being quite weJl yet, aud. it is feared, will never to able to ride again. Last week I wrote that Goodman was likely to go over to Adelaide for the City Haudicap. Mr. Wren inten ded to take the chestnut over, but the receipt of a letter from a friend in Adelaide, who intimated that the A.R.e. stewards would probably re fuse to let Goodman start, effectually upset all arrangements, aud the chestnut was scratched by wire iu Adelaide on Monday. U may be news to many people to hear that Mr. Wren is not, and never was, counected with pony racing in N.S.W. Many people, I know, are un- der; the impression that the owner of T(SbcKimari halls from Sydney. Such is not the case. Mr. Wren has been located at Caulfield at least nine years to my knowledge, and during that time has generally had a horse or two in training. It is only since lie pur chased Goodman and Martin, however, that ho has figured prominently as a winning owner. Mr. Wren is a wool- classcr by profession, and usually de parts for ihe shearing aljout this time of the year. Perhaps It is the best thing that could have happened Mr. Wren, this placing an embargo on ox- Sydney ponies, fur he has had a won derful run of ltiek with Goodman and Martin, who are now up In the weights. Had the pair been allowed to race ou at registered courses, in all probability Mr. Wren would have dropped some of his wiuuiugs. Among the ponies that have como under the V.ll.C. ban are two veterans. Pickles aud Shannon. The last- named lias raced at the Sydney pony meetings, but the little grey champion earned his disqualification by runniug at a pony meeting near Wngga at the outset of Iiis career. However. E. Davis is not likely to suffer greatly by i hi barring of Pickles, for the grey Is very iulirm. and may never stand another preparation. One of the Finest Specimens of the Thoroughbred in Aus tralia may tic swo exercising at Caulfield at the present. time. I refer to Glenlotb, tlio Melbourne Cup winner of 3SU2, wbo has furnished into a magnificent stnlliou. He is a stnutly-brert borsr. too. and has proved a sure foal getter, yet such is tb" slate of breeding iu this colony that Carmody cannot find a buyer for ibe splendidly propor tioned son of Glenmarkie. although the price asked is a very reasonable oue. This is tbe sort ol borse, I maintain, tbu Government should purchase, and stand at a nominal fee in a farming district— say tbe North-eastern or Goulburn Valley— for tbe use of small farmers having oue or two thorough bred marcs. A thousand pounds ex pended In two or three stallions of tbe Glenlotb stamp would soon effect dc- elded improvement in the class of horses at proseut raised by small breeders, who, tis things are, put their mares (innuy of whom are well bred and good-looking enough to throw Derby winners) to sires of the cheap and nasty sort, weedy, deformed, and ill-bred brutes, that arc travelled round the country at prices ranging from a bag of spuds to the enormous sum of three pounds ! Australian Governments grossly neglect the im portant industry of horsebreeding. The European governments are much wisqr in their generation. Only the other day the Russian Government gave £25.000 for Galtee More, and ou Saturday last came the news that the German Government had purchased Carnage for £10.000. A horse like Glenlotb no doubt would bring, at a very moderate estimate, £1500, in the did country— probably twice that amount— yet a third of the former sum could not be obtained for him in .Vic toria. Mr. IV. T. Jones Is a proverbially lucky man. Of . him it liaq been said that, if ,hc fell into tnc Yarra naked, he would -come up with a new suit of clothes on, and a gold watch in his pocket. At the first time of asking, the Australian has accomplished what many British sportsmen . have been vainly attempting for years, the cap ture of one of the classic events of t|ie English turf. On. Saturday morning a cablegram from Mr. 3V, T. Jones was received in Melbourne stating that his filly. Airs and Graces, had landed the Oaks, and that be had Won .£4000 in Bets over the Race. The stake ia worth very nearly the same -amouut, no Mr. W. T. Jones will have a very good settling. Airs aud Graces is a daughter of Ayrshire and Lady Ahvyncy'and as only recently purchased by her present owner from the Duke of Portland for three or four hundred guineas. Nuu Nicer, who ran second 4o Airs aud Graces, would probably Kjnrt-a liot-favoriic. It is, f»Si that- even Homer was iowu 4o nod. Coueequcuily a sport ing pressman, living iu an age of uiis- 'reprcseiiiiilton, may be pardoned for au occasional error of Judgment, f must confess thai- 10 a certain extent. T was mistaken iu my estimate of Locbabor wheu I wrote that, all hough he might wiu a race iu Adelaide, it would not he iu tip-top company. The Ktnrters for.i)ie City Handicap were not a particularly hrilliaut lui, but in- eluded in the field wore the besi of the South Australian ' sprinters, so Loebabcr has proved himself a better horse than 1 credited liini with being, jand. further, a much bmor horse thau .T. E. Brewer led his friends to believe. .The Caulfield trainer, wheu 011 a visit. 10 Melbourne after the S.A.J.C. meet ing. was at great pains 10 inform ail and suudry that Loehabor had "gone off," was "dead lame," and hadn't the ghost of a chance of winning at Vic toria Park, as the old course is uow called. What a bad judge .1. E. Brewer must be. to be sure, and what good judges the Adelaide punters must he when iliey invested £792 on Ihe machine last. Saturday ' And just Imagine the feeliugs ol' all those people who received wires aud letters to the effect that Locltaber was a good thing for the Goodwood Handicap (which he didn't win), and who. laicr on, were juformed thai, the chestnut's chance in the City gSnndicap was practically nil: The ultimatum of the V.1LC. sub committee with regard 10 the racing of Sydney "jiuuies" was the chief topic of conversation at. Moonee Valley last Saturday. A great mauy people were under ihe impression that a new rule or by-law had boon introduced, but such is not the case. The order emanating l'rom the committee, which caused such a neusatiou. is simply an interpretation of the rules as at pre sent constituted. According to Messrs. Frank Madden and W. 11. Crokcr (the sub- commitree to which tbe matter was referred > Sydney Ponies Never Have Been Eligible to Compete Under V.R.C. Rules —a decision which opeiis up great pos sibilities. There is little doubt uow thai, had any .owner wtfose horse Inid ran .second /tesay. Goodman -or Me tallic. Vntersarfe.' 'protesfat the rime, on the grounds that the winner was not eligible to start, the race would have been awarded to the second. Many racing rneu have held this opinion all through the piece, but ihe V.R.C. rrtes are so delightfully vague and contradictory licit uo owner could be 1'onmJ wiih temerity enough to lost the question by means of a pvo- test. Even uow there is no uuaiiimity on the subject among racing authorities. A well-known sporting lawyer, who should know something about racing law, declared openly lusi Saturday thai Messrs. Madden aud Crokor wore wrong iu their reading of the rules bearing on the matter. Which all goes to show that lawyers, as well as doc tors. often differ. However, it may be taken for grant ed that ii was only after due delibera tion. and after taking every aspect of tiie case into consideration, that the V.R.C. committee decided 011 the pre sent course of nctiou. and it is improb able any mistake bas been made. The only regret is The committee did nut go fanhcr. aud say whether jockeys who have ridden at pony meeiiugs in Sydney shall be allowed to ride in Vic toria. or whether, like the ponies, they are disqualified under existing rules. People who re«oully purchased ox- Sydney ponies will, of course, suffer considerably iu consequence ol the V.R.C. deeisiou. For instance, there is some doubt as to whether Metallic will lie allov,- that Sir Rupert Clarke's gelding has <'ome directly under ibe bnu of the V.R.C., whose distjualifuMiioDs are. 1 believe, endorsed by the Indiau clubs. Such is not the case iu Singapore, where 110 restriction is placed on horses disqualified in Australia : but Metallic was purchased for the Indian market, and his value, consequently, has considerably deteriorated. Another phase of the question is the undeniable benefit " unregistered " clubs will gain through the actiou of the V.R.C. There arc at present in training Over Forty Horses That are Affected fay the Ruling of the V.R.C. Committee. Included in ate uumbcr are sueli ircll- Unowu peKormers as Pickles, Metallic, Goodman, Martin, Djin-Djiu. Martini. Actress, Aluminium, SUauuou, 01n'i6l- inas Bell, Canuonlte, Chatter and Booths, to say nothing of others whose names escape my memory at time ot writ! US- Needless to say, this eontin- pont will he received with open arms by the " unregistered " clubs ot Mel bourne and Sydney, while the loss will ho a severe blow to suburban racing. Now that the V.R.C. have takeu ac tion, probably the A.J.C. will give the question some consideration. At tbe present time it is no unusual thing to sec an owner or trainer who bas been disqualified for malpractice at " pony" meetings openly racing bis horses, without let or hindrance, in his own name, at Raudwick. Disqualified "pony" Irainers still retain their licenses to train under the A.J.C. rules, the premier club iguoriug Hie actiou of the pouv stewards altogether.. One cannot help Uiipltiug thai, bad the V.ll.C'., A. -I.C.. ayd 8. A.J.C. mot ill con- terence aud settled the whole question of pony racing iu a decisive and satis factory maimer, so that what would be law in oue colony would equally apply in another, the Australian tun' would have benefited (hereby. As it is. each club is tinkering with the mai ler in its pwii tiu-poi fashion, aud the result, cannot he otherwise ihau un satisfactory. Count Lehndorff. in his "Horse Breeding Recollections." says " I'o- cohoutas. though she was a roarer, by Iter racing during four seasons, proved hersell" possessed of a good constitu tion : her form, moreover, was not so inferior as many pretend it to have been. If she ha:l run in races of minor importance, she would probably have, bad more than one winning bracket to Iter name. As a twu-yonr ran only in the Criterion, aud was un placed 10 Crucifix. She rau t wice as a, three- year-old. also unplaced, iu the Oaks, won lie Crucifix, and iu the Goodwood Cnp. won by Boggarniau. iu which race Lanercost. was "second, and Iletinan Platoft third. At four years of age she ran three times un placed—in the Goodwood Cup. the Ccsarewileh, and the Cambridgeshire. In the following year, at Goodwood, she won the first heat of a race finally won by Currier. At Brighton she also won the first heat of a race, ultimately won by Miss Heatheote. She made her last appearance on the turf iu a mile race, heats, at Rochester and Chatham, where, iu a field of niue horses, she won the first heat, aud in the other two ran second to Patch work. 