LORD JERSEY -AND-' TfflE CONSTABLE. . ? . A BALMAIN CASE.. There is a member of the police force stationed in Balmain concerning whom it may be said that 'tis a matter of pride and joy to the people of that district to think that he bears a very sFrong re semblance physically to a former Governor of this colony, viz., Lord Jersey. Strange to say, how ever, the constable in question does not share in the delight of the Balmain people over this mat ter, and does not regard himself as highly flatter ed as one should be who is favorably compared with a peer of the realm. Among those who, .it was alleged, take a permanent and abiding inter est in the suggested resemblance of the policeman *-v/ tuc iuiu aic viiicc ^uulluj, ii£iiLLeu respectively Albert Hughes, James Johnson, and' Alfred Rigg (all said to be the sons of business people in BalmainJ, and who with an entirely unnecessary frequency remind the constable of the resem blance. These youths found themselves yester day before Mr. Smithers, S.M., at the Balmain Police Court on a charge of riotous behavior on the 2nd instant Constable Wilson, of Balmain, said that about 7 p.m. on the 2nd inst. he saw the defendants in Darling-street, Balmain, pullinfe and dragging one another about and singing and shouting. He went across the street to them, and one of them sang out, 'Nark it! here comes Jersey!' -(Great laughter and axry of 'Order!' by Constable O'Rorke.) The witness stated that the defendants were, then interfering with the public, and twoladies had been prevented from passing owing to their conduct. He made a ge neral complaint against them, particularly with regard to their troublesome interest in bis sup posed resemblance to his late Excellency Lord Jersey. . - . -, . . William Percy Windward, butcher, Darling road, saw the defendants playing or 'wrestling on the occasion in question, and heard something about 'Jersey' — (laughter) — and saw the consta ble chase them. He did not hear them make any noise. The defendant Alfred Rigg denied the' eonstableis: statements, and said that on the occasion in 'ques- tion he was telling the others a ghost story,' when the constable came across, and asked 'What was1 the game?' and then said 'Go!' and kicked wit ness, who went. The constable, he added, said tnat lie would, 'lumber them all that month. He did not tell the constable to come over and hit him. . He had been shifted once before when sit ting down quietly. ' The defendant Johnson Ngave corroborative evi dence, and the. witness Windward, on being re-' called, said that he saw the whole occurrence, and did not see the constable strike anyone. His Worship said that he believed the evidence of Windward, who was an unbiassed party and a respectable man. He did not consider it a very serious case, and fined Hughes and Johnson 5s, withes 6d costs each, levy and distress, or twenty-four hours; and Rigg 2s 6d, with 2s 6d costs, levy and distress, or six hours' imprison ment. 