THE SIgVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS. Sir.-On. Sn trday laist the: Sabbthi, of the Ssventlh-Day Adventists, I -ittended! the morning :service at their camp, meet ig. ground at Hamlltoni, near Newcastle. This. is thle first tliio thls religious bodly haive had an' encampment in this nortlhern part o-.athe colony,- and the erection :of. comee40 or S0 tehts in a five or sil acrelpad ddIclr has fulnished. a mild sensation to Newcastle, and- districts and crowds have. vsited thIe liadoe some fo ?-worship at their services and maun fol curloslty. That which distinguishes them froin:th e other religious sects; as all knom is thle telineo ity wit which they hold to the doctrine that the seventh day: of tihe' week is the Sabbath (our Saturdal) ; and not the first· day of the week (our Sunday), which all. ite-i's .Cihristiauns oblserve, and say is the, Sabbath. : My objcot wanis to see the matiner of the encampmentl and to observe lio? this roll glols body Iket thi' Sabbatll. Tllh bills and advortisements had stated that visitors could be supplied wjtl a good; .wrln voege tarian meal at (1(d per head, The sermon In the morning was by thed Rev. Mr. Starr, and. appeared to be ver; asimilar to those preached In any orthodox Dulpit, dlwelling chiefly upon the nec'eosslty of his hlearers possessing the Holy Spirit to banish from thie heart' all desire of ilnpurlty and sin. .The.preacher was fairly fluent -in delivery, and'his knowledge of and references to the scriptures pore far alove the average. At the conIlusion of thle service, ill conversa tion wi t.thle pastor, Mr. Starr, I said that thieir heol!lef.'and lirnaetico of keepling .the soventlh day of the week as the Sabbath wasnijistifed and proved to be correct from the scrilptures, tlhe authority which both they and thosr obpponents accepted as the only guide upon the subject, and if the fourth commandmellt was as binding now us when first delivered, and was of uni versal application, then a breach of that comtnand must meet with the same pun Ishlnont as was awarded when given. And whatwas the penalty for a breach of the Sabbath? In Exodus, 35,, 2, 3, the penalty is givcn in language clear and unmistak able. In the first verse Moses gathered all the congregation of the children of Israel together and said:-" These are the words which the Lord hath comnmanded that ye should do. Six days shall work hIe (lone, lbut on thle sevellnth (lay there shall be to you a holy day, a Sabbath of rest to thie Lord. Whlloever ldoeth work therein shall be plut to deathl. Ye shall kindle no fire throgllhoult yollr habitations upon thile Sab Iatlh Day." -Here the fourth comlalndment is re rpeated with the pulnlisholent of ldeath for its breach. alnd with thle further col mand( that lno fires either for cooking or any other purpoise slhoulld be lighted onl tihe Sabbath )Day'. said, pointing to tilhe woodenll building 'where thle cookling was in opleratilon, " Ihow do youl llanllge to feed the people with warmll dinners when you are colmmanded to light no ires on tilhe Sabbath?" " Oh." he realied, "we donl't cook on tile Sabbath. The cooliking is ldone tile day Ibefore; \re onlly lwarm tlhe food on the Sabbhath." " But what is the differ ence lctween coolking tlhe food anld wllrm lig tile food ? DIo yell nlot lighlt tile fires in both cases alike ? I see you have two kIitchen ranges with fires in fuoll operation, alnd yet you are comlnlluded to light no fires on the Sablath." He replied, "' The colnlmand to light no fires was of local ap plicatlon. The details inl carryilng out the command are loft to the cirlcumnlstances of phlare and time." lThe reply to this subterfuge is that if It is right to disregard one portion of the command. "Thou shalt Indle no fire on the Sabbath Day," it is equally right to disobey the comlmand " Thou shalt keep the seventh day as a Sabbath." The one portion is equally as binding as the other, as both commnantls were giVen at tile saime time and place. Now, while the Seventh Day Adventists are amply supported by scripture in keeping the seventh day as the Sabbath, they are utterly inconsistent in lighting fires and employing men and women cooks and waiters in the labour o! lighlting fires and conveying hot meals to all and sundry who sit down in the dining tent, at so much per head. While the Seventh-Day Adventists al logo that those who bold the lirst day of the week is the Sabbath are wrong and prove it, they themselves have got the right day and breaklt it. Having got the right day why don't they keep it? It does not say much for religion which plays fast and loose with a command just to suit convenience. If the, command is too bar barous to be obeyed lot them be honest and say so, and nol'pretend to keep tthe seventh day as a Sabbath and break it every week. This kind of conduct will not redound to the credit of the Seventh-Day' Adventists.-I am, &c.;, • READER. Sir',-Observing the great attraction just now towards the Seoenth Day Adventlists, and being informed that at an early date they will leave up, cause these few re marks. I presume that others abstain fromnt writing because a very, old lady is known to be l:ell sip in the front of the fstctlon. To .honour old ago is an old nma.xim; yet lher position as a preventiveo of attack -is more than can he afforded them. The records of congregations of 1000 :and 1500 are startling, and the chances are that the news will cause per ..loxity to someno people's nerves, for they more than tlhe churches bring Scriptures to hear thesn through. Admitting that they rre. leading in tils manner, in so doing they evade many pages of the Bible to work up their own ends. For instance, we read "Sell all thou hast and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven." Again, "Tlhe hundred and forty-four thousand which were redeemed from the earth." Again. "In my 1a-ther's house there are many nianslons. . . .Wherever I he there shall ye be also." That this faction are empihasleitng the seventh day of the Com. mandments in tile Book of Exodus seems clear; yet the reason why is not yet ex plained. WVe read in another place the following texts:--"Remember that thou wast a servant in the land of Egypt, and that the Lord tlhy God brought thee out thence through a mighty hand and a ,tretched out nrtt; therefore the Lord thy God command thee to keep the Sabbath Day." Also, we read: "The Lord made not this covenant with our fathers, lat with us, even us who are all of us alive this day." When many years ago, in the "Bible Echo." correspondence was running high on the seventh day, I requested the editor to kindly.put in his paper the Coinmaind-' muents as they were read in the Book of Deuteronomy; but this, so far, as I watch ed, was not done. , Possibly my communication failed on the road. Anyway, it is only business .to guard against complications. Now that so many sects are prevailing ardund us, we surely need not be unhinged by these Ad ventists, who avowedly are only among us for a little while. Yet less any hasty con clusion be madle by looking on. the caress ing and sister love and capability, we read in thl Bible, "Let the" woman learn in silence;" again, "I suffer not a woman'to teach."--I am. &e.;, JOHN S. THOMIAS: Sir,-In common wlthtihe multitude at tracted by the novelty of the event, I visit ed the Adventists' camp last night. I have no inclination to discuss some of the pecu lian tenets of the good people who com pose the body represented there; life is too short to spend In that way. , But in illustrating his address, the speaker re ferred to a Seventh Day Adventist in Illi nois reputed to he worth 75,000 dollars, and 'to a visit he paid to that'brother. The far mer, wlh pardonable pride, pointed to his extensive acreage, and said it was wortli a certain sum. "No, my brother." said the visitor, "you know the trumpet will sound presently, and then i shall have as good a :title to the land as you." But the farmer rprotested that the value of tlhe land was as he stated, so0the visiting teacher. advised himnt if hlie could fial anyone to pay thdt price to sell at once. The advisor coutl not have meant that denth would come and take the owner away, because the pro perty would be worth Just as much to mourning relatives and friends as to hini self. The reference evidently was to the early expected eind of the age by the corn ing of the Lord. If that be so, what becomes of commer clal honesty? If a slan knows that some ,thing of which he is possessed is worth £100, but can find someone who is not5 so well informed who will give him £200 for it, it may be business smartness to ac cept and sell, but Is it Christian justice? That the proposal included the use of part of'the proceeds for the support of religious work is nothing, or it could be maintained that robbery Is right so long as the pro ceeds be devoted to good ends. The happy go-lucky thenries propounded by some of our modern ecclosihastical developments may catch on with a few of thie unthinking and ill-informed, hut the preacher who eqounsels business methods which savour most of the betting ring will meet wiilf little acceptance. A strlctl' literal iiiter pretaition of' many Scriptural phrases will terich some queer things, but there is one of .the Master's saylngs which must'abide the corner stone of righteous'living:' "As ye would thart others should-do'to you, do ye even so unto them." Tried by this test, the advice tendered to the farmer was rotten to the core, and unchrlstian to,the lass 'degree.- am, &c.;, ViSITOR.:: 29th December, 18i8.S Sir---I would like to try and: orrect an few of ithe errors which your) coirespotn dlent ''Reader'l has' fallen into.' In 'hls pleading for the recognition of the soevtith day as tioSabbath, and after tiylng. to Iprvo his case, from the Bible, hle goes on 'o:assielt that "there is no authority inthe Now - Testiametoi fo thie :change, and' it is a:nihmi-tmiade inistitutiou; and liid no exist onc8F even ini the" Christiai Cliuirch :for miote tlhai, 300 years -gftnr the Chlristian era Previous to Colishttino,; iln 320, 'tlihe 'Christlans worked on tlhe first day of the' week, as iell :as :on other days." Now all tlhose who are acquainted with New Testament history know that after th reiuttrrection Clitist mot ropeatedly il ith his disclples obli the first day of the week," butt not at all on the seventh. "IHeo honointed andt sanctifiled the first day of tlihe week "lb. atoltlinig his apostles for their eworlbY the HIoly Ghost, at Pentecost. Tile npostles evert after observed the first day of the .week as the Sabbath." I. Cor., XVI..'2: "Upon the first day of the weoelk lot overy one of you lay by him ini store as aGod hath prospered him, that there to no gatherilng' when I come." The first day of tlie week was calledl tile Lord's day. Rev. I., 30: "I was in the Spirit on thi Lord's day, and heard behlind me a great voce as of a trimnpet." The early Chris tlat fathers hear testimony that the first day wvas regarded by the Church as the Lord's daIy, and as the Sabbath. Ignatius, a contenmporary with the apostle John, says, "Let revery an thallt loves Chrllilst Itkep holy the Lord's lday; the queen of days; Ihe resurrcctloa (lay; tile highest of all dlays." Justin Martyr says, "On the day commonly called Sunday (by the bre Ilhrcn) ll mieet together in the city and country for divine worship." Theophilus, lishop of Antiocil: "Both cllstom and rea son challeglllclle frlom uts tltat we should holl our the Lordtl's day; seeing on that day it Oas Ilt:t our Lord Jesus Christ comlletfed his resurrection fronlt tile dead." The Sy'aod of Laodicea adoptedl this canon: "l'that Cliristians should not Judaize anud rest fron all labour on the Sabbathl (i.e., tle seventh day), but follow their ordinal!ry ,'vork; ntl nshoulld ntot ettertailll such tshoughts o[ it, but that they should prefer tile Lord's Iday, andt on that day rest tas Christians." You will see by tllese ar ,alllntells lthlt It was at tile dawn of the Christian dispensation that thie ichaige took place fromt tile seventh to tio first day of tile week. and tlhalt Christ himself was thle first to lay the foundationt for that chanige: and whart was to hinder Him, "w'en he haud tolled, tiid laboured, iandt bled, and ditd, and risen, and complete?d the inflnitely greater worlk of man's re dmpt'on,, He was disptosed so to ,clanige the dtay as to commenlorate tile latter, itl stenadt of the former, eventt, as being motrer wortlhy of colnlm orationi. lie ithad a right to do so."-I am, &c.;, C. CLULOW. Smednlore, December (th. 