DR. GALLAGHtSR AT MaHULAN. O. Saturday, 12th instant, his Lordship, the Right Rev. Dr GQlloghor, Coadjurtor-Bishop of Goulburn, iroceeded from hero to Alarulan to examine the hildren for the Sacrament of Confirmation. On tarriving at St. Patrick's Ohurch his Lordship was met by the Roev. P. F. O'Shea and the children. mmediately after the eleven o'clock Mass on Sun. day, 13th instant, in the presence of a large congre gation which filled the beautiful little churcl to its utmost capncity, his Lordship administerred the Saorament of Confirmation to forty candidateos. In the course of an imprecsiie discourse Lii Lord. ehip poiutod out to those confirmed the duties and ebligations they had contracted by the reception of Confirmation, which made them perfect Ohrisitoias. Re told them that they should be children of prayer, that even under all crosses and difficulties they hould bear the sweet yoke of Christ, and that on no account should theuy barter the sacred gift of their holy faith, not even fur the passing honours, riches, and glory of this world. His Lordlship pointed out to the children that the best way to keep alive in heir hearts the grace of God is to frcquenot regularly cnd worthily the Seacraments of Penance and the lessed Eucharist. When his Lordship had concluded the sacred luties of his visit he was presented with a beautiful lluminated address of wtloome. Mr. P. Kilfoyle, en behalf of the OCatholics, read the address, of whioh he following is a copy : o the night Bev. Johnoto oaliee, D.D., CoadjutorBisheop of Goa hceu. 3las it please your LOnlelrietl.-We, tire Cathollcof tire Merulan district, respcttully wisih to n crbvonter Iioe relcone to roer church, andeas the presenrt visit is trie etrit cdu panid uis stilce yarr elevation to the Bptscopacv we desire to espreos to yeur Lordstiprosir heartfelt jor and umglitude eor tire caltret dignits corterred on, yeou hv the eolt See. ' During your long irilsiiolnrar carecr li thits dlioces , ectenld ticeser ctncyntsciyht yeses, to,, trae iqnees air tinlportorrt pot In tie weltror of eori Iolt Chuirch, VYour pietp, treoterri Inir, anl solocstjrrinc elorquerce trace en alt oceastoes node ttierrocitcs iresitteost liilt inc terrole of the Catholic Church. Astrd tierce we feel isonred that ngtornplrrtrrrelrt as Cooriirrtor.Oisiretr of elsie tsrrrueootnn hioesc 19 one that will brirrg dare, on Lttltcchiseo t bleosingr: ettleoteri. WVe feet confident too tlat the great success anrd treosperite tylrich have attender the irdetatigable labouhr and niila. nestirehbiity ol oeriresentr retered prelate, Dr. Lnsigprn, in tthe seitnee of retigrors tsr this diocse, sciti he cone Lord. ehipea hnortedtge, eloquence, seal, and pistytbe sciidlrratc anid ?osteredt. . . .. As you hbre proposed to c?ler th Gohen Sacertoto Jubilee of our present beloved Bishop, Dr. LG'lnian, by the consecration of SS. Peter and Paul's Cathedral in April next, we wish to infoor you that we gre in thorough Itarmocye ith y'our peraueorthy elforts, uaroreorgld a doee to hnve on pportunity of msniesoting out the present oenasiro our lose, respet, oald gratitufe to Dr. Lanian, ho mnyt yeaar wh o a As the present debt otn our beutditul and tastetully.finised COthedtrl, tboe work of our goet Bishlop, eoald piereot its coneertion, e destire yoout to Oe hr thle eoleteofying eheefo fur tlftern ouioers as our sulall ottering towares tfte liqiodatione of lthe debt. . That Ihe bl easis.o anod guidacr of Atlmlihty God tmar ulasho o wtend your Lolrshils laboe ot t ano tehnt yuot ol re toretller eett theoltar of God, i tile hlumble teetitoec of Itte aithuililcd dovotecl Catteoico of tle Morolblo e dustrict. Sigedlo be tolin of the Catholics o tile distriet-P. til. oulev. W. Ooloee. J. \VWallace, 3. O'lrin, II. fierbert, Tlhoanes J.tCulace, Jol u C1110eJriet, J.lllee Stouler. His lordship, Dr. Gallagher, in replying to the address, eald it gave him great pleasure to accept their beautiful address and handsome testimonial Their address spoke out the warm, generous sonti inecls of loyalty, affection, and esteem which, thank Qod,'hed ualways ulsiotod adud, he trusted, wolld ever subsist between the Oatholio people of the diocese of oulburn and their hief pasr. Itor. Itght to be a great source of strength to a coadjutor bishop - who was still little more than entering upon the discharge of his high but onerous duties-to not merely be told in every place ha visits, but to feel that he eaon rely in all his diffcleulties- in all his works for God's glory and for tbo selvation of seuls -on the strong faith and firm purpose and generous eo-operation of a loyal and determined and faithful people. He was also very pleased that they utilised the occasion of his visit to make up this (fr them) truly splendid collection, and asked him to present it to their venerable Bichop, Dr. Lanigan, as their donation towards wiping out the debt upon-as a necessary pteliminary for the consecration of--his grand Cathedral. The tie that bound the people of Iearttlan to his lordship, Dr. Lanigan, was not of a late date nor of an ordinary kind. Nearly forty years had elapsed since Dr. Luanigan had first celu boted MoIss itn this district. It was he that had built and left completed, aftost as it etands to-day, that solid, pretty, and commodious little church of dressed tono. Some of those hereof thoher present must have been baptised by his lordfship; and omany at least of thoso who now make iup tho elders of tle congregation must have betu prepared by him for their first reeption of tho sacrameCntt . It was then a geonuine pleasure for him (Dr. Gallaghr) toIn present this generous heart-offieriIgt ot his old fyiok to Dr. Ladngan at the orownitg event of his life, as a memeuto of his flrst rrioilun and of hio early labours in Australia. It was natural Ileat they and indeed that ofal the Ctholics of tle dioless of coulburn--should feel proud of their Cathedral, of contributing something towtard its fioul emancipa. tion from debt, and of the privilege of being present pt itl o tlemsn copsecraltion. It was a privilege that fould fthl to the lot of only one generalion. It was an event that could occur only onuc in the history of a diocese. Onoo solemnly conseorated the Cathedral oould not, while it retained ito identity, beo over consecrated again. As was baptism for tho Christian, as were holy orders for the priest, uch wnas solemn onuseora tlon for the ithoedral. It inmprinted a sacred character or mirk that woulel never bo effaced The Cathodral, besides, was not the chureh merely of a parish, or of a town, or of a city. It was the cbtroh of the whole diocese. In it the public worseip of tuod is earrried out in all its splendour. In it are consecrated the holy oeil uaed in the sacraments of bnptiinm, of confirmation, of holy ordcrs, and of extreleo tiestion. In it are ordaitud thopriesta who administe the saorateats aed initrtot tihe people l:ron it the chief pastor ex rciaes jauisdiioen and takes heed for the whole flock over which the Iifly Ghost has placed him a bishop to ruls the Church of God, It was therefore a matter fur legitimate prido, tnot merely to Ilteir venenhblo Bishop, but for hIis ;:;tlou, hard-v.orlinlg, aud energoletic priests, tud tor all thcji faitlhful p:oull, Ihbet hS. Prter and Poul's is the firest Cath.lr.l of tie mect'ropoliton provicue of Sydney and oi the colony of New South Wales to bo eBlem'ly oouaeoratol. It would be a lIasling nd glrlorious memorial of Le long and fruit ful epiacopate, and of tie close lenion and mtagntifl cont geuerosity of islhop, pricstp, :nd people, that it is the only C.athedral of the soufhlen world wrhich was begun, successfully carried through, and is now to bo solemnly dedicated in the lifetime of its first Dishop. And now one wordlor themselves in par. tioular before ho conoluded. Although the acoom modation owas likely to bhe overtaxed on the day of tho coneecration, and room could hardly be found for all who on that day would be anxious to gain odmission, yet he hoped that several from Marulan might be present in tile Cathedral on April 24. Such an event formed an epoch and constituted a?s it were a landmark in one's life. Ile hoped espoolally that some few of the juoior members of their little congregation might he present ; and that when Dr. Launigan and himself and Father O'Shea and all the bishops, priests, and people who were chief actors on the scene had gone into the house of their eternity they might be able to recoutt to a new generation that they were ttele on that which was perhaps the proudest day which the Catholics had ever seen, when under the presidency of the Cardinal.Archbishop, surrounded by iall the Bishops of the province and nearly all the priests of the diocese and a vast concourse of the faithful, SS. Peter and Paul's Cathedral, at last completed in all details and free from every penny of debt, wos solemnly dedicoated to the service of God and for all the sacred functions of our holy Catholio religion. 