"THE VANISHING DIAMOND; The Treasure Seekers of Thibet;" Uv .SlIL GlIellKUT C.\MI'ltKLT,j UaKT'I Author of ' From Shadow to Light/' H On a Winter' Night," " Wild nod "Wtinl," A'c. (PnhluhnVi'j rpecUtl iirr&njeniml; »((' ir«r«t, .f Ihtclen, LUX., CHAPTER VF. (Continued). TIIR UKAD AL1VK. What iutcresled Donald, however, mora than tho intelligence regm ding the robber chief, was tbe news thut a thick uf the largo mountaio sheep (Ovis Amiuon) had been seen in tho iinmo diite vicinity, and with his father's per mission ho prepared to accompany tho nativo hunter who had marked down tho herd. In a very few minutes nil liii preparations were complete, and with his riflo slung over his shoulder, nnd followed by a cnuplo of the escort, lis accompanied hi guido across tho wlda plains to nomo low rising ground nbout tbroo miles distant. Tho native hunter led Donald to a sort of rille pit that had been scooped out, aud whisper ing to him to remain perfectly stiU and that ho would tako a long circuit and drive tho sheep towards him, mado off at u alow trot, followed by tho men of the camp. Thero was u long nnd weary wnit for Donald whilst tho hunter was away, and tho boy gazed around at the dreary and uninteresting scene, a wide -extant of brown plain without a single trco to break tho monotony. Abovo the cloir blue sky nnd far up in it could be described tho dark eirnpes uf buge vol turcs which woro scon filiating about far away in the airy regions of space, whilst far away tho snowy white nf the per tho rays of tho sun, hong nnd wearily the hoy waited, until at length he per coived a small cloud uf diint rising some eight hundred yards off, and in a fow minutes n Itock of mountain sheep came tearing along, their great horns rattling against each other, and led by a grizzled old patriarch with a long beard. Donald cnnceuled himself as best ho could in Im hiding-place, aud cocking both bar rels of his ritle, waited until bo could get a side shot. In another instant tho ilock passed within eighty yards of him, nnd Liking a steady aim bo fired Tho sound of tho report only seemed to in croaso tho spfod of tho frightened ani mals, hut tho boy was certain that bis shot hud ttikon effect, and after a couple nf humlrod more yards had boen passed over ono of tho nnimul's rapid pica sub sided Into a short atoggering walk, aud in anothor moment it fell over on ite side. Leaving his rifla at his hidjog-pluce, Donald sprang towards tho spot where tho creature was broathing out its life. As ha was drawing his knife tu put nn fell across him ami ho felt his shoulder graspad with ti clutch of iron. In utter surpriso tho boy looked up and met the savago fuco of tho half-casto Do Cruz gazing into his. " 8d, you young spawn of tho old serpent, " growled tho man, ' I havo got you alono at lust, have 1 1 Now I can satisfy tho grudgo £ nwo to your father for driving mo out of his houae ami service. I do not think ho would care much to go in his soaich for the diamond if bo foiiLd h's dear bulovod eon stretched on the plaius of Thibet with his throat c it from oar to ear, aud his eyes picked out by tho vultures." " You villuin ! " cried tho boy, spring ing to his fuel, and standing ou tho dofonsivo with his huutlng- knifo ; "you will havo something to do boforo yon out my throat, I cau tell you." " Perhaps so," roturnod tho half-caste, ns with a bitter snocr ho hastily moved botwocn Donald and tho spot whero tho latter had his riilo. " I suppose yon thought that yoqr ncw-foand friend Dhurrumdasa had hurled rac into eternity in tho mist. Not a bit of it, for whon I saw that neither tho rigidly moral Mr. Mucalpiuo nor his truly Christian honchnmu Dhurrumdasa woro disposed to stop nt murder, I first slashed tho latter over the wrist and slipped into a littlo biding-placo I had in tho rocks, and threw my sheepskin coat down tho khml (precipice) and bo iuuuwuikuu mi yuur uiunucnng eyes, Ha, ha! you will havo to rise early., in tho morning to catch Audrow De Cruz nsleopl" "I know nothing about that," ro turnod the boy undauntedly, " but. this I do know, and that is that in ten . minutes' timo I shall havo frionds round mo who will prevent you carrying any of your absurd threats into execution. I know you, Audrow Da Cruz, and all tho vaiu brag of your class. Cunning you may be, but you have not oven tho courngo to come to closo quarters with mo, though you havo a double-barrelled carb'mo aud 1 havo only a bunting- knife." ; "Thero is no occasion," roturnod the half-casto composedly, " I can out your throat after you nre dead, so as to add to tho horror your father will experience at finding your body so brutally dis figured ; and ns you say tbat you havo help at hand I may as well get to work at onco." Stopping a paco or two back as be spoko, the half-casto cooked and lovellod bis carbine. The deadly tubes gleamed within ten feet of tbe Eogtlsh boy's lioart, and tbo cruel eyes tbat glanced along tbem showed qp signs of relentiog. Donald's cheek grew a little shade paler, but he maintained bis position firmly, determining, if not disabled by tbe first shot, to make a dash at his aowardly assassin. His fate seemed inevitable, but at tbat moment a couple of eborp cracks of matchlocks were beard, and with a bittor curso tho haU-caite spun half round, bis carbine exploding harm lessly as he did so, whilst the blood etreamed from a wound just above tho elbow. Mechanically the boy glancod in tbe direction from which the succour had come, and saw tbe two men of the escort with tho matchlocks still smoking from their recent discbarge, whilst the nativo hunter was kneeling down point lag his loug weapon full in the direction of tho hatLcaste. De Cruz'a oyos glanced in tbe same direction, 'and with a howl uf terror he clapped his hand to his wounded arm and sped away across tbe plaii.e at a pice that defied pursuit. CHARTER VIF. tiib raiK.vr ok the imiootb. When Mr. Maoalpino heard of tbe dastardly attempt of Do Cruz, and tbat the half-caste wte still at liberty to carry out bis murderous plots, be was both ooraged and alarmed Dbur rumdaea and half a duzun of tbo oscort, mounted upon mulos and ponies, sot out to search for tho fugitive, and scoured the plains for many mllos without success, for tbe balf-caslo scorned to havo disappeared as com. plotely as though the earth bad opeocd and swallowed him up. Wearied and dispiritod, they roturnod lato to camp with tho report of tbefailuro of thoir mission. Although Mr. Macslpioe had dotormiued to bait for two or three days to enablo both mon and beasts to recover from tho fatiguos of thoir passage through the snowy passes, bo now mado .up bis uiiod to linger no longer in to dangerous a locality, and accordingly moved off with tbe first bosun of Iho sun, and by the fall of night had placed some twenty miles betweon himself and last halllng-placc. Somo fifty yards from tbe site selected for a camp were a number of dome shaped tombf,tho monumonti of somo dead ami gono Tartar tribe, with a tall halLruincd tosror standing in the midst. Many such dcicrtod villages of tho dead aro to be found in tho trackless plains ofThibot and Chinese Asriary, anu no uiuur iraco ot tue colsbritios whoso valiant dcods tboy wero raised to enmmomorato, remains. Tho eicort,who had an unconquerablo dread of those woird localities as the abode of Ihoott and yhoult (ghosts and cannibal spirits), did not attompt to venture near tho tombi; but Mr. Macalpino and his ion, after they had partaken of their ovoning mewl, shouldered their rifles and walked across to tho ruina to aeo if there wero any ancient inscriptions upon tbo various slabs that woro seen to bo scattered about. Just as thoy reached tho foot of tho mound upon which tbo ruined tower stood, a series of wild and unearthly yolls broko through tho still night air snd caused both fathor and sou to come to a dead halt and glanco to soo if thoir rifles wero ready for immediate use. Again and again the yolla and criea were ropoated, and a number of hawke and owls flow out of the odlfieo, and circled wildly around, adding to tho upr.ar with their harsh discordant notes and tho rapid flapping of tboir wings. auo utucr uuoariuiy euuuua iiau uy this time csesed, and Mr. Macalpino and Donald agAia made a movo to reach tbe foot of tbe tower. »Suddeoly from a low archway io tbe side of it a hideous and indescribable creature came out at a swift pace upon all fours, aud then, with another wild and discordant bow), raised itself ioto an erect position, and for a moment or two remained motion less before tbo introders. Tbe appear unce of tho apparition was ono which could not fall to command immediate attention : tall and with hardly en atom uf superfluous flesh upon it, tbe body and limbs covorod with e thick coating of grease and groy wood ashes, a shirt, or rather a deep girdle, composed of tbe feathers of the great vulture of the bills, whilst tho hair, which was very long nnd dyed of a deep orango colour, was fantastically ornamented with a number of brass and steel rings, In its right Imnd this formidable creature bore a Bivago-luoking club, the striklug part of which woe garnished with loug iron spikes. Fur a moment 'the creature stood motionless, forming an inapt representative of the Guardian of tbe Turnb. Instinctively, Donald pressed closer to hie father, who whispered to him to keep up hie heart, for thut this appaliug creature was nothing but ono of thoio religious mono uaulacs who ohooso for thoir rosi dcncoa envoi aud sacred buildings, and who by their aeootiem think to atone for tbo orroneousneis of their belief, Tbo figure onco more uttered a eoriee of appalling soresmr, nod thon, whirl ing iti club round ita hoad, advanced swiftly as though prepared to beat tbo intruders into tho oarth, but again came to an abrupt halt as tho shining tubes of tho rifloa uerolovollod steadily against its faco and chest. "Halt 1 " said Mr, Macalpino stornly, addressing tho figure in tho Thibetan language. " Wo do not intend to do you any barm, but wo will submit to no.violonco, Lower your club ; you know, Ieupposo, that with tho woapons wo carry wo could etriko you dead where you stand." A etrango contortion paisod over .tho yoyi's (holy man's) face, as in obedlcnco to tho etorn command bo allowed tho spiked end of hie tnaco to sink to the ground. " What do you horo P " growled ho in strange accents, epoakiog not in the Thibetan, but tbo oommon Hindustani dialoot of tbo Indian plains. " Why do you como here todieturbtbe priest of tho bhoot and tho 'ghoul? Will you not leavo tho dwoller in the wildoroose, whoso abode is with tho aorpont, the orawllng eoako and venomous toad, in peaco? Why am I to bo dteturbod by mere mortals— r, who contort but with the spirits of the mighty dead I, who nightly eeo tho dark ehadee arise from thoir sepalohrea and dance grimly round as tho blue phosphoric flames glimmer upon their fioihlcss bones? I, the comtnuner with tho dead, am no fit companion for tho living. Away, I ay, and leavo Habd al Hoosi, tho Priest of iho Spectro, to his own congregation." All this string of wards was poured out with tho most intense volubility and accompanied by tho wildest gostures and grimaces. Donald alio had now recovered from hie momen tary panic, gazing with some curiosity, not nnmingled with amusement. " Worthy Habd si Iloosi," returned tho pretended merchant, " we havo no wish to intrude upon your most important duties. We have ouly como here to ga/o upon tho tombs of those moat illustrious heroes of which you are ao fitting a guardian." "Who ore you, I ask again?" growled the etrango priest. "Moat worthy guardian of tho tomb," remarked Donald, pushing forward, M we aro tho world-renowned morchanta Mac al l'ine, who have come from Iho uttermost parte of tbo world to trade with tbo wealthy oohlomen of Thibet and Chinese Tartary." (To be continued.) 