I ADDRESS-IN-REPLY.' FEDERAL CONSTITUTION BILL DEBATED. Hon. Dr. BUTLER brought up the Address-in-Reply to His Excellency's Speech, as follows: To His Excellency the Right Hon. Viscount GORMANSTON, Knight of the Grand Cross of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George, Governor and Commander-in-Chief in and over the colony of Tasmania and its dependencies. May it Please Your Excel. nay.- I Wo, Her Majesty's, dm if me and to, all subjects, the members of the Legislative Council of Tasmania in Parliament assembled, desire to thank Your Excellency for the Speech with which you have opened this third season of the 12th Parliament of Tasmania, and to renew through Your Excellency the expression of our devoted attachment to the Throne and person of Her Most Gracious sincerity. We welcome with Your Excellency the continuance of the industrial progress of the colony, and the general prosperity manifested In our affair-. We join in the sympathetic reference to the national calamities which have visited us, first in the death of the late Chief Jubilee, and secondly, the bush fires which have brought so much suffering and distress to various parts of the colony. We desire to assure Your Excellency that the measures which may be brought before us will receive our most careful dclHiorations. Hon. Dr. BUTLER, in moving the adop- tion of the address, said there were some subjects in His Excellency's speech which were matters for congratulation but there were others identified with serious regret. He would abandon eight of the great loss which the colony had sustained by the death of the late Chief Justice No doubt the legal members of the House would have been better able to testify to the late Chief Justice's great legal attainments, but he (the speaker) could not allow the occasion to pass without also expressing, as a layman, his appreciation of the great ability of the late Chief Justice, and mentioning the loss the colony had sustained by his sudden demise Hon. a. I ROOKE : A friend to the whole colony. Hon. Dr. BUTLER (continuing) The bush fires had been a great calamity, and, unfortunately were not unattended by loss of life. The sad occasion, however, served to demonstrate the good qualities of the Tasmanian people, for the whole colony contributed to the relief of the sufferers in a manner which would lastingly redound to the credit of our people. (Hear, hear.) Coming to the brighter side of His Excellency's speech, allusion was made to the revenue of the colony continuing to become more buoyant. The revenue derived from Customs was increasing, and it was calculated that this year the floating debt, which was so heavy a few years ago, would be reduced by ¿'80,000 He took it that there was to be no income tax this year, and he congratulated the Government upon that point. Of the bills that worn promised, the first was the electoral bill. No doubt it would be very much the same as electoral bills brought up last your and the year before.. At present there was a duplicate system of conducting elections in opera ton' -one for the cities, and one for the country districts ; but he trusted that the bill now promised would make the system uniform throughout the colony. If the Hare system was to be perpetuated in the two cities then it should be intended to the country electorates, for what was sauce for the goose should he sauce for the gander. (Laughter, and "Hear, hear."). The Hare system was certainly not approved by a great many in the two cities. (Hear, hear. ) The next bill referred to in the Governor's speech, he supposed, was their old friend, the unimproved capital value proposal ; but it was to be hoped not. There were at present few measures promised, but he supposed batches of other bills would be brought in. As to adjourning until June in order to give the Convention delegates an opportunity of going about the country and explaining the Commonwealth Bill, he thought it a wise thing to do. He earnestly hoped that a very large number would go to the poll on the question of accepting the measure, whether they voted for or against. (Hear, hear.) He would be very sorry to find that a majority had voted for federation on the lines of that bill, when at the same time fewer went to the poll that had stopped away. (Hear, hear ) That was a point for the people's most serious considera- non (Hear, hear ) Hon H I ROOKE said he had been asked by the Premier to second the motion In that House there were no party politics and that was why people had confidence in the Council He recognised that the men sent to the Convention did good work A bill had been produced that was acceptable in almost every thing The financial aspect was the trouble Tasmania was treated very badly at the Convention, especially by the Premier of New South Wales, who had gone out of his way to be little Tasmania 1 Asmara was a potent factor in the future of Australasia, and must be properly treatof The statisticians having shown that Tasmania would be a loser under the bill as it stood, the country would require to be very cautious If it cost Tasmania what Mr Johnston who had no leg to pull, said it would, he doubted the benefit by federation to this colony under the Commonwealth Bill that had been prepared. Park ment should have a voice in the decision of the colony in the matter. He, however, thought June 3 was a suitable time to take the poll Of course, if New South Wales, West Australia and Queensland did not men it would be absent to talk of federation Gould w not have federation for defence purposes without pooling our railways, debts, blossoms, and se on' (Hear, hear ) there would be no saving of £80,000 this year if Tasmania was going to feder to The big revenue from Tattersall would be lost after a f w years. It was absurd to talk of creating a new nation-didn't we belong to a great nation already (Hear, hear ) Australasia could not do without Tasmania, for if she stood out she would be the rendezvous of the British fleet Tasmania need not care a-for Australasia (Laughter ) So the colony need not be frightened, at ugh by those on the other side she was called a ' little apple orchard " (Laughter ) The people would have to be very careful how they voted on June 3 As to the colony s prosperity, mine after mine was being shut upon the West Coast, and the Government would have to be careful about the Customs duties not being carried too far, and so as to matto living too dear The West Coast was not such a grand thing as was sometimes made out, and there might be a bad time coming, so he did not think this £80,000 calculated to be gained by the Treasury would be saved He took it that the true system was included in the Electoral Bill to be brought up. The CHIEF SECRETARY: That is for the Council to Bay. Hon. H. I. ROOKE : I shall vote against it, as not a fair system. And the unim- proved capital project, he supposed, was to be brought up again. He was ashamed of the Government. (Laughter, and "Hear, hear.) unimproved capital value had not a ghost of a chance. The people of the colony, were quiet, and working out their own salvation, and would not stand a new-fangled assessment just now. the Governor's speech was a ghost of one. Where was central disa tion of the police? (Hear, hear.) There was not a shadow of policy in the speech. The Phksidkkt : I thought the hon. gentleman was seconding the speech. (Laughter.) Hon. H. I. ROOKE complained of the President interrupting him, and resumed his seat Hon. C. H. GRANT referred to the Commonwealth Bill. Unity was strength, and it would be for the people to consider whether it would not be better to unite with the other colonies rather than stand aspects, exercising, and enjoying their own liberties. As to defence, no doubt our protection would be just the same from imperial sources whether the colony federated or not, so the question of federation might be considered without reference to defence. No doubt an Australian fleet would not be able alone to protect these shores, whilst the British fleet, in the event of war would occupy the best strategic positions. If the members at the Convention did not satisfy all; yet they worked very hard indeed. If they had not succeeded in safeguarding the interests of the colony to the extent desired, they had done their best in that direction, in face of conflicting interests at the Convention, ranging in political creeds from old conservatism to extreme democracy. He confessed that the bill was the most democratic measure ever passed. Had an unfortunate division that was taken at the Convention on the subject of taking over the debts resulted as Tasmanian representatives, with one exception, had desired, this financial question would not now have arisen. He feared the financial clauses in the bill would operate seriously upon our finances, and that was what the people had to consider. It was a grand thing that equal State rights was secured. It was as yet impossible to say what the effect of the federal tariff would be upon Tasmania. No doubt it would result in considerable loss ; but against that there was the increase of population, the surplus we had at the present time, and the increase in spending power. The people had therefore to consider the risks and responsibilities on one side and the advantages on the other. The speaker referred to the loss sustained by the death of Sir Lambert Dobson No more painstaking Judge had ever occupied the Bench, or one more courteous and obliging or who had the interests of the people at heart As to the measures to be introduced, it was to be hoped that there would be a few useful measures rather than a congestion of general bills brought up for consideration (Hear, hear ) 1'haOHIKF STOCKED AllY was not going to address himself at any length to federa- tion If desired. a separate day might be set apart to discuss it. The drought is to the convention had done their best to i protect Tasmanian interests They must I not look on a loss of LEIGH ODO a year as I an absolute loss, for in it was involved I revision of Customs If Tasmania was to I federate he maintained that the colony would greatly benefit in the matter of defence, beyond the contributions for defence from the Australasian Fund which would be received It was not likely that the colonies were all going to lose so much by federation The losses would be to the Treasurers through the shifte of the incidence of taxation and not the colonies federated A war of tariffs would be most serious if levied against Tasmania, and so Tasmania could not stand out if the other colonies federated And no one could point out an instance of a -state once federated with others in other parts of the world that wished to renounce He behaved that in the end federation would be a great advantage to all the colonies of Australasia i (Hear, hear ) Hon G T COLLINS said that one of the great points, to his mind, which would force on federation, would be the defence of the colonies At present Tasmania could not meet the weakest county that might face a , the present defence system in Tasmania was a delusion and snare and he knew, having been an officer of the Defence Force for over 20 years (Hear, hear ). When a capitation grant of £1 per head was asked for, it was refused He characterised the action of the present Government towards the Defence Force as parsimonious, mean, stingy, and ridiculous We had in consequence a sham defence The Volunteer Force of Tasmania was being starved out of existence, leaving it to the officers to clothe the men and pay for drilling out of their own pockets, and the Government was putting obsolete weapons into their hands, which would be useless against the quick bring guns of an enemy, and in that way also putting the few men we had at a disadvantage He re-echoed all that had been said of the late Chief Justice, and trusted that in filling the vacancy on the Bench the administration of justice would be maintained at the high standard that it had been in the past (Hear, hear.) He desired, as a city man of Tasmania, to thank the Tasmanian representatives for their work at the Conven- tion He did not believe Tasmania would ever got a bill that would give her greater advantages He found nothing in the Act to find fault week regarding the fact of our getting equal State rights as a very large compensation for any sacrifices we may have to make But he guarded himself to the extent that he would not advocate federation until he was satisfied as to the financial position He was not a federalist at any price He claimed that the Premier had I publicly made the statement at the North- I West Coast that the loss to Tasmania would only be £1.000 a, year. Hon. F. W. Piesse : That is wrong. Man. G. T. COLLINS : Yes, but it has not been challenged, and I think it ought to be, as it is calculated to mislead. This colony had to keep up Customs duties which rendered the living here more costly than in the other colonies and but for that the living could be made less than elsewhere. So on that ground the colony should be careful not to go into a federation which would further increase taxation. It was a matter over which they required to take time to consider. He favoured further deferring the time for taking the poll of the people, so that they might better learn the actual position. The Federal Bill did not propose to take over the debts, which was a very serious matter. (Hear, hear.) He maintained that Tasmania could stand out if she wished to do it, and the other colonies would be forced to take Tasmania, in upon fair conditions. The superior strategical position of Tasmania to an enemy would be such as to render the rest of Australasia helpless. So the other colonies must see to it that Tasmania was supported in regard to defence. Hon. J. H. McCall: Is it wise to publicly state that Hon. G. T. COLLINS: It is as well known to Russia as to us. (Hear, hear.) He thought this colony was on the horns of a dilemma. The bill would have to be taken with its financial risks to this colony, or we should have to stand out. (Hear, hear.) As to the other measures that had been mentioned, he was opposed to the Hare system, but was in favour of single electorates throughout the colony. He wished the (Government would be persuaded to leave the people alone in the matter of a new assessment. (Hear, hear.) If the members of the Government went among the agricultural people and others in the country, and asked them questions on this point, they would find the general answer was "Leave us alone." (Hear, hear.) The motion was agreed to, and the PRESIDENT stated that His Excellency would receive the Address at 11.30 o'clock next morning. The President, mover, and seconder, with any other members who desired to attend, should proceed to Government House to present it. I LEAVE OF ABSENCE On the motion of the CHIEF SECRETARY, 14 days leave of absence was granted to the Hon. C. E. Davies Also 10 days to the Hon F. W. Grubb SESSIONAL COMMITTEES. The usual sessional committees were appointed REVIVING BILLS. The CHI UK SECRETARY moved, in accordance with the resolutions agreed to by both Houses on December 17 last, that the proceedings on the Marriage Amendment Bill, 1867, Hobart Corporation, Purchasers of Crown Lands Reinstatement, Launceston Improvement Association KightsAcquiroment Launceston Corporation. and Statistical Grain Returns Bill be resumed at the stage at which they were interrupted by the prorogation of Parliament in December last. Agreed to. ADJOURNMENT The Council at 6 20 p.m. adjourned till 4 pm. next day. 