Pulpit and Platform. Last Sunday the annual interchange of pulpits by the Launceston Ministers' Fraternal Association took place. On this one Sunday in the year the wall of partition between-the churches is broken down, and the interchange of preachers is generally appreciated both by ministers and people. Such communion helps church members to forget their little differences, and to realise more fully the many objects they have in common. The Sunday services have been followed bv a series of united meetings on week evenings at Christ Cburcb, at which addresses have been given by the ministers of the city. A Christian Convention has just been held under the direction,.of the promoters of the Geelong Annual Convention, in fhe Independent Church, Collins-Street, Melbourne. Addresses-were given by several ministers and laymen. The Rev. John Watsford, one of the speakers, does not believe in many of the modern methods of attracting people to church. There i«, he contends, too much advertising of sermons on outlandish subjects, end employment of noted preachers and prominent singers as a draw, and too little zeal and earnestness and of (be power of the Holy Ghost In words " tremulous with emotion " he asked his hearers to come into closer harmony with the Christianity of Apostolic days. There are other matters also in which it would be well if Christians could get back not merely to Apostolic days, bnt to the teachings of the very founder of Christianity. Jesus taught his followers not to strive for the highest seats, but how easily this is forgotten. At the present time a question of precedence is exciting some of the churches in South Africa. On the one band it is claimed tbat the head of the Episcopal Church of South Africa, who at the Lambrth Conference was raised to the dignity of arch- bishop, "stands in the same relative position to the temporal power as the Archbishop of Canterbury, and as such and as a prince of the church takes rank next to the Governor, and in all public functions takes precedence over the commander of Her Majesty's forces and the admiral." On the other hand, a&tpe; Town minister of the Dutch Reformed Church, which has more than double the number of the adherents of the Episcopal Church, declares that should the archbishop again " take his seat near the Governor ami next to the members of the Cabinet when the Governor has his levee, the Governor must not be surprised if he does not see Dutch Reformed ministers at Government Honse in future, fur they decline to be received by the English archbishop as his inferiors." In the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales 30 charges pay their minister £300 and upwards yearly, 10 pay from £250 to £300, 41 from £200 to £250, and 37 under £200, end some of these 37 do not provide a manse. Evidently the Presbyterians of the mother colony do not wish to make their ministers princes of this world, nor to tempt them to mir in circles where they • might he -troubled with questions of precedence. Perhaps it's better so. It is now asserted that the first Presby- terian minister who preached in theOtago province, New Zealand, was not the Rev. Dr. Burns, as stated in the Jubilee volume, but the late Rev. T. N. Nicholson, the first pastor of Trinity Presbyterian Church, Nelson, whose diary records that he preached at Port Chalmers on April 9,1848, and that he welcomed Dr. Burns on that clergyman's arrival .in the province. , "At the present juncture it is interesting to recall the fact," says the London DAILT CHBONICLH, " that until recent years one of one of our great colonies—West Australiawas ecclesiastically a province of Spain. The last two Roman Catholic Bishops of Perth, the West Australian metropolis, Dr. Ssrra and Dr. Griva, were both Spaniards, although their prieBts and congregations were almost entirely Irish. Spain haB now been ousted from the ecc'esiasticil supremacy, and an Irish prelate rules at Perth, although the Spaniards are still in possession at New Norcia, where they have a remarkable monastic colony, governed by the only mitred abbott in Australia, Dr. Salvado, one of the original Spanish missionaries, who went out more than half a century ago." In these days, when Federation is "in the air," and Methodist and other churches are nniting their forces, it is not altogether surprising to find "THE MITRE," a Melbourne Roman Catholic paper, discussing the question, " Can We Federate with Protestants T" The writer sets forth "some of the more important points (16 of them) in which Protestants err from the Catholic doctrine about the church," these being sufficient, in his opinion, " to show that to join their ranks means to loBe the higher unity of the one Holy Catholic Church." No. 14 of the points of difference ia thus stated: "The Church teacheB that' the body and blood of Christ are verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful' in the Holy Communion (Catechism). Protestants deny the real presence oi Christ in the Sacramefrt." The reputation which Dean Kite brought with him from the London slums is being rapidly confirmed by his work in the cathedral parish. Slender, and apparently unfitted for heavy respohsibilily, he belies his appearance, and has become deservedly popular in Hobart As a preacher he is earnest, plain, and at times eloquent, and amongst the children and young people he is doing the work that has remained undone since the days of the " old Dean," as those who love him style Dean Bromby. The Rev. C. H. Waller, D.D., principal of the London College of Divinity, preached in Hp'y Trinity Church, East Melbourne, on Sunday morninz. Dr. Waller is travelling for the benefit of his health, and is the guest of the Bishop of Melbourne. Our readers will be glad to learn that Commandant Booth, of the Salvation Army, who was reported as ill of dengue fever in Queensland, and Mrs. Booth, whose severe attack of peritonitis caused her friends much anxiety, are both progressing favorably, 