FICTION. "THE BUSH TELEGRAPH." For tho third tlmo in eighteen months tbo B station cattle had broken camp, and almost In tbo same ground np among tho BIuo Mountains on tbn old atook route. The first time thoy. lost twenty-five head i the second, thirty odd ; and the third ami iasi timo their loso was heaviest, and this par- ticular mob had been under tho euro of tho boss himself. What hud started tho cattlo was a matter of opinion among tbo drovers, but all woro of opinion that it was no ground less scare that sot them going like n whirl wind, "Bill Best, a drover of unimpcachablo character nnd with a noted habit of using profane und original blasphemy, having lost tho sooond lot during his watcn, stuck to ids opinion, namely, that it was a blanky ghost, for he had scon tho whito tiling among tho oattlo JiiBt before thoy Btnrapedcd, so help him. The third lot broke camp during tho boss's watch, and ho also had seen something whito ?rowling round just before tho oattlo broko. ot thoro wcro others who had lost cattlo .whon camped In the mountains, and thoy put the ghost theory down to rum and copperas tobacco. So, early In the following yoar, another m/O, Inft n__ ntailnn fnr Rfiiithorn markets. with tbo redoubtable Bill Best in chargo. Tho boss, who wasnlso owner of these bnuly-faccd Hetcfords, passed them on tho road, bound for Sydnoy, In those days some twenty odd miles north east of tho Blue Mountains lived an old man Ilnrt and his three unruly (laughters. Up In tho reachos, with tho sleepv valley ot the Hawkcsbury far below, in the quiet ot tho eucalyptus, thoy bad been born; tho harsh cry of the king parrot, the jeering laugh ot tho jackass, their only music; tbelr creed, simplo in itself, " possession is nino points of tho law," Hero, alono in .nolitudo thCy grow tbo weird bush, facing tho drought, working among tlio odd lot of cattlo by day; at night lying out in tho stagnant heat, listening to tno hundred voices of the darkness. Of their God they know nothing ; of tlio loves of man thoy wondered vaguely. Tho whole world of theso thrca savage girls lay in the cirolo of a score of miles. Of the world beyond thoy woro entirely ignorant. In the spring timo tlio animals mated in the bush ; tno curlews cried plaintively to each other ; tho 'possums scrambled, two and two ; ovory whoro was n, weird, sensitivo feeling — tho heart of the solemn bush awakening. Thoy grew to womanhood— tall, dofiant, and strong. Thoir feet hnd nevor known tho touoh ot boots, and tho fear that is born and thrivos in thoir ntoro fortunate sisters In tho valioy below had nevor come to them ; they ropcu their young horses, riding them logs aatrldo ; and the odd lots of cattlo brought by the old man at times from away 'up tbo mounuuns miby puuucu iiy miu uiuimvn miu the strength of men, swearing, and dodging, And blasphoming in the heat and dust. Barring tho old man Hart, tho three girls had no equal at 44 faking" n brand, traoklng a steer, or riding an outlaw. Truly thoy woro a godless trio. Sal and Jenny, tho two oldor sisters, wcro dark, Uko their mother, long since dead, but Polly, tbo youngest, was red-haired, taking after her father. But suoh hair I A heavy mass of tanglod copper, coming down to hov waist. Her eyes were gray and soft, unllko thoao of hor sisters, which 'wore black, nud wild as n half-tamed "brumby." Polly had n bad temper, but sho did not often " let out,'! whilo her sisters wcro uncontrollable. Such woro these three Australian girls ; women with tho instincts of nnimals and tho hearts of savngos. Men enmo to see tho old man Hart oaeosionally, and theso girls, unsoxed as thoy were, saw nothing out of tho way in thoir cursing. If tho old man got drunk aDd chased thorn out into tho bush, thoy waited patiently for tho visitors to go; the old man would sleep then. Sal and Jonny joked with thc men, but Polly stood aloof, defiant, and ono time, when Black Bam, her fathor's special crony, tried to kiss her, she laid his fnoo open with a branding-iron. One ovoning Tom Rook, from tho malu track, camo over to see tbo old man, pre sumably, but it wns evident Tom hnd an oyo to Miss Polly. Ho rodo up nt eunsct. Tno throo girls lay under a blg.wattlo, and the old man sat in too doorway. Tomhitohcd up hlB horso nnd came o them. Tho girls nodded at him lastly, and ho sat down beside them. 4k/\Vnl, wnt's the nows ?" asked Jouny. 44 I've got a bloko etayln' at my plaiae," said Rook. Polly turnod over on hor elbows. 44 You don't say so I Wots 'o like ?" 44 Oh, Vsn 'big bug; wears wide rldin' pants and clean shaves 'Is face." 44 Wots e como for ?" asked old man Hart. 44 Holiday, 1 makes out. 'E calls 'iniBclf a journalist." 44 Umph 1 Is 'e pnyin4 for 'is board ?" aakod Hart. "Youbotl" answered Rook. Ho went on speaking. 44 An4 ho ain't no now 'and among 'owes. 'E's got n filly over my plaice vory closo on thoroughbred, nn' a grand set o legs on 'or." 44 Kin 'o rido?" asked tbo old man. 41 Yea, 'o'r a fair rider wot I seen of 'im. 'E pops over them doglcn fences o' mine, nn', my oath I that filly's a good 'tin over sticks." 44 Any brand on 'or?" Young Tom Rook leered at the old man, and dropped one eyelid at Polly. 44 You kin stake yor boots there, olo man. 9hc's branded in two plalcos." 44 Bring Mm ovor," said Polly. 44 Oh, you'll sco, 'im fast enough, Polly. 'E's always mouehln' round with a gun an' a ugly spotted dorg-'ound." That evening, contrary to her usual habit, Polly wandered nwr.y with Tom Rook, and umlor tho influence ol ber sudden softness of mood Tom told her much of tho ways and whims of bis boarder. At dawn next morning old man Hart wodi away towards tho mountains, taking with him some Hour and salt moat. Polly and her two sisters put In the morning killing a beast. There tnoy worked In tho yard with bare arms, the warm blood clotting to their nnked feet. After dinnor Polly rode away through the twisted eucalyptus trees on toe trail of her futher, out away from the old hush fence into tho dry silent north-east. She hnd been riding for perhaps hnU-an-hour listlessly ap parently, but the eyes of this bush-bred girl were quick and sharp over overy inch of the ground. Tho dead leaves muffled the trend of her big bay horse, and bo loped along like a camel. She pulled up suddonly, and drew into sonio water oaks, nnd watched something ahead ot her silently. A big black and whito pointer It was. Ho was working in a small circle, his big tail lashing his ribs, and his heavy black jaws were low on the ground. A moment afterwards a tall young man camo through the trees, bis gun nt half rest. Tho fresh blood flooded Polly's neck and face, sho drew in her breath quicklv, almost afraid 'to breathe. This tall, good- looking young man was strange nnd good to look upon. Then her hay horso 4 4Bounder," ueighed, and brought the man down upon her. 44 Hallo," he said softly, 44 what are you In hiding for, ray dear?" Sho looked back at him defiantly. 44 T'aint nono of your business," she said. 44 No 1 Of course not. I apologise," nnd ho smiled at her. Then she gathered a little pluck. 41 Are you Tom Rook's boarder ? " sho asked. 44 Yes," he said ; 44 and who arc you ? " 44 I'm Polly Hart." 44 Oh I Well, Polly, I am shooting. Am I sEoaughcd nervously. . 44 It's all _nght, I guess. You can't do no harm," aho an swered. _ , „ He drew near and patted "Bounders beck. 44 1 may como ngaio, then?" bo hsked. "Yes! If ycr Ukcs to," she said. 44 1 must be goln' now." Bho looked over his head suddonly, and bor face grew scared. Ho turnod also. 44 Hallo 1 Whoso is tho banly-tscod steer ? " 44 Father's ! " she answered quickly. "Look out! I roust hunt 'm away. 'E oughtn't to be horenbouts." Sbe jumped her horse past htm and started tho bullock going. She turned as sho coiled her whip. 44 Good-bye. You can como again If yer likes to." Gay Flinders waited tillsho was nut of sight. Then ho went in a big circlo and Hanked that steer. Ho got within a few yards and tho brand lay plain to him on tho shoulder, a big double O. 44 Woll, I'm blowcd ! 41 ho said. 44 Yes," ho muttorcd. 44 Yes I Miss Polly, I think I will 4 oomo again if I likes to." He did oome again next day. Ho rode up to tho house, and his filly was a 44 good un." The two elder girls snorted at him. Ho was too altogether neat and tidy to their notion. Bo they took him out riding just to try his paces, and he surprised ovon theso bard-faced hard- riding girls. They triod to shako him oil over tho doglcc fonees, but it was child play to tho filly; ana he cnloved it and urinned to himself.- - Tbon thoy thought to 44 loso him " in tho scrub, but he was 44 on tbelr tail" always, and vory nearly lost them. After a- while he drew away with tbo rod- haired Polly, and the other two got tho sulks and went home. Near the plaee where sho hnd first met Flinders Folly pulled np. "You must go 'omo now. I'm goin' on," sh08ald. 44 Can't I como too? " ho asked. 44 No I Ycr can't." - Their horses stood closo togethor, nnd tho man's eyes woro vory Boft. 44 Polly I don't you- like mo?" ho asked. alright ; but ycr musn't oome, Thero'd bo a devil's own row." The noxt moment she was away. " Whew 1 " ho muttered. He rode care fully after hor. Ho tracked her cleverly, but sho know too much, and ton minutes Inter she 44 lost him " between two Jong spurs. So ho rodo homo whistling. Polly was vory abscntmindcd for days aftor. For nearly a week sho saw nothing of this 14 now sensation " in her quiet llfo. Sho still wont backwards and forwards to thc old man —tho hush of tbo drv bush about her. At longth ono Sunday morning bo mot hor, and ho was riding tho bay filly. Thoy walked their horses side by side, and, naturally, thc tlio acquaintance improved. Another tlmo thoy met, but sho never would lot blm rido homo with her. At a certain point she al ways pulled up her horso. 44 Ycr must go now — No I Ga'ra 1 " 44 Let mo oome a little furtbor, Polly." 44 No I Yer mUBn'fc." ' Thnrn nnmv I flnn'.TTr/»." Ho tracked ber again, but presently bo-lost sight of hor. He rodo on iudiscrotoly. In a clump of golden wattlo she rodo on to htm suddonly, her face flaming with > nger. 44 Wot d'ycr mean, yersneak 1 Yer follorin' n o." She surprised him immcnsoly. Ho blurted out : 44 I'm so sorry, Polly." 44 Sco 'ere, don't you follcr moagaln, or it'll bo worso for yor," sho cried. 44 All right, I'olly I" Ho Baid. 44 Well ! are yor goin'? " He turned bnck luugbing. 44 Yes ; good bye'" I'olly rode on for anothor hour, gradually working to tho base of tho mountain. Sho followed no defined track ; tho lay of tho country wns enough for her. At longth tho bush thinned out, nnd through tho gaps a rough 44 humpy " lay under aomo heavy blood woods. Tho old mon Hart oamo out as sho rodo up. 44 Mornin', dad I" 44 Yer Into," ho said. Sho got off her horso and hitched him U4 Soo hero, dad I' sho said; tho new bloke wns foxln' me." The old man swore. , "Ain't you good onouRh to loso Mm ?" ho said " 1511 find thora yards, dad." 44 Not Mm." Sho turned to him earnestly, throwing back her heavy red hair: " I toils ycr, dad, 'o'sa bushrnnn. 'El track mc." 44 I'olly I" said tho old man ; we'll 'avo to do An I InlnnMnli ' Tf Q nnl.liniT ftlftUA nn nut inh how ; wo can't run no risks," Polly left for homo lato in tbo afternoon, and hidf-a-milo from hor house Guy Flinders caught up to her. Sho was soft with him again now. They l!e<i UP thoir horses, nnd sat in thc dead loaves. Gity Flinders wns as usual riding about tho bush. The nfternoon was drawing in, nnd Polly had not como. He lay beside bis horso In a clump of wnttio waiting. He looked idly up through tho tall straight trunks, but tho listlessncBs loft him suddenly, A man wns riding down through tho .twisted ironbarks, an old man, nud ho was astride a three-cor nered looking nag; as hard a looking case ns himself. Flinders dropped down. Old man Hart stopped almost opposite him, Ho got off hlB horso and buried a pnpor, scattering loose leaves over tho plnoo ; then carelessly ho broko a small branch and lay it near tho track. Flindors laughed to himself, thumping his feet softly on tho grouud. "At last!—- Poor Polly I — It is a groat pity." Ho waited till tho old man bad gono: thon ho wont quietly ovor and unenrthca tho paper. What ho read surprised him, although ho had expected something of tho kind. 44 Moot mo at thor yards, Bal an' Jlnnv. Polly, you stay to 'omo an' keep a good look out. Gals be at them yards at eight o'elook to-nito, an' don' bring any dogs, tho mob will be up ther tcr-nlto.' That was all. Ho buried tho paper again and wont nftor tho old man, and ns tho sun dipped bohind tho mountain Flinders tracked old ronn Hart to the duffing yardB, and as ho afterwards said: "It wns as neat a 'turn out ' as ever I saw in my life." At dawn noxt morning Guy Flindors and three mounted policemen rodo silently towards tbo home of tho three girls. Thoy skirted the bush getting thorcby within two chains ot tho hut- But undor a tree Polly stood watching, her horse hitched up beside hor. " That's her 1 " Bald Flindors to tho ser geant. "Don't give hor a show, sho rides Uko tho devil." Tho tbrco policemen ran quickly across tho dead leaves, nnd thoy woro within fivo yards before sbo turned and saw thom. Bhe orlcd out shrilly nnd jumped for her horse, but the big sergeant grabbed hor. ' "Lo'mogo," slio screamed. 44 Wot 'arm am I doing ? " Sho struggled, cursing thom, and they hnd to throw hor down. Then thoy carried hor, kicking nnd blaspheming, into tho hut, Tho sergeant loft a polioetnnn to gunrd ber, and joining Flinders, thoy galloped away towards tho duffing yards. At tho edge of the clearing thoy stopped a moinont, and tho bellowing of steers oamo to them, and now and agnln the honrso crying of tho two bush girls. "Now," said tho sorgeant. They broko covor, galloping bard for tho yards ; and as they oamo on the old man jumped aoross the yards, scattering tho cattle. Ho got tho top rail down and tno noxt ono jnmbeu. Tho sergeant rodo straight for him, 44 Drop that rail, you are my prisoner 1" and old mnn Ilart, looking up the snout of a revolvor, drew back cursing. Flinders climbed on tho rail and looked at tho steers. 44 It's all right sergeant, they aro my oattlo, and sco thai lot there havo been faked." The sergeant slipped tho handcuffs on the old man. 44 Biff thc plceceman, dad," yelled Jenny, tho eldest girl. She turned on Flinders — 44 Yer sneak, I always thought yc; was a pleeoeman." 44 Say, Flinders here comes the otherRlrl" Ho turned quiokly. Polly galloped madly up to him, riding bareback. Sho jumpea off. 44 Oh, yer coward! yer cur I yerpleeco- man. Yer says yer loved mo. Oh, my God ! Sho stood undor a wattlo grasping a bough above her. Flinders turned away, his face very white. Truly he felt worse than a plccoeman In her oyoa. 41 Bring him along, sergeant," ho said hastily. Thoy left two policemen to mind the cattle and turned away. Then Polly in her anger and grief shook tho bough above ber, and tho golden blossom fell in a shower about her. 44 Yer curl yer plceceman." Then he turned to ber — 44 1 aro no policeman," he cried out; 44 1 am Guy Finders, owner ot B— — — Station, Queensland, and theso ore my cnttlo your father has stolen." Sbe looked back at him a moment. "Ycr takin'dad?" she said. 44 Naturally," he answered. 41 An' yer aint sorry?" sho waited an answer, her eyes alight, her hair lay in a heavy wave about her. " You are mistaken," ho said softly ; 44 1 am truly sorry.4' 4 Then yer lovea me and says that ycrdo ?" she cried. " 'Old yer row, Polly 1" said the old man; "it's too lato now." " D'ycr 'earxncl D'ycr 'car mo I" sheoried ; and so she called after him, this man who had made her love him, until thoy disappeared in tbo bash. 