BETWEEN TWffWflRLDS.., ,,, ; — i ur»vi| CHAPTERS A long spoil of ill-lieffitliantFtlte-voi'ry of certain business affairs bail; i-feiuc'ed__nie- to a condition of mental and physical pros tration. I bad grown so miserably dyspep tic and irritable, and suffered so much from insomnia, and all manner of consequent nervous aberrations, that my orvn fears, and my doctor's warnings, prevailed upon me to take a rest and try a change of scene and sound. I emancipated myself from the cares of business, and escaped from the caged snarling of the city to the joyous, free roar of the sea. I was in no humor to enjoy the ameni ties of a seaside boarding house, and was glad, through the kindly offices of a friend, to secure two rooms in a quaint old cot tage which stood by itself off the road that runs above the cliffs from Brighton to RoUingdenn. The old dame, my landlady, was an excellent cook; I had hooks with me, and painting materials, for I was fond of reading and dabbling in art; and all my fiirrmunrnilfre nwn nc nlwcnuf nwrl cid as the most exacting invalid could de sire. The profound quietude of the place soothed me as a cool hand soothes a fevered brow. It allayed the haunting nnrest that had troubled me so Jong; it seemed, by de grees, utterly to absorb me I forgot the city and all my anxieties, and drifted there immersed in a vague, dreamful ease, with out energy to care or think any more, either of the past or the future. Then, slowly, I began to recover. Slowly the love of life began to return to me, ana within six weeks 1 was so far myself again that I could take long walks without, fa- tiigue, and, discontinuing my invalid habit of going early to bed, would frequently sit up over a pipe and a hook for a good hour alter my hostess had retired for the night. Sitting up thus, one Saturday, a very re markable experience happened to me. Outside, as I knew, the night was bleak and overcast; hut within, my little room was cheery with the fire and the lamp light, and I lay snugly hack in a low, chintz-covered arm chair, with my slip pered feet in the fender. I was so taken Wlfcll tbfi Look T Tt'flSS l-Pndinfr ntwl thing about me was so silent, that the sud den tail 01 a cinder from the grate sent a startled thrill tingling tlirough and through ine, and almost at the same moment there sounded a hurried, muffled rapping on the door of the house. Before! could rise the summons was re peated. 1 here was no knocker on the door, and tlio rapping was soft and tremulous, as of a fluid's lingers, yet made itself audi ble with a strange distinctness. I crossed the room and ffnng the door open. In the darl; square of the doorway rose the figure of a man, outlined indistinctly against the black background, but with a- face or such ghastly whiteness that it' gleamed from the night clear cut in every feature, and as plainly visible as if it had been broad day— a young man, and slightly built. It was apparent, from his agitation and extreme pallor, that he was in dire dis tress; but, as if he had been stricken speechless with terror, though his lips moved eagerly, 'no voice issued from them. Seeing I could" not comprehend him, he wrung his Laiids, and pointing with frantic gestures made as if he would huve rno fol low him. I am too unimaginative to be a coward; ci/uieimuK ui nis excitement, 1 stepped- across tlie threshold and glanced in the direction he indicated. I could make out dimly the curve of the grey road, through the grass, hut no living creature was anywhere distinguishable, and no noise broke the stillness save the long surge of the outgoing tide at the base of the cliffs. I turned to question ray visitor, but lie was gone. I was alone. The chill air pierced me to the bone, and shivering, less with cold than with a quick frenzy of fear 1 drew hack into the house and closed the door. The calm, familiar aspect, of my room helped me to compose myself, and mv alarm subsiding, I was able "to r eview what had happened with a rational bias, and was .brought to the inevitable conclusion that my health had suffered a serious re lapse— ill a word that I had beeu the vic tim of an odd hallucination, a sort of op tical illusion, sucli as 1 had suffered from rather frequently during the later periods of my recent illness, though never before' had they been so starllinglv realistic Being too unhinged to settle down aguin to my book, 1 went upstairs to bed. But throughout that awful night I lay awake, that white, appealing face growing and fading and growing upon me from the dark ness every trine I opened my -eves, and when I closed tliem the weird pattering on tlie door below echoing persistently in 1 my ears. | By the light of next day the whole event seemed so ridiculously unreal that I made no mention of it to. anybody. For my own satisfaction I did, ais a matter of fact, walk out along the road in the direction indi cated by my singular visitor, but I came upon nothing that unsettled my faith in the pathological interpretation I had given to the incident. CHAPTER II. A few weeks after my return to London X was Invited to spend an evening with some friends at Bayswnter, and, starting from the city with a full two hours to spare, I decided to make the journey afoot. Nothing was farther from my thoughts than my Brighton experience, when, crossing "a busy thoroughfare in. the West End, 1 was seized with a sensation of fright and sickness, and the face I remembered so well flashed suddenly upon my sight. I stood dazed and bewildered; then, as I regained my self-control, the miracle ex plained itself. Crossing the road, I lind stepped on to tlio pavement exactly oppo site a photographer's shop, and there, oc cupying a central position under an elec tric lamp in the window, was a life-sized presentment of the head and shoulders of the man who had haunted me these many weeks past. I recognised him instantly; every charac teristic of that face had been minutely im pressed upon my memory, and was here as minutely reproduced. The exactness of it staggered me with instant conviction, and seemed to render the everyday theories with which I had accounted for the appa rition absolutely untenable. '"-Without conscious volition — almost, as if some unseen influence outside myself had led iiio there — 1 iouiKl J. Had entered ine shop,) and was fronting an urbane assist- ant across the counter. ' .Rising to the emergency, I proffered a few 'compliments on the picture exhibited, -and lie became communicative. The por trait was an enlargement on an improved principle of their own device. Yes, it was undoubtedly an excellent likeness. No, they knew practically nothing of thesitter; it was the first time the gentleman had ever been to tliem, and he had been uncom monly pleased with the result. "I should think so," said I, "it is per fect." "The gentleman is a friend of yours, sir?" . I replied that he was, and inquired whether they had a copy of the smaller portrait which they could sell to me. lie was at first dubious, hut, yielding to Hat-" tery and delicate persuasion, referred to a number on the back of the enlargement, and fetched from a liest of shallow drawers a small packet, which proved to contain the original negative and two un mounted prints. I selected one of these, and, whilst ho was wrapping it up for me, turned the packet over and read with pre tended indifference the name and address inscribed on it. Within 20 minutes of quitting the shop T liml made mv wav to thut address. "Mr. Cyril Rodney, sir?" said the el derly female who answered my knock. "He don't live here now." "Where can I find liim— do yon know?" "I don't, sir." She went on to intimate that he had left her suddenly, and without notice; that, indeed, between her and me, he was wanted on a criminal charge, hut neither tlie police nor anybody else could discover a trace of him. I asked where I might find any of liis relatives. "He ain't got none. But, she said, con fidentially, "he was engaged to a young lady, name Arran, as lives with her mother close by here. They couldn't tell you no more than I have, though." Nevertheless, I went on to Mrs. Ar- rau's. She was at home, and alone in the small front parlor into which I was con ducted. I opened the interview by producing tlie photograph and inquiring whether she recognised it. I saw that she did. "You are acquainted with Mr. Rod ney?" "I was," she frigidly corrected me. "Can't you tell me what has become of him .' "I cannot." Foreseeing that if I was to elicit any in formation from lier I must myself play the first card in the game of confidences, I told her frankly by what mysterious train of circumstances I had been drawn upon tlie trail of the missing man. Siie heard me with increasing amaze ment, and when I had concluded, "I cannot understand," she faltered. "It seems impossible that " "But it is not impossible," I interrupted emphatically . "I have never seen Mr. Rodney, and till to-day never even heard his name. Yet, in the way 1 have ex plained, I am perfectly familiar with his appearance. What I have told you is simple, rmexaggcrated fact, and I want you to help me to get at some explanation of it. I have no object beyond that, I give yon m.v word. I have never believed in such things as ghosts, but " -> She was satisfied of my sincerity, and as keenly interested in the mystery that bafiicd me as I was myself. "J do not- even know that Mr. Rodney is dead," she began. "The truth is, we had kuown him many years, and he was en gaged to my daughter." j. jjoweii, iuiu sue uuiti-uiuuu: — "It is true, as that woman told you, he was charged with forgery and cmbezzle- meut; hut, for my part, I could never be lieve liim guilty, nor could Marie, even though lie himself confessed to it." Coming to details, she explained that some two montliB previously Rodney hud gone away for a week's holiday. "He went to Brighton," she said. "He arranged to come hack l>y an early train 011 Sunday morning and dine with us that day. He never came. A friend of his — thev were both in the same office— Mr. Darey, called on the Monday evening and saw me privately. He had received an extraordinary letter from Cyril— the po- ' hcc have it now, hut I made a copy before tliev'- took it." She went out of tlie room and relumed with her copy. "Bear Darey," it ran, "1 leave this place to-night, and 1 hope to be out of England to-morrow. Everybody will know why in a day -or two. J have played the fool at . the office— got into money difficulties and helped myself. Felt sure I should he able to put things straight before J was found out, hut find T can't possibly do it. Tlicy arc hound to discover everything in a day or two, and 1 daren't face it. Good-bye. old man. Don't expect to see any more" of me. Break it to Marie. It's awful to think of never seeing her again. Ask her to for give me, though I don't deserve it. Good-' I bye. — Ever yours, Cyril Rodney." "This was posted from Brighton'" I 'On that Sunday night-yes. There was tue Brighton postmark on tlie envelop" I Further a comparison of dates « bUv.i that the Saturday night on -which that lot ter was written and the Saturday n;,V|,i on which the apparition had first aimrm.i to me are identical. 1 "And what was the forgery'" "Well, it seems he obtained access to the cheque bp9k and tore out two forms a? the end of it. He filled in one for £100 \n,i one for £150, and forged bis ture to both. There are some GO clerks in the office, and at the haul; they could not remember who had cashed them. Tlie no lice believe he had a confederate He must have done it, I suppose- 'thn seems no doubt of it. And vet I ci ii> tlnnk it of him. 11 1 If this was all the one clue I had stum bled upon had led me deeper into the mystery, but no nearer to any solution of Mrs. Arran called her daughter, and de- laymg my departure, I was repenting incredible narrative to her whe n the servant announced a visitor "Mr. Darey!" ejaculated 'Mrs. Arran I am so glad be has come. I should lfi"» him to see yon. He was so fond " f Poo? Cyril, and lias been so very kind toll since " tu U3 Mr. Darey came in with a brisk bimv ant step and a graceful inclination' of his neat figure. He was a tall, good looWw man, with curled, liair a militaiy n ls" taclie and a mincmg, dandified manner \- Passing me without notice he el, ' i hands with Mrs. Arran, and mot? fe vently with her daughter. . "This is fortunate. You are v-iH,.,. Pectca> %. Darey." ",'l ;IS sue directed his nt- to Q" me: gentleman has called He wheeled round with the politest of smiles, but the moment his glance rested on me a spasm of ghastly terror struck across his features. He put Ins hand out blindly and caught hold upon the table as if to save himself from falling. Every vestige of color faded from Ins lips, and a deaf and deathlike expression froze borriblv on his lace. I stared at him aghast, too astounded for tho moment either to speak or move Darey! "What is it?" cried Mrs. Ar ran. "What is the matter?" He turned his white face toward her >» a blind man turns toward a sound Ilia whole form was shaking as with an' amie and swaying into sudden collapse, he droo ped to -the ground and lay senseless. We were thrown into such confusion that 1 cannot clearly recall what immediately followed. I believe a doctor was sent for I know we laid him on the couch and am plied some sort of restoratives, and before the doctor arrived— after a lapse of soma 10 minutes, maybe— the rigidity of his nms- cles relaxed. He sighed once or twice, and 'opened His eyes. Seeing me, he started again, and shud dered. So far as I knew we were strangers to each other; yet he seemed to shrink in fear of me. Presently putting a, stron- control upon lumsell, lie saia, m strained, hoarse whispers: "So! You have me. Well— thank heaven it is over." We thought lie was delirious. I did, at all events. , ' "I knew you would find me," he went on, an awful excitement straggling up through his weakness. "If you had been much lon ger I should hnve givien myself up. i'oti know liow it all happened?" He looked up ut me, and the abruptness of his query fairly took my breath awav. On the impulse of the moment, thinking it better to hnnior him, I gave him the reply he evidently expected. "Yes," he groaned. "You know I did it. It's all up with me. But 1 was driven to it— I was mad. I'd got into a terrible diffi culty, and thought if he was to suddenly disappear they would naturally blame liim instead of me, and then," Towering his voice, "I thought that some day she might forget him " He paused, fumbling ah sently in his waistcoat pocket, and went on with a touch of recklessness. "1 knew his haunts at Brighton. We had often been there together. I went down tlmt Satur day afternoon, and lie was delighted to see me. I told liim I was seedy, and had sini- nlv come on a Saturday to Monday trin. "I proposed a walk to Rottingdean. M'a didn't huny ourselves — had supper there, and it was after 10 when we stalled lo walk back. We passed your cottage— lie noticed tlie light in the window. We left the Toad, and walked on the grass by the cliff edge and stopped, and stood trying to make out a light at some distance over the sea- "Ile looked round casually— it was pilclt dark — no lights anywhere hut the one across tlie water and the one in your win dow— and scared me bv saying with a laugh, 'What an ideal place tor a murder, Darey! A good shriek would just ajiout reach that cottage and give them fits.' "His words frightened me, and at tlie same lime brought all the devil in ine lijr- permost. I had a loaded stick with me. lie was looking away from me at your cot tage, and one blow struck liim down-yt caught his arm as he fell, and sent linn sheer over the side of the cliff." We sat dumb with horror and increuu- lily. ,. . "I don't think he made any sound, lie went on hastily; "yet over and over since then I've dreamt about it and done it again, and each time lie has shriekeil-1 can't get it out of mv eats — and yon nave i. .1 i i 4 lt»f Awnr! iicuru mm UIIU cuuic IIUUI t»««v — cottage, and chased roe ant! h;ul me down, struggling like n wild beast— until 1 wow reeking with perspiration, and found 1 uau been dreaming, Still, if 1 could see your face no clearly you could see mine; and always knew it was more than a dream- I always knew you were looking lor me, and would lmnt ine down— especially sniie one night, when I couldn't sleep, lie cai'6 and leaned over me, and you with and he pointed and seemed to say to jo , "This jstlie man!'" , _r , "But his letter?" gasped A";, "A forgery— easier than the ot-n-'1' J"' put off oil him. I took the Idler 1 d ready addressed to myself, and posted VtuiUi'lie was speaking lie carried some- tliixig Irani his pocket to his hps was conscious of a thin, sickly ouoi tai ing the air. . v01. "There! I was prepared for >ou He tossed a small, empty vial Uom 'j'j'j with an ironical chuckle. bead J ie nnliro n« noon :ih VOU like: 1 dial! 1m before they couie."- -"Glohe Democrat- 