BENA. '. . ' 3 (FROM OUB OWN COBEESPONPENT.) J ~ Wednesday, March 9. ': The weather during the last month hag. not been too hot for the time of year, and ib« is. a remarkable thing that the wind is nearly always in the east, or nor'-east. Generally when the . wind keeps' in either quarter for any length of time we nearly always get: rain ; but I suppose we will get it sooner or later, possibly very much later. - -During February we had 105 points of rain, making a local or 14/ ior tue year, but it came ao slowly that it was not m\ich use- for tanks, although in places at Wamboyne they had 3in. or 4in. There is fair feed on mosb places, but the tauks are getting low. t , Aa the cool weather comes on stock will not drink so much. ~~' A good many sheepowners are complain ing of the ravages committed by dingoes. Mr. John Ridley has been particularly un lucky in this respect; He had 30 lambs, tho progeny oi a valuable ram . purchased in Sydney, and in one night the dogs killed 29 of them. An increaaed-bonua on dogs-would be approved of by everyone just now. A start has been made with the usual Easter sports. Ic has been dpcided to only have horse and foot races at Easter' this year, and to have the children's sports and picnic in August. . - ' The continued dry weather is considerably checking the increase of rabbits, *? On porno places not netted (here is hardly one t't be seen where formerly they were very numerous. The trustees of the library are having the building re-painted, and also having atoiu* and other material put round it to keep the rabbits from getting under the building. ' The regular monthly meeting of the Bona and Wamboyne Progress Committee was held at Fitzgerald's on. the oth' inst. Thcro were 14 members present, the president, Mr. Jas. Porter, in th9 chair. ? A letter was read from the municipal council, Condoboiin,'rfl the opening of the railway on the 16th inet. It was decided that Messrs. Porter, Sparkps, sen., Ridley, sen., and W. A. Ewers bo aopo:nted to represent this district at. tho opening. The secretary was instructed to write the authorities re the delay in having a site surveyed for a public Hbrarvafc Wam buyne. Re a road from Wamboyne to Wyalong, it was decided thur Messrs. S. Ridley and Nediok interview Mr. Wilson, of Lake Cowal. and inspect a road proposed by that gentleman that would meet present re quirements. Decided that the secretary write Mr. Burcher -e ths number of rabbis on W. R. 19,954, and to ask him to try anrl keep them within reasonable bounds. De cided that the secretary be instructed to write the authorities re the Government tank at Wambbyne; The site was originally chosen two or three years ago, and lately in spected' . 'and' approved of by Mr. Suttor. Lake Cowal and the Bland are dry, and it is reported that there is no mater between Cootamundra and the Lachlan available for travelling stock. A petition protesting against the Euglo-Fullerton land exchange was read to and approved of by the meeting. The usual vote of thanks closed the proceed ings. : The recent alterations in the running of the different mails, rendered necessary, ho doubt, by the Government taking over the railway, is not so convenient as formerly. It is certainly no advantage for the mail to arrive here at midnight on Friday, as very few will, be waiting for their mail at that ghostly hour, not that there are any ghosts around Bena, but it is considered an un canny hour by some people. That reminds me of an old couplet that I even don't know the author of : — ' That mystic hour before the dawn, When old men die and babes are bom.' ? 'Several selectors are preparing land for cultivation, and some old land, has been ploughed. It is estimated that should we get rain within a reasonable time there will be upwards of 1,000 acres under crop around r „ ;here this year. ? 