THE YELLOW HAND. ALLEN UPWARD. CHAPTER IX. TIIH BLACK ART. I fell Into a chair, shuddering, aud covered my taco with my hands. 1 Tho Professor Bpoke with a note of alarm In his voice. "Does this mean that you were not aware of loose iinger-murKs r I looked up at liim. "Not only that," I answered in a tone scarcely above a whisper, "hut such marks cannot have come there by natural means." The Professor shook his head. "Do not let us use language like that. You mean, no doubt, that they have not come there by ordinary means. Have you anything to tell me that may throw light on their presence?" Thus questioned, I first told him of that form er occasion when I had experienced that sensation of being forcibly held back, and Parker had seen tho traces on my face. Then, as well I was able I described my visit to the man of tbo Yellow Ilooin, from wblcb I bad just emerged. Professor Belllngbam listened thoughtfully. IIo snt back In the deptbs of an arm-chair, his feet stretched out before him, slowly drawing at a long-stemmed pipe which he had asked my per mission to light. Ho next made mo go over tho whole story of my experiences since tho moment when I Hist looked upon the iron gatos of StracgcwnyR. And when I had finished he rose from his chair, saying: "Lot us go out. I wish tu sec those firs you have spoken of so much." I led him out Into the grounds. As we ap proached tho trees wo heard the angry growling of tho dog Terror. "What a singular coincidence," remarked the Professor, stopping suddenly, "that you should have obtained a ferocious dog, too, and stationed him on tho very same spot as Captain Black mail!" I started. The coincidence had actually never struck me before. I muttered some confused explanation. The Professor glanced at me curi ously, and we went oil into the little circle of tt ces in tho midst of tho place the Persian eat lay as it asleep, hut at our coining it opened its eyes and looked at us. Then tL slowly rose, and walking towards me, rubbed Itself agaiust my legs. "A very fine cat of yours," observed my com panion. "It' is seldom that you find a Persiau so perfectly black." He walked round the circle once or twice, ex amining it nnrrowly. Presently ho stooped and Inspected that grey mark, as of ashes, upon the soil. "I see you have been burning something here?" "No. What you see was there when L came to tho house." . Tho Professor lifted his shoulders. 1 "And now," ho said, "I should like to see the ' inside of the locked room." Wo went back towards the house. The key of the room was still missing, and 1 had not yet obtutned another, but I ordered tho gardener to bring his steps, aud by their mcaus wo effected on entrance through Ihe open window. Tho room was perfectly bare. The Professor walked round it, scanning every inch of the walls. In ono corner there was a small recess with shelves. Ho went towards them, passed Ills fin gers along them, und picked off some tiny par ticles of yellow glass. He carried those to the light, and considered them attentively. Then his face underwent a slight change. "t ought to know that glass," he murmured to himself. The next moment ho was walking about tlio room again, sniffing like u hound that bus just lost the scent. "Do you notlco a very slight, peculiar odor in this room?" ho asked. I sniffed in my turn, and presently it seemed to me that, I was reminded of that, vile, acrid smell which had driveu me out of the cabin of the yacht. "Yes," I said. "Isn't it opium?" "No," said the Professor. "It is a drag whicli is to opium what opium is to tobacco. It Is frequently mixed with opium, In tho proportion of five to the hundred, or even less, to flavor it; but oven in that proportion It is strong enough to overpower and ultimately to outlast the flavor of tho opium Itscir. It is tho drug which tlio Malays call 'bata' and the Hindus 'varatba,' one grain of which will make a strong man luad. Let us leave this room at once." Somewhat alarmed. I hastened to the window, and we hurriedly made our way down. "I have never heard of this drug before," I said, as we reached the ground. "Very few persons have," responded the Pro fessor. "Tho Indian Government, however, is well aware of Its existence and the deadly pur- noses to which It is sometimes put. For State reasons the knowledge is suppressed, lest it should deter men from coming out to the East, whether as soldiers or civil servants. But when ever you hoar of im officer going mad, or a civi lian committing suicide for no explicable reason, or whenever you read in history of some frightful, insane act, whether of an Indian Maharajah or an English Viceroy, you may bo certain that this drug has been altvork. Some unsuspected enemy, some stealthy Brahmin, whose very existence and tlio cause of his hatred are equally unknown, lias contrived to bring this tremendous weapon to boar." I listened in silent horror as I conducted the Professor tiack to tho house. New ideas, more appalling than any L had yet entertained, wore opening out before me. "Now," said my guest, "leave me alone till dinner-time. After dinner we will talk this busi ness over," At tlio dinner table, for the first time, Professor Bellingham saw Walter, and was evidently struck by bis appearance. "You are not looking well, my llttlo man," he said to him with a friendly smile. "Hasn't your uncle been taking care of you?" I hastened to explain that the boy wns recover ing from an illness, and had been sent to me for a change of air. "Then all I can say is that tho change doesn't seem to liavo done him much good," returned the Professor bluntly. Ho endeavored to draw tlie youngster out, and soon Walter, losing his shyness, was talking away more cheerfully than lie hail dono for some time. For my part, I was impatient to come to the discussion of tho matter about which my guest had eorao, and tho moment the cloth was drawn and the dessert placed upon the table I told Wal ter to help himself to some grapes and go to bed. Ho complied with evident reluctance, and Professor Bellingham watched liim out of the room with a fixed regard. Then he turned to me. "I cannot talk till 1 havo lit my pipe," he re marked. "By all means," I responded quickly. "Smoke as soon ns you like, and wherever you like." Tho Professor took out his long pipe, filled and lighted it without saying a word. Then leaning back in his cliair, with his eyes halt- closed, but glancing in my direction from time to time, he began : "Tho first maxim In an investigation such as this Is to bogln by exhausting the most simple explanations, tho ones which reduce the affair to tho most commonplace level. In dealing with this business of yours, of eourse the easiest theory of all is that you are playing upon the credulity of our Society, that your whole story is a deliberate Invention." I made a movement of indignation. Tho Pro fessor continued quietly: "That explanation, equally, of course, I put aside. There is no motive, that I can find, for your wishing to hoax us. You are not a profes sional medium, and you havo not the air of a practical joker." 1 smiled bitterly. "It has been a sorry joke for me." "Pray do not think me guilty of incivility," said tho Professor blandly. "I niorely wish you to understand the sceptical spirit in which we havo to work. To proceed: the second solution that offers itself is that you liavo unconsciously de ceived us; I mean, that you are the victim of a series of hallucinations," This tlmo I took a long breath, nnd gazed anxiously at the Professor. How often had I put before mysolt this very .suggestion, and been ob liged to reject it in despair! My guest preserved silence for a minute or two, smoking quietly, nnd then threw out an unexpected question. "Havo yon any objection to tell me the cause of your coming into tills house?" I started, and threw a suspicious glance at the questioner. "I had private reasons for wishing to leave London for a time," 1 nuswered slowly. "And I selected tilts place on account of its remoteness and seclusion." Professor Bellingham nodded. "I understand that yoti do not euro tn toll me what your reasons were. But perhaps I may assume that when you arrived here you were not in the strongest and most cheerful frame of tnind, that you were rather in one or those moods when men are must open to evil suggestions." I stared at hint for a moment, and then bowed, without speaking. "Very well, lit that frame of mind yon hear of this house, and hear of it 111 such a way as to Invest It at once with a certain mystery. There Is a mystery attaching to the character of the tenant, In the ignorant gossip of tlie rustics about here, and there is the further mystery of his anxiety to get rid of tlie house at almost any sacri fice. You come !o view the huuse with that pre possession strongly fixed in your mind. You come prepuresd to find mystery, in short, and you very nuliirallv do llud ll. A dozen trifles, ail per fectly insignificant, taken by themselves, because lliey happen to chime with your anticipations, Im press you as evidences of something sinister. What are these evidences?" "The name of Captain Bluckmau appears to lie unpopular In the village of St. Botolpb-le-Freer; Unit you Itnew beforehand. The situation of the rtumso is very lonely; that was tlie very reason, you selected it In preference to others. A dog barked at you as you eemo through tho gate; that is a common enough experience, and you had been led to expect this also. The Captain's eyes remlndod you of a Chinaman's; that you yourself obSorved 1b a usual thing with Europeans who have boon In tho Far East, and tho Captain openly told you ho had been there, as thousands of othor seamen have. Tho Captain bad some visitors with him when you arrived, whom you saw through the window, but did not meot afterwards. That is very natural — the Captain sent them away In order to attend to you. When ho showed you over the groundB ho refrained from taking you Into a cer tain thicket. You tried to penetrate It by your self, and were assailed by the dog — surely a very good reason for the Captain having avoided that particular spot. But the dog was unchained — why? Why not? — because the visitors who had been about tho place had now gone away? You were surprised to find a Chinese servant on the premises. But after all, there arc a good many of these Chinese servants in England, especially among families that have been in China. They make admirable servants, submissive, devoted, and well-behaved, and in course of time they will probably take the place of the pampered English servant to a much larger extent. What else was there strange about tho place? The Chinaman's bedroom was kept locked. Woll, the habits of Orientals aro not the same as ours, and among them this may be a perfectly usual precaution. Finally, on your return you encountered two of tlio Captain's other visitors at a railway junction. What, cculd be a more natural circumstance? These men had to get back by train, as much as yourself, und the trains being few you happened to catcli tho same one as they. In all this thero is absolutely nothing in the least suggestive of anything unnatural or mysterious." It was with my mind in a state of helpless bewilderment that I listened to tho Professor as he thus analysed the various Incidents in the history of my connection with the house called Strange- ways, and dismissed Ihein one by one. He pro ceeded in the same way to deal with everything that happened since my tnking possession of tlie house, bringing the pitiless light of common senso to hear on each of those events that my imagina tion had turned into so many nightmares. But presently lie struck a rather different note. "We must not lose sight of the element of self- deception in all this, or self- hypnotism, in the modern phrase. After a certain time you allowed yourself seriously to believe that you were tho subject of certain magic influences, and tho natural result ou you was the same as if such influences had actually been at work. You wero seized by a nervous dread which causes you to retreat hastily from the fir-grove and rush back to the house; your servant meets you (lushed and breathless, and foolishly tells you that you look as if someono had tried to stranglo you. You believe him. What is tho consequence? This afternoon, when you found yourself seized by tlie same nervous feeling, you were convinced that you wore being strangled, and so powerful was this belief that it actually produced physical effects, which I was able to see myself when you entered the library. That is one explanation, at least, which lias been applied to those cases where religious devotees sre said to have produced external marks on their bodies by constantly meditating on tbo Sacred Wounds. Another explanation would he that by the strength of your own self- hypnotism you are unconsciously hypnotised me, causing me to think I saw the marks which you yourself expected me to see." "Are these things possible?" T exclaimed. "They are not only possible." wns the reply, "but in my opinion they are at the root of every thing you have suffered in this house. 1 do not consider these things can be got rid of by a so- called rational explanation. I will tell you at once that I believe we are here face to face with one of those problems which the scientists of the day presumptuously refuse to investigate, putting them out of sight with a wave of the hand, like so many Podsnaps, hut which are nevertheless of greater importance than all their studies put together." I began to feel a cold dread stealing over me. Singular as it may appear, under all ray previous thoughts on the subject there had lurked a vague assurance that nothing had really taken place that wns not capable of a simple physical Interpreta tion. Now 1 realised that my guest was about to deprive me of that assurance, aud I trembled. "You used this afternoon," pursued my com panion, "a word which ought to be blotted out of every dictionary — tlie word supernatural. There can be nothing supernatural, because nature in cludes everything. Those parts of nature whicli we do not know, or do not understand, are not supernatural, they are simply extraordinary and mysterious to us, Just as an eclipse is extraordin ary and mysterious to a savage. In every age of the world and in every country we find abundant testimony to the cxislcnee of phenomena which we liavo not yet learnt to explain, from the saered miracles dowu to the common traditions of ghosts and witches. "The fact is, we nre living under the intellect ual yoke of tlie Deists of the last century, of whom Voltaire was tho foremost champion. These JUUU UUUI IUIJt',lMl Lilt.' DIUIlL'ai JillXULlca tin 1-lUl L their ease against Christianity, and they natu rally found themselves obliged to go on and deny every manifestation outside the region of evcry-dny experience. Instead of investigating tho subtle forces which underlie such marvels as mesmerism nnd thought-transference, they took tlie easier course of denouncing everything of the kind as fraud and imposture. Their dogmas on the subject, revolutionary then, have become the creed of to-day, swallowed ns blindly as any Catholic ever swallowed the dogmas of Rome. The teaching originally directed against Chris tianity has found its way into the Christian pul pit, and to-day tt is considered not merely fool ish but wicked to believe iu what are called splrituul phenomena." "You aro right," I said. "The rector of this very parish strongly resents what ho calls the absurd superstitions which prevail in the villlage with regard to this house." "Exactly — though ho reads to his parishioners every yenr tile stories of tho Witch of Endor and of the men possessed of devils. But I havo said enough to show that I am n sceptic towards tho dogmatic scepticism of these narrow-minded mat erialists, who seem to think that wo know all that is lo known about the agencies that gov ern matter. I believe that we are in tho pres ence of an infinitely mysterious universe, con taining fluids more subtle than electricity, rays more marvellous than those of Rontgon, influen ces more dangerous than those of hypnotism. In all tho tales of ancient, magi.e, and mediaeval witchcraft, of Eastern sorcery and Western science, I discern hints at some unknown secret, some latent principle, which certain men and races have, as It were, stumbled upon, and which they dabble in without understanding it, some times with the most fearful results. "What do we know of even hypnotism, that force of which they talk so glibly, but'wliich is one of tlie most universal and all-powerful of agencies? It enters into tlie commonest conjur ing trick; the conjurer, who tells you that you are about to sec him do a certain thing, influences your mind as certainly as tho mesmerist who in dulges in passes which send you asleep. It is only a question of degree, this power which mind wields over mind. It is exerted as often uncon sciously. Two persons commence speaking of the same thing at once, as if by spontaneous im pulse. What has really happened is that oue man has thought of the subject aud uncons ciously transferred his thought to the other's miud. So two men meetiug for the first time will Instantly dislike each other. The phenomena of what is called suggestion are part of the samo series. Every medical student knows that tlio perusal of a work, say, on heart disease is somotimes sufficient not merely to per- sundo tho reader that his lienrt is affected, but actually to produce tbo physical symptoms of a diseased heart, just as in the famous experiment where a criminal was killed simply by being told that ho was bleeding to death." y "Are these things possible?" I exclaimed. "You mako mo feel as though not only this house of Strangoways, but the whole world wore tlie thea tre of frightful powers and events which control our lives without our being aware." "Unhappily, that is the view I have come to hold," replied the Professor gravely. Ho looked at mo steadily for a. minute, and then went on: "Thero is another, even graver, element which perplexes the subject. It Is not merely tho influence of materialistic dogma which prejudices tlio study of tlie forces or agencies I speak of. Unfortunately, that study has been brought into discredit by tlie character of its chief followers. Iu our day most of the investigators of tlie occult have been proved to bo knaves, who cannot re frain from combining real marvels with common tricks and cheats, like the late Madame Blavatsky and the professional mediums and spirit-rappers. It 13 their prar.tlces which have led so many per sons to dismiss the whole subject as ono impos ture. Why is this? And why Is It that in his tory we find the pursuit of tho same study always under u ban, Its followers bated and dreaded, and the study Itself known by the significant name of the Black ArL?" I listened, more and more uncomfortable under the Professor's relentless analysis. (To be continued.) 