DIPLOMATIc complioctiona, war aotual, and war threatenel, have olaimod eon's attenliono to the partial oxolu. sion of interest iu the pathotio Gloso of a great statesman's caroer. Mr. Gladstone lies now patiently awaiting the ena whioh someo to the distin. gulebod alike with the undistiuguishotled among moctale, and amid the elash of arms and thbo confiots of politioiano heo is lilkely to paoos away, not indood without notioo, but with loss tlhan would have boon awakeonoed in quieter timoe. His work however will not die with him; for though in a certain conea he may be said to have outlivoedl his ago, his memory will outluro no that of one of the foremost figuros of thIe preosent reign; oespecially for his brilliant management of the national lianaooe, and for lis olotquent ladvooaocy of liberal prinoiplos, applied as well to Lho condition of his own oountrymon no to that of other loss happily eituatcd nations. HIo laid the foundation of tie roemarlkatblo finuoancial progress whioh enables Groat Britain at the present day to furnish so striking an example of ooonomical soundneoss, when at the same time the taxation of the people is lightoned, the national debt gradually reduceOd, and the roe. venue toandily expanding. It is true the direction in whiolh so large a portion of the national roveneou is expoendod under pronnt exigonclioe is not tlhat i wlhioclh In would have likad to yoe it explndeld, for hle ooldemneod tie inronae of the Biritishli armament oii whld, wantloni llld daeiteeuer., lI 1111 reoslclt hii viewo ' wys notle iln cml. fr'allty with the vi\we of the majority of thuue nati ar liwl ith SihSe of the Iotaltomeln='| wh]1o n)ow hubt Ithe r=,inu of 'owel', Yet whilt( l}ily mliy rllhiltfilly euiIIl r t:huat thf i m Ill l itu lluu rif the1"11; liu loioil pimrt r iii ell li1 thu 1ut 1 uhlitil eIi l y duli iit tiiihii uli i. atlieeditture, hi iiy lrttil, tIut Ii h l It Ii l i lll lllly lily t i'eub thtu' thu I litly1 wh it liii SIi ( tu h I,; iih ii il y)1 1 l ly w l ett?i llh l h l y!)l1t)!,, ti( l ithe u iltl i ih tt hll y u ll t eaIt+ !!l, I iuu ill l e tib t ile' hltlolith lhhuu bhd 1O t luh ,thu Ina,+ towards.- imperialim which marked the policy of Lord Bonoconfield. lie withdrew from the Tranevral and from the Soudan, and both steps have beeorn severely oondemned. The latter indeed, is at this moment in prooero of being retraced; and tbe former threatens yet to produce ditiioulliee which he could not have foreseen. Yet his motives were no doubt humane, if not marked by the worldly wisdom which would have recommended itself to a sterner nature. It wooa held by his critics that in these instances he dis played that tinge of weakness which leads ultimately to greater evils than those sought to be avoided. It is not to be denied that in roopeoo to the question of imperial extoneion and consolidation Mr. Gladstone failed to realize the prevailing sentiment of his countrymen. We may eovn ons. opeot that he long oherished some of the ideas of the Manchester school, now hopoleosly discredited, and would have preferred to see the bounds of the empire contracted rather than ex tended. It is not an nnreasonable contention, even at this day, that the responsibilities of the mother-country have boon moreasod beyond the bounds of necesaity or prudence. The hope that the self-governing .colonies will relieve her of much of the burden, and even lend her active support, could not well have boons entertained in the earlier period of Mr. Gladstone's career, and senco it was natural that be. should have had little sympathy with imperialistic ideas. With all this shrinking from the responsibilities of enlarging empire, it is noticeable that in eases in which the sufferings of oppressed nationalities wore in question, Mr. Gladstone was ready to advise active interference. The Armenian massacres appealed to his feelings of humanity, and his strong denuanciations of the conduct of the Sultan lead one to suppose that had loe boon still in power his voice and authority would have been in favor of armed intervention, and so a war which Lord Saliebury's more practical acquaintance with foreign affairs averted would have resulted, such a war no could have had no bonefioial consequences so far as the interests of Great Britain woro involved. Mr. Gladstone was always on the side of humanity, but he somoetimeo appeared to forget that Groat Britain is not divinely appointed to redress the wrongs of the world at large. So his influonoo in this ease, so far as it ex tended, was rather prejudicial than otherwise. The last great effort of his adminis tration, the passing through the Houseo of Commons of the Home Rule Bill, was defeated by the House of Lords, and a cry was then raised for the re striction of the powers of that chamber. Yet the geneoral election which shortly followed showed that the notion of the House of Lords was approved by the majority of tie constituenioes, and the liberal party was broken up. Still it would be a mistake to suppose that Mr. Gladstoneo's labors on behalf of Ireland weor without effect. To him in his last days it must be a satisfaotion to know that a large measure of what he proposed to do towards conferring the right of local administration is now proposed by his uocesasors with good prospeoot of anoooptane by all parties. The Irish people will hardly forget his share in the removal of tihe disabilities under which they havolabored; nor will England nor Scotland fail to give him credit for his exertions in strengthen inug what has long beeoon regarded as the weak spot in the empire, and wiping out the reproach which foreign nations weroe ooustomed to cast upon the national government. Of Mr. Gladstono's commanding and persuasive eloquence, of the in fluouco over the public as well as over the legislature which he by its means exorcised, we in the colonies can for the most part speak only second-hand, Evidently his spaeches as reported give but an imperfecoot reflection of the spokeln word; yet one may see by the quality of his published writings that he had a perfeot mastery of the Eng. lish language, and hence the effect of his spokoen addresses may be readily imagined even by those why never had the opportunity of listening to them, He was often urged to visit the United States, whore ho had enthusiastio admirers who would have paid onor mousn sams to hear him; but his sympathies never led him far from his own country. It is not a matter of surprise that Mr.' Gladotone was often subjected to violent attacksu by those opposed to him. He was not a peraona grata with the aristocrasyo, nor, it is said, was he by any means a favorite at court. It is reported that her Majosty remarked on one occasion during his ministry, that she was no longer Quoon, that Mr. GHladstono was KIing. However this may be, it is oertain that he wae at one time almost the idol of the British domooraoy, rnd had honesoo no need to cultivate the arts of the courtior. His power rooted in the aRffotions of his oountrymon. Now that his raoo has beeoon run, now that the light of lifo is slowly oloisng in the darklness of death, all bittorness will be forgotten, and the whole country will join in honoring one of the most remarlkable personali ties of the century. If tlhe times in which we now live are something out of harmony with tile principles which he followed, it will be admitted by all that in his day he oxorted his romark able powers ill direcolioss whioh ap peered to him bosat for the national interests, and tlhat insloi of hiin work will Ihavo endulring eosseosquieson for the welfare and liberty of the people. I Mr oIn, lt i hia so oulhourn u(looels sil hot chow hilsnielf to bo iso esitlso alauhtio fodssliot, at least he dsl srsins tsmall erviona to the oantt bty flindly disl)tehil of e sovsral boltlos tollh whis h lthe Iswo ia ,rll utrnI, ltIsoh the ht woielo or twoo, lau y ision t'ryhito 1ti b rls tIcs (,eo, ohasit by (hi ,Ish ls trhoettO of acoiitl Othllltil( Ilht s lt with IhIt Illt but lhu ualltbdla lworn W. 11hbl'l llc toth 5 li5 Sot to suetslt s ll sho to (rliih ly rillto, by done!ly t lo lttlh yli, tI:telt l la ou t sI "tto t Its lt ty 'Yl 1t will tay t ubtly ts htt')tltlW sil t(los Victorian bounties than Victoris her self. Victoria is arranging to tnbe every advantage of these provicions." These statements were proved to be absolutely untrue. First, by the pro duction of the bounty clausne of the constitution; and ecconlly, by an ex. plicit denial from Sir George Turner; and the matter is dismissed by Mr. Reid in these worde:--" If ome of our friends in the other colonioes were ans cpable as I know them to be in capable of trying to takle any advan togo of us in this way, their common eunoe would tell them that we still have an opportunity, even after the bill has been assented to by the people, of declining theirclosor acquaintance." Then there was the bogy that after five years, when the bookhltsping system came to an end, the other states, in their eharacter as " wolves," would eorambla for thie Now South ,?rioe surplus. Orn that point Mor. Reid is equally emphatic. lie said : "I regret to notice that one of the members of the convention is reported to have said that after seven years there would be a scramble for the surplus. There was a clear under standing in the convention that the return to the statee nhouldboe absolutely on the principle of the money con tributed by the respective states. The only reason tbat these vague terms were used in the bill was this :-Sir George Turner strongly advocated in the finance committee that we should provide at once that at the end of the seven years the distribution ehonld be per capita, that is to say according to the population. The only reolon that was not adopted was because we thought it possiblo that at the end of the five years the facts as ascertained would show that such a distribution might not be fair. We therefore left it over. We decided not to distribute per capita, not in order that Now Bouth Wales should be plundered, Ibut in order that the federation should give back to each colony overy penny of the surplus it was entitled to. On this question I think that the people of Australia have sufficient confidence in the honesty of their representatives to believe that no such thing will take plce." Then there was the military bogy, that " N.8.W. must pay exorbitantly to provide the other etates with mili tary defence." It was shown, in answer to thisi, that N.B.W. would pay her share ofl military expenditure in proportion to' population, and Mr. Reid adds :-" groeat doal of strong language has booeen used regarding the amount which must be spout by the federal government under the head of defence; but no one can toll what the federal treasurer will spend, or what the federal parliament will vote. * * All we can do is assure that the ex. ponditure will be on a reasonable basis. Romember this, too, that each colony, excepting ourselves has an overwhelming interest in getting back as muoh of its revenue as it can, and that fact will form one of thie trongest safegnarda as against federal extrava gance." Of-these bogies then, we shall hear no more; but it is instructive to look back at their history. A ghost, if inquired about, is usually capable of explanation ; and those ghosts are no exception. IT is sometimoes urged as an objeo. tion to federation: that we should lose the Broken Hill trade. As a matter of faot we have none to lose. All the trade at present is with Adelaideo; even pasnongers from Sydney go round that way. The only differenonce will be this. The trade will still go to Ado. laide, but with intercolonial freetrado there will be no border duties, and the produoo from the 'Barrier district will be admitted into South Australia free. Goods however imported into South Australia and sent to Broken Hill will have to pay duty at Adelaide; whilst under the muoh-abuned book- keeping system, the revenuo thus oolleeted will be credited to Now South Wales. Tane anti-fedoral party deoolaroe that the bill is deatraotive to the principle of one-man onoe-vto. Yet both the Senate and House of eIpreeoontatives are to be elected on the same fran chiso, this boing for the preooent that existing in oneach of the states for the elootion of the popglar house-in Now South Waloo oneo-man ono-vote. If a uniform franohise be introdooed by the federal parliament, it is provided that it must be the moot liberal existing in any state. 