TWO LITTLE ROOMS IN HOLY. ROOD PALACE. The 'Sapping room ' of Mary Stuart, in H'olyrood Palace is the smallest of I the royal suite. It is a mere closet, I and now bare and depressing to acer- 1 tain dpgree utterly incompatible with I our ideas of tolerable comfort, until we I remind ourselves the stone walls were once masked by richly wrought hangings, and the cold floors softened by carpets brought or imported by Mary into rugged Scotland from her beloved France. A small door opens into a closet for, storing wines, and other accom plishments of the 'petits soupera 1 which the Queen was fond of giving to her inmates. The entrance to the Supping-room is from her bed chamber. The walls of this are still hung with tapestries selected by her — a faded confusion confusion of knights in armour and plunging horses. The canopied bed, covered with a tattered silk coverlet, was also hers. Over the mantel is a half length portrait of Queen Elizabeth. We hope merci fully that it was not here in her hap less rival's time. The tapestry is looped away from the door of the Supping room, and from another and a smaller door close beside it, raised by a single step from the floor. This leads to the window stone btairs connecting the Queen's bed chamber with Darn ley's. The little door is kept locked. Darnley had the key, and his alone was the right to use it on Saturday night, the 9th March, 15f-6, when Queen Mary had bidden a few friends to supper. How few, we comprehend, as we survey the tiny drawing room. Her half sister, the Countess of Argyll, two ladies-in- waiting, a couple of gentle men of the court, a page who held the candles, and her Italian Secretary, David Rizzio, must have crowded the ctaset to discomfort when the tables and chairs were in place. When Darnley — otherwise King Henry, and husband of the Queen ? who, like Saul, was higher than the people from his shoulders and upwards stooped to clear tho lintel of the low doorway, and showed to the party his handsome face flushed with wine no body was surprised. A* he seated himself on the elbow of his wife's chair and put his arm around her waist, the fairest face in all Scotland was lifted smiling expectant to his. Ihe change' of position showed to Mary what she at first glance mistook for the ghost of Lord Ruthven in full armour filling ud the door behind her. He had arisen from a sick bed to lead the conspira tors. We will know the story better per haps than any other in the records of a land whole history is continuous ro mance. Iiizzo, torn from his frantic clinging to the skirts of his royal em ployer, was dragged through the bed room and through the large audience room beyond, there despatched by fifty-six dagger thrusts, then kicked '? like a dng down the palace stairs into the court beiow. In an affidavit prepared by Ruthven he ( taket God to record that the said Davie p-ceived never a stroke in her Majesty's presence, nor was not stricken ! till he was at the farthest door of her Majesty's utter chamber.' I His insistence upon thn evidence of respectful forbearance in the royal presence may be a cruel refinement of punctilio j but, if it be true it disposes thoroughly with the historic blood stains upon the floor of the little inner | room, which even Sir Walter Smti I was disposed to belieye genuine, aod which the conscientious annalist Robert Chambers does not gainsay. We look vainly for thern to day, and openly avow our disappointment. The hoary custodian declares bodily that he ' got tired of renewing the brown blotches.' ' Tbe floor was relaid two hundred and more years ago,' he says. ' Yet I found the stains here when I came, and when tbey wore out visitors insis ted on seeing them.' So — with i ehrog that is more French than Scot tish what was I to do 1' The first shook of disillusionment Over, imagination rallies to contemplate the actual features of the tragedy. Queries which no man living can answer, and touching which eontenv porary records are mute, press to our lips. Did Mary sleep in her own lied that right 1 Was the Sunday morning interview with her weak and vicious hoy-husband, and that terminated in tbeir reconciliation, held in the bedroom or the audience chamber beyond, By what wjles did he induce her to forego the purpose expressed in the impas sioned outbreak that met hie first words of penitence ? ' Yon have done me such a wrong that neither the recollecsion of your parly friendship nor all the hope you pao g ire rri^ of tl|e the future can ever make me forget it.' Darqlny I thankfully received ' her Jialf-brother, Murray, on the Sabbath prying, ijnd Afdry *yd uld not suffer her trinsfflai) to sup with Morton, as li*d bwi planned but kept him with l|er all tha 9renji)g, Slje f eiqinjceij and J him, tiffin owe (je hid benn at I l|o would nvf foya sufjred her t V be so iiicourteously handled.' Did the three- — Darnley, Murray, and Murray's si6ter — whose talk 'so moved him that tho tear6 fell from bis pvos' sup amicably and not cheerfully in the room that Sunday night ? On Monday * ber Majesty took the Kins; by one hand aud t be Eatl of Mur ray by the other, aud walked into her utter chamber' — i.e., tbe audience chamber upon the threshold of which Rizzo's blood was hardly dry — 4 tbe space of an hour.' What did they talk of while pacing | the floor over which the shrieking l favourite was dragged by bis murderers forty eight liours before? History has never cleared up the muddle and never will. Her child — James First of England and Sixth of Scotland^— was born on the 19th June of tbat same year, in another little room no larger than tbe Supping closet of Holyrood, but in the stronger ca6tle of Ediuburgh. The walls are panuelled with oak blackened by age. The initials * MR/ and 1 I.E.' are wrought into the carving of the ceiling. A shield upon tbe wall by the. fireplace bears the inscription 19 jtnii,. 1556, above the only spot in the room where the bed could have stood. 