THE HAROi.D FREDERIC IK QUEST. SENSATIONAL VERDIGx1. fFrom our SDeeial Corresnondfinf.^ London. November 11. 1898. The Harold Frederic inquest ended on Tuesday last with a sensational verdict of manslaughter against the deceased's mis tress, Kate Lyon, and the Christian scien tist operator, Mrs. Mills. The ladies were at once admitted to bail; Mr. Frank j Harris, of the 'Saturday Review,' being ; one of the sureties. A magisterial en- ; quiry is now in progress, but whatever ] the decision may be the case must go for i trial to the Central Criminal Court, the ; coroner's jury verdict operating as a true ! bill. The result, when the circumstances : are threshed out bv' counsel, will almost certainly be an acquittal, though Miss Lyon deserves a fright. She was warned more than once by Dr. Boyd uhat in turn ing away medical aid she ran serious risks, but would pay no attention. The law on t'he point is clear enough, and Mr. Morri- I son, the coroner, appears to have j laid it down with substantial ac- j curacy. If any persons assume control : of the helpless or impotent, they make themselves responsible for the exercise of due caution, and if death ensues from the ; failure to exercise it they are guilty of ' manslaughter. What is strenuously, denied by Mr. Frederic's friends is that he was , either helpless or impotent. Under the in- | fluence- of Miss Lyon he may have been. Presumably he cared for her, 'and to please her put Up wibh. the ministrations of Mrs. Mills. But there js nothing particularly mad in that,, and if airing his 'fads' in sulphurous language be a sign oi! lucncy Frederic must all his life have been crazy as a hatter. 'r. The papers seem a good deal startled by the verdict, and most of them maintain Mr. Frederic had a perfect right to employ either allopaths, homeopaths, or Christian scientists, as he thought best. Christian science, according to the witnesses before the coroner and to general repute, is a form of healing by faith. It consists part ly in prayer and partly in imbuing the pa tient with a belief that he will recover. Can any human tribunal (asks one able editor) presume to limit the efficacy oi prayer? Will any doctor venture to say that the expectation of recovery is not beneficial, or that in nervou3 disorders it may not be efficacious? Mrs. Mills and Miss Lyon may be quite mistaken. But the question whether they are right or wrong is not to be settled by twelve men in a box. It is a problem far beyond their power to solve, or even to compre hend. Mr. Frederic was entitled to adopt any methods he pleased for the improvement of his health or to adopt no methods at all. It was suggested that being an intellectual mari he could not have believed in Christian science. But that is nonsense. Dr. Johnson was quite as intellectual a man as Mr. Frederic, and he believed in the Cock-lane ghost. The evidence of Mr. Whiteing shows clearly that when Mr. Frederic was in good health he expressed his respect for Christian science. Mr. Whiteing tried to laugh or reason him out of it, but he did not succeed. If in these circumstances Mrs. Mills, who attended Frederic, and treated him in accordance with her principles, is criminally responsible for his death, a new and dangerous extension will have been given to the penal law. Suppose that Mr. Frederic had been attended by homoeo pathists. Allopathic doctors would have conscientiously sworn that he was in the hands of quacks who could not cure him, and had probably killed him. The obvious answer would be that that was not a pro per question for a coroner's jurw or for any other. It may be safer to stick to the family doctor and the- orthodox drugs. But personal liberty involves the right of swal lowing the wrong medicines and calling in the wrong practitioners. (Our cablegrams have reported that the accused were acquitted). - - Old glass bottles which are more or less useless are now ground up and employed as a substitute for sand in the preparation of mortar. 