BREYFBS CASE. ffl. Zola's Letter to H. Fanre. Sweeping Indictment. Tlio Bu ill/ News of January 14 says : SI. Zola's letter to tho President of tlio Republic, published iu tho "Aurora: "has boon written witli tho obiect of forcing a prosecution in tho Assize Court. Thoso who are personally acquainted with M. Zola are satisfied that this is what ho wants. M. Molino stated in tho Chamber this afternoon thnt criminal proceedings for insulting tho army, &c.;, would bo taken against tho author of the letter to tho President of tho Re public. Unless the jury very much misrepresent tho opinion of their couutrymon, M. Zola will bo sentenced to imprisonment — twolvo months, porhnps. Tho manliness of M.Zola's conduct, his resolve to bo iu tlio early vCJiristiuu sense a martyr, that is a witness, is totally misunderstood by his countrymen, uud from the mass ho gets nothing but execration aud threats. M. Zola warns M. Fauro that his Pre sidentship is about to ho sullied by an incffaceablo disgrace. A court-martial has dared to ncquit 'Mujor Esterhuzy by order — an insult to justice and truth — uml history will record thnt this crimo against society was committed while M. Fuuro wns President. Ilo (M. Zola) will not bo less dariug than tho court- martial. A baneful man, says M. Zola, has conducted tbo wholo Dreyfus case — Colonel du l'aty do Cliirn. Tho truth will novor bo fully, known till nil this man's doings are brought to light. Hero is M. Zola's portrait of the colonel : — » " Ho nppenvoda foggy, involved mind haunted Avith romantic intrigues, do-" lighting in tlio methods of the detective novel, anonymous letters, appointments in lonoly places, mysterious ladies who liuwk about nt midnight crushing pieces of evidence. Ho bethought himself of dictating tho ' bordereau ' to-Dreyfus, he proposed to study his countenance in a room lined all round . .witli looking- glasses. Ho, as Major Forziuotti, relates, wanted to tako Dreyfus by surpriso iu his coll during tho prisoner's sleep, with a dark lantern. Thoro remains much more to bo told about Du l'aty do Chun.' Ho is tho first mau ruspousiblo for an awful miscarriago of justice. _ It was found that confidential information wus leaking out of .tho "War Office, leakages are going on its much as before. It was. conjectured <i priori that tho author of ' tlio 'bordereau' could ouly ' ho , nu .infantry officer. Major l'atv do Clam persuaded Gouonil Meroier, u mau of not much mind, General do Roisdcifre, 'who appciu-s to havo yioldc-d to his 'clerical pussion, and Goiieriil Gou'so, whoso . conscioitce seoms to. hnvo ill ways beon obistic. l'aty do.Clain hypnotises everybody, for ho goes in for spiritualism nud "occultism, ond holds conversations with ghosts. This first part of tho Droyf us affair, when Du l'aty put Dreyfus to ovory kiud of montal torture, is a nightmare for thoso who know tho story." Tho wholo- investigation', contiuuos M. Zola, took "placo just as in the chronicles of the fifteenth century— mysteriously, and with sousntibnnl ex pedients,. nil founded upon ono singlo childish, charge— that usinino , " bor dereau," which was not eveu a com mon piece of liigh treason, but tho most impudent of swindles, for tlio famous secrets mentioned thofoin wcro for tho most part uttorly worthless. Tho letter continues: — " How Dreyfus is. before tlio court- martial. Tlio trial-is in camera. Had a traitor conspired to bring tlio Em peror William in. triumph -'to' tho stops of Hot re Daiuo tho mystery would not have boon moro joalously guarded. Tho nation is overeomo, and dreadful storios aro whispered. What is there behind all this? Hothiiig but tho romantic und luuiitio wanderings of l'aty do Clum. Road tlio neto d'uocusution. It is a prodigy of iuiquity. I defy honost people to read it without- indignation. Dreyfus speaks sovoral languages. A crimo this. Ho compromising papers are found at his house. 'A crimo ngniu. Ho sometimes goes "hack to liis birth place. A crime again, Ho is hard working, lio wishes to; know, every thing. A crime; Do is -unmoved before tho jugo d'instruotioii. A. crimo. Ho is moved. Still a criiuo. Wo wore fold formerly there" wore fourteen charges iu tho indictmout. Wo- find thoro is hilt ouq-r-tho" ' bordbrouii' — and wo loiirii thiit idvou tlio "experts wore not agreed, und ono of them, M, Gobort, was jostled in military fashion, because ho dared to '.entertain tlio wrong opinion. . We are also told that ''twenty-thi-uo officers caiiio to' denounce Dreyfus as witnossos, but wo do not know . what tliey. 'suid, and we know that all did not attnek hini. Moreovor, thoy all belong-- to tho staff. It is u family trial. Tlio gonoral staff inado tho ouse, ''tried -tlio oiisii, and lias just triod it ugnin a second time; " Thou pooplu fall, hack, on tho allopd' document shown to thojudgos behind Droyfus's . haok. I deny tho existence of this dooumont witli all my might, l'orhaps thoro may bo d ridi culous ..letter concerning fast women where - somebody spoaks ; of " that animal D- — 7," , hut a dbpnnient con; corning tho national siifoty, u dooiimbnt that cannot bo. shown without . war breaking out to-morrow 1 No, 'no, that iB a lio, and all tlio mora disgraceful and sliainole8s,,:iis. .tho liars.. lie With impunity. Ono cannot bring thoir villainy homo to them. Thoy are rous ing up France, Horeoiung tlierasolvos behind hor legitimate emotion.' Thoy aro blosing pcoplo'B -lnouthsj disturbing hearts, and perverting minds. I know 110 groatbr oivio crime." : , Droyfus's wealth, tho nhsbnoo of -any alleged motives, liiB continual ory of innoconco M. Zola goes 011, show him to be a victim of tho ravings of l'aty do Clam nnd. of ' Jow baiting, ouu of tho disgruoos of this ago. Colonel Sandhorr, of the War ; Oflloo, died, and 'Colonel .Picqupi-t took his. pljicn. O110 day, a no to sent to-Estoriiuz'y by tho agent uf .11- foreign Power awakoned Colonel l'io- quuvt's - suspioions. M. Zola rolntos at . length liis inquiry; niid ho says :— : t " Gonoral Billot was u now man. Hd was not oomprbniisod. '' Ho could.havc oloarcd up ovorythiii. He did not dura —in terror, no i)oubt, of public opinion. Ho lost tho opportunity. Ho has now committed himself, and ho has accepted tho criminal legacy. Ho is moro guilty than tlio othors, for it was in his power to soo that justice was dono. Can you understand this ? General Billot, Gonoral do Boisdoffro, Gonoral Gonso know that Dreyfus is innocent, and thoy keep this frightful sooret for a wholo year, and thoy are ablo' to slocp at night, and thoy havo wives and children whom they I0V0. Tho crimo was consummated. Tho staff could not afford to confess it. Colonel Picquart was sont to Tunis, but not in disgrace, for General Gonso - earned on a friendly .correspondence with him." ' .' Tho contest botwben Colonel Picquart and Du Patyis noxt described by. M. Zola. Wo shall meet them both ngaiii somo day before tlio assizes. At bottom it is always tho samo thing— tlie staff dofonding its ' oxiBteneo, unwilling to confess its crime, tbo abominntion of which, says the - author of tho letter, is increasing from hour to hour. "Who -are tho protectors of Ester- hazy ? First, iu tlio dark, Du Duty. His hand is betrayed by all serts of eccentric expedients. Then Do Bois- deffre, Gonse, and Billot himself. Tho only upright man in the affair. Colonel I'icijunrt, is the ono who will ho punishod. It is said ho forged tlio note from tho foreign attache to Estcrlinzy. AVhy? Ib he also paid by the -Jews? Tho beauty is that lie was an anti- Semite. Wo see this infamous sight of a man ruined with debts and crimes ucquitted without a staiu ou his chavueter, while 111011 of spotloss lives aro put in prison." ' General, do Pollioux and Major Rttvury. thon conduct, says M. Zola, a scoundrelly inquiry in which knaves tiro whitewashed aud honest 111011 be smirched. Then the court-martial, M, Zola , shows his readers what a court- martial is : — " When a Miuistor of- War has publicly stated in tho Chanibor that a sontonoo must ho lnaiutiuiied,' will any soldier givo . him tho lio ? Tho judges were jsuggestioniscd by this statement of Gohoiul Billot. Tlioy argued thus — Dreyfus was sentenced for treason by a court-ium-tinl. Ho is therefore guilty, and wo — a court-miirtinl — cannot say tluit ho isiuuocont. But wo know tha't to find Esterhuzy guilty would he to proclaim Droyfus's iimoecncc. They havo rendered im iniquitous sentence which will remain for over a blot on courts-inui'tiitl.. Tlio first court-martini was porhnps imbecile, tlio second 0110 is necessarily criuiinitl. l'eoplu talk to us about the honour of tho itriny. Wo hnvo nothing but tenderness anil rospc.ct for tho army that would rise to repel an .invader, hilt tho question in hand is not about this army, hut ubout tho sword wielded by a .muster who will perhaps ho imposed upou us to-morrow. Aro wo to kiss tho haudlo of this sword ? Novor. Another crime is to have sought defenders in tlio dirty Press." M. Zola gives a scathing indictment of tho Inst coiirt-iuni'tiiil. Thoy allowed the Public Prosecutor to insult n wit ness, C0I0110I I'ioquiirt, and just as he was rising to reply they closed tho doors. Ho then, proceeds :— " I do not despair in tho least of our final victory. I mil more eel-tain of it tliau ovor. In fact tho case only begins from to-day, hocauso now our re'spoetivo positions aro clour. Ou ouu side tho guilty parties, who are nguiust light ; ou tho other side the nvengoi-s, who will dovoto thoir lives to tiio vindi cation of. truth. I license Colonel du l'aty do Clam of bciug thu dovilish author of this lmscm-ringo of justice. I ncoiiso Gouornl Moroier of being, .through weakness, I suppose, au accessory to 0110 of tho greatest ini quities of tlio century. I uecuso General Billot of holding certain proofs of Droyfus's innocence uiul having kopt them secret,, nud of having committed this crimo against the country, man kind, mid justice, for a political purpose, to save his staff. I aocuso Gonoral do Boisdoffro aud General Gonso of beiug accessories to tho sumo criiiio. I nccusu Gonoral dc Pollioux nnd Major Ravm-y of having carried .011" u scoundrelly in quiry in a spirit of monstrous and, us tho indictment .'shows, - shmnoloss par tiality. I acousu tho threo exports in handwriting of having mndo lying re ports, unless tlicy are insane. I accuse tho staff of currying on iu tho Press, mid purtioulm-ly tlio Jtv/air mid Eeho do .I'ttrio, un nboiuiuablo campaign to per vert public opinion. I ncouBO tlio first court- martial of having violated tlio law iu giving judgment ou a secret' doou mont,' and tlio second 0110 of cloaking this fault by order, and of committing the crimo of wilfully absolving a guilty mun." ' ' 