"WESTERN MAIL" CHRIST- MAS NUMBER. STORY AND PHOTOGRAPHIC COMPETITIONS. The competitions in connection with the forthcoming Christmas number of the WESTEEN MAIL have evoked great interest. The number of competitors has been large and the standard reached creditable. THE STORY COMPETITION. The story competition was specially in fa- vour, well on towards 100 stories being sub- mitted. News of the prizes offered, ranging from £6 downwards, had travelled far, for manuscripts came rolling in from the Eastern colonies as well as from all parts of Western Australia. The- first marked characteristic of the stories was that as a rwholo they were considerably ' ahead of those received for the 1897 competition, in quality as well as in mere quantity. Several of the writers manifested great Î'rîginality in their main conception, but here V?as a 'a°k °f ability to carry out these ideas. Commonplace subjects were snore ably handled. Naturally tales of the fields were in great; favour, even by writers who had never seen the colony and who relied for their information o& jfche'occasionally treacherous memories of .brothers "who had been West. Almost fcvery tale of this sort had a rich find in it. JÂ huge nugget or an acre or two of reef rivalling Kalgoorlie in richness was ^apparently the very, least that could be expected as suitable Christmas fare. In \- ^addition, there was, of course, the inevi- table heroine. Few of the authors apparently thought that she was sufficient . > ito form the whole of the hero's reward. JThen there was tho "pastoral" and farm , story of rustic courtship and bush fires, usually relating to some other colony even \ -if palpably adapted to Western'Australian ; conditions. The tales of city life were ~ '-? much fewer, and on the whole better, because dealt with in fuller knowledge. ] The wanderings into the psychological were i ' few but daring, for these ghostly subjects are refractory to handle. Apparently the historical novel and the detective story are * not'a model for the local dabblers in fiction, ? ' possibly because they are not specially -: adapted to Australian conditions. At all «vents they did not bulk in the competi- tion, .The influence, of many well- known writers was clearly apparent, although the neurotic and the sex story and the pain- fully cynical tale were kept in check by the general desire to follow out a Christ- mas tone which was occasionally .tiresome. * Bret Harte, Ethel Turner, Lawson, and _ others had left their mark, so as in many ;X ;, ¿ases to destroy 'the Originality -of the "fi tales. -After much weighing of the different ;.: JV^terles the number waa. reduced to five, % Iwfe.whicli. wi^ some difficulty three were seleBted^- ' ''Connolly's Bonanza Bush," by George Hope, 1st prize .{£6). ^Thé Prodigal," by N. V. Philpott, 2nd 1 : . prize (£3). . . *'The Capture of Jimmy," by Julian ; :, Mite^ The first, though somewhat reminiscent ' ; of Thet Harte, is undoubtedly the best tale received relating to the mining industry^ and js full of touches which show the ; writer's intimate knowledge of his subject. Ail who have been on the fields will enjoy many of the scenes, while those who have not had that, perhaps doubtful, pleasure, will also enjoy them as tales of au unknown i ; life, chiefly dust, drought, drinks, and dis f comfort, even if at times redeemed by ' golden prizes.. Mrs. Philpott^ "Story goes * : no further afield than Perth and the agri . '- cultural lauds beyond, although one scene ¿ives a sidelight of western New South 'Wales. The:hero is a finely-delineated % . ne'er-do-well, while his sisters and the ^ other characters aie to the life, the ' dialogue being, however, immeasurably í , brighter.then in real life. " The Capture . , .of Jimmy " has a trait that was somewhat 'fk 'lacking in the bulk of the stories-humour, r^l ït is* dainty piece writing, and .while g^ife^plpt ^ have been less..fraèile,- the. sketch, certainly ranks 00BM^g me§vBb^aeo. " The Mystery of a gs^ttaVs^pbaiti,1'by^amesJS. Odeh, narrowly v';;- aniseed a prize. To some extent it was the \ : ^ best piece of serious delineation of char- acter received, as well as the most original ^ >-dive int;*..the realms of the spirit world, f r ¿Butd after, reaching a fine crisis , the writer Î»roved unequal to the subsequent hand- ing pf his subject, and so marred what the i judges regarded as a more than creditable I commencement. "The Martyrdom of Mariton," by Marcus Clarke, jun., was cer tainly a well-told story. But it drew a 1 condition of affairs that never existed in ;-- Western Australia, and played skittles ;- ; with the unity of place, if not with that of , x time, to a degree which the judges consi v. dered exceeded,, the license willingly f. accorded to writers of fiction. THE PHOTOGRAPHIC COMPETITION! The photographic competition scarcely reached such, a high lerel as was antici pated. In the first place, the terms of the competition were not adhered to by many the competitors. So much was this ^;"jHie., case that in one class no prize ^jwas; awarded, . while in others the ^^'^winialng photographs, while good in ;^^thBmseî?es, could, strictly speaking, |||î^yej»èninjected.,^Wbilesomueh JatitnUe -'^as'-allbwed by the judges on this occasion, ¿án^ta^ will apparent^/ g^^rÂ^sai^Vw-mèré' ataîctly ! define what/ ^i&4r^u^â'ànâ;thèù reject all Chat do hot : If^tjQfllthe SDhaitiphs; The most of the " p£'*»m^ ¿58 for ff ^lbhe best. Single' view. Although the corn- iejietítion was an open one, both amateurs p.,; «ad.y^t^onal.'photogTOhers. competing, Jan amateur, 2ffr. E. *£. Hamersley, of York, #v¿ carried off the prize, as he did in the pboto ^^jjj^jpác com|M$itiónIn connection with the ^gffôtÉtàvlMtâ ' earlier .'în tkeyear. 1 His ^^^^was^qùfttîîÔil» glimpse of an over ^'4^pw 'ïiom the Avon river, " and was a ^^eaútttüí piece pf sylvan jseonery. TJn %. iiortuttfttely the photograph did not lend f"A Steelf to reproduction, many. of', the .fine ¿~¿%iáf shades being lost in tho process. The feiitttatt'heàt views were br Meiiars. ' Shaw ' Bros., of Banbury, who entered some exquisite glimpses of river scenery. Perhaps the most absolutely perfect photo- graph was that by Mr. Charles Sherwood, showing the Perth Narrows with 6uch fidelity that not a ripple on the water was omitted. But it was a photograph rather than a view, and lacked the softer grace of the others. Mr. O. C. S. Lovelle and Mr. J. H. Hurst sent in several fine views. The prize of £5 for the best series illustra- tive of life in Western Australia evoked no great variety. None ef the lots were sufficiently diversified to win the prize, which was divided between Mr. C. Walker, of Stirling-street, and Mr. W. Short, of Yarloop. While excellently taken," the views of the former related almost ex- clusively to Perth and ,the Swan, while Mr. Short dealt wholly with the timber milling industry, except that he gave several scenery views and a photograph of dryblowers at work. The prize of £1 for tho best "study of beauty evoked com- petitors from the other side of Australia, but was won by a fine study of a blind aboriginal, "Blind Bobby," and his gin in the bush, taken by Messrs. Shaw Bros., of Bunbury. A special second prize of 10s. went to Mr. Adair, of Hay-street, for a more conventional study of a girl's face. Messrs. Shaw Bros. also won the prize of £1 for tobest " animal study," though in this case, alloy the usual definition of the term was not ob'sewed by competitors. The "living picture" :pïize of £1 was practically not competed for,~ nvHS. °f ,^ne ! views being up to the mark. In future competitions amateurs alone will be in- vited to compete, as the result of these trials shows that to a* great extent the professionals, as might be expected, out- class the amateurs. THE CHILDREN'S COMPETITION. "Aunt Mary" who presides over the | Children's Column of the WESTERN MAIL, j has had the competition with regard to it adjudicated upon and sends the following report :-" On the whole the stories written by children under 12 (the 2nd class) show more originality than those sent in by the 1st class (over that age). This is difficult to account for, unless it be caused by the wider reading of the older girls. In many catos it is evident that the plots of their stories were suggested, unconsciously I am sure, by some book or tale they have read. One very good story, entitled " What Dide Saw," was not accompanied by the age of the sender, and I was, therefore, re- luctantly compelled to disqualify it. The prize in the senior division falls to a naturally expressed and original little tale, - "The Children's Picnic," by Tiny Shenton, The Gift, South Perth; aged 12½ years. "A Faithful Doggie," by Ethel Burt, Adelaide-terrace, Perth, is not quite so original in plot as the first-named, but is so well and concisely expressed that I think it is worthy of more than honourable mention, so" award it a special' prize. The prize story in the junior division, " How Louie found the Ghost," is distinctly original in plot and well expressed. It is as good as any in the senior division. Its author is Amy Minchin, who is ll years and il months old In this class honour- able mention is made of the . stories of Nellie E. Stacy, Alice Mena Glyde, and Daisy Paterson^ The papers on "How I spent my Holidays ", are, on the whole, a little disappointing. The best in the senior division is written by Gertrude Minchin, aged 13 years and 10 months, and in the junior division by Daisy Paterson, aged ll years and 1 month. To these two girls, therefore, the prizes will be given. The poetry and sketches are poor, and I am afraid both these subjects have proved to be rather beyond most of the children. To the drawing sent by Kitty B. Cowan, Sharks Bay, 13 years and 5 months, one prize is given, and the piece of poetry, entitled " Her Answer," by Bose Osborne, 114 Barrack-street, 14 years old, carries* off honours in that division, while honourable mention is made of Daisy Gibbney's "The Western Mail." Not knowing how to class a very interesting letter from George Cowan, 8 years and 10 months, 16 Victoria street, "West Perth, I give it a special prise,, and it will be included in the Christ mas Number with the ether prize-takers. Theprizes^will consist of books.*' 