overgrowing her STRENGTH. HOW DR. WILLIAMS' riXK PILLS MAKE WEAK ..IIRLS STRONG. ) Testimony from well-known and highly-respected colonists is always worth printing, and the words of Mr Georgo Marner, of "Lamington,” Victoria Road, Anbnrn, Victoria, arc of this nature :—111 thought I would lose my daughter, Miss Alice,” said Mr Marner to onr reporter recently, “ she i»ss overgrowing her strength. Modical men could do nothing for her.’’ llerc Miss Mar ner entered jind quickly told how Dr Williams’ Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. “ I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning boms from school,” said she, ” I did not feel sufficiently unwell to tako to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that mndo me most miserable. Father took me to ace a doctor, and ho said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the ‘quinino tonic' givon mo, with regularity. Then I com menced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I coniu scaredj <iet any rest,” “ Wo tried everything to induce sleep, interposed Mr Marner, “ but it bad no effect; then I consulted a wcll ! known Collins-strect practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and ad vised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in tlie morning ; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh aud became a more ghost.” “ This time last, year,” said Miss Alice, “ I weighed 7at. 31b*., now I am 9st. 71bs.” “ A great improvement ; yonr j treatment must have been bruoficial?" 11 No ; all tho medicine 1 got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills fer Pale Pooplo deserve that credit, dust before tho Jubilee hoi days, last year, father bought me n box of Dr. Wil liams’ Pink Pills, at Mr Plcasance’s, Chapel Street, Prahan ; they did mo so much good that I c utiuued with them. It is a 1 mg timo since I dis continued taking them, and I am now al healthy as anyone could “ A.nd yon would roomitnend “ Yes ; and that strongly too," said Mr Marner, ” had l known of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved mo a hundred pounds.” Parents should think over this — good health and a hundred pounds It is ur.dispnted thnt Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich tho blood, and improve the brain, They are a certain cure for indiges tion, pimples, skin diseases, livernnd kidney troubles, biliousness, cummin, sleeplessness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregularities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, Ac. Obtainable from all chemists mid dealers, or from the Dr Williams Medicine Co., Flinders-street, Mel bourne, who will forward six boxes for fifteen and threepence, or one box for two and nine, post free. 