A ??ili hi f tl ~A i tifts A ftiiii IslA Iath f# h t nI A p l. th b iif i t liiahIfib P.li siftii 61f. Ju biif 1ttih 1tid fhL fall fiti d i o bl e lrie t r t.ir tlarei, ani for . ithibl e of yA ai' aifterI he was tt con tlled ihtiltdi shtffering leeribly frd om lheoinotiF r atlia and other forlis of itl 'rlysH i. A few ontit s ago, howeler, tepoi-i began to he cirtculated in the teight biiliiood tfat Air. Jarvi to ase erttisig ihbsti agai . i, and that he had Rlied a irihta, ttarellUin recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It ase on atacofit of these rimors that a hpecial reporter from the Sydney ork was despatched to geirc all in the tormation regarding same, and one tifternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown-Lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. iTarvis was discovered nursing a two year.old baby, and his face declared him bee of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at thedoor. Although pale, fod bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid eno more. In reply to the preliminary questions wae said :" out, want to know all ribout my cal illnesse ? Well, I a glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are 'stricken as I was." " How long were you sufferiitg 1" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next .Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Syd hey. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms 1" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. 'They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no contro. over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he to'd me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions" "Did you make use of the order I" 'No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor intaxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, charac terized by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating vnluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might hever get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about wvith energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler niaker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertifement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvel lous as it was magical. 1 was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there I They are perfectly new, and I have never iosed them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and how I don't want them." "He is 100 per cent. better," said .Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on hertknees. "Theb Dr. 1Villisims' Pink Pills for Pale People kiiw i ?avedhis life, and made another .fnan of him.' a :-'A.friebd who called in at this point said that JTarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fort tight previous. "'I can now," continued Jarvis, " lhave a cold bath, and all the feeling has coine back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Will lihms' Pink Pills. Thy" havInsaved my Slife. I am in no pain now, i.lhatever, i'nd feel like i new man. On the inantelpiece there is a box ofn pinm and htorplia pills which the doctor gavye te 'to deaden the excruciating pain. iut they can stay where they ar", for I noi longer need thPmt. Evevybodtlr vhol hnows me has beesn amztldi at tilhe change in me. They can hardly Ib lieve their eyes. My being nh-,st 'ain has caused quitoe a sensation out .Lerc.'i - .:. Such is thlis:remarkable history, nnd it confirmns what ih said in all the" chief "e:i'pnppers of this country of tihe * tonisling esres wromght by Dr. Wil ':iis':Pink Pills forPale People. They mie locomo'or ataxy, partial paralysis, rd spihal'disease, also the manv ilis -i's Fhich bi rise from an iupveriohedt 511d Ij flloe 4tillil i i t 7th' $ice Ii i ! thd t llbloi bi s l'l it ai': ftit e tuiiiii tfbi li' iir idi thui Nu r Wo.. iLumIve As?riiiilyJ; wdd settl by onri rteporte!r in diltitlttitioil witli tlicret itriible case of 'tliidia Jaihis. IIM. M 'Gosen says lie lias khois Jarvis frai`t infancy. He lso kniieit tllat he hail td give up hie ;'oirk at Glebe Island a?batoirs twelve iiondiths ago owling ti a malady which he developed. He aftetwards heard that Jatvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jaivis was reftised admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chem sts, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Go, Flinders.street, Melbourne, who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stanmps or post order, one box for 2/9, or half a dozen for 15/3. See that the genuine Dr Williams' are gotten. 