A DETECTIVE STORY. ,BY LAWRENCE L. LYNcu, Author of "'No Proof," " Moina," & CHAPTER 1. S .OMETHING WRONG. It was a May morning in Glenvillle Pietty,- picturesque Glenville, low lyinr by the lake shore, with the waters of th lake surging to meet it, or coyly recedin from it, on the one side, and the green clad hills rising gradually and gently a the other, ending in a belt of trees at th very h6rizon's edge. There is little movement in the quie streets of the town at half-past eight o'clock in the morning, save for young sters, who walking, running, leaping, sauntering or waiting idly, one foranother, are, or should be, on their way to theschool house which stands upon the very southernmost outskirts of the town, and a little way up the hilly slope, at a reason ably safe remove from the willow-fringed lake shore. The Glenville school-house was one of the earliest p-lblic buildings erected in the village, and it had been " located " in what was confidently expected to be the centre of the place. But the new and late-coming impetus, which had changed the hamlet of half a hundred dwellings to one of twenty times that number, and made of it a quiet and not too fashionable little summer resort. had carried the busi ness of the place northward, and its residences still farther north, thus leaving this seat of learning aloof from, and quite above the newer town. in isolated and lofty dignity, surrounded by trees; in the outskirts, in fact, of a second belt of' .wood, which girdled the lake shore, even as the further and loftier fringe of timber outlined the hilltops at the edge of the eastern horizon and far away. " Lee call 'er the 'cademy ?" suggested Elias Robbins, one of the builders of the school-house, and an early settler of Glenvile. "What's to hinder ?" s' Nothin'," declared John Rote, the village oracle. "'Twill sound first-rate." 'They were standing outside the build ing,:, just completed and resplendent in two coats of yellow paint, and they were just; from the labour of putting in, "hangin' " the new bell. All of-masculine Glenville was present, and the other sex was not without repre sentation. " Suits me down ter the ground I" com mented a third citizen ; and no doubt it would have suited the majority, but when Parson Ryder was consulted, he smiled genially and shook his head. "It won't do, I'm afraid, Elias." he said. " We're only a village as yet. you see, and we can't even dub it the High Sohool,-except from a geocraphical point of view However, we are bound to grow, and-our titles wi 1l come with the growth.' The growth, after a time began; but. it was only a summer growth; and the school-house was still a vilage school house with its master and one under, or primary, teacher; and to day there wasa frisking group of the smaller youngsters rushing about the school-yard, while the first bell rang out, and half a dozen of the older pupils clustered about the girlish under-teacher full of questions and wobder.; for Johnny Robbins, whose turn it- was to ring the bell this week, after-watching the clock, and the path up the hill;,alternately, until the time for the:first bell had come, and was actual'y twenty seconds past, had reluctantly but firmly seized the rope and began to pull. "'Taint no use, Miss Grant ; ill have to do it. He told me not to wait for nothin', never, when 'twas half-past eight, and so "-cling, clang, cling " I'm "bound "-cling-" ter do it !" C'ang. '"You see" cling-" even If he aint here--" Clang, clang, clang. The boy pulled lustily at the rope for about half as long as usual and then he stopped. "You don't s'pose that clock c'ud be wrong, do yo', Miss Grant? 3Mr B'ierly's never been 'ster'n quarter past before." Miss Grant turned her wistful and somewhat anxious eyes toward the eastern horizon, and rested a hand upon the shoulder of a tall virl at her side. " Be may be ill, Johnny," she said., reluctantly, "or his watch may be wrong.. He's-sure to -come in time for morning song service; Come, Meta. let us go iii; and have a look at those fractions." Five-ten-fifteen minutes passed and' thetwo heads bent still over book ati~a slate. Twenty minutes, and Johnny's' head appeared at the door, half a dozent others behind it. I ' Has he come, Johnny ?" " No'm; sha'n't I go an' see " But bliss Grant arose, stopping hrin with a gesture. "He would laugh at u: Johnny." Then. with another look a the anxious faces, "swait until nine o'o-nck, at least" \- "'tnny and his fellowers went sullenl1 1,,,:i i ' 'le porch, and Meta's lips begs \- .iomethia's happened to him, Mit Grant," she whimoered; "I know some thin' has happened I" "Nonsense," said Miss Grant. Il .he went to the window and called a litt girl at play upon the green. "Nellie Fry! Come here, dear." Nellie Fry, an a, b, c student, can running in, her yellow locks flyit straight out behind her. "What is it. Miss Grant I" "Nellie. did you see Mr Brierly i breakfast I" " Yes'm 1" " And-quite well I" "Why-- guess so. He talked " like he does always, and asked the hld ' in'. He-he ate a lot, too-for him.: 'member ma speakin' of it." "You remember, Nellie." MIiss Grant kissed the childand wahlld to her desk, bending over her roll c4 and seeming busy over it until the cl upon the opposite wall struck the houn ninoe, and Johnny's face appeared at door, simultaneously with the - stroke.st "Sh'll I ring, Miss Grant I" "Yes." The girl spoke with sud decision. "Ring the bell, and thbrt, at once to Mrs Fry's house, and as"i anything has happened to detain;?if Brierly. Don't loiter, Johnny." There was an unwonted flush now pt the girl's usually pale cheeks, and sur n energy in her step and voice. n The school building contained but rooms, beside the large hall, tando cloak rooms upon either side; and the acholars trooped in, taking their re acO tive places with more than their aecl readiness, but with unusual bustlend exchange of whispers and inquiring Ian the slender girl went once more t;es entrance and looked up and dows.h path from the village. tne There was no one in sight, ant sh turned and put her hand upon theo way ing bell-rope.a "Stop it, Johnny! There's r ~something wrong l Go, now, an l after MIr Brierly. He mustbe ill l!'s " He'd 's sent word, sure," sath b'oy, with conviction, as he snastclhis htat from its nail. 'ut MissGran 1 waved uiarmn away and entered te.qouth room, where the elder pupils were now, for the most part, assembled. "Girls and boys," she said, the colour still burning in her cheeks, "something has delayed Mr Brierly. I hope it will be for a short time only. In the mean time, until we know-know what to expect, you will, of course, keep your places and take up your studies. I am sure I can trust you to be as quiet and studious as if your teacher was here ; and while we wait, and I begin my lessons, I shall set no monitor over you. I am sure you will not need one." The pupils of Charles Brierly were ruled by gentleness and love, and they were loyal to so mild a ruler. With low whispers and words of acquiescence, they took up their books, and Miss Grant went back to her more restless small people, leaving the connecting door between the north and south rooms open. Mrs Fry's cottage was in the heart of the village, and upon the hillside, but Johnny stayed for nothing, running hither, hat in hand, and returning pant ing, and with a troubled face. "Mlliss Grant," he panted, bursting into her presence with scant ceremony, "he aint thero! Mrs Fry says lie came to school before eight o'clock. He went out while she was combin' Nellie's hair, an' she aint seen him since !" Hilda Grant walked slowly down from her little platform and advanced, with a waving moment, until she stood in the doorway between the two rooms. The colour had all faded from her face, and she put a hand against the door-pane as if to steady herself, and seemed to control or compress herself with an effort. " Boys-children-have any of you seen Mr Brierly this morning ?" For a moment there was an utter silence in the school-room. Then, slowly, and with a sheepish shuffling movement, a stolid-faced boy made his way out from one of the side seats in Miss Grant's room, and came towards her without 3peaking. He was meanly dressed in 'arments ill-matched and worse fitting; his arms woere abnormally long, his shoulders rounded and stooping, and his eyes were at once dull and furtive. He ras the largest pupil, and the dullest, in iBiss Grant's charge, and as he came to-.. cards her, still silent, but with his mouth calf open, some of the little ones tittered udibly. " Silence !" said the teacher. sternly. 'Peter come hero, come here." Her )ne grew suddenly gentle. " Have you son Mr Brierly this morning?" " Uh hum 1" The boy stopped short nd hung his head. "That's good news Peter. Tell me here you saw him." "Down there," nodding. toward the ke. " At the-lake ?" "Yep !" "How long ago, Peter ?" "'Fore school-hour, maybe." " How far away, Peter ?" "Big ways. Most by Injun Hill." " h ! and what was he doing ?" "Set on ground-lookin'." ."Miss Grant !" broke in the boy Mhnv. " He was goin' to shoot at a :ck ; I guess lie's gota new target down are, an' some of the boys shoots there, : know. Gracious !" his eyes suddenly slening, "Dy'u s'pose he's got hurt, .way 7" 5isn Grant turned quickly toward the ,pleton. F 'Peter, you are sure it was this morn. Ithat you saw Mr Brierly ?" 1 I h hum." ;Ad was he alone ?" . Ts hum." ' Who else did you see down there, -'ho boy lifted his arm,r shielding his is with it'as if expecting a blow. `I bet some one's tried ter.hit.him I" 'smented Johnny. H" ush, Johnny I Peter, what is it? d someone frighten you ?" .he boy wagged his head. W" ho was it 7" " N--Nothin' -" ,Peter began., to himper. •" You must answer me, Peter; was sy one else by the lake ? Whom else :d you see ?" SA--a--ghost !" blubbered the bo, ad this was all she could gain from him ,And now the children began to Ihisper, and some of the elder to suggest ossihilities. " Maybe he's met a tramp." " P'r'aps he's sprained his ankle 1" "P'r'aps lie's failed into the lake, eacher," piped a six-year-old. " Poh I" retorted a small boy. " He :in swim like-anything." C:"Children, be silent !" . A look of innoyance had suddenly. relaxed the strained, set look of the under teacher's whito face as she recalled, at the moment, how she had heard MIr Samuel Doran president of the board of school directors ask Mr Brierly to drop in at his office that morning to look at some specimen school baoks. That was thie evening before, and, doubtless, hle was there now. Miss Grant bit her lip, vexed at, her follv and fright. But after a moment's reflection she turned : again to. Johnny Tobbins, saying " Jolmhnny, will yougo back as far as Mr Doran's house ? Go to the office door, and if Mr Brierly is there, as I think he will be, ask him if hie would like me to hear his classes until lhe is at liberty." Again the ready messenger caught up his flapping straw hat, while a little flutter of relief ran through the school, and Miss Grant went back to her desk, the look of vexation still upon her face. Five minutes'? brisk trotting brought the boy to Mr Doran's, which was much nearer than the Fry homestead, and less than five minutes found him again at the school-house door. "Miss Grant," he cried, excitedly, "he wa'r't there, nor haint been; an' Mr Doran's startin' right out, with two or three other men, to hunt him. Hn says there's somethin' wrong about it." CHAPTER II. "I suppose it's all right," said Samuel Doran, as he walked toward the school house, followed by three or four of the villagers, "called" because of their near ness, rather than "chosen;" "but Brierly's certainly the last man to let any ordinary matter keep him from his post. We'll hear what Miss Grant has to say." Miss Grant met the group at the gate, and when she had told them all she had to tell, ending with the testimony of the boy Peter, and the suggestion concerning the target-shooting. "Sho i" broke in one of the men, as she was about to express her personal opinion and her fears, "that's the top an' bottom of the hull business I Brierly's regularly took with ashootin' at a mark. I';e been out with him two or three ovenin s of late. He's just got int'rusted, and forgot ter look at his watch. We'll find him safe enough som'e'roes along the bank ; let's cut across the woods." "He must have heard the bell," ob jected Mr Doran, "but, of course, if Peter Kramer saw him down there, that's our way. Don't be anxious, lMiss Grant; probably Hopkins is right." The ruad which they followed for some distance ran a somewhat devious course through the wood, which one entered very soon after leaving the school- house. It ran along the hillside, near its .base, but stll.somewhat above the stretch of ground, fully a hundred yards in width, between it and the lake shore. Above the road, to eastward, the wooded growth climbed the gentle up ward slope, growing, as it seemed, more and more dense and shadowy as it mounted. But between the road and the river the trees grew less densely, with numerous sunny openings, but with much undergrowth, here and there, of hazel and sumach, wild vines, and along the border of the lake the low overhanging scrub willow. For more than a fourth of a mile the four men followed the road, walking in couples, and not far apart, and contenting themselves with an occasional "hallo, Brierly,':"and with peering into the open ings through which they could see the lake shore as they passed along. A little further on, however, a bit of rising ground cut off all sight of the lake for a short distance. It was an oblong mound, so shapely, so evenly propor tioned that it had become known as the Indian Mlound, and was believed to have been the work of the aborigines, a prehis toric fortification, or burial place. As they came opposite this mound the man Hopkins stopped, saying " Hadn't a couple of us fellers better go round the mound on t'other side ? Course, if he's on the bank, an' all right, he'd ort to hear us -but--" "Yes," broke in the leader, who had been silent and very grave for some moments. "Go that way, Hopkins, and we'll keep to the road and meet you at the further end of the mound." They separated silently, and for some moments Mr Doran and his companions walked on, still silent, then " We ought to have brought that simpleton along," Doran said, as if medi tating. "The Kramers live only a quar ter of a mile beyond the mound, and it must have been near here-Stop I" He drew his companions back from the track, as a pony's head appeared around a curve of the road; and then, as a black shetland and low phaeton came in sight, he stepped forward again, and took off his hat. He was squarely in the middle of the road, and the lady in the little phaeton pulled up her pony and met his gaze with a look of mute inquiry. She was a small, fair woman, with pale, regular features and large blue eyes. She was dressed in mourning, and,'beyond a doubt, was not'a native of Glenville. "Excuse my haste, ma'am," said Doran, coming to the side of the phae: ton. "I'm James Doran, owner of.the stable where this horse belongs, and we are out in search of our schoolmaster. Have you seen a tall young man along this road anywhere 7" The lady was silent a moment, then "Was he a fair young man 7" she asked, slowly. "Yes, tall and fair." The lady gathered up her reins. "I passed such a person," she said. "when I drove out of town shortly after breakfast. He was going south, as I was. It must have been somewhere not far from this place." " And-did you see his face 7" " No; the pony was fresh then, and I was intent upon him." She lifted the reins, and then turned as if to speak again when the man who had been a silent witness of the little dia logue came a step nearer. " I s'pose you haven't heard any noise -a pistol shot-nor anythin' like that, have ye, ma'am i" " Mercy ! No, indeed I Why, what has happened F" Before either could answer, there came a shout from the direction of the lake shore. "Doran, come-quick !" They were directly opposite the mound, at its central or highest pointt, and, turn ing swiftly, James Doran saw the man Hopkins at the top of it, waving his arms frantically. " Is he found 1" called Doran, moving toward him. "Yes. ' He's hurt !" With the words fopkins disappeared behind the knoll, but Doran was near enough to see that the man's face was scared and pale. He turned and called sharply to the lady, who had taken up her whip and was driving on. " Madam, stop. There's a man hurt. Wait there a moment ; we may needyour horse." The last words were uttered as he ran up the mound, his companions close at his heels. And the lady checked. the willing pony once more, with a look half reluctant, wholly troubled. "What a position." she said to herself, impatiently. "These villagers are not diffident, upon my word." A few moments only had passed when approaching footsteps and the sound of quick panting breaths caused her to turn her :head, and she saw James Doran running swiftly toward her, pale faced, and too full of anxiety to be observant of the courtesies. "You must let me drive back to town with you, madam," he panted, springing into the little vehicle with a force that tried its springs and wrought havoc with the voluminous folds of the lady's gown. We must have the doctor, and--the coroner, too, I fear-at once I" He put out his hands for the reins, but she anticipated the movement and struck the pony a sharp and sudden blow that sent him galloping townward at the top of his speed, the reins still in. her two small, perfectly-gloved hands. * For a few moments no word was spoken; then, without turning her eyes from the road, she asked " What is it ?" "Death, I'm afraid I" "What! Not suicide ?" "Never. An accident, of course." "How horrible l" The small hands tightened their grasp upon the reins, and no other word was spoken until they were passing the school-house, when she asked- " Who was it l" "Charles Brierly, our head teacher and a good man." : Miss Grant was standing at one of the front windows and she leaned anxiously out as the little trap darted past. " We can't stop," said Doran, as much to himself as to his companion. "Imust have the pony, ma'am. Where can I leave you I" "Anywhere hero. Is there anything any message I can deliver? I am a stranger, but I understand the need of haste. Ought not those pupils to besent home?" He put his hand upon the reins "Stop him," he said. "You are quick to think, madam. Will you take a message to the school-house-to Miss Grant F" "Surely." They had passed the school-house and as the pony stopped Doran sprang out and offered his hand, which she scarcely touched in alighting. " What shall I say I" she asked as she sprang down. "See Miss Grant. Tell herprivately that Mr Brierly has met with an accident, and that.the children must be sent home quietly and at once. At once, mind." "I understand." She turned away with aquick, nervous movement, but he stopped her. "One moment. Your name, please . Your evidence may be wanted." "By whom I" "By the coroner.; to corroborate our story." ' " I see. I am Mrs Jamieson; at the Glenville House." She turned from him with the last word, and walked swiftly back toward the school-house. Hilda Grant was still at the window. She had made no attempt to listen to recitations, or even to call the roll ; and she hastened out, at sight of the black robed figure entering the school-yard, her big grey eyes full of the question her lips refused to frame. They met at the foot of the steps, and Mrs Jamieson spoke at once, as if in reply to the wordless inquiry in the other's face. " I am Mrs Jamieson," she said, speak ing low, mindful ot .the curious faces peering out from two windows, on either side of the open door. "I was stopped by Mr-" "Mr Doran `" "Yes. He wished me to tell you that the teacher, Mr--" "Brierly ?" " Yes ; that he has met with an acci dent ; and that you had better close the school, and send" the children home quietly, and at ,once." "Oh I" Suddenly the woman's small figure swayed; she threw out a, hand as if for support and, before the half-dazed girl before her could reach her, she sank weakly upon the lowest step. "Oh I" she sighed again. "I did not realise- -I believe I am frightened!" And then, as Miss Grant bent over her, she added weakly : "Don't mind me. I-I'll rest here a moment. Send away your pupils; I only need rest." When the wondering children had passed out from the school- rooms, and were scattering in slow-moving eagerly talking groups, Hilda Grant stood for a moment beside her desk, rigid and with all the anguish of her soul revealed, in this instant of solitude, upon her face. ' "He is dead [" she murmured. "'T know it, I feel it ! He is dead." Her voice, even to herself, sounded hard and strange. She lifted a cold hand to her eyes, but there were no tears there; and then suddenly she remembered her guest. A moment later, Mrs Jamieson, walk ing weakly up the steps, met her coming from the school room with a glass of water in her hand, which she proffered silently. The stranger drank it eagerly. "Thank you," she said. " It is what I need. May I come inside for a little ?" Bilda led the way in silence, and, when her visitor was seated, came and sat down opposite her. " Will you tell me- what..you can i" she asked hesi tatingly. "Willingly. Only it is so little. I have been for some time a guest at the Glenville House seeking to recover here in your pure air and country quiet, from the effects of sorrow and a long illness. I have driven about these hills and along the lake shore almost daily." "I have seen you," said Hilda, "as you drove past more than once." "And did you see me this morning " c No." "Still, I passed. this spot at eight o'clock; I think, perhaps, earlier. My physician has cautioned me against long drives, and this morning I did not go quite' so far as usual, because yesterday I went too far. I-had turned my pony to ward home just beyond that pret y mill where the little streams join tbh. lake, and was driving slowly homewar4 when this Mr Doran-is not. that right -this Mr Doran stopped to ask.me if Ili seen a man, a tall, fair man-" " And had you 7" "I told him yes; and in a' rioment some one appeared at the topl. bf the Indian Mound, and called out tiat' the man was found " " How-tell me how ?" Mrs Jamiesoni drew back a little and looked into the girl's face with strange intentness. " I-I fear he was a friend of yours,' she said in a strangely hesitating manner, her eyes swiftly scanning the pale face. "You fear! Why do you fear? Tell me. You say he is injured. Tell me all -the worst !" Still the small, erect, black- clad figure drew back, a look of sudden understanding. and apprehension dawning in her face. She moved her lips, but no sound came from them. "Tell me I" cried the girl again. "In mercy-oh, don't you understand 1" "Yes, I understand now." The lady drew weakly back in the seat. and seemed to be compelling her own eyes and lips to steadiness. "Listen I We must be calm-both of us. I-I am not strong; I dare not give way. Yes, yes ; this is all I can tell you. The man, Mr Doran, asked me to wait in the road with the pony. He came back soon, and said that we must find the doc tor and the coroner at once; there had been an accident, apd the man-the one for whom they searched- was dead, he feared." She sprang suddenly to her feet. " You must not faint. If you do, I i cannot help you; I am not strong enough." "I shall .not faint," replied Hilda Grant, in a hard strange voice, and she, too, arose quickly, and went with straight swift steps through the open.door be tween the two rooms and out of-sight. Mrs Jamieson stood looking after her for a moment, as if in doubt and wonder ; then she put up an unsteady hand and drew down the gauze veil folded back from her close-fitting mourning bonnet. " How strange !" she whispered. " She turns from me as if-and yet I had to tell her Ugh I I cannot stay here alone. I shall break down, too, and I must not. I must not. Here, and alone I" A moment she stood irresolute, then walking slowly she went out of the school-room, down the stone steps, and through the gate, townward, slowly at first, and then her pace increasing, and a look of apprehension growing in her eyes, "Oh," she murmured as she hurried on, "what a horrible morning 1" And then she started hysterically as the shriek of the incoming fast mail train struck her ears. "Oh, how nervous this has made me," she- murmured, and drew a sigh of relief as she paused unsteadily at the door of her hotel. For fully fifteen minutes after Hilda Grant had reached the empty :solitude of her own school-room she stood crouching against the nearest wall, her hands clenched and hanging tight at her side, her eyes fixed on space. Then, with eyes still tearless, hut with dry sobs breaking from her throat, she tottered to her seat before the desk, and lether face fall forward upon her arms, moaning from time to time like some hurt animal, and so heedless of all about her that she did not hear a light step in the hall without, nor the approach of the man who paused im the doorway to.gaze at her in troubled surprise. He was a tall and slender young follow, with a handsome face, an eye clear, frank, and'keen, and a mouth which, but for the moustache which shadowed it, might have been pronounced too strong for beauty. A moment he stood looking with grow ing pity .upon the grieving woman, and then he turned and silently tip-toed across the room and to the: outer door. Standing there he seemed to ponder, and then, softly stopping back to thei vcant platform, he seated himself in the teacher's chair and idly opened the first of the volumes scattered over the desk, smiling as he. read the name, Charles Brierly, written across the fly-leaf. "Poor old Charley," he said to himself, as he closed the book. "I. wonder how he enjoys his pedagogic venture, the absurd fellow," and then by some strange instinct he lifted his eyes to the clock on the opposite wall, and the strangeness of the situation seemed to strike him with sudden force and brought him to his feet. What did it mean I This silent school room ! These empty desks and scattered books! Where were the pupils ? the teachers ? And why was that brown tressed head with its hidden face bowed down in that other room, in an agony of sorrow ? Half a dozen quick strides brought him again to the door of communication, and this time his strong, firm footsteps were heard, and the bowed head lifted itself wearily, and the eyes of the two met, each questioning the other. "I beg your pardon," spoke a rich, strong voice. " May I ask where I shall find Mlr Brierly ?" Slowly, as if fascinated, the girl came towards him, a look almost of terror in her face. " Who are you F" she faltered. ' I am Robert Brierly I had hoped to find my brother here at his post. Will you tell me-" But the sudden cry from her lips checked him, and the pent-up tears burst forth as Hilda Grant, her heart wrung with pity, flung herself down upon the low platform, and sitting there with her face bent upon her sleeves, sobbed out her own sorrow in her heart-break of sympathy for the grief that must soon overwhelm him and strike the happy light from his face. Sobs choked her utterance, and the young man stood near her, uncertain, anxious, and troubled, until from the direction of the town the sound of flying wheels smote their ears, and Hilda sprang to her feet with a sharp cry. "I must tell you; you must bear it as well as I. Hark ! they are going to him; you must go, too !" She turned towards the window, swayed heavily, and was caught in his arms. It was a brief swoon, but, when she opened her eyes and looked about her, the sound of the flying wheels was dying away in the distance. southward. He had found a pail of pure spring water, and applied some of it to her hands and temples with the quickness and ease of a woman, and he now held a glass to her lips. She drank feverishly, put a hand before her eyes, raised herself with an effort, and seemed to strugg'o mutely for self. control. Then she turned towards him. "I am Hilda Grant," she said, bro kenly. " My brother's friend - My sister that is to be !" "No, no; not now. Something has happened. You should have gone with those men-with the doctor. They are going to bring him back.' " Miss Grant, sister I" His hands had closed firmly upon her wrists, and his voice was firm. "You must tell me the worst, quick. Don't seek to spare me; think of him l What is it ?" " He-he went from home early, with his pistol, they say, to shoot at a tar get. He is dead I" "Dead I Charley dead I Quick I Where is he ? I must see, I must.. Oh I there must be some horrible mistake. He sprang towards the door, but she -was before him. "Go' this way. Here is his wheel. Take it. Go south-the lake shore-the Indian Mound." A moment ,later a young man with pallid face, set mouth, and tragic eyes was flying towards the Indian Mound upon a swift wheel, and in the school room, prone upon the- floor, a girl lay in a death-like swoon. (To be Continued). 