IRIGINAL POETRY. THIE CEMETEIY'IRU3H. A LEGE] . (For the WIrTEnN AnRGs.) - When the willy.willy'gathers in te~mpestuous display hound the iron.girded shanty on a scorching summer day, Then thee beersoaked " bumnier" whispers to the new chum standitagnear, IWhispers cf a gruesome mystery. in accents tinaed with fear- Fupplemented by the beer, That his talc of horror drear Wins from the guileless new chum standing by with ready ear. 'Twas a Iinme of eager rivalry-the year need not be told And th6 flat below was crowded in a hurried sclrchhfor gold That was tmcesd in tortuous windirga, going . deeper, deeper down, Till it dipped into the area fcr spooks below the town. 'Scuse me mor dising some, But they must ha' felt it rum 1l' .en tlh'y I truck the golden gutter t'othcr is'!: U.' " . i.do come. i cll.young man, when you're a digger which I hopes you soon will be, iCos you lickers in a manner that is comfort ing and free- You'll know the gates of Hell, ajar-if the gold lies further back Couldn't pass the crowd- of 'diggers pacing o'er the cinuer .track, For the gold get such a grip That they'd gladly miake the trip, And the souls of bygone comrades-they would murmur, "let 'em R.I.P.' Then you'll unhilertsn.d the chances for iih wraiths of melt ?e. knew, Holding midnight conclaves undisturbed were somewhat less than few, And our reasoning assuredly was logical and sharp if we took the gold below 'em, they'd still have the golden harp. And you'd :tbink thby would but feel 'Twas the squarest kind of deal. For golden harps--in or' estaitc--ain't per sonal or real. Thbs the cernet'ry was crowded by a sacri legious plusb, That had cleared the country ten miles square of every kind of bush To make a peg of any sort-crooked, oval, round, or square, . And the pegs was like the summer flies-you knew as they was there, : 'Os we made a living mound: SOn the pegs that we hadfound, There being no accommodation for a man upon the ground. Every digger made objections to his nearest neighbor's claim, And with lurid objurgations said he'd case hita of the same; AntiUthis is where my tale grows sad-where :'he devil took a hand Andlitnt: his'pet brigade to settle titles on thelatid. Posasl"y it w'as his game Which the sequel dhows the .ame-. To 'hint he'd v sied itteicsts' in that par tic'lar claim. Theyr was rulings and objections and the mining law was taught, Till the diggers perspired freely :u the body o' the court At the wealth of legalacun.en-- think they \- call itsuch 'Whieh was throwa in solid junks to keep :the Warden quite'in touch Kinder btr nis legal iles., S rt Mith ie ease eof Sells rce Feggs, Till I doubt If he'd ha' reckertiit,t the plain tifffrom his pegs. Yes, they worried him eternally will see .tions, clauses,Aets Somehow the deiril's pet briga'!e ain't no use -for simple facts And hetried to keep up bravely 'ne:th the everlasting strain, But weikow as when.he started 'tw.·rc tob much for mortal brain. SHe gev us no decision, With eCustoni'ry preelsipo, But babbled to the lawyer men of graves" and scenea. elyrian. le whas harmless in his madness, but he thouught he were a ghost Condemned to nightly wander with a regu lationi post; And to shovel three-fcot trenches at the witching hour of nigbt- llorrot'-ianted by the feeling that his peg gingp waa not might, .Fearfulthlat another ghost :Could -sardonically boast, My ajipplication's granted-wil yeo kindly shift your post ?" lapyyears have passed since that time where he's. gone to I don't know, But"Tat ~ilghFtftalt in 'the graveyard there is ilting to and fro A ilklgrri wliterobed .figure, and- though someosayg~alhow, it's bosh- We knowit's ourtld warden, and he's still looking for the waslh. .And the boyB all took it bad, A.nd l?ave ofnimes murnured sad- " With lesLs~~ ts and more otcommon SeOase, he'diever lhavo been maed." Tis BATTLEB. Kauwnan, January 1. 