Frank Parketer'sMagem [complete in tbis issue.] BY WM, RAYNOR. [copyright, 3 ^ OR AH Bulmer J sat in the par V lour of her L father's house \ at Smartstono \ in Yorkshire. % Before her was \ an open news ' paper whioh ( had been de ujr uiu postman a few minutes pre viously. It was the Wurrywny o (Australia) Mercury, and fhprn win miA paragraph whioh had been marked in red ink, apparently to call Norah's attention to it. DEATHS. HORNGASTliE.— On Snturday. the 8th Sep tember, at Wurrywayo, John Stuart Horn oastle, aged 22 years, of dysoatery, aftor an illness of only two days. Norah stared at the paper with dry eyes, her lips drawn tightly together with an ex pression of inward agony on her face. Then nature cumo to hor relief, and sho sobbed piteously. ' Dead !' sho oried. ' Oh, my poor, poor Jack ! The light of my life is blotted out.' And it seemed as if she spoke truly. Instead of tho brisk, huppy Norah of old, she became as if by the touch of a magician's wand a plodding, careworn young womnn, going about her work in her father's house without heart, and Bimply as a matter of duty and routino. In one short dny she appeared to have aged ten yeurs. , Norah's fathor was a grocer, but his trade was not flourishing. Ho was a shopkeoper of the old Bchool ; competition had arisen whioh he could not cope with ; and that, and an unfortunate tendency on hia purt to drown his cares in the cup that inobriutus, had sent him on tho downward path. By far his largest oreditor was Frank Parketer, a young man of means who had succoeded to a good wholesale grocer's business ; und Frank had fallen hopelessly in love with Norah Balmer — hopelessly, becauso hor heart was already 'given to Jack Horncastlo. Frank, however, was a persistent suitor, and had more than once intimated to old Samuel Balmer that if he could induce his daughter to accept him he would wipe off all his dobts and praotically pension the old man off. To do Mr. Balmer justice, ho had not, hitherto, pressed Norah on the subject. Ho respected her love for Jack, aiid now that Jaok was dead, after allowing time for tho first passionate grief to subside, ho gently put it to her whether she could not bring herself to marry Frank Parketor and savo her old father nnd herself from ruin. Norah did not care what happened to her, and she allowed herself to bo led like a lamb to the slaughter. Frank Parketor's and Norah's tustes did not prove to be in common. Fast, fond of a town life, and a little given to hotting, he soon got tired of his handsome, quiet wifo, and, seeking those pleasures that were con genial to him, ho left her at home to care for their only ohild, a girl, Norah. Mrs. Parketer passively submitted to his nogleot ; and when, after six years of wedded life, her husband diod from the effects of dissipation, leaving his affnirs so involved that she was thrown on tho world almost penniless, she applied herself with quiet fortitude to tho task of ea riling bread for Igirself and hor daughter. As a mother Bhe loved her little Norah dovotcdly, though hor life, so to speak, was buried with Jack Horn castlo. , . . . , . . . » Littlo Norah was 'little' no longer. Although only sixteen she was tall, with a sedate and pensive expression which ggvo her an appearance of being older than sue ijally was. Mrs. Parketer hnd contrived (o keep her daughter and herself by means of her ncedlo, but her. sigh't hud lately been failing, and the dootor told her that she must givo her eyes a completo rest or she wonld vory likely go blind. This seemed impossiblo, hut young Norah had set herself to learn shorthand ana typewriting, and was now trying hard to obtain a situation, so as by her earnings to let hor mother havo the rest she required. Sho answered advertisements nnd eagerly wutclied the postman on his rounds, but disappointment hnd hitherto been her lot. At last, howevor, one morning, there was the nnusual but welcome 'rat-tat.' 'Mother, mother!' she cried. 'I'vegota letter. I am to go and Bee the gentleman this morning. It's at tho 'Australian Wool Agenoy ' in Moorgute street.' ' I pray God yon may be successful, my darling.' ' ' Oh, I am sure I shall get the place,' oried Norah hopefully.' ' I have a presentiment that I shall.' 'Ah, child, presentiments, when they are of good fortnne, are mostly thoughts born of wishes,' replied her mother. 'But let me look at tho letter.' Norah handed hor a typewritten noto. 'Mr. Hornoastle will be glad if Miss Parketer will call upon him to-morrow morning at eleven o'olook.' ' Horncastlo !' murmured Mrs. Parketer. ' How different it would all have been if poor Jaok hnd not died.' 'What did you say, mother?' asked Norah. ' Nothing, my darling. I was only think ing. Tho name of Horncastlo reminded me of someone whom I knew years ago. If the name goes for anything in tho way of good luck,' she added, with a ghost of a smile, ' you ought to be successful. Noruh. anxious not to bo late, arrived in Moorgato street fall ten minutes too soon. Tho youth who was in tho office knew her errand, and tho idea of this tall, ladylike girl being his fellow-clerk was curious to him. He received her witli a strango mixture of shy respect and familiarity. 'Mr. Horncustlo hasn't come yet, miss,' he Buid. 'It's not a market day, you know, and ho's never here before eleven on ' off days.' ' 'Oh, thank yon,' she nnswered timidly. 'I will wait.' 'Here's a chair, miss,' said the olerk, as he shifted one towards her. 'The guvnor's Bure to be here at eleven. He's awfnlly puuotunl.' The ten minutes seemed an age to Norah, but precisely as the clock in the Bank of England clanged out the hour the office door was thrown open, and a fine, broad shouldered, athletio-looking man of about forty years of age, or perhaps a_ littlo more, walked in. He glanced at the girl who was sitting in tho railed-in spaco that did duty for u waiting- room, and, us he did so, his face paled visibly and ho stared at her so fixedly that sho folt quite confused. 'Ah! You'vo culled in answer to my noto, haven't you?' he said, as he noticed hor rising colour. 'I will see you almost immediately — as soon as I have opened my letters.' Tho lettors were few and unimportant that morning, nnd what there were were quickly thrown usido. But Mr. Honicastle eat with his ohin un Lis hand iu dcop thought. . 'Strango!' ho muttered. 'I selected hor letter out of hundreds because of tho name of Norah, and she's tho very imago of my poor Hweetlieurt.' Then ho remembered that tho 'imago' was waiting, and ho called for hor to be shown in. ' Tako a seat, Miss l'arkotor,' ho said, as ho artfully placed a chuir where tho light would fall full upon her. ' You can uBe the typewriter?' Sho was nervous und trembling. ' I have learnt it, sir,' she replied. ' But I 1 — I've not had a situation vet.' . . ? ???,.% 'I see,' he said, smilingly. ''And the idoa of applying for ono flurries you a littlo. Well, now, suppose you take a note of a letter in shorthand and then typo it at the machine, so that I can sco how you manago it. Take your time now. nnd don't he too anxious. I am quite willing to make all flllnWfltlilM fr»r Tim tin tirlrlnrl InnJIw This big, strong gentleman was vory nico and reassuring, Norah thought, nnd it gave her courage. Sho took tho noto from his dictation and typed it absolutely without mistake. ' That's famously dono,' ho said. And ho offered hor a wago which was considerably more than she had expected. ' You can start to-morrow,' ho continued. ' But boforo you go might 1 ask you a fow questions as to yoursolf ?' Norah crimsoned ns sho opened her littlo satohel. ' I quite forgot, sir,' sho answered. 'I havo a letter hero as to my character from our clorgyman and also ono from tho firm that mother has worked for as to our respect ability.' ' I did not mean that,' ho replied, with a wavo of tho hnnd. ' I an/satisfied with you without anything of that sort. But you remind me forcibly of someone else. Where wore you born ?' ine abruptness of the question startled her. ' 'I — I was born at Smartstono in York shire, sir.' 'Vory extraordinary! Very extra ordinary !' he exclaimed. 'Have you any one of the name of Bntmur in your family ?' 'My mother's maiden namo whs Balmer,' she said. 'It's strango,' he cried. 'I thought that I knew every family .in Smartstone, und yet I only knew one Balmer. Samuel Balmer, the grocer.' ' He was my grandfather, sir. I recqlleot him well. , Ho died when I was six years old, just before my own father died.' Mr. Horncastlo jumped from his ohair and walked the room exoitcdly. 'Is your mother's name Norah, liko yours ?' he asked. 'Yes, her name's Norah, sir.' 'Then l'vo been w[okodly imposed upon,' hit cried. And, shouting to the youth in tho office, he told him to fetch a cab immediately. Then ho unlocked a safe and took a small packet of newspapers from a drawer. And in less than Half an hopr a cab con taining Mr. Horncastlo and tbo wondering Norah drove up to tho littlo houso at High bury, where sho and hor mother lodged. 'Norah!' 'Jack!' And Mr. Hornoustle's newly-engaged lady olerk was astounded to see her employer seize her mother, ? who started , sobbing hysterically, and clasp her to his bresBt. ' I cannot have you for a olerk, Norah,' said Jack Hornoastle, after he had heard her mother's story, ; ' You must be my daughter instead.' ' But, Jack !' cried Mrs, Parketer. 'I don.'t understand it. Your death was adver tised in the paper.' 'So was yours, my love,' he said. 'I have the old copy of tho Smartstono Chronicle in my pocket, jbook !' And Mrs. Parketer and young Nornh rend the advertisement of the former's death. . 'Yes, it's in that paper,' said Mrs. Parketer. ' But I can swear it wasn't the real Smurtstonc Chronicle , because father took it every weok, nnd — and it's absurd !' ' Someone must have falsified the papers both in Australia nnd in England,' said Jack. Somo villain ? ' 'Hush, Jack,' sho said, gently. 'It must have been Frank. Ho's dead.' And so it proved. Jack met a man in London somo time afterwards who had been at Wurrywayo, and who know a printer in tho newspuper office, a relative of Pnrketer's. On his deathbed this printer hnd confessed to Jack's informant that be hud altered tho type, by arrangement with Parketer, after the regular copies of tho paper had been printed, and hnd inserted a false notice of Jack's death in it. 'It scorned to haunt him in his dying hour,' said tho man. 'Ho told mo all about it, and made ino promise to try and nndn any mischief that might have been dono. But it was so long ago that I thought it hotter not to tako any notice.' ' But how about the Smartstono papor?' queried Jack. ' Oh, of course, Parketer must havo played the same trick thore, too 1 He bribed some body in the office to strike off one fnl--,' print. It would bo easy enough if the paper wasn't stereotyped.' 