THE MYSTERY OP BLAYTH WAYTE HALL, Br MABEL COLLINS, author of "The Prettiest Woman in Warsaw," etc. [Ari. EIGHTS RESERVED.] PART, m. One afternoon Sybil came from ber room, singing a happy song to herself in a low voice-for she was growing well content now that she felt that her task was a possible one-when she saw some- thing which utterly bewildered . and startled her. and scattered all her gaiety. Mrs. Blaythwayte was standing in the balcony which looked into the dining liall. She was standing with her face towards the stairs, evidently listening to Sybil's voice "and waiting for her. As the girl approached her song died away on her lips, for Mrs. Blaythwayte's appearance frightened her. Her face was covered with a dark flush, her hair was all loose and hiing upon her shoul- ders. She advanced a step towards Sybil. "Now. I've got you!" she exclaimed (and her voice seemed strange and thick), " it's yon that is taking my children from me, and keeping them away from mej and poisoning their minds ¡ against me ! Where are they ? I've not seen them since you've been in the house. You must go-pack up and be off! I'll have no one coming between me and my children !" Sybil stood quite sfcill gazing with wide open eyes at the terrible woman before her- So unexpected and unintel- ligible was the scene that she could find nothing to say. She shuddered after- wards in wondering what might, have happened next had not someone inter- fered, but the mysterious, green baize door was suddenly pushed open, Mr. Blaythwayte appeared, and taking his wife's arm in a strong grasp led her away. In a moment both had vanished within the green baize door, and Sybil heard the key turned.- All was perfectly quiet. It seemed as if a bad dream bad come in the night and passed and gone. ' Sbe heard the children's voices and laughter in the hall. They were waiting for lier to go out with them. What a different world was this! After a momemVof sickening wonder and'specu- ' lation she hurried down to ths children, and was as glad to be among them as though slie herself was a child and had been frightened in the dark. All the afternoon the dreadful, inex- plicable memory came to her from time to time amid the children's chatter ; and she was sorry when the nurse took them away to bsd. She kept Ada, the eldest, with her a little longer, for she dreaded j being alone. Ada had began to like being with her ; a kind of friendship had sprung up between them, and glad in- deed was Sybil bf it now If the children had resisted lier efforts and repulsed her, lonely indeed would have been her life in that terrible house with its dark mystary. But the children had begun to love her. :. aud that made-it just bear- able. It was hard to part with Ada when sbe had to go ; and Sybil sat a little while alone in the schoolroom, uu- ! able to give her mind to any definite occupation. After the first evening, Mrs. Blayth- ! wayte being ill, the. schoolroom maid j had brought Sibyl's supper upstairs, saying Mr. Blaythwayte'was not going to dine. . Bútto-night, as - she. sat at the "table trying to read, and unable to do so becausî.of an unwelcome vision that would rise between her and the page, the maid came to her with a-message. Mrs. Blayth wayte was better*- and was coming down jto dinner; she would be pleased if Miss Vane would come down also. Sybil would, have given a good, deal to refuse .011 any excuse ; but a second's thought told lier that this was intended as an apology for the dreadful sçgue of the afternoon, and instinct suggested that Mr Blaythwayte would be there, that he would not let her be alone with . his wife, and that in his presence she would not suffer. She decided to go down, and -went, rather nervously, to dress. Hitherto she had had no need to put on anything but her plain little travelling dress, which she had made herself of plain cheap dark serge. Now she opened out her few little treasures. She possessed one black silk dressait had once been her mother's, in the old days wheu her father lived, and poverty had not graped . them quité so firmly. It had been re- modelled many and many a time, first for the mother and then for Sybil ; buj; nevertheless it made Sybil look well v dressed when'she put it on, and fastened her one little old-fashoned pearl brooch at heir throat. Her slender, girlish, delicate beauty was set off admirably by this quaint simple gown. Sheiad found, a few monthly roses in the garden, which : , ;she had gathered;"she fastened these at ' ber waist, and they ¿just matched the . faint rose-colour which the country air bad brought to her face. The. gong sounded through the bouse and made ber shudder, for it brought back the first dreadful memory of the place---?rhen '. the children made her % prisoner in the dark. But she cheered herself with the thought that they would never do thai again, or anything like it. If she had conquered this first difficulty, might not the other be smoothed away. ; 'fart; sue felt^afraiä of ÎMrs. Blayrowayl«r 3: ' Summoning all her courage, she went down to the morning' room, which she saw was lighted. The Squire, in even- ing dress, in which he looked very hand- some, was standing by the health. He bowed as she came in. His wife was sitting in an armchair; Sybil glanced nervously at ker, not knowing quite what to do. - Mrs. Blaytbwayte was dressed in black velvet, and wore some fine diamonds; her hair had been carefully dressed, and beautiful hail* it was when well arranged. A diamond comb glit- tered in it. She would have looked exceedingly handsome but for the strange appearance in her face. Her eyes were vacant- looking, and her face, which had been so flushed earlier in the day, was now pale, but there was a curious bitchiness on the skin. She had evidently been weeping violently, and Sybil concluded that that was what had made her look so strange^ " I am afraid I was very rude to you, Miss Vane," she said, rising, as Sybil came into the room. "You.must for- give me if I was. I have been ill, and I was not quite myself-and I really do not know what I said. Will you forgive me ?" She spoke in a low voice, and with something of the charming manner which had made her seeui so pleasant on the day of Sybil's arrival. ~ Still she seemed to be repeating a lesson, and her eyes never sought Sybil's face, but re- mained fixed on the ground. "I have forgotten it niygelf," said Sybil, " I am sb sorry you have been ill." The Squire came to the rescue now, and asked her what she and the children had been doing all day Dinner was on the table, and their going into the dining-room helped .tb relieve the awkwardness of the moment. Sybil answered as they walked across the great hall " Mine bas been a daring experiment," sbe said, " but I believe it may succeed. I bave great hopes. The children look on. me as one of themselves now, and-I believe I shall interest them in their lessons before they have any idea what I am doing/' "It is an admirable plan." said Mr. Blaythwayte. " I have no recollection, at any time, of such peaceful days as since you have been bère.'^ " I am afraid my proceedings will seem very undignified," went on Sibyl. ",I really hope you. will not be shocked. 'But the" children do fail so delightfully. into my traps. We bave already had a history lesson and a geography, lesson ; but 'as they were given in the hayvloft justed of the schoolroom, they never suspected it for a moment-" Mr. Blaythwayte laughed out. Evi- dently th¡6 was something very extra- ordinary, for both his wife and the old man-servant, whe was waiting, looked at him in great surprise. \- " And I never let them see any book but a story-book," went on Sybil, " then I give them their lessons as if I were telling stories. They are quite in- terested." "I have no doubt," said Mr. Blayth- wayte. " Anybody would be ! " . His wife -said nothing, but listened, her eyes wandering vacantly sometimes . to Sybil's face. She neither ate uor j drank, although the dinner was «labórate and beautifully cooked and served. Old John took away her untouched plates ] one after the other as a matter of course. ! She eat there like a dress-up doll and would scarcely have seemed to be alive but for an occasional heavy sigh. The others talked on,_and Mr, Blayth- wayte showed himself to be a very good talker. He told Sybil" about the neigh- bourhood and its objects of interest, and suggested that when his wife was j better they should take some long drives j to various points. " The children would ! delight in it." he said, " and I have no doubt you would find some ingenious way of giving them a lesson."' "Oh, yes," answered Sybil, gaily. " I shall become an adept at finding ser- mons in stones !" It was evidently her cue not to notice : Mrs. Blaythwayte's silence and- stränge looks; but it was very dreadful and oppressive in spite of the Squire's pleasantness and his efforts - greater efforts than Sybil at all suspected. But still she knew he was ill at ease, and she looked round her, thinking what a delightful dinner table '. tb is might be. every night, with such a host at the head of it. Bid they ever have any dinner parties, she,wondered ? Oh, . no; Miss Pritchard had specially said there was no society. The dining-room was a thing of beauty, with its oak-panelling, into which pictures were let in here and there-full length portraits, most of them. The roof was so high it was sup- ported by a row of pillars. The balcony, .which she so delighted to look over, was a splendid' piece of carving in old oak. The scene would, perhaps, have beena little sombre but for the quantity of -silver on the table and sideboard, and the rich brilliant flowers. The children had only been able to show her the out- side of the glass-houses, which were one j of the features of Blaythwayte Hall. ' The Squire was a great flower lover, and ; it seemed that he.trusted no one but himself and'the head -gardener with the keys. ' - "How beautiful these are!" said Sybil looking at esóme lovely blooms which were placed lust in front of her. prôna of my bouses. Some day I must show them to you." All the possible pleasures were put off to " some day," and Sybil understood that it meant the day when Mrs. Blayth* wayte would be well enough to come. She was glad when the ceremonious dinner was over, and hoped to escape to her room immediately. Bnt the squire asked her if 6he played. She answered yes, for indeed 6he did play very nicely. He opened the grand piano for her, and asked her with a glance, which she could not refuse. She sat down and played from memory, wandering from one thing to another, following her own fancy and humour, for she felt her audience was content. When she ceased and looked up, she found the Squire sitting.,as if spell-bound, his mournful eyes fixed on her. He rose and thanked her cere- moniously. Looking across at his wife, she saw that Mrs. Blaythwayte was sleeping heavily, her head having propped back in a very uueasy position; She caught sight of the diamond comb which she had admired lying on the carpet. She went and picked it up. " Mrs. Blay ihwayte is very tired," she said. " I had better say good-night." She escaped, and new away to her room like a bird released. The struggle with the children was nothing compared to the ordeal of hav- ing to -meet that strauge woman;. What could be the matter with her? Sybil "was lost in a sea of perplexity. It was evident, whatever might be the difficulties with which she would have to contend, that every effort would be made to keep her. So far as was possible her path would bc smoothed. She felt a great confidence in the dark, stern master of the house. She saw that he fully appreciated both her difficulties and her determination to overcome them, and that he would give her every assist- ance. This was a great help. The uext day Mrs.. Blaythwayte made her appearance at lunch-time, and was perfectly calm and composed, and very pleasant in her manner-just as she had been when ehe received Sybil on ber arrival. She was inclined to be talka- tive, and her husband said but little, only joining in when necessary. The children seemed to look upon ber almost as a. stranger; and Ada had a little way of correcting her and speak- ing to her in a disapproving tone, which seemed to Sybil very odd. She contra- dicted her mother in a way quite new tb Sybil, who bad drawn out the "best part 'of the child's nature They could not agree about something that bad happened the day before, and at last Ada said rudely, '-'.Ob,you couldn't kuow motlier-you bad one of your silly fits on." ' 'No one took any notice of this speech. Mi's. Blaythwayte became more quiet afterwards, Sybil noticed. Later in the day Sybil took Ada to task about it, and; told her she out not to speak in that way to her mother when she had been ill. Ada laughed. " 111 ! " she said, "she has not been ill. She has only been silly She gets so. sometimes-very often now-and then father locks her up. She'll be silly again to-night, I know, by the way she looks." Sybil could say nothing. She was .horrified at the child's manner, her con- temptuous tone,' aod quite mystified by her words. It seemed as if Ada's prophecy was correct, for that night there was no dinner. After the children had gone to bed the schoolroom maid brought Sybil a tray, aod when she came into the room, ¡ said something which quite startled her. " Mi's. Blaythwayte's raging about to-night, and the Squire's out. I'd lock this^dooi', miss, tillite conies in, if I was you. -Til let you know when he comes. She's got a spite against you -she always has against the governesses. Shell do you an injury some day when she's like this if you don't take care." Sybil turned a white face on the girl. "Mary," she said, "tell me is Mr. Blaythwayte mad ?" " Lor, no, miss. She will be though, soon, if she goes on as she is now. Can't you see, miss, what it is? Why, she drinks." Sybil Btai'ed at ber ia amazement. Such a condition of things, such a possi- bility, was absolutely new-to her. She hai'dly understood the words. She had heard of people drinking, of course, and read about it in the papers ; but she had always associated it with common men and roughs, and women from the East End. That a refined, rich and beautiful woman, with a home like this, a husband and children worthy of all lore, could drink in that sense was unintelligible to her. " Oh, it isn't «possible !" she ' said. " You must be mistaken, Mary."' "It's true enough, Mt6s; everybody knows it. I've been here over a year, and old John has been with the Squire since he was a boy, and be has seen it all. She was a beauty when she mar- ried, so John says-not ten years ago yet, Miss, when she, was a ghi of eighteen ; she was that handsome every- one turned to look at her And now she might be an old woman, she's so spoiled herself. And she's had everything any- body could look for; she is rich herself, Miss, very rich. That's the worst of ib, I think. She is BO independent of every- one. And now she seems to have lost all interest in what people think, or say, or anything else." j " Oh, how dreadf ul 1" said Sybil. « It really doesn't seen possible I" 1 is trae or not. It's "terrible: for the Squire ; a better master never lived. He's altered very much, even in my: time, and many people think him hard and cold. He is very severe, it's true, if he finds anyone getting Mrs. Blayth wayfce what she wants. For the cellar's locked up, and he keeps the keys, and how she gets it nobody knows. But she does. She is as cunning as can be. She's taken a spite against you because you don't look the sort to help her j she always does then. I don't wonder the young ladies think it's less trouble to frighten the governessess away at the first start off, for they never stay long enough to be of any good. If they dont get scared and go, either the Squire or the mistress has always got rid of them pretty quick. The nice ones the mistress hates, and the others ! -well-I've seen one old wretch who came -here, aud just made herself Mra. Blaythwayte's servant, and fetched her all she wanted from town, and drank with her too-but she never lost her head I can tell you, for though the Squire sent her off in a week, she had got a nice little purse mads .up, and two of Mrs. Blaythwayte's big diamond rings that she took from her fingers one night when the mistress did not know what she was doing." " Oh, don't tell me any more," cried Sybil, who was quite white with horror' and disgust. "Gan nothing be döneP Something ouqht to be done. Oh, poor woman, how perfectly dreadful! And she might lie so happy !" " Ah, that she might, but it's no use, the habit's got hold of her. 1 believe the Squire's sent for her brother to come and stay ; the housekeeper lias orders to get a room ready for him. That means something of the. kind, I expect ; for Mr. Atherton has never been fond of visiting here ; and the Squire never liked Mrs. Blaythwayte's family, so John says. They are all very fast gentlemen, and Mrs. Blaythwayte lived among bad influences when she was a girl, so I suppose thats some excuse for her. There's a great deal in bringing up D.o, miss, sit down and hare jour supper, you look like a ghost." And, indeed, she did, standing there transfixed, gazing at the servant, with wide-open, incredulous, horrified eyes, and ber face quite white. "Yes-I feel sick," said Sybil. " Well, miss, I think the gloom of this house is enough to make anyone feel queer. I'm determined to stay for a years character, but I'll go then.. Per- haps it'll be a little brighter with a visitor in the house. I assure you, miss, such a thing hasn't happened before since I've been here as for anyone to come. Their's the door bell-that's the Squire-now you needn't be nervous, miss." The, girl went away, and Sybil guessed that she had gossiped on partly out of good nature, not liking to leave her alone after giving her such an alarming warn- ing. Quite sick and faint Sybil went to her room, not caring for supper or anything else ; her books would not amuse her, with her mind so full of this dreadful picture. Her sleep was haunted by it that night, and she was restless and wakeful. She had suffered poverty and anxiety, but had never yet come in contact with the evil that is in the world. This was her first experience of it, and it filled her with horror and dismay. Glad was she in the morning to take up her tasks with the children. How easy these seemed !-how natural and gay-her life with them. She was con- soled a little by the consciousness - she had that the Squire,placed implicit con- fidence in her, and *had done from the first moment he had seen ber. He was quite at' ease about the children now that they were in her charge. She was glad of this, for she realised now what his words meant, which at the time seemed so unintelligible-she saw that they were not born of a morose or angry spirit, but were the cry of a broken heart, called forth by the pain oi-- a ruined, blighted life, a devasted home. Sybil looked at the beautiful house, and tiie wide green park, and sighed as she thought what the mistress , of such a home should be-loved by husband and children, a Lady Bountiful auioug her people, looked up to and admired by everyone. And what was sher1 With the power put into her hands to make so many lives brighter and happier, all that she did was to wreck her own aud those nearest to lier, and look at the large world outside with sullen, indifferent eyes Sybil was Eitting in what she herself considered a very undignified place while thinking these sad thoughts ; and that was in the children's favourite loft. Here they had retired to spend a part of the morning in what the children culled "storytelling," but which was really lessons, cleverly disguised, which were swallowed by^ them as innocently as pills are taken iu jam. The only way to get any light into this .loft was to open -wide the door through which they entered ; so Sybil, as she sat in their midst and listened to their reading, was able to let her eyes wander over the picture formed by the park and the house. {To be concluded.) 