Maggie's Wooing. [By RKAY MACKAY, in the Glasgow Weekly Herald.] " Won't you listen to me, Maggie ? ' "You know I don't like to be called Maggie. Call me Rita," she said, for sho bad been two years at a fashionable London boarding school, where Maggies are unknown " Well, Rita, then - although il does seem strange to call you so when I have known you as Maggie ever since you were a toddling wee thing." ."Yes; but you see I am not a wee toddlings thing now, and both ] and my name have changed since those days," said the girl, with s slight curl of the Hp and a toss ol her pretty head. / John Aikman looked at her with a sigh. He loved this girl all his life at least, ever since the time when; a small boy. of seven, he had found her, a little child, wandering in the plantation that adjoined his father's garden. She had lost her- self, and was crying Mother, mother," in a pitiful voice, her little form shaken with sobs, for she thought every moment that a wild beast or a bogie would spring out upon her from the dark shadow oi the fir trees. He comforted her and reassured her, dried her.eyes with a rather grimy pocket-handkerchief, popped ; into her mouth a lump of toffee, which hàd just been on its way to his own, and then, sticky but silent, he led her home in triumph. Ever since that night he had been her self-constituted knight and slave. Everything he got he shared with her, and ho always gave her the biggest share. In every diffi- culty and trouble Maggie went to John. He fought her battles, he helped her with her lessons, he dug and weeded her little plot of garden, he read to her and told her stories, making them up as he went along, and when she grew a little older he wrote poems about her. . Maggie took it all as her right, for she was accustomed to homage! being an only child and the spoilt darling of her parents. , ' She was fond of John, too, and when she was a little child she often told him she was going to marry him when she grew up. She . cer- tainly preferred him as a companion to any other boy in the sleepy little Scotch town where they lived, or to any girl either '; but then* the choice was not largo. '.. ';' '? "-. j When John was fourteen he was sent away td school: and after that to college,' so .that fdr aThumber of years Maggie saw him only in the holidays. At first on these arrivals she used to lift her little face td-be! kissed, hut as years went on that habit was somehow- given up, and he generally called out ''Hullo, bid chap," just as his college chums used to do, and then ran forward, holding out her hands. . What glorious times they had in these holidays 1 When they wanted one, another, they never thought of making use of bells and knockers, but simply went to the garden wall and gave that particular whistle, the meaning of which each knew so well. Then a curly head or a cropped one, as the case might be, was thrust from an upper window, and without waste of words an árrangement was made for golf, tennis, walking, or " biking." Maggie's parents and John's father were friends of many years standing, and looked on smiling at the close friendship of their children. They, even hoped that it would some day end in marriage. Mr. Stuart, the banker, might certainly have looked higher tor his daughter's future, for, besides being very pretty, Maggie had expectations of a nice little fortune. But the banker and his wife were ready to sacrifice a food deal to keep Maggie near them, .nd, it was clear, ir she married John Aikman, she -need never go further away than the house on the other side or the garden wall. J ohn, as they, well knew, was to settle down as. his father's, assistant and partner, as soon as he had taken his M.B. " Yes, ray boy," the old doctor would say with a knowing look, " when you have "got your degree, you i may, whenever you* like, look out for a wife. This big house wants a mistress, and I don t think she'll object to your old father still occupying a couple of rooms in it. He knew that his son's heart was set upon Maggie, and that little Maggie was almost as fond bf him as of John himself. But,"according to tho adage, the course oE true love never runs smooth, and no exception was to be made in favour of John and Maggie. When Maggie was 15, a rich aunt came to" visit the family, and per- suaded her parents to send her to school in London. After that the old lady took hor to Paris fdr a year. There Maggie learned to sing and to speak French ; she was taken fre- quently to the opera, to concerts, and to picture galleries. ' She saw a good deal of gay society, and had her little head almost completely turned by tho admiration she met with. At length, a "finished " young lady, she returned to her home in the sleepy little old-fashioned Scotch town where she was born. . Meanwhile, John had been working very hard (for had he not an object to work for ?) He had just taken his degree, and was on his way home to become his father's assistant, and to ask Maggie Stuart to be his wife. His heart beat fast as the omnibus travelled along the old familiar road. It was long since he had seen Mag- gie, and he thought only of tho little figure with the curls about her face, who for so many years had welcomed him on his arrival from school and college. When the omnibus drew up he looked out eagerly, expecting to see hor as bofore, standing at the gate. But no Maggie was there, only old «Kirsty at the doctor's dining-room window, and a moment later at the front door. John's heart sank low, but leapt up again as-Kirsty handed him a note, lt was from Maggie, and very friendly; welcoming him home, and asking him to como and see her as soon aa he could, Tho impulsive young fellow rushed off there and then, without a thought but that he was going to see the girl he loved. Now, it may be said that not one oven of John's best friends could call him good-looking. To begin with, he was short in stature, a drawback for a man, although ho had breadth of shoulder and was strongly built ; then his features were unattractive, notwithstanding his kind grey eyes, and a well formed head. But what young girl looks at the shape of a man's head ? And, if the truth must be told, his hair was red, not auburn, but un- compromisingly carroty, and poor John Aikman, who had no eye for colour, usually^ wore a bright blue necktie. Certainly he did not know how to dress ; on this afternoon he was wearing a suit of badly-fitting, dingy brown, so what with his ill assorted garments, his blue necktie, and the dust that had adhered to him on the journey, he presented no very prepossessing appearance as he en- tered the banker's drawing-room. He was taken aback, too, and stopped short on the threshold, for there was a roomful of people, or so it' seemed to John, though, in reality, there were only some half-dozen young friends ot Maggie's who had dropped in to afternoon tea. The young doctor was on the point of awkwardly backing out again, when a slim figure in a wonderful, flow- ing garment, which in after days he knew to be a tea-gown, came gliding forward with outstretched hands. "How do you do, John? lam so pleased to see you again, and glad you were able.to come in so soon; you are just in time for a cup of tea ; come and "sit here." It was Maggie, but yet a different Maggie from her he formerly knewj with thei rough serge dress and the tumbled curls, and the "Hallo, old chap ; how are you ?" - lt was a singularly pretty and fashionable young lady, with a fine English accent, a perfectly self-possessed manner, and a wonderful command of lively small talk. / Embarrassment came to crown his other deficiencies, for John was shy in the presence of ladies, being quité uriusea to them : he blushed till'.his face assumed the tint of his hair* and mumbled something about " not knowing there was company."^ "\ i But Maggie assured him it was only his old friends, Tom and Lizzie M'Donald, the minister's ! son and daughter, and two of her own school friends, Muriel and Evelyn Percival and their brother Reginald. Then she presented him to each of them, telling him at the same time that her friends, the Percivals, had taken Hillfoot, a neighbouring country house, .for six months, partly to see that part of Scotland, and partly for the. sake of being near her. The Miss Percivals were two tall, elegant girls who looked at John in a way that made him feel more conscious of his deficiencies. The brother Reginald was a remarkably hand- some young giant, an Oxford under- graduate, who hovered about Maggie, paying her every attention, and snowing for her an undisguised admiration, that chafed John Aik- man inwardly, but left him helpless. Maggie's new friends called her "Rita, dear," and "Rita, darling," Rita being, as John was afterwards told, the correct abbreviation- of Margaret. I He was sitting with a mixed feel- ing of anger and awkwardness, fumbling with his teacup, when good-natured Lizzie M'Donald came over and spoke to him, making him feel more at his ease. If his heart had been free, he might have fallen in loyo with Lizzie thére and then, for she was a kind-hearted, sensible girl, one in a thousand, but John had loved Maggie all his life, first with the love he would have lavished on a mother and sisters, had he been blessed with them, and now with the love a true man feels for a woman he longs to make his wife.^ He felt, however, that he was making a bad impression, so he soon took his leave. Meanwhile Maggie was thinking what a poor figure her old friend i had cut beside the handsome, self possessed young Oxonian. " I should not mind his-plain face, if only he - were more like a man," she said to herself,' recalling with annoyance his blushes and mauvais.j honte. -?>.'.-? I She would not have so accused him had she soon him at . that moment. For as John turned in at his father's gate a boy came run- ning thither breathless with news of a disaster. . Ten minutes later the young doctor was leaning over a frightfully injured and disfigured human form. Quietly and unflinchingly he set to work to dress the wounds, and when'his ¡ father arrived an hour later, there I was nothing left for hirn^to suggest or to do. All night long John sat by the man's bed-side in the humble cottage fighting with death. When his father came again in . £he morn- ing, he looked at his plain-looking son with something more than paternal affection, and as he sent him home for breakfast and a bath, he whispered in his ear, " I couldn't have done it so well myself, John. You've saved tho poor man's life, and I'm proud of you." But pretty, silly Maggie did not know this ; her thoughts were only of her lover, shy and awkward and badly dressed ; and such a poor figure in company. She wished he was less bumble and more assertive. If he really loved her and wanted to marry her, she confessed to herself, she would like to see some manly courage in his wooing. Three months had gone past, and John had not yet plainly asked Maggie to be his wife. Whenever be had a chance of speaking to her, that great fellow, Reginald Percival, was sure to appear, or one of his stuck-up sisters with their everlast- ing " Rita darling " ; or, more fre- quently, Maggie herself, when he would, be serious, jturned Jjjrn aside with a joke, and John, humble and proud at the same time, took her remarks as a rebuff. One afternoon, however, he re- solved to speak out, and once for all to know his fate. The party were walking together in a lonely glen among the hills, following the side of a rumbling burn. By some lucky chance, Reginald had . gone on in front with Tom and Lizzie M'Donald, and his sisters were not there. This glen had been a well-known haunt of John and Maggie. They had fished in the burn and paddled in it together ; they had- swung on the trees that overhung its banks, and roamed the hills around. They had now come to a streamlet that crossed the path on its way to the burn, and John looked at her as she stood there. She wore a pale blue dress, and she carried a scarlet parasol ; above her pretty face was a big Parisian hat, with a marvel- lous combination of colours upon it ; she had caught up the skirt of her dress that it might ' not get wet, showing a wonderful underskirt, ono of those " confections " of the Louvre, all laco and embroidery and little frills. As John gave her his hand to help her across, she put out the neatest little foot in the world, encased in a French shoe and an open-worked stocking. John was struck by the difference between Maggie's*style of costume and- that of Lizzie M'Donald, whom he saw just disappearing behind a 'big boulder in front. Lizzie was dressed in orthodox English fashion - a short skirt, a fresh cotton blouse, a. neat sailor hat, and strong boots. She was a bonnie girl, too, and John could not help feeling that she contrasted favourably with Maggie for a coun- try ramble. Besides, his doctor's eye took note that those little French shoes were too high in the heel for comfort, and that Maggie's slim waist was even slimmer than it ought to be. .But Maggie was Maggie, and John was in love with .her. .-. -', '. As soon as they had crossed he made a" fresh attempt to press his point. ; But, alas ! he went about it in the wrong way. He told her that he' had always loved her, that he loved her now, but he knew that he was not worthy of her, and he was even: so humble as to say he could Suite understand her not loving him. ohn's meekness roused her anger, for what woman loves such a woo- ing? Partly to hide her confusion, partly for reproof, and partly to minister to the little demon of mis- chief that lurked in her bosom, she turned from her lover and called on her dog,." Prince, Prince ! where is Prince ! Come then, good dog ! " ?? John was nettled in his turn. "I see," he said bitterly, "that I have made a mistako in dreaming, that you might ever love mo, You care more for your dog than yoti do for me. But I shall not trouble you again, and perhaps you will excuse my leaving you now. . I.see the others returning, so you will Hot be left alone. Good-by." And.he was gone without another word, leaving Maggie staring after him, not a little astonished. -, -j Half-ah-hour later John was in his father's room. ... ^ ,, . ,.'¡ "Father," he said, ''you must look out for another assistant,,I cannot stay in this place any longer." ' . The doctor looked at. his son with a troubled countenance.! - ." Oh, my boy, has it come to that ?.. Are you sure you are not: máking a- mis- take,?"- :'. .7 .. ^^'Xf .;' .-Ut!î i " Quite sure," said John; decidedly. " Maggie will never care ¡for me¿ so theres nothing for me but to go." \ His father, did not try to dissuade him ;. he knew John too well. He only said sadly,, " Well, you know best, but it is a terrible disappoint- ment. I did think you would marry Maggie, and that I was going >to keep you beside me for the rest of my life ; and ray. life has been . a lonely one, John.' -, : ; : .,'? _. [ Poor father 1" said"-John, I wouldn't leave you if I could help it', but it's more than I could ' bear to stand by and see her carried off by that fool Percival - , Let me ;go, at least for a time." I can get a post' as doctor on board a ship, and before I return I may have got over it, or she may be Mrs. Percival and far away,'' added the young mau with a hard laugh. s.^-. :' So John went. Meanwhile Maggie, thinking he was still near her, looked for him - longingly day after day, expecting him to come and make it up, and renew the pleading he had begun/ in the glen. But John did not come. There- came, however, the handsome, self-satisfied young Oxonian, who, with much confident assurance, asked her to become his wife. To his astonishment, Maggie gave him rather a curt refusal, and when he persisted, thinking it was only one of her coquettish little ways, she at last grew angry, and told him it was unmanly of him to insist. Thereupon he turned on her, and said it had been unwomanly of her to lead him on so far when she never loved him. Tho next day the sisters called and made quite a sceâe, telling Maggie that she was a heartless coquette, and had ruined their brothers life. So that friendship came to an end. After the Percivals had left the neighbourhood, Maggie felt very miserable, her conscience not being blameless. One day, as she strolled in the garden, she saw old Dr. Aikman at his front gate, and went to him. She thought him unusually out of spirits. Presently she said, with rather a guilty blush "?What has become of John? He has not been to see us for an age." The doctor glanced at her sharply. "Didn't you know that he had left?" "Left!" said Maggie, the colour slowly. ebbing out of her face. " Where has he gone ? " He has gone as surgeon on board the Kinaldie, bound for Japan. He has taken the place of his friend Dr. M'Kenzie, who comes here as my assistant to- morrow. It was all very hurriedly arranged. Maggie stood as if petrified; she then turned without a word and walked slowly back to the house. As winter drew on, people noticed that the banker's pretty daughter did not look as well as when she first returned home, and that her high spirits had forsaken her. One evening when the old doctor was playing a rubber at the banker's, with Maggie for his partner, a tele- gram 'was brought to him. As he read it his face was terrible to look at. Without a word, he handed it to Maggie's father. The jovial banker uttered a horrified exclamation, and let it fall on the table. It fell right in front of Maggie ; the contents mot her eye :-" Kinaldie wrecked off Japanese coast; all supposed lost." The banker and his wife were concerned for the doctor, when there was a sudden noise. Maggie had fainted and fallen on the floor. The old doctor put,aside his own grief to attend to her. It was more than a faint. They carried her insensible to bed. Sp severe had tho shock been that for days and weeks she hovered between life and death. But she did not die. Yputh and a good constitution, combined with the doctor's skill and care, pulled her through. When summer came she was able to go out again, though a mere shadow of her former self. Her, parents wished to take : her abroad; thinking a change of scene and climate would do her good. But Maggie refused to go. She would not leave,the old doctor ; to:him she fondly clung. Later in,the year, and on a balmy evening, a young man was seen walking with hasty strides along the shady road leading to Dr. Aikman's house. Ho vvas short of stature, but well built; his face was burnt almost to a copper colour ; his clothes were of a peculiar foreign fashion. As he neared the doctor's house he. hesi- tated and looked about, as if afraid to go farther. His eyes wandered to and rested on the large handsome house next to the doctor's; and so intent was his gaze that he did not notice ; in the fading light a slim figure standing at the gate. ; j It was Maggie,: who was there waiting for the. old doctor; just as she used to wait for John, f She was pretty as ever, though 'her cheek was pale, and the; hand that leant on the gate was very thin. ,, She wore no fine Parisian costume this evening,, but a plain white woollen frock ; and the wind was tossing her curls. ?? ? '?;:.; : ^ \ ? Hearing the sound of footsteps she looked up eagerly. It was not the dpctor, however, but a young man, a stranger, and Maggie drew back under the shadow of the elm tree. .Yet she watched him with a curious fascination. As he approached her, her heart leapt up wildly and* then stood still, while she clutched the gate post to keep herself frpni falling; for the man she saw was John Aikman, whom they had mourned as dead. : But'there was nothing ghost-like about this muscular, bronzed, young fellow ; and when he. came close to her, Maggie moved quickly forward, crying-" John, John ! " stopped, his face full of a passionate longing, yet seemingly uncertain what to do ; but when he saw her hands stretched out to him so imploringly, he gave one glad cry of Maggie ! " and in another moment she was clasped in his arms. And this time she did not tell jhim to call her " Rita," but was Maggie to him to the end of her days. man started, and 