AMUSEMENTS. MR. WILSON BARRETT AS HAMLET. Sir. Wilson Barrett's Hamlet did not satisfy expectation. Possibly tlie sultry, oppressive weather reduced the lnrge audi ence that assembled in, the Princess's Theatre on Saturday evening to such a con dition as to preclude fervid or enthusiastic views upon nny subject. But making ample allowance for this adverse influence, the solid fnct remains tliat the performance wns a disappointment. Mr. Wilson Barrett's Hamlet is most wanting in breadth; it is unintcllcctual, and only reaches the com monplace level of melodrama. It did not excite; it moved neither to terror nor to lity; it does not take captive the imagine- ion or enchain the feelings; it waslnckingin fire, in vitality, and suffered seriously from stngincss. The sensitive and passionate na ture of the melancholy prince was not depic ted with the necessary force — none of the enthralling soliloquies were given with that subtle power wliich is requisite to save the whole plnv from becoming mere verbiage and Hamlet a sort of modern platitu dinarian. The Hamlet presented by Mr. Wilson Barrett is a young man stricken by overmastering grief for the loss of a dearly loved father. Yet that grief docs not make him unmindful of his personal inseeu- curity and suspicious of everyone, especially of lii's uncle, the new king. So dominant is this idea, wholly unwarranted by tho text, of a hidden impending danger, of a secret lurking foe, tliat Mr. Wilson Barrett makes nilllUCL OUUD ltl> lll» villi Oiumuit, b"w'k" about furtively before uttering some preg nant sentence, and resort to other petty stage tricks which proclaim to the ground lings that thev must not be surprised at the unexpected 'happening at any moment. Hamlet would have been mad indeed hud he acted so before his other ego, Horatio. Surely never was the character presented before in guise so modern and melodramatic, or with a nature so shallow! A power of do. picting passion Mr.Wilson Barrett assuredly possesses, but his voice nevertheless is want ing in those tones of jiathos and of tender ness which command the source of tears. The general cast of the tragedy was nlso mediocre. Miss Maud ' Jeffries as Ophelia was in the earlier scenes wanting in spright- liness and airiness, and the mad scene made it further evident that the compass of her art is reached for the present in domes tic drama. Miss Lillah Macarthy possesses ndmiralilc physical qualifications to repre sent Queen Gertrude, and if her voice wore stronger and more sympathetic the part would suit licr iidmirnbly. Mr. Carter-Ed wards strove hard, and almost succeeded, ill imparting some human interest,to Claudius, one of the despicable and uninteresting characters in the vlioh: Sliakspeavian gab lerv. Laertes and Horatio fared badly, and I'olonius worse. Mr. ,1. F. Cntheart ap peared as the ghost, and Mr. A Manning us the first grave digger. Tlie Wilson Barrett dramatic season closes on Wednesday evening with Vir- ginius. To-night Hamlet is to tie repeated, and for to-morrow evening Othello is an nounced. 