TITANIA. CHAPTER I— (Continued.) 'Hallo, old man. How are you ijutli'JR on? Bather slow work this, iau't it? But, ycu see, it only comes once a y-ar, and poor little Tit would be, awfully dieoppointed if I didn't put in on appearanon,' be siyn, apologetically. ' She's u spoiled child, and I don't liko to cross her.' ' Whut a littlo beauty she ia! uJack, my boy, vnn'll have to look sbarn attor that luterof yours.' '? Pity she's not a few years older, or you a few yoars younger,' be returns, with his easy-going smile. ' Look here, old follow j we eball be able to Blip out of this soon, and we'll (jo and have a quiet cigar, Tbe pater keeps some flrjt-cluaa brands.' I readily assent; for, like Charles Lever's lierj, I'm not over-fond of hard work, That waa always a fault of the Brntlies, Bnl I'd mnke a most Illigant Turk, For I'm fond of tobacco and ladlei. And now Titania and Oberon issue forth from tbo conservatory, followed by a train of elves and fays, gay and airy as a flight of butterflies ; the musicians strike np tbe morry old-Suotch tune ' Weel may tbe keel row,' and I go to claim my little lady for onr echottische. At firat she receives my advances with a chill dignity that would damp the ardour of a less irre pressible swain than niyeelf. But I urn wonder fully patient where tbe ladies are concerned ; and in this inetincu at any rate my patiuncu is re warded, Gradually the dimples come into play, and an explanation ensues, which ends in a perfect reconciliation. ' I like fairy tales,' says Titania, approvingly. Do you know any more P Because you will be abla to tell them to me after dinner, when papa is having his nnp.' Oh ! yes, I know several more, and ghost stories into tho bargain. And nothing would afford me greater hnppinunB than relating them for my little lady's delectation. \ . Then our danco begins, and our conversation . for the time being ceaies. Miss St. Maur is a strict observer of the laws of etiquette. ' And, oh I Bho dances such a way, No buu upon on Enter day Is lull' to tine a night,' Of course my height rendors me rather an angainly partner ; but as it is the ' Highland Schottieoho' that we are dancing, tbe greater part of which is performed en pas sent, we manage ▼ery well, and evidently tho small lady ib not a little proud to be dancing with the tallest man in tho room, oven including Jaok. 'I can't bear dancing with boye, they are so clumsy,' she informs me, bb I escort her to tho re freshment room, to partake of a strawberry ioe. ' Laurie Grey is not so bad, but ho in so shy. He has no conversitinn.' 'Was Laurie Grey your last partnorP' I ask, with bfoming gravity. 'Yes, ho gave ma this beuquet. His papa brought it down from London for him, and he says ho has sent me a beautiful Christmas card. That oame from London, too.' 'And hare you lent him oneP' I inquire, be ginning to suRpeot that in Oberon I havo a formid able rival, in Bpite of hit dofeotive conversational powers. The fleecy golden head takes that little set so wondroualy captivating in its airy grace as its owner answors reprovingly : ' Of couimo not. I don't send boya curds, It wouldn't bo proper.' , , v 'Then my littlu lady is a prude ; and, after all, I may not got my kiss. And I do not. As armin arm we deec:iid the wide oak staircase, a train of littlo couples before nnd behind us, I vent.uro to imecfc the thin edge of tbo wedge by carelessly remarking: ? ' What a Sno bou^h of mistletoe that is hanging up in tho ball ?' 'Isn't it P' responds Titmfa, demurely. 'It is BO full of berriea.' This Bounds encouraging! so I proceed to follow np my advantage. ' What a pity it is that Laurie is io thy 1' MUb St, Maur is highly .soandalizod. ' I never let boys kiBs me.' 'Hot even big boys liko Jaok, for instance- — or mo P' ? Madomoioollo lifts a pair of innocent eyes to my face. .-?--.. ' Jftok is my brother i oo it does not matter,' ahe anawcrfl, evnaively. 'And IP' ' 1— I don't know you we!l enough' — with coy coquetry. ' But that isn't my f^uit | it ia my misfortune,' I say, reproachfully. ' Besides, you know, wo are to be very good friends in future, quite like brother and sister in fact, bo I think you will have to make an exception in my favour.' ' Wi- enn bo good friends without kissing,' is TiUnia'd prim reply, ' I nm quite Huro MisB Phlpps wouldn't approve of it.' ' And who is Miss Phipps P' 'She is my govoinoBn. Of oourso, Ihavo mnetorB for musio.and i.'Vonoh and dancing. I am going to begin German whon I am eleven, Ohrissie Grey loams it, and she is only ten and a half. That is GhrisBto in tho white Tarlatan drcus with silver flfcurs, sitting beaide mamma at the top of tho table j' for by this time wo have roaohed tho dining-room. ' She is not a very nice child. She always wnnfcn to bo first, in everything | aud I feel ftlmngt euro' — dropping hor voioo to a sliookod whiBptir— ' that shuia in love with Jack,' ' Is Jack* in love with her, too P' 'Of onur'so nor. Ho 'flirts .with her) but then Jaok lliitj with ovory pretty girl. And Obriosie is pretty. Don't you think so, Mr. DelafoBso P' ^'Tothouo who admiro dark boauties. I prefer fair.' A littlo Btni!c of gratified vanity shows that my iuinlii'd oamDlimnnt is not thrown away, 'Do you P I liko brown-haired people bost.' I have brown hwir. ' That is to say, gentleman,' '?Poor L'luriol' 'Lunrie!' — with superb disdain, 'He 1b only a boy.' . 'Am I ft boyP' ,- . . 'Oh I nn; you are grown up, You have a aijustachn— a bifig-ir ono than Jnok's.' Wo mo proKMBBlng, my little lady and T, and by tho and of ouppt.T-time arn upon tho-mostj Intimate . tortna. We pull oovoral bon-bono together, and \- -Titunia allnws mo to ndorn hnr dainty bead with a gold-paper crown j and, O joy unspeakable ! sho hoepa thn rnolt^oal But,, with Miss St. Maur, it ia 'Thus fnr.fthult thou ro, and no farther j' for when, in bidding her g.iod-night, I attempt to steal a klBfl, slia flics mo 'with a vacant Btarv,' und, in ttooonts of withoring reproof, eays i 'f You forgt.t, Mr. Dolafois;. I nm nonrly ton yaaW old.' ' ? ,0 thosa ton yoars I What an insurmountablo uttrrlur they nre. Not onon during tha rvlnln of my wook'n sojoura at Ohoiitou 11 nil does my HtUo lady (loBantul from tho pedoBtal upon whloh they havo extUi'd her. Our compaoli of friondBliip has boon ratlflnu li.- t.ho fullest iixtont | andTirnnin line ?even oondcmondiid to acknowledge that aho likes inn ' next bent' to .Took, and that Bho will misn mo 4rei»dfully— or 'dwoadfully,' hb sbo pronounopR it i for my littlo lady han just tho faintest aud ' protliorii BUBpioion of a lisp. Upon tbo day of my dopiiriuro, too, aho presents mo with a tiny gold flonoll- oiuo nut with turquoleos, which I at onoo attach to my watoh-ohain, with a soloran pi-ouiiso to wuor it alwi»yg foi'hor awoetsako. 'And you will oomo again vory soon P ' says Tttaula, with n flitflpiolous tromblo in hor voioo, as in parting I bold hnr tiny hand in mlno, feeling atraUL-oly and at quitilug tho happy old hall. '*Shn)l I P' xi Yob.' «' Yon won't forgob your big frloud, Tlfc P' 11 Ni/'— ovi«r sn Boftly. 'Odiho alonpr, DolafoMO i wo ahall bo lato I ox ^Ultns Jaok, growing imp»tlont, - 11 Good-by, little sweetheart !' And, without asking permission this time, I stoop and press my lips to the fair flotver-fuc?, the fairest upon which they ever have retted, or ever will rest. Like an arrow from a bow, ray littlo lady darts away across tho wide hall and up the dark oak staircase, her fairy feet scarce touching the carppt 1UES BttUI P. ' You have made a conquest, Mr. Delafosse,' laughs her mother. 'Tit ia such a Btrange child. She will never allow any of-tho opposite sex to kiss her, save her pupa or Jack. You may consider yourself highly honoured. Good-by onoa more. You know you must not wait for a formal invita tion ; come down whenever you fell inclined. Now yon will, won't you P ' ' Nothing would afford mo greater pleasure ! I will run down at my earliest opportunity.' And I make the promise in all good faith ; yet seven long years elapse ere I set foot in that hospitable mansion or see my little lady's sweet face- again. (To be continued.) 