BREVITIES. Light winds and fine weather prevailed over, the colony generally this morning. A terrific hurricane has passed over the towiM)f Gudal, doing considerable damage. The mails which left Sydney per R.M.S. Aorangl on October S, arrived in London on November 19. The E. and A. Company's steamer Menmuir leaves Sydney to-morrow at 1 p.m. for Hongkong, via ports. Wm. Thos. Besant, 6%, had his skull crushed under the wiheei of a dray at Wilfoertree, near, Miudgee, yesterday. The mails which left Sydney per the Orient Com pany's R.M.S. Cuzco on October 18' arrived in' London on November 21. A woman named Winifred M'Grath was sentenc ed to three' months' gaol at tae Central this mor ning on a charge of vagrancy. The Borough of Willoughby advertises in ano ther column that proceedings are about to be ta ken for the recovery of all outstanding rates. Our Bombala correspondent wires: Measles and - influenza are becoming prevalent here, many fa milies in town being down with these complaints. At a special meeting of the Temora Borough Council a resolution was carried in favor of divid ing the municipality into three wards instead, ot as at present. We are requested to draw attention to the adver tisement in to-day's issue with reference to moon light excursions to Coogee and Bondi on Thursday, and Friday next. Mr. W. Dymock will address a meeting of the electors of Macquarie Ward, to be held at Hart's Duke of Manchester Hotel, corner of William and Riley streets, to- night. Another fire occurred at Albury yesterday, when Ellis'e eoadtbuilder'is .establishment was destroy ed. The building was owned by Mrs. Roeetta Diivie, of Sydney, and is insured. The public service list just issued shows a grand tctal of 15,587 officers. The salaries amounted to £1,878,559, irrespective of £66,512 in allowances, and £41,558 to cover disbursements. The Carrington Council has forwarded a sub scription list to the Mosman Council, in aid of the fund started to assist the widow and orphans of the late council clerk of Carrington. A bricklayer named Jas. Richards, employed at O'ConneLTs new hotel, Harden, fell from the top scaffolding of the building yesterday morning, and received serious injury to the face and body. Our Forster correspondent wires: — The contrac tors are pushing on witlh the tram lines in connect ticn with the breakwater. The Government eoA giijeer arrived yesterday to lay out the works. Our Wyalong correspondent wires: — A great deal of dissatisfaction is expressed at the delay in starting the new courthouse here, a tender for the erection of which was accepted three months back. . Before Mf. G. H. Smithers, S.M., at the Padding ?ton Police Court yesterday, a man named William Dorovan was fined £1 and costs for having assault ed a Chinaman named ? Gang Lee, on Saturday, last. An inspection of the dairies at Manly has been made by Dr. Armstrong, of the Board of Health, and at last night's meeting of the Manly Council the officer reported that their state was very satis factory. At the Water PoHce Court Robert Elliott, 27, seaman, was sent to gaol for three months on a charge of assaulting Bernhard Lucke, carpenter, of the steamer Friedrich der Grosse, on the night of the 16th. At Cootamundra Sessions yesterday, William Nettleton, charged with forging and uttering, waa sentenced to ndne months. Robt. Coetyn Lane, for stealing 2oz 12dwt of gold, was atteo sentenced to nine months' gaol. Our Bombala correspondent reports that Mr. John Logan, of Aston Station, received a severe wound in the forehead through being kicked by a foal he was trying to catch. Several stitches ? had to be put in the wound. A neglected-looking youngster named Frederick Davis, or Davison, 10, was brought up at the Glebe Police Court yesterday, charged with being an habitual wanderer of the streets. He was or- dered to be sent to the Sobraon. Th Enfield Council is making strenuous efforts to get iii all unpaid rates before the end of the year. At last night's meeting it was stated that over thirty summonses had been issued, and that all other persons in arrears would be similarly treated. At the Balmaic Police Court yesterday, Peter Edmonds pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing eight pigeons, valued at £5, the property of Syd ney Brooks. Edmonds was shown to be an old offender, and was sentenced to three months' im prisonment. On account of illness Miss Ruby Bo wring will not appear at the Pleyel Concert, which is to take place on the Y.M.C.A. Hall to-night. Miss Bowring's place, however, will be filled by Miss Edith O. King, who will sing the ballad, 'Sweet Spell' (Helmund), and the song, 'False or True' (Allitsen.) The Enfield Council has been notified by the De puty-Postmaster-General that it was the intention of the department (if the council had no objection) to erect a letter receiver at the gate of the Western Suburbs Cottage Hospital, to be cleared at 9.30 a.m.. 1.30, aiid 9.30 p.m., and on public holidays at 10.3') p.m. only. . Mr. Nobbs, M.L.A., intends to move in the House that the Government, in addition to provide ingr a special building for the HDrary, to be be queathed to the colony by Mr. D. S. Mitchell, should also take steps to collect and preserve in a fireproof structure all the early records of the public institutions. Our Wollongong correspondent wires: — Chae. Dalby, who accidentally received severe internal injuries whilst pile-driving at the Mount Kemlbla Company's jetty, Port Kemlbla, on Friday last, died in the Wollongong Hospital last night. De ceased, whose cajse was considered hopeless from the first, was 63 years of age. At a recent meeting of the Mosman Council it was resolved to approach ferry companies on the subject of running steamers to Balmoral during the bathing season. An offer has been made to the council by Mr. J. Nelson, of Pearl Bay, offering to rent a wharf. The matter has been referred to the general purposes committee. The Mosman Council last night received a let ter from a ratepayer, stating that he. had been rated fcr a building which had not been wholly erected when the rate was struck. The council, however, expressed the opinion that the house was on the land when the rate was struck, and further decided that it had no power to release the rate. At a recent meeting of the Mosman Council, a correspondent forwarded a complaint .about a fence. The#council decided to ask for moire de finite information, and a reply has now been re ceived, as follows: 'The fence is en the right-hand side of Belmont-street in the first hollow.' The council, in the face of this, wants 'something more definite.' A ghost has for some time been creating a scare at Corrington, near Perth (W.A.). Tlhe other night a number of residents waylaid the ghost, and bailed him up with a revolver. The ghost, which was arrayed in a white sheet with eyelet holes, and decorated with red paint, etc.. surrendered. He received a sound thrashing, and was then libe rated. Mr. Copeland intends asking the Minister for Education on Thursday whether he will 'take into consideration the advisableness of having each of our public schools provided with punkahs, so as to secure a cooler atmosphere and better' ventila- tion during the summer months, such punkahs io be worked by water power where that is available, and in other places to be worked by hand? 'Very rough and precipitous,' was the descrip tion given by Alderman -Harnett of a portion of the Mosman Borough, while advocating the neces sity of having lamps placed in that locality. Al derman Rose didn't object to the work being car ried out, but there were . other parts of the bo rough which had claims. He thought the Gas Company had treated the council rather harshly, and he hoped to see electric light prosper. . A female patient at the Parramatta District Hos pital attempted suicide yesterday. She had been an inmate of the institution for some time, and making her way out yesterday she was unnoticed. She ran down to the Parramatta River, which pas ses close by the hospital, and jumped in. However, the authorities soon had her out, and she was car ried lack to the hospitaTin a very weak condition, and suffering from immersion, but recovered un der treatment. ri . A glassblower named William Liversedge was taken to the Prince Alfred Hospital yesterday af ternoon by Constable Manuel, of the, Bedfern po-' ..lice, suffering from- internal injuries. It appears .that Liiversedge was driving a horse and- sulky along Botany-road, Waterloo, when it collided ?with another vehicle going in the opposite direc tion; He was thrown out, and one of the' wheels of the sulky passed over his -body. Liversedge is 32 years of age, and- resides in William-street, Ncrtli Botany.- - . ' Tattereall's Sandhurst C, 30th Novr., 100,000 at & Care Geo. Adams, Hobart. — 0* _ 