[?] LITERARY GOSSIP. The "Review of Reviews" for December will be found very interesting to all con cerned in the national game by the inclu sion of an article by Prince Ranjitailihji, in which he passes his critical observations on the games played by the English teams in New South Wales and Queensland, in cluding the first test match. There is noth ing said to which the most captions need "take any objection, and the prince is: cor dially appreciative of the character of the play exhibited on both sides. Another Aus- j tralian article is one by Mr. A. P. Canaway on the drafting of a federal constitution, m which he comes to the conclusion that the rejection of the present scheme may not be an unmixed evil. Mr. W. T. Stead , sup plies character sketches of Henry George and the late Duchess of Teck, and also gives an elaborate review of Grant Allen's latest work. "How God Revealed Himself to Man. This is not a hill top novel, but an attempt by scientific theory to provd the evolution of religion. Briefly put, Mr. Grant Allen's idea is that the root idea of religion is always to be found in the belief of spirit return. The first thought which led to the preservation of the corpse was the conviction that its occupant had only flitted for a time. . The second stage was a dread of the dead, which led to the burial of the corpse, and the heaping up over its graves of stones and earth in order to pre- vent the corpse itself from taking its walks abroad. When they burned the dead they took a still more effective method of dispos ing of the peripatetic ghost, but the spirit survived cremation, ana hence the burning was held to be a liberation and release ot the imprisoned soul, which naturally, hav ing advanced to a higher stage of existence, was regarded first with reverence and then with ' worship. Although avowedly the work of an agnostic and a philosophical unbeliever, Mr.; Stead is so struck by the ghost theory that he eulogises the book as a bulwark, of Christianity. By Still Harder Fate, published by Geo. Robertson and Co., is a novel written .by a Melbourne young lady, Miss Lloyd-Tayler, who, in what we may presume to be her initial effort, gives distinct promise...of lite-' rary capacity. The story is weak Tin con struction, but its dialogue is' bright and lively. We should fancy that the author had taken Mrs. Hungerford for her ex ample, and- had striven to reproduce that airy appearance of brilliancy which gives to Phillis and Molly Bawn their special cliarm. The heroine of the tale. Dorothea, or Dollv, is accustomed to describe herself as an ugly duckling, and, as one of a large family of sisters, is not , .allowed to possess an over weening share of vanity. But of course all the admiration comes her way. This is according to what the novelists would call the law of contrasts. She is wooed first by. a most delicious baronet, Sir Humphrey Jeffries, who makes hot love to her, hut de parts without propounding the vital ques tion. Then an elderly admirer comes upon the scene, Sir Everara Ward, and he makes her his wife He carries her off to Eng land and the Continent, where Bhe again meets the youthful baronet. Matrimonial ties make no difference to their capacity of admiration for each other, and although she never absolutely forsakes the path of virtue she is broken hearted when her loyer suc cumbs to tin' unfortunate accident,, and dies to slow music. All this is very flimsy, but the merit of the book, as we have said, lies in the brightness of the dialogue. more experience Miss Lloyd-Tayler. -will be able to do better work. Miss Flora Shaw hns written the third volume of Mr. Kennedy's Story j of the Empire" series, and has contrived to give, in 150 small pages, a most vivid and inte resting picture of ' The Story of Australta. Everybody now knows a good deal about Australia, thanks to three things — -Austra lian cricKet, the jubilee and Miss iShaw s writings. The little handbook aims at re moving some of the universal ignorance of its history- Captain Cook's voyages, tue founding of New South Wales, the origin and early history of all the other colonies, the leap forward in population at the time of the gold discoveries, and the gradual ' building up of the great communities or the Australasia of to-day are succinctly de- scribed. In the late Sirs. Oliphant's 'William Blackwood and Sons," a great publishing house has stepped out of the circle. of pri vacy in which the truly blessed love to j dwell. The two portly volumes, aggregating more than a thousand pages, and illustrated with a few portraits, give the history of one of those dynasties oi "The How' whose modest claim to notice is usually confined to a title page. Yet these are the true ruling fa milies of our age. They have wholly sup planted the ola-fashioned patron, and if aught of condescension now comes in any where, it is rather on the author's side. Such dynasties, are as rare in trade as in empire. There are many Napoleons in the Row, but few founders of Imperial lines. It needs a strange combination and continuity of family gifts to keep the luck iTTT from father to son, and, as in tlr ft. 1 to son a son. The third Blactvo! now reigns in Edinburgh and 1 „ l - grandson of the first, and his el'j pride in his ancestry of facultv tune has veiy naturally prompted e n.il cation of this most interesting wort Pn in some measure, an offering o! «. l: piety, as the realisation of a project « present to the mind" of Mr >', ft,, er fate uncle and partner. The 'lat.yr T chant was almost of the family " i„ ft I1 been a writer for the house for o ' Her share m the undertaking is'one of those marvels of posthumous ftlj' tion, which are, as it wer p m- d- of literary power wrought at ho. Li lR)c- When Keats died, Ma\inn, u sued lum with even greater ferae v\i Lockhart's, wrote to William Iii.uftfti) We are unlucky in our butts 04 When I heard that the poor devil a consumption, I was something I annoyed him at all of late If r able I should write a dirge ovj il ltU a kind of amende honorable; hut m v'. I am afraid, does not run to the moi „i That is compunction butl scarcely " , I deep and lasting kind. "Poor deul" , written without any tremor of the left and forgotten five minutes later n„„ j at the Garrick Club, Tliaekera ea„S«lS0! surprise by exclaiming, with man/ft ft tion— Sam. Phillips is dead!" piar, was a critic, who cut un "The k;»i-i. on the Rhine", in theTimes,' Jfe the retort, which is known to students the finer sarcasm, as "An Essnv on Tb.,ft and Small Beer." Thackeray was a'S deal more remoreefu for this baiting of dull man, than Maginn for the svstemft persecution of one of the rarest spirits , EngliBh literature- 