The Rebapf Ifttng of a Monutaiii. A Curious Story. ' Diablerets ! That is rather a grim name for a mountain. What. Is the ori gin of it ?' was another of our ques tions. Fur answer we had a curious sloiy enough. In 171J (he whole valley \vn» affrighted by ntrangc unearthly noises proceeding, as It seemed, from the very bowels of the mountain. The priests (old the people that a war had broken out in I he Infernal regions, and that n pitched battle was golpg on be tween legions of demons Imprisoned under the rocks. Then It was that the mountain was reliaptiHedwilhitspreseut uncanny name. Later In the year (he solution of the mystery came in the shape of an enormous landslip, of which tlie internal rumblings had been the waruiug, which rent the whole moun tain, as it were, In twain, one-half roll ing away from tlic oilier, aud blotting out all the old features of the country. Numbers of jwople and multitudes of cattle perished, The most extraordi nary part of the business, however, consisted lu the reappearance of a far mer after having lieen burled for three months, A funeral service Imd been held uear the spot whijrp IiIk chalet had -\inappi':n-'ih njiri liis relatives were. In mourning for him as one dead. When, haggnrd and spectre-like, he presumed himself In the neighbouring village the Inhabitants tied in (error, and a priest was summoned to exorcise (lie spirit. It was wi(h the greatest dllUculty that he succeeded in persuading the people he was not. a ghost. He had had a miraculous escape. A mass of rock bad fallen athwart bis chalet, where at the time lie was alone, in such a way as to prevent the superincumbent idhhb from cni.slilnj,' it. Air hud readied him through various crevices, and he had tieen able to support himself on provi sions left in the bouse, until by constant labour he had succeeded in tunnelling bis way back to the living world.— 'Atnlnnta.' Cobbs : ' That was a pretty senti ment young Masher got oft the. other night when bidding Miss Plumpy goort night,' DobbH : ' Ko ! What was if?' Cobbs : ' He brIcJ he wished she wan locked up in his anus and the key lost.' JJhe : ' It must have been an awful storm to Mow. u wny the lighthouse.' Cholly ; 'Terrible, my dear ! But it could only have boon tlnough c«relesn nrBH that there was a lighthouse in Buch an exposed place.' 