Original papers. THE ADMINISTRATION OF BAPTISM. (A paper read at a Meeting of the Buridecanal Chapter, Geelong, by Rev. J. C. Love.) Attention has been turned to the indiscriminate manner in which baptism is now being administered in the Church of England. The^ contrast between the ancient practice and the modern in this respect, is very great. The baptism of infants, which has come to be regarded as the rule of the Church, may partly account for the difference ; but. the prevalence of infant baptism ought not to be taken as a sufficient explanation of the present unsatisfactory state of things. For on all hands I think it will be conceded that if infants arc brought to baptism, proper care should be taken that each infant receiving the. sacrament of Christ's appointment should be committed to teaching. : as early as possible. On any other ground I cannot see very well what answer we have to make to those who assail the practice of administering the sacrament to infants. . . : ' For centuries adult baptism was the general rule in the Church,' says the author of an able article, which recently appeared in the Guardian. 'The famous catechetical lectures of St. Cyril of Jerusalem, delivered in the Lent of 347, clearly assume that the catechumens were adult.' The same writer says: 'It would seem sufficiently probable that the baptism of infants was allowed in apostolic times. It is clear that once allowed it would speedily ; become prevalent. Natural affection, to name no other cause, would tend to erect an occasional indulgence into a universal rule. There are evidences, however, of misgivings in the Church on this subject, and it is certain that throughout the first four centuries the baptism of their infant children was by no means obligatory on Christian ] parents.' What, however, I wish to point out, and what the article I have been quoting lays the utmost stress upon, is the fact that the key of the primitive position was teaching. Not only were adults carefully prepared for baptism, but the greatest solemnity and publicity marked the administration of the sacrament. It- was only administered twice a year at the great festivals. The bishop himself presided, and everything was done that could be thought of to invest the administration with deep significance to the souls of the recipients. And in it all, and through it,ali, the system of sponsors was held to be one of paramount importance. Though primarily answering for. the characters -of the. adult candidates as witnesses, yet they seem also * to have been charged with the duty of teaching and preparing them to be baptised. As the practice of baptising infants became general, the responsibility attached to the office was rather increased than diminished. The spiritual duties of sponsors were frequently declared in the canons of councils. Parents were prohibited in the Council of Mentz, a.d. 813, from acting as sponsors for their own children. The fourth Council of Carthage required one sponsor. The Sarum Manual directed that there should be two sponsors, but sometimes permitted three. The Roman and Greek Churches have, held to one sponsor, though permitting two. How the Church of England came to require three is a matter upon which I am unable at present to throw any light. It would appear that in ancient times the godparent was held responsible for the physical maintenance as well as for the spiritual up- bringing of the baptised infant. The modern silver mug may after all be a faint survival of the olden time. But the spiritual, duties are unquestionable. The Christian Church under all circumstances has required a sponsor or sponsors, who, in default of the Christian parent, could act the part of the faithful to the child. The sponsor may be, and for the most part will be, satisfied that the parents are willing and able to bring up their child in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. In that case the thing will be left in their hands. If, . however, the parents decease, or fail in their duty as Christian parents, then the sponsor is bound to see to the . teaching. And not only has the sponsor to take care that the child is duly taught, but that it is brought to be confirmed. This system has sometimes been assailed. It has been held unreasonable that others should enter into such an engagement in behalf of the child, and that when entered into it should continue to be binding in after years. ' There would no doubt be ground of complaint,' it has been said, 'had these obligations been of an arbitrary and unreasonable character, or had they even been of a kind which might have been considered to be optional. As a fact, however, they impose no other responsibilities than those which must of necessity rest upon all who would live true human lives. They are — Such vows as is a shame A man should not be bound by. Nothing can destroy the individual, moral, and spiritual liability of a soul for its actions.' ' Of course the validity of the sacrament is in no sense dependent upon the presence of sponsors. But spiritual gifts avail to the recipient by reason of his willingness to receive and use them. There ought to be a .guarantee in the case, especially of the unconscious child, which is placed by baptism in the way of salvation, that it shall be taught as soon as it shall be able to learn what a solemn vow,, promise, and profession has thus been made. But now to come to the administration of baptism according to the Book of Common Prayer. I suppose we are all agreed that this contains our common rule, and that we are not in a position to formulate new rules either for ourselves or for .our brethren. Well, let us begin with the fact that there is ' the' ministration of public baptism of infants to be used in the Church,' and there is ' the ministration of private baptism in houses.' The former of these services assumes throughout the presence of a congregation ; the latter assumes its absence, so far as the baptism itself is concerned ; but even this provides for a public reception of the child into the congregation of Christ's flock. But now let us hear the voice of the Church to us ministers — ' The people are to be admonished that it is most convenient that baptism should not be administered but upon Sundays and other holy days, when the most number of people come together, as well for that the congregation there present may testify the receiving of them that be newly baptised into the number of Christ's Church, as also because in the baptism of infants every man present may be put in remembrance of his own profession made to God in his baptism.' It is impossible for us to be in doubt then about what the Church thus requires. But the publicity which is thus enjoined is con spicuous by its absence in too many large parishes. The dread of adding to the length of the service and the possibility of two or three crying infants proving too much for the decency of certain members of the congregation, have come to be regarded as 'insurmountable difficulties.' Here I am disposed to speak for myself, and to say out of an experience extending over fifteen years I did not fail in giving effect to this requirement. Nor do I think we are anywhere justified in this disregard to our Church's authority. If the ministration cannot conveniently take place on Sundays, it ought to be made con venient on other days when the congregation is present. No congrega tion means no public baptism. The sponsor system, I fear it must be said, has completely broken down. Large numbers of the infants baptised in a parish like my own 'are really without sponsors, for the mothers, or friends, or nurses by whom they are presented at the font have no idea, not even the faintest, of spiritual responsibility attaching to their action. The initial security of sponsors having been dispensed with, it is no matter for surprise that the careful instruction of the children, which sponsors were^ intended to secure, has in many cases shared the same fate.' But it may possibly be said that our Sunday-school system does much to meet the necessity of the case. When, however, you come to look the thing straight in the face, it becomes evident that large numbers of baptised children are suffered to grow up without Christian instruction. Something like 70 per cent, of the population have received baptism in the English Church. Of the 10 per cent, who ought to come every year to Confirmation and Holy Communion, what do you see ? Once more, therefore, to quote the article in the Guardian, which has attracted attention in every part of the world: — I' The upshot of everything is this scandalous fact : that baptism in infancy represents in very many cases the entire contact with Chris tianity which bur people receive, until, with characters hardened into types, with habits formed and dispositions developed, they pass out of school into the great life of the nation.' Who that gives the thing a serious thought can regard this state of things with anything else than a feeling of grief and dissatisfaction? The franchise of the faith has in a great measure ceased to carry with it any sense of responsibility. ? The idea of a mighty army moving on to war, though pleasing to the imagination, is in reality a painful illusion. For discipline we have hardly the semblance. For the good fight of faith we have a faint persuasion of something not altogether separate or antagonistic. For the sincerity of conviction we have the leaven of hypocrisy. The laxity which begins at the font ends at the grave. For as it is with the ministration of baptism, so it is with all the other services of the Prayer Book. In the minds of our people, imperceptibly it may be, but too surely it comes to be thought a mere mark of respectability that they have these services. There is hardly a week in which we do not hear mothers who bring their children to holy baptism speaking in such a way of the sacrament as to make it plain that they have brought it down ' to the level of a charm.' As one child is ' done.' so another has got to be done. As the father has ceased to take any particular notice of such matters, so the mother brings her children to the church without a thought of the responsibility. And yet we go on boasting of our numbers and offertories, of our Church progress and improvement, of our multiplied services and our general advancement 1 And as for real sacrifice and self-discipline, as for sin and salvation, as for the obedience of Christ, they are things to be mentioned in sermons, but are they to be reckoned among the realities of our common Christianity ? The sooner we are led to look at things as they really are, the better it will be eternally . both for ourselves and our children. The question is— What shall we do? The writer I have quoted again and again says we must ' be content to act slowly.' The conventions which have been discussing the subject of late say very much the snrne thing. In the multitude of counsel there is held to be wisdom. Any fixed external rule can avail little without its spirit. The obedience which is due to Christ in the admission of members to His Blessed Body is the pathway of life from which we have erred and strayed. Infants should not be baptised without reasonable security for their Christian education. Young people, should not be brought to the Bishop to receive laying on of hands without reference to a true repentance and a ' lively faith.' A name to live should not be accepted as a passport to heaven. If the practice of canvassing for baptism was stopped ; if. the people were admonished that baptism should be administered only in the presence of the congregation, except in cases of the greatest urgency ; if the sponsor system were set up at once so far as to require at least one communicant besides the parents ; if the teaching of every day were made more like what the Master requires it to be, no doubt there would be at once a falling off in the number of the baptised, but there would be the beginning of the end of a mighty wrong. For certainly 'we have reached a state in which it is impossible to acquiesce and , to retain the respect of discipleship.' Once more, therefore, let us ascend the mountain of the Lordr3 appointment; let us set ourselves afresh to hear the voice of His universal authority ; let us learn that His will is not only to make disciples of all the nations by baptising them into the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, but teaching them to observe all things whatsoever He commanded them. Once more, therefore, let us resolve to bear one another's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ. For while on the one hand it is clear beyond dispute that 'each man shall bear his own burden, yet on the other it is equally clear that the law of Christ is fulfilled in the reality of this great brotherhood of responsibility. If the present laxity be such as to require long years of faithfulness to correct, the general standard . of duty in this matter may surely be raised at once, and a return t;- the old pathway may be rightly, truly, and wisely determined. 