God Bless the Master of This House. Br GEOBGE B. SIMS, Author of "Tales of To-day," "How the Live," "Drama« of Iiife," etc., etc. [COPYRIGHT.] IT was five o'clock on the evening of the 24th of December when Mr Augustus Tarboy, wbp had been out .marketing, arrived muddy and puning in front of his residence, No. 21 Kay-street, Brunswick square. "Thank goodness!'* said Mr. Tarboy. " 'Be it ever so humble there's no place like home," especially when you've made yourself a beast of burden^ and you're six- teen stone by the automatic weighing machine at King's Cross station, and there isn't a cab to be had for love or money " Haying relieved himself of this exprés- j sion' of gratitude ajdd its accompanying explanation, Mr. Tarboy stepped three paces bael on the pavement/ and admi- ringly surveyed the front of his mansion from basement to roof. ' - "Mine!" said Mr. Tarboy, mopping Ina brow with his handkerchief. "Mine-aB mine-mine and Maria's, God bless her !- " and a home for any man to Jae proud of." The blinds were airead; down all over the house. There was a bright light from the gas in the kitchen, and Mr. Tarboy noted it. "There she. is down there, God bless her!" he said, "a-working and a-worrying and a-getting my tea, and her head full'of to-morrow. Augustus Tarboy, you've got a wife in a thousand-you have, my boy, and I hope you're becomingly grateful. Maria, God bless you!" Mr. Tarboy kissed his hand affectionately Ct the drawn kitchen blind, and then he brought his eyes up lb the ground floor. , There was no gas there, but the ruddy fire- light danced and flickered through the lowered venetians. "Everything ready foF me in there," he said. "The armchair wheeled up to the Jire, the kettle on the tfivét, the table laid, my pipe and 'baccy brought up and put on the mantel-shelf, and a vase full-of new made spills ready to my. hand. I'm as sure of it as if I'd been inside and looked. What a wife I've got-^what a wife!" Lifting his " eyes . in thankfulness to the sombre skies, Mr. Tarboy's attention was arrested by- a dim light in a' room On the third floor. - ? '*'. ..'"Poor ^li^podr-^rll" he said; there's the-skeleto&^^Vmy-"'cimbbaM this happy Christmas' Etc $' there'« the ghost as'll be -at>my banquet to-morrow ! Poor ghi! PCör, lonelybattle ngiril"- : ^~ Mr. Tarboy'shook his head mournfully, and mounting ^the steps of his residence, kneoked an apologetic' knock on the front door. . "".* ..' As he did so he ' glanced at the fanlight, in -which a jet of gas "was burning in a pink glass globe, and caught sight of. a small bust of Charles Dickens, which occupied a post of honour in the centre. - Mr Tarboy deposited his parcels on the' top step, and raised his hat to the bust,' ' ' -"In-love and humble duly, sir," he said, " at this season of the year, which, if ever a man understood its lessons and taught them to the world, you did, air. And may, all in this .house humbly follow your example." The door opened at that moment, and a stout, comely, middle-aged woman stood staring at Mr. Tarboy.' '?? . "Good gracious, Augustus!" she ex-i claimed, "whatever are you doing stand- ing without your hat' in a wind that's fiV to perish you ? It's enough to give one rheumatics in the head to look at you !" " If s all right, Maria. I was taking off \- my hat to the. bust of Dickens, and chink- ing of '"The Cricket on the Hearth' " '"Cricket On the Hearth!"' said Mrs. Tarboy ; "you look, more like neuralgia on the doorstep. Come in, do." Mrs. Tarboy gently but firmly dragged Mr. Tarboy in by the collar of his over- coat. When the door was closed he, catch- ing sight of a bunch of mistletoe, which was suspended in the centre of the hall, put his laden arius as far round the comely dame as they would go, and pressing her to his bosom, gave her a hearty kiss. "Maria," he said, " it is our first Christmas Eve in our own home. God bless you, Maria, and a many of 'em." * * - » . # Augustus Tarboy was on the wrong side of fifty, and Maria was forty-five. Their romance bad commenced over, twenty years -ago. In those days Augustus Tarboy, a slim, good-looking young fellow, had fallen ! madly in love "with Maria Twemlow,' a s young housemaid who had recently been 1 engaged by -Lord Farndalô's housekeeper, 1 -Maria was ' a pretty, genteel girl, and ; Augustus, who was his lordship's valet, thought he had never seen such a perfect creature before. Being Of a shy and bash- ' fol nature-not a common complaint with noblemen's " valets - Augustus: loved for some months in secret; but at last he summoned up courage to inform Maria that she had won his heart. > .They" were returning from evening. church together , when .Augustus made > his E trembling confession, and it was in the very darkest part of the long avenue of elms leading up to the famous mansion in Surrey which had been the Farndales' ever since the days of James I. < The young woman listened for a moment in blank astonishment ; for, like most-bash- ful men, Augustus had plunged into his subject without any preliminary remarks. But when Maria Twemlow realised that the good-looking young valet was offering her marriage she gave a little gasp and said: " Oh, please don't-please don't say any. more!" and made a dash for the house, leaving Augustus crestfallen and trembling, with nothing to distract his thoughts but the sighing of the night wind and the cawing of the rooks. But the next day Maria Twemlow came upon Augustus, when he was alone in the library arranging his lordship's papers, and there, in a sweet, womanly way, begged him to think no more of her, as a marriage between them- was impossible, and when Augustus, with tears in his eyes, begged her to reconsider her determina-: tàon, she felt a- great pity come into her heart for bis hopeless love, and confessed to him the secret of he;: life, < . \- She bad been married two years pre- viously to a man whom she had believed to be a well-to-do young fellow, but after six months of married life in London she had discovered that her husband's well-to-do ness arose from his participation in the profits of a series of frauds. One fine day John Laxton left bis home. The next time his young wife saw him he was stand- ing, with two of his associates, in the dock' at the Old Bailey, and the result of MB trial was that be received a sentenceJo'f' fourteen years' penal servitude.. Thus it was that Maria, who had no friends or relatives, bad to turn out again and earn her living. She saw that all chance of doing so in domestic service, to which she bad been brought up, would be denied her if it was known that her hus- band was a convicted criminal, so she re- sumed her maiden name of Twemlow, and a former mistress having kindly interested herself en her behalf, she obtained a situa- tion as housemaid at Farndale Court. -Augustus promised that he would respect the young woman's secret, and he kept his word. But he was more desperately in love-with her than ever, and-presently the, knowledge of his loyal devotion touched the heart of the unhappy wife, and hie. found that she was retmrning his affection. Then the situation grew painful to both of (bern, and Maria said that she must leave. That Augustus would not hear of, so he cut the Gordian knot by giving notice him-, self. . : One day the young valet and the young housemaid bade each other a tearful fare- well ; but as he held the young wife's hand in bis Augustus vowed that he would always love her and that he would bo faithful to her memory, and that no other woman should ever supplant her in his affections. And so the years went on. Maria re- mained at the Court, and Augustus went to Londoa, obtained another situation, and prospered. From time to time the lovers saw each other, and talked as friends. John Laxton, oeforehis sentence had ex- pired, was released on a ticket of leave, and found his wife. She gave nim her savings, and bade him leave her in peace. He took the money; and went back to London, where in- six months he was once more in the hands of the law. But at last the bar that stood between the happiness of the faithful couple was removed. John Laxton, who had spent most of the mtervening ¿twenty years in gaol, died of consumption in the prison infirmary, and Maria Twemlow was a free woman. Augustus was abroad with his master at the time. On his return to England the news reached him, and he hastened to Farndale Court, where the young house- maid was now the middle-aged house- keeper, and once more offered her his hand and fortune. And in due time the man and woman who had waited so long for each other went to the altar, and were made happy at last. Augustus Tarboy was fifty-one and Maria forty-five when they became man and wife. Both had money saved-Augustus had a good deal-and so they took a house in Kay-street, Brunswick-square, furnished it neatly, and arranged ^to let off a portion of it in apartments. . They bad entered into possession six months ago This was the first Christmas of their married life-the first, as Augustus put it, when he saluted his buxom little wife under the mistletoe, that they had passed "under their own^ roof." « # .* * * Mr. Tarboy had finished his tea, and sat in his easy chair smoking his favourite pipe, with his slippered feet on the fender. 1 love in his heart, and admiration in his eyes The love and the admiration were both for his wife, who bad displayed ¿he most remarkable skill in the adornment of then* dining-room. Augustus declared that with a bunch of holly and some ever . greens" she had converted it into a fairy bower, and when she told bim of the pre». parafions she had made for their first Christmas dinner Augustus became almost -reverential. . ? --- -. - , The first Christmas Day in their own home was to " be celebrated in quite ' baronial" manner. Tho term was Mr Tarboy's, and came of long connection with the landed gentry. Mr. Tarboy had ¡ invited several of his own relatives, and j Maria had invited two of her former 1 fellow-servants at the Court-two who had .married recently and settled in London; and they were going to bring their hus- bands with them. | \- Ah !" said Mr. Tarboy, " it'll be a happy j Christmas, Maria ; the happiest I've known ! for twenty years, my dear." j " Yes, dear," said the little woman, put- ¡ ting a plump arm round her husband's neck and kissing the upturned face ten- derly, and the happiest that I've known, too." Christmas was always a miserable time at the Court for me, and it was miset rabie for everybody after poor Mr, Hugh and his lordship quarrelled five years ago, and Mr. Hugh left the Court, and we never ¡ saw bim and never heard of him again. "Poor young fellow,'/ exclaimed Mr.. Tar- boy. " I only knew him/as ahoy. I don't think his" lordship eyer loved ' the. lad, though he was his. only son. He cost his mother her life, you know, Maria, when he came into the world,- and his lordship was never the same after it. Many a time I've seen him sitting opposite her ladyship's portrait as was hung' over the fireplace in ' his bedroom, and looking at it with tears in his eyes ; and sometimes when the fit was on him I've "known him pace the room like a madman, and say things aloud that . .would have been" blasphemy against the ; will of Heaven, Maria, if it hadn't been : that it was his heart crying out in agony, and not his lips speaking in anger." " Yes, I suppose it was that made him ' turn against the boy," said Maria!, with a sorrowful look in her eyes; "but it made our hearts ache for the poor young gentle- j man, the way his father treated him as he ! " grçw up. They used to say at the Court thathi6 father had never kissed his son ""and heir, or given him one fatherly caress from the day he was born; and so when he grew up ; Mr. Hugh seemed to hate the place, When he was at home, and became ;' wfld in his ways, we servants- used to say that it wasn't to be wondered at,. poor young gentleman!". - . , . '''Maria, my dear," said Mr; Tarboy, "put. some moje coal on-thejure. and-stir .np a' ": blaee^it mabes'lhe'.cóld'1».'tiádc -of such : tilings at Christmas time. I suppose there's no doubt that Mr. Hugh is dead, eh, Maria?" "I'm afraid he must be," answered Mrs.' Tarboy, stirring till the bright flames rooared up the chimney. " Ifs five years since he left the Court in anger, after a terrible scene with his lordship, vowing he'd never enter the place again while his father lived. ~ Prom that hour no wordévc carne from him, and now the old lord's been dea<|. three months and the heir's been advertised for, and the lawyers have been hunting for him all over the world- so Mrs. Millet that was upper housemaid ? there at the time told me ~the other day- : and Mr. Hugh's never niade'a sign" ,'? Yes, of course, he must bs dead," re- plied Mr. Tarboy, knocking the ashes out of his pipe. "He'd ha' come back and claimed the estates by this time if lie hadn't been. Let's talk o' something else more Christmassy. Maria. ? It ain't the sort of thing to have hovering over your \ domestic hearth with the carollers outside I a-singing . ' " God bless the master of this house, God bless the mistress too. And all the little children . That roundIhe table gb." ; -I shall have to go but and give 'em a shilling-and ask 'em'to go away. Ahl , thank goodness, they've finished. They jarred, Maria. Your talking about his lordship and poor Mr. Hugh got on my nerves, my dear. Fancy a Christmas carol . jarring iu a home that hos a bust of. Charles Dickens in the fanlight of the hall. It ain't right. Maria, it ain't Tight." . Mr. Tarboy rose and paced the room, j and Mrs. Tarboy gave a great gulp and i seemed inclined to cry. j ', "Fm so sorry, Augustus, dear," she £ whispered., "I ought tb have known how ^.ifender-hearted you are." Augustus Tarboy passed his hand across ^Ms eyes and exclaimed " Ifs gone, Maria ; ^-the vision of domestic misery and tho filent rooms of Farhdale Courtis banished. ^©oñ'i liefs speak of it again. Hullo V ;wh*fe that?" ¿I Mr. Tarboy started, and Mrs. Tarboy \--opened her mouth m astonishment. The* rtot Üpjor had been suddenly pulled to. 1 £^Up^?Tarhoy went to < the head of the ; Ôj»§pto&:-- stairs and called out sharply, \ ^^ióáhl'' and a voice from below answered, pj*'"£ifes,here ma'am." ... ; ^ : Mks% Tarboy came back again to her ,\ . husband. "It isn't Sarah," she said j Then she gaye a sudden start. "Good ; ; gradóos, Augustus" she exclaimed, " it must be our third floor." "llevar!" exclaimed Mr. Tarboy. "Why, she^ heen too weak, poor thing, tb go out t, for days past, and for her to doit-sucha ^hitter hight as thjs,' Go-np, Marla ; . go up ' Mrs. Tarboy wont up to tue third floor as fast ai she could, and came down -panting. "Ifs her, Augustus," she said. "Oh, go after her at once and bring her back. Ifs death to her to be out on a night like this. She must be mad." Mr. Tarboy put on his hat and overcoat, and Sarah, hastily summoned, came rush- ing up with his boots. A minute later he was out in the street> staring up and down i it and wondering which way the "third j floor " bad gone. j Presently, as his eyes became accus- j tomed to the cold blue haze which had* come on with the night, he 6aw a police- man standing under the lamp-post at the next corner, fie went across and asked «lim if be had sean a young woman come out of Jffoï^l.*The ""policeman said he had, andf she &ad; gone up the street towards Brutówick-square. Mr. Tarboy turned up his coat collar, for the air was biting "shrewdly," and walked in the direction indicated. The . square was' deserted, but in almost every house the lights wdjee burning brightly, \ and the sound of merry voices floated but ; now and again upon the quiet night. Suddenly a woman's voice rose sweetly from the darkness beyond. It was a rich contralto, but it trembled - now and again as it sang the grand old carol, " God rest vou,merry gentlemen." j Mr! Tarboy knew that voice in a moment. Be had heard it first a month ago, when j Miss Buth Belmore, who said she was an actress; had taken the modest room on the j third floor. Miss Belmore had gone out daily, and spent the evenings in her own i room, which, Mr. Tarboy thought, was odd -\ foran actress, but sometimes in the even- j ing they heard a beautiful voice filling the house with melody, and Mr. and Mrs. j Tarboy bad agreed that Miss Belmore i "MANY HAPPY CHRISTMAS DAYS TO MY LOBB AND LADY PABNDALB> must be a young lady who sang on the stage, but was temporarily out of an engagement. Gradually - Mrs. Tarboy, in her kind,' motherly way, had won .the young lady's heart, and bad gathered that their surmise was correct ; and Mrs. Tarboy had inspired sufficient confidence also to ascertain that. Miss Belmore was really a young wife, but that her husband was " away," and she bad been singing at the theatres as a chorus girl in his absence. And Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy, talking their "third floor" over, had long ago come to the conclusion' that Miss Belmore was very unhappy and very poor, and that she was going ont day after day to try and get something to do because she was rapidly approaching the end of ber slender resources. This idea was confirmed when, at the end of the third week, Miss Belmore, with a white face, caine to her landlady and stammered out a plea for a tittle time. She was hoping to get an engagement every day, but for the present she was not prepared te " pay up ber book " with the punctuality generally insisted- on by i Londoá'láadladies. ... "Mrs,^iboy'told August^ andAugustus, ] -Who bad been, struck with the girl's lady- like .demeanour and evident distress, re- quested lars. Tarboy nbt tb worry the poor young thing, but to take every opportunity - of making ber .comfortable. And so Mrs. Tarboy bad dene her best to comfort and cheer up the penniless " third floor.*' But both husband and wife had noticed that their lodger was getting ilL'and that, she was scarcely in a condition to take an engagement if she succeeded in getting ons. They made up their. minds -that, worry.and want of sufficient neurishtaftpt* wore at the bottom of Miss Hehnore'i^^ I the situation. But the girl was proud, and they hardly dared to do what they would like to-to send for their own doctor and supply her with the wine aud nourishment she undoubtedly needed. Mr. Tarboy had quite taken his " third floor's" misfortunes to heart, and had built a romantic story of love and sorrow around .her. He felt sure that it was another case of a bad husband .ind a deserted wife, and it was the reflection of the dim light on the third floor blind that .had been the one bitter drop in his cup of happiness as he gave off his cheery Christ- , mas sentiments on the doorstep that -evening. " Good gracious !" cried Mr. Tarboy, aB he recognised the beautiful voice of bis "third floor," "she must have gone suddenly out of ber mind! She's de- lirious and thinks she's at the opera. She can't be singing in the streets in her sober senses." He hurried in the direction of the Sound, and there he saw Buth Helmore shivering and trembling in the roadway and sing ing. A window openetLand there was the sound.'of-a <coin/striking the pavement.. Buth Helmore gave ' a great shiver, but stepped forward to pick, if up.^ As she did 'so ehe reeled and would lia ve fallen to the ground if Mr. Tarboy bad not managed to reach her side in the nick bf time and put a strong arm round her waist. "My dear young lady'i My dear MÍBS Helmore!" he gasped. "What on earth, are you thinking of ?" "Ob, dont,don't!" said the girl, burst- ing into tears. "I-I owe.you money, and I must pay it-I must earn it. í haven't a penny in the world. I beard the carol-singers to-night. I opened my window to listen, and I saw the people throw them . money^shillings and^half crowns-and X thought-i th$%bj¡ I might perhaps get some that way too, and-r-" "Oh, dear! 01^ dear J The very idea; of it. And you ilPas you are j-and " glancing at the girl's thin dress ano light cloak--tand not half wrapped un_ enough. You come home with me, my dear. You're going to spend the evening with Hrs. Tar- boy and myself and have supper with us; and we'll talk about what you owe after Christmas when you've got an engage- ment." , But there was no sitting" up when Mr. Tarboy got his trembling chcrge home. Mrs. Tarboy saw that bed was- the best i place for her, so she helped her up to the ! third floor, made a big fire, put her to bed, and insisted on her taking a steaming bowl' of cornflour with a wineglassful of whisky in it, and then'when she was quiet and seemed to have got over ber shivering, Mrs. Tarboy sat down by the bedside and talked to ber tilt, the poor tired little chorus girl fell asleep. Then Mrs. Tarboy came downstairs and told her husband all she bad learned. "dh, dear, Augustus, ifs another sad story," sheaaid; ?"The poor girl's told me everything; seeing she had a real friend in ' me, abo said.. She's a married woman right enough. I saw the ring . below tba keeper when abe put ber band in mine, poor thing. Her husband's lu ."trouble' somewhere and can't get to ber. Tm afraid ifs gaol, Augustus, indeed I am. She says'he's a gentleman, though be's a common soldier., It seems be enlisted «wing to family trouble, and he met bar at Portsmouth, where , she was einging with a company, and'fell in lore with ber straight away, and the poor foolish young people t^y got msjcrfed.^ - . ind quit» "if lady/ iBhe* |old me 1¿r%»tbiér was a doctor and was rained, and died i an an asylum, and she decided to go on tí stage and use her voice for a living, bi cause she had no frieuds and it was tl best thing to do. They were happy enoug for a year, and then her husband got int trouble. She declares it wasn't his faull but a sergeant in the regiment who hate him because he was a gentleman rankej grossly insulted him about her. Thei mad with rage, the young fellow seize the bully and thrashed him within a inch of his life in the barrack squar before half the regiment, and hs wa "tried for it and sentenced, and he's in th military prison now, and poor Hiss He! more says it will be two years before he'J be free. She writes to him, and he write to her when he's allowed, but of course h can't send her any money, poor thing Isn't it sad, Augustus ?" "Sad!" exclaimed Mr. Tarboy; '"if heart-breaking, Maria. Here's our fm Christmas together, you and me, and tragedy under our own roof. Ifs al tragedies, Maria, and it* don't .seem t have brought the Spirit of Christmas ou way at all. That bust of Dickens' îh 'ou hau, Maria-rve half a inind to , take i downand put the mistletoe on the fire ai a holler mockery." # Mr. Tarboy strode, out into the hall an< looked up half reproachfully at the bust o the_great novelist, who is said to have in vented the Christmas of Charity and Loving Kindness, the Christmas of the Hearth the Heart, and the Home. And as h gazed it seemed to him that the cold fací of ¿he moatiiea clay relaxed into a emil« and the lips of the master moved. It wai only a gust of wind that had caught ' th« gas in the pink globe and caused it to flan up and cast á pink reflection on the fact of the bust, hut it cheered Mr. Tarboy immensely. "Maria," he said,."I've banished thu vision of misery as I banished the other Charles Dickens says if ll be all right. Il there wasn't any misery in the world there'd be nothing for people to do on Christmas Day to. show their gratitude foi the mercies vouchsafed to them. To: morrow the 'third floor ' has her Christ- mas dinner with us, and she is the honoured guest. Don't forget that," Maris ¿-the honoured guest." "'.'«..-.. J* ," .. * . * # Oh Christmas morning the postman knocked at No. J21 Káy-street, and handed in some' half-doran letters for Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy, which were Christmas cards from old friends, and one letter for Mies Ruth Helmore. "Oh, I am glad!" exclaimed Mc3. Tar- boy, and she ran off upstairs with it tc the invalid Buth Helmore gave a cry. of joy as she saw the envelope. She tore it open and read the contents, and then with a little hysterical cry flung up her arms and fainted dead away. When she came to herself Mrs. Tarboy was bending over her, bathing her head. "Oh," cried the girl, "I couldn't help it. It-it was joy. He's free-free-my hus- band-my darling! He's coming to me to-day-to-day. Oh, you will let him come here, won't you?'' Mrs. Tarboy couldn't apeak for a moment-the statement had quite taken her breath away. When she had recQvérèd her speech she flung her arms round her "third floor's" neck and exclaimed "Come here,my dear? Why, of course. Where else should a husband be on Christmas Day but -with his wife ?" And then she went off down two stair«, at-a time, with a heaving bosom and. a palpitating heart, to tell Augustus the good news. "I knew itl" cried Mr. Tarboy trium- phantly; "I knew as that expression on the bust of Charles Dickens meant that everything, would -come right. Now, Maria, there's two honoured guests round : our mahogany this Christmas Day-our 'third floor' and our 'third floor's' hus- band. What a - dinner ! What a real Christmas dinner it will be! That bust won't have nothing to blush for under our roof, Maria. I'm not sure as I shan't take it down and put it in the middle of the, table i th a wreath of holly and mistletoe round it." ' About one o'clock there was a knock at the door. Sarah, the maid.of all work answered it, as Mr. Tarboy was in the beer collar, and Mrs. Tarboy was busy with the turkey. When Sarah came down she was in a state of great excitement. "Oh, mern,", i she said, " it' was a young man as asked for the * third floor,'-and-said he was her "usbing, and i sho wed' him up as you said, mern, -and Í 'ope I done right" " ¡¿uite right," said Mrs. Tarboy. Then she called ont across the passag« to the cellar, " Augustas, he's come. Miss Hel more's husband's come." "Hooray!" replied a voice from the cellar. " God bless 'em both, and a merry Christmas to 'em. Maria, this is some- thing like a Christmas Day !" Mr. and Mrs. Millet arrived about 1.80, and as dinner was not for-an hour Mrs. Mület and Mrs. Tarbo^had scraps of con- versation, between whiles. Mrs. Millet, who ha4 been married from Fataoale Court, had the latest news to import. Among the late lord's papers had been found a letter to his son, in whieh he. es« pressed his sincere grief for what he had done, and acknowledged that he had been to blame. It was the olive branch held out from the grave. Mrs. Tarboy shook her head. "Too late," she said, "too late. Mr. Hugh will never know. He is dead, too." The other guests arrived, and dinner being quite ready Sarah was sent up to the third floor with " Mr. and Mrs. Tar--, boy's compliments, and would Mr. and Mrs. Helmore please come down, as dinner was waiting." Everybody was standing up in the dining-room when the door opened and Buth Hemore stepped in. " Mrs. Tarboy," she said, " this is my husband, Mr.--" There was a startled cry, and Mrs. Tar- boy and Mrs. Millet staggered forward together, and Mrs. Tarboy gave a little shriek. "Mr. Hugh!" she cried. "It's-ifs .-Then shB flopped down in a chair ' speechless, and Mr. Tarboy, looking in imminent danger of apoplexy, bowed/re« apectfully to the apparition and said, "Mr. Hugh! Am I dreaming, or^-" " It is no dream," said the young man, taking his younga wife's hand and staring round at the familiar faces in utter bewil- derment. ""But, good gracious, Tarboy and you, Maria-and you, Jane-is-is it a comedy-or-or-whatever are you all doing here? This isn't Farndale Court- aud--" V. Then everybody spoke at once, and Hugh learnt of his father's .letter of forgiveness and of his-death, and that for a month every effort had been made to find him. Then he insisted on their all sitting*down to dinner, though Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy and Mrs. Millet wanted to take theirs in the kitchen. - . And when he had made everybody at ease be told them how he had enlisted under a false name, and how he bad been imprisoned and released .only the previous day, two years before his time; for saving the life of a warder attacked by ia dozen prisoners, and how he bad at. once.. written to his wife and come to Jjondon to. spend the first day of. liberty "with her." And when the Christmas pudding was . taken away and the dessev; was on the table, Mr. Tarboy rose and said: " With our humble respects, and long life aad many happy Christmas Days to any Lord and Lady Farndale of Farndale Court. God bless them !" ? And the company drank it with a re- spectful but hearty three times three and their humble duty, and while Mrs. Tarboy was clearing away for tea, still out of ' breath as well she might be, Augustus strode out into the hall and looked up at the bust of Charles Dickens, bowed low to it. To the day of his death Mr. Tarboy will believe that it was having the bust of the great Apostle of Christmas in his hall that brought the happiness of that Christ- mas Day about. How else could Lady Farndale have been singing for charity in the snow on Christ* mas Eve, and happy in Lord Farndale's arms on Christmas night, and she the day before only a poor little chorus girl out of an engagement, and his lordship a common ^soldier with two years' imprisonment yet to run? # . . * # # That night, as Mr. Tarboy laid bis head upon the pillow, he turned to Mrs. Tarboy and said, "Maria-the first Christmas, j under our own roof-and whr-t a Christ« mas. Day !" . . .. , HE SAW RUTH HELMOEE SHIVErV ING AND TREMBLING IN THE DOOBWAY, SINGING. . : And outside a belated party of revellers woke th^obbes of Kay-ptreet-with '' God Bless tbT Master of This' House,*' and A every wakeful aar beneath that master's 'Ï -reef caught tho words and re-echoed them û in theirhaarte. 