A DAY DREAM. Mahtung. The Ghost. It was a bright, sunny day in Walcha. The wind blew warm from the North. Dust flitted about here and there where the wind swirled along the main road, and the gum trees about me bowed gracefully while beautiful parrots jabbered in the top- most branches or flitted down to the briar bushes on the banks of the river. I sat on the rocks above the big water-hole. My thoughts wandered back to the rustic laucs of England, the green meadows, the murmuring brooks, the sweet songbirds. I saw the pretty squirrel leap from the hazel branches, and scamper up the huge chestnut trees. The spot where we gathered hunches of violets, primroses, bluebells, where the ancmonic wafted its rich perfuiuc, was covered by hazel nuts. In the distance hop-pickers were busy. It was autumn- Again it is autumn. I look along the Apsley Valley. The golden corn has drooped, the crops are fit to gather in. The few English trees to be seen are turn ing yellow, while the eucalypti remains as ever, a hardy green. The grass is no longer fresh, but short and brown. But few native birds arc to be seen — no songsters. The river meanders along idly, to all appearances a harm less stream. It calls to mind the native name for Walcha—"Mahtung," a place of waterholes. This is the | chief waterholo at the head of the town where the natives in the good old days used to bravely fight and hunt before white men ever pulled trigger at '.hem or . primed them up with " lire water." The while men cama along with sheep and the darkies retreated. The whites increased and spread all over the land. Now they talk of uniting and forming one grand federation. There is a legend about this huge waterholo ; which is deep and muddy. It is said that a venturesome teamster endeavoured to cross the river there seme years ago, when his horses and vehicle sank out of sight and lie him self was swallowed up in the mud and water. Superstitious people declare now that at night time the man's ghost is to be seen whipping up the horses, while the rattle of the chains can he heard. It lias never been my i good fortune to see his gliostsliip, or 1 would certainly follow him up with a request to contribute his " little bit" to the local newspaper, as all people are urged to do. 