ORPHEUS SOCIETY AT GLENELG. The Glenelg Town Hall was crowded on Thursday evening, when the Orpheus Society gave a concert in aid of the funds of the Glenelg Oval Association. The part song "Music, love, and wine" (Farmer) ushered in a programme, every item of which was heartily appreciated and correspondingly ap- plauded. "Ye banks and braes" and "Onward roaming, never weary," " What shall he have that killed the deer," "Strike, strike the lyre," "A wet sheet and a flowing sail," "Night- fall," and "If doughty deeds" were the part songs contributed by the society, and in each case a perfect harmony, combined with good time and a due observance of expression, were the features which impressed themselves upon an appreciative audience. The con- ductor (Mr. C. J. Stevens) demonstrated a perfect command over the chorus, and the striking attention paid to the baton was as pleasing to the eye as the result was to the ear. Mr. J. J. Sharp sang the plantation song "Click, clack," and was assisted by an affective chorus. The ever- pleasing voice of Mr. F. H. Wild was to advantage in Lattei's "Oh, hear the wild wind blow," and his cultured efforts were rewarded by a vociferous encore. Similarly successful was Mr. W. R. Swan in his number "The king minstrel." "The jolly little nigger," a humorous item with much laughter contained therein, was successfully given by Mr F. W. G. Gurney, who in response to an encore sang "And the verdict was." "The mill wheel" with a humming accom- paniment by the society, gave Mr. C. M. Gribble a chance to demonstrate that his musical faculties do not stop at playing excel- lent accompaniments. He was enthusias- tically encored. The inimitable Mr. A. H. Daniel, though suffering from a throat affection, pleased the audience with "Baby, yer ma honey," and the inevit- able encore produced an interpretation of the whimsical "Magpie." A very pleasant break in the programme was afforded by a recital by Mr. N. A. Webb entitled "A change of treat- ment." The part song "Laughing" concluded a programme which in point of cultured variety has seldom if ever been excelled at Glenelg. There was a large attendance at the Co- operative Hall, Angas-street, on Thursday evening, when the members of the Toronto Variety Company gave a concert in aid of the widow and children of the late Mr. T. J. Hart. An interesting programme of vocal and instru- mental items was ably carried out by the fol- lowing ladies and gentlemen:—Misses Ed- monds, Flo and Amy Lloyd, Messrs. Will Parsons, Will Goodger, W. Dring, Alf Frost, and Riley. A laughable farce, entitled "The Angas-street Ghost," concluded the pro- gramme. A dance followed. The Willing Workers' Concert Company gave an entertainment to the inmates of the Destitute Asylum on Wednesday evening, August 10. The following programme was carried out:—Overture, Mr. and Miss Keen; songs by Mrs. Burgess, Miss Stocker, Messrs. Jacka, Collins, Keen, and Mauger ; recitations by Miss McLean, Messrs. Twelftree, Collins, Keen, and Henwood. An enjoyable evening was spent. A grand concert in aid of the Elder statue fund has been arranged to take place at the Jubilee Exhibition Building on the evening of September 3. The Conservatorium Grand Orchestra, Orpheus Society, Liedertafel, Choral Society, Misses Guli. Hack, Jule Layton, and Lucy Stevenson, Messrs. K. Nitschke, J. R. Opie, O. E. Taeuber, and T. H. Jones will contribute the programme, and popular prices will be charged. Another splendid house greeted the second performance of the Leslies at the Port Town Hall on Thursday evening when amongst those present were the Mayor and members of the corporation of the town. From Mr. Will Leslie's opening song, "I was on it," to the concluding "Shadow Pantomime" not an item escaped an encore, and the performers, who responded in each instance, must have been fairly tired out at the conclusion of the pro- gramme. The two Freds, senior and junior, were very successful in their individual items, and in combination they created great fun in the duet "Two Micks." The Misses Rose and Mabel Leslie were evidently very popular with the audience, for they were recalled again and again for their clever songs, and in their quaint instrumental selections Messrs. Fred and Will Leslie were equally successful. Mr. Dudley's ventriloquial efforts were appreciated, and so also was Mr. WilI Daly's rendering of "The skipper." A matinee performance will be held in the same place on Saturday after- noon. The annual social of the Olive Branch Lodge, No. 17, I.0.0.F., was held at Ruthven's Assembly-rooms, Brompton, on Wednesday evening, when there was a large attendance, and Grand Master W. Mobsby presided. There were also present Grand Secretary A. Leane, Grand Warden W. Straps, and Past Grand S. McGargill. Songs were given by Mrs. Follitt, Misses Tomley (2), Messrs. W. Cullen, R. Bessell, I. Giffen, J. Ryder, and Master Tomley. Mr. Taggart played a violin solo. Dancing followed. Mr. A. W. Ralph was the caterer. 