A CUNNING PANTHER. Oaptiia 0. J. Melliss, 9th Regimeat Bombay Infaatry, a well kaown hunter of big game, has an entwlaiiiiog paper- in the November "bcribntr*' on panther shoal iog ia Central ladia. He haa a good deal'to say about a paatber of diabolical eunaiag and insatiable appetite. For oae whole year, ke says, did 1 hunt thi fiend. Inaumerable wen the geata I tied up ai bait for bim, aad ut- fiagging was the blood" thintjaeii with whiok he respoaded by marderisg and devouring them. Innumerable wort the days I toiled and clambered under blazing hot noouSay SUBS oror rooks and bouldera, ani through the juagle of tke hillside, trying to gel him; ianuBierakle were tke weary hours 1 passed on Moonlight nigkta, up trees watchiof ever a goat's murdered reaaios. All in vain, neither by day nor by night would he come He had takea a mast oae-sidod view of the game. Properly, after devouring oae ef mj goats, he should iu retura have altowad himsell to ba found Gorged near Ibe Spot tke aextd.y, and to be di ina toward me b] the beaters; but be had no true aease of sport While I gasped uader a sweltering BUB, fruit Itssly hustisg for bim among the Bullahl (raviaei), or sitting upon a bot boulder of blaol rock with the sun broiling my brains beneath mj sliikar-Upw, awaited bis comiai in the beat, he matt have been curled up paacfully nappivi ia acme distant shady spot, or lickiag his chops ia amnscd reflection at Ibe sport ke was effurdiug ma, Uouhtlaso, too, be must have watched me as I at amid tbe swayiag braacbes of the slender bastard teak-tree in Many an all-night sittiag by mooalifbt watching for him, and then departed, Mncludiag that it would be wiser t< postpone Hnisbiag tho rem.ias of the goat until I should have takes nyaelf off. It seemed so, for aa suraly as I did not i>it up over tbe reaiainE of his kill, so surely did he return to it thai night. 1 mubt ooufoss, however, be gavo me three cnaacea at an early stage of our aoqualotaace. One afteraooa I was watching from a tree over tke nmaias of a goat he had killed ibo night before. It was early in the rains, the day bad beca a showery one, aad the suu shone with but a pleasant warmth. There was setirand freslia neat in tbe jangle about me. Animal and vegetable life seemed to rejoice is the salvation the blessed rainB had brought them, and at tbe and of the fierce months ef drought. Birdsoameand poroked ia tbe branches aborg me in tbe vary tree where I sat, seeming to take ao notice of the tnotionlMa figure beneath them, and brighteaed ths jungle for no with tkeir twitUriog. Tbe UBUBU»1 amouat that the panther had left of the gnat showed that bo had made but a mild meal for bim, aad was doubtless the cause of his arrival so early in the afteraooa ; or it may have been tbe heavy ahowers had disturbed kirn in his nap and tbe freshness of the air iacliBod bim to stroll. Whatever the eauae, ho greatly surprised mi by a very early arrival, aad This is What Happened, it otill wantad an hour or so to sunset. I had been beguiling the time by watching the aervoul antics of tbe two moagouo (wild brothers of Budyard Kipliag'a turnout Rikki-Tikki) about the carcase of the go.t. Their first outraaco on to the so*<ne, on having winded the goat, was made with the ntmost caution. A pt.ir of pointed little notes,and two P>in of sharp little eyes first peaped out from beblad some big stonts—slowly the owuers of thorn emerged, every hair of their quivering little bodies betokcoing the utmost sense of daagtr and al.itness. Growiog gradually bolder, tbey drew oenr the body, ever keeping tbe brightest 1 oak-out all arouad, now aad agaia sitting up squirnllike, Iisteeing all they knew and " speering " about with the sharpest eyes for sight or souid of their dangerous neighbours ; for well thry knew from whose meal they were about to pilfer —their keea little noses would tell them that. At length the temptaliea to feaat grows too BtroBg, aad they would dive iaside tke goat's ribt to snatch a choice morsel, oaly to pop out tke naxt initant all nerves and trepidation, atd then sono imaginary alarm would send ttaeog scuttling lato the bash, then back again oace more, the bolder opiritfinit,more nervous watch* fnlaeas again yielding to the delight of suotker morsel, and so on over and over again. I had almost forgcttea the panther in tbe amused interest I was taking ia the queint little creatures or otherwise should bave paid more atteatioa to tbe excited conversation that bad boea going on among some birds ia a tree not far off. Thui Birdt a.d Uonke-ys will otten Wara the juogler el the approach of a tiger—the latter especially take eveiy opportunity to ox< press by loud hooting tbe intensity of their feel- iBgo at tho bated presence of either ef tbe dread beingt of their juaglis. I bave heard, too, tkat peouliar bark of tbe oambar etng sound again and again ia tbe night-air from out of tke dark jungles on the banks of tke N«rbudda, as fas Beads out a warning to bit kind that UurderoDS " Stripes" is Stalking Near. But to return to tbe panther. The mongoose bad growa more confidant and their aerves less. " jumpy," when something caussd me to look dowa. There, some eight feet below me, al-: most at the foot of my tree, stood the panther, a very big fellow, in all the jangle splendour of bit shining yellow coat aad rich black rosettes. With eyes Axed oa the mongoose, ho atoud perfectly motioaless save for a gentle swaying ef the end of Us tail; his right forearm advanced and bead held forward below the line of hit back, be looked the very personification ef beautiful remorseless strength about to work its cruel will. Tke two tiny thieves werejust at that moment muck engrossed with tbe view of the goat's inside, peering about fer aaother tit-bit. Fascinated by the hoauty of (he panther and interested to ess what would happen, 1 coald aot spoil die picture by firing. After a moment's pants tbe panther mads a move forward—tboa a conple of silent boundt. It was the clotest thing —only just in time the mongoose Whisked themselves off like lightning, and fled squeaking into the bush. The panther disappeared rfter them, but the next moment his yellow form stepped out from the green again into the open. Unfortunately his pursuit of the Btengoopo bad tnkea bim np bill, thus bringing him on a level with the low fork of the tree ia which I sat. His quick eyo caught sight ef me inslaatly, and be stopped, looking up at mo. Flurried by the idea that be would vanish on th> instant, I threw .ap my rifle and fired without aim. Something yellow flashed into the bushea in silencs. Hissed I I had, indeed, made a mnddle of it IB my desire to study natural Liatoiy. Tbe next time we met night was coming on— rain wet falling, and I sat dnncbed aad miser able up a tree again, Snddealy, out cf tbe darkness he stalked, a dim grey shadow, on to tbe scene. My rifle rang out-the grey shadow vanished—misled again 1 Thf third time it was •gain night, but there was a full moon, I am < perohed in a tree amid thick jangle high upon tke hilltide aeti the cruet, whi nee 1 have a' wide view of a beeutiful moonlit laadscspe lying beaeath me. 'Suddenly, 'without a sound, A ailvary Panther, or tho Ghost el oae, . glides softly across tke open patch of moonlight, where the partly-devoured gnat Isy—ita form silhouetted ia vivid wMteaest against the black shade of tbe surrounding bush "Can't miss this time," I thought, aa 1 lovulled say rifle at him. But I did; sad let only those who know what it it to aim by moonlight east th« tratoUaa. At last hk (ate overtook him. i 