THE WAR. ADMIRAL CEllVERA'S PLANS It yarding being > fjO RSL saW ' , shares HIDE AND SEEK. on hitch > _ HF union i i London, May 23. N The United States War Board at Washington expect that Admiral Cervera, who is in command of the Spanish Cape Verde Fleet, will play at hide and seek until the arrival of reinforcements from Spain ^ THE FATE OF THE PHILIPPINES PROPOSED TRANSFER TO FRANCE. London, May 24. A report from Washington states that Don Castillo, the Spanish Minister at Paris, is endeavouring to arrange for the cession of the Philippine Islands to France in order to prevent them from becoming American terri- tory. FLYING THE SPANISH FLAG. A COMPLAINT TO THE POWERS BEST I 'i London, May 24 Spain has issued a note to the Powers protesting against the action of the Americans in flying the Spanish flag THE KEY WEST PRIZE COURT. SEIZURE OF SPANISH VESSELS CONDEMNED. 2 London, May 24. The Prize Court, sitting at Key West, has condemned the seizure by the Americans of the Spanish steamers Argonauts and Mathilde. These vessels, it will be remembered, were taken during an early stage of 31 the hostilities between Spain and the United States. MOVEMENTS OF THE SPANISH CAPE VERDE FLEET. DEPARTURE OF TROOPS FOR MANILA. in or 11 11 hm! London) May 24. A report' from m New York states that Admiral Carreras, commanding the Spanish Cape Verde fleet, is returning to the French island of Martinique for coal. i Ma Six thousand Spanish troops are, it is stated, mobilised near Gibraltar. The liner City of Pekin, has sailed from San Francisco for Manila, with arms and ammunition for Admiral Dewey and with one thousand troops, regulars and volunteers, with whom it is intended to occupy Manila. in tons 11 MOVEMENTS OF CAPTAIN ""i 1 SCALEY. London, May 24. Captain Schley, who is in command of a portion of the Hampton Roads Squadron, has arrived at Santiago de Cuba, in the south-east of the island, and formerly the capital. Captain Sampson, with the Key West Squadron, will here join Captain Schley. CUBA AS IT IS (BY FIDEL PIEEBA, in the Forts ) Spanish domination in Cuba or the attempt at domination, will be a perpetual course of annoyance, of irritation and of danger to the United States of danger, in so far as it may, at any time give rise to international complications of a nature which it is not possible to foresee At the present day, and in present circumstances there is not the slightest probability whatever some subsidised newspapers of the Old World may say that any European nation would lend its support to Spain, and the most serious consequences of a determined and effective policy on the part of the United States in order finally ton dispose of the Cuban difficulty, would be the semblance or perhaps the reality, of a war with Spain either of which would be a matter of small importance Yet conditions may change in the course of years they might change at a critical moment and what now does not appear even as a possibility might then become an accomplished fact Would it not be prudent and wise there fore, to improve the present favourable opportunity, and decide once and for ever a question which, like Banquo s ghost, will not end never will down until it is property and legitimately settled 9 It is idle to expect that Spain will be able to suppress the present revolution It is yet more idle to hope that any compromise can be effected between the Spanish Government and the Cubans There is as a period in Cuban history long one in deed-when a compromise was possible and the Cubans exerted themselves to the utmost in order to reach it but that period is past and gone never to return Now there are only two issues incessant war or independence But let us suppose, against all probability, that Spain will be able to crush the revolution Does anyone think that it can be accomplished in a short time Spanish official announcements of a speedy termination of the war are nothing but empty Castilian bombast What do the facts tell us Even granting that IfériccForth everything should go against the Cubans and in 'favour of Spa a year will elapse before the former will be exhausted and the struggle will come to end the rebellion of 1883 continued for ten years The Cubans 'then never had more than 10,000 men under arms less than one fourth of what they have at present They had no permanent sources of revenue and when the funds which were collected at the beginning of the war had been expended? they were left without pecuniary means' wherewith to supply themselves with arms and ammunition Now they have the regular contributions of the thousands of their countrymen living in foreign countries, who faithfully pay their monthly quota into the treasury of the clubs to which they belong, to be by these latter paid into the treasury of the Cuban Delegation in New York The amount is not large, but it was paid for 90 per cent. THE MONITORS. There are two monitors something of the type of the Victorian Cerberus-with Commodore Sampson's squadron. The American monitors form a class of floating fighting machines whose like is not possessed by any other nation. They have been constructed for the especial purpose of defending the American coasts, which offer conditions unlike those of almost every other nation. A monitor on the open sea or on a deep water coast would fight almost any other class of war-ship at a great disadvantage. It is in a shallow, landlocked harbour, such as that of New York, where the water is smooth and there is little chance for a large vessel to make quick manoeuvres, that the monitor type can fight to the best advantage, and ¡ experts are confident that under such circumstances a monitor would have the advantage of the most powerful battleship. The monitor, with her low freeboard, offers no target save her turret, and this is penetrable at practically only one point in its whole surface. Unless the enemy is able to approach unreasonably near and fire a big gun point blank with exact aim at the very centre of the cylindrical terror, there is little chance of penetrating the moving wall of steel. Naval authorities are unanimous in the opinion that the chance of shooting through one of the turrets is small. The damage that might be done by the shock of a shot striking the turretelscwhere is another matter, and on this point there is a wide divergence of opinion among experts. Nearly all turrets are moved by pairs of engines of various designs, operat- ing internal gears on opposite sides. They rest on series of rollers placed in circles under their outer edges. The rollers, are in the shape of truncated cones, and are from 2ft. to 3ft. apart. They serve the same purpose as ball bearings, that is, they support the weight of the turrets and their contents, and also serve as bearings upon which the turrets shall revolve with the least possible friction. The rollers are of the thousands of rifles and millions of cartridges sentto_Cuba»sinco the beginning of the revolution, During the previous war the Cubans neglected to provide themselves with cattle and to raise vegetables for the supply of the army. This time one of their first measures was to drive, all the cattle into the mountains where they can be cared for and are beyond the reach of the enemy-and to establish various zones' of agriculture, in which some 3,000 men are engaged in farming. They have thus assured their supply of arms and ammuni- tion and their supply of food. During the rebellion of 1888-78 the war was confined entirely to the provinces of Santiago and Puerto Principe; no property was destroyed in those of Santa Clara, Matanzas, Havana, and Pinar del Rio, and agriculture suffered no interruption in them and Spain was able to force from the island a revenue larger than in time of peace. Then the rebellion had its origin in the upper classes, the lower ones scarcely realising its moaning and slavery was a great obstacle in various ways. Now the uprising proceeded from the common people, and the upper classes joined them when they became convinced of the universality and strength of the movement. If the Cubans by any chance are driven from the provinces of Pinar del Rio, Havana, Matanzas, and the western part of Santa Clara, they have the means to with- stand the power of Spain for many years in the provinces of Santiago, Puerto Principe, and the eastern part of Santa Clara a territory which represents more than five eighths of the area of the island, and from which they can continue to raid the other provinces and to prevent the ingathering of the crops. To sat fire to the largest cane field nothing more is necessary than a match, half a pint of kerosene, and a live snake and the latter harmless creatures for none of the Cuban species is poison- ous abound throughout the island. In- deed. I have no doubt that the Cubans can hold out in those provinces long enough entirely to exhaust the power of Spain. But should they finally desist, it would be merely a suspension of hostilities until the next generation grows up. Should they be exterminated-as Spain wills and threatens but is powerless to effect-she must keep the island wholly unpeopled, for there are no worse rebels against her rule than the immediate offspring of the Spaniards. So long as Spain has a foothold on the island Cuba will be a running sore in the side of the United States. The only way to beat it is by complete pauperisation ; which, in the case under consideration, means the utter separation of Spain from the country. This alone will relieve the United States from any further care and annoyance care and annoyance which it would be unjust to charge to the Cubans, for it is not their fault. They are human beings ; they are crushed by oppression and galled by tyranny; and they rise in self-defence. Not they, bue those who read them to re- bellion should be blamed. But if, from a political point of view, it is to the interest of the United States that Spain should withdraw from Cuba, from an economic standpoint it is still more so. There are some 60,000,000 dollars (some estimate the amount at 70,000,000 dollars) of American capital now in jeopardy in Cuba. Of it some 80,000,000 dollars are invested in sugar estates, some 20,000,000 dollars in mortgages on various kinds of property, and the balance represents debts due by Cuban planters and merchants to bankers, merchants, and manufacturers of the United States. So long as the war continues that mass of capital will remain entirely unproductive ; while if it is much prolonged it may be utterly lost. We have already seen that previous to the war the taxes were so heavy that the country was unable to bear them. Will they be lighter after peace is restored? In the first place, Spain never abolishes a tax. To do so is against her traditional policy ; her history proves it. In the second place, two items alone of the future permanent expenditure will amount to a larger sum than that of the whole budget before the rebellion. The item for interest on the debt which Spain had imposed upon the island was then 12,000,000 dollars and as the debt has already doubled, and before the war ends will be more than doubled, the interest on it will rise to at least 25,000,000 dollars per annum. Before the rebellion the cost of the army and navy was 7,000,000 dollars; but as Spain will be compelled to keep in the island a much larger army, the future cost will be at least 10,000,000 dollars. Add to these two items the others of the budget, which I shall leave as before, and a grand total is reached of 42,000,000 dollars, or 16,000,000 dollars more than the amount of taxes collected in 1894, and 12,000,000 dollars more than the sum expended. That Spain will force that revenue from the island so long as there is anything to extract it from no one who knows Spain entertains the least doubt; and such a proceeding will result in the confiscation of whatever capital remains in Cuba. Such will be the fate of American property under Spanish rule. Under the republic, on the other hand, as there is no public debt for the so called Cuban bonds are an obligation incurred by Spain, and Cuba is in no way responsible for it there will be no interest to pay; and a budget of some 7,000,000 dollars or 8,000,000 dollars wUl fully provide for all the current ordinary wants of the Government and for purposes of national interest, which, though always neglected by Spain, are necessary for the material development of the country. Again, the commerce of the United States with the island, which sometimes has risen to about 100,000,000 dollars a year, will be exposed to perpetual fluctuation and losses so long as Spain is allowed to remain in Cuba. During the last two years it has dwindled down to almost nothing and it will suffer a greater reduction if the war continues. Under the republic, the per- turbing causes having disappeared, it will flow on uninterruptedly, and will reach a magnitude never yet attained. Cuba will not then have to go to Spain annually for 30,000,009 dollars or 35,000,000 dollars of merchandise, which she can obtain much cheaper in the United States, and which she had to order from the peninsula because the Customs tariff favoured the Spanish producer to the extent of 250 to 2,000 per cent. Indeed, I shall be very much mistaken if. within a few years after Cuba becomes independent, her commerce with the United States does not rise to twice the figure it reached, before the protected either by a barbette, which is a stationary wall of armour-plate rising straight from the deck, or by an inclined plane serving the same purpose. It is as difficult to strike the rollers with a shot as to penetrate the turret. The question, ' which only actual experience can answer, is whether or not the shock of a shot striking the turret will deranges the rollers or turning mechanism sufficiently to disable the monitor. There are discussions on the subject every day, and no agreement has been reached. The general notion, however, is to the effect that a monitor would have the advantage in a single combat with a ship of any other class, provided only that the conditions of smooth water, lack of room for manoeuvring and opportunity for developing speed, and the maintenance of a good fighting distance are present. The two monitors with Commodore Sampson are probably the Terror and the Puritan, and the naval estimate of their strength was that they equalled in fighting power the Texas and Massachusetts, and had the advantage over those cruisers in being able to operate in much shallower water. i ---9-2----. v THE UNITED STATES COMMANDERS. The two American commanders who are now trying to unite their fleets have both a high reputation in the United States navy. Captain William Sampson saw lots of i fighting during the Civil War, and afterwards made a reputation as an expert on ordnance, from which department he was transferred lately to the Iowa. Commodore Winfield Scott Schley has done so many things for his country that it is impossible to present in any short space a record of them. Although he was a native of a southern state, he stuck to the Union when war was declared, and fought all through the war was with the Benicia at the time of Corean friction in 1871 and 1872, and gained his greatest fame by his command of the Greely relief expedition in 1884. His judgment on the expedition made him known as a man on whom the country could depend for capable and brave service. He again had the opportunity of proving what was in him at the time trouble occurred with ChiK owing to the attack on sailors of the Baltimore, of which Commodore Schley was in command. When, on March 29, Commodore Schley hoisted his flag on the Brooklyn, off Port Monroe, there was great enthusiasm in the fleet then assembled, and it was thought that the three fine cruisers Columbia, Massachusetts, and Minneapolis would form part of his command, and they may be included amongst the five cruisers mentioned by cable as accompanying him. of Captain Robley D. Evans, who is now with Commodore Sampson at San Juan, the navy is full of stories. It is only fair to him and to the rest of the navy to say that his fame has gone abroad by no fault of his own, and that the nickname " Fight- ing Bob," for which he is certainly not responsible, has been in a great measure the means of spreading his fame. Captain Evans was severely wounded while leading a part of the land attack on Fort Fisher. He walks with a limp to this day. Some of the incidents that have made him prominent as an alleged seeker for gone are his remark to Secretary Herbert, toward the close of the last Administration, that it would please him greatly to make Spanish the prevailing language in hell for the next five years," and his announcement to the Chilian torpedo-boat, which made itself obnoxious by rushing round the Yorktown, of which Captain Evans was in command, in Valparaiso Harbour, if the torpedo-boat so much as scratched half an inch of paint off the Yorktown side that he would blow her out of the water. At another time a launch crew came aboard the Yorktown, and reported to the captain that the natives had been throwing stones at them from the shore. The captain hurried a rapid-fire gun into the bow of the launch, filled her up with armed men, and made for the shore. No more stones were thrown. Leaving a sufficient guard with the boat, he marched through the streets until he found the highest civil authority in the town, and then' and there informed that functionary briefly and with much heat that if any more stones were thrown by anybody at his launch, he would make life miserable for everybody within range of the Yorktown guns so long as he could keep the ship afloat.- That he knew exactly the sort of people he was dealing with is shown by the intense respect with which he and his men were regarded during the remainder of the time the Yorktown was in the harbour. Those who attribute wild recklessness to Captain Evans are ignorant of his record as a disciplinarian. THE COMING- CRASH. A SPANISH CARDINAL ON THE CRISIS. REMARKABLE UTTERANCES. An exchange, of a date just prior to the declaration of war between Spain and the United States, observes A great sensation has been caused throughout Spain' by a powerful pastoral just issued to his people by Cardinal Antonio Maria Cascajares, the Archbishop of Valladolid. It is really a fierce attack on the conduct of affairs in Cuba and a searching exposi- tion of the alarming internal condition of Spain. The authorities have attached so much importance to the document that the censor has stopped outgoing telegrams dealing with it. After depicting the mismanagement of affairs in Cuba and terrible expenditure of money to no purpose, the Cardinal utters a warning that if it should be proved that this state of affairs is due to causes which affect moral order and the integrity of conscience there will be not merely bitter lamentations but cries of indignation from all persons of worth, demanding before God and man the most terrible punishment on the traitorous authors of so many calamities. The pastoral continues : " Sad, very sad in truth, is the description we have just given, but it is the truth and the sad truth, that there is weighing upon us in our colonies a fatal war which is carrying off without glory the bloom of Spanish youth; that we see ourselves seriously threatened by international complications which may involve us in another war still more disastrous that our national wealth is ruined, our policy vacillating and in- decisive, our commerce destroyed, our industry in its death throes, our agriculture at its last gasp; our people, with their energies, their blood, and their money wasted in a sterile struggle, and with confidence lost in their rulers, have abandoned themselves to the weakness of despair. A terrible symptom of what the explosion of so much repressed anger, and so many modifications endured in silence may prove to be on that day when some circumstances, of which there are so many at this highly critical situation, shall have shaken its nerves and made its indigna- tion break forth. " Everyone recognises that the present situation of Spain is the most critical that our country has traversed in the present generation, and is only comparable to that which preceded the French invasion at the beginning of the century; everyone re- cognises that outside our own country tempests threaten us, and that within a volcano wages under our feet." 