In Sapphire Seas. JIMMY THE DEVIL. / : A STORY- OF LOMAI VITI. ' : By T. II. FltlCHAltD. - V COPYRIGHT. -It wns an-nwfal experience: . Thnl .rnriul's life lind passed in conflict with the wind and, wave, uitorui and tempest nfloat, anil danger to- him. was a: familiar ncciunlutanco.. In wild , warfare- ashore ho had also froqiiently. taken his part ns a com- hatniit la tho bloody: feuds between his- na tive klufolk aud their tribal- enemies/' (Tills - - lind taught - lilm to tell by; experience, the : / heavy '.'hum" of a. tower musket ball- front ' tho sharp- vicious "ping", of ; n : rifle/ bullet;. / oi the waspish, "whiz" -with/which a revolver pellet sings pnst join oar. Ho had stood to It, with .the foremost/ when t with a wild rush, and wilder yell, the naked, : : pain ted. tribesmen came swarming over the lighting fence, while battle /itxe > nnd club- / were making .--linvoc - In tho front; line -of stonuei-s and defenders, and the murderous // knife was settling all nccouuts at close quar- ters. Ho - had finished -the light and. joined in tlie snvnge- orgy round the ghastly heap'' of ./ heads, with tlielr. glazed eyes ami livid lips,. ns, freshly severed from- the- bodies- of the slain, they w-ero piled up for presentation to . tho chief of the victorious party. In these and other circumstances he had stood Ills clinnce of -.being "wiped out" - a score of times, and had conic tbrough lt : . all with dnuntlcss heart and -nerves' -un shaken. But, daredevil as be was, his face never wholly lost the nshen greyness of Its sallow skin, his voice the subdued solemnity of tone, and his eyes the haunted, far-away, hnlf-drenmy look they wore after he had ' pnssod through thnt terrible: ordeal. ,. It. was the face of.ouo who had not merely stood front to front with denth, but had kept close company with him through a hell ' of waters, with thc .tcrrors of the great deep below and the licrcc conflict of the. elc- meats slinttlng out tbc souibre vault above, waiting, drcndlng, yet almcot longing hour:, after hour, for the instant when It- should: : please the grim spectre to seize upon his prey. - : - . It was a voice awe-strleken into solemnlty ; , by that long: silent tctc-n-tetc during which " - lie lind died a thousand deaths, and It was - Lhe eyes of one who had been compelled fix edly nnd continuously to contemplate tlie - mysteries tlmt lie beyond the veil, aiul whose gaze could never after.be completely with- z drawn I have seen thnt sniue iooU on the face . and In .-.the. eyes of a man condemned by court martial to be sbot, nnd -reprieved when tlie rifle barrels of the platoon detailed for his execution - were already levelled' at- his heart.: He, too, lind consciously bidden fare- . / well to earth, ..sea and sky; hail looked for the (last time on the sun; hud peered into the , great hereafter, and had come bark from the . Valley of tlie Shadow with the record stamp ed upon his features that would leave them nevermore. Yet even In thnt case its cha racteristics : were less strongly marked, and; , therefore less impressive. ,, Timl rurial, uugllee Jimmy Bourne, other- : wise nud better known ns Jluiuiy the Devil, - was u half-caste biiinottu, short, but thick- , set, Willi eyes nnd arms of enormous - strength, and the torse of a stunted Hcr-: cules. - Like most of ' his insular people, he was a sailor, slow-nnd-go-oasy lu tempera ment -when not roused to action, but cucr- -- getlc enough wlicn energy -wus dcmiiudciL He had a snilor s readiness of resource, und - wasiso expert' lu the water as to be almost nutpUlblous. > Bxcept, perhaps, the Line Islanders, ' no people are better swimmers than tlie Sa- . menus. A favorite pastime with the chil dren and young folk Is to swim out through1 tho surf with a short slab of wood, diving - like (lab chicks under the. curling, breakers (hat threaten to overwhelm tbem ns they conic tbuudcrlng-8horewni'd. The dive Is re peated till they get to the outermost surf, wuve, then placing the chest on the slab, . - lliey ride In on the grout white crested rol lers,, laughing with wild delight lu the ex citement of the boisterous sport, ns tbc boil ing, seething, spnrkllng surge carries tbem- Into shout water. . Due partly to tuts nnd similar amusements;-.- the Snuionns are almost ns much nt home; , in the '-water ns on the land, and even nmong these people Jlnuny was so f anions for Ids staying power tlint it was a common joke to declare. he was finned like a -llsli, or woh- hod like n duck. , But- to our story. In -March, 1S80, -Jimmy- wns master of the Korotuba, n US-ton cut ter, trading with half a dozen- hands lir the - 10MI fn-nim. T t wnn the lmriicnno senson.- nbout tho period of the vernal equinox; when the South Pacific is always liable to violent atmospheric disturbances, w-hlch frequently tnke the form of cyclones, or rotary storms, fierce as the typhoon of the China Seas, and devastating as the tornado of the West In- The month lind come in gloomy nnd threat ening. On the 2nd the glass was fulling, nnd nearly all the craft lu Lcvukn linrbor, Island of Ovnlau, which, but for its sea reef, would be little better tlinn nn open rondsteail, bail taken shelter nt Nalkoyokoro, an Indentation of the shore, two or threo miles down coast Here they were protected from tlie north, the quarter whence tlie hurricane was wont to swoop down, by a high, bold bluff, which had frequently before afforded sufficient shelter 111 such emergencies. From the southward, however, there was no such protection; but ns the "blow" gene rally liognn In the north, anil, working rouail through west, which gave the anchor age the protection of the high mountainous land, blew Itself out In tlie south, no mis givings were felt for the safety of the little fleet. Lying In the bay were fifteen vessels, of different tonnnge, tlie largest being the foro and aft schooner Patience, In clinrge of a grizzled old lslnnil skipper. Captain Jones. The top masts had been sent down on board all the boats, the loose hamper made fast, aud everything wns taut and snug for the expected gale. Steadily the glass went down, and angrily the wind and rain squalls fitfully swept over the leaden waters, veering about from all points of the compass, ns if uncertain liow to commence the attach? or on which quar ter first to strike the sheltering ttcot. Still the glass went down, and by the after- noon of the !lrd so ominous had become the general outlook that, two-thirds of the vessels picked up anchor and rau round to the safer shelter of .Port-Klnnaird, at. .the buck of the island. : ; , ; _:t Jimmy took a sharp, look at his holding gear, and, noticing liow. lightly.' and grace fully the cutter rode. .to. the strain, decided to hang on. So did old Captain Joiics in' the ratlence, riding with two anchbrs down a few cable lengths. to -the southward. Throughout the nlglit , the signs of tlio coming tempest Increased. , The- heavy, veering squalls' beeiinie, more frequent and violent, while the lulls between tlieui were, marked by a sullcu, oppressive . . calm, In which there was: a hollow sough and a' dis tant subdued roar as. of mighty legions marshalling for battle to, the upper fields of air. One could almost . distinguish Mic thiindcrous trend of the cloud shaking bat talions, and hear ; tlie - rush) of the aerial squadrons as they wheeled Into position. , When the . grey morning broke, through, the stonnwriick of tlio, eastern sky, the glass stood at 28.40 ,'deg." The calm lulls hung, above the confused waters heavy as a funeral palh' The white capped vynyes,. as they went rnctog nstei'ii, seemed fleeing , from'., the wrath to..come,, whilo.. with; the ; growing light the niigry flash of'-jhe surf- brenk on the sea recf-hecame more clearly ('"-visible.-. v") '( On hoard the boats grave anxious faces were turned to the,, morning . sky, : though brave hearts, arid strong hands were ' nerved for the" coming conflict. Suddenly; with tlie rush : of an. avalanche, - nn'd the roar of <n thousand fataructs, the. hmrrlcane . was upon . them, - nnd, great God! " Not from the bluff .defended; north, hut from the shelterless south. V- There'; was the triumphant yell of a million malignant storm fiends in the.cbarg- ' " lng ; cry of the tempest as. It hurst In. : nil ;. Its fury, carrying havoc In. Its. course . aud ' leaving desolation behind. "With the shriek and scream of the wind the sea rose, but the very violence of - the tempest helped by Its prcsssure to keep It dawn,-, for the wave-crests were, chopped 'off and carried In driving spray that- pro duced the effect of a heavy mist, hiding . -everything at a distance, and half obscuring objects closer at hand. y . : The . voice could only be heard . by Bliout-. tog In the ear of the person addressed, and ?/ as Jimmy held, on to. the stays, with Tnuli, his Tougan mate, .beside him, he knew there ( was nothing, for It but to hang on- irad pray, if lie never prayed before, that bis holding gear might hot come borne. Dimly two objects grew out.of the hnze, . arid, became: more nnd more distinct as they helplessly drifted shoreward.' "There . go - the . Mnrlea - and. . Marama," eliout'cd Jimmy to Tnull. -. "Dragged and parted," jerked back TaulL "Lucky tliey:were anchored well ; to the southward," came back the reply. ("They'll . stand n chance, to cntch the bcacli,- but under this bluff (Its hold on, or split to ) nmteliwood." ;; (v,:;;.'; , , "Kiilea! Baclal. Tauli, look, what's this?" as the loom of n big vessel came through the. drlf tirig sea spunie. "It's the Patience parted both- chains, -and coming down on top of us!" .- . : . ; In unothcr ' .minute - the collision' enmo; . There, was. a sharp shock, a crash of bul- ; ; warks, . rind-ihen .both . vessels were away. The added weight had: parted the Koro tuba's -chain, aiid-the ,two,; locked: together,', were driftlugDlown on the bluff. ; . c "Up. head' sail, Jimmy, iind -run. No help for It," "shouted, old Jones through the howl ; of the- -sforni, as he -stood -.bareheaded and spray drenched on the rail, lian'ging on by the- stay, while ho directed the uien- who were .cutting the vessels apart;; "Aye, aye! Run up your own and fol low." (-)- ;:; (T- Tlie jib was set, 'hut In n moment; blown away ..like a sheet .of tissue paper, It had disappeared In. the. scud. . -The reefed staysail held better, and the cutter drew clear. : Up went the staysail on) the- Patience, nnd 6hc. followed' lu her wake. .. . It was touch hnd go wlth the ; polnt :of the shorc rcef lying off the: bluff, but that passed both vessels were now racing down - the harbor before . the tempest, Ihe shore on -the port -slde of- the sea rcef wltli Its narrow passages on the starboard liund. - n If one of; these passages could bo negoti ated, the comparatively open sen would, give .a better chnnoe of escape; hut those who re member: with what difllculty Captain Knno In (H.M.S. Calliope steamed ont. . of Apia Harbor, just- three years later,. in the, teeth of sueU h hurricane,. when the Gorninu men of wnr Eber, Olgn and Adlcr, nnd the Ameri can cruisers. Vuudnlla, Trenton and Nlpsic, 'with'.' every); other vessel lying In the port, were driven on shore or sank at their anchors, eutnllliig the, loss of 150 lives, will understand what chance small craft that could only show reefed staysails hnd of. haul- tog.; on the wind to execute such n mau- amvre. . ) ; . ; " )) 5 Tot It riiiist be , this ' or. hrenlt up pn the ( reefs lying- off the north cud of Ovnluu. By this- time- the scene was grand, arid ; awful heyoud ndequnto description. - The storm, -blasts -hurtled .through the n.ir with cdcnfenliig violence, 'screaming and shrieking thfo'ugh the ' cordage ns though all the tor- ( tured demons from. the nethermost hell. were abroad' on the wings of the wind. . A nimbus atmosphere: had been (produced which con fused, rind obliterated, the distinction be tween soti, nlr niiil slcy, winking tlio whole one wild tempestuous blur, through which tlie'vessols flitted like storm boruo phantoms. Tlie hollow roar of the reef thundered even through the shrieking of the wind, while Its angry brenk gleamed through the drift as the surf swept In toward tlio harbor space with the. million fold mngnllled hiss of en raged serpents. For the boats there was safety nowhere. The little cutter Nautilus, which hnd broken ' awny with the first strain, lay helpless at the mercy of wind and wave, nnd as the ICoro- tuba swept past she sunk stern first. The Bukolcvn, another break away, got broadside on, capsized and went down with nil hands. Several hnd sunk at their anchors, and every avenue of escape ooeuicd closed for those yet afloat. The Pntlence wns still in view from the deck of the Ivorotubn as the latter raced pnst the Levuka passage. "I believe he's going to try It," ronred Jimmy to Tnull, ns he watched the schooner. ''Yes, he's edging Into the wind. There he goes. God help him." The result wns not long In doubt. As the schooner hauled up to the Jaws of the pas sage, one fierce gust carried tlie stnysnil like 0 shred to leeward. The next dashed the vessel on tlio point of the reef, where she wns pounded to pieces by tbe heavy brenkers 08 an egg shell might be brayed in a mortar, and the drowning cry of captain and crew wns lost In the roar of the hurricane. The Korotuha had by this time vanished lu the scud, hut was still ruiinnig before the tempest. The next opening was the Wnl- tovu Passage, and this Jimmy determined to try, hut as, with two men steering, he brought tlie cutter's head round, the tiller snapped short off nt the rudder bond, nnd she again fell away before the storm. -.; Fortunately the water was cleat- to lee ward, and, getting up some axes from below, two. were driven homo.ns deeply as' possible In tlio rudder : head- to :makc h 'temporary' tiller.-. : ;? .5 ' -((' i - The third chnriee was at 'the . CnwncI Pas-- sage, iind,.(deiqierate.ns;|t was, It'iu'ust.he essay edi( (but - nt .'(the critical-, moment"' (the axes " slipped, . aud' as) the big sen stfuok ber ivhleh dnshed.the. cutter on'; the i'eef; . It swept Jimmy 'arid Tiinll' from the deck) and' the re flux carried them over the outer edge Into deep) water.;'-; , (= To - dlve "and escape the ' Chance of being dashed back . was the work of an Instant, and when he rose again Jltoiny-Youud 'Tanll by Ills side. ' Another dive cai'ried them far ther out, and- as they again came tip tliey ,snw tlie- cutter swept: off the ledge and' sucked right under (its mushroom top. - .The oiirrciut here helped to carry them- sea ward, (.arid "> thee storm '.wrack, ; settling round arid , over them; 'Shut 'out nil but' the little circle :.to which they swnm. "' - .. Effort In (any: phrtlcular- direction wns futile; It wns' hut' toikeep afloat nnd- drift with wind- and swell;'- Hour - after -'"'hour so -'..'.-'.passed, aud ' through - the '' howl ing' teinpost'; -that:: still))- - raged"; Vno .sign' was -visible of ; the : direction In ' which they ; were being (carried. -The- clouds were low i down 'overhead, shutting out sun", arid sky; anil" the blinding drift was- over thera like a pall. ( ---.-(-i-i They swam In silence, with an- occasional word. of. mutual encouragement. Sometimes the - great waves .towered - over- tlicm; and their dull green circling crests threatened n( speedy end-to the hopeless struggle. Some' times they were borne aloft like fragments of (seaweed,, only-to-be carried; down with nn awful rush; into .-the dark, trough, between the - mighty rollers. : Sometimes they wore like flies clinging to the-.side of .n great aqueous wall, and every, now. and -again. big sea . birds, with, cruel eyes and threatening beaks, swept -past them .with a harsh scream as. of exultation in their . despair. . . Jimmy feared . most'.for) his eyes, and 'knew that after .their attack bltodness mustcbe fast fob loweddiy death. . . Still they . fought . on, and. stlll.brlef words of encourngeineut. passed, till a sharp exclu- inatlou from Jimmy told that a thlrd swlm- iner had joined their company..' . ' "Jesu. Tnull: Na( Qlo," was his. startled cry, aud as .the grey body of the siiark rose botweeu them the uieri shuddered., with, the flew horror added to the situation. ) -Had the encounter taken place under more favorable, conditions, with a trusty knife lu his . .grip Jimmy would have fought .and beaten the tiger of tlie sea to, Its .own. ele ments. But here, in the midst of this tem pest, shut In ; by , the eurtiiino of the hurri cane, bare-lianded " and 'battling) ' for ' life against the elements, the: iiositlon was hor rible. ;)'V) Still. the hours went by'; still 'the ; tempest raged; still the lncri.swnm .on; and still the grey terror by their side ino'st strangely kept them- compaflj;. , 'Sometimes, It, disappeared for a while", aud s'eenied to hiiye'tiiken Its leave, and Agahi. it would rise so) close that they repeatedly kicked) It with ) their feet; -Yet. to their .astonishment' it had refrained from attack, ' ns tbonglii .like Its forest, cdu- gbnors, , forced by flood or lire Into liumnn company, .it) -paid rcspect' t'o the power'/ of "rinture by- observing durtog Its manifesto-/ tlon the.."Truce,o£,:Goa.V . 7 , - . . " : : ' / > But with .the lapse of: hours nnd the abid ing horror, of that, grisly cdmiiflulorislitfe Taulto's strength hegnri to'glve way.- It wad, about 10 o'clock to the . morning when tlie cutter strUek, "mid the decreasing light now Indicnted the swiftly coming nlglit. Jimmy himself wus fagging with fatigue, horror niul despair, when through tlio . storm, wraith, flow' loss dense, 'gleamed the white .break of an adjacent reof. .(£ ' "We must go for: it, Tauli." I don't know whero 'we are, or ' whether It will die life or death; but it can't he . worse... than this,'! said Jimmy, In hollow tones. , : ,' );. );.VTes;,.V came-. the gasping reply, Vhut.my death Is for to-day." "Who knows," . was the response. , "Swim for. It. Kick the brute; , , ) Remember,, the third swell." d ? ), Among the Islands, )mon wliq have to, face the dnngors of. tholr coral harriers know, that tho- shoreward. swell rises, to Its fullest flower' and" volume ;wlih the .lnst.'.wave of -a triad sea. The third Is therefore always looked .for as that on which to take the '"Walt, wnlt," said Jimmy, .giv ing" the tlnio(;,as:.: they, fronted, the wave-lashed harrier, on whlcli the sen. foam foil to all seeming white aud soft as enrded wool, ' though In. renllty... hard arid cruel , ns "e,l?Now, Tauli;, now;" aud wlth: Ills' still rei' m rilnlng strength Jiminy went In on tlie tor; of the roller. :to be cast cut and bleeding on tlie:reof fabletop.. , ;.( .- -.-Vli '. '( ' J "But Tnull'. Where was lie? Ho bad made Ills - effort at tlie same dime,' but less vigor ously.- The: swell hnd . rolled from lilm be fore' lie reached the reef,' arid' Instead of chst-1 Irig lilm on tlietop It liadburied lilni rignlrist those cruel jagged edges, ;)t'o:)sti'lke. which . If to die. ; ... .:.'( ''-..Vfl - .i ( :t '-) . Jimmy,- who had staggered ;- to Ills, feet, gazed with nil. hls; heart '. hi Ills) eyes at ;.tlic spot where his innto had' beeii sueked) under the roof crest. .Before tlio. next rdllcr)eniri6 lu lie saw -a. wild; struggle beneath itlie suri face, to which bronze and. grey were. horribly, confused. There was visible fora moment above tlio water the gleam of- a black dorsal fln, and when the next, ware (broke on the reef crcsl it was red with blood. The tide wns falling, .and' .'.despite the hurricane still blowing; there .was rest to bo got to tlie shonl water ) on" tlie roof top; nwnsli nt low tide. Then, as the. flow came In, the swimmer committed himself, to tlie wntov on tlie smoother land side of the break, nnd swnm on through the night. It wns 4 o'clock In the morning when the loom of lnnd could he seen through the dark ness, and lialfynn hour later the swell car ried the riinu so strangely preserved high upon a sandy bench. There lie slept, and with gaunt, hollow checks, nnd lack bistro eyes, presented himself next morning at the door of n native house on the Islet of Moko- drngn. Jlmtny had been 18 hours In the storm- swept sen, nnd hnd been cast up 14 miles from the point on which the dutter struck. Gradually rest nnd care restored Jilin to something of Ills former self, but out of "Jimmy the Devil" the dare-devil hnd departed. The Iron nerve wns shattered, the reckless spirit subdued, niul the man wns thenceforward ns one who had come buck, to earth from a sojourn In a lnnd of ghosts. 