Letters -to theEditor. FEDERATION. - - .fJS With a heart of furious fancies Whereof! amcoinmander; With bornin* srear, : And a horse of air To the wilderness I wander; With «4atight of ghosts end shadows I«umriftmMamho%>arriey -'• ' " 'Ten leaenea beyond - The wild world's end, Methinkcritis no journey! Tom-a-Be<UMtfe BSna TByTom DUrfoy. The exponents of Federation certainly serve to while away .the time until "the drop falls," the cough drop, Keatinp's - cough lozenge.-- Brndder Jones bas pointed out that there BTe three aides fo every question— the intndejtlre <onHude,en& the inside out Of these ©be-only istiisplayed tons—the outside—and Barely it is not much to gaceapon! What happiness it would be if tbe bystenacs only oonld be federated, and thereat of ns be left alone todeal vpUasi^actnliliwiriueb, for moteiprosaie mortals, alone .mark ithe lapse 6r^TJnS"1jetween tbe J ruriiip"Ktifi ^he setting of the sun. Am. I. lacking in. enthnriamm? I hoptoot I tnrattbatifyon ahowedme aomethlng worthy of a hullabaloo I, of all men, aickto heart with the somnolescent-ateraowtion?of- these enJilin^sess wonld.-iin.Yankee; phtase,git—would rouse around; andSeeifjtherewere anygoodwork : in which I conld take a nsefol part. But is there? .What is it all about? A' Convention has nfel^and saC and dispersed without .any Achievement worthy notice, or any cuudusion-approBmately Anatralaaan. The whole derangement waS rcdolent of the braaBplfttf and mahogany -counter, without one intervening eucalyptine whiff. Had the participators been engaged in the task of welding ^Belgravia -with Houndsditch they would hardly'harejvw^ their procedure. If certain iimpla sools imagine a united Australia can be 'evolved thna-wise,all one can say is they were , nnhanpy not to Have been bom within die era of tbe wooden • nutmeg. Such great faithna their's demands tnarrels, and, if weeicept sport, there are no Australian marvelB in die market just now. Not that one has any Innate' objection to fugs and fury—rather the reverae. It shows that meh are. however unnicewwilf and inconsequentially;alive to fom^thiorelse than sporting and bannerncaftyihg, andlpurrahing from steer contagion. AtteF'nll tbe'hi2h : ftlutin , 1 this Federation resolves Iteelf Into the every -day qu- stion of poonds, chilling*,-and'pence—k>f botcher's and baker's bills, of the cliildren's schooling. I O. U.'s etthelffltik or" th"e"post office. It is, in fact, since parses have cone ont.a question of the 'trousers pocket It has been s«id that if Federation comes, and censers deficit.the well-to-do will have to meet it. No donbt they will hi the firstinstanoe, but inasmuch as the shrewd, sagacious, and Having are tbe well-to-do,it fa- odda that they paw the loss on to those who hare npne ot these qualities. It is ill work killing the goose that lays the golden egg, and the Tasmanian goose is " only a lime one." Besides, ah erttwhile eportingman, I would point out that this is no local- handicap; I bar weighting our own horses Tn'favor of Outsiders. ' "Tia but a little island, and hitherto We have elected to rink or swim together, in fair weather or foul. *Tis a goodJlttieplaayand.braeds good men, who, when the praj>er time comes.- won't be far off the winnihgpost. This is -'parochial," no donbt, ! bat better a eane pariah than anting hundred. Which deans that—barring tbe-boys, who must hare their fun—we should approach this question, remembering- (hat there are women and children .depending oh nv^wilh months to be fed, bodies <to be plothed and sheltered, hopes to-be gratified or frustrated, and that the nntand foremost duty incumbent on any< man pr bpdy of men-ie to pay theory— colonies will not go off at score like a bolting horse; because Wise -and "tried men—not politicians, mind yon—whom pre are apt'lo cnaff in the piping'times of peace, hayi^hptight and axe thinking: havesnmmrfnpAe^itiiation, and remindal-us that fireworks-beforethe battie are eomewhat prematnre, and that the fate of Houdaraa would be a heavy' price to pay for the privilege of forming a part of United Australia. - The-nerrthem city- yearns to -become part of Melbourne by means of Federation or any how. , ; We are eorir we catniot oblige it - Weregret that we cannot hitch it on to the Platypus, BO that tbe s6Iid cinawth conld rbe lond forthwith to the very "precincts of Little Bourse-street. Bat it liappens to be an integral portion of this island, though--reputed otherwise,-and cannot be thus allowed -toevade the ensuing merry mill arranged with a certain' party named Devonport.—You ri, etc., — LOOK BEFORE You LHAP. 