GRANTS WIFE. And whenyour lova ' • "•g '.: Hasconqueredjiride-— n>, : A bid was uniting to the acesepauhneiit ol (the oouqertina." The notes wore loug drawn Mid filled with a certain ranghpitboe. , His oam* . panions listened in •pproviug silenoe until the song came to au ebd. • | •• Uusic's a cheering thing in » man's life," remarked an old, thin, - wtathec • beaten isbepberd. the owner of the New Zealand but wherin the Ivor men were aeaUd before a large ood fire. f Jneknon's whan waa the odljr habitation for .ilea around. It wts situated npon a lonely road,and was the general rufuge for all belated ibfphuds, stockmen,»nd rabUtera belonging to the "run." Along, narrow room scantily, furnished, with bunka built into the walls, a table and a few odd stools and chain, all of *hioh at present were drawn up tothe firtplape. i The men were smoking ; the atmospheie iwss dense; there waaageueral odour of tobacco, -mtckintosh, leather, alio wet sheep dog, for tlieie were several ot these animals lying down or creeping about, and tbe musical programme pas occasionally varied by a ditmal howl from vneor other of them whieh bad rashly ventured Into the charmed circle round the biasing lorfS, and got in Uie way of somebody's great boots. A heap of damp saddles waa throan into a corner, whips, straps, and spurs lay about on table and floor. There wss ao light save that of the lire, which abed a Bickering crimson glow into the room, lending a certain pictureique charm to the oommon-plaoe interior, and soften' tag the rough faces of the men. f •" Sing again, Willie," said the host, and the musician, a iliick-set, pleasant looking young ftnan, complied, and gave thtin " The'Ship that jNever Returned," " Book He to Bleep Mother," f 1 Annie Booney," and. would prubaUy have avoured "the company with half-a-doien more, pot being in the least bashful, but that his next neighbour a men j»h<(ee distinctive ebarajjeris- Itioj were a 'pair of long lege, # pronounced soowl, and a' huge mons'taohe, suggested that tbey had had enough of him; so be meekly deposited his iustrumeut bineath his chair, ana the'party lapsed into silence, brqken'ouly by the cheerful cracklipgs buraing wood aud' f,heauundof thorain on.tberoof.' * '! The old man took bis pipe out'of his mouth, phd made a long shot at a glowing ember. « 1 ' " She's a bad 'uii," he said, slowly. " I don't Jike her eyo." • *—- . The remark was apropos of nothing, and nobody asktd any questions. " She's a d—d bad 'un," he rontinned in an argumentative tone; but still bis companions puffed away gravely aud made no answer. , " She's tricky, that's what she is," he went be, after a pause, " and my opinion is that the boas has got a handful." ' v / It was not a horse he was speaking of, bat a mom an, as a remark from the muustaehed man betrayed. . •• You've only seen her rising, with a hat fnd a veil on," ho said gruffly. '* What the ' do you know about htr eye ? " The old man .squared himself up, ready for the fray. " I haven't lived fifty-fiveyears in this •rorll for nothing," he said. " 1 observed just now that music's a oUpcry thing in a mau's lite; ao's a woman, when she's a^ good one. iWhen she's nqt, his life is " i !' Old Disk is rather amusing on social questions," drawled the fourth man, who had not spoken before—a quiet follow, looking rather like a broken down-gentleman. Who is the lady in question V *' Mrs. Grant," asid Moustachio. , The quiet man whittled. " Bis wire," be aiid slowly. " 1 say, Jackson, you'd better be careful what you're saving." (She'd better be careful what she's doing," auakerud Jackson, angry at the n-bufce, fur he was generally considered something of an orwle. " When a young woman with an elderly husband aRpnds,balf her time riding about with ajellow like Spencer—'" " Spenoc-r P" " Yes, tlfat idlf, loafing cad of a remittance man." \- " I know. I don't admire her taste.'' , " You'll never fathom a woman," continued the old man, recovering his tone of wonted importance, and staring gravely into the fire. "Everyone else considero thetellow a cad,there-, fore she's bound to be (book on him. Ho's aq handsome as the dnvil, dresses well, and be rides Grant's horses as if they were his own and he had about fourteen more out in the pad: dock.*' { The man with the moustache paused in hi) occupation of stirring up the tobapco in bis pips, frith his penknife, and turned to his host. : "You kuow a fat lot, Jackson," he aaid, "but I think you aro wrong this trip. Bhe seems a nioe yyuug siuman. I have seen her once or twioe pritty oloso." "WLat is she like to look at t" asked the quiet man. " Ob, small and dark," said Jackson, " with a lot qf black hair that's always tumbling down when she's riding, and that's one np agin her. A ni.oo "woman ku ps her hair neat." The other man laughed. " You're a ram old card," he said, " but I think I'd keop my mouth abut on this subject if I were you. Whether you are right or wrong it's a dangerous business to meddlo with." Then ooe of them started talking "-sheep," andevirythitgelsein Heaven and upon earth faded* into utter insignificancy. Bams, hoggets, ewes, lambs, Ueripo, South Down, Lincoln, it went on, an endless and all-abaorbiug topic. Pipes were filledagain and again. The firegot low, they talked almost in the dark. . Suddenly the sleeping degs started op with eharp litt'e bjuks, more. barking was going on oufeide, aud presently the sound of approiQhing horses became audible, Jackson got up and threw more wood upon the fire, a shower ol sparks fluw np the chimney, then he walked Over mud oprned the door. The quii^ jpan went on smoking. Willie rose and put his concertina into his bunk as if he feared the coming visitira might wish to sleal it. It was a stormy eight. The wind blew the tain in at the door ; the old man was calling out to someone. . " There's two of 'em," he said, locking back into the hut;" a man and a boy." He went outside*; the visitors came nearer.. " Pot yourhurses into the shed and give 'em a feed," he shouted. ••' There was more conversation and the flickering of a lantern, and in a short time Jackson returned to the where.: Bis grey hait was all blown about; he had a queer expression in hi^ eyes. • - • i " They've lost. their way," he aud, " they ' are only going to slay a short time to lest the horses and the boy." ' ' . Who are they ?" atlie.1 Moustaohio. ^cksou'Jdid not answer, but looked st the quiet mar, whose face was blank and uncon- cerned. The logs had blatod -up i the hut was light and cheerfuI-loLking. A man entered ; tall, fair, and extremely handsome. He was followed by a lad in a great coat and a knitted Tam-o'-Sbanter. . • '1 Sorry to disturb you, my friends," be said, In a deep, clear voice, : V In tbeduikueu.and the beastly bad roads we lost our way, ^The hoises are knocked op, and want »,bit of a . (pell, We have a,long way to go,to F—." ••Sixteen miles," said the quiet man" 'Jackqpn was busy hanging the (billy.over the \- fire. . v *• • V" 111 giye you some hot tea," he sald toithe bi^, 41 come near the fire." / "Ob, be's Cot cold,"cried the handsome rn.p. bnnicdl" • ",f?ivr bin> s .tvr •n 1 ' 1-f him (tie down. Wo same through a beastly bush Rack.' He is tired," T Mustaohio threw him a large striped rag, |Be rolled the boy tip in it, and ha lay down in p corner, - /> attanger, " If s d eouiing bad forward. luck I" continued thl MLWbokfliehnv HmVIA wmwv < " tdi, a nipper from town. .. I'm taking him btek to bis ma.?. ; •• Qe's a good-looking lad," said tbe : quiet saan. . l „ ^ r , 1 l -' Yes.-. ,. ' JacksDu.mxde tho tea. He banded some lu a fiannikin to the visitor, thoo dipped out soma aaoie. and wss going over to where the boy lay, but the other man put his . own'down on the table. •• I'll take it to him," he eaid. p The quiet man looked at Jackson and raise! bis eyebrows a hair's breadth. The Strang** «ame baok to the fire,and aat looking into it with a moody expression upon lis face. "• Suddenly he threw back hisbead aud langbed —a laugh that made the dogs start up and growl. What's the matter f said Jackson, " Nothing," he answered," I always Isugb when 1 am iu a bad temper." " Aud cry when your happy, I suppose I" drawled the quiet man. " Yes," be said, " but I haven't cried yet ." lie drank Lis tea and lit hie pipe. They all lit fresh pipes ; the group round tho firewas inoreaacd ty one ; conversation becamo general. They eventually returned to their muttoLS. IIib boy slumbered in hia comer; the dogs temained quint. Boon' W illie crept away aud gut his concertina and began playing softly to himself. It stemed to sootU the compuy— their voioee sank to a murmur, the rain still pattered on the roof, and tLus'an hour passed away. Willis ceased playing, lelt the fire, and tumbled into bis bulk. Moustachio stood op and yawned. Jackson was gating into the embers andjioddlng slightly. After a timo the stranger stood up. " 1 think we'll go en," he said, and walked over to the boy. For a moment or two he bent over him, then raised him to his feet. I " Are you ees'ed, young fellow f " asked tho; quiet man, coming forward. j " Yes, thank you," answered the lad in a low voioo. • >v - •= -1 He seemed rather alrepy and dared. Between, bis ooat collar and his bat there was pothiog to, be seen but two large dark eyes. He kept his' hands in his pockets aud shivered slightly. The man turned round to Jackson. I " Thanks vtiy much for your hospitality,'* ho said." If you will bring your lantern I think I will so and get the horses now." 1'resently he heard the bones go off. In a few minute^ Jackson and the quiet man returned to the hut.| must bate another pipe after that," ob-: served the latter, and prooceded to fill it. ( Jackspn's mouth was twitching. Something 1 seemed to amuse him. ••' j " What's np ? " asked Ueustachio. " | The quiet man looked at the old one, who re-< spoudBd to the look with just the ghost of a! wiuk, | " Now we'll turo.in," be aaid ; but just then the dogs began to bark uu> * "They are coming back," eaid the moustached man. " It's from the other direction, one person riding." eaid the quiet man. | Jackson was listening. : " It's the boss," he cried, " on the grey," laud rose hnnitdly, weut out of the door, and closed it after him. , i After a few minutes a horseman stopped suddenly outside, and a quick, authoritative voice called out to Jackson. A short discussion followed, and a loud oath. The old man.came back. A broad grin was upon his weatherbeaten countenance. He shut the door, and walked up to the fireplace. ' " Hell catch them up," he cried, rubbing his bands. The quiet man nodded. He looked rather grave. " Poor little thing!" he said. " Snakes 1 " ciicd Moustachio. Willie lif u d bis besd out of the bunk. u Who Is the man ? " he asked. " Spencer," replied the quiet maa. "Then the boy," aaid Moustachio, with bulging eyeballs. " 1 know a rat lot, don't IP" obua'iled'Jaokaon. •> I'm wrong this trip, eh F The boy, my young friend, is the boss's wife 1" 