AT THE CRICKET MATCH. EXCITING ! SENSATIONAL! DELIRIOUS I By One Who Was There. An, there is nothing to set the nerves quivering the heart throbbing and the blood pulsating through the veins like watching an exciting game of cricket. I could only get down on Monday to witness the historical contest between Victoria and New South Wales. I had a country friend down for the holidays, and I determined that he should have a wild and woolly time of it. " None of your dreary, long-drawn-out hourintervalled racing games for us," I said to him' '' We shall see life, glorious crowded life, at the Cricket Ground, Where cricket-Greeks in contest meet, And chase the ball with flying feet." My country friend, Creamsep, was delighted, and we went. It was a lovely Boxing Day, warm, but not too warm for energetic young cricket blood. An excellent attendance of an eager publi was present, and the game commenced. • • • • Whilst it was commencing we wandered in dreams anticipatorily; a round of applause recalled me from the Land of Nod. I shook Creamsep. " Awake !" I cried, " New South Wales has scored a run." " Bravo !" cried he, enthusiastically, and as he relapsed into pleasant somnolence he murmured, " Wake me when they score another." I promised faithfully. As the exciting moments fled by on the wings of a steam roller, I asked Creamsep—" 1 suppose I'm to wake you at six o'clock anyway ?" He made no reply, and during the next dozen overs or so I read the weekly papers Creamsep woke with a start, fearful that he was missing some of the many exciting episodes of the match. "Ah," he cried, " how unanimously they work together ! What are they doing now ?" " They are going to lunch," lexplained ; " they are stonewallers at it—every man tries to keep in as long as he can." " Capital," said Creamsep. "And what do we do?" " We're all right," I told him, cheerfully. " The beauty of a cricket match is its variety. We go down to Brighton for a swim, have lunch in town, go up and see the Aquarium, and get back iu time for the continuation. You can't do tliatat common or garden cricket matches," I added, triumphantly. We did these things, and were back in about two hours. We had not to wait more than about fifteen minutes before the refreshed cricketers ••esuiW play. It was very exciting, for the innings concluded in a few minutes. " They will roll the ground now,' I told Creamsep, "so we shall have time to see the matinee at the circus and smoke a cigarette afterwards." " Capital," he replied. " This is something like a cricket match." * # » * " There," I cried, after we had got back to the the M.C.C. ground, "we have timed it to a minute. There are the New South Wales men taking the field." The first two Victorian batsmen had nearly reached the crease when four o'clock arrived and there was the usual adjournment. "My word!" said Creamsep, "they do crowd things on quickly here! What length is the adjournment ?" "Nominally, ten minutes," I told him; "that is, cricket ten minutes—" "Ah," exclaimed Creamsep, "will we have time to get to Portarlington and back ?" " Scarcely," I told him. We did not go to Portarlington, we went to sleep instead. When we woke it was night, and by the light of the brightly-shining moon we saw twenty-four figures asleep within the playing space. " Ghosts !" muttered Creamsep, shudderingly. " No," said I, reassuringly, " the players and the umpires. They are sleeping here so as to be on the spot to resume their duty at the exact time. They are the slaves of duty, and punctuality in them amounts to a disease." Then Creamsep shook my hand gratefully, and said that he hoped the next time he came to town I would take him to see a few more funerals. I promised, and we parted. 