LADY'S LETTER. Dear Bee,—There is to be a society wedding next week, and I have been looking At the lovely things that were brought from England for the trousseau. I love looking at pretty things, don't you? I like to feel the soft laces, and the smooth atins, they appeal to my love of the beatu iful— at least that is how ma puts it. Is think it is the same feeling that seems to soothe me when I stroke the soft fur of my kitten's back, though when I say so, ma tells me I should not be commonplace in my expressions. But I am forgetting about the wedding, which is to unite two of our aristocratic families, though really all our best families are united already. They have been marrying and giving in marriage ever .since our grandfathers and grandmothers first came out here from dear Old England. Strangers often say to one another, Oh, jyou must be careful what you say, because they are all connected with one another in some way, either by affinity or consanguinity"—whatever that means I know that I have an awful number of relations myself and some of niy own cousins I have never been introduced to yet, There I am .again rattling away about something else, instead of the wedding whioh I started to tell you about—oh, you ought to see the presets that are being sent every day, :such beautiful things, the room will soon be too small to nold them all. The wedding is to be very select and quiet, not too many guests, because there are so many relatives •on both sides that no house in Perth would hold them all if every one were invited. I hear that there arc to be no invitations issued for the reception at the Town Hall next week, in honor of the Governor of S.A., so there is sure to be a big crush on that occasion. Adelaide Terrace, 20th April. A feature of the W.A. boom has been the vast number of reconstructions which have been carried out successfully, and the comparatively few windings-up which have eventuated. This is really a matter for regret. In many instances the expenditure of the whole of the original working capital has but served to show the absolute rottenness of the property, yet this fact is carefully hidden from the shareholders, who, by means of fresh reports no more reliable than those upon which the mine was originally floated, and by other dodges, are induced to put up another .£20,000 or more in order to keep in office a highly-feed but utterly incapable and unscrupulous directorate and officers. Not 2 per cent, of mining reconstructions ever entail other than additional loss on the subscribers. Lucliily for the uuappeasable curiosity of the outside world Cuba iB well fed by cables. There is one stretching from Havana to Key West and connected thence to the United States system. There is another leaving Santiago, touching Kingstown, Jamaica and going tliencc to Colon, on the Isthmus <i Panama. This connects twith the West Mexican and South Ameri •can systems, and there is a third also leaving Santiago (which is a town in Southern Cub), traversing Hayti, touching Porto Rico, the second Spanish naval base, and going thence to Trinidad. This cable coil, nects with Pernambuco, and consequently with the islands Cape de Verde, Canary, Madeira and so on via Lisbon to London. The Contemporary gives the following summary of popular cries in France during the century. It is a long list, and we must be conteut to start wita 1850 : — 1850—" Down with the Assembly. Long live the Envperor." Ill 1852—" Down with the Republic. Long live the Empire." In 185G—" Down with Kussia." In 1859— " Down with Austria. Viv*. 1'Italia. Viva Caribaldi." In 1869—" Down with the authoritative Empire. Long live the Parliamentary Empire. Long live Ollivier." In 1870, in May—" Long live the Constitution. Long live the Imperial Dynasty." In July—" To Berlin, to Berlin." In September—" Down with the Empire. Long live the Kepublique. Long live Trochu." In October—" Down with Trocliu. Long live Gambettii." In 1871—" Long live Thiers. Down with Gambetta." In March —"Long live the Commune. Down with Thiers." In May—"Lone live Thierp. Long live TvT'Mahon. Down with the Commune. In 1872- " Long live Thiers. Vive la,R«*publique." In 1873—"Vive M'Mahon." In 1874—"Vive l'Amn^stie, Dowi with M'Mnhon." In 1879-"Vive Grevy. Down with Gambetta." In 1881—"Down with Gambetta;" In 1881-"Vive Gambetta. Down with Grevy. Vive L^sseps. In 1887—" Vive Cat not. Vive B ulanger." In 1889 -"Down with the Panainisis. Down with Boulnnger. In 1895—"Long live the Tsar." In 1898—"Vive liberty, Equality, and Brotherhood. Down with the Jews. Vive l'Armee. Conspuez Zola." One gets the impression of a national lunatic aeylum. The Spanish fleet comprises some 130 steam vessels, all told, including seven battleships ; while that of America is about 80 altogether, of which 11 are battleships'. A Perth Sunday paper airs its wisdom thusly.—"The most utter nonsense lately appearing in the daily cables is the alleged employment of 2,000 Sioux in the Hispano-Ameriean war. There "re not 200 Sioux in ail imerica, and most of these arc engaged fighting imaginary snakes." As a matter of fact, the Sioux tribe numbers 30,0U0; and in the " Ghost " war against the United States troops some years ago they put 6,000 men into the field. Melbourne " Table Talk" again quotes two. paragraphs from GLARE'S WEEKLY without acknowledgment. This is getting monotonous. The Board of Works, according to a Pekin despatch, has lately been turning out hundreds of steel shields for the Pekin Field force These shields are about the ordinary size of the native war shield and not much heavier. They are claimed to be bullet-proof, ord within each shield is concealed a sword- bayonet which can be made to protrude in front of the shield by simply touching a spring. Armed with these shields a body of soldiers, it is alleged, could "charge with impunity an opposing enemv and put the latter to the sword without any harm to the former." This shield is said to be the invention of an officer ol the Imperial guards, who has declared that • < the new weapon will be more efficacious in the field than the usual bayonet charge. Y.A.J. writes: " That article in your last issue on the Education Department is capital. The same thing applies to the Railway Department, They are ousting men who have been some time in service to put i*i yitfjorjaufl." , V, ,, . Designs for a new Royal Standard and Union Jack, which the Welsh members have suggested to Parliament, have been produced for inspection at the House of ( ominous. In the case of the Royal .Standard, the red dragon, the national emblem of Wales, was placed after the fourth quarter, immediately underneath the Scottish lion, and the arrangement seemed to meet with general approval. The " Dublin Daily Express," leading Tory organ in Ireland, has been bought by a syndicate of which Mr H. Plunkett, M.P., is chairman, and the manager is to be Mr T. P. Gill, the ex-M.P. The paper, it is understood, will now devote its attention mainly to promoting the industrial development of Ireland. Mrs. Reginald Hargreaves, the original " Alice " of " Alice in Wonderland," sends the " >t. James' Gazette" an interesting letter regarding the origion of the famous book to which she has given her name. " Most of Mr. Dodgson's stories," writes Mrs. Hargreaves, were told to us on river expeditions to Nuneham or Godstow, near Oxford. My eldest 6i6ter. now Mrs. Skene, was " frima," mentioned in the poem at the beginning of " Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. I was " Secunda," and " 'iVrtia'' was my sister Edith. I believe the beginning of Alice was told one summer afternoon when the sun was 60 burning that we had landed in the meadows down the river deserting the boat to take refuge in the oi:ly hit of shade to be found, which was under a new-made hayrick. Here from all three came the old ]etition of " Tell us a story "—and so begau the ever-dtlightfui tale. Sometimes to tease us—and perhaps leing really tired—Mr. Dodgson would stop suddenly and say— " and that's all till ftext time." " Ah. but it is next time" would be the exclamation from all three, and after some persuasion the story would start afresh. Another day, perhaps, the story would begin in the boat, and Mr. Dodgson, in the middle of telling a thrilling adventure, would pretend to go fast asleep, to our great disn.ay. I have often thought, with gratitude and wonder, of the unvarying kindness and good nature shown to u«. Alice's adventures were first written down in answer to my teasing wish to po.-sess the story in book form. Long before t his I can remember, in the intervals between photographing one or otherof us. Mr. Dodgson would make quaint drawings in the style of Father Williams, and fit them to a story he told as the drawings were made, sheets of these were treasured by me, but, alas! none remain now. An instance of journalistic enterprise and sympathy has been afforded by and to the proprietors of CLARK'S WEEKLY, (says the Boulder " Evening Star "). On the Monday previous to the last issue the premises where the paper is prod-iced were gutted by fire, ihe type destroyed, and terrible injury done the paraphernalia neces sary to the 'productiou of a newspaper # i>owe splendid type was generously lent by Mr Lovekin of the " Morning Herald," and CLARE'S WEEKLY came out as usual on the next of issue as spick and span and 6picy as ever, The safe in which CLARE'S WEEKLY'S books and documents are kept is one of Withers'. During the fire which destroyed the premises at Station-street the safe was in the thick of the flames and subjected to a great heat. When it was opened the contents were found intact and uninjured. Messrs. Hartle. Gait, Dunn and Co., of The Pantheon, are the local agents for Messrs. Withers and Co., the manufacturers A. native officer of the 36tli Sikhs was shot in the thigh on the return from the Datoi recounaisunce during the Afridi campaign, and although the wound was probed carefully no trace of the bullet could be found. Yet there being no second puncture of the skin it was evidently still in the leg. The wound was swelled terribly, and the wounded man suffered great agony, and it looked as if there would be no other course but that the man should lose his limb. The Rontgen rays were applied, and a mass was found in quite an unexpected place. The surgeons cut down to it and found the bullet—a Blug—absolutely enveloped in the wool of a piece of the man's poshteen which it had taken in with it So enveloped was the lead that it had appea>ed a soft mass wV.en touched with the probe. As soon as it was removed a thorough drainage for the wound was arrived at, the pain and swelling at once subsided, and the limb was saved. This is only one case out o' many, but it is sufficiently illustrative of the horrors which this marvellous invention will save on future battlefields. 