— : A'iVz- RORY LYNCH. BY JOSEPH SMITH. Rory Lynch was born in the Iittle fishing village of Duncleary, that straggles along the edge of Clew Bay, in the County of Mayo, In Ireland. The Irish peasantry are as fond of nicknames as the Latins, and Rory was better known as Rory the Rover, Red Rory, Rory the Fox, than he was by the name be Inherited from his father and re ceived at the baptismal font, the variants being tributes to his vagrant, seafaring life and the brilliant hue of his hair. Besides Ills name, Itory received from his father a heritage of hate— a fierce feud with the rich Ilnmlltons, whose lands touched the starveling farm of the Lvnchs. The origi nal Hamilton and founder of the family was an ex-drummer of a Scotch marching regi ment, who first appeared In Duneleary a few years before the 'OS. This Hamilton— Jio was called Alpin— acquired a competence by thrift and other less admirable means; and during the Rebellion, while he was Lord Dun- deary's land agent and a captain of yeo manry, he sent many a man to the gallows at Castlebar, and, among the rest, Condon Lynch, Itory's great-grandfather. In the generations that succeeded, the Hamiltons managed to send many a Lynch over the sea — either a fugitive to America or a convict to Botany Bay. And while the fires of hat red burned briskly as the years went on, the Hamiltons went on thriving, nnd the Lyncbs grew poorer and more desperate. The long record of wrongs done to his kin was dinned into Rory's ears, and he drank In hatred for the Hamiltons with his mo ther's milk. He hated them cordially, and as a lad he had vigorously thrashed Alpln nnd Walter, the two sons of old "Black" John Hamilton. Anxious to be rid of such pestilent and uncomfortable neighbors, the Hamiltons offered to buy the Lynch farm for a good price, hot Itory rejected their offer with scorn and insult. But rid of the Lynchs, by fair means or foul, the Hamil tons swore to bo; and as tbey were rlcb and politically iufiueatlal, and Providence Is usually on the side of the heaviest artillery, the outcome of the struggle was not doubt ful. Rory Lynch, with true Irish conservatism, followed the ways of his father; but, being shrewder and more industrious, he acquired iu time a half ownership in the fishing smack Blackbird, which had the reputation of being the smartest craft of her kind from the Bloody Foreland to Dingle. Gossip had it that the Elackbird went to tlic French coast oftcner than she did to the mackerel grounds, and the excisemen were very anx ious to ovcrli.v;! her cargoes; hut as the smack came and went at unseasonable hours the custom bouse men were never able to fix a charge of smuggling against the boat- Time and again, under the urging of Squire Hamilton, the "gangers" spread a net for the feet of the smuggler: but the Red Fox was awake, and not to he caught. Bui thonch balked, the snarcrs were not beaten, and Lanty Lannigan, Hamilton's water bai liff, spent ' many an hour : racking his slv brain to arrange baits to trap ltory. At last Liiunigau found a man in Castlebar who was will ing to help the Hamiltons to land Rory in the clutches of the law; and this rogue struck a bargain with the owners of the Biac'sblrd for the delivery of a few kegs of Frencu brandy in a cove a few miles below Dun- deary. When the appointed night came, Walter Hamilton, a squad of police, a couple of excisemen, Lanty Lannigan, and the man from Castlebar were in waiting near the core, like spiders for their files. Bat in some way the thing leaked out. and wh'Ie Rory's friends could not reach him to warn i him" of the trap, they went down to the landing, unknown to the officers, to take a ! hand in the fight that was inevitable. Near midnight the Blackbird came gliding np the bay like a ghost, and slipped Into the cove to the landing place; but her anchor was hardly in the weeds when there was a rush by the officers to get aboard, led by Walter Hamilton. Rory's friends too went for the Blackbird with a roar, and a very pretty fight was the result, heads being cracked with zeal and the silence being broken by oaths and pistol suo.s. \> lien me fight was over and an inventory of damages was taken. It was found that Hamilton's face was smashed to a jelly, Lynch had es caped to the hills, and Sergeant Clancy, of rhc constabulary Was lying dead on the landing. With astonishing assurance Lanni gan volunteered the information that Lynch had shot Clancy, though everybody knew Itory never curried u more deadly weapon than a salmon stick, 'flic dead man was carried to Danelenry, and there was a hue- and-cry for Rory Lynch, but that man took to the bog and the heather, and was "on his keepln'." The Blackbird was In the bands of the authorities, and one of her crew, a poor de vil called Crogan, was locked up in the po lice barracks. Crcgan. under the judicious counsels of Mr. Lannigan. was ready to swear Clancy's murder on Rory Lynch, pro vided he could save his neck and liberty. As he was guaranteed both, and money enough to carry him to America, a warrant for mur- der was Issued, after the coroner s inquest lutd duly fixed the crime on Rory. When this news reached him in his hiding-place, and he learned that a price of a hundred pounds was on his head, Itory realised that the sooner he was out of Ireland the better; for, as he put it himself, "Wance In the clutches of the law In Comiemara, I'd as soon thrust me sowl to the keopln' ay the divll as mo neelt to Counsellor Coffey an' a Castlebar jury." So he supped across country one darl; night and went aboard a boat bound for Bristol; and the day be landed there be had the Queen's shilling in his fist, the recruit ing sergeant snapping him up as n pike docs a worm. When his beard was shaved and bis hair cut and he had donned a red coat, there was hardly a man In Duneleary would have recognised the fisherman in Private Cronln of the 45th foot. Inside of a month his regiment salted from Portsmouth .on the Crocodile, bound for India; and when the oceans; rolled be tween htm uud the land of his birth. Rory . began to breathe . freely. The loss of- his prey deeply chagrined John Hamilton, who cased his feelings by sending a full account of the affair to his sou, .the gallant Major Alpln Hamilton, then ajlterlng- In' the North-west Provinces. -Luni&j;&amllgnn; bemoaned his ill luck and wonder&dwliat; hole the Red Fox had crawl ed Into; while Walter Hamilton kept the )y\uqjJfor a lhbnth, when he came out with his face permanently disfigured and his heart fulJJir-Vfjfflt'' and hate. yMVa'tnvjille the drill sergeant had Hckcd the A&U-fislfmman; into a straight fine-looking sol dier, and one that Captain Markham looked on with special favor. Then the 45th was pushed up north nnd west, and sent to broil and stew in the cantonments of Peshawnr, where Rory grew homesick and longed foi the green bills of Duneleary. But longing did little good, for hot, sweltering Peslinwui was always before his door, and In his mind's eye were Walter Hamilton, the Queen's counsellor, the bewigged judge and the packed jury; so he put away all thoughts of home and cursed behind his teeth. The days grew Into weeks and months, and then came the second stage In Rory's wanderings, and that Is best told In his own way. "The bate an' the flics wor dhrlvlu' us to dlsthractlou an' murdlier In that divll's hole av a cautooninout, whin along kem adbrove av commissioners an' uaygm-s an' eleplian's an' caaicls nn' the devil's own roost of eray- cliuros; an' out we marched bag an' baggage Into the hills, where It was cool, tbaukiu' the devil at his mercy. Three liundhred av the 45th wor slnt as a guard, mesclf among the rest, to guard the commissioners, an' we wor bona' for Caudahar or some other such place, to have a colloguln' match with a king or a rajah, an' to lave him know that av he didn't shtop flghtln' for the Uooshuns we'd be nfther euttln" his lilack throat. Sorra much cared I for the Rooshuns or the rajah, for glad I was to get out av the hot hole an' into the mountains, where I could brc-atlic God's air an' live. "Well, four days out we wor reinforced by two squndbrons of naygur lancers undher command av Major Alpln Hamilton, the bro ther of Waltber, an' the son of ould black John. Me heart was In me mouth; but thin I thought that changed as I was an' the long yours since lie seen me, share he'd never know uie. He rode along our line, cochin' his eye at us; hut I dln't thrust him, an' I slillpped in among the camels out av his jyay. Well, for days I dodged him, playin' hide and seek, but at last he foun' mc. "We wor camped bo the side av a brook wan day, an' I had gone oat undher n big three back av the camels to he be niesclf an'- smoke, an' as I was lukkln' out at the bine mountains an" dhramlu av me poor ould fa ther an' mother back In Mayo, a han was laid on me sbowldbcr, on him that owned the han' said, 'So I've foun' ye at last, have I, Rory Lynch?" An he laffed as eowld an cruel as the hastes in the hills. I knew it was Alpln Hamilton, an though me face paled an me heart stud still, I'd have died there in me thracks rather than let wan av his black breed sec the sign of the craven in rae, or have it to say that a Lynch flinched him. I faced right about like a sojer, salu ted him stiff an' proud, an" lukkiu" him in the eve, sez I to him, Av it's lukkln for mc yc wor, sor, I'm found: for here I am, worse luck! when I wish I was back in Dun eleary.' " 'Take It alsy, Lynch,' sex he. 'Take it alsy. I'll engage ye'll go back to Duneleary soon enough, an' I'll warrant ye a warm wel come from the hangman. "I kf-p" me thuper, for he was a Major, an Rory Lynch a private sojer: but I knew I'd lie undher his black bide before we wor done colloguln. '"Well, sor,' scz I. talkin" slow an' alsy. there's been hangmen and Hamiltons in Mayo tills many a day, and Lynches have swung on the gallows-thrce. hut there's nn- tber hemp nor hangman In Castlebar for me. I know there's wan law for the Lynches an' another for the drummer's get; but mark mc, j Major Hamilton, av I die he the perjury av a i Hamilton or wan of their dirty follow-In', | me debt will be paid In full av' there's powd- ber an ball in Ireland. But I tbin<%t sor, I'll die a naclieral death, like any sojer, aythcr In bed or battle.' '"Yer a loose-tongued hlaggnrd, Lynch,' scz the major, his face white with passiou. 'But kape'yer Irish tongue back av yer teeth here. Ye'll need all yer lirc-ath when Jack Ketch puts the rope 011 ye In Castlebar.' "'Time enough to bid the divll good-mor row when ye meet him, sor,' sez I. me fingers itchin' to squeeze his throat. 'But whether it's here or heyant the say, be sure I'll" die as we always. died, a man, as becomes the son av an honest -woman.' "Then his eyes blazed, for he knew I was talkin' back to Dnncleary's lavlns that married the first Hamilton; an' dhrawln' back, he struck me in the month with his ridin' whip, sayln as he did, "Take that, ye scoundlirel.an' mark my words, hack ye'll go to. Ireland to hang for the murder of Chmer.' "God only knows how I kep me ban's off him; hut I wiped me month with me han slow an' quiet, an' thin I said, 'A sojer may not strike hack at his shnperior officer, even whin he's a cowardly dog; hut plaze God the day Is comin' whin I'll wear another coat, an' then ye'll answer to me for that blow.' "His face got white, an' he turned an' left mc. I lane against the- three, fit to cry, I was that wake, an' only kern to ineself when I h'ard Captain Markham sayln', 'So yer name Is Lynch, is It- an' not Cronln ?' " 'That's me name, sor, sez I. 'It wasn't convayent to have me own on the rlgimlntnl rostlier.' " 'Quite so,', scz he, smllln'. "I didn't In- tind to listen to yer talk with Major Hamil ton; but the fact Is I was asleep there und her the bashes rvhln yez woke me up with yer Connemara rlmlulsccnces. Yer a tenant av his I take It3" "'No! .Glory be to God, I'm not!' Rez I. 'We don't own much, but we'd own more av no thievln' Hamiltons bad ever set fut in Duneleary.' "'Ye have had some throuble at home!" he went on. "Throuble enough, sor," sez I. 'I broke his brother's head in a scrimmage with the gangers, an' eotnehody shot a peeler; an' now the Hamiltons are swearln' the murdlier on to ine, though the Lord knows a blackthorn was the only weapon I over carried until I put on a red coat. It's an ould score they're tbryin' to pay- In their own dirty way. It's what ye mlght.expect from a man that wears a sojer's coat and strikes a Tandy's blow.' "The captain looked me over from head to fut, an' sez he, 'Are ye any soort av a walker. Lynch?' " 'Well, yer honor,' sez I, 'I can walk the legs off any man, camel or divll In this expedition on hill or dale, or In desert or bog. The Lord gev me a purty good pair av legs.' : "Thin Captain Markham looked out av the sides av his eyes, an", spakln" kind of slow, sez he: 'Lynch, It's nhont 50 days' good wal- klu' from here to the say. over the moun tains. marchin' due south into the sun. It's a hard road, an' a had counthry; It's full of wild bastes an wildher min, an' maybe, ye'll never git tin miles from hc-rc. But I'm thinkln' ye'd betthcr thrust yerself to the naygurs an' the Jackals than wait on the mercy av Major Hamilton.' " 'I'm thinkln' that same mesclf, yer ho nor,' sez I, 'for wolves an' randies have as much tludlierness as an Irish judge an' jury with Hamilton an' Lanty Lannigan In the witness box.' " 'Well, mo man,' scz the Captain, kind of brisk, 'If ye wor to take yer rltlc an' ammu nition an' something to ate, an' walk away this very night, I don't think that aylher mesclf or Major Hamilton would find it out torn week.' Aud away he wint, as alsy an' uncousarned as ye plaze. "Faith, I wasn't long In mnkin' up me mind. An' to make a long story short, I gev the sojers the slip that night an' began me thramp over the mountains Into the face av the Ktlll " II. Out In the wild mountains of Afghanistan, trudging wearily towards Beluchistan, Rory Lynch was truly between the devil and the deep sea— between Alpln Hamilton and the Indian Ocean. And that which lay between these extremes of evil was a Pandora's box of troubles — wild blllmcn whose hands were against all men, wild beasts, the hungor of the hills, the thirst of the desert. Even with Itory's equipment of courage and resolution aud nu abiding faith lu his lucky star, his chances of ever reaching ocean anil freedom were slender. Iguoraut of the people aud their language among whom unkind fate was thrusting him, his Journey seemed foolhardy; but he pushed on into the unknown land, anxious to place hill and valley between himself and the British commissioners. Suf- fering from heat and hunger, weariness and thirst, he marched by ulght and rested In ravines and thickets by day, until he was well beyond the reach of pursuit and cap ture. Many a night he spent at the eamp fire of some wauderlng. dark-faced, fierce- looking shepherd, whose frugal meal he shared, and whose puzzled eves told the cu riosity and mistrust with which he regarded this tall falr-fnced wuuderer, with hair and heard of tawny fiame. The days stretched out Into weeks, and yet the progress made towards his goal, the sea, was small; and a month after lii3 flight found him still wltlihi a few hundred miles of his stalling point. But now he began to kuow the couutry, and had learned how to avoid the scattered ham lets, whose dwellers he mistrusted. Soon he noticed a great unrest among the hlllnicu who seemed to he constantly 0l-j the move, gathering on the crests and ridges as vultures flock to a quarry. As he watched tliem from the vantage of rock and thicket he wondered what" it ail meant; but he pushed on, avoiding all hut the lonely guardians of the flocks, trying to put off the Inevitable day when he must fall into the hands of the Ishniucliles. 11.. was now travelling by day, and sleeping at night by shepherds' fires, or in the shelters of rock and cave under the stars. In the Un wholesome air of the hills. His thews and sinews were as hard ns raw hide, and his face was growing browner dally as he marched onward Into the face of the red fierce sun. One night he rested on a hill side to craro the hospitality of a bearded bandit like shepherd, whose fire burned In tlic shadow of a boulder. Below them In the valley Rory could see the flat roofs of the houses of a little village, and on the breeze were borne to bim the Indistinguishable murmur- ings of its life. Their meal concluded, Rory looked the thanks he could not speak, while the slu-n- herd, pointing to the bill slopes beyond, walked off to look to the safety of his folded flocks, for the marauders of the night were prowling and calling In the bills. Then tired wanderer lay down to rest and sleep, and to dream of his distant home beyond the sounding ocean. Ho was rudely wakened to find himself struggling In the grasp of half a dozen -ie; ce looklng lilllmen, who, tying his anil?, led him down tlic mountain side, through the valley, nnd Into the hamlet he had seen from the ridges above. He was thrust in-.r, a room, and left to pas3 the remainder of the night wondering what fate had in store for him. Shortly after the dawn a man c.-imo to the room and led him out through a yard where armed men were stauding and sitting, aud Into a room adorned with a few rude couchc-s nnd mats of skin. In this room, re clining on a couch, was a tall, fair haired man with a iGng brown heard nnd bright, savage looking eyes, no signed to Itory's conductor, who left the room, leaving them alone together. He looked keenly at Itory, who returned his gaze calmly and uufliaeh- ingly, and then he spoke. "Yer an English sojer:" said this man to Rory, in a bread Irish accent. Rory's face was a picture of astonish- ment "as he answered, "I was nntll I desar- tcd." "Yer a C-onnemara man?" continued the chief. "I am," replied Rory, "an troth so are you." The chief bowed his head nnd asked, "What's yer name?" "Rory Lynch." "An' where are ye from?" "From Duneleary In Mayo, to he share." "Holy Virgin!" said the chief, earnestly. "Ye must be the sou av Gerald Lynch an' Kate Cronln." "I am that," responded Rory, In astonish ment. "But, for God's sake, who are you?" "Philip Cronln, your mother's brother." "Mother av God!" gasped Itory, crossing himself. "An' you given op for dead this twintv year!" "Dead or alive, here I am, an' here I've been this many a loug day," said Cronin. "But what bad luck brings you into this God forgotten counthry?" "The luck av the Lynches, the Hamil tons." cried Rory, fiercely. "rvin piiinp nv Crommell on tlilm!" sold Cronin, hotly. "I'd give all the plund'ucr hidden iu these hills for wan minute with me fingers round the windpipe of ould Joan Hamilton." When Rory bad told the story of his mis fortunes the uncle told his. Like his :;e- phew, he had lied Mayo with the stigma of crime fastened on him by John Hamilton, whom he had offended by his open partisan ship of his sister's husband. He joined the army, and was sent to India, and bis restive- ness under discipline kept him in trouble. During an expedition to Kclat some petty act of insubordination subjected him to the cat, aud he was triced to a gun-wheel and lashed. The savage In the man brooded over his wrongs, and one morning -Cronln was missed, and Lieutenant Chisholm w,v; found dead in his tent with a bayonet in his heart. Native cavalry pursued him. lint lie escaped Into the hills and foaud refuge wit.li the lilllmen he now ruled. Ills prowess, daring and skill commended him to the chief, whose daughter be married, nnd to whose office he succeeded; aud in time every robber chief for a hundred miles around ac knowledged him their leader. "An are ye never goln' back to the ould home, Cnclc I'hll?" asked Rory. "Never agin," said Cronln, sadly— "never aglu. Mc bed Is mod, nu' I mus' lie on It. An' you mus' stay hero with me until things quiet down in the hills. There's been a ruc tion up there he Candahar, un' the commis sioners are flying back to Teshawur like hares. The sojers Is scattered an' dead, some here an' some there, an" some are waudherlu" down Into me net, lost In the mountains." They wre interrupted by a tribesman who came in and gave a message excitedly 10 Cronin. who heard him calmly, aud then or dered breakfast. After tbey had eaten. Cronln said, "Rory, can ye handle a sword?" "Can't I, though," replied Rory. 'Ou!.l Tom llavues av the Hussars larned 111c all his tliricUs at the enntoonment, an' lie tue finest Oncer In the North-West. I'll take a rally out av any man iu the hills with a swoord." Cronln brought an ugly-looking heavy yataghan from the corner of the room ami handed It to ltory, saying: "Take that. It's an lllgaut thing for close quartliers, an' I'm tlilukln', from what the hoy said just now, we'll have fun before the sun goes down this night." Then buckling on a sword aud taking a rifle, the elder man handed ltory the arms taken from hitu the night before, and said: "Como! The mln are waltln", an we'll find the lost sojers heyant In the hills. We'll give them a bed that no thrumpet hut God's will lver wake them from." Rory stopped, and polntlug his hand to the hills, cried, "Av the mill over there are the 15tli, thim that I've slep' an" ate will# I'll raise no finger oglust thhu, an' I'll ye to siud tlilm safe into Injy, hut " "Snvc yer hroatli, Rory," said Gi-oiilii, with a hard laugh. "They're not infant In; t they're lancers, with an English officer. Rory's eyes gleamed nnd Ills face flnnicd. and gripping his rifle, be nodded to his u" to go on, and both stepped Into the villas® square, where nearly a hundred fierce-look ing tribesmen, armed with rifles and swortis aud knives, were waiting. With Croni and Lynch at their head, the wild trooi wont up the mountain and iiiaicin' along Its ridge until the ll:" pitched down Into a 11Ilr,",L, rugged pass that opened out Into 11 '"'u broad valley. At u word from Cronln , .Hnomnn disappeared behind trees nnd Mm aud thickets, while he nnd Rory watched the approach of n cloud of dust ?!in down tile valley that soon developed f"' snmil body of mounted men. . Nearer ml nearer tliey came, riding wearily, the faLs looking fagged, the men worn out. i/iliev rode Into the pass Rory clutched rmnln's arm, and said, hoarsely: "It's Alpin Hamilton! God has given our Ininiy into our hads! Itlmliuber, he's mine." Yosl It was Major Hamilton nnd the rem- nipt of his squndron riding to death. As they reached the spot where the pass widened they hnlted to rest men and horses. That was the signal for their destrnctlon, and the bullets of the concealed enemy emp tied the saddles, under Oronln's orders. Hamilton scented to bear a charmed exist ence. He turned his horse to ride for the plain, but before he went many paces, Rory Lynch, who had jumped down the side of the hill, stood lu his pnth, sword In hand. "Get off your horse, Alpin Hamilton," mid Rory. slowly, "an let us see nv yor ns ready with the swoord as yer handy with tiie whip. Get off! Man to man an' swoord to swoord, ye'll die this dny or I will: mo or you will sleep on the hillside this night." Hamilton looked round at the sea of fierce faces: he looked back where his lancers were lying dead In the pass, nnd then his eyes came back to the angry face of Rory Lrncb, whose blazing eyes seemed to buru Into his soul. Alpin Hamilton was no cow ard, but his lienrt failed him for a minute. Then he dismounted and said, slowly, "Well, Rory Lyncli, am I to be murdered or am I to die like n man?" "Alpin Hamilton," retorted Rory, "ye'll not be murdhered. That's n Hamilton tlirlck. not the style av a Lynch. This Is a fair light, man to man an' blade to blade. I'll try an' kill ye, Alpin Hamilton, an' give yer mate to the vultures, an' wipe out an outd score betune your blood an' mine: but nv I fall, Alpin Hamilton, Phil Cronln tlierc will see that ye go free to Injy. Am I right?" Cronln, who stood by, sword In linml, nodded assent grimly. to this proposition, feeling that ho could do so safely. Rory lnul thrown off his upppor clothing and stood naked to the waist, with the yntnghnn grasped firmly in Ills hand. His tn.ll figure was lean and muscular, every tliew and sinew being hard as steel, nnd Ills pose gave evidence of strength nnd activity. Mnjor Hamilton stripped off Ills coat and stood In his shirt sleeves, with n drawn sabre. He was lean and active looking, but lacked the weight nnd reach of his opponent; but lie believed bis skill ns n swordsman would counterbalance any disadvantages of weight and nuisele. He had n contempt for his opponent— the superciliousness of the officer for the private— the squire for the peasant- ami he believed he could run him through In short order. "Are yez ready?" asked Cronln. Both men nodded, and Cronln continued, "Thin go at It!" The men crosdod swords, fencing rapidly anil viciously for advantage, the clashing of the steel making the narrow pass ring, and bringing a glitter to the eyes of the savage billincn, who stood around eagerly watching the strange duel. Rory Lvnch's skill and strength soon began to tell on n.iiiillton, whose breath came In short gasps, and down whose face perspiration rolled, no realised his opponent's cleverness with the sword, and It sent n chill through lihn, although he himself was accounted ono of the best swordsmen in tlio Nortli-West. He knew lie could endure tlio strain but little longer, and that If he were to save his life Lynch must he disposed of soon. Ho laid on Willi renewed vigor, cut and thrust, press- ng Ills .opponent, around whom ho circled like a hawk; but lie soon found how f utile were Ills efforts, for ho was heating ngnlust a swordsman with nn arm nnd wrist of steel, and his hot offensive soon settled flown to a wary and hopeless defensive. It W'as a hawk pitted against n cat. Rory was conscious (lint his focmnn was In his grip, nnd the gleam of triumph that lighted Ills eves chilled Hamilton, who licked his dry ips. From cat-like caution Bory changed to vigorous nttnclc, a torrent of blows wear ing out his foe, who retreated step liy step. He stumbled; his guard was struck down: !"b s"'"-e was knocked from bis grasp, and tvnmt panting, wllil-eyed, disarmed. Ljnelis yntnghnn whirled in the nlr with n wm,1nUlllli1illfiibfiad' nn<3 Ulc" swppt forwhril , t i, a 8wlsb striking Hamilton n, i lie 3nat abovc th0 sh,rt "sr. The girhJ w R nc.rcd tb0 uppk' lts f0l'C0 stag- flnJn£ who. with hands nnd convulsively, fell to the onnn i'! 8 and <lyll'K. Ills eyes, big and "P «t tlio hot, rod sun. He hi" life iTl'ra fT choking gasps ending h s l inn't ,y, ,Lyncb touched the body with " d 1?"' 8Joop'nS dowu, ho took 2e5i « Hamilton sonl from the he said: Sr' nnd' ll0ldl"e " alofl' toth!>'wbe "PBi blm tlmt was to slnd me rial ho g,mi\n,at Cnst,cbnr. I'll slnd this cruel lln,- i i ! 0uld fathpr nn' wrl"E >'ls nroml 1 w'T ' 1 " M1 blm »>ow his hm,. i i . by tbc sword nv n Lynch. an1 lulu- m ? fa u' ''"oa nn' tllc wolves, oJi ' , 18 Il0"cs lo wliltenln' In the dirt. tons!" a dny for th0 Hnmil- nionis,l'nr.,blR R"'or'1 011 the dead mail's gnr- le 'ii , ' PHt " bla clothes, nnd, leaving uncle v,np", \ t.1,clr plm,,lp' '<« SP'1 >>' the vll i'" ' ? 0TPr tbo mountains to Inlo li ni f>ot one of th« troop who rode Mlleil n.wiP»i" 7"?. sp"lp(1: "" been e ,cIrplliiB vultures told all that K rvJrar15' bad bppn n<l<tcd to the Ulnnrtj r(.c„rrt of tlc molmtn|n9 told tuL ,b!l Htr,ulRC story Is easily rpliiivn i K g00f ®ccs of lilf flerce tribe „„i iC,WaS. p?SSPd ou f'om tribe to Inili-m on tb0 shores of the stare of '?Ph '? tbo Possession of a 'After ' K"t of his bandit uncle, big tlie rmi TS1'1? of watching nnd wait ed 'tlir ee l States ship Alleghany visit- 11 tlio ,um st" survey ,iuty, -nnd Rory had and nl!!mt ",! shipping with the crew; In r» yoar Inter ho was discharged eonindsltan"0 0' WhPn tbo Bhlp wcut out 01 a siniii Lr llPb ,now "rcB on n fine farm near all ail i » poI nn tbp const of Oregon, wltH a l frQm Dnneleary, following his he hiK B.of flshlng and farming; and t » mnrriofl. hid never learned the fate of neennnti" hevcr will until the day of final nrimnnf V nrY kept his counsel, more lie m?,i« 1 1 ' blood than ho was when ISeinm i PnBslonnte promise In the encm,. Pass ovcr tho doad body of hla \- —"Harper's Weekly." 