OUR TELEPHONE.- ? ? Now, Exchange, a City Alderman, pIoaRO, Yes, thoro are several at tho Town 'Hall. -? Shall I call Alderaum ? ? Steady on the break. Ah, who is that? Hello there! Sunday Times would like a word. Itignt ! but miua I don't want my name pnblijhad. Very well; but why all this dark and fear« ;ul mystery ? The reputation of the Conucil might suffer if the evidence canie out. Why, what awful thing has it been up to? Oh, nothing ! Still you see wo lmva been holding a grand secret investigation at which over a dozen aldermen have been pre- . sent— -and all are pledged to absolute sileuce. That's how it is that it is such a very open jecrHt wo presume? Well, you seo uo one likes to be behindhand Lu toiling what he knows. Hut are yon not afraid that premature revelations will spoil tbe dramatic effect of the inquiry ? Official iv, of course, we are, bnt aR a matter jf fact, most of us are tumbling over eacih sther to communicate our knowledge to tho papers. And yon naturally have been qnite frank in ? the matter? With certain judicious reservations. In your own favor? Out of consideration for the reputation of the Couucil ! Aud othor reputations don't count, vra suppose ? It's this way, you see, we are a public body/ j wid must do our duty fearlessly. And why not publicly ? For one. thing it would have attracted no notice ! That depends on circumstanoes ! But you have officially decided to make the evideuca public, we understand? Oh ! yes ; it is to be published next week ! Or as much as may be consistent with tha reputation of the Council, eh? Decidedly 1 And now that it can't be kept baok any longer ? There may be something in that. Then the pnblic have not much to be thank* Eul for? , , ' Not much, perhaps I Ting ting. * * ? Hello, Exchange! A Redfern railway porter, please. Well, I don't know that I'll be able to get - 3ne. . No? No. They're frightfullybusyup there, you know. Are they, indeed? And what are they busj at ? Post polishing ! That will do, thank you ! Switch on to ? - port®: ! . Thanks 1 I'd sooner switch on to a whisky nnd soda, if it's all the same to you ! Come off ! . . . ' . . Hello I Is that a. Redfern railway porter? It is ; but I can't stop a blessed minute 1 '. No? How is that? I Bee a chap coming towards the platform in a cab. Well,' and what of that? ? He has a tall hat on. How frantically exciting ! And he has a lady with him, too ! That's interesting ; but why' should it causa you to hurry ? Well, you are fresh ! Why that ohap may - be good for a two bob tip! It would- be at least a shilling if he were by himself, but' liaviug a lady with him — and I'll lay you a Swiss cigar it ain't his wife — he'll probably lash a florin for the poor porter! Bftt if you look round, you may see two jr three old women staggering along under ? jeavy burdens, and in mortal fear of missing iheir train. Of course you will help those ? irst? W-h-a-a-t ! Why you must take me for something soft — real squashy I But there, I nust be off. One moment. Your pretty display of deri- -- lion is all very woll, but aren't you paid to issist all and sundry, and irrespective o£ . jlass, and irrespective of tipsP . . Well, of cours ^if I saw young and pretty firl coming along for a second-class carriage, : vith a big swag of parcels, I might feel dis -osed to. take my tip out in smiles, y'know. ?or a man's a man, even though he ia a rail way porter ! Oh, no doubt. But presumably if you saw i woman dragging three or four children, and carrying a -stock of groceries and drapery, vhile the perspiration rolled off her face, you'd itand by with a grin while she missed her train or want of a helping hand ! 'Scuse me. Swell cove's just getting out 1 ? 3ack in a minute! .... Hello! Aro - rou still there, Sunday Times ? Cripes ! I'v.a lean done in ! Yob; what's tbe matter? You seem flurried. Matter ! Flurried ! My oath ! No tip? Not a ghost of one! They'd only come t? eo someono else off ! Well, you can't expect any sympathy ! Blow sympathy ! It's the chink I want! Ting, ting. .t 