k SUP OF THE PEN. it vra= an Dicky Capital ton's fault. In. toianv respects an amiable youth, he can- i not be pskJ to be possessed of the finetfceling?, and perhaps is not aware of the extent 01 the discomfort he produces in more sensitive people. A. frequenter ol: parties of every description. he is ffend o'f varying the monotony -jf the social ratine by various little practfccs. -Of these his favorite, n-t alas! p-icutttr to himseit, is oam'nio'r Iv known -us spoiling: sporL Whenevei- "Dicky ses % ®ur of people who appear to lake particular delight in one another's society, -shewing a tendency to seek unto themselves retreats, he is never satisfied until, by pjme bold stroke or coimk^ stratagem, fie feas suc'c-c-eded in sepft.i'atiJ-r.c tiic-m; or, least, in niiestroying thdfr enjoyment tfov the rest. v>f one-evwftsife". The htrrVpy possessor of : v$\ exhaustless supply of self-confidence, and th»- nws •SjrazSh 'uTt'tJudenee—vhojeetp of his "tack, 'moreover. being 'from the. nature of their-position oMnpV.rativ.-ly defeo.oe- 3ess—k is needless u-'.d'i that, 'tli.tagr. Diekv nas his failures on record, "the* : are greatly omslrip>.-a in numbers b- iiis successes. So'there is nothing si wonderful in the frxt that Dicky v-a^&t; the bottom of th-Ai: unfortunate- affair with Jack and Ethel. Matters had Hcffg been in a defecate said critical state between those two young I people. Jack, wao had told himself over and over again that Ethel was a flirt and that he, for one, had no mic- Titioii of adding himself to the list of her victims; while Ethel V/&d; relieved her feelings'Vrj repeatedly a&suring; herself that Jack was a cross feilow,who cared for iiotlnns "nut his hooks, and was quite impervious. to the charms of womanhood. But that 'night at the Warrington-^ things really did seem to be teta®^ turn for the better. Elhel had boldly turned her back on half a dozen -other admirers, and Jack, looking down mto lier honest eyes, was rapidly forgetting the doubts and fears which had so torxnented him dtiring the past few youths. There is no knowing what vmtfu have happened had it not been for Dickv, ho oai e up to them at this hopeft. 1 stage of affairs," his shoulders up to his ears, his hair brushed to a nicety, and with the ™ost unmistakable look of mfeehlef in his prominent eve- «G?od evening, Miss Mariner,'" he said. taWng Ethers hand in his and ^u^ezing it with empressment; and then the two poor things, suddenly awakened from SSr dream stood there chiO and helpless while Dickev fired off Ins aecustomed volley of mind, and ventured on one or two little pop-^uns on hfe own account. . •TVIiss Mariner," he said at last, with a satisfied, dance at Ja.c-k's sullen face, ^ave vou been into the conservatory? Thev've put up a lot of pink lamps, and there's the most sumptuous tete-a-tete chair In there that you can imagine:" Ethel looked up at Jack, who stood by. furious and sulky ™ i s Sly S glad to get rid of me. He hasn't the ordinary kindness to res- cue me from this bore. And I'have been so horribly amiable to him," she bought \- ri na - in aesp ' , , , "If she likes that popinjay, let her So with him! I'm sorry for her taste ,thats all," reflected Jack, and in another minute Ethel found herself actually seated in the tete-a-tete chair with Dicky, whose large eyes were rolling triumphantly in the light of the rose-colored lamps. She did not succeed in making her escape till it was time to go home. Jack was nowhere to be seen, and she drove back in the chill grey morning with the heaviest heart she had known for many days. "Ethel," said her mother at breakfast the next morning, "did you have a pleasant time at the "Warrington's?" "Oh, yes, mamma," said Ethel, drearily. She was pale and heavy-eyed. I Think, she had*not slept all night. "And who was there?" went on Mrs a Mariner, helping herself to buttered toast with cheery briskness. Ethel enumerated various people."And Dicky Carshalton," she hastily concluded, "and Jack Davenant." The last name slipped out with exaggerated carelesness. and yet it was whin-ins about in live poor girl's head and had been doing so for the last five or six hours, like an imprisoned bluebottle in a glass. "Jack—Jack—Jack Davenant." Was che never to have another definite thought again? "By the bye," said Mrs Mariner, as she rose from the table, "will you s<-nd n note to Florence Byrne? 3 want her "lo lunch here to-morrow at half- past ®ne—the Singletons are coming." Ethel moved to the writing table, blushing faintly. She remembered that Mrs Byrne was Jack Davenant's cousin. "Half-past one, recollect," cried her mother as she rustled from the room. Ethel listlessly took up her pen, and pulled a sheet of paper towards her. It was not stamped with.the address, but she failed to notjee this, and began at once— "My dear Mrs Byrne." Then she stopped short, and the buzzing In her brain went on worse than ever The note got written at last, all but the signature, and then she wondered drea mily if she would sign herself "Yours very sincerely," or "Tours affection ately." "Ethel!"-called her mother, putting Iter head in at the door. "I am going •out. Give me the note for Florence; I can take it to the office." Guilty and ashamed, Ethel ^seized her pen and wnjte hastily, but in a bold «and, "Tours very sincerely, "JACK DAVENANT.' Mrs Byrne neither came to lunch nor answered the Mariners* invitation. Mrs Mariner expressed surprise at this want of courtesy, and apoligised to the Singletons for having no one to meet them. "Are you sure, Ethel, that you told her the rig-lit day? Florence is in town, I know, and it is so.unlike her to be rude." "I think it was ail right, mamma," Ethel replied vaguely, and never gave another thought to the matter. On the morning of the next day; as she was practising her singing lesson in the holland-shrouded drawingroom, the doOr was flung- open to admit a benign and comely lady, who advanced smiling towards her. "MV S Byrne," cried Ethel, in surprise, rising from the music- stool. Mrs Byrne established herself comfort- ably in a deep arm-chair, then beckoned to the young girl with a w..-n-£iovea finger— " "Come over here, Ethel." Etiiel drew a stool to the other, side, and' sat down,"smiling, but mystified. Mrs ISvrne played a little with the clasp'of the silver-mounted hand-bag which" she carried, and from which, having at last succeeded in opening it. she produced a stamp.-d envelope addressed to herself. "Do you know that hand-writins?" she Kaid, .flourishing it before Eth-i'* -astonished. eyes.- "It is my own: .1 wrote to ask you to lunch," pwr Ethel- answered simply; while the thought flashed across her mind; that Mrs Byrne had probably gone mad. . .. . . . "Head it, then,", cried the with an air of suppressed amusement which lent color to the motion. licr 'y.vn handwriting, "Yours v siu- •merely, "JAClv DAVEKANT." " Why, what- does it r.>-.-.nv" she crfeA 5.1 last in a hoarse voice, lor it secrat^i that suiiit fiendish magic had been at work. "That's what I w»?u to know." Mrs Byrne answered more gently. "J ra-eived VU---- note til-: day V-tv-re :•<.'. tf-rds.y.Theiv. uas no address. <="id the handwriting was certainly not -lack's. K-or is vny eousin iii the least likely to ix site me to lunch his eh?mibev.<. 8': i mote to him at -once, -a-sd told him drop in to dinner if he had anything say to me." i^+^hr-l had r sen to her "i—et. and was piWvSlia- a- little fV-TOen smile on h-7- fa«-e; "t.rr. .-it. UuV p^t sh - broke m -how him--*«r Dnvomuit. the "Ttyrne no;ld.-<5 She was not at BTf-rsou os: delicate peremptions, and haa^ lirft bent on 3. 'little harmless^ aniu.s -n.jent; but f-3- some reason the amusement was iiCt'forthcoming, Ethel clapped h4? cold hands together iii c. frenzy of despair. She know that Jack was familiar with her handwriting; had he not made little criticisms. severe tender, on 'the occasional nofep of imitation wiii.in .-lie had add rc-wed to 'him? -.Tack -said h- knew nothing the note, and hadn't the ghost -..f as; idea \vhai it meaxit." Oh, Jack, Jack." < ried heart in parenthesis, ''"what mnst think of p„ ni? vV ,, nt rtn .Aliison . iu" j a t, r, and the mystery was i..j i . ar ".; d up SJ)e ,-,-cognised your handwriting and w- eouelud-d that yon had ^^ fjt a„ K , nic0 of niit id. Poor " " . Uow did was stvuggH lls >- vo recover her ^ ^ of min<j. , tfrmv could j hav,-. maa. ? sw h u very a mlslake?» .-he said, with a short • i suppose I was pursuing some • - ' of aioup - ht . r ha-3 met your couy b0for t -you J; ? „ lm 0 W how it IP. ,- . r ,= . Mrs Byrne was son-y f-r tne -n l , d,.- tret-s. "H ^ a mistake tl.r.t anyone m,ght nave made, though yon -must own that H was rather funny. Howeve^ 1 can n^ure you th,s-it wo 1 t |;et any l ur- J=»ck js scarcely likely to tell, and '^s sworn on ner honor Rthel laughed again.««amnglessly. As far ns she was concerned, the world welcome to know it now deeper dis- ^',ce could befall her. "I wonder ,t he is shrieking with laughter, or merely with disgust," poorer! thought, when her obtuse and amiable v.sit-or had at last departed. "Oh. how I hate hvm .^v I hate him: winch was hard on Jack, consider,ng that h.s conduct ,n the matter had been njeproachable. But Ethel was m no mood for j sttce It seemed to her that she had utterly betrayed and disgraced herself; that never again could s l i f ^ ^ ^ V c ^ l world where Fiance B, MUson. and abo, e all. Jack Dav enant lived, moved, and had their being. Sick with shame, hot and cold with „„. uich> poor Bthe i Pat cowering in the dm. in „ foom like a guilty thin " astonished her familv at dinner that evening 1>v by inauh.i inquiries es a as s to to the state of of the female labor market in New Zealand. Uncle Joe, a philanthropic parson, who happened to be of the party, delighted to find his pretty niece taking an interest in so serious a subject, delivered short lecture about it. Ethel sighed at hearing that there was so little demand for the work ol" edu cated women (save the mark!) in that distant colony, and liegan to turn lier thoughts towards Waterloo Bridge •'Ethel funliK ou Ijoino- jin old mtiid- Sli knows that positively any girl can lasoo a husband in New Zealand," her brother Bob remarked, in a challenging tone. Ethel bore it with uninteresting meekness; perhaps she told herself, she was a husband-hunter after all! After dinner she put on her hat and stole out into the street. She had been indoors all day, and could bear it no longer. The June evening was still as light as day, and simple-minded couples were loiterin with frank affection in the park. She had not gone far when she saw a large, familiar ligure bearing down in her di reef ion. r Oh, how I hate Tiim—I hate him," she thought again, while her heart beat with maddening rapidity."If he lias a spark of kindness in him he will pretend not to see me." , But Jack, for it was he. made no such pretence. On the contrary, he not only raised his hat but came up to her with outstretched hand. She put her cold fingers mechanically into Ms, and scanned his face; there was neither mirth nor disgust in it. and the thought, flashed, across her, chilling, while it relieved her, that he attached little importance to an incident to which she, knowing her secret, had deemed hut one interpretation possible. And then, before she knew what had happened, Jack was walking along by her side, pouring out a torrent of indignant reproaches as to her desertion of him in favor of Dicky Carshalton, at the Warrington's party. "It is you," cried Ethel, with spirit, for the unexpected turn of affairs restored her courage; "it is you, Mr Davenant, who were unkind to stand, by and let old friends be victimised, without striking a blow in their behalf! Pray what did you expect me to do? Was I to have said. "No- thank you, Mr Carshalton, I prefer to stay with Mr Davenaiit?" "And, if you had Said that, would it have been;true?" She changed her ton© suddenly. "Dicky is such a bore! I think I prefer anyone's society to his." Jack stopped short in the path, seizing both her hands, and looking down at her with stern and passionate eyes. "Ethel," said he in an odd voice, "it's no use pretending. You do think of me sometimes; I happen to know it." She was looking up at him: but at this allusion the sweet face flushed and dropped suddenly. "Ethel," Jack's deep voice sounded stranger and stranger; was he going to iaugh or cry? and why on earth did he spealk so low—"Ethel, do you know what signature I shouid like to see to your letters?" Tihis was too much. "No, I don't!"—she lifted her flushed face; the cruel tears shone and smarted in her eyes. "Can't you guess? 1 ' "No." . The momentary defiance had died; a very m^-ek whisper came from the pale lips. "Can't you guess? Then shall I tell you KrTv^l? "Ethel Davenant"—that's what T should lllie to see at the bottom of all your k-tfeif. Fhail I ever see it?" "Javk!" Purl h--r exnlnnation is needless. When next they met Mr Carshalton both .Tack and EUu-1 were beyond the reach of his manoeuvres.— "West X.oihian Courier." Always give the morning meal warm, and as early as possible after th-:- fowls .come off the roo.-i. Always improve your poultry yard, and also the stock you keep i:i it at every opportunity. A good bird takes no more feed than an inferior one, and the return" is more sati,"factory. 