Phantom Avengers. THE WEIRD EXPERIENCES 03? AN AUSTRALIAN PIONEER. . SI- E, V. GIUVES. Looking back on my long life of dare-devil adventure in the Australian backwoods, I often wonder whether there is really some " Spirit of Justice"-some avenging angel-which acts as, the Nemesis of wrong-doers in those wild parts ! of tho earth, whero prosaio police protection is' as yet unknown. At any rate, I want to tell you in theso few pageB of a few remarkable, not to say extraordinary, occurrences that have happened in my own experience, and which are absolutely incapablo of explanation on ordinary grounds. In those days I was a stalwart and even gigantio specimen of an Australian pioneer, little given, as you may imagine, to idle dreaming and hysterical fancy. In fact, I have always had a strong conviction that uncanny sounds, spectral visitors, , wondrous dreams, and such*like visionary' i matters wero tho result of optical illusion or mental derangement, or else were attributable to some very simple, or oven ludicrous, cause. The stories I am about to relate, however, do not accord with my theories or the theories of anyone else. For myself, I offer no explanation of these things ; but I will simply proceed to tell in a straightforward manner the details of the affairs precisely as they happened. X. Somewhere bock in the early sixties I found myself workiug for a shanty.keeper, whoBe atore lay botwcen Durham Ox and Echuca, in Victoria. My summer camp at that time was on a beautiful lagoon near the main road ; and, when this story opens, I and a lot of miners, prospectors, and traders were having a glorious free and easy time, doing sufficient work and making monoy ac a rate which kept us in all the comforts'and most of the luxuries that are to be looked for in that part of the world. One splendid suramor'a evening, just as twilight was fading into darkness, I was sitting in front of my tent, gloomily watching tho shadows fall, and thinking how muoh better I might do if I really applied myself seriously to work. The water in the lagoon before mo was fast drying up under the great heat that pre vailed; and I remember my eyes wero wander i ing idly over tho expanse of mud and water, | when, swift as lightning, I beheld a tall black shapeless thing rise out of the grey-green mud , and glide towards the road. I gave i cry, leaping up from my camp.ohair, and dashed at my utmost speed after the vanishing Some thing. On reaching the road, howeVer, there was nothing in the world to be aeon, save the never-ending expanse of dusty track that atretohed right away through the hot and dreary wilderness. I couldn't make it out at all. The figure seemod to rise out of tho ground at my very feet, and pass swiftly through the air. How over, after turning over various explanations in my own perplexed mind, I gave up tho riddle and went to bed. Next morning I re turned to work as usual in the shanty, and the day passed away in tho ordinary manner. Evening began to fall again, and after the day's work was done I sat down comfortably to my glass of grog, and prepared to listen to a description of some bush fires by a well-known local sheep farmer, who had dropped in for a drink and some gossip. Old Jimmy Alaoleod had got to tho exciting part of his story-scores of men trying to smother tho flames with wot blankets and that sort of thing-when suddenly there was the sound of hastily advancing foot steps, and a carter dashed unceremoniously into the bar. Ho seemed both excited and alarmed. "Boys," lie shouted, "I've seen a ghost I {There's no mistake about it," ho added, as he saw the looks of derision and in credulity on our faces^; " and, what's moro, the thing actually rode a couplo of miles on my wagpon !" Now, this same carter, Jack Thompson, was well known in the district is ore of the most steady and sober-going of his kind. Usually he was an imperturbable and unemotional person -the last, in the world 0110 would suspect of belief in supernatural occurrences. II You know," he said, "how tho old road winds across the plains ?" Wo nodded. " Well, my team was plodding on towards tho deserted hut"-we knew it well-" and just as I got level with the windowless walls, a tall, dark figure, liko a woman muffled olosely iu black, glided out from tho ruined hut, right on to my waggon, and there sat beside mo ! I thought at first it was one of tho boys playing pranks, but I must say I was a bit scared, all the same. Naturally enough, I cried, n Who are you, and what do you want ?" but I got no answer. I then turned to look at my mysterious passenger, and -1 was immediately struck with horror to notice that she had no head I Boys," pursued tho carter, impressively, as lie gulped down another glass of whisky, I never felt so terrified in all my life-not oven when I was lost in tho bush six years ago this Christmas. I tell you I was fairly paralysed with fear, and I sat liko a stono till I reached the big lagoon. Then, hearing a rustling sound at my sido, I ventured to turn again, and was immensely relieved, I need hardly say, to seo my unwelcome freight gliding away in tho darkness, and subsequently disappearing in tho mud." Of course, overybody present ridiculed tho Btory-myself among tho number. In a way, I was obliged to laugli with tho rest, bocause if I had shouted out my story, they would have said at once there wero two fools in tho neigh bourhood instead of one. Well, strangely enough, within tho next fourteen days two other men of widely different temperaments-one an American missionary, | and tho other an English surveyor acting on I behalf of a London syndicate-camo into our | shanty with practically the very same story ! j This brought a ohango over tho neighbourhood, ; and it was unamiously decidcd to hunt forth | with for tho Wharparilla ghost. As all our . witnesses wero agreed on one point, wo docided . to commence operations by a search of tho now 1 completely dried up bed of tho lagoon. Still keeping tho details of my own vision strictly to myself, I led a small party of men with I picks and Bhovols to the spot whoro tho figuro always vanished. Most of the fellows wero ! laughing and joking, and thinking it grand fun, 1 but it was easy to see that they wore a good \ deal disturbed. We dug and searched horo and thore for about two hours, and wero got ting pretty tired of tho job, I must say, when wo heard a loud cry from old Maclcod, and on turning I saw him holding his pick in tho air with a long bono attached crosswiso to tho point of it. We all mado a dash for the spot, and in a few miuutes had unearthed tho com plete Bkoleton of a woman-but tho skull was missing ! On tho bare bones of one hand were three lieavy, old- fashionod gold rings. 1 needn't bother you with further details. Tho polico, after many mouths of wearv search, pieced together tho whole story of tho nrime. It seoms that, about four years bofore my story, a shepherd lived with his wife in tho old ruined hut on tho road-side. One day tho woman disappeared altogether. Naturally in quiries wore made by tho neighbours, but they wore always met with tho story that tho man had been doing badly, and had sent his wifo away to Melbourne, whero ho himself intended soon to join her. Cortainly, tho shophcrd did disappear after a timo, but instead of going to Melbourne ho mado straight for Tasmania. Tho murderer, for Buoh he proved to bo, was ulti mately brought all tho way from Tasmania and confronted with the headless skeleton and tho rings. Ho at onco confessed that ho had killed tho unfortunate creaturo, because ho suspeotcd her of infidelity. Curiously enough, tho miss ing head of tho murdered woman turned up accidentally later on, and it was aotually claimed by tho finder, who stuok it up on hia mantolpicco, solely in ordor that ho might havo Bomo tangiblo illustration of this rcmarkablo story, which ho retailed to ovory person who passed that way. Tho murderer, by tho way, I was promptly hanged in Bendigo Gaol, aftor i the usual formalities had been gone through. 