AN^AfiSTRALtAN NOVEL A True Stoiy of Northern Queensland. IN SIXTEEN PARTS PART III (CONTINUED.) BY CAPTAIN LAOIE» A YE, scoundrels and murderers ' - J\ they are, captain. Hardy must be d&d;, andi-onlygot away by the skin.oT nay teeth, and ju6t-*.s you see me. slicoulSn't even \jet musket,* hastily exclaimed Farrell. \- As the group gathered round hira, Farrell told his story which the reader knows up to the point of Bloomfield's and Jarvis's return to tbe brig. It seems that after the four men had eaten supper, Farrell asked Bloomfield if the skipper had given any orders about how the watch should be kept Me replied that Jams and Hardy were io keep the first watch, while Farrell and himself should take the second. This arrangement Farrell appeared to think very satisfactory, and about ten o'clock heretired 'to his bunk to have a few hours' sleep, or rather that was his excuse. He was impressed with the idea that something was wrong, and action was speedily required. Supposing bis suspicions were groundless, what a fool he would make i>f himself if he put into execution his ideas. After long and troublous meditation Farrell resolved on a certain course which would bring matters to a crisis. That was to seize Bloomfield and Jarvis and keep them secured until he had in opportunity of going on shore and seeing what really was happening. It was so unlike the skipper to leave his ;vessel even for a single hour in such a place, and try to think well of Bloomfield's story as he might, a haunting suspicion that it was untrue clung to the seaman. In the earlier part of tbe evening Farrelfnad whispered his suspicions to Cardy, who was just as faithful to the 'captain as was Farrell himself. Though no plan of action had been decided on, Faitell knew well he could depend on 'bis comrade, and after long thought bis resolve was taken. In dealing with Bloomfield and tbe hunchback, Pete well knew he bad no mean opponents to contend with, yet the fact did not deter or alter his resolution. » It was one o'clock when he turned out to take his watch with Bloomfield, and for nearly two hours all went well. For the whole of that period Sarrell bad been watching his opportunity to spring upon and overpower his comrade, but the opportunity never seemed to come. At length it became clear, that. Bloomfield was just as alert in .watching Farrell as was the faithful seaman in seeking achance against the traitor. \- This fact only strengthened Pete in his''suspicions that a pic; was well on foot against the crew of the Pandora, and maddened by the watchfulness of his now recognised antagonist, Farrell decided to act openly. There were no weapons handy, and as daylight was approaching he decided to use mere force and overpower his mate. Bloomfield was a man of uncommon strength, but Farrell was very hercules and had no fear of the result of a handto-hand contest After waiting his opportunity he suddenly seized Bloomfield, who certainly did not expect the attack. As the young ruffian tried to call for assistance Farrell nearly strangled him, and things would bave been very serious for Bloomfield bad not help came to his aid. Ashe and Farrell; were straggling en deck Jarvis came to his com pinion'*, aid. He had been hiding qpiongst some casks, and armed with . a belaying pin hetnadeasavage blow at FarrelL It was well fqr tbe latter that he ,saw the evil-faced fellow in time to avoid the deathly blow. Tear- . ing himself from the grip of Bloomfield he jumped to his feet and dealt Jarvis «terrible blow, which sent faint reeling eevemlyardtjback, while at' the same time P&e; *Sfied fbuaiy tor Hardy. The momentary/diversion aided bloomfield who,when'released! rushed to where the muskets were secreted. Knowing full well that dealb was certain if he stopped, Farrell ran to the boot, and catting the painter, gave it a tremendous ,shove off. As be did- GO a shot sounded on deck, followed by a low cry . from Hardy. Seeing that Farrell was escaping, the ruffians loBt no time in endeavoring to prevent his flight There was only the one boat on the brig, and if lost would be very serious. If Farrell got off clear it meant that they would be unable to get ashore in search of Nell and Mrs Young. In spite of all they could do, Farrell managed to escape, though many shots were fired after him. Nevertheless, the occupant had a narrow escape, for two bullets struck the craft close by him. To make matters worse, he was in doubts about Hardy, though he concluded he was dead. It would have been madness to return to the brig unarmed in search of Hardy, so he pulled to the shore in the hope of finding the party. When he landed be soon found his friends. When he had finished the narrative, Cooney said: •What do you think ought to be done now, Pete ? Those riiffians have still the upper hand, though, thanks to you, we are in a much better position.' ' I've been thinking that the best plan is to try and get back to the brig. There are six of us, leaving Nell and Mrs Young out, and I don't see why we shouldn't be able to overpower them. There is no other way as I can see,' concluded FarrelL ""•I believe in that idea,' interrupted Walker. 'We must get back to the brig by hook or crook. To stay here would be worse than death, for we haven't got food, and must be miles away from Sydney.' • We're a long way from Sydney, that's certain, and I'll willingly risk my life to get possession of the good old ?hip. Don't you think it would be better to see the scoundrels and try to come to some terms with them They are not in a very safe position,' replied the captain. 'Terms, man?' echoed Kinloch. • Terms with thieves and murderers ? Don't think of it, skipper, for it's either death to us or death to them. We must not give or take quarters. I think that Pete's idea is the best, and I will be glad to make one to attack the brig.' A prolonged discussion ensued over the proposal, and at length it was agreed upon. Though only one gun was in their possession, the skipper showed how the boat could be protected to render it comparatively safe from the bullets of the ruffians, but as it would be necessary to take all, in eluding the women, the idea was abandoned. As blacks were supposed to be in the vicinity it would be dangeroup to leave the women on shore unarmed, and that fact caused the captain to withdraw his proposal There was also work to be done on land which might occupy some time The search for Young, now known to be alive, and also for Sidmouth was to be prosecuted, whilst burial was required for poor Thorns. One more pressing importance however was the necessity of obtaining some food, for with the exception of Farrell, none of the party had eaten anything since the previous morning. For this purpose the men broke up into twos and made a search just below tbe neck of the peninsula. There they discovered an ample supply of bananas, which afforded nourishing food and considerably cheered the spirits of the party. In order that a surprise should not be sprung upon them a watch was kept from the hill on tbe brig. It seemed scarcely probable that Bloomfield and Jarvis would attempt to land, though tbey could easily find means to do so. With the empty barrels and spars a small raft could be constructed to take them to land, yet it was hardly expected that they would attempt it. In fact, it would have been only tempting Providence and playing into the hands of the party on shore. Therefore none of the party anticipated such an act on the part of the conspirators.- As soon as they ate their fill of bananas, .small parties were formed to prosecute the search for Young and Sidmouih, while the captain and one of the men attended to the burial of Henry Thorns. Ellen took up a position on the look-out, armed with the musket Mrs Young joined Kinloch and Murdoch, who formed the mangrove swamp searchers. No traces of Young could be found in the mangroves, and that was not to be wondered at in such a place. What troubled them most was the fact that a man in Young'6 state could not long stand the exposure and privations he must en counter in such a place, and it seemed certain that if he was not soon found death would result From noon until after three o'clock the heat was intense, and feeling a necessity for conserving the men's strength for the approaching attack which was to be made on the brig, Cooney ordered tbem to rest during the period in the welcome shade on the hill side. Shortly after three o'clock Walker went down to the river for some water, an old bucket having been found in the boat. He struck the bank close to the point at which the men had landed on the previous day and turned a few yards out of his way to have a look at' the grave of his late comrade, Thorns, who had been buried close to where he'was shot As be pushed his way through the intervening scrub and emerged on a small opening on the river bank be paused in pleased but curious astonishment, for there standing over the newly made grave was the missing man Young looking down on the fresh earth with wild and staring eyes. Fearing that he should again give them the slip, Walker went round to the rear so a6 to get between ,the seaman and the mangrove swamp, and -then quickly approached, calling faim by his name. Young turned at the sound of the voice but betrayed scarcely any recognition, and Walker rightly concluded the unfortunate man had lost his reason. Come along with me, Bill, old boy, and get something to eat. You look half dead. What has happened you ?! spoke his comrade, laying a strong hand on his arm and pointing towards the hillside. For a moment or two a flash of intelliger.ee gleamed out of the man's eyes and he feebly pointed in the direction of the swamp, and then put his hand on the top of his head. Walker did not wait for further talk, but finding Young docile as a child, gradually led him back to the camp, where the appearance of the muchsought man gave unbounded satisfaction. Captain Cooney had a thorough knowledge of practical remedies for ordinary injuries, and a short examination soon convinced bim that Young had received a murderous blow on the head which had unhinged his mind. In such a Climate, and wandering about without food as the unfortunate man had done, the wonder was the blow bad not made him a raving lunatic. As it was he was more imbecile than violent, and the skipper told his wife and his comrades that with rest, food, and nursing he had every hope that tbe injured man would recover in a few days. ' It's no use worrying him now with questions. He wants sleep. Give me that cloth yonder, and when we bind his head he must be madesleep. The want of it is killing him,' concluded the skipper. The truth of this was soon apparent, for when the man's injured head had been-attended to and food given him he almost immediately dropped into a deep sleep, from which it was expected he would awaken much better. Mrs Young watched over him to keep off the irritating insects .which swarmed around. PART IV. As evening approached, Captain Cooney and Murdoch decided to again cross the ncck of the peninsula to where tbe wild bananas grew and get a further supply of the fruit, and in the meantime Kinloch and Walker, with Ellen, were busy constructing a kind of rough shield to serve as a protection in the attack on the brig. They had also made half a dozen stout ropes from some tough creepers which grew around. These were so formed that they could be thrown over the bulworks, and holding there, would afford a means for the attackers to clamber on board at different points. The more they considered the undertaking the better seemed their chance of success, and the trio worked with a cheerfulness which for the last twenty-four hours had been unknown to them. As Captain Cooney left the camp Ellen called to him: 1 Take the gun, father, as you might want it over there. We are quite safe here,' ' I don't believe there is a blackfellow in the whole district, Nell. We haven't seen a'trace of one, and those scoundrels were only adding to the budget of lies they told us when they said the place was swarming with them,' cheerily and confidently responded the old captain. ' But there may be wild beasts in this unknown place Be on the safe side,' urged the girl. 'Come on, Murdoch, and don't mind the little wench. We'll be back in half an hour,. Nell,' and Cooney waved his hand to the girl as be strode away with his companion in the direction of the banana growth. ' It's more than half an hour since father left. More like an hour,' Ellen said to Walker as she noticed the long absence of her father. 'They surely couldn't get lost If they don't soon return I'll fire off the musket as a signal,' she concluded. As if answer to the words a haggard blood- stained man burst into the camp with the portion of a spear projecting from his right shoulder, and in an instant all recognised Murdoch. 'QuickC he gasped, 'the skipper may be killed. The blacks attacked us—a hundred or more of them—and you see I did all I could to save the captain, but it meant death to me also. There were too many of them, and I came for help,' he cried. White as a ghost, Ellen had jumped to her feet, and seizing the musket, called on Farrell and Walker to follow her, but the wounded Murdoch stepped in front. I must go with you. Cut this cursed thing off short, Peter, so that it won't catch in the scrub. You don't know where to go, but I'll show you, be exclaimed. In a moment Farrell was using his knife, and soon the spear handle was cut off close to the shoulder. The operation must bave inflicted exquisite torture, but ; Murdoch stood it without wincing, and then' oblivious of the agony he was suffering, the brave man turned and led the way quickly from the camp in the direction of the peninsula neck. It was not more than a quarter of a mile distant In twenty minutes the spot at which the fruit grew was reached, and there tbe attack had taken place. According to Murdoch's narrative, scores of aborigines had suddenly appeared and hurled a cloud of spears at the two men, all of which the seaman managed to avoid but one. The spear volley was followed by; a rush of the natives, which separated the captain from his companion. The latter heard Gooney call out once, 'Tell Nell !' and then all was still save the guttural cries of the blacks as they surged round. Seeing the absolute folly of attempting to bold his ground against such oaas, toe seaman cut down one. gigantic native with his cutlass, and taking advantage of tbe momentary check it caused, retreated to the camp. This was the substance of bis story. As it was highly probable that the aborigines would still be lurking in the vicinity, extreme caution was used in approaching the banana grove. The men walked in front of Ellen, carrying large pieces of thick bark to ward off the spears, and it was well the precaution was taken. Scarcely bad the party reached the north portion of the grove when twenty or thirty spears were hurled at them, and in a moment a score of natives could be seen running from tree to tree. As the spears flew past, several being skilfully glanced off by the men, Ellen raised the musket and fired at one of the most prominent of the blacks. The shot took fatal effect, but left the party comparatively unarmed Yet all danger was past The thunderous report of the explosion reverberating amongst the hills and gullies, coupled with the deadly result, had rendered remarkable effect on the foe, who wildly scattered in all directions with cries of terror. It was the first time the tribe had ever come into contact with firearms. Seeing what had occurred, the girl and her friehds at once began the search for Captain Cooney, and though no one cared to voice the feeling, all regarded the quest as hopeless in so far as finding the old man alive was concerned. Murdoch led tbe searchers to the last point at which he had seen the skipper, and there ominous crimson stains bore eloquent testimony to what had happened. For some distance tracks were followed until a spot was reached, which showed plainly where the old man had fallen down in all probability, dead. Yet there was no sign of the body, and it became clear that the natives must have carried it away. There was just a gleam of hope that he might be alive and captive in the camp of the blacks, and for more than an hour the party searched the neighbourhood in the hope of discovering some clue to the missing man. As night was fast approaching, Farrell suggested the necessity for returning. ' We can do no good here in the dark, Mistress NelL Let us go back to the camp and see what arrange- ments we can make to get back your father. Don't give way for there is yet hope,' he said. Passively the stricken girl suffered herself to be led back, and it was indeed a mournful party which rejoined Mrs Young and her still sleeping husband on the peninsula. The spear wound in Murdoch's shoulder was causing him great pain, and if the jagged head was not taken out serious consequences might ensue. In her deadly grief Ellen did not forget others, and the first thing she did on entering the camp was to extract the spear head. This was a regular surgical operation, but the girl did not shrink from the task, and with as little pain as possible the weapon was taken out, and instant relief followed. It was a time for action and not for useless regrets, and soon the whole party, with the exception of Young, were engaged in an earnest conference. Everything was ready for the attack on the brig, save the presence of Captain Cooney, and his daughter seemed loth to embark'on the enterprise until she had assured herself of her father's fate. It may mean loss of life to attack the ship, and we can't afford to lose one amongst us. One day surely ought not to make any difference, and I don't feel fit to do anything until I find father,* the girl said. ' But if we get possession of tbe brig to-night, Mistress Nell, it willput tis in a far better position to get the captain —God bless him—back. We would all be armed then, and if these niggers have injured him we could have vengeance,' argued Farrell.' ' I've heaTd it said that these natives are mortal afraid of darkness and will not fight in the night-time. If we're not going over yonder,-' and Kinloch pointed to the brig, 1 there is no -use wasting time sitting here.' • What would you do, Sandy?' said Farrell. Wait till the moon rises and go after those murdering blacks. You and Walker and myself could follow them and the rest stay here,'-he said. • ' I must go too, Sandy, and if the boat is used we qm get light into tbe part where we left off the search this evening. Oh, I must go I Even now they may be torturing.my poor' father. I've read somewhere they do such things,' cried the girL 'I never heard as bow thesis Australian black's tortiires prisoners,' interjected Walker. After further discussion, it was decided that instead of attacking the brig a search party should be formed to go in quest of the lost captain. The night would be a bright moonlight it seemed, and the fires of the " blacics would form a good means of ascertaining their whereabouts. Murdoch would remain behind with Mrs Young and her husband, as.he was not in a fit state to prosecute : the search. This was the resolve taken, and it was attended with fatal consequences to all concerned. Had the attack on the brig been undertaken instead, matters might have turned out very different It was 'shortly after nine o'clock, when Ellen, accompanied by Kinloch, Walker, Palmer, and Farrell, entered the boat and began to make their way up stream- For a mile the winding turns were followed easily enough, but as the ranges were entered navigation became more difficult. The current Was more rapid, and occasionally huge l6ge obstructed the stream. When four miles were traversed it was decided to leave the boat and search the ranges. To BE CONTINUED. ., 