ST. PAUL'S. The Bishop of Newcastle occupied the pulpit in the morning. He chose his text from Matthew, xviii., 18,19, 20. In referring to the constitution of the Church, be said that Christ in* founding it did not lay down any definite laws and ordinances for its guidance, but that the Church had assimilated from its surroundings such forms and customs as were deemed necessary. Xu that way had the idea of a churoh congress ariseo. As we were to-day governed under Parlia ments'and Assemblies, so it was deemed neces sary for the church to have its “ Parliament.” in which the clergy and laity could meet and discusß the questions of the day that nffeoted the spiritual welfare of the people. It was not to be expeoted that the result of their deliberations would be perfect. It was only a perfect organisation that could do perfect work, and while men are fallible oo organisa tion could be perfect. The result would, however, he hoped, be beneficial to all con cerned. It was a great pleasure to him to be once more a fellow* worshipper with one on whom he had laid the hands of ordination. The present vicar of St. Paul's was a man who had worked with him for many years, and now that he had left his diocese there were many who remembered with pleasure the period of his labor amongst them. He was pleased to know that the Bishop of Ballarat had given him diocesan as well as parish work. He had done it before, and done it well, and, perhaps, none could fill the position he now held better. The choir rendered the anthem, “By Babylon's wave,” and also the offertory, “Come, Holy Ghost." Tho evening service was very largely attended. The sermon was preached by the Primate of Australia an»l Tasmania, Dr Sautnarez Smith, who delivered an eloquout address from Haggai, ii., 4—“Yot now, be strong,” Ac. Prior to the - service his Graoe was welcomed by the vestry in tho G.F.S. room, when Mr John Robson on behalf of the trustees, and Mr Chamberlain for the vestry, extended a welcome from the parish. The Primate having briefly and suitably responded, the procession was formed, and, marshalled by Mr Robson, entered the church. The anthem for the evening was “Gloria in Excelais,” and during the offertory Mr Jsmeß Rlagrath ren dered the solo “Calvary.” 