Country News PORT ELLIOT, Octolber 31. On Sunday tihe anniversary services in connection with tue Congregational Sun day-school were successfully carried out, ?when Rev. Mr. Nichols, of YankaJilla, preached morning, afternoon, and - even ing to good congregations. The choir and Children, urider Mr. R. Turner, sang seve ral suitable pieces excellently. YANYARRIE, October 31. During the past week we have had severe auscstorms ana ucav^ «'?''?» tod lightning, but only 22 points of rain fell- This will benefit some of the late ?wheat, but rain now will be of little use to tJhe wheat in this district. Hav-cuttang Is nearly completed, but very little is cut. During the past fortnight the crops have burnt up very badly, and the district will not average more than 1 or 2 bushels per a°re- CLARE, October 31. On Thursday evening last the very warm weather which has been experienced dur ing the previous few days was followed toy k cool change, accompanied by showers of Sail and rain and heavy gusts of wind. IJie rain was heartily welcomed, but its ac companiments could have been well dis *-m-u-A wif.1i. A fall of half an inch was recorded on Friday morning, and through out the day showers of rain and hail con tinued to be experienced, so that the Jur ther fall recorded on 'Saturday morning was over half nn inch, or altogether over an inch. The hail did a lot of damage to the fruit, crops, apples, pears, &c;, belli? considerably battered and bruised, ho that again this year not a great quantity will be found suitable for export. The crops, however, will be fairly good, if the ele ments do not conspire to do them further injurv. The vines in the vineyards through out the district suffered severely in con tact with the winds, shoots being broken off in all directions. A Rood crop ol grapes, however, should be picked Uns 6-?aSOiCO0M00R0O AREA. October 31. A thunderstorm passed over here last Wednesday, when only a little rain Jell, but a nice rain set in during the night, about a quarter of an inch being recorded. On Friday several more good showers, tell, accompanied by cold and boisterous wind?. Altogether we have had about, fhreequar tors of an inch. This rain will do an im mense amount of Rood to the crops, which in some cases were almost withering on, but now a great improvement is notice able. Several of I by wheat paddocks are looking well, but others will not yield more than two bushels per .icre. Haymaking has beeu general during the past three weeks, and the returns in most cases have been fairly satisfactory. Shearing is now over and the wool clip has been good. WILLOWJE SPRINGS, October 31. Some nice rains fell here during List Wednesday night, and again on Friday, totalling iii all over half an inch. This rain was very much needed, and although Lite will greatly imnrove the crops. Hay carting is now general. The returns in most cases will be light. A fairly large area has been fallowed. Feed is plentiful, and slock are in good condition. PORT BROUGHTON, October 29. Thefirstload of new wheat was delivered here today by Mr. Joseph Bates to Messrs. Darling and Son. The wheat is from a 10-bushel crop from the hundred of Mundoora, and is of the Steinwedel variety, giving a weight of 02 1b. per bushel. There has been 56 points of rain registered here. The gale of the last two days damaged the crops, but it is finer now. Reaping will be general next week. PETERSBURG, October 29. 'Last night the town council paid a visit of inspection to the local wood gas plant. After the inspection a special meeting was held in the council chamber, and the ques tion of lighting the town ; and the best light to be adopted, was considered. A nuinlber of ratepayers attended, and Mr. Koch, proprietor of the wood gas plant, aud Messrs. linker & Co., electricians, of Adelaide, were also present. Messrs. Barker & Co. intimated that they would t-c prepared to erect a plant to light the j town with electricity, providing there was sufficient inducement. After discussion the council resolved that all information available should be obtained as to lighting the town with gas and electricity, and that it should be placed before the next meet ing of the council. A meeting of rate payers will then be called to decide whether wood, -'o;il %a-~, or electricity should 'be adopted. Since Wednesday, when a quarter of an inch of rain was registered, some splendid showers have fallen. Up to 9 o'clock this i morning 39 points had been registered for the previous 24 hours, making a total of 92 points for the three days. Many of the crops will be considerably benefited by this timely fall, and strong hopes are enter tained that a fair average will be ob tained after all. NURIOOTTA, October 29. The hailstorms and gales on Friday did considerable damage to the vineyards and orchards. The vines particularly suffered fi'om the effects of the hail, which cut oft many of the shoots and bunches. The apple crop, too, was badly cut about, but the fruit being small it is probable that the bruises will heal to a great extent, i he t'he weather conditions are favorable. The apricot and peach trees look promising for a good crop, whilst other kinds are patchy. The rainfall lor the two days amounted to nearly 2 in. EOHUNG-A, October 29. The weather has been boisterous during Ivhe last two days. A splendid rain has fallen, accompanied by heavy gusts of wind and occasional elapa of riiunder. Yester day we had heavy showers of hail, one fall lasting several minutes. Upwards of 2 in. of rain 'has been registered, which will ma terially help to mature the^field and garden crops. MANOORA, October 28. The local public schools concert took place during the Michaelmas holidays, when the scholars, assisted by friends, sub mitted a long and varied programme of instrumental and vocal music, recitations, Indian club-swinging, and other items to an appreciative audience. The proceeds of t'he concert were devoted to the purchase of prizes for the annual school picnic, which was held on Thursday, October 13. An invitation was extended to the Rice's Creek school to join in the day's pleasure, and the children of the combined schools were conveyed to the grounds in waggons lent by Messrs. Frost, Jones, and Lind say. Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell are to be com mended for the great interest they take in' the school, and tb their enerp-v is mainly due the success of the day. The crops in this district are looking healthy. PORT BROUGHTON, October 31. The annual examination of the public school by Inspector Plummer took place last week, when 116 children were examin ea as against 94 far 1897. Eleven fourth class and two fifth' class compulsory certificates were awarded. The average daily atten dance was 110. The percentage gained by the school was 80, for which the master, Mr. Harford, deserves praise. Friday Baw the inauguration ot Visitors' Day, when the children recited and sang, and acquit ted themselves well, and reflected great credit on their teachers. BALAKLAVA, October 27. The annual conference of the Northern Churches of Christ was held here on Wednes day. There waa a (rood attendance at both morning and afternoon sessions, when inte resting' papers on variouB subjects were read and discussed. In the afternoon a public tea was held in the institute, followed by a pubbo meeting in the evening. The hall was crowded, and addresses were delivered by Messrs. W. Brooker, A, T. Magarey, J. Colboume, ana W. A. Keay. The Bible Christian Sunday-school piomo and tea were held on the same day in Mrs. Hoard's paddock, close by the township. The weather was ratherrough. WALLAROO. October 27. The Salvation Army held a sale of goods on Wednesday teat in aid of the social movement, and the result was satisfactory. HisWorshipthe Mayor opened the bazaar, and referred to the good work being done through the Army's efforts. LAURA, October 27. On Tuesday Mr. Stevens, the general over seer of main roads, made an inspection of the main roads in the district, accompanied by the district clerk. The next day, in company with the town olerk, he inspected the main roads within the boundaries of the corporation of Laura, aud also visited the Laura drain. Eaglehawks have been destructive amongst Mr. jt. 0. Sunman's small flock of Angora goatiTon some blocks on the eastern side of the Flinders Range, 13 newly - dropped kids having been destroyed by those birds. The kids, when fit to be weaned, would have been worth about throe guineas eaoh. NURIOOTPA, October 20. A number of fruitgrowers met at the Nuriootpa Hotel on Wednesday night for the purpose of forming a Fruitgrowers' Associa tion. Representatives of Angaston, Tanunda, and Greenock were present. Officers were elected and a sub-committee appointed to draft rules. KANGARILLA, October 27. The anniversary services of the Bible Christian Sunday-school were held on Sunday, October 23. Mr. Milton McNeil preached at the morning1 and evening gatherings, and in the afternoon gave an address on 'Giants.' Several of the children recited and rendered special singing at each service, under the con ductorahip of Mr. J. Powell. After the tea on Monday the children, assisted by a combined choir, rendered the service of song1 ' Charlie Coulson' in a pleasing manner. Mr. A. C. Thorpe gave the connective readings. There was a crowded attendance, and the proceeds of the anniversary were satisfactory. WATERVALE, October 27. Haymaking is starting in this district. The season has been very disappointing, as tho crop will not be as heavy as last year. A cool change set in yesterday evening and light showers fell during the night. The fruit crop promises to be light, except in the case of a few varieties of cherries. Apples will be scarce and also peaches, apri cots, and plums. Pears and quinces will be plentiful if nothing unforeseen occurs. MARRABEL, October 25. The small sheepfarmers have finished shear ing. The clip was a fair one. The annual picnic in connection with the Peter's Hill German school was celebrated yesterday. Everything passed off pleasantly, although' the weather was very disagreeable. YONGALA, October 27. The anniversary in connection with the local Primitive Methodist Sunday-school waa celebrated on Sunday last, when three well attended services were conducted, in the morn ing and evening by the Rev. T. Weatherill and in the afternoon by the Rev. H. Trewren, of Petersburg. On Wednesday a public tea meeting was held, followed by a public meet ing in the chapel, which was well attended. The Revs. T. Weatherill and H. Trewren and other speakers addressed the meeting. Special singing was rendered at the services by the children and the choir under the leadership of Mr. J. Hamlyn, and was much appreciated. On Wednesday afternoon tho Terowie cricketers visited Yongala and played the local team. Terowie made 123 ; the highest scorers being A. Ferry 44, W. Hayes 23, O. Scrutton 18, and A. Allen 14. Yongala scored 56 for three wickets ; G. Fox n.o. 15, P. Gleeson n.o. 12, J. Burton 12 being the highest scorers. In bowling C. Loveridgo four for 33, J. Burton three for 12 did well, while Mackay got two wickets for Terowie. TEROWIE, October 27. Sister Minnie (Miss Billing), a returned missionary from New Guinea, conducted ser vice in the Wesleyan Church on Sunday even ing, a large congregation being present. On Monday night Bhe' gave a very interesting account of tho customs and life of the natives in New Guinea. . Mies Billing was listened to with very great attention by a large audience. Mr. W. H. Wood presided. At Franklyn on Tuesday night the sister reputed the address to a large congregation in the Wes leyan Churoh., ENCOUNTER BAY, October 28. An instructor from the Protector arrived to-day to exercise the Port Victor rooket crew, and three days ar« to be devoted to various exercises in connection with the life-saving apparatus. ENCOUNTER BAY, October 31. On Friday afternoon the Port Victor racket crew were called out by signal. The weather was extremely boisterous, but a. full crew responded smartly to the signal. The afternoon was devoted to the usual exercises. Mr. Turner, chief gun nery instructor from the Protector, ad dressed the men, pointing out that smart ness Was desfralble in all (movements in connection with life saving. After about three hours drill the crew were dismissed. On Saturday the crew strain turned out at 2 o'clock, when the ltfe-saylng gear was placed op a truck and smartly run to tue land side of the jetty, where a five-horse team, supplied by Mr. A. Battye, of Port Victor, took the crew and gear to Green Bay, Port Elliot, where a practical test of the efficiency of the crew was made. The rocket fired went true to the inarit, and Mr. G. Jeffrey, who represented a ship-wrecked crew on the west side of the bay. promptly hauled the whip out and made fast. ' Then the crew hauled the hawser to its destination, and a boy was hauled over in the breeches buoy. Several trips were made before the crew returned to victor Harbor. The practice was satis factory considering there were several new hands in the crew. On Monday an other drill was held, the rocket being fired from Granite Island to the working jetty, on the occasion Mr. Matthews, the local officer in charge of life-saving ap paratus, directing operations. ENCOUNTER BAY, November 2. The weather for the past two days has been hot and sultry. To-day the wind is blowing half a gale from t-ne nortii-eash with indications of more rain. The site of the new swimming baths at Port Victor has at last been definitely settled; they are to be erected at the back of Reid's store, on the esplanade. A bal lot was taken on Saturday to decide be tween two sites, resulting in 26 votes for the site decided on, and 22 for the ladies' old bathing grounds. Kekl and Landseer's barges have been got afloat in readiness to ship wool on board a steamer expected next week to load for England. Visitors are daily arriving at Port Vic tor for the summer season. The work of levelling the sea frontage between the jetty and the site of the baths is just completed. A sea- wall along the esplanade opposite the police-station is spokeu of, and the improvement commit tee are advocating the demolition of the old police-station as being an eyesore to the property-holders in the neighborhood. If it can be accomplished the reserve will be extended anVl converted into an. oval. A fair supply of fish is coming to tiand, but the continuous high winds have pre vented the fishermen from following their avocation lately. A lot of hay has been cut, but the weather has prevented it being stacked. MOUNT PLEASANT, October 28. The annual examination of the State school children was conducted by Inspector Clark on October 20 and 21, the percentage of passes being 87J. This excellent result is due to the unremitting labors of Mr. John Jones, the head teacher, and also in no small degree to the able co-operation of his assistant, Miss Whitham, who has the charge of the two junior classes, and whose work is the founda tion on which the school is built. The resi dents of the district may well congratulate themselves that the training of their children is in such good hands. 'Visitors' day' was inaugurated on October 27 by the attendance of members of the board of advice and a number of the parents, and the children did some very creditable work in mental arithmetic, singing, and wordbuilding. The needlework and specimens of writing and drawing, as seen by the inspector, were also on view and were much admired, but owing to the inclement weather no exhibition of drill could be given. The schoolrooms have been nicely decorated with colored pictures and paperings, and generally present an attractive appearance, whilst the discipline and order are all that could be desired. The average attendance, which had risen from 80 to 101, has, since tho opening of the new school at Parra Wirra blocks, fallen to 95. In the agronomy plots Leak's Rustproof is found to be the best wheat, and White Tuscan for hay. Tho Redstraw variety is suffering from the effects of the' wind.- ' ''A. prize of fil Is., presented by Mr. R. T. Mel rose,, for the most creditable result at the ex amination will hare to be divided, as so many of the children gained full marks. SWAN REACH, October 29. Our punt is now completed, and it has been handed over for traffic to the trus- tees. The work reflects great credit on Mr. Tuck, the contractor, and his em- ployes. Mr. Cakebread superintended the works on behalf of the Government. The crops are ripening fast now, and as we had beautiful rains on October 27 and 28 the late-sown crops will be able to ma- ture and may turn out much better than was expected some time ago. Haymaking is in full swing, and the yield is con- sidered satisfactory. Horses and cattle are in splendid condition, as grass is plentiful. Rabbits are becoming a great nuisance again. ANGASTON, October 29. Splendid rains have fallen during the past day or two, and the harvest prospects are now much brighter than they were a week ago. The Murray Flats will benefit considerably, and the wheat which was lan guishing for want of moisture ?will be re vived, and grain of a good quality should be reaped. The fruit crop throughout the Angaston district should be greatly bene fited, although the heavy storms of hail have done damage in some directions. A presentation of a purse of sovereigns was made by some of me residents of An gaston in the institute on Friday afternoon to Mr. T. Perry, who last month com pleted his twentieth year of coach-driving for Messrs. Hill & Co. between Angaston and Freeling. Mr. Perry has earned the esteem and respect of the residents of the town and surrounding district, and the tra velling public have always been treated with courtesy. Mr. lv. 11. Ball made the presentation, and eulogistic speeches were delivered by Messrs. Yv. Clark,! J. Rogers, J. S. Wainwright, Dowling, and others. The anniversary services of the Angaston chapel were celebrated on Sunday last, the Rev. J. G. Raws, from the Flinders-street Baptist Church, officiating at both morning and evening services. On Monday a public tea was held, and in the evening a meet ing which were well attended. Speeches were delivered by the Rev. W. M. Grant and the Rev. J. G. itaws. Mr. Raws also addressed a meeting in the institute for men only on Sunday evening after the church service. On Tuesday evening Mr. Raws gave an address on ''Things common to all, and Mrs. Raws in the afternoon conducted a meeting for women only. The services throughout were successful. MOUNT BARKER, October 29. ' Mount Barker has participated largely in the magnificent rains which have gladdened the heart of the agriculturist. A thunder storm on Wednesday night opened the ball, and alt/hough Thursday morning was fine, a heavy and continuous rain fell during the afternoon. Through the night also it came down heavily, while there were few dry spells on Friday. The air has beeu quite chilly, and altogether the weather has been more like that of the middle of winter than of spring. Up to 9 o'clock this morn ing over 2£ in. had been recorded at the local post-office. MAITLAND, October 28. The weather has'been boisterous aud cold, with some heavy snowers of hail and rain. The rain, while hindering haymaking, will do the late sown crops a lot of good. There is a good deal of sickness in the district just now. chiefly among children. WATERLOO, October 28. The long looked for rain made its ap pearance on Wednesday night, when light showers fell. On Thursday the fall was heavier, and to-day we have experienced a heavy downpour. It has been raining nearly the whole of the day. This fall will greatly benefit the wheat crops, especially the late ones, which were looking dry and withered. On Wednesday a picnic in connection ?with the Black Springs school was held in Mr, R. Roberta's paddock. The teacher (Mrs. Kain), assisted by a committee, made provision for the amusement of the scholars. The attendance was only fair, owing to the very disagreeable day, but the children seemed to enjoy themselves thoroughly. In the evening a concert was given in the schoolroom by the children. There was a good attendance, and every item on the programme passed off splen didly. BRENT WOOD, October 29. The weather has changed at last, and we have had some nice showers, 73 points having been registered here since Thurs day night. This will do a lot of good to the crops, which were being dried up by tJie hot winds. Haymaking is in full swing, and the cut will be fair. The drilled crops are looking very well on the whole. They have stood the dry weather much better than those which were sown broadcast. The rough weather of the last few davs has damaged some of the h avy crops and blown the (hay about. CO WELL, October 27. On Tuesday, October 25, the Franklin Harbor Agricultural aud Horticultural So ciety held their fourth annual show on Mr. Ellaway's ground at Elbow Hill. Tihe day proved fine, and there was a large concourse of people from the surroundings districts. A substantial din ner and tea was provided by Mrs. El'la wav. Several light showers of rain fell on Wed nesday evening, but not enough to do any goad to the crops, some of which are al most fit for reaping. The weather con tinues windy and boisterous. MURRAY BRIDGE, October 29. After a long spell of dry weather rain set in on Wednesday afternoon. Six points fell on Wednesday night, and 35 points from 3.30 p.m. on Thursday to 9 a.m. on Friday. Heavy showers fell at intervals on Friday, and' Where is every prosDect of the rain 'continuing. This welcome down pour will be of material benefit to all those crops which are not past redemption. YARANYACKA. October 28. After a long spell of dry hot weather it began to rain heavily on October 27. The late crops will be greatly benefited, but many are too advanced to rea/p any advan tage, and will be a good deal knocked about by the rough weather. Haymaking and stack building are general, and one far mer is waiting for a change in the weather bo; commence reaping. Hay crops are gene rally speaking heavier than last year, but it is doubtful if any more wheat will be shipped from here this year than last. Shearing is finished. The -flip has been ut- to the average, but a great loss has been sustained in the flocks by the ravages of dingoes. i ELUSTON, October 27. \- To-day the weather is ; very boisterous, arid showers have fallen, but they are too late to do any good. Wool continues to arrive, and speaking generally the clip has been good. It is a great inconvenience to be witoout a jetty, as the produce could be got rid of so much sooner if Whe steamer coifld come id. OALCA, October 26. The weather continues 'dry. Ha'making is in full swing, and the cut is light The annual meeting of the Cadcai Racing Club was held in the local institute on Saturday last, when the secretary pr*« sen'ted the annual baknee-sheet and re port, The former showed that the club' had been financed to a nicety, the balance being nil, whilst the latter proved that a most successful meeting was held last year. The membership of the dub totals 50. The following genlieinen were elected officers for ensuing year:— President. Mr. D. C. Driver; committee, Messrs. D. C. Driyer, E. A. Roberts, D. P. Thomas, H. Freeman, Win. Bowman, and J. G. Cash; starter, Mr. J. O_0ash; judges, Messrs. Thomas f; Cash and D. C. Driver: handicapper, Mr. F. Kelsh; secretary, Mr. Wm. Bow man. Arrangements were made to hold the next meeting on January 25, 1899, on the same course as last year. It is ex pected that Che prizes will be increased this year. To-day a successful picnic nnd sportrf meeting was held on the local cricket oval, llie weather was fine, and about 200 people assembled. The event of the day that was looked forward to with most in terest was the Bicycle Handicap, it being the first held here, but owing to the rough ness of the ground no fast time could be made. The following were the prize win nei-s:—Maidens-TJohn Wilson, John Buck 55.inv, Yoiltil18' race (under 15 years)— ^ W. Ettndge, Val Roberts. Running hop, step, and jump— John Wilson, W. Beattie. Cafca handicap, 200 yards-George Mef ord (A5nyanH A- ^i'cott (scratch). Sack race (50 yards)— E. A. Roberts, Charles ?Nugent. Running high jump— John Buck skin Percy Roberts. Handicap hurdles— Charles Nugent (5 yards), W. Beattie (scratch), and Thomas Mlmgton (5 yards), divided second money. Pick-a-back race— John Nugent and W. Beattie, R. S. inoinas and Charles Nugent. Bicycle han dicap— James Harrison (scratch), Robert Burke (scratch). Young ladies' race— -Miss Teresa Kenney, Miss F. Bowman. Tilting match (gen'ts)-W. Beattie, Charles Nugent. Tilting match (ladies)— Miss Til he Nugent, Mrs. D. C\ Driver. Tugof war (married v. single), 11 aside— Single team won. In the evening a social was held in the institute. The following per sons assisted:— Mrs. T. P. Cash, Miss ?Tames, Messrs. P. W. Clark James Sira nionds, and John Nugent. . . SHER1NGA, October 23. Micanng is over in this district, a;id the clip has been a splendid one. The grass i3 quite dry now, and unless we have rain at once i fie crops will be a failure in most cases. EirnUNDA, October 29. At the hiidunda Local Court on Thurs day before Messrs. Appdt and J. Gosden, I', !?lie,rlVils charged on the information ot M.L. .J onion. Crown lands l-anger, with illegally cutting limber, and was fined 10s. and costs. B. W iia.it was similarly charged, but the case was withdrawn, as Whait was employed by Diejtfr. Before the S.1L (AJr. W. Johnstone) and Messrs. Appelfc and Gosden, R. H. Bnrow was sued by his wife under the Married Women's Protec tion Act, on a charge of cruelty, and claim tor separation and maintenance. The court advised the parties to confer, which they did, and it was arranged that Burow should pay hi% wife £50 and give her cer tain goods, and that they should live separately. Mr. P. McM. Glynn, of Ade laide, appeared for the defendant, and Mr. A. J. Poster, of Kapunda, for the com plainant. |, An Electoral Revision Court was held dv Mr. Johnstoue,\ special magistrale, when 10 electors for the Legislative Coun cil and 51 for the House of Assembly were struck off the rolls. A short .spell of fine weather on Thursday morning was followed dur ing the afternoon by showers, which continued during the night. On Friday heavy showers fell at frequent in- , teryals, with a. considerable amount of hail. This rain will be of considerable benefife to the crops, especially the late-sowa wheat. Ihe raiufall registered this mora ui£ is 32 poznf-s, making the total since tho rain began 1* in. TRURO, October 29. On Wednesday last a cricket team from Kapunda journeyed to Truro to try con clusions with the local team, and were beaten somewhat easily, the score being. 107 to 101. For the winners J. B. Maley 40, W. W. Murray 36, G. H. Walder 31,' and R. B. Wilson 15, batted well, while the losers' best batsmen were C. L. Wal der 43, and R. Sobels 32. In the evening a concert in aid oi the club was given in the Listitute Hall. The following was thd programme:— Overture, Mrs. Tolcher ; song, Mr. Headlen; son, Mr. W. Locking; skirt dance, Misses E. Teasdale and N. ToLcher; ebng, Miss Krieg; song, Mr. A. Ogflvie; instrumental piece. Misses Bran son and E. Teasd;ife; song, Miss Kreig;' instrumental duet, Misses E. Walder and A. B. Crabb; song, Mrs. Headlen; duet. Miss A. H. and Mr. S. E. Walder; sons£ Miss Branson; Highland fling, Misses it. Tolcher and E. Teasdale; Irish melody* Messrs. W. Locking, A. Ogilrie, If. Bran son, and G. H. Walder; song, Mr. H. Headlen, and two farces, entitled 'Diy Dinculuni' an'd 'Paddy and the Ghost,'* in which the characters were well sus tained by Messrs. J. A. Tolcher, VV. Lock* in'g, O. H. Walder, H. Branson, and O, Ogilvie. There was a large audience. Mrs. Tolcher acted as accompanist. Afteiv the concert a dance was held. CHERRY GARDENS, October 27. After a. week of trying weatfher for all vegetation we had a welcome change on Wednesday evening, when a thunderstorm passed over, and was followed by a good shower of rain. On Thursday good raia fell in t'he afternoon and evening. The rain will do a lot of go'od to the crops o£ wheat and potatoes. The fruit crops will be light, and cherries from some causa keep dropping from the trees. The potato crop in most cases will ne light. Potatoes are not doing well this season. WOLSELEY, October 28. A welcome rain set in here on Thursday, evening, ajid it has continued during thai w-h'ole of to-day. The crops will benefit immensely by the timely downpour. Very, few of out residents visited the Border town show t'o-day in consequence o£ thtt heavy weather. Most of the shearing sheds are now cuE out, and fhe clip has been good. German measles are still prevalent in.. the district. -K WOODSIDE, November 1. After a tempestuous ending to laat tveeK: this week has opened up warm and sesLBOt) able. Considerable damage was done tyV the fruit gardens, but the hay crops haw greatly benefited by the downpour, and art looking splendid. In very few .instances were they beaten down by tbe hall and' rain. '? ' There waa another bicycle «onbea6 through here ob Saturday last, the .NortM Adelaides endeavorinir to break the duls record race ef 100 mflea. _ The anniversary of the Wesleyan ChurcJ} herfe itas celeiBrated on Sunday last, when the fieSf. J. Mather preached in wie mom iSg, -and the Rev. J. Allen in the evening, there being »1O4 conjtregationa : at both! se¥vicei Special- singing wi.- rendered bj; an aumnenled choir, wiih Mf. A. W. Sea* grim at the organ. On Monday tihe ser vices were continued, by holding. tea. and public meetings, several interesting ad dresses being delivered, at the.' latter. Two old colonists have passed away lately in this district, the first being Mr. C.Beinhold, -who died on Monday, October 24, at Mount Charles, at the age of 70. Mr. Reinhold was born in Berlin on Fdb Ixuarv 18, 1828, and teft that city for South (Australia on September 10, 1856, arriving here on January *9 in the following year. :Mr. Keinhold, who was accompanied by 'his wife, who survives him, after arrival in the province remained for about six months in Adelaide. He then left for iWoodside, Where he remained for seven years, after which he removed to Mount Charles, where he followed far-mini; until (his death. Mr. Iteiiihold leaves no chil dren. On Monday, October 31. Mrs. R. Schach died at flic age of 82 at the resi Vience of Mr. Faust. She also was a colo nist of over 40 vears, her husband having predeceased her by 13 years. No children survive. ? . _. . . ( CAPE BORDA, JSovemncr 1. On October 23 a harvest thanksgiving service -was held at Cape Borda. In the afternoon a choral service -was rendered, and in the evening tne service was con ducted by Mr. E. J. Foord. ? On October 20 the quarterly Band 01 Hope meeting was held in connection with C,B. An -excellent programme of songs, Recitations, readings, and tableaux was feiven by Mrs. Foord, Misses Kopp, Smith ,X2), and Potter, and Messrs. Smith (3) and °°r ' QUEENSCLIFFE, October 31. : Splendid rain fell .here on Thursday and '???Friday, nearly three-quarters of an inch being registered. This fall will save a few ? -rf the crops, but more is needed. : The Warden of Goldfields and the Go iverninent Geologist arrived here by the 'Steamer James Conine on Saturday. Their visit naa Dcen pruimseu iui me msi 1* imonths, and Mr. W. H. Carpenter, M.P., jtlie member for this district, had worked Jhard to have the promise carried out. It 5s hoped that they will visit all the princi pal places where gold is reported to have Seen found, as it is believed that payable 'feold is to be found on the island. , M ACCLES1 lELD, October 31. ? On Saturday last a concert, the first of ithe kind held in the district, was given by ftke pupils of the Macclesfield public school fto raise funds to purchase pictures for de corating the school. Mr. Graham, ehair iman oE the district council, presided, in jthe absence of Mr. C. M. R. Dumas, M.P., Wing to indisposition. The fairy voices, tan drill, and nursery rhymes, and actiou Bongs were most effective. The costumes of the children and decorations were beauti .'fful. Two songs by Mr. W. G. Graham itrere well received. The accomplished violin playing of Miss Eva Meller, of Adelaide, HVlio contributed two numbers, was highly appreciated. Mrs. Luke acted as aocom 'jpaniHt. The concert, socially and finan cially, was a success, there being a crowded Wudieneo, and Mr. Luke ( the headmaster) 5s to be congratulated on the attainments © is piini *. R0C,ItE8TI::Pij October 31. ? On Friday last we had a nice fall of rain, nearly an inch having been regis tered. Tlie wind blew a perfect gale all day. To-day hot winds are blowing, and the country 'is covered with du.st. AUjNIjA iua, uctouer jx. 1 A welcome change in the weather set in on Wednesday evening, lignt showers fall ling during the greater part of the night. ,'On Thursday night and Friday ?a fieix-c south - westerly gale was blowing, accompanied by ' heavy 'showers of rain and hail. Some damage (has been done to the growing ! crops, especially the oat crops, which '/Siave in .some cases been blown down, but :b1 together more good than harm will re [Bult. The crops generally tire looking splendid, and lia'd 't'his rain fallen a few 'weeks ago a magnificent harvest would lhave been ihc result. URAIDLA, November 2. ' On Friday when it hailed and blew with terrific force nearly the whole day the oWest residents say that such a day was never be Sfore experience'! in the hills. Much damage ,:w.is done to the fruit and all vegetation. ,ffhe gardeners were complaining last week 'febout the frost, and now it is the hail it'hat troubles them. Mr.William Sitters, an old and much respected resident, died at the age of 79 at this son's residence, Summertown, on Octo- ber 26. He was one of the first settlers in the hills, and helped to make the greater part of the road from Burnside to Uraidla. For many years he carried on gardening amidst the many difficulties of the early colonists. He leaves six children, (three sons (Mr. William Sitters, Mr. George Sitters, and Mr. Fred Sitters, gardeners, in the immediate neighborhood) and three daughters (Mrs. Fred Aufiler- hiede, of Summertown; Mrs. Samuel Copeland, of Forest Range; and Mrs. Charles Badenock, of Carey's Gully), forty-six grandchildren, and nine great- grandchildren. The funeral took place on Friday, October 28. The Rev. G. Raymont conducted a service in the Sunnnertown B.C. Church, and also at the grave. Mr. F. J. Caust was the undertaker. On Sunday, October 30, the Hills (Friendly Societies held ilieir ninth annual Jchurcli parade. About 200 members of the (various lodges met nt Snmnu'nown, and ijheaded by 'the Uraidla Brass Band marched to the Uraidl.i Institute, where a large number of persons had gathered, Sully GOO being present, and the hall being (fille'd to its utmost capacity. The llcv. P, JW. Wise (Anglican), who was the prea fcher, gave a practical address to an appre ciative congregation. The choirs of the ^different churches led the singing. Mr. /William Fisher aeted as organist. The fol lowing orders were represented: — I.O.O.F., M.U., Bridgcwater Lodge; U.A.O.D. lUraidJa Lodge; Foresters, Kensington IDo'dge; I.O. Reehabitea, Star of BetJile Ihem, Asliton; Ark of Ile'fuge, Norwood; {and Evening Star, Uraidla. The collec fti'on, which amounted to £6 Is., will be {handed to the Children's Hospital and the IPeai and Dumb Institution. : HOLDJvJt, November 1. f October ended wion windy and rainy Sreabher, which slightly retarded .the fathering of the hay, but fortunately no laiaage ivas done to the standing crop. Phe rainfall for the last three daya has registered 32 points. The hay it being jrougbt iq and stacked, and stripping be fins on Monday. The new system for the future %orlring of this association .began ,thjs morning, the working Hioiirs now 'being from 5 a.m. to 5 p.m. ? ? . ? : ? ?? . MEADOW* SOUTH, November 1. On Sunday a flower service was held in the Church' of England by the Rev. K.' W. Pobjoy, and the flowers were sub sequently placed on the graves at the rear of the church. ? The splendid rain that fell from Wednes day evening till Saturday morning regis tered 1.60. The total rainfaU for October being 3;61, against L69 for the same month of last year. Since Saturday the weather has been warm, to-day being very hot and sultry, but fortunately a cool change set in this evening, with every indication of m'ore rain. -i NHJlol, (Victoria), October 31. After an anxious time, and when the wheat crops were visibly shrinking, rain 'came just in the nick of time to save them. On Thursday the sky gave indications of r.iin, and on Friday it came, shower after shower falling, until a little over three quarters of an inch had been registered. The hay harvest is now in, and farmers are oiisy, particularly as tne wild oats have s'ho'wn themselves in many paddocks where they were not expected. On the whole the farmers and merchants are jubi lant over the timely fall of rain. The pnee of wheat has crept up, and 2s. 8d. per bushel is freely offered for ordinary sam ples. On Saturday 2s. lid. could be ob tained readily for prime quality grain. PORT GEiRMMN, October 29. Yesterday ve had one of the stormiest days ever experienced at this port. Early in the morning the wind began to blow with 'hurricane force, and as the day ad vanced the gale increased in severity, with fierce south- west squalls and driving showers at intervals. During the after noon t'he 'lookout seawards was a graDd sight, with the heavy and tempestuous seas rolling sfliore'wards, and as evening ap proached it was apparent we ?were going to have an exceptionally high tide, and residents assembled on the beach to watch the encroaching sea. By 6 o'clock the heavy iseas and spray were completely submerging the jetty. AH the fishing and pleasure Boats were swamped early in t'he day, but fortunately not much damage* has been reported. The high tide drove piles of seaiweed on to nie Espla nade-road, and the sea annroaclied towil.h in 20 ft. -yf 'the jvost-oflice and policesta tion buildings. 'J 'lie rainfall was light, from 15 to 20 points only being registered. Some of t'he wheat crops now being reaped were considerably knocked about by the wind, 'which will interfere with the ave rage yield being previously obtained. ORROROO, November 1. Anniversary services in connection with the Orroroo Baptist Church were cele brated on Sunday and Monday last, Octo ber 30 and 31. The Rev. E. Bungey preached three times on Sunday, and the congregations were large, the address in the evening taking the form of a farewell, as Mr. Bungey i* removing to Broken Hill. The annual tea and public meeting were held on Monday, which were also well at tended. Mr. J. Jamieson presided at the meeting, and the secretary's and treasurer's reports, read by Messrs. McDonald and Hills respectively, showed the church to be in a nourishing condition. Eulogistic addresses referring to the excellent ser vices rendered by Mr. and Mrs. Bungey during the 5\ years which th?y have spent in the district were given by Mr. S. Carter, representing the Bible Christian Church; Rev. J. Murray, representing the Northern Baptist AssocationjRev. Air. Melbourne, of Johnsburg Wesleyan Church; Mr. R. Coul ter, Peake Vale; Messrs. D. Swift and J. Hulls, Orroroo Baptist Church; and John ?lamieson, Blackrock Church. The Rev. E. Bungey suitably replied, thanking the speakers for their kind remarks and wished the various churches represented longcon tinued prosperity. Suitable pieces were sung liy the choir at each of the services, Miss Kirkwood officiating at the organ. At Blackrock on Friday evening a fare well social was held at which the Rev. E. Bungey was made the recipient of a hand some travelling bag, and Mrs. Bungey was presented with a silver teapot, suitably in scribed, by the members of the Blackrock Church and congregation as a token of re spect and esteem. The weather is dusty, dry, and disagree able. GUMERACHA, November 2. Anniversary services in connection with Salem Baptist Church were held on Sun dav last. Rev. Lockart Morton nrcipliml three times to good congregations, and several anthems were rendered by the choir, under the leadership of Dr. Nicholls. On Tuesday the annual tea and picnic, in Kenton Park p.uMock, was well attended; cricket, football, lacrosse, and other games were indulged in, and a pleasant afternoon was spent. The usual public meeting follow ed in the church, when addresses were given by the Revs. Bright and Hull, o.nd Mr. II. J. Holden. The Cumeracha Cricket Club Ij.ts just completed a new cement cricket pitch on the Recreation Ground, mnd now have one of Hie finest wickets in the district. The rain last week lias been of immense benefit to this district, and the prospects before the farmers are very encouraging. Feed is abundant, and the crops all round are looking; splendid. The manager of the butter factory (Mr. A. Noble) reports a very busy time, 2,000 gallons of milk 1)eing now till e daily supply. Last week 3,700 lib. of butter was made, and a ton and a half of cheese. t HAM LEY BRIDGE, November 2 Nice rains fell during last week which will greatly benefit the crops. Haymaking is in full swing, the average being fairly good. On Tuesday evening, October 25, the Quadrille Class held their break-up ball. There were about 50 couples present. A long programme of dancing was carried out successfully. Miss Doyle presided at the piano, and Mr. Carrigg aeted as M.C. On Monday evening a social was held in the Congregational Church to bid farewell to Mr. Devenish, who has been conducting the services here for the past few months. Speeches were made by Messrs. Joseph Bell and Black, and Air. Thomas Frea bairn, representing the Alma Church. Mr. Devenish suitably replied. Solos were ren dered by Mrs. H, Black and the Mieses A. and E. Black. Parlor games were also in dulged in 'by the young folk. Refreshments were provided by the ladies. MELROSE, November 1* The weather last week was wintry wiff violent winds, and so cold as to make a fir« neeessar^ fcut for the last. tUiree days'- the -sultriness . lias -been ? ? eifcrem.e,': deixse banks of. dust -hanging over the plains. Haymaking is general. -.Some of the crops are turning out fairly well.' . - AMYTON, October 31. On Wednesday a thunderstorm passed over here, accompanied with a Sight fair of rain. This was followed on Thursday and Friday with heavy gales of wind and a few light showers. The total registered for the three days was 25 points. This fall -will help the crops a little,' but they are too far gone to be Benefited much, hundreds of acres being completely dead, and what little wheat has withstood the frosts, hot winds, and drought, the grasshoppers are now attacking. The early varieties of wheat are almost ready for the stripper, and reaping will commence in n few days, but many farmars will' not reap sufficient for seed, and the prospects are even worse than last vear. UROONDA, November 1. During the last month the weather has been exceptionally trying, hot, windy, dustv days being the rule. Things reached a climax last Friday, when the wind blew a perfect hurricane the greater part of the day, sand, gravel, sticks, &c;, whirling through the air and making things any thing out comfortable. Several houses were unroofed, and damage of a minor character done. Locusts are very numerous here at pre sent, damaging materially the feed that is the hope of the farmers to get in their seed for another year; for while a favored few have cut a load or two of hay in water courses, the majority of farmers will have none. A number of farmers will not get back the seed they have sown, while seed and flour will be as much as the best crops will realise. This is the third year this district has not returned the seed sown upon it. The total rainfall for Octo ber was 55 points. TEROWTE, November 2. A peculiar and painful accident hap pened yesterday to Clarence Fry, aged 9 years, sou of Mr. Isaac Fry, blacksmith. The road-roller was passing the public school just as the scholars were leaving, and several of the boys followed the roller and got up from behind, but young Fry slipped, and was caught in the roller, breaking his leg very badly, besides lace rating the flesh and fracturing the ankie. He was at once conve3'ed to Dr. Seabrook's surgery, where lie was attended to, but be ing in a very serious condition, it was thought advisable to send him on to the Burra Hospital this morning. V A VTTr A T TT T A -T _ i n uii* i^tiuiuun, jAovemDer z. Arrangements are complete fortheannual show, which takes place on Friday next, and promises to bs the most successful ex hibition for many years. The secretary lias received a communication stating that the Treasurer and Commissioner of Crown Lands will probably be present, with the members for the district and others. Lun cheon will be provided on the ground. The Great Gorge Copper mine, situated about two miles from here, resumed opera tions a few weeks since. The shaft has now been sunk to a depth of 25 ft., andthe lode, which is 4 ft. wide, has been opened for 7 ft., and shows copper freely throughout. Samples of the ore have been sent to town for treatment. The Wesleyan Sunday-school held its an nual gatherings on Sunday and Monday. The preachers for the occasion be ing the Revs. Nicholls, Trewin, and Ash ton. In the afternoon a service^ of song, entitled, 'Wee Davie,' was given by the children. The connective readings were given by the Rev. Mr. Buttrose, of Adelaide, who read, in the Scotch dialect with good effect. The musical parts were rendered under the di- rection of Mr Edgar Martin. Miss Mit chell presided at the organ. On Monday the annual picnic was held at the Gorge. It being a fins day the children enjoyed themselves immensely. In the evening tea and public meetings were held in the church, when addres.-:2* were delivered by several ministers and ]n)incn. Since the rains of Thursdav and Friday especially the late ones. We have had light showers during the night. GREEN'S PLAINS, October 31. Thursday and Friday last were undoubt edly high days here as far as wind and lan guage were concerned. All things of a light and frivolous disposition were on the move, including gravel and road metal. In many cases outdoor work had to be sus pended to enable the workers to fully ap preciate the solemnity of the occasion. Heavy rain fell nt intervals, and to vary the proceedings an occasional shower of hail was thrown in. Altogether about three-quarters of an inch of rain fell, which will help the late crops along, and would have done no harm to the early had there been less wind with it. The spirit of thank fulness lhat now pervades the district is duly qualified by the very proper regret that this rain did not come a month ago. A sharp outlooh will .not be kept for red rust. A few specks were seen on some wheat previous to the gale, but it must have been well set if it is there now. Haymaking is in full swing, and the cut is more or less satisfactory, generally less, and nie price even more so, 25s. per ton being all that can bj obtained for good mixed hay. Great uneasiness prevails among stock owners owing to the miserable failure of the Beetaloo water supply. Flocks and herds are being reduced, for although there is an abundance of feed', the visible supply nt 'warpv -will nnt lnaf nut- nn /lprlin ,- »^T summer, and summer thunderstorms seem to have gone out of date. The snake season has opened out well, tlie supply of reptiles being more than equal to -expectation or requirements; some very sudden deaths have occurred among them, but still they come. A man walking iu his garden on Sunday was just about to set his foot on a large black snake when he saw his danger, and with wonderful presence oi mind thre'/ himself about 3 ft. in the air and came down in a sitting posi tion on the spot from which the snake had disappeared, but not in time to do the reptile any harm. Corporal O'Connor, who has just been promoted from the rank of senioreon stable to his present position in the Police Force, was made the recipient of a nice little present ffom his comrades at Port Adelaide on Tuesday afternoon. Corporal O'Connor has been for some years in charge of the Alberton police- station, wliich is attached to the Port Adelaide district. Inspector Doyle, in making the presentation, which took the form of a silver-mounted cane, suitably engraved, al luded with regret to the loss from his dis trict of an officer who had proved himself bo efficient, and proffered tiis cordial wishes for his prosperity in the Adelaide force. A night or two ago the residents of Alberton presented the corporal with an illuminated address, and his wife with an afternoon tea-set, as a token of their appreciation of the services rendered by the officer during his stay in the neighbor hood. 