THE STRENGTH OF TWO. ByESME STUART. Author of "Kestrel of Greystone," '"Muriel's Marriage," "A 31me of Wealth!" &c.; CHAPTER XXII.—JOY GIVES IN. Cattie knew that the field way would be impassable alter rain so she went by the road, as Mrs. Leekey suggested. This was the reason of her missing Joy. Her sharp brain could make nothing of the absence of her young mistress. She very much mistrusted Iveziab and Nichols, 'but she could form no possible conjecture why Joy should have been detained by them. t5he felt certain that "S'lvor" was not in ihe secret, for there had been no shamming about his auxiety. Cattie possessed taax natural cuteness which is often found where education has made least furrows across the soil of native character. Cattie having "thought herself w^rta," as she expressed it to herself, without other result than renewed shakes of her red mop, decided that she would try this evening to find some solution to the mystery. She trudged along bravely in the dark, swinging her lantern, and being afraid of neither man nor Barguest. She always ™ot quickly over the ground by the help of a quaint jog-trot which was more useful than elegant. At last she reached the swing gate, and ran up the drive. She was full of hopes of seeing Miss Joy again. She had been very anxious about her, and Sir Ivor was now in her good books because he had brought the news that Joy was really coming home. She was about to ring the bell when she meditated that Keziah was not likely to he over-pleased at the sight of her, so she decided that she had better go to the back part of the "House where she might be nearer the natural haunts of the sur.rler. The Moat House was built round a square, the back regions of which wore entered by a large archway leading direct'y into a courtyard. Miss Deborah's roo:n was at the east- end of the house, not looking into the yard, but into the garden, and the great chestnut-tree was close to the window, though it was t-oo still this evening for the branches to tap at the old lady's window. Cattie cautiously slistied her lantern, peering curiously about &s; if she were afraid of some one springing upon her unawares. Then she rang tee bell as if the house was on fire. Presently she saw light being carried through a vooin near at hand, and soon Keziah appeared looking as sour as curds. "Alawks! what are you come for? Told yon not tc oorue figain, Red Mop."' '"I'm her girl and I've come to fetch her home," said Cattie, placing lir-r mRCT>picrd hand upon her hip aud swinging her lantern recklessly. "Have you? Then ycu can go away again. She s gone.'' "No, she ain't gone, or I'd have met her."' "You're a hussy, that's what ycu are, and the saouer ycu go the better. I'm occupied I tell you."' "She was here before when you said she wasn't so now I'll just like to ask t old lady. She's not so siliy as some."' "Well I never." exclaimed Ivczinh. "You're a litt'e worm as 'as no business to be crawling about here; you, to say thai V> me; as is going to be " Keziali paused. "Take your red mop c£F. She. ain't here, that precious mistress of yours, and 1 ve got company.' There was a bang, and Keziah shut- and looked the door in Cattic's face. Cattie thumped her red mop. and what w:i.« beneath it, against the door, though merely as a protest, for she did not think it. probable that Keziah would open the doir again. Then she walked out of the courtyard, meditating as she went. "Is it true or ain't it? Keziah's heart is just as black as soot. Wonder if told lady knows about, it?"' Cattie was walking rnund the path wntch encircled the house, the trees and the shrubs coming almost close uri to it. The branches were wet, and as Cattie passed and shook them they drendied her. "Of course Miss Jov may have gone t'other way, but one can't say. She'll find it pretty muddy, and there's that nastyriver. But then again, she mayn't." Cattie turned the angle of the house and faced the east end. There was a light shining above. It came from the old lady's room. Suddenly an idea entered into her head. She would climb up the walnut tree and peep in. The branches were easy, and though it was dark h?r lar.- tei-n showed her that she could reach high enough to peep in, for in her younper days Cattie had climbed like a cat. The idea pleased her immensely. "Can't show myself though; might give t'old one a tit, and 1 could see if Crooks liadn't murdered lier. Clapper and tongs. It would make me feel creepy to be undet Keziah's thumb." She hung her lantem-on a branch of the walnut tree, and was soon c-liiiibiiiy up tha broad, spreading blanches. The wood was wet and slippery, but Caltie had lin r>sppct for '-If'thes, and was. besides, dres=wi in thick homespun. Anybody with moderate power of elinginjr on could have, ascended this natural ladder. She was pretty sure of not being seen if she ^ya-s cautious. and she had every indention iaking eare, tor she mistrusted this stranee household. "Old ladies as boards r.p their tin sin't always careful enouErh. Vo one ^r-uld rob Miss Joy. because she ain't got- nothing t« be robbed of. She said so. "Lawks, tio _ .v. STvor is sweet on hex. aad means ir. too; but she'll not, forgive that corf-playing. 'Tain't likeh' any one would like to be sort of bought like a, puddiog-disii at a fair. Bake me alive! where is't old lady?" For Cattie had very cautiously crept forward to the end of her bough, her weight being not great, so that fhe could now see plainly into the room. There was the old fourposter just as she had seen it, but where was Miss Deb propped up with pillows? Cattie stared at the empty bed, too much astonished to do anything else. "She called it her deathbed, one as she was to die on; but she's got oS it now, anyway, 'Spose she's not gone upwards alive like 'Liiah; ain't good enough for tbat: but where is she?" Cattie c-ould not stay there for ever; there was nothing for her to do but to get down again. Of course, - thought she, the light was kept in the room evidently to make believe the old lady was there. It was some deep trick of lveziah's. "Looks very queer, very queer," said Cattie, crawling down from her position, and chuckling at the idea that she had circumvented Keziah. She wanted to return and to tall her enemy what she had done and seen, and with this intention she hastily slid down, seized ner lantern, and went back into the courtyard. But another bright idea struck her. "Peeped into one window; I think I'll peep into another. Better not rouse that snaricr. I 'spose the t'old lady's got her match." Cattie put her lantern behind a water tub and crept up as quietly as she could towards the window, where she still saw the light. She almost field her breath for fear of slipping or betraying herself by the least sound. Happily for Cattie, Keziah had a nervous fear of <Iogs, and had never allowed one to be chained in the courtyard: but the , neighbourhood scarcely needed the alarm bark of a canine creature, for tramps were almost nnknown in this wild district, and the few that passed were more afraid of this glooruy place than the_Moat House was of them. Nearer Cattie crept, approaching the window sideways, and when she reached it. she quickly peeped in. Keziah was there, but to Cattie's astonishment, she saw lier standing in front of Nichols, not the old Crooks she had lately seen, but a dwarf dress?d in very fine tailor-made clothes. He was looking at himself in a looking-glass, which Keziah held out before him. Cattie could hardly help laughing at the gravity and self-satisfaction expressed in old CiotWs face. "Bake vnc alive!" said Cattie to herself, "These line feathers means that he's hiding something wicked under 'em. Aiu't put 'em on only for courting Keziah. But where's t'old lady, that beats me." Cattie was fascinated by the sigjit of old Crooks metamorphosed in this manner. She could not look away, and presently Keziah put down her glass, and hastily uudid a bundle lying on the table in the c-orcer of the loom. Caltie could not see into that coiner, and she wondered what Keziah c-ould be doing, when presently she reappeared dressed in a iong silk gown, and exhibited herself tr> the dwarf. He did not seem to be altogether fascinated, for he often looked away from Keziah to the glass j iaccd in front of himself. Keziah"s face clouded over, and she went back to the cori:cr. Then she opened a box and took something fiom it, and in a few minutes ~he retu:ned to tlie dwarfs side. Cattie had to bite her tongue to prevent herself laiiphiug outright.. The sour-faced Keziah bar', to put o'i a 1 iai'a of diamonds, besides some diamond earrings and bracelets. She s^vrkled like a glass chandelier, and even Nichols now looked at her with interest. Cattie could not hear what they said, she CGuld only see their gestures of admiration. "T'old iad.v's diamonds," thought Cattie, for report had repeated many fairy tales alxv.it these hidden ti-easures." "Whatever dees she want to deck herself up in them for? Tain't to increase her beauty, an>;- wayri.. lYr'uapf; she's murdered old Deb.' This idea did not altogether make Cattie feel coniforlable, for she began to experience a creepy sensation which was not <au.if<3 by the fear ot r.ian. She left off peeping, and now wished she had never begun it. She wished, too, that she were a hundred miles a way. and the best thing she could do wa= to "fly from this strange placc where things were as they shouldn t he. All Uie \ia.r back Cattie felt as if Keziah was pursuing her to murder her, and the vision of Miss Deborah's lighted room with no occupant, frightened her more than if she had seen a ghost. When she reached Cu.llin site considered if she should go and wake up the household of the Lapwing for it was now very late, but the .strong desire to see if Miss Joy had returned prevented her, so she jogged on bravely regardless of damp ar.d fatigue. They said Miss Joy was gone home, but was it true? Keziah and her lover were up to some tricks, but why they should both hate Miss Joy more than Cattie could fathom. When she at last readied i,he Klaus all was silent. The door was locked, but Cattie was not disturbed by that fact. She knew a window through which she could get in. In a few seconds she, too, like Joy, inspected the parlour, having tirst procured herself a light. There was nothing there, but in the kitchen she found .Miss Joy's wet petticoats lia'i.uiut; mi a chair back. Cattie's ejt* gk-JtciVd nwre brightly with pleasure. "She's home, anyways; the house feels different like. J wasn't going to stay with t'old sclfcsh: "twasn't to be expected I fhoulu. I'yh. Mrs. Leekey says the men folk are the salt o£ the earth, but I think they're a mixture of .-.ill and earth—spoils the salt if it's better for the earth."' She look off her shoes and crept upstairs, shaking her red mop at ali the mystery that surrounded her present life. Cattie hated anything which she could not understand. It seemed to lier to be an insult t/> her capacity, and as such she called it "^horrid." At Jov's door sh£ paused and listened. She could hear nothing, so she silently opened the door and peeped in, remarking to herself— "If you can't hear, you must look, and no one as I knows of can eee through a wooden door." This time Cattie's peeping revealed to her Joy in bed and fast asleep. One arm was thrown back forming a pillow for her head. Her face looked sad and careworn, aud there were dark rings round her eyes. Cattie gazed as if spellbound at the beautiful picture '"She ain't like no one else. I daresay, now t'old one's snoring away without thinbT ing of her. Pity she don't take to STvor. He just worship the ground she treads on." Having thus satisfied herself that Miss Joj was really safe, Cattie softly shut the door and retired to bed, not forgetting to return thanks in her strange prayers 'cos t' Almighty had let Miss Joy slip out of old Crook's clutches, though he didn't seem to have tripped him up at all himself; but she hoped that would come some day soon. Amen." Cattie then curled herself up in her small bed in the attic. She did not look beautiful, but she slept the sleep of the just during the hours still claimed by night, and the next morning she was down early and bustling about her work as if she had never run away from her place. Joy slept late, and when she awoke there was Cattie with her shining face crowned bv her shining hair, waiting to give her a cup of tea. Joy was so unused to being waited upon that she jumped up, exclaiming— "Oh, I'm late; and father will be expecting his breakfast. Oh, Cattie, I am glad to see you again. I seem to have been away, oh so long." - "That change of air am t agreed with you, Miss Joy. Whatever did you stay away for? He and me—that's STvor, you know—has been in such a stew about you.." Joy laughed. It did her good to see that red mop, emphasizing Cattie's words with nods. "Oh. I was at the Moat House, and I can't sav any more, Cattie, so don't ask me; but I am so glad to get away, and to be here again at home." "You seem to have come down the stream like a duck, Miss Joy. Lor, your dress was dripping." Joy explained her accident. . . . .. . „ "S'lvor ain't a bad un considering, said Cattie. "Never thought you'd come that way. It's all owing to him as you're here, so I hope you didn't snap his nose off." "Look here, Cattie, you are old for your years, and you can understand. Sir Ivor chose to think that I was a mere—well, a mere thing; for barter. He wagered £100 for me and—won it. You can understand, Cattie, that a woman who respects herself can never forgive that, and that she must wipe out the shame of it somehow. I went to mv aunt to borrow the money, but 1—I lost it. 1 fell, and—anyway, I lost it. There now, you understand, don't you?"' "Yes, lkliss Joy. I can see it all with half an eve: leastways, I see you don't like it. No one will ever want to give a hundred pounds for me, though, so I can't feel whether I should mind it or not, but S'Tvor just never thought that you'd be so mad about it. Look here, Miss Joy, if you let me, I'll just burt at him with mv litad next time he comes along, and that'll knock the breath out of him quite. I used to do it to father when he was in drink and beealled nie. Lor! Miss Joy. lie couldn't speak for an hour after it. Sly head's that hard it clean knocks a man to -nothing." "Oh, Cattie! No, of course not. It isn't that sort of punishment that would help me!" but Joy had laughed again, and Cattie retired feeling happy. Mr. Lydcard was eating his breakfast when Jov appeared. Cattie had so well supplied liis wants that he was in a more amiable mood than usual. "I've come back, father," said Joy quietly. "I'm afraid you've wanted me. I had a fall coming out of Aunt Deb's house, and ] was stunned for a little while, so I was kept there." "Well, that sour crab apple might have sent word to me. Your absence, Joy, was very tiresome, because that girl, Cattie"—he lowered his voice, "was very strange. I think she's daft. She ran away, and I must say 1 was left in a very uncomfortable position. You'd better get rid of her Sir Ivor came to see after you, too. He didn't know where you were, but he told me you were angry because" . . Joy's fat-e flushed as she stood before lier father. She might have been a model for a Creek statue. '"Father, lie told me what you did that night when you played with ln'm at the Lapwing. Do you think that 1 was going to let you sell me to him like that? Never. 1 shall find some means of paying him, even if we have to starve in the meanwhile?" '"'What nonsense, Joy! You always were full of high-flown ideas. That hundred pounds was nothing, a mere detad, but I liifve promised your hand to him, and you will never have"a better offer. He is rich, and he belongs to a good old family, and I'm not going hack upon mv word. He's in a hurry to get married. It's better for him. besides., it's the only way you can repay mc, and provide for my old age. I am to have this house. It suits me very well. Now look here, Joy, can't you be seiii-ible? You couldn't earn any money. How could you? If you go away who's to take care oi me? I'm getting old—besides 1 didn't tell you I've had lately to mortgace my annuity. I have the future to think of. If you won't have him. then 1'U write to the'Count, and be shall come here. He would in a minute if I fTite to him. I'll give you your choice, and that's more than many parents do. It's ruin to me if you don't—Sir Ivor or the Count." Joy turned away and hid her face in hec riidii fig £ad mortgaged Jua as-. nuily, their only means of subsistence. She knew that her fathers words this time were no hasty threat; the knew tbat he would write to the Count, and that that odious man would appear to claim her. She shuddered at the bare idea. She seemed to be so hedged in with trouble and difficulties. What could she do? Then she thought of Ivors words. If she married him, she might be mistress of Noruiandvke, and he would never come near her. 'With all his faults and his roughness he was noble when compared with the Count. It was from a life with this latter, a life which made her sick to think of even, that she had so willingly fled to these desolate regions. She did not answer at once, and Mr. Lvdeard, who knew his daughter's ways, imagined that he had gained a victory, otherwise Joy would have ' already silenced him. ' "Besides, Joy," he continued, we owe a great deal to him besides that paltry hundred. This is his house, and he leaves it to me at a nominal rent. It's all part of his payment for you. If you positively say no—why, I suppose we must turn out again, and I'm not at all strong. In fact. I feel far from well to-day. That red-haired girl upset me yesterday." "This is his house! exclaimed Joy, turning pale, and crossing her arms in despair at hearing this last crushing blow. . "Yes, of course. It belonged to his mother." "Why did you never tell me that.' "Oh. I knew what a fuss you'd make, and .after all, Joy, we are nearly -penniless, and you do nothing but fume about nothing, Jand then, as if we were not poor enough, you lose £100. Aunt Deb will make me pay it." Jov felt crushed. She could never repay all this. They were indebted to Sir Ivor for even the roof over their heads! She came slowlv forward again and stood by the big open fire, and the flamehght could uot hide her excessive pallor. "Father, 1 see that ifs too much for me. You give me a cruel choice. I'll marry Sir Ivor, but only only in name. He offered me that, and I'll accept it." Mr. Lydeard rose hastily and kissed "Never mind conditions, Joy. God bless you, child. We are saved. I know be ia rich—immensely rich." 