Three Cornish Stories. i. ' There edn' no sich thing as ghosts,' said Mrs. Tonkin ; ' but we do be' old the sperrits of the dead just when the breath do leave the body, before they are gone total and. uumpxeie, uuu wuou i/uojr uu uu gvmo iuoj don't never come back; they can't, or else they don't want to.' ' Sperrits of the living,' added Mrs Tre- witcben, 'is different. Ef you see the sperrit of a live man wen the days do lengthen, the man will live long ; but ef you seen et when the days do shorten, he will die soon. 'Twas August month when Vaylor Dick saw his wife's sperrit, and she died on Michaelmas day. Dick come into our house one night to tench a pipe with the maister. Et wa3 a had night, with wind and flaw. The lamp was lit, but the blind was up, and Dick was setting by the window. Sudden he 8eehia wife's face, as white a3 a wall, and shinen wet with the rain, glazen (staring) in upon him. He got up and went out, thinken she'd come to call 'en baok for some- then ; but there wadn' nobody there. Dick was in a brave fright, you may be sure. 'A runned home as hard as 'a could, and there 'a ded find his wife sprinklen linen ; and when he asked her, she said she hadn't stirred abroad that night- Then et come to him how 'twas August mon''i, and the days a-shortenen, and his heart sank in him. But 'a dedn' tell he what he'd seen, for fear she'd go mazed with the fright of et; 'a just keeped queeat and waited, poor man, and hoped and feared for six weeks ; and then the fever come, and Dick's wife was the first et took. ' Ess, sure, so 'a was, poor soul,' exclaimed Mrs Polsue.' I d' mind et well ; sfc was the year mother died, dear beauty !' 'D'ye mind what come to our poor dead Kate's husband the night mother died?' asked Mrs Tonkin. ' Ess, sore ; 'at was a queer thing,' said Mrs Polsue- ' Jeffry, you're the one to tell that.' Mr Trembath stopped pacing the room, and began as follows: — n. Et was about this time of year, and the boats were up to Plymouth after the herring. There was the time when I had a boat myself, the Yashti et was called, and Jack Semmens, who married our sister Kate, was in it with me. We had a spell of bad weather — very dirty weather 'twas that winter — and the boat was kept in harbour night after night. Us used to sleep aboard mostly ; but once et happened, I don't mind how, that we were all ashore for the night — all hut Jack, who stayed aboard to mind the boat. In the morning, when we come aboard, we found Jack looken brae'm wisht. ' Lads,' says he, ' somethen queer come to me last night. I woke up in the middle of my sleep, thinken somethen moved on my face. I lay there all of a sweat in the dark ; there wadn' nothen astir, but I felt as ef the cabin was full of Homethen. Then I did hear a sound, like as ef someone was rnbben hands softly together to rub the cauld out. Et wadpen here nor there ; et seemed all over the cabin at once ; and et turned my sweat to a shever. I conlden move, though I tried; I lay there and glazed and strained my eyes to see, tell I felt the dark press down on them like a black cloth. And then lads,' says Jack, ' I'felt a hand pa83 over my face — such a small, soft hand. Thinks I, I'd know that hand ; ther's only one hand as soft and small as that ; et's dear mawthei Jenny's hand, sure enough. After a bit I put up my band to touch to 'nt. Et dedn't move away, but it was gone — melted", like, atwe6n my hand and my face ; and my hand touched my own flesh. Now, lads,' said Jack, 'what do ye think of et? What do that hand mean ?' ' Et is a token,' said I, ' a token of some- then, and I don't like to think what.' And sure enough, that day a letter come from home tellen us mawther had died in the night. 'Eh, et was a wisht thing, sore,' said Mrs. Polsue. ' Bat to my mind the strang est token of all that ever happened in our family was the one that come to father with the lily.' And this iB the story as she told it. . m. When mawther died, she was buried in our family grave up to the simmetery ; and father planted a lily over her. 'A teeled et and watered et, bnt do what he would, et woulden flower nor flourish. Every Sunday for most a year he put on his black coat and went up there and tended et, but et wadden no manner of use. But at last, one Sunday he come home, and eajs to me, 'Jane, I do believe mawthei's lily have made a start at last. Simmen to me et looks like bndden,' says he. Eather was brae'm glad over et, for he had eet his heart cn maken that lily grow. Next Sunday he went again. When he come back he was in a fine state. ' Et i3 out !' he says, ' et is in blowth — the biggest, whitest lily ever you behold — a beauty and no mistake. I am main glad, that I am. Buc Jane, says he, ' I well tell yo a queer thing. I was standen looken at et, and thinken upon jour mawther, and I Ree the stalk bend over, and that lily did nod to me— ef I do live et did. Jane,' says he, ' et did look to me like a token from yonr mawther, same as ef she was spaken to me.' j ' Hauld your tongue !' says I, ' et was the ' wind.' 'There was no wind blawen to-day,' says he. 'Then you were dreamen,' says I. ' Et may be so,' says father. Bat he was took dan serous next dav. and died afore next Sunday oome ronnd.'— -Chaei.es Lee. 