[COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE.] The Voice on the Stairs, BY "RITA," Author of "The Sinner, " "Kitty the Rag," "Peg the Rake," "Ending of my Day," "Sheba," "Countess Pharamond," "A Woman in it," &c.;, &c.; [COPYRIGHT.] THEN it's not true, Molly?" "No, darlin'. Don't ye be payin' any heed to sich stories. Thrue is it? Haven't I been here at Ranfurly since I was the height of yer- self. Don't I remimber yer gran'father, ould Sir Lucius. Ah, 'twas he was the fine gintleman, wid an oath always handy, and the masterful way wid him—for he couldn't bear contradiction —and for the matter of that, no more can yer own father. I nursed him and Mister Standish, and I was here whin yer mother came as a bride, and I had ye in my arms whin ye was born, and, as I told ye before, niver a sight nor a sound av any ghosts, and being so long in the family they'd have been payin' their respects to meself before this if they'd have had any sort av dacent manners at all at all." "It's not a ghost, it's a voice," persisted the child. "And Gallaghan was telling me about it. It's a whisper, she says, comes down the long corridor, and it's a warning to the person who hears it, and if they don't heed it something dreadful happens to them." "Well, that's a mighty sensible ghost, I'm thinkin'," said Molly Magrath. "For people generally do come to grief, darlin', when they disregard warnings—if so be the warning is sensible at all. So may be Mary Gallaghan had some truth on her tongue for once. But there, come and sit down and have yer tay, child, and don't be worritin yer pretty head wid ghosts and thim sort." The child drew near to the teatable. She was a small, pale slip of a creature, with a frightened look in her soft blue eyes, and that shrinking, nervous manner which is in itself an advertisement of unhappy child- hood. And Maureen O'Farrall was unhappy with that hopcloss unhappiness which is the out- come of crushed footings, tyrannous usage, and general misunderstanding. She was the only child of two singularly unsuited parents, and had lived in an atmosphere of storms and disagreements ever since she could remember. Her mother was a beautiful woman, high spirited, passionate, and reckless, who had married a man much older than herself for sake of his wealth and position. She found herself in the power of a tyrant, the victim of incessant jealousy, and the butt of a temper alternately cynical and morose. When, after three years of this life, she gave birth to a daughter instead of an heir, she had filled the cup of her offending. The O'Farrall property would have to pass to a brother of Sir Lucius, whom he hated and had quarrelled with years before. He brooded over this fact until he had magnified it into a wrong jointly committed by mother and child. Poor little Maureen grew up in the shadow of fear. Her mother cared little for her, her father was only an object of terror to her young mind, and her only friend and comforter was her old nurse, Molly Magrath, to whom her troubles were always confided, and who tended and cared for her with all her honest loving heart. Still it was a sad life and a lonely one for the child. Ranfurly, her father's property, was situated in a wild and desolate part of the west coast of Ireland. The house itself was old and gloomy, and she used to creep about the great rooms like an uneasy spirit, afraid of the rustling hangings at the win- dows, of the shadows lurking in the deep re- cesses, afraid most of all of the great corridor, to which the famous oak staircase led—a vast space, ill- lighted and full of mysterious corners, and hung with ancient family pic- tures, whose gloomy faces and strange fixed eyes used to terrify the little girl as she flitted by on her way to the nursery, where alone were light and air and brightness to be found. On this evening when she had finished her tea, Maureen drew her own little chair up to the bright fire, and sat there leaning her fair head against her nurse's knees and listening to her kindly chatter. "Molly," said the child at last, "why doesn't Uncle Standish ever come here now?" "Faix, darlin', it isn't for the likes of me to be giving raysons for family quarrels." "There was a quarrel, I know," continued the child. "I heard my father speaking about it to-day, and mamma got so pale and looked so angry." "Did they say anything about yer comin' down to the party, darlin'?" asked Molly. "I've got yer white silk frock ready for ye in case ye might be wantin' it." Maureen shook her head. "No," she said, "I'm sure they don't wish me to come down, and indeed I'd rather be here, Molly." The old woman stroked her fair hair silently, and they both sat gazing into the fire and listening to the rising wind as it sighed and wailed around the gloomy house. " 'Twill be a wild night for the party," said Molly at last. "Not that the quality care for a trifle of bad weather in these parts. Ye was sayin' about yer uncle, darlin'. I did hear some talk av his coming to-night. But perhaps yor mamma told ye?" "No," she said, "nothing. Is he really coming, Molly ?" "I couldn't say for sartin, darlin', but there must be somothin' in it, as the red room has been got ready, an' 'twas always his room. It's many a long year since he set foot in Ranfurly. Ah, 'tis he has the kind heart, as iveryone knows, maybe a bit too soft where the ladies is consarned." She stopped abruptly, remembering the keen young ears strained for her incautious words. "Oh, I do hope he will come," exclaimed Maureen. "Do you think he will ask to see me, Molly? Surely mamma wouldn't mind —and yet——" Her eyes contracted, and a little puzzled frown drew her smooth brows together. She was trying to remember something—some words that in that stormy encounter between her parents had flashed like steel from its scabbard and struck her mother pale and dumb. "If it were Standish, and he were in my place! Do you fancy I am blind, my lady, because I don't choose to see? Yet——" And then she had slipped away and left them.. What had the words meant? Did her mother really wish the younger brother were in the place of the elder? Owner and master of Ranfurly—one beloved where the other was hated, one respected where thr other was only feared! " 'Twill be a grand party intirely," con- tinued Molly presently. "Twinty-four to dinner at laste. An' wasn't I lookin' at yer mother's diminds this very mornin', and thim sparklin' that lovely on the satin av her gown." "I wish I could see her," said Maureen wistfully. "Well, and why not?" said Molly coolly. "You've only to stand at the corner where the corridor turns, and ye'll see her come out av her room an' go down the staircase. Ah, 'tis she is the beautiful creature whin she's dressed, an' wid the jules on her white neck as grand as any Quane, God bless her." "But that corner is always so dark," said the child, with a little shudder. "An' what av that? Who's goin' to hurt ye, dark or no? There's no place ye'll see her so well, barrin' the dining-room itself ; an' ye say they've not axed ye to go in at all?" Maureen shook her fair head. Then sud- denly she rose and leant her arms on Molly's lap, her little wistful face upturned to the only one that had ever shone with love and tenderness for her. "I wish, Molly," she said, "I was a woman." "Oh, darlin', don't be wishin' any sich a thing at all. 'Tis a power av sorrow they've to bear, an' wake craytures at the best. Meself I niver throubled me head about the bhoys. There niver was one I'd be talkin' to the whole country round. There was Andy Boyle as was throwin' an eye at me once," she went on reflectively, " but divil a bit av use. An! a poor husband he'd have made, seein' 'tis three times in gaol he's been since Christmas. I mind once his arm was round me waist, but I ups an' jumps out av the place afore it iver got any further. But there, darlin', don't ye be thinkin' on thim subjects, for swatehearts are poor things an' not worth the havin' whin ye've got thim. Not that the gurls belave it ; an' niver a one in the parish but has her heart set on a wine- coloured cashmere to be married in, an' lets the first man as comes along put the 'come- dher' on her. An' what's the end av it? Living on the clippings av tin, as likes as not, for want av a look round the corner instead av a jump in the dark." The child sighed and slipped down again on the rug by Molly's side. "Two hours yet before the quality will be arrivin'," remarked Molly presently. "And me lady will be wantin' me to help her dress in an hour. It's a shame Sir Lucius doesn't let her have her own maid, not that there'd be much for a maid to do, an' thim stuck-up foreign maddams wudn't live a month in a place like this, for the misthress tried kapin' one whin she first married, an' niver a one wud stay." "Mamma goes out very seldom," said the child. "Thrue for ye, darlin', an' 'tis moighty rare to have any entertainin' here either. Sorra a bit av a party hero have I seen for these eight months till to-night. Whist! What a night, too! The wind's moanin' round the place like a laygion av banshees." "Perhaps," said Maureen, "the people won't come, Molly." "Oh, they'll come, darlin', fast enough. There's not too much divarsion in these parts at the best av times, an' weather's not likely to stop it whin there's a chance av any." "I should like to see them," said Maureen wistfully. "Will all the ladies be as beauti- ful as mamma?" "As beautiful, is it? Faith no! 'Twould be hard to bate her, agra. Not that she's the same woman she was ten years ago, but time and trouble, darlin', have a dale to answer for wid us women. But there—don't be lookin' so solemn, child. It's nothing to do wid ye. Now git yer doll or yer books an' play here till I come back to ye. An' mind, if ye want to have a sight of yer mother jist go down to the corridor an' wait under the big picture where the turn is to the staircase, an' ye'll see her beautiful. An' don't ye be thinkin' av ghosts an' sioh like, for they're baint no sich things, barrin' a banshee or so as comes to visit the raal gintry. Now ye won't be lonesome, will ye?" "Oh, no," said the child cheerfully, as she took her doll from its cradle, and then went over to her favourite shelf of fairy tales to select a volume. She seated herself once more by the fire and became absorbed in the sad adventures of "The Little Mermaid." She did not know how long or short a time had passed, when the door opened quietly and someone came into the room. She glanced up, thinking it must be Molly, but to her surprise it was a stranger—a man middle-aged, but strikingly handsome, with a kindly smile on his lips as he met her startled eyes. "Why, Maureen," he said, "little Maureen. Don't you know me?" She rose to her feet, shy and wondering. "Ne," she said. "Who are you?" "I am your uncle Standish," he answered. "I thought I would like to see my little friend again, for we were great friends, Maureen, the last time I was here. Let me see, that was four, no five years ago. You are ten years old now, are you not?" "Ten years to- day," said the child. No one had remembered her birthday save only her faithful old nurse, Molly. No good wishes or presents had celebrated it for her. "I knew that," said her uncle, smiling. "And if you will come here and give me a kiss, and say 'How do you do, Uncle Standish?' I will show you a little present I have here for you." There was no resisting that kindly voice and face. The little girl forgot her shyness and went over as he had asked. It seemed strange that he had remembered what her own parents had ignored. He bent down to the little pale face, and kissed it. "May you have many more birthdays, little one," he said ; "and may each be happier than the last. And now here is your present." He took a small case from his pocket, and opening it revealed a locket, with her mono- gram in pearls, and suspended from a fine gold chain. The child gave a cry of rapture. It seemed to her the loveliest thing she had ever seen. She could scarcely believe it was meant for her, even when her uncle uncoiled the chain, and fastened it round her neck. "Oh, how good of you to think of me," she cried. "No one else did—except Molly." "And your mother, surely?" he said. The child shook her fair head. "No, I think she forgot," she said, simply. "Per- haps it was because of the party to-night. I suppose that is why you came," she added, gravely. An odd expression shadowed Standish O'Farrall's expressive face. "Yes," he said, "that is why I came. And I remembered it was your birthday, and I thought you would come down to dinner also." She glanced down at her simple frock and childish pinafore. "Oh no," she said. "They would not let me do that." "Not even to dessert?" he said. "Per- haps if I spoke to your father——" Some remembrance of the scene of the morning flashed across the child's brain. "Oh, please do not," she cried entreat- ingly. "They—I mean father—would only be angry, and I am much happier here." He saw she was in earnest, almost pain- fully so, and ceased to press the point. "Well, come and sit on my knee and talk to me," he said cheerfully, and took Molly Magrath's big easy chair and drew Maureen towards him. She had quite got over her shyness now, and sprang lightly on his knee and began to talk to him in her quaint, old-fashioned way in answer to his questions. They were laughing together over some story he was telling, when again the door opened and Maureen, to her amazement, saw her mother enter the nursery. It was altogether so unusual a proceeding on the part of Lady O'Farrall that the child stared at her in speechless surprise. Her hair was dressed, but she had only thrown on a loose sort of wrapper, through whose sheeny silken folds her neck and arms and the beautiful contour of her figure were plainly visible. Her cheeks were brightly flushed, her eyes shone like stars. To the child she was as ever—the embodiment of all feminine loveliness. The man looked at her with sad, grave eyes, in which reluctant admiration showed itself. He put the child down, and they advanced and shook hands. "You found your way here, then?" she said in a low voice. "I have only just heard you had arrived." She took no more notice of the child than if she had been a block of wood : only beckoned him aside to the window and kept him there for a few moments in earnest con- versation. Maureen wondered what they were talking about. She only caught stray words here and there. It seemed as if her mother were urging something to which her uncle objected ; but he pleaded vainly against her urgent persuasion, and one by one she com- bated his arguments, until, half reluctantly, he gave the promise she demanded. "I tell you," she said at last, "it is life or death. I must have the money, and this is the only way. At least they are worth £10,000. Live here a day longer I cannot—I will not!" He gave a warning glance in Maureen's direction, but the child had taken up her book, and was paying no attention to them. A brief time longer Lady O'Farrall lingered talking in the same subdued whispers ; then declaring that she would scarcely have time to dress, she hurried away, only nodding carelessly to the little girl as she passed her. It seemed to Maureen that a change came over her uncle Standish. His face lost its genial smile, his eyes looked sombre and uneasy. He no longer laughed and chattered to her, but stood with his elbow on the mantelpiece, gazing into the bright fire. The child's fine tact kept her from disturb- ing him. She had been well schooled in self-suppression. After a while he seemed to remember her presence, and once more begun to talk to her. But the chain was snapped. It was an effort to him instead of an amusement, and very soon he bade her good night to go to his room to dress for dinner. "I am staying the night here, you know," he said. "So I shall see you again." He bent down and kissed her, and then stood for a moment, his hand on her head, looking sadly at the fair hair and the little, wistful face. "Ah, why weren't you a boy, Maureen?" he said, sadly. "An my enemy instead of your father's?" Then he went away. It was well that neither of them knew what would have happened in that ill-fated household before they met again. Maureen grew more and more restless as the time went on. At last she decided she would go down to the long corridor and endeavour to see her mother as she passed in her bravery of satin and jewels to the recep- tion rooms below. She stole down the stairs as the clock pointed to five minutes before the hour, and made her way to the corner of which Molly had spoken. It was certainly obscure enough to shelter her, for the corridor was always ill-lit, and even to-night proved no exception. She had scarcely taken up her position when the door of her mother's dressing-room opened, and she came out. The child looked at her in breathless awe. A vision so lovely seemed to her almost unnatural. Her gown of white satin trailed behind her ; diamonds glistened on her white throat and arms. She passed along like a queen in her beauty, and began to descend the stairs. Suddenly it seemed to the child that a cold wind swept through the gloomy corridor. It sighed past her like a living voice, and in its mournful passage a strange sound wailed out, and then died into the silence. Was it fancy, or had a word really sounded? The child felt as if an icy hand had seized her in its grip. She had no power to move or speak. Suddenly her mother's voice broke sharply and yet with a thrill of fear in its clear notes across the stillness. "Who spoke?" it said, and she half-turned, and stood looking up the stairs, she had descended, one hand on the oaken balustrade, the light falling on her pale and startled face. There was no answer. She stood as if expectant, then turned again and went on down the broad stairs, the satin of her gown rustling faintly as she moved. Maureen scarcely waited for that trailing echo to cease ere with a low cry she dashed from her hiding- place, and into the dressing- room where Molly stood putting away the odds and ends of her mistress's completed toilette. "Saints and angels, child! what's the matter at all?" she exclaimed, as Maureen flew to her, crying and trembling in sheer bodily terror. But the child was almost speechless, and it took all the woman's powers of scolding and soothing combined to calm her into her old self again. "There is a voice, Molly," she cried, and that was all she would say. "There is a voice. I heard it, and mother heard it as she passed down the stairs." "A voice, accushla!"—and the old woman crossed herself hurriedly. "Och, shure, it's dramin' ye are. 'Tis the wind howling— didn't I hear it meself?" But Maureen only shook her head and maintained that not only had she heard the strange whisper, but her mother must also have done so, for she had paused and turned to call up the stairs, and asked who had spoken. Molly Magrath ceased to argue the point ; sho bustled about, tidying the room, and then made up the fire and took the child back to her nursery. But even when she was undressed and safe in her own little bed, Maureen could not sleep. She started at the slightest sound, and grew more feverish and restless as the night wore on. To please Maureen Molly left the night lamp burning when she went to her own bed in the adjoining room, and, bidding the child shut her eyes and try to sleep, she set herself to follow her own advice. The sound of carriage wheels died away at last. The silence of night descended on the house. Still Maureen lay there wide awake, her eyes staring at the light, her brain filled with a thousand strange and thronging fancies. The very stillness of the room became oppressive. The sighing of the wind had grown fitful as the gale died away. The sound of a clock striking in the distance reached the child's ears. One—two—. It was two o'clock in the morning. She longed to sleep ; she drew the clothes over her head and lay quite still, as she had been taught to do when quite a little thing. A lulling calm began to steal over her excited brain. Its unnatural activity ceased to torment her. She seemed to be slowly drifting away on a dark sea, and thought for a time was extin- guished by the torpor of sleep. Whether hours or moments had passed she could not tell, but suddenly she started up wide awake, feeling as if ths low, muffled shriek she had heard was still ringing in her ears. All was silent. The room was half in shadow, the fire had died out, the lamp was but a feeble glimmer of exhausted light. An impulse overpowering and forcible made her spring from her bed and rush to the door. Outside all was darkness, but a gleam of moonlight fell through the uncurtained window of the landing-place and sent a milky track wandering along to the head of the staircase. She crept along that track led by some dim instinct. The fantastic tumult in her brain had grown suddenly calm, all fear had left her, she only felt that she must go on and down to the long corridor. It was from there the shriek had ascended. Step by step, one small cold hand clinging to the balustrade, her eyes wide and strained, guided only by the quivering line of moon- light, she made her way downwards. The corridor was dusk, and full of shadows. One solitary lamp was flickering on a bracket. There was no other light. But it seemed to Maureen as if external illumination could have shown her no more than she felt she saw—a white figure lying still and silent at the head of the great stair- case. Horror seized the child as she gazed down at the bloodless face, the staring eyes trans- fixed by terror unutterable, the parted lips, and gleaming ivory teeth. She crouched down beside the motionless form, and her hands touched the still warm body, but it was growing momentarily more stiff and rigid. Maureen started up, and screamed aloud. In a moment doors were opened, lights flashing, all was confusion and dismay. She remem- bered no more. The silence of desolation and ill-repute had descended in Ranfurly House. The tragic death of Lady O'Farrall had never been quite satisfactorily explained. To those who had seen her at her dinner-table that night, lovely, joyous, radiant with health and life, it seemed altogether horrible to think that a few hours later she had been found murdered in her own house. Robbery was supposed to have been the motive of the crime, for her diamonds were gone, and no trace of them had ever been discovered. The robber must have been secreted in the house ; an easy matter enough on that night when doors and windows were open in all directions, and so many strange servants about that an unfamiliar face would have excited no remark. At the inquest nothing was discovered in the way of a clue, and the usual verdict, "Murder by some person unknown," ended the mystery of that tragic night. Standish O'Farrall never crossed his brother's threshold, never was seen to speak to him again from that hour. As soon as the funeral and investigations were over Sir Lucius shut up the house, leaving only three or four old servants to take care of it, sent Maureen to a school, and went abroad. Eight years afterwards he was found dead in his bed in a third-rate hotel in Paris, where he had been living. Death was certified as due to heart com- plaint, accelerated by fast living and abuse of stimulants. After his death his brother Sir Standish succeeded to the property and came to live at Ranfurly. Maureen was now eighteen. A beautiful girl with a face of intense melancholy and eyes that seemed almost to hold some haunt- ing terror in their depths. Her uncle removed her from school as soon as the house had been put into order, and she came to live at her old home again. Life there was one rather to foster than banish melancholy. Her uncle had aged wonderfully in those few years. His hair was quite white, his erect figure had become bowed and feeble, his genial face and pleasant smile had given place to an expres- sion of all-absorbing sorrow. People talked and wondered and shook their heads and murmured of uncanny deeds and an evil fate attending the O'Farrall family. It was certainly no place and no life for a young girl, and Maureen grew pale and shadowy and silent. The spirit of some strange doom seemed for ever brooding about the silent rooms and dusky corridors of the grim old mansion. In her own old corner of the nursery sat Molly Magrath, an ancient crone now of seventy-six, for ever telling her beads and crooning old stories to an imaginary child. Her brain had never quite recovered the shock of that awful night when her nursling's screams had summoned her from her bed and she had found her mistress lying stark and stiff in the long corridor with the imprint of cruel fingers on her bare white throat, the life choked out of her by some ruthless hand, and the child lying in a dead faint beside her. Sometimes Maureen tried to get her to talk of that night, but it was only foolish babble, and the mystery seemed destined to remain for ever a mystery. Everyone evaded the subject. Her uncle would never speak of it. The servants had all left except Molly. In vain Maureen sought for clue or begged for enlightenment. Even the newspapers containing an account of the tragedy had been kept from her, and at this late hour it seemed hopeless to get copies anywhere. And yet day by day, as she lived her ordinary life and went about her ordinary occupations, Maureen felt that the mystery of her mothor's fate was becom- ing a haunting spectre to her. It met her in a thousand memories of her unloved and un- happy childhood, it haunted the rooms that her mother had occupied, above all it haunted the long corridor with its gloomy corners and its rows of dismal portraits. She never passed through it but she seemed to see that queenly figure descending the broad staircase, the diamonds flashing on her white throat and in her beautiful hair. And all that grace and brilliancy and beauty had been ruthlessly crushed out of her in one moment of murderous rapacity! It seemed awful to think of, and yet she could not but think of it. She believed now in the legend of the warning voice, believed that it had indeed breathed its fatal message to her mother's ear. What deed had she contemplated when that prophetic "Don't" wailed like a wailing wind through the silent corridor and arrested her step. Oh, if she had listened—if she had believed! Maureen had lived a year with her uncle, and every day and month of that year had only meant an increase of dreariness and melancholy for both. One evening he had retired to the library as usual, and she was sitting reading a book in the room she had fitted up and chosen for her own use. Suddenly she remembered that she had left a note-book in which she had made entries and extracts from her favourite authors in the library that afternoon, where she had been reading some of Shelley's poems. She rose at once, and ran lightly down the stairs and entered the room. Her uncle was standing before an old-fashioned escritoire, looking into an open drawer. So absorbed was he that he did not seem to hear the girl's entrance. Wondering what kept him so still she crossed the floor and looked over his shoulder. In a moment he had crashed-to the drawer in nervous haste, and turned and faced her angrily. "How dare you steal on me like that?" he cried. The girl shrank back alarmed at his anger, especially for so slight a cause. She excused herself, and explained that she had come for her note-book, and having found it left the room. But when she had closed the door she sank at the foot of the staircase, white and terrified. Ere the drawer shut she had caught the glitter of diamonds— a mass of diamonds gleaming and sparkling under the lamp rays even as the ill-omened jewels on that fatal night. Could they be the same? Had her mother been murdered, not for sake of robbery after all? She remembered one jewel—a star with an opal centre and five great points of light. Surely it was that same star she had just seen! She rose and stumbled confusedly up the stairs and went to her own bedroom. Her mind was made up. She would open that drawer by fair means or foul—see if her sus- picions were correct, and then—her thoughts travelled no further. The goal of her discovery was her limit. Time passed on, and she heard doors closed and barred, and then her uncle's step passing to his room. She fancied he paused before her door, but she had blown out her light, and after listening a moment he passed on. She shuddered as the last echo died away. The horror of her own suspicions was maddening. She waited on and on. It was past mid- night. Then she took up her candle, and softly opened her door. Darkness every- where. Nothing stirring in the whole house but herself. Softly and swiftly she passed along. She reached the top of the staircase. She laid one hand on the balustrade, and begun to descend. Suddenly a cold wind rustled by, seeming to chill her very life with its freezing breath. She stopped, and there facing her in the dark below was the white figure and lovely face of her mother. She caught the sheen of satin from the trailing gown. She saw her hand raised to her bare white throat. Then like a flash the form was gone, and on her ear sighed a wailing voice. "Don't"— it whispered, and all was dark and silent once again. Maureen stood like a figure of stone, clinging passively to the balustrade, but in- capable of speech or movement. Should she heed the warning? Should she return and leave suspicion unverified? Gradually the frozen blood grew warmer, her heart ceased to throb so wildly. She told herself she had but fancied this scene, and moved slowly down the stairs once more. She entered the library. How cold and dark and gloomy it looked. Before her was the old escritoire, and on it stood two tall silver candlesticks. She lit them and then surveyed the drawers, and marvelled how she was to open them without keys. Her eyes fell on the desk of the escritoire, she tried it and found it was unlocked. She lifted the lid, and saw lying in a corner a quaint old key. Seizing it she tried with feverish fingers the drawer she had seen open. It opened at once. She looked in. It was empty. Thinking she might have mistaken the drawer she tried another, but the key would not turn the lock. Impatient and angered at her failure she returned to the first one, and jerked it open so roughly that it came out of its place altogether. Actuated by some in- explicable impulse she stooped and peered into the empty aperture. Lying far bank she caught sight of a folded paper. In another moment it was in her hand. The writing was unknown, but to her amazement she saw it was addressed to her- self as follows : "To be given to my daughter Maureen O'Farrall by my brother, Standish O'Farrall, at such period of her life as he may deem best." She sank down on the nearest chair and began to read. The letter was brief, but every word seemed to soar and blister her young heart with horror. "I shall be in my grave when your eyes read this confession," it ran. "Maureen, I murdered your mother. I murdered her because I was mad with jealousy and sus- picion ; because I thought she loved my brother ; because I heard her planning to leave me, and caught her in the act of giving him her diamonds, I thought it meant too pledge of guilt ; only too late I learned that I had wronged both. I fled the place in horror of my deed and of myself. He, my brother, kept my secret. Sometimes I wish he had not—that he had given me to the fate I deserved. And you, Maureen—must I con- fess it?—you are a murderer's child. You ——" She read no more. With one exceeding bitter cry she fell face forwards on the floor, her forehead striking the sharp corner of the table, and the blood streaming from the wound on to her white gown. So Sir Standish found her, to his unspeak- able horror, when he entered the library next morning. He had removed the diamonds, intending to have them re-set and given them to her on her twentieth birthday. Alas! there was no twentieth birthday in store for poor Maureen. She lay in the old churchyard beside her ill-fated mother long before that day had dawned. 