OPAL T 0 N. fFKO.U OlIU OWN OoniiESPONDUNT.l The late copious] fall of rain has given a decided impetus lo mining operations all over this district and several places which for months havo lain idle are now being actively worked. A I the Bald Nob, where severul tioii ' pots' have been obtained in the pist, Shillingrou and parly arc sinking ti prospect ing shaft on the northern side of the hill ; aud at ihe Red Hill, about a mile distant, R. Barnard and party are prospecting at a deep level, a ' crop ' which has yielded some good stones near the surface. Should this show turn out ri^'ht, it will be a good thing for the field, us there is a large area of untried ground adjacent, on the surface of which good specimens have been occasionally fouud. The Hard n.inc, distant about three miles from Couway's old claim, is also to have another trial. This mine in the early days yielded some splendid opal, but has lain idle on account of the hardness of the ground and the scarcity of water. The Maine and Horse Creek arc attracting the attention of a number of miners, aud from time to time aim 11 lots of opal arc obtained. The old workings on Sandy Creek still . support a number of men, and occasionally gems which bring fancy prices arc unearthed. Since my last letter Cruise and party aud Ralph Hill \nd party have respectively got small lots oi good opal. The latter party got some boulder opal of splendid quality in their holdings ou Poverty Flat. 1 hear a few good stones were lately got by another party wot king near them. A large party was to have loft this week to prospect some country between Kosebrook and Cork, but au no rain had fallen in the vicinity Ihe idea was aban doned. Mefsrs. Cobb and Co.'s buck board arrived to time on Friday last with the Longreach mail, and loft, on the return trip on Sunday morning. The regular tunning of a vehicle batwetn Longreach and Opalton will be a !:oon lo the travelling public, and will no doubt bo well natrouiaed provided the fares arc moderate. O;;:- L'v.vn Tennis Club is in full swine, and I noii:c som,e of the 'colls' arc nuking good progress, seme neat and fast play being occa sionally exhibited. Our Progress Association appears to be dead. It would have been belter ti- have fijiitsheil the work on hand before giving up the ghost. The fence round the watcrhole is still incomplete. The waather is fine, with a strong variable wind and cloudy sky. Opilton, 11th January, 1S9S. The A.U.S.N. Company's f.s. Klamang, which arrived here on Thursday week, lauded '220 merino rams for the Darl ing Downs and Western Lands Com pany's Westland Station. They were shipped by Messrs. U. D. Morehead. and Co., Brisbane, and consigned to Messie. Walter Reid and Co. They go out to Longreacli on Monday next, A. j?:s&KY; and. Co.'s Leviathan Half yearly Cash Sale is au institution when the citis-us of Rockhawpton, the .residents of the rising townships, find the o'coupicrs of the great westo.ru plains eagerly look forward to. We have tons of bargains to dispose of, articles of everyday use, remnants, odds and ends of household drapery, which we arc determined to get rid of on the easiest cish terms, but which arc too numerous and diversified to be described iu 11 short paragraph. Jt ii almost unnecessary to advertise this old-established scmiannuul closing-out cash eale, but for fashion's sake, we remind you through these columns that the sale iis vow on, and un paralleled bargains arc obtainable at A. F^nnev and Co., Dcofcon House. — Advt. 