AFTER MANY YEARS, O3 FOR A MOTHER'S ACT, CHAPT'R XXIV.-(Continued.) So Beatrix passed ourt into the dark ncss. But wherever she wenit she car ried light-- faces beamed when the cottage doors andnittcd her; children clung around her skirts, the old put on their spectacles to see her more clearly; working men looked on with sheepish admiration and wonder both at her and the generous gifts she brought. Many a sick child's pinched little face lost its sharp and painful lines as it held out its eager hands for the brightly coloured toy brought to catch its fancy. I wonder if the rich London beauties ever think of-the pleasure and happi ness a fen of their bright superfluous coins judiciously laid out would pro duce did they try like Trixy to make Christmas a joy season to others; surely at such a time we might im part to the needy and suffering some .of the blessings so freely showered on ourselves. Yet how few of the prosperous think. of Christmastide, except as a season ?when they must eat, drink, and be merry. With many a blessing Beatrix Beau ?mont passed. along on her errand of mercy, finding in each home some trace of her friend Augustus Manley's .goodness, and many a word of love from their rough lips for the kind gen tleman who laboured so hard for their good met her ear. People constantly say the poor are without gratitude, but have they ever taken the trouble to ascertain the truth of the assertion--or have they thrown them gifts as bones to a. dog? At any rate Beatrix Beaumont found ho ingratitude at Rowingham; but then, the village people there were w'orking folks, and had not. been ptitperised: by common charities, but bad been taught to be self- supporting. These are the poor who can appre ginate lindness, not the shoeless tramlp nh.o loves his life of idleness and dirt. : At last the donkey cart was empty; the little homes were glad, and Bea hiqx f`elt the joy of giving happiness whichk made her forget fatigue. Mary had watched the scene in every colttage with surprise, and pleasure. She reinembeared the Tome of poverty in w'hich she had been reared, and the sadness of cold and suffering that each Christmas brought: if such an angel of mhercy -'had come in then, she could picture the lighting up of her mother's weary. eyes and the wonder of her small brothers and sisters; but she had no such cheering recollections. Bea trix at length turned homeward in silence; her heart was too, full for talk. It had grown late, . and stars and moon now bshone upon her path. She was thinking of Heaven's good nes to her; of all the happiness that hald been heaped upon her, and most of all the blessing of love, contented love. Looking up at the stars always made her think of her dead mother. People hold such. different views about Heaven, but to Benirix the stare were the many mansions, and her mother's 'home must be in one of them. Poor mother, she had gone away very young; and amidst all her joy Beatrix found there was still one blankl to'. prevent human happiness being perfeot even to her wiho had so much. Was it fancy, or did a figure glide between the shrubs?-the figure of a ?woman:.. She knew that if she spooke her maid would scream from fear, for she was a believer in ghosts, and warnings, and all supernatural things, and terri fled at them; so Beantrix went quietly into the house without remark. Her father was sitting in his little library reading by a warm fire of coal and log, but had not closed the win dow 'ortains, and the stars twinkled on, looking down into the room. There were shrubs outside that formed a blind, so that unless quite close to the window no one could watch the occupants of the room. .Colonel Beaumont looked up from his book to welcome his daughter home, and taking a, stool at his feet (having put her wraps aside) she sat dbown and related to him her night's adventures. - Involuntarily she glanced towards the window-was it again fancy, or did she see a face, looking pale and wan in the moonlight, peering in from between the dark-leafed ever greens? She watched the spot for some time, feeling restless, and every now and then glanced out till sometimes she fancied she saw it, and sometimes that she did not. At last in her excitement she caught her father's arm, saying: "jook! look! there it is again!" Colonel Beaumont turned quickly and followed the direction of his danughter's eyes, but looling from the lighted room out into' the compara tive darkness he couTl1 see nothing. "What is it, Trixy?" he .asked. "I don't know," she answered, with a sigh of relief; "it's gone now." "But what did you think you saw, my child?" persisted her father. "You.n will laugh at me if I tell you, papa, and say I amn overtired." "That's very likely, mny poor darlimig; for I am sure this night's cottage visit ing must have been too much for your strength; but tell me what you fancied you saw." Beatrix was very pale; she looked with an awed gravity in her father's face. "?Papa," she said, in a .frightened whisper, "I never believed in ghosts before; but indeed it was my ghost looking at me with such melancholy through the window." Colonel Bealumoint started. "What strange ' fancies you take, Trixy," and rememnbering.the warning his nephew had received in a dream he drew his child closer to him, and repeated his words as if he could find nothing else to say. . She crept to the shelter of his arms. ThB startled look had not left'her facd. "Papa," she whispered, "I must be going to die and that. come to warn me," (To be continued in our. next.) 