literary floted, '&te.; ? An incident illustrative of Rudyard Kip ling's nerve has been called to mind by tlio publication of ' Captains Courageous (lus ITewfoundland story) When lie was 12 lie -went on a sea voyage with Mr. Lockwood Kipling, his father. Tho cider Kipling be came very sea-side, and went below, leaving j-i,„ +n ln'mcnlf Presently there was great commotion overhead, and one of the ship's officers rushed down and banged at Mr. Kipling's door. 'Mr. Kipling,' he cried, your boy has crawled out on the yard-arm, and if he let's go he'll drown.' 'Yes,' said Mr. Kipling, glad to know that nothing serious was the matter, ' but lio won't let go.' Mr. Scott O'Connor gives some now anecdotes about Tennyson in The Century Magazine. One illustrates the old saying ?about a prophet and his own country : The Shepherd at Farringford was a well inown figure in the old days. When lie grew old and past work, he was given a pension 'by Lord Tennyson, and he retired to a little cottage on the estate. One day a niece of the poet's went to sit by him, and she read to him from a volume of Tennyson's poetry. When she had finished reading, he said: 'Well, miss, but that was fine. What a head-piece lie must have on him, to be^ sure ! You'd never think it, now, to look at him.' ' Oh, yes, shepherd,' exclaimed the young lady. ' Why, I think he lias a beautiful, noble face.' ' Well, well, miss,' retorted the old man, that may be, but you'd never think it, any way, to hear him talk !' The citizens of Hamburg are desirous of ^setting up in their town a memorial to Hein lich Heine, mindful that the poet passed his early life within its precincts. There is a rumour that political bias will hinder the movement. Heine (says the Jewish WorlcV) will outlive prejudice. Why cannot his de tractors remember this ? They come and go, generations of little minds, incapable of see ing or understanding anything that lies below the surface of thought and action. Heine has his niche in the temple of every student and every earnest thinker, and the good men of Hamburg would do well to note this. Mr. William Dymock, of Sydney, sends us ?a copy of Mr. Archibald Forsyth's book Rapara ; the Eights of the Individual in the State. This is a visionary adaptation of the ?fad of land nationalisation to removal of the ills of poverty and inequality of the ?distribution of wealth, and is of no economic ?value, seeing that the experience of Rapara was no real experience. The island was created by the author, that he might locate somewhere a theatre for his fancied experi ments in resumption of land by the State, with compensation to the owner for all im provements ; in production of a livelihood for ?every citizen according to his industry and thrift, under a system of landholding which forbade private ownership and even leaseholding, unless a large proportion of the holding were cultivated ; and in the operation -of a State Bank and tlfe supersession of ?foreign loans. Such literary performances as Rapara are no aids to a solution of any ?economic problem, and this book is one of the ?dreariest productions wo ever read. The difficulty of telling what the time is in 'Constantinople is referred to by the Atlienceum in reviewing ' The Sultan and his Subjects,' iby Mr. Richard Davey. ' The Turkish day of a fixed number of hours begins all the year round (at sunrise, and ends at sunset, and therefore tho length, of the hours changes every day, and fixed time-tables denoted by figures of the watch become impossible, or, if thoy are to have meaning, the watches must be reset every day at least. In Constantinople, where trains and steamboats have to start to time-table hours, the must extraordinary con fusion results, for it is found impossible in practice to keep everybody right every day to Turkish time, and a conventional time has sprung up, by which the alterations are made every three or four days in a little jump. There is one clock in the world constructed at enormous cost to keep Turkish time; but, ?unfortunately, it will no longer go. Another fl i ffi cnl f.xr ia fl i n f n'c +lir- -nnnnlnfir»Ti +nl.-r» f li n ! v \- — ; ? J - ? — - L''i' ? ? ? — notion of sunrise from the gun-fire or tho vbugle call which proclaims it and as this takes place according to the local actual rising of the sun, and not its computed rising, if a big mountain intervenes, as is frequently the case in the Turkish Empire, the time at ono village is wholly, different from that a short way off. For example, at Lord Salisbury's house at Beaulieu the Turkish day in winter would end shortly after 1 o'clock iu the afternoon, and at a place hard by would end at 4 o'clock.' A new story entitled ' Hope the Hermit,' a romance of Borrowdale, by Miss Edna Lyall, is running serially in The Christian World. It began, with tlie issue of January 6. ' Messrs. Chapman aud Hall have just brought out a new, . complete, and un abbreviated copyright edition of tlie works of Charles Dickens, in twenty-one volumes, at ?one guinea tho set. The print is very small, but a cloth binding and gilt edge top are lemai'kable in a shilling book of this size. The edition is the cheapest form in which the author's works have yet been issued, and it may be noted that no other complete editions of Dickens can be issued until full convrio-ht -oxjjires. . ° The memory of , the circumstances under which a copy of Aristotle's ' Constitution of Athens'* was found seven years ago in an Egyptian tomb is revived in the leisure Hour by Sir Edmund' Maundo Thompson, in an article on the recovery of lost Greek literature. ?' The treaties of Aristotle on the Constitution ?of Athens had not been read by human eyes for more than a thousand years ; manuscripts of it that wero at that distant time in existence in the bauds of scholars had perished ; and who could reasonably hope to sot eyes on its text again ? Egypt gave an answer to this ^question. Tlio tomb of somo Greok student ?yielded up a copy of the work, made, as it -seems, for liis own private use, for it was written on tho back of a few papyrus rolls which had already been used for tlie accounts of a farm-bailiff living in tho reign of j Vespasian, a.d.78-79. Perhaps the student was too poor to purchase new papyrus for his transcript ; perhaps, like our poet Pope, tho ' paper-sparing,' ho took a parsimonious ' pleasure in using up the backs of old | ' -documents for his literary work. However the . ?for.fcunato accident of his having mado tho copy, and tho fortunato circumstance that the ancient method of Egyptian burial was still in practice in liis day, have placed us again in possession of a literary work of ono of the most famous writers in the world. ^ IJerc, then, a famous composition in proso is once more in our hands ; and we have had to wait only a few years to enjoy tho good fortuno of recovering a papyrus containing tho writings of one of the early lyric poets.' From tlio publishers wo havo Christmas Numbers of Chambers's Journal (W. and R. Chambers, London), of The Century and the St. Nicholas magazines (Macmillan and Co., Limited.) Tho two latter are profusely illus trated and arc excellent numbers. The Melbourne manager of Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Co., Limited, forward us the fine Christmas Number of The Windsor Magazine with a novel by Grant Allen, The Scallyivag, thrown in. Mr. Grant Allen's latest work, The Evolution of the Idea of God, is one of the most ambitious and not tho least successful of his works, says The Times. The problems investigated aro no less than these : the origin of polytheism, the origin of monotheism, tho origin of Chris tianity. It is needless to say that the book is clever, showing marks of wide reading, in genuity, and a certain verve, one might say 'dash,' and that it attracts by tlio very reason that the writer is cumbered with few doubts or misgivings aB to tho soundness of his theories. His main position is simple and precise, and it is stated impressively in these sentences : — ' Thus, in ultimate analysis, we see that all the sacred objects of the world are either dead men themselves, as corpse, mu mmy, ghost, or God ; or else the tomb where such men are buried ; or else the temple, shrine, or hut which covers tho tomb ; or else the tomb stone, altar, imago, or statue, standing over it and representing the gliost ; or else the stake, idol, or household god which is fashioned as their deputy; or else the tree which grows above the barrow ; or else the well, or tank, or spring, natural or artificial, by whose side the dead man has been laid to rest. In one form or another, from beginning to end, we find only, in Mr. William Simpson's graphic phrase, ' The Worship of Death,' as the basis and root of all human religion.' But the book does not convince — we can scarcely speak of it as ' a summary of probabilities,' to use the writer's phrase : perhaps it is a merit that it suggests many difficulties in the way of the theory which it supports. The last few pages, which recognise tho presence of formidable difficulties in face of the main thesis of the volume, and which do not adequately explain them away, are a singularly weak ending to a clever book. 