V. So James went down, civilly announcing that Mr. Latouche regretted having to keep them waiting, and would be with them presently. Some moments had elapsed, when a heavy foot was heard on the stairs, and a figure appeared at the door of the drawing-room, which James had purposely left in the deepest shadow. There was a pause, during which one of the subalterns whispered to the other, and the captain inwardly ejaculated: " By jove!" However, all three officers arose to greet the supposed Mr. Latouche, who was now approaching them, apparently with diffi culty. He was attired in a suit the nether garments of which seemed very scant indeed, whilst the high waistcoat was but toned across the broad chest in a fashion which suggested apoplexy for the wearer; and the coat, which the hapless Matt had not attempted to button, completed his resemblance to a trussed fowl. The poor fellow's face was purple, partly from exer tion, partly because of a high collar, kept in place by the voluminous folds of the neckcloth, then an essential part of a gentleman's attire. The English commander observed this singular figure for a moment in perfect silence, Then he advanced, speaking with grave courtesy, undisturbed by even the ghost of a smile. "I believe I have the honor of addressing Mr. Latouche ?" "I won't contradict your honor," said Matt, with a bow which he believed to be full of grace and elegance. " The officer, taken aback, observed him again as, with his hand upon his breast, he made a second and third bow, in dancing master style, to each "of the other offi cers. " Mr. Latouche, I am Captain Howe, of the Lancers," said the officer intro ducing himself. " Proud to know you, sir; and likewise these gentlemen." He indicated the two younger men with a sweep of his hand; and the captain having mentioned their names to him, pro ceeded— " I regret to say, sir, that I have come here on most unpleasant business." " Have no regrets at all, whatever your business," answered Matt, "seein' that there's a fine roast of beef spoilin' in the oven below while we're talkin', and a bottle of ould port in the cellar." " But before we say more," observed the officer, " I must inform you—" " Here is James to tell us that dinner is on the table. And that same is more im portant than anything you may have to say; for your information will keep, but the dinner won't." 