CHRISTMAS CHESS. IBY "HOB ART." ... ' In the one stout, and now rare, volume of Brcn tano" there appeared (January and February, 1S82) an ably written sketch, by Mr. C. Godfrey Gumpel, entitled "How the .Devil wus Caught: A Chess Legend." Filling some 26 closely printed columns, and containing. only three morsels of actual chess— raoy though these were— the story was exposed to the serious objection, from a player's point of view, of "too much frame for the picture." And yet, in spite of this, it was o clever piece of work blessed by a pleasant philosophy of life and a kindly treatment of the principal character, which was conceived with a Burns-like charity. But a new generation has arisen since Brcntauo went the way of all elaborate efforts to provide a current literature of the game; and- so, considering that some things are too. good to be lost sight of,, wo have attempted to abbreviate this old curiosity, taking outragoous liberties in the way of altera tion and curtailment of Mr. (Jumpcl's text; in fact, only preserving one of his illustrations (the second) and the ingenious ttuale of his tale. Of the three position given, No. 1 is au adaptation irom-l'ou- ziiuii; No. 2 is au end-game by Loili; and No. 3 has been specially composed by a member of me liobart C.O. to illustrate tills story. By way. of giving a more suitaol© title to our flippant plagiarism let us call it THE AUTOMATON: A CHESS ROMANCE. CIIAVTER I. Man' years ago Mr. Adotphus Greene was the acknowledged cuainpion oi the Skittieton O.U., but still he was not happy; merely local celebrity did not satisfy him. tic hud read of Mr. black, bird's performance, blindfold or peripatetic, and could not see why he uiignt not become equally famous; since, alter comparing some of that mas ter's published guinea with Ills own (not yet made public) the diltercuce in merit seemed but trilling —to au unbiassed mind. A trip to Loudon; auu the loss of sundry shillings at Smqisou's, while it slightly disturbed bis ccnudcncc, added iuel to -his ambition. So he invested another shilling in the very latest work on the game, and began a course of private study,- often, consuming 'the .midnight gas at hi9 | quiet lodgings. But Hie harder he worked at homo ! the worse he fared at the tri-weekly meetings of ,-tho Sklttleton club; bis memory began to play him tricks, and his knowledge of the various openings grew more mixed and misty the more lie reud. One memorable night (1st April, 18—), in his despair, he exclaimed aloud, "Oh, that some friendly spirit, the ghost of RhlUdor— or anybody- would euinc and help me out of this muddle!" Forthwith there was an odor as of a box of "Tand- sttokor" igniting all at once, and an amiable voice was heard saying, "Do not hesitate, my dear sir, to command my services." We need not 6 top to describe our hero's alann, which was naturally considerable, nor to enter into particulars about his sudden visitor. Having judiciously calmed Mr. Greenes agitated nerves, the latter introduced himself m these terms. "1 give lessons in chess; indeed, I call myself a professor of that noble art— or science, if you pre:er the expression. Should you desire references, I anf at liberty to offer seve ral to the parents of former pupils, amongst whom t may mention Bambino, a most- respectable Spanish clergyman named ltuy Lopez, Greco, Ron- i-mni iind others. But pos?.:cl-. von »:». lu have a slight difficulty in communicating with these . gentlemen, and so it will be best to come straight to business. I can "t'f1.. t0 make you the strongest plajer in the world— on remarkably easy terms." (Auolphus started, and turned several tdiudcs paler.) Ah, I see what s the matter," continued the Pro- lessor,. i ou have been reading some of those ridi- , cuious newspaper stories about me. All nonsense. ;my dear young friend. I'm not going to' ask you to sign a foolish document in vour blood, makimr I ?.vcr Properly pf which you cannot legally \vlPOtrn a» lmvc t0 Repose is simply fiiis— H"?3' »t. say, intervals of a week, If that will be quite convenient to you If you succeed in preventing mo from winniug any one I of them, I will place luysclf at your disposal in any manner that you may choose. If, on the other hand, 1 succeed in winning all three, then you nro- mise to enter my sendee — -" "Stop," ejaculated Oreeue. "That is encash: fongcr " cxouse me' but 1 cannot listen to yoifuny "One moment," replied the other. "Pray un. derstand me clearly. I was about to add that 1 : will pledge you my word oi honor as a— well as a profcssir, never to ask you to do anything of . w hich your conscience does not thoroughly approve ! But take your time and think it over. . .I'll look in for an uiiiwcr this day week. Meanwhile kindly notice, when you go to the club, how much your game is already improved. Au rcvolr, aud mind— mum a the word." CHAPTER II. (Extracts from the Diary of K Greene.) April 8.— It ia certainly remarkable how easily J."0'' ,» ' CD' Klines "t the club./ I am co„- viiiced that 1 can give any man there a rook and a licking; and very gratifying it j3 t00. Now let me see. lie distinctly said, "Nothing to which your conscience objects." Surely I must lie safe S'St tting. - Then also ho has armed me against himself. I believe I uni quite 113 strong as the Professor' can possibly lie, and I have only to draw one game out of the three. Ridiculous I I'll Later. Extract.— He left an hour ago. I accepted his terms, after a careful recapitulation. We then Played our first game. He had white, and opened in an extraordinary fashion,- showing an ulter dis regard for numerical advantage. The wav lie tlutis ids pawns away was simply awful. I can only de- acrlbe lii3 style ol play by saying that lie seemed to despise obvious moves, however good they might he, and to lie keenly 011 the look out for opiiortuni- ties of a neat and problematical finish. At length tile game reached the following exciting stage:-— Bluett. White. w lute (the Professor) to move, G bVl iVq'n 1 'Vo K'I) 1 3 ' 1 P 2 1 1 Kt 6 1> 1 Obviously I was threatening mate on the move. If Willie prevented this by It to B2, or B takes B, ill either case a dimple forced mate was' left- and if he played Q to KKt sq, I could get Ilia Kt and ! B in exchange for my <U, and should tlu n win pretty easily. True, he..liad two checks with his Q; but, in answer to Q to HO ch, I could move my K to Kt sq,; while it Q to Kt 7 eh, K to It sq seemed n satisfactory reply. 1-or, thanks to my Kt and B, he could not work lria (J across tlin board no as to give mote In short, perpetual check was all 1 lind to fear! and 11 draw (as I remembered to my satisfaction) . would suit uiy purpose just as well as a win. I But though I had evidently won the match at I tho very first encounter, 1 tlaltcr myself I pre- served an .appearance, of polite inditfcnmZ"""r point of fact, I was not a little curlnuJ 1' n how rny opponent would take it. At oid,," ,T' wmncr of a hard fight has to listen patenh, 10 libera! aolection of stereotyped excuses 1. ,a talk about there being no "luck" onl pretend to believe that the best rnaS All I can say is. Ask a loser what lie 1 think- X" it. and you'll be astonished to find C .- the refutation of this doctrine is. But I T, 1 lo met a real professor ot chess before, a d raih" wondered if so great a player could accent A.f CT without any sacrifices on the altar of w0 , m"5 vanity. However, to ray surprise. mv Ctl did not suggest a draw. No; he merely E S for nbout half a minute, and then said, "1 l?d congratulatf you on tiie improvement in i to game, my dear Greene. You have fomrht w monly well: but luckily form? it fc no?0 move, and I beg to announce n mate in seven " . I could not restrain a -smile -of incredulif t a thopruf.-ssorqiuctly indicated the modus opcranS and then added, "There, work It out for iS i at your leisure: It's n pretty, but simple, i,ulv And now 1 am duo over in Melbourne in half m liour, and must, tear myself awav. This d,,!'1? suit you? Right. Farewell." " cck _HOiWas quite correct; It was mate in seven and I hud lost the amino I felt bo confident about ning, or . at least, drawing. 1 CIIAITEB III.— (Extracts Continued.) 15th April.— A careful examination ot the ram„ so unexpectedly lost last week showed 111c S and how I had gouo wrong. It was my ,,1 petuosity and over confidence that had given S opponent the victory. I hnd not kept steadq, " ' view the point that it was quite unnecessary fir mi to achieve an actual wm, a draw serving L u8 pose just ns well. And so, with neivcd by this reflection, and tiy my contlm!«Tj'' cess at the club, I awaited the evening ot our n«t appointment. On arriving, the ProCnsor sceS in 110 hurry, for his game, and we drifted into . very interesting conversation, "de omnibus rebus" —political, social, literary and scientific. He slfr prised and amused me a good deal hv 1,1, phatic denunciations of cant and shdms 'mdnH- the ground of their vulgarity and foc»lisl,nc Sfam- of his remarks were almost imrndoxiii |S tiieir force. Thus, speaking ot what lie styled "tumultous philanthropy," he said, "My own or porience tells me tint one can liaixllv ever .10 wrong in giving money for amusements, and hardly over do right in giving money for the nc- cossariM of life." And, again, in criticising the methods of our modern democracy, he remarks 1 "The result of a popular election isateuTS heads do not always win." After au hour'thm pleasantly spent in "swapping platitudes." ns he laughingly termed it, we turned to the chesi taide, when he said, "By the by, my dear mini! before we begin our game, there la a little point I ought to mention for your own sake. At our last delightful meeting, I noticed you fliigeltrd about a good deal with a couple of pencils, or was it a pencil and paper knife? I felt rather afraid that you might, quite by accident, so disnosc them on the table ns to form a certain sien of course you will understand the particular sicn I refer to; : Now, it is only right to warn you that for rcao6na , which need not be specified, if that sign ia crer nmdc in any way whatsoever in my presence/ the Consequences to both of 113 will lie most terriWe,;- t/nder no circumstances would 1 -bo'K\uUy:.,0 -8i:oh an act myself, and 1 must beg you, for your own sake, to be very careful not to transgress. And now, it is your move 1 think what opening arc you going to give me?" It wasa.Utiy Lopez, and led up to a hard fouclit game; though' I 'must- admit ray opponent's love of eccentricity led liim to neglect two or three decidedly good moves; so, at least, thev seemed to me. After some hours of it, we were left with precisely equal forces, and the position was as follows:-— Black. WlIlTli. Black (the Professor) to move. (2 Q 5 | k p 0 | p 1 p 1 P 3 8 | 5 r q 1 1 0 P 1 1 OKI' | 1 R U.) It will be observed that, though I threatened mate on tho move, Black could avert this by a per petual check with hia Q» or by playing U to Kt5, in the latter cose, however, I should huve ex changed Rooks, and then won with ray advanced pawn; and of course in reply to P to Kt4, 1 could give a perpetual with my Queen. Apparently my satisfaction at thin successful termination wm a little too manifest, for tho Professor put on his most agreeable anile, and' said, "I am sorry, dear sir, to inform you that you quite mistake the jpua of thin game. Supposing you to make the i»o« replies possible, I can now mate you in bctcu moves." "Newer/' I cried excitedly. "In to your chcclcs I play my K to 1W and hack to htr, and you con only make a draw of it." "I "J8 too high A regard for you," he replied. ' to do more than point out the muting position. I saw it; saw only too plainly thai, with all my good play, I had- loat— lost by a wily strntmrom ol which none but a professor could have been cap able. CHAPTER IV.— (Extracts continued). 22nd April.— The eventful evening for our flail encounter found mo prepared for the worst. Alter all, what I. had seen of my mysterious opponent only served to convince me that his character wm very different from what popular credulity Mil painted liim; lie wus by no means so black «s Nut. Indeed, there was n strange fuscination about in) teacher that almost reconciled me h' the uc® ®J having to nHust him in some of those philanthropic schemes which, in our conversations, he liaa un- folded to me. And yet, the chess player's ni jural craving for victory actermlned me to do m) eoi, and not succumb too easily. , . .... "You wont' forget what I oatd to you hmo about that Sign," he observed, aa we were up the pieces. 1 nodded. It was upun his t ir to have the first move, nnd our game «ku» d loped into the wonderful complications 1 in wmc my opponent appeared to dcliglit. RosiUons qui beyond my i>owcrs of analysis prc.-entcil t p Reives in most bewildering succeFwon, unt . nervous strain became 60 intense that 1 tea Hhould be beaten through ahecr hiniHtion. « length wq arrived at the iunu»»»'g — position:— BLACK. White. White (the l»roft«or) to : M Wd »cca : I ' nin ment I felt comparatively, ine t» antl true the White Q Could check, at «?y. u Lnnsing the Kt 1 believed I must QS, but .by and soon turn the tables, come out, ,m bound to confess tlmt 1 was too However, Xyioiis efforts in Una most per- worn oot the position as it dp- plcsinS Pj!"? (Ui,i ,io \vii3 Co take comfort from served- All II , wa5 ,1(t immediate cause the tliojifiht that ( my s,lr„rIxf Wllcil f.r ansict. Jui,h.. .... friend v mit Bllnhtly. I licalll iny ojipoj" ,vvVjmt a curiml3 coincidence contemptuous torn. - end in so . similar that «».our,e"nlror the thiril-umi lasl-f- a, mv- dear Adolphus, ' 1 ' can under- time, no moves." ".'1 beg. .to « » i rejoined' hastily, roused out of my doubt J by |,js patronising maimer. vd smilirigly .:'>Vc-wiU c,d ;«Str to a conclusion— if you caij.'.' . . ' till die. ch.» (! " , renficj— l. K to Q4. - He answered 'Tl'Vl r fc Zk >1 3- ? t?kcl,KP dl n4 6 Tltese were clearly my. host move an 5wrs lcadiiiB to immediate mates. He cot tin d ?!j o tskes B eh., and 1- replied K tnkcA'tf, the di «i" to avoid instant destruction. .-Then came fn to K13 ell., and my reply -.was forced; vIC lo K6 Hc-ncst pW'cil 6. Kt- lo.QO. cii;. .and I s JJaili md; promptly moved mjr.fc- to ,hB0. -uBia ' moves had now- been played, and the Professor -took toQIl-toBivevvlmt 1 at once recognised was . neat and flaishctl mate. . ' ;V 2' i , It was all over, and I; was on the point, of. si nk- ii S into niy chair in the bitterness of my anoyance; wlicn-f saw m.v opponent, -to mjvBrcnt allow- tlie - piece - to drop out of Ins Sm!, whilst a maniacal laugh, which sounded like a veil of agorov shook tho - room and the house to its foundation. . The smell of matches became lickcninR, aiid, - for.-, tlm moment, <1 .believe i I fainted.;:. '/"''/ \ V," , /;.Y: .'.J';,, ' ... But'fthcte whcre.wua tlic'Frofessor? It was quite clear that he had suddenly disappeared/ though I failed to perceive' the reason for, this.. Befbrp his departure, he had swept the' inen off tlie board— contrary to bis farmer custom, when he. «l>vnya left we the position, to study- Curiosity tnade me play 'over the game, . bringing it. again to .the point when he lmd announced mate in seven- fob, that ominous number!)— and I carefully went over tlie continuation until 1 came to the last jnove, Tlie whole secret lay revealed! The Pro feasor could not, or would not, make the move! Why? Dear reader, 1 cannot tell you, why. Hut, if you take a chess board and men, go alone into your r6om, lock tlie door, thca set. up .the position as shown iii the diagram, and. make'the moves as rcconlcd, vou will understand why he could not, and I'darcd not, make the final move. . Astonishment . at the tuni my . adventure hrnl taken made me temporarily quite overlook the consequences. The Professor, not having com pleted bia last move, luid not mated me in seven; so, of course, according to his own stipulation, the game was to he counted a draw, and— I had won the match! What should 1 demand? I know, .1 cried, the cunning one is caught; henceforth Ids sendees are' mine, and 1 will chuin him to the dhess table to play for my amusement. ; And such, my., friends, was the origin of the | popular toy, the bo called chess automaton. .For \ awhile I kept him; but his play gradually fell off from the high level of our first three games. ' "Mcphisto" (as I used to call him) lost his sub lime eccentricity ami becami&quite; huninn in his Style. So then 1 parted with." pirn— for a considera tion; and I believe that he4ia uow in New York, ready to do battle against all comers, for the small charge of 25 cents each. Ife is never impatient, even if opposed lo the slowest, of the slow His moves arc made quietly and with promptness, and he hu no annoying habits, but is uniformly courr teous. When he bus defeated his Adversary, as he ' almost invariably docs, he just looks up and hows in acknowledgment of the honor shown hint.'-' I advise you, if you happen to be passing that way, to. drop in and have a game with him; it is. worth the money. ' Conclusion of First Game. 1\. 0Kt7ch 1. Kit sq i. ' ; f 2. QB8 ch 2. KKt2 ' S. Q B7 ch 8 ICR eq ' 4. 11B8 ch 4. Ktxll 5\. QxQP ch 6. DxQ 0\. BxB eh . 0 KKt ea 1\. ICtllO mate. Conclusion of Second dame. o 3S? c,h 1. KRS - .2. QUI ch 2. KKt2 3\. Q<)t ch 3. WIS "' ' KKI2 5\. QK5 ch 5. |(|j3 1 O. 1(1(5 ell 6. I'll! 7\. QUO mate. There arc some : slight . variations in both tlie above, but they will present" no ldifflculty to the solver. Conclusion" of Third Game ' In order to prevent tho Professor's error from being too palpable, this position .was arranced vvitli a view to the following conditions:— (t) /rhat tlie "Slpn" should be of nn iimisnal form: and (5) that tlie final position should be complicated by the pre sence of other pieces, not. however, touching tho cross. ... . 