NOTES. Editor Roydhouse, of the- 'Sunday 'Times' is a man who has kept his hand on the public pulse too long now to' be ever in doubt of the journalistic panacea best suited to their craving for reading matter, and therefore the publication of ' Times Tales,' a collection of verse and stories from tho columns of the ' Sunday Times ' should, as far as circulation is concerned, be remark ably successful. But it is hard to seo how it can pay at tho price. * a a » Threepence for fifteen stories, written by some of our best known story writers, and illustrated lavishly, seems a' ridiculous sum. Quality and cheapness are however a step in the rightf direction, and the venture — some of tho advance proofs of which we have seen — has the bost wishes of the 'Catholic Press.' - i- ? « . ? It-is a wonder that Dumas' great rcmancp 'Tho Throo Musketeers ' should have re mained undramatised so long. . The wealth of incident, the picturesquonoss of thetimos, the vigour and vitality of the plot — all these qualities offered exceptional chances to the dramatist in search of good material. Mr. Sydney Grundy, the cables tell us, has attempted the task, and tho drama under the title 'The Musketeers' was produced at Her Majesty's Theatre, London, with Mrs. Brown Potter as Miladi. Probably the beautiful Kyrle played D'Artagnan, a character eminently fitted to his genius. The played was pronounced a success. ? ? m vvnon Alexander Dumas, the younger, was just out of college, his fathor took him on a hunting trip. They put up at a farm house and oeoupied two little bodrooms which opened into each other. In tho middle of tho night the son was awakonod, rind saw his fathor walking back and forth. ' What are you doing ?' askod the boy. i ' You see I am walkincr.' * ? ' You are sick?' ' Yes ; 1 am in great pain, but I am used to it. I havo it overy night.' ' Is there nothing- to euro it ?' 'It is incurable.' 'But can't it bo relieved ?' . 'No, when it takes mo, I get upland walk. If it is very bad, I go to reading.' ' And when it is insupportable ?' 'I go .to work.' It was true ; and in later years his son often saw him sitting at his desk writing. , 'How can you work always?' some one asked hirh upon suoh an occasion. 'I havo nothing else to do,' he answered. The monument which has recently been erected to Madame Juliette Henry, once directress of tho Cercle Litteraire Francais, was unveiled on Sunday at the Waverley Cemetery by Mr. B. R. Wise, Q.C., M.L.A.. who, in an eloquent address, touched on the life of this talented and devoted woman who had known so much of pain without allowing herself to fall from her ideals. *** Madame Juliette Honry , arrived in the colony in 1874, young, beautiful and en thusiastic. Left a widow whilst young and living in Paris on ample means, her imagination was fired by that spirit of revolt against the materialism of the third Empire, which found expression in 'Les Chatiments' of Victor Hugo, and for several years before 1870 she was the friend and confidante of a most brilliant group of artists, lawyers, and men of letters, who, under the leadership of Gambetta, laid the foundation of the third Republic, Her time of trial came when her second husband (Dr.' Rastoul), a man of science, was condemned to death for a political ofence. Dr. Ras toul's life, however, was spared as the result of the devotedness of his wife, and he died after leaving Noumea, whither she had fol lowed him to exile. After Dr. Rastoul's death Madame Henry never re-visited her native land, but had her abiding place in Australia, though her home was the world. Upon her arrival in Sydney she began to earn her own living by teaching French. *** Messrs, Moule, Hamilton and Kiddle, acting on behalf of tho owner in England of the copyright of 'Hymns Anoiont and .Modern,' havo written to ?Professor Marshall-Hall and his publishers calling upon thorn to -withdraw from circulation tho Volume of verHOS rooontly issued by the professor under that title, and rIho requiring them to give an undertaking that thoy will not issiio any other publication under that or a Bimilar titlo. ? ? ? Mr. Kipling tolls in an amusing way how he first began to writo verses. It was when ho was on an Indian newspaper, and he seems to have had some difficulties with his editor because he was given to versifying at untimely seasons. But in time he came to understand the editor's position. 'A sub editor (Mr. Kipling very sagaciously ob serves) is not hired to write verses. He is'1 paid to sub-edit. At the time this discovery shocked mo greatly ; but, some years later, when I came to be an editor-in-charge, Providence dealt me for my subordinate one saturated with Elia. He wrote very pretty Lamb-like essays, but he wrote them when he was sub-editing. Then I saw a little what my chief must have suffered on my account. There is a moral here for the ambitious and aspiring who are oppressed by their superiors. , But such as my verses were,' I burned as many as were published, and of the survivors at least two-thirds were cut down at the last moment. Nothing can be wholly beautiful that is nob useful, and therefore my verses were made to ease off the perpetual strife betweon the manager extending his advertisements and my chief fighting for his reading matter. 'They were . born to be sacrificed, Ruku-Din, the fore man of our sido, approved of them im mensely, for he was a Muslim of culture. -- He would say, ' Your poetry very good, sir ; just coming proper length to-day. You giving more . soon ? One- third column just ' ' . proper. Always can take on third page.' ' * ? -? ? ' v David .Christie Murry tells in an English paper how he interviewed tho spirit of Robert Louis Stevenson. This is quite a novelty in 'ghost stories, and should deeply interest evon' those w_ho never met R.L.S. Mr. Murray himself did not know the seig nour of Valima, but the latter, like most of us, thought a lot of 'Joseph's Coat' and 'Rainbow Gold,' and had written, to the author, praising them. When Stevenson died Christio Murray was in Amorica, and presidod at tho memorial meeting in honor of the decoasod romancistatCarnegie Hall, New York. A foAV nights later ho was up coun try at a lonoly little accommodation, houso. in Canada, wrestling with a now poom, and not thinking of R.L.S. 'When,' deolaros ' Mr. Murray, 'I- went to bed 'and put out my candlo, Stevenson was miles away from my thoughts, and I was wrapped in tho contemplation of tho one stubborn vorso in my poem. On a sudden, ay I lay my faco to tho wall, I was aware, in Bomo strange way, of a figure behind mo. I saw nothing, and hoard, nothing, but the impression was ontirely clear. Tho figure advanced with a certain willowy graoo — it was as distinot to me as if I had soou it — roaohed the chair at the bedside, Hoornod to romove tho shallow candlestick from. chair to tablo, and to sit .*?' down. Thon tho faco bocamo visible — to my imagination alone — and I recognisod it as / that of Robert Louis Stevenson. When you know a faco from photography only it 'is not easy for the imagination to set its fea tures in motion, but hero they sparkled with a brieht and afi'eotionate animation. ' Now, I'll toll you what I should do with that verso if I wore writing it.' There was no sound, and yet tho words wore in my ? mind as clearly as if a yoico had spoken them ; and not only that thoy had a certain characteristic tone,' an individuality, not to be dofined, but real. And then, without the . faintest conscious o/Fort of my own, came this verso : — 'With looks liko any devils' grim, Ho pourod the brewage till it ran, ' . With fotid horror at tho brim ; '. Now drink,' he gibed, and 'play tho man !' ... Ho reached tho chalice forth ; it stank, . , That my soul failed me, and I drank.' Now! whethor that ' bears anything . of Stevenson's hall mark or no I oannot tell. Bub the thing happoned, and whether it weroa faot or a fancy in its inward essen- ; tial, it in a faot from a historical point of view.' ' ? ? ? ? Tho «f Methodist Churohman' tolls the following pretty sfcory, heading, it' 'Real Moan j' Mias Josephine Kipling, the eldest child of Rudyard Kipling, wus whipped for . . ? telling a fib, and wont to-bed sobbing re b.elliously. 'I think it's real moan, so thoro ! My pa wriles grSat big whoppers, and everybody thinks they're lovely ; whilo I told just a tiny little, story, and gets whipped and sent to bed !' ? ? ? ? ? ? Tho presont Lord Chief Justice of Eng land when at the bar was one day asked in ''' court by a friend ; ' Russell, what's the oxtreme penalty for bigamy?' 'Two .mothors-in-law,' was the instant reply. Mr. ?? ' Geo. Gissing would have done well to re member this when he made bigamy the ground work of his now humorous novel, 'The Town Traveller.' As ho was desperately bent on. being funny, what ohar aotors could bo moro useful than two comic mothers-in-law V They opon out an un equalled vista of jocular possibilities. Truth to toll, however, Gao. Ginsing ' in lighter , * vein ' is not amusing. Liko tho Scotchman, , ho 'jokos with doofioulty,' und but for some capital character atudios, ' The Town Traveller' would bo a bore. As things aro, tho book must bo put down as un worthy to rank with any of tho author's provious work, and not to bo montionod in tho same homiaphoro m 'Thyim' or, ' Domos,' or ' Tho Nothor World.' . . . I have faith in labour, and 1 sbo the good- ' .: ness of God in placing us in a world whore ! labour alono can koop uu alive. Manual labour is a school in whioh men are placed to gob enorgy of purpose and oharaoter — a vastly moro important ontlowmont than all tho learning of all othor schools. ? i ? 