A WESTEALIAK'S VIEWS OF ENGLISH BAdNGk MB, D. HAEWOOD IKTEE VIEWED. Mr. David Harwood, who for years was closely identified with the Westralisn turf, ftnd to whom the advance of the sport is t« some extent due, returned to the coloaj on Friday, after having -speat the best portion of the year m Kurope. As a member of the committee of the Western Australian Turf Club and a proioisent racing man, Mr. Hkrwood'e opinion of the sport at the other end of the world should be of interest to Weetralians. ** I saw nothing of racing on the continent, but I managed to attend boko* of the big meetings in Eng land,' said Mr. Harwood, ia the course of a chat with a representa tive of 'The Morning Herali' on Saturday. What ware your impressions of the Eianaer is. which racing is conducted in the old. country ? 'Woll, 1 don't think the ar rangements at Newmarket, Epsom, and other courses I saw are any better than those ia the colonies. At Ascot the visitors are liberally and well catered for, and one looks in v&ia; in the colonies for the rotnn-ias, tea-houses, and the many other conveniences which form a striking feature of the en closure at Ascot. We might well follow their example in this respect. In the enclosure at the Perth coarse there is abundant space, aad * in a climate like) ours the facilities I refer to would be found a great boon, and would also tend to add vastly to the popularity of the meetiags of the leading club. I know tbe almost perfect state of things at Ascot is the creation of a century, bnt still the object-lesson provided should not be thrown away.' ? You saw the great Galtee More win the Derby? ' Oh, yes, but I didn't back fcim. He ie a fine colt, though I tLini be was lucky in meeting Velasquez manifestly out ef form ; otherwise he would have been beaten. The best horse I have ever seen is Per simmon, who would certainly have beaten Galtee More had he mot him. Persimmon is a perfect specimen, of the thoroughbred. There is noth ing superfluous about him, and h« moves like a piece of machinery. He is the horse of the century ; not Galtee More.' I suppose you saw the Austra lian horses ? ' Yes ; I went down to the Cob ham Stud with Mr. Allison, the ' Special Commissioner ' of the ' Sportsman.' Trenton looked well, but he was showing signs of age, and Carnage, though he had thickened out a groat deal, is still light is the flanks.- Both sires are in great demand just now. Ma luma was as ' light as a cork,' and Webb said that he had failed to get condition on the mare. Mermam w&s; looking splendid. He is con sidered one of the greatest race horses in England. I was eo im pressed with the son of Grand. Flaneur that I predicted his suc cess and backed him on two occa sions when he won. Daimio has quite lost his pace, and among the knowing ones he is not voted a ' ghost of a chance ' in the Liver pool Grand National Steeple chase.' Will the starting machine get into general use, do you think ? ' It will take time. The trainers are not favorably disposed towards the innovation, but the backers and the spectators like it. There is an agitation under way with the object of compelling clubs to use the machine for all two-year-old races. I think Polain's invention a better one than Gray's. Mr. *Dan* O'Brien, the Now Zealand owiter trarner, had forwarded a machine to Mr. Allison to be tried in Eag laad, but I heard nothing more about it than the mention by Mr. Allison of its arrival.' What do you think as to the future of Australian horses in England? ' In England there is a pretty general fueling that the Australian has come to stay. It is acknow ledged that the English thorough bred is light ia the bone, and that it is essentially necessary to intro duce the element of stoutness pos sessed by the colonial- bredaBimals. English horses get skis sore in the summer, but the Australian horses stand the hard going welL' Were yon favorably impressed with the English style of riding ? ~'1 like the style ia which tbe best of the English jockeys ride. Wood, Cannon, Leates, aad ether popular horsemen sit perfectly still ; and another pleasing feature is the absence of punishment. You sever see an English jockey sit down, and severely flog a horse even whan riding a desperate finish. He trusts to his hands and knees, and perhaps gets a good deal more oat of his mount in consequence.' Yon me many Australians in yonr peregrinations ? 'It was the record reign cele bration period, you know, and hundreds of Australians were n London. I saw Mr. W E. Wilsom, Mr, 'Tom' Hay don (lately secretary of the Victorian Clnb, Melbourne), and Miss Ethel Haydon (who baa be come famous already), and hosts of others from the ? Sunny South.' ' Mr. Harwood was ill for same time in London, and was therefore prevented from seeing as much racing as he woula have liked, but he contemplates returning to Eng land in tbe course of a month or OS, 