DIVERS' PERILS. Shark Stories. Divers who have been down In foreign l eas . t ( eil of ^.'"S junta's with sharks But it appears that the demon of the sea, witli all its voracity, is a little timid iu | presence of the sttauge creature that wears j a shining helmet, with the eye of a Gorgon and a long plume of hissing air. buddies. A diver who spent some years at the Australian pearl fisheries describes iu this way his first encounter with a shark:—"I felt' instinctively," he says, "a strange presence lteiorc 1 saw -anything. 1 he small fish usually found in great numbers among the corals had entirely disappeared, and the absence of these flitting l.itlle companions, when one has become accustomed to them, produces the effect of intense stillnei-s. "A creepy, indefinable sensation of dread took hold oi me, ana it became one of downright tenor when 1 turned and saw, within ten feet of me, the bulk of an immense shark. The creature lay almost motionless, half hidden among a mass of cobweb corallines.' My first thought was to be pulled lip;' but as fish have human nature enough to want !i thing as soon as they see it is being taken away from them, I rejected the idea. A sweep of its tail, and the great fish and I were face to face. "Holding my breath, I stood perfectly still, my heart beating wildly and my eyes rivetted on the wicked eyes and cavernous mouth of the shark. I felt that the monster was inspstting me with some curiosity, and after a few moments 1 bacame aware that by an almost imperceptible motion of its flexible tail it was gradually approaching me. Nearer and nearer came the leviathan".;, the : hovel-shaped nose pointing directly to .11 y face-glass, i'lesh and bl6od could stand it n<> longer, and with a yell I threw up jjiv arms. Instantly there was n swirl of wack", a cloud of mud, and my enemy vauisiied. Another shark story, this time from the West Indies. "A large steamer," the diver relates. " had stmek on" a reef and then slipped off into deep water, taking with her the mails anil a valuable cargo. There were some papers that wore particularly wanted, and I was in the ehartroom under the bridge working for them when suddenly, as I turned, I saw the wicked snout of a big brute between me and the door. I went creepy all over, I cau tell you. But I kept still and so did he, except that lie .worked a lin lazily, like a screw steamer holding on .igainst a tide. T got the knife in my belt loose, and waned. The shark evidently did not know wiiat to make of me, and gradually drifted over to the other side of the room. I began then to move -towards the door, and had almost reached it when the shark 'made a sudden rush in the same direction—and disappeared. Which of us got the bigger fright 1 don't know." But encounters with sharks don't always end so. Some years' ago an English diver, who was at work on a sunken wreck off the island of Diego Garcia, had a visit from the same shark every day ior a week. At first he had ?i0 trouble in scaring it away; it was enough if be gave a turn to the escape valve" in his helmet and let out a little air. But at the end of the week.it bad "become very troublesome. 'Tile diver signalled for a knife and a iocped i;ope, and then boldly l eld out his bare hand as a bait to the shark. The monster came on with ;t rush, ami was tlirning on its back .when it was stJtbbed by the diver, who then passed the loop round its body and sent it up to the surface. A cool head should certainly be included in the equipment of a man who seeks to earn his Li ead in the sea. The storv told of a diver who saw two ghosts, "full fathom five," under the surface. He had gene down to the wreck of a lai-ge steamer, and was crossing the main saloon when two grey shapes of enormoussize came shambling towar-ls him. He did not wait to make notes for the Psychical Society, but gave the danger signal, and '.vis at once pulled up. Told in the cheerful light of day it seemed rather a lame story, and another diver wect down to see what he could make of it. Towards him also came the shambling grey shapes. Ho stood irresolute for a moment, aud then going boldy forward strut-;-; his .hatchet through—a mirror. The ghosts were only a dim reflection of liis own legs, much enlarged. of course, as everything- that a diver see"? through the great frontal eye of his helmet.—Melbourne "Hera!.:." THE LATE MR. F. G. WATERHOUSE. 