ra w ir am CHAPTER XV — (Continued). Marcia pot up, lier face puzzled, and went to the mirror, where she softly {luffed her golden hair about her face, then slipping off the sailed cashmere wrapper she had on, arrayed herself in one of tho gowns Miss Abby's money had paid for. 'Ton stay here, mother dear,' said Marcia. ' It's something private, but I'll tell you about it afterward, maybe.' Sho opened the little parlour door and went in. A man arose from the shadows in the corner. ''Oh, is it you?' she said her voice sur prised and excited. ' You surely have not forgotten Mr. Grey ?' lie said, meaningly. ' I have not forgotten you,' Murcia answered ' but — ' ' Remember, said the other, ' that I am Mr. Groy — that's my Same.' ' But— but why have you come to see me ?' asked Marcia, breathlessly. A look of slow but evident admiration dawned in liis eyes, and for a moment he did not speak. 'There are several reasons,' he said, slowly, drawing a chair close to his and motioning Marcia to be seated. ' Yes, several. 3Tirst of all, I sec no reasons why you and I shouldn't befriends, the best of friends. Now, friends help each other, -and that's what I mean to do for you.' He took her white hand gently in his, all the time looking intently into her cold, blue ???,. eyes tbat were now sparkling with excitement. 'I' don't pretend to say that I -am wholly ... . disinterested in my wish to holp you, but I'll ? speak of that later on. I?or tho present it ?will suffice to say that if we are friends I see no reason why yon, with your beauty and grace and cleverness should not havo a portion of the Farneleigh wealth. I am in a position to get it for you. Come, now; what do you say?' . ? . Their voices sank to low whispers, and at parting Marcia held out her hand, her head thrown back, a hopefnl light in her eyes. ?ivir. irray Dent ana inssea it twice, ana, with a few parting words, he departed. , Marcia watched him go down the cottage steps, and stood there until the night's shadows engulfed him. Then she threw back her head and laughed. \ 'Mr. Grey,' she repeated, softly; .'Mr. Grey, this day has indeed been filled with surprises for me.' ' CHAPTER XYI. ., ' .A MEETING. 'Have you heard the news, mamma?' 1 . Marcia asked this question of her mother, r a few days later, as she came in from an after noon walk in the woods. Mrs. Baldwin looked up frortf her sewing, ; something in Marcia's tone startling her. It \ ' ,-was oven more hard and bitter than usual. ' No What is it child ?' .-t,' - ' Madgo is going to marry Ivan Trent. The engagement is announced — that's all.' The piece of work sank into Mrs. Baldwin's lap and she took off her glasses. ^ / ' ' Did you ever hear of such luck ?' she said, her anxious eyes fixed on Marcia's face; , ; v 'But child, why dq you worry over these u - things ? Why not accept the situation as it , ^ , is ? Oh, Marcia, I wish we'd never decided ? to stay here. - What's ? tho good of it? It's ' - ' only a living torture to you and I know you'd ' be 'happier in New York. . I know you , ' would.' ' !* ' Well, I know I wouldn't. I'm satisfiod v ? . ?where I am at present,' and .a slow enig j . matical smile flitted over her face. ' But to '? * think of her marrying him !' / Sho flung herself into a chair and looked into the fire, anger and chagrin mingled in the expression of her eyes. -* ' Ho attracted mo by his very indifference,' she murmured ; ' by his masterful air and r handsome face, not forgetting his fortune,' . , and sho laughed brusquely. ' Mi's. Baldwin's voice was again hoard in minor repining. ' I was against your daring the tiling, as vou know from tbe first, Marcia, and if you'd taken my advice you wouldn't havo all this -disappointment to boar. But you would do it, you would come in Madge's place.' Marcia sprang to her feet. 'Yes, and I'm glad I did,' she said, hotly. ' Even with failure on luy head, I'm glad I did. It was a change, anyway ; .moro than that, it was decided change for tho better. Don't be a goose, mother. Have you for gotten Mr. Grey ? If he docs all he promises, MisB Madgo Farneleigh won't inherit all of the Farnoleigli millions. Some of tho monoy ?will bo turned from its usual channol into our pockets.*' ' But if it's discovered ?' ' That's his lookout, not mino.' ' What's his object, Marcia, in doing all ;this, ch ?' . ... Marcia looked conscious aud shook her head thoughtfully. ? ; * ' Dear, simple old mamsio,' sho .said, ' sho ? idoesn't sec that Mr. Grey is falling in lovo v -with hor daughter — that's all.' \- ' But you, Marcia, my beauty — you couldn't care for him ?' ' . \- : ' Marcia's face hardened. ' No,' she said, coldly, ' but that's no reason for my not marrying him, if he has enough money. There's probably no better fate in store for me. I wasn't born under a lucky star like Miss Farneleigh.' With these words she went up toiler room, her small heart fairly sick with envy at Madge's good fortune. ' I haven't discovered yet the reason for her strange visit to the empty house,' she' murmured. ' Oh, I suppose it is wrong and hateful and altogether bad, but if I could find out something to humiliate Madge Farneleigh I'd rather have it than a present. There was something peculiar in that morning visit, her face showed it, and I'm going to watch her and find out.' At this hour tea was being served in the drawing-room at 'Farneleigh,' and Madge and Ivan were taking a fragrant cup of Pekoe with Miss Abby before starting out for a drive. Lights had not been brought and the radi ance from the sunset, mingled with the rosy light from the open fires, filled the beautiful room with enticing shadows. Madge laid down her cup, then went over to her aunt, and put her arms softly and -warmly about her neck. ' And you don't love me less, now that I've promised to marry your protegeo ??' I ve room in my heart for you both; she said, tenderly, her soft, dark eyes taking them both in in £ warm glance. ' But there's not much place left for any one else.' Madge turned to her impulsively. 'If — if — my father were alive you would love him, wouldn't you, auntie dear?'- and despite her efforts her voice trembled. Miss Abby and Ivan both looked at Madge in wonder. ' Why — why, of course, my darling,' she said, softly ; ' I loved Dick, handsome, reckletes Dick — I loved him tenderly. But, he is dead. Why did you speak of him, child ?' ' Ah, forgive me, dear, dear auntie,' said Madge, penitently, kissing her cheek. . I did not mean to make you feel badly, and I de serve a scolding.. Ivan, why don't you do your duty and tell me I'm a simpleton?' She tried to laugh a*way the impression her question had made, but there were bright tears in her eyes, as she hurried from the room to prepare for the drive. ' Ivan dear, I do hope sho doesn't persist in wanting to know her father's story.' Miss Abby said when they were alone. ' Her life shall not be spoiled with that knowledge — we will not let it, will we, my Boy?' ' She need never know,' he said, firmly and cheerily. ' That leaf is turned down and there is no need of ever referring to it, for the page is crossed with pain and tears. But come, now, Miss Abby, and tell me you are really happy tbat Madge and I love each other.' Tell me so again. It makes me feel so glad.' ' I know of no one to whom I would give her even half willingly, Ivan, but yourself,' and sho held out her hands. ' God bless you for your trust,' said Ivan, impressively. 'It has not been reposed in me for nothing.' Madge eutered, her little sealskin coat buttoned up snugly, a velvet hat with an alluring brim upon her lovely head, her hands in a huge muff. Ivan thought he had never seen a face as fair as the one that now smiled upon him, and Miss Abby watched then depart into the waning glory of the sunset, with fond, dim eyes. ?Madge was determined to fight back every thought that had made her last few days wretche'd, and 'enjoy this drive with Ivan. She looked at him happily and they talked as lovers will, of the long, dear years they were to spend together. ' We'll be a perfect Darby and Joan, my darling,' said Ivan, prophetically, ' or like the pair immortalized in the old Scotch song, ' John Anderson, my Jo, John.' ' He began to sing the old ditty and Madge, leaning back, letting the swift bays carry her on, closed her eyes and listened : John Anderson, my Jo, John, When we were first acquest, Your locks were like the raven; Your bonuy brow was brent. But now your old and gray, John, Your locks are like the snow; Bat blesaings on your frosty prow, John Anderson, my Jo. John Anderson, my Jo, John, We've clamb the hill together# And many a canty day, John, We've had wi' one anither. Now we must travel down, John, But hand in hand we'll go ; And reBt together, at the foot, John Anderson, my Jo. Madge pressed Ivan's arm silently, after tho. last minor bars had died aWay. Both wero silent, their eyes fixed on the glory of the dying day, their hearts filled with the now and marvellous sympathy they were ex- j At a turn in the road they saw a carriage coming toward them. It was an open Victoria, and at sight of tho man leaning back among tlio cushious, his fur robe drawn about him, Ivan looked surprised. ? ' Look closely at this man, Madge,' he said, hurriedly. ' It is Lancoe — Felix Lancoe, the rccluso of ' The Crest.' Ho doesn't often leave his seclusion.' Madge leaned forward, her lips compressed. As the carriage passed and Lancoe lifted his hat to Ivan, they both saw an expression of unbelieE — of pain — dawn in his eyes as they rested on Madgo. The meeting was but momentary, yet she road the look aright 'Why, Madgo, how palo you are,' said Ivan, in alarm. ' You look as though you had seon a ghost.' 'Do I? It's nothing,' she said, nerving herself to calmness. ' So that is Mr. Lanqoer Ho, is very handsome, isn't ho ?' The unusual beauty of the man's face had never impressed Ivan so forcibly befoi'e. The hair whitened at the temples, tho worn look drooping the corners of his well cut mouth, the sombrely dark eyes lit by the fires of bitter regi'ots, made a face to remem ber, and ono that Madge did not try to dis miss from hor thoughts. ' I have looked on tho face of my mother's murderer,' she was saying to liorself. ' I havo seen my onomy's face to-day.' Meanwhile, a little farther down the road, Felix Lancoo sat immovable, his hands tightly pressed on his knees, his face crossed by pain. 'I have seen her at last — DickFarneleigh's newly-discovered daughter. Hor mothor scorns to livo again in her. It -would almost appear as if her spirit had como back to finish her interrupted life. Alice,' he thought, and ho saw nothing of tho fair land through which he was passing, ' I have scon your wraith to-night.' Ho shivored, glanced at the shadows in tho ! east and drew tho rug closer around him. CHAPTER XVII. THE FIRST STEP. During the following fortnight Madge seemed, by peculiar chance, to constantly meet Felix Lancoe. If she drove with Miss Abby their, carriages passed each other. If she went for a ride with Ivan they met him, the look in hia strange, hunted, melancholy eyes seeming to find its way to her heart. ? ' How the fellow stares at you, Madge,' Ivan said, with slight 'annoyance, one day after one of these meetings. 'I don't half like him. I wonder what brings him out so constantly now ? The villagers are all talking about it. Formerly an occasional drive, say once in three months, was the only sight one had oE him. But now we can't stir a step from ' Farneleigh' without stumbling across him.' But Madge did not seem to hear him. Her eyes were troubled, her colour gone, and her thoughts were busy with her father. ' She must tell him of these meetings with Felix Lancoe — they must think of some way by which sho could know the man and begin her work of reparation. That very day she must go to the old clock mender's shop in the village and tell him all. ojiaage, wnai is irouDimg you r Iyan's voice recalled her with a start. ' For a fortnight you haven't been your self,' he continued ; ' Why don't you trust me and tell me what it is ? Aren't we going to confide in each other, be each other's helper, sweetheart? The eyes of love are keen, Madge, dear, and I know that there is something perplexing you. What is it, dear — tell me. I want to share it with you.' Her father's worn face, his haunting eyes, seemed to rise up before her, urging her not to betray him — his voice in penetrating tones seemed saying in her ears : ' We must work in this affair alone. You will not dare give up my secret even to your lover.' Her laugh had a strange, excited. note.in it. that jarred on Ivan's ear, as she turned her face toward him. ' It is nothing, Ivan,' she said, indiffer ently. 'You imagine this, really.' ' She will not' tell me,' he said to himself, ' but I know I am right and in some way Lancoe is connected with it. Can it be she has heard of the Christmas night tragedy, and of her father's bitter quarrel with Lancoe ? Impossible ! It must -be something else, and yet, whenever we meet him, which is alto gether too often lately, she grows silent and pale:' A light broke upon his mind. 'I think I know what has aroused Mr. Lancoe to activity again,' he mused. ' Madge's likeness to her mother is the magnet that draws him out of his shadows. What a fool I was not to think of it before.' The thought was not pleasant. Madge's beauty as a resurrecting power to another man affronted Ivan' s proprietary pride. He began to -feel' an acute dislike for Felix Lancoe. Miss Abby's views were entirely different. Madge was driving her one afternoon in the little pony carriage when they met the recluse on a narrow road. ' Lovely weather, Mr. Lancoe,' said Miss Abby. ii T ? ? l ? » T,„ ? — „_„;i 1,;„ x utimiuii J-Uaiou 10) uo uuavvoiuuj uuu xlio gaze was fastened on Madge's face. They drove on. The look had so dis turbed Madge she did not speak for a few moments. ' I cannot help it, Madge, dear,' said Miss Abby, nodding emphatically, ' but I always liked that man. He is such a romantic figure. Did you ever see whiter hair ? Wearing it so close-cut it crowns his . head . like frost. Wonderful eyes, too — dark, melancholy. He is very good looking.' ' Very. When am I to meet him?' ' Oh, I don't know, child. You don't want to know him, do you, really ?' ' Oh, but I do. Why not ask him to the ball you spoke of giving, Aunt Abby ?' ' Fancy Felix Lancoe at a ball !' said Miss Abby, with a dry laugh ; ' however, I do believe he'd come.' ' Let us fix the date for the ball on tho twentieth,' said Madgo, speaking quickly, eagernoss making hor tones a little tremulous. ' And yes — oh, yes, let us have Mr. Lancoe -J. 'J. TT„ ? ? ? : ? i 1 ? A ? X A 1,1 ? -- at u. jau my uuiuubiuy, xxuiio zxuuy. A few days later Madge was reading in the library when Ivan was shown into the morning-room adjoining where CMiss Abby was. ' I think Madge is out walking. At least I haven't seen her como back. Sit down and have a chat with mo, Ivan,' said Miss Abby. ' I've got a bit of nows for you.' ' It's good nows, from your expression,' and Ivan seated liimsolf opposite hor. ' Yes. We're going to have a ball here on tho twentieth. It will be Madge's introduction to Malbrook. She and I have beon planning it all out.' ' Well, I supposo I'll see prccious little of Madgo in the interim. I must give way to modistes and all tho et coteras.' ' Guess who I am going to ask to be ono of the guests ?' 'You know I never could guess anything. Who?' ' Felix Lancoe,' sho said, her eyes sparkling behind her glasses. ' Isn't that a little odd ? , Felix Lancoo !' exclaimed Ivan, an ungracious intonation in tho words. Mies Abby lowered hor voice. ' It may seem -so. But I'm going to en courage him to mako something of his life, poor fellow. You know I. don't believe a word of the stories that wero circulated about him — not a word.' ' Why did ho become a misanthrope if he had nothing to regret? I don't say he committed a crime, but if thero was one he he was the cause of it.' Madge had been sitting with her eyes upon the book, but seeing nothing, while this Conversation was in progress. She had never loved Ivan as well as at that moment. Ho seemed her father's champion. ' It was all poor Dick's reasonless jealousy,' continued Miss Abby. ' I don't believe he had anything to do with the qiystery of that terrible night.' Besides I feel I must ask him, for he is the only one Madge seems particularly anxious to know. Sho asked me to x invite him.' There was silence for a moment after this statement, but could Madge have seen Ivan's face she would have realized that her appear ance of friendship with the master of ' The Crest' was likely to be condemned by her lover. She waited for him to speak, her heart growing -heavy. 'I'm sorry Madcre wishes to know him. I don't like him. But ho is handsome, he has a history and picturesque gray hair so I suppose that settles it,' he said, impulsively. ' Ivan I am surprised at you — surprised,' said Miss Abby, reprovingly. 'You don't suppose Madge is attracted to tho man cxcept in a passing way ? Of course not !' ' Forgive me, Miss Abby, but somehow of late a shadow seems to be creeping over my happiness, in fact, ever since this man has reappeared among us. We meet him every where, his eyes fixed — fairly riveted — on Madge, and she becomes silent and cold. Now she asks you to invite him, her -father's enemy to ' Farneleigh,' I cannot help it ; the thought makes me utterly wretched.' ' She does not know he . was her father's enemy, Ivan,' replied ? Miss Abby, con vincingly, ' and for that matter she never shall. The old story is dead and there's no need of resurrecting it. ' To open closed graves is unsightly.' I've told you I believe Lancoe entirely blameless in the unfortunate affair. As for your being jealous of him, I'd like to shake you. I hope you have the grace to feel ashamed of yourself.' Madge's head sank down and she laid hor cheek upon her hand. There was a new pain in her heart. 'My duty to my father will make Ivan misunderstand me,' she thought, miserably, a prophetic gloom sweepingover her. ' Iknow it — I know it — and yet I must go on, I must go oe, even though the shipwreck of my hopes is the result. I may have to pay that price for my father's happiness.' CHAPTER XVIII. ' THE BALL AT ' FARNELEIGH.' Farneleigh seemed to have been touched to life and brilliancy by a magic wand. After fifteen years' quiet, shadow, and conservatism its big doors were flung wide, its windows were wells of light, growing plants banked, in hallways and stairs seemed whispering of summer, and the preparatory strains from flute and violin were heard. . Jasper Monkton stood beside Miss Abby's housekeeper, a woman who had grown gray in her service. They were looking on this rejuvenated 'Farneleigh' with almost awed eyes, for both remembered the last time that flowers bloomed' in the old house, the last time the patter of dancers' feet were heard over the spacious, shining floors. ' It seems as if time had gone back fifteen years — don't it, Mr. Monkton?' and Mrs. Roche shook her head sadly. ' ' H'm-sryes,' replied the secretary, grimly. ' The old ghosts ought to be van quished after to-night. They ought to be routed for good and all — guyety at ' Farne leigh' — and Felix Lancoe — think of that — once more a guest within its walls, while a young lady the very picture of the woman he wanted so much to marry will dance with him.' ' Laws, yes. It's a good thing to set the old mystery at naught ; there's no use in keeping on moping, is there ? But I wonder if Master Dick's spirit is hovering anywhere around; what he must think of it all — and his own child, very likely — dancing with tho man he got to detest so fiercely. Oh, dearie me, what a temper Master Dick had. I've seen his black eyes flash sometimes when things didn't go quite his way, so they fairly frightened me.' ' Well, I imagine they'd flash to-night to see Felix Lancoe at ' Farneleigh,' handsomer, if anything, than he was in the past, interest ing, charming, with a, good piece of his life still before him.' Monkton nodded ,liis head, and over his lean face a shade of thought passed. ' I wonder if we'll ever know for sure about the old murder?' said Mrs. Roche, musingly, as she laid her fingers on Jasper Monkton's arm'. ' Poor, dear Miss Alice !' . ' What else is there to know ?' asked the secretary. ' Suspicion lies dark at Richard Farneleie-h's door. His flisrht. his silence all these years can have but ono interpretation.' ' Yes, I know nearly every one thinks that. But I can't find it in my heart to believe that Master Dick, for all his passionate nature, could ever do so awful a thing.' ' I wish I could thiifk so,' said Jas.per Monk ton, dubiously, and then they separated, going about their different duties. Another at ' Farneleigh' was thinking of tho old crime on this night. The story of it, as she had heard it from her father's lips, had haunted Madgo like au evil dream. ' She was in hor first ball gown, outwardly glorious, but sad at heart, as sho gazed at her white reflection in tho long mirror. Often in the old days of cheerless hardship sho had wondered how she would fool as the moment approached for a real ball, admirers by her side and unlimited. dancing in the perspective, and her young heart had been filled with joy at the fancy when there seemed no possibility of having it granted. But to-night, how different it all was — how savourless ! She looked radiantly lovely, -lier own eyes told her that without the hushed admiring exclamations of her maid. Shp was in white tulle and satin, a great diamond star sparkling against her baro shoulder, a pink whito rose nestling against her low-coiled', dark hair, and in hor arms the great, blossomy bouquet of lilies of the valley which Ivan had sent her. Soon every one of position in tho county would be gazing at her, all thinking her for tunate, somo no doubt envying hor. ' If they know,' washer poignant thought, while bittorness welled up in her heart. ' Ob, if thoy knew that this night, apparently so 1 happy, is tho beginning of a difficult and dangerous service which must bo rendered, no matter what sacrifices must follow. If Ivan knew ; if Aunt Abby knew !' But sho carried her secret successfully. ? As the guests began to arrive and she stood by Miss Abby's side, receiving them, her pallor, the almost electrical brightness of her eyes were ascribed to the excitement and delight of tho hour. No one dreamed that they were caused by the expectancy, of soon speaking to the man whoso crime rested at her father's door, and whom she had determined to bring to a justice too long delayed. (To be, continued.) 