i HE HOSPITAL —IS ;THE LABOUR PARTY AFRAID O^ ENQUIRY? - •j TO THB EDITOR. ' : Sir—;The Labour Party ppse as the rulers of the Government, the protectors of the poor, nd the purifiers of abuses in politics and ustice. ' On thcoe grounds one might expect rom them an exhibition bf incerebt in the ospital question. Dr. Morrison «aid in bis etter—" 'Tisin the interests of the sick and uffering that I write, pledging my word and eputation that T have evidence at j command' t hat cries, aloud. for full public,' enquiry." C hat is a strong appeal as well as a straight t h&UengB.; and the letfcer proves 1 the writer to ; eamanlikely to understand the riskof qutking ntrue statements liable to -recoil upon" himself. f ome philosopher has said that mankind an - eneral feel more acutely a slight cut' on one ca f ftheur own fingersthan the torture,- starvaion, or death of. millions !ofpeople'whose lot hey cannot dream : of coming in their direcion. That may be jthe reason for -thie in- w . umanity displayed by the .Labour'Party in lf . f reference to the Hospital, but I iancy that political partisanship alone prevents inveatigaiion. Politicians having" tsTken a side hold to it,' and cannot admit themselves guilty of former, blindness to the sufferings said to exist at the very place set apart for the relief of all Buffering poor aind friendless people. The song of politicians is, in fact— In all distresses of,our friends, We first consult our private ends; Whila politica, neitly bentto ease us, Points'-out some circumstance" to please ns. If party feeling makes use of r the Hospital, politics must have beconie very degrading indeed, and \all fair-minded electors should support the endeavour to findthe truth. The Hospital is an institution specially -for the masses. The Labour Party claim to keep the masses under their wings, and one would expect them to fly to the rescue of those they claim to protect, i Yet, not only do they show the most ^heartless unconcern in reference to the Hospital, but give the most active opposition to any action for relieving the general uneasiness connected with the question whether, the poor and the afflicted are ' treated as they should be in the people's HospitaL The Labour Party's side in politics made the existing arrangements at the Hospital. Tbe general and long-continued disorder, there cast upon their political opponents the duty of pointing out that those arrangements should be altered. The Labour Party's side feigned to regard that interference as actuated by the meanest kind of political motives, and thus gained a justification for shirking investigation likely to result in disclosures damaging to party interests.^ By that low invention tbe least embarrassing course is taken, tne day of reckoning stayed off, and the dispute about the _ Hospital' converted into one about motives. Members of the medical profession are the only ones who can speak with authority on Hospital questions; but, as they are gagged by the accusation that they cannotspeak truth because they arej interested witnesses, the dispute cannot -be settled by their aid or'without it. Consequently, if there is mismanagement at tbe Hospital it may have a long.lease, to the' fatal injurv of the unlucky people compelled to seek "aid thbre. The commotion among the nurses, the suppression of reports, and many other circumstances force one to the conclusion that there is a dark closet at the Hospital, and in it a skeleton of some sort, the ghost of which will continue to haunt the building until it wins truth by full and fair investigation. One astonishing circumstance is that the Hospital staff do not claim an enquiry. However they can stand the continual slurs cast upon them is beyond ordinary comprehension. No reasonable person can expect them to be unfailingly right. All that is needed is the truth about the "dreadful things" as well as that gross ignorance or something else equally bad should be proved not to prevail. Commonsense and justice demand an enquiry. Surely there is one honest medical expert in Australia capable ot expressing the truth. If not, let us search the world for one. I am, Sir, &c.;, „ J. MILLER. Unley, January 18. 