DOCTORS WHO DIE FOR THEIR PATIENTS. \--4 ----- In a recent article in "Answers" the physician was shown up as an uýn scrupulous exploiter of all the unffor tunate patients who place themselves under his care. But there is another side of the mat ter. What about the doctors Who lose their health, and often their life, in the interests of their patients? Not long ago I accompanied two doctors to an urgent case in a Kent village. We saw a lady who, through the bursting of an artery, had lost al most every drop of her blood, lying in bed, white, and apparently dead. Her pulse was flickering, preparatory to stopping altogether. "If I inject some salt water into her veins," said 'the elder doctor, "the chances are just even that she'll come round; if any one will give a quart of their blood, the chances are 10 to 1 that she will recover." Not one of the half a dozen members of the family who were present said a word; but the younger doctor at once took off his coat, bared his arm, and, as a matter of fact, saved the lady s life. And he was fully aware that it would take him weeks to make good this loss of vital fluid, and that pos sibly he might never make it good at all, for in some persons there is no. thing so difficult as ,to replace a large quantity of spilled blood. Another instance of the self-sacrifice of the medical man is that witnessed in The Diphtheria Wards of Hospitals so often that it scarcely attracts at:en tion. As everyone knows, diphtheria frequently causes closure of the throat, and a tube has to be inserted for the patient to breathe thrcogh. But some tnmes this tube becomes blocked, and in an instant the patient grows black in the face. In another instant he will certainly give up the ghost, unless someone -sucks the tube clear. Very few fathers or mothers would do this, for it is as dangerous as holding out your hand to be bitten by a mad dog. But, time after time, one medical man or another performs this terrible feat. Several hundred doctors have actually lost their lives in this way. Then con sider those physicians who Isolate Themselves in the Small-pox down the Thames-for ever in contact with the most infectious and horrid disease known. Many people are under the curious impression that the doctor has some means of rendering himself proof against small-pox and other in fection. But he has none whatever no more than Tommy Atkins has of making himself invulnerable to der .vish bullets. He runs the same risk of any other person, and yet he. fearlessly does his duty in the presence of con stant danger, not only in the ships mentioned, but in hospitals and private practice all over the country. I went one, with a country doctor to see a case of malignant typhus fever. He wa~s not well, and said he would rather .not go in, as he felt sure he would get infected, "and as I am ov r 50 years of age," he said, "I would in ovitably die." But he went in all the same, and carefully examined the pa tient, and even sponged iris body. In two weeks he was dead of typhus fever. Another terrible risk surgeons run is in Performing Operations especially on people suffering from cancer, and many other terrible dis eases. If they have the smallest scratch on their finger, blood-poisoning is sure to, set in, or they may actually get the disease altogether; and many a doctor dies young in this way. They experimented on themselves too. In most of the great English cities there are doctors who are con ?inually administering all kinds of drags to themselves, even giving them selves diseases, in order to better understand them and to practise new cures. Murchison, the great authority on "fevers," twice inoculated himself with tpyhoid fever and consigned him self to ten weeks of serious illness, in order to be the better able to study the disease. As a result, he wrote the best treatise on tpyhoid fever in existence, and has been the means of saving hun dreds of thousands of lives. When Koch's fluid was introduced some years ago, the very first persons to allow it to be injected into them were half a dozen young German doctors. At that time no one knew whether the fluid 'was not as deadly as as a dose of strychnine, and, as a matter of fact, the dose given was far too powerful, and very nearly did for some of the sself-sacrificing Teutons. The same thing happens, however, in the, case of every new medicinal discovery, and the first body on which it is invariably ex perimented with is not that of the pa tient, but that of the doctor. There is another way in which the doctor runs terrible risks, and often suffers badly, of which the public sus pect nothing. In great cities like Lon don iHundreds of People Disappear Every Year, and not a few of them are medical men. The doctor, of course, has to answer every call, or, anyhow, he does so, and for this reason he is peculiarly exposed to the practices of those desperate criminals who live on the disappear .ance of other human beings. How the thing is worked may best be under stood from a .specific case known to the writer. In this case a man knocked impa tiently at a London doctor's house late at night. The doctor had only just re turned from a dinner given in honour of a distinguished foreign scientist, and this fact was evidently known to the desperado who called for him. It was a case, the man said, of strangulated hernia, and this is one of the urgent matters in which the medical man dare not hesitate a moment. Away the doctor went in a cab which the stranger had waiting at the door. 'le was driven to a house in the neigh beurhood of King's Cross, and ushered into a room in which the sick man was lying. At a glance he, saw that the man was not sick at all, and as it flashed upon him that he had been en -eigled into a trap, to be robbed and perhaps murdered, he turned to bolt. But he was faced by two powerful ruffians. He was a man of resource, and, drawing from his pocket a small g!has syringe, he put his back against the wall and directed the syringe to wards the men, saying: "This is filled with the microbes of death. If the tiniest drop of the fluid touches even your clothes you will die in frightful aNow, no one is so superstitiously afaid of the mysterious as men of the' criminal type, so this doctor had, the desperadoes at his mercy, and ther crouched in the farthest corner of the room while he passed out and locked them in. But everyana does not escape sa happily, and many a medical man loses his life by answering a call for help from strangers who turn out to be a species of Thug. 