ADVERSITY'S STRANGE BEDFELLOW'S; OR. A RUINED HOME. CHAPTER XC. [BY SKIPP BORLASE.] Author of "Shrouded in Mystery', "Murdered at Mid-day," "Who Killed John Cameron'i". "Darker than Death," "An Ocean Secret," "Recalled to Life,""Riches to Ruin "JJoth Princess and Police Spy." THE TRIAL OF ROBIN GRAY FOR WILFUL MURDER, At length the day of trial arrived. Assuredly the English trial for murder is an awful assembling. The grave costume of the Bar, the dignified solemnity of the Judge, the long robes, all differing from the apparel of daily life, have their full effect on at le&3t two-thirds of the spectators. The Court was crowded at an unusually early hour. Gradually the dense and silent mass gave way before the slow approach of the Judge in his voluminous grey wij? and scarlet robes. He took his seat in the seeming throne, and twelve Jurymen at the same time entered the box. There was a slight stir as each settled in his place, and then all was as quiet as the grave. There is a deep impression of awe produced by such a vast but silent crowd. A low murmur of excitement ran through the Court as the prisoner appeared in the dock with a policeman staff in hand on either side of him. " The Queen versus Gray for wilful murder!" reads out the clerk of arraigns in unruffled, business-like tone of voice. Robin Gray looked around the crowded Court with a bold and fearless yet perfectly respectful glance. He was dressed with scrupulous neatness, and had an air of quiet dignity about him that impressed many present with a conviction of his innocence. When asked as a matter of usual routine whether he pleaded guilty or not guilty he replied " Not guilty, my Lord," in a loud, clear, and unshaken voice. Yes, "Not guilty was his plea; but would he be able to substantiate it ?" That was the question—a question which all interested in his fate anxiously asked themselves. Anxiously indeed, for not one of them as yet saw the smallest gleam of daylight through the clouds of darkness that still enveloped him as with a pall. No intelligence had been gathered as to what had become of the body of Enoch Meek ; no evidence had been obtainable that could by any possibility throw the crime on another person. George, though much improved in health, and next door at all events to sane, tbey dared not produce lest the mere sight of him should induce the unhappy parent to change his plea to guilty. Besides all this the excitement might bring about a return of his malady in an aggravated shape—a shape that might end only with his life. So that the shadow of the gibbet something more than overshadowed the head of innocence.. How different might it not have been if poor Jack Forrester had not been slain on the very threshold of liis important investigations, for he bad been on the right scent. The Queen's counsel who conducted the prosecution opened the esse with a most telling and crushing address to the Jury, and during its continuance an occasional sob 'could be heard from the gallery. It came from tbe lacerated bosom of the fond and faithful wife, who had been unable to refrain from entering the Court to hear how the trial went, though her friends, seeing the end, had one and all begged and entreated her to stay away. The speech over, the witnesses for the prosecution were called one by one. The policeman who had heard the shot, and on looking iu at the smithy window had seen Robin Gray standing over his supposed victim with the long horse-pistol still smoking in bis hand, was first examined, and gave his evidence succinctly and clearly. He deposed that the prisoner, unaware of his presence, had muttered quite' audibly as he looked at the dead man lying on* the ground at bis feet "Oh, would that the scoundrel had possessed a thousand lives, and I had deprived him 'of all!"—that when he bad otrested him his forefinger was on the trigger of the weapon and the flint well down in the pan, and that on discovering the bullet he had placed it against the orifice in the dead man's &kull; and found that' it fitted exactly. There waa blood also "on the ball. Another policeman deposed that the ball fitted orifice and barrel exactly. He also gave evidence as to finding the scrap of poekethandkerchief that had answered the purpose of wad all singed and blackened, but with the initials " R.G." perfectly decipherable in the corner. Whilst later on he and his mate had discovered the remainder of the rent and torn handkerchief in one of the prisoner's coatpockets. Then both made a great deal out of the coining die that had been found in Robin's other hand; and as the counsel for the prosecution had represented that thp crime had been perpetrated for the purpose of obtaining possession of this all Bympathv with the accused immediately departed, and the crowded .Court discovering. that the abduction of his daughter was not the real motive of his crime considered that he deserved his fate, and were, ready to pronounce him guilty as with one voice. Witnesses were brought forward to prove that the pistol was Gray's, that it generally hung over hia kitchen fireplace, but that he had been seen burnishing and oiling it the very day preceding the night of the murder. A washerwoman deposed that the' handkerchief was one that she had often washed along with other articles of clothing sent to her from the Grays, and several' tradesmen deposed to the circulation in the village and neighbourhood of .spi-rious sovereigns and half-sovereigns just prior to .the murder of -Meek and the apprehension of Gray, one of which had been passed by Mrs. Gray herself and on the rendering of this testimony an ominous murmur ran through the Court. The last witness for the Crown was' the drunken surgeon who had made the postmortem examination, and his evidence alone was the counsel for tho defcnce able to cut up. When he came out of the witness-box the little man could hardly have known whether he stood upon his head or his heels, so wliollv was he bewildered ; whilst his face was as red as that of any turkey-cock for shame, for he knew very well that he had performed his duty in a slipshod, careless manner, but had neverfancied that the prisoner's counsel would have had the perspicacity to find it out. CHAPTER XCI. THE VEEDICT OF THE JURY—SENTENCED TO DEATH. The chain of accusing evidence was now complete ; and the counsel for the Crown with a glance at his learned brother for the defence that seemed to say "now get vour man off if you can" sat down and indulged in a pinch of snuff. The counsel for the prisoner brought forward no rebutting evidence, for he had none to bring; not one single little circumstance had been discovered that could speak mutelv in the prisoner's favour. The only witnesses he could produce were several to tc9tily to the prisoner's good character and the great respect in which he had always been held in his native village. Magistrates, Clergymen, Nonconformist Ministers, Solicitors, and others came freelyforward to depose to this; and then tho senior counsel for the defence rose to reuly to the accusations of the. counsel for the Crown, and a dead silence reigned around. "Do you think there is a single chance for him?" asked Lord. Bertie in a whisper of Mr. Nelliam, who was polishing his spectacles. "Not the ghost or one!" replied the astute man of law in the same low tone. JL.ord Bertie sighed. He had done all that' could be done, but he was grieved it was so liitle. He glanced round at the dock. The prisoner therein must have known, or at ail events have guebsed, how faint his chances of acquittal now were; and vet there he siood, calm and dignified, without a tremor. There was certainly one advantage on his side in his counsel ljeing able to call no witnesses on his behalf save such as attested to his former good character, for it deprived the counsel for-the Crown of his otherwise right to reply, and thus tho reasoning and his eloquence v/cuid tro to tho Jury without being afterwards cut to shreds by the opposition for it could only be succeeded by the calm summing up of the Judge. * An eloquent speech he made, too, considering that he had absolutely next to nothing to D go upon. Ho made the very most of Enoch Meek's sudden disappearance, strove his hardest to persuade Judge and Jury that they really had not conclusive testimony of the reputed murdered man's death; that a careless examination made by a drunken surjreon was not worthy of credence for a moment, and that the policeman and others who had viewed the body might very probably hava mistaken coma produced by the shock of the ball takin" a non-f:ital course between the soft membrane covering of the brain and the inside of the skull for death; and that on recovering therefrom, aided by the cold night air blowing in through the open smithy window.on his face, the wounded man might have been able to drag himself from the spot. He represented to the Jury that the object of the man would be to hide himself, for that he could not obtain revenge at tbe "risk of being himself apprehended and tried for coining ;, that such a man would have it in his power to bribe others to assist him in his escape and afterwards pay them for their silonce. He repudiated with apparent scorn the bare idea that one who had hitherto led so blame- less and irreproachable a life should have become a coiner, and declared that Enoch Meek must have entered his service on purpose to pursuing that nefarious calling, which he had no doubt carried on for months unknown to his employer, to whom and to whose .wife he had most probably now and then got rid of his spurious coins in order that through innocent hands they should pass into circulation. He continued by declaring that-this wretehed man must have come down in the dead of night to repossess himself of some of his implements that he had forgotten to take away with him —implements which he could ..just as easily have got in the daytime if his master had really been his partner in the coining business, but which as it was he was bound to get at whilst Robin Gray was abed. That the prisoner at the bar, being ftwake and restless, either hoard or conceivcd the idea that some thief had broken into his smithy, and acting under the impression had hastily loaded his pistol and hurried down to discover who was the midnight intruder. That, on seeing a burglar on his premises at that hour, and being himself a weak, delicate man, it was but natural that he should have recourse to his pistol; that it was an. open question whether under certain circumctances it was not perfectly lawful and justifiable to shoot a burglar who had broken into a man's premises of a night; and -that when -afterwards lie recognised in the foul midnight in- ' truder the face of the man to -whom he had been for years as a friend and father, and who had returned his kindness, fay abducting- and as he suspected seducing and .then making away with his beloved daughter, it was a most natural thing that he should give vent to the passionate expression " Wonld that ha had a hundred lives so that I could have taken everyone." This and much more he said in the prisoner's defence; and when at last, almost exhausted with the fervour of his oratory, he sat down, it was very apptarent that his. speech had changed the opinion' of many, jp that crowded Court in favour of Robin . Gray again. " Well, what do yon think now of the case?" asked Lord Bertie anxiously of Mr. Nelham. - "I see a hope, a faint hope it is true, but still a hope, that we shall pull bim through. The Judge may demolish it altogether in hia summing up, though: for he often makes a terrible smash of the counsel's rhetoric. Hark !—he is about to begin." •• = - - A breathless silence prevailed as the Judge delivered his charge to the Jury. He summed up the various facts that tended to bring the murder home to the prisoner at the bar, and he told them that on those facts, and those facts alone, they were to base their verdict, and not on any ingenious propositions submitted to them by prisoner's counsel. He spoke but briefly of the enormity of tha crime, and on this point the general horror which pervaded every one- present showed that amplification was not necessary. The very brevity with which he touched on it bad its effect, for it was as though the details were too terrible to be unnecessarily dilated on in human hearing. The charge delivered, the.Jury retired. This even was more than had been hoped for. " There is still a chance," said Lord Bertie to Mr. Nelliam. ' " Do you think so?" " His Lordship does not." replied the attorney ambiguously. "Do you see that.parcel that he has drawn from his pocket and is now so calmly unfolding?" "'Yes—what is it?" asked the young Lord in a half-shuddering kind, of surprise. " The terrible black-cap which our Judges don when they pass sentence of death," was the reply. Before Lord Bertie could reply the Jury had returned into their box. Their very brief absence looked ominous— their demeanour more ominous still. " Gentlemen of the Jury, do you find the prisoner guilty or not' guilty,", waa croaked forth by the clerk of the Court in his usual and unconcerned twang. " Guilty 1" replied the foreman solemnly as he stepped forward in front of his companions. At tbe word there came a wild shriek from ' the gallery, and Mrs. Gray was borne fainting out of the Court. All eyes were fixed upon the prisoner. He was still to all outward appearance grave, dignified, and self-possessed. A slight twitching'at the corner of his mouth was the only sign of emotion that he betrayed. "Prisoner at the bar, have yon any reason to urge why the judgment of the Court should not bs passed upon you?" It was the stern, pale Judge that put this i question. "No, my Lord," answered Robin Gray just as calmly. "I still protest my innocence; but I believe that I have had a fair trial, and that the gentlemen of the Jury could have come to no otber conscientious conclusion on the evidence laid before them. 1 ' " 1 have no doubt that the Jury will feel grateful for that speech, for I can assure you that no man can but feel it a most painful duty to condemn another man to death. The - duty must be performed, though" (here he placed the black cap on his head); "and on - the finding of the Jury 1 sentence you, Robin Gray, for that you have been found guilty of the wilful murder of Enoch Meek, to be taken back to the place whence you came, and there to be hanged by the neck nntil you are dead. And may the Lord God have mercy on your . soul!" As he uttered the last solemn words a shrill cry ran through the Courthouse of " He is innocent!—I shot Enoch Meek!" (To be continued to-morrow.) j 