NEW-CATHOLIC CHURCHI AN IMPOSING OPENING CEREMONY. The opening ceremony in conlnection with the new Cathiolic (Church in Violet Town took place on Sunday last, and this froml a spectacular point of view eclipsed anytlling that has been seen iln this district for many years past. The new huilding, which has been erected at a great cost, is of the latest design, and all whio have ilspeeted it Iue agreed that it is one of the finest and best a!ppointed sacted edifices in the North eastern dis trict. For many yeari s past the local Oatholic denoitinat.'ion have suffered in convenience througll not having salli cient :necomonndation for divnie worshilp, and therefore they decided in the early part of the l'present year to erect a new church. JThis step having been decided on no tilthI was lost ill getting to work. Plans affil specifications were plreparedl for a building that woull suit all re quiremnents, tenders were let, and within a few mo)nthls the place was erected. The cost iof the structure appl)leared to be a secondary consideration, the principal idea being to lave a clhurcll that woul beautify the town and at the same tiine provide amiple a:ccommolldation for any demand that might be made lupon it. The following description of the building shouhl Ile of interest : Tlle building consists of nave,chancel, i porlch and sacristy-all of brick. The tital legthll of. tihe niave nand chlancel is 71 feet, tile widltll or tlIlllhye m lluilm ý feet (i inches, and of the chancel 15 feet. The entrance porch is 8 feet hby 7 feet, and the sacristy 11 feet by 10 feet. The walls of nave and chancel are 16 feet ( inches high, 14 inches thick. sIp ported by buttresses 18 inchles wide. The foundationls are of brick and cement It laid on cemtent concrete 15 inches tllick. A damp prooif of Ipatent rublberoid is laiid on all walls under floor line. The doors are of pine. plnunellcd and ledged. The framlles are set oil blue-stone steps. The s?kirting over the floor is of cement, 15 inch high.imoulded and double faced. The walls tlriouglhoit internally are finished in plaster, sand stucco lined, etc., to relpreselnt freestone. hloavy ornamental principals fanl purlins sip. port the rooiting, which is covered with slating secured by strong copper nails; lhandsome shddlle ridge veniillators de coirate the lroof, and these are cotntectedl to, the ceiling by wootden Ilies or slhltfts of spacious tlimellnsions, elnsurinig amlpile ventillation throughout the building. Tihe ceiiing inside is linted with 4 inch Kaiuri Iardls, laid diagonally. and linished with tittllis, cornices, facias, &c.;, all painted and varnished alternuately. The roof principals sprti g off stone corbels iloulled and fliislled in plaster. The flooring is of lMurray pine laid on well tarred joists and betrers and secured with steel-wire patent nnails. The windoits are filled in with ndstleole tinted glass in lead lighlts withl margins. H11opper vents to oplen and shut are formed in the wilndows. ThIe altar trailing is lilled in with metal paellls picked out in tints. Thie altar, which stands on a platform, is applroaechled by thiree steps, and is of polished blackwood and knuIar with turnled shafts intd pilasters, lmotldled and enriclted calls, decorative panels of stamltpd golden glass, etc., the whole forinng a qutiet and chaste addition to the appllarance of the cllurelh. The buihling has bIeeli seated tlhroughllout and hinged tkneeling hoards. The cost of them work ctnplete is ablout £1200, The new church is oif the (Gothic style and rllects the greatest credit ltpoli tihe :archlitelcts--lessrs Ktnmpson and Con nolly- Mr I lorslield. the clerk of works, ald thle builder, Mr W. G. Ireland. Thei opening ceremony was announied to take pilce at 11 o'clock, tntd by that hour a large conlcotlrso of peoplle had assembled, anxiously waiting for the doors to Ibe opened. Prior to the opell ing of the ttililintg, however, it was solenly dedicated by IHis .Lordshlip l)r itetille, of Ilendligt-tlle service beingi it)ist soletlmni aind ilinpressive--to St. Attractns, whose ualte it will hencefortll bear. Tihe doors were then thrown open andl in a few minutes tile pllae was pac"lcked, a large numlber of persons being unable to gain admission, As showing tile good feeling existing between this denomination and tlie otlher clurchels, weo light menlltion that iianiLy of the (atholics denied tlhemselves the privilege of taking part in the service ill order to allow adherents to tile Protestant faith to obtaini seats--in fact nearly the lwhole of the front seats in thle building were irculluieil hIy illtellbers oif other eltlrcltes. Iiglh lass twas celelratedl Iy thle Vert lier Ileal Davey, I.I). Ftrmer's Mass ill Ti flat was sung Iyt tie lchoir of St. ,oselhlt' l Churche, lenalla, and this iddtled timuolt n tile pleasure of the service. This choir is ren?gnised as one of the best in the North-east, and the singing of the tnemtlers on Stntday is worthy of sliceillt mention. The fol lowing ladies and gentlemlttt forumed tile elloir :-Mrs Rl!lilly (organist), Miasuses Ilanin,, Shloertell, )enny ntd RIvyan fIenatlla), Miss Cain (\Violet Town), •tnd Messrs Cain, O'H-alloran and Ilan lin (lienallna). 'lThe offertory piece Novello's Are Marina "-- wns wrell eiig Ity Miss Shlortell, andi at tile close of the Mass Zingar.elli's "i Laudlate" was wtell retlereld by tihe fll elioil', tlte solo \- - "-. -.- aw oo..ua _by.,_11a.l... An impressive Serlmnll was pranched by tte Very ier Father O'Farrell, head of thle Redelllt'l'rist's Orler in Aius tralia. who ihas gained thle name of Leiing ote it thile finest orators ii Aus tralia. lHis text was takenl frmn the twe'lty.erighth clhapter of the Goispel 1ly St. ilMat.tlhew, verses 18, i) antid 20 " Anid .iless said ial plower is given titito lite it iteaveit and itt earih) . Go ye tlterefore iud teach tall ntitns, Ilalitizing I Ilhem in the iatme.of thie IFathler, Son tand lHly Ghost; teahing tllemi to observe all thitigs whatstltever 1 have commandellld yon; ad I will be witll ylou anil days reI nt to the consumnmation af tile world." The reverendt gelitleman delivered a imost ftlientt adtdress on tle presence of Christ iin tle Cllhurch, and bestougllt hIis learer's lto attachl tlhem slvi's imore closily to Divine thitgs. it the cls . hlie cligrnitunted the lieoiple Iwais a cr'edit ti, the dilstrict. 1h al.e sPltke:of the generosity of the Felpit,, natdl aslked thai tlhey wnitul dlo tllheir Itest to hIelp their priest to pay oiff Ithe debt o1 the buildillg. Thle '.ffern'ry was then taken up,1' tlhe sant amnouting t't£9'2 (s (;1, whiclh was increased to £107 before the revenitg service, The I)ean tihanlked all who lulid as sisted. and especially the noti.Catholics Swho had taken such an interest in tie church. Hie had received much synm pathy and encouragement outside of his own church and was very thankfr.l for it. lie also thanked the visitors frrom IBcnalln and Euron, and more eslnecially the choir, who had rendered excellent service. The lishop was plensed to share in the joy of the people at the lopeninig of such a flne building. It was mlost cre ditable to all, and showed hlie generosity of the people in the district. In the matter of getting the new church. great credit was due to their shire president Mr McSiane-andl Mrs McShane, who lhaid anays taken a live!v interest in theI Catholic Culnrch during the whole tiiiie that they ha:id been in the district. 'They had never allowed their zeal to flag for an instant, being always renady and will ing to hlp oni the.goad caus,. IHe hoped that the people would do their best to clear the debt olT the church as soon as possible, ndl that the building would he filled with worshippers. Ii the evening there was Vespers and Blenediction, when the choir again rendered excellent service. Mrs Ialhilly saneg two solos-" Sl Ce lieginn" a:Ind "0 Salutaris"-in a nast pleasing innier, and Messrs O'H-alloan aind C?nin gave an excellent rendering of 'Tantumi Ergo." The Very lier. eather O'Farrell again preached, his sermion being based ni the words l Whose image and superscription is this ?" Like the address in the morn ing, it was delivered in the most forcible manner, and in such a style us t, *-I i forth the highilest appreciation. 