A TONGUE-TIED "NEGOTIATOR." All through the election campaign Mr. Bar ton has insisted upon keeping his Federal policy up his sleeve. He has committed him self to nothing beyond a vague promise to "negotiate" with the other colonies concern- ing amendments of the bill. As he lias fre quently declared that they will accept 110 amendments, and that we have no right to ask them to do so, and that the bill is per fectly fair and just to New South Wales as It stands, these "negotiations" are necessari ly foredoomed to failure. To every formal demand made by Mr. Bartou for liberalising the bill, the other colonies could quote his own words to prove that It was liberal enough. Indeed, he still admits that him self, and at one of his recent campaign speeches he regretted that the people did not accept it at the referendum without any amendments. To commission Air. Bnrtcn witli the task of obtaining au improved bill would, therefore, be a burlesque. He denies that the hill requires improvement, uud de clines to commit himself to any definite amending policy. Under these circumatan- i'» cos, what would happen as the result of the. matter being placed in Air. Barton's hands? The other colonies would have New South Wales absolutely at their mercy, as its re presentative would approach the question tongue-tied. Is It; likely that, under these conditions, we would got. a hill, more accept- nfcle than that which the couutry has just jj|blt itself obliged to reject? Mr. Barton is compelled by tlm terms of his agreement with Air. L.vne, under which he holds the leadership of tho Opposition, to submit to any offer the other colonies make at. onee, or give up the Federal ghost, auil clear the way for the introduotlon of a protective tariff. Tills would give tlietn a further advantage over him in negotiation. By refusing to pledge himself regarding amendments, he has left the way open to agree to t.ho hilt as a whole, anil, seeing his utter impotence, we may be sure that they would insist upon having nothing loss. Air. Barton would then have his choice of cither accepting the Con vention Bill and sotting Federation hack further than ever by a re- onuet.nienl of t.he late referendum fiasco, or allowing Mr. Lync to quash the whole movement and set tip barriers against, it which the people would be unable to take down again for another three years. Everyone who wishes to stive Federation from this late must vote to-ilay for a Reid candidal e. 