STH1E JAUNTEnD' yMOlNTAINS . .C3LOsI.EL CODY'S SEAIRClIJ A rOMANCE OF THE WEST.: BIt COLONEL PIIENTISS INGRAM,s Author of the "Mysterious Alan- n i Blue." &c.; CHAPTER XXVI.-A BUGLE CALL: That-the Indians were taken by sur- p 'Prise goes without saying. Cunning and e cautious as they were, they had kept no C watch, for they dared not let a brave're main away from the fire on such a night. h They had no fear whatever, believing that no one-was abroad in the blizzard of ice. - - - 'They had been hastening for their bl honme when they came upon the camp le ,deserted, not an hour before, by Cody bi and Surgeon PowelL. The snow had begun to fall, the. wlnd of was Increasing in fury, and they had halted there, :hoping that the storm d: would blow over. But by night it In- w creased, and they preferred to remain. : When the rifles rang out in the dark- ca ness: beyond the firelight, their roar * mingling with the howling winds, they th Sstere momentarily dazed. of , But right in their midst lay a score of Stl \--their comrades, and the cheers and sir shouts of their foes coming upon them m brought them to their senses. The sleepers sprang from their blankets, and fo *early two hundred Indians arose for ac. fa lolon. " " And they prepared to fight-to retreat into the thickets within the circle of w firelight and make a desperate stand. Another fire from the repeating rifles th brought others down, and then they be- ea held the mass of horsemen moiding upon su \- them. a Then they began to hit back, and hit ..ard, as they doggedly retreated for .he pines where their ponies were bud ei ed together" ':- `F?r a moment it looked desperte for ni; the pale- faes. for several had fallen se dead under the red-skin fire and.others on 'rere wounded. - - ef But Juts then the bugler in the rear hi \- unded his wild call, and the Indians, wI -w'ho had felt they could withstand the re, force they saw, believed that it was but "1 advanced gunrd of a larger force, and go they pereferred to brave the dangers of 'si the blizzard to death by the bullets. be But they retreated very sullenly, until wl off on the right flank sounded another ed bugle call, and soon after again In the at centre and then on the left. an Three calls indicated to the Indians mi that they were being flanked, and as the forice was then pushed on in a-des- rie Perate charge, they broke in a wild Se stam pede and sped down the valley. fir g as they fled. an "I will- pursue them with my scouts for be a short distance. Lieutenant Seaford.? in Shile you get your force in camp and , htae pots of coffee made with all haste," fol rlied- Cody- ahd away he dashed with cr1 elght scouts at.hls back,- while Surgeon I Powell turned to care for the wounded. .w "That was a spleidid ruse ofe?.yors Sen buglei, rushing- to the flanks and givinhg your call." said Lieutenant Seaford, as ,we She bugler rode up with Spurs, the negro, sta and the pack-horses. stl "I only obeyed Chief Cody's orders, sir: for he'sent a scout back to tell me to Lit sound the calls on the flanks," sald-the thi busger, frankly. thi "WelL it stampeded the Indians, just nue as It .was hanging in the balance whether we would not be stampeded," see Was the lieutenant's reply; and he gave we prders to station half a dozen eentinels, ' have supper with all haste, and to bring ab the wounded up to the fire, and then hei Sti b-egan to see about his own men.. fol 'Two soldiers and a scout dead, and ' kight men wounded, with half a dozen an horses, killed, Powell," he said, as the Surgeon Scout was busy with the it, .wounded. do "We got off light, for thert are a score of dead Indians lying round," was the on] answer. ': Thirty are killed, and they eto~i @ -i-?f?61f--z?h-ntI etr pones -sir \- for tunately; but I trust Cody will not .Venture too far." g. "N'o, but he will pursue until he makes the Indians believe he has a large force wt following, and then they will keep closed tae up, and ride hard-to-escape and find:a he s::heltred camp." ' ' - t .It was over an hourlieforc Cody re turned' to the camp, and the horses-were In used .up and 'men .nlnot :dead from. .be cold. - - "I scattered - my .men,- and-.they thought we had a large number in pur- to suit. They willikeep going now," said hi Gody. I "It is just as Powell said. Come up tl a- nd get some hot coffee, all of you, and sI then turn in, for the rest of the com Smtand are warmed up now, have had supper, and I change the guards every al half hour. But, Cody, your orders sent back to Bugler Brock saved us, for those c calls sent the red-skins flying." li "I am glad of it. lieutenant. But see, n the blizzard is increasing.in fury, and.if a those poor red-skins don't freeze, -it will s~urpriso me;" and Cody did full justice Is .to the supper placed.before him -by. t, Spurs. The wounded had been . cared for, the thorses blanketed, and the :fires were a -.piled high with logs, but there was little h ,sleep for the brave men that night of storm and danger.. - -, - CHAPTER XXVII?-LOST. ?'rha morning dawned with, the storm still raging, the fierce wind:drlvlng the e snow in stinging showers over the land. Breakfast was had at an early hour, .anad Surgeon Powell looked to - the '-ounded and reported another scout :hying, but the others doing well, add- I -ng : \- "'Fortunately. there is not another man :'.neriously wounded." S A council of war was held, the two t lieutenants. the Surgeon Scout, and Cody . being present, and after each had given -'-na views- on the situation, it was de -cided to go on. S "I can leave two of your scouts. Cody. ind a sergeant and four soldiers here to bUry the dead and to look after the " ounded who cannot go on. This. with our losses, will cut our force down to aIbout-thirty men, but we will still out iumber the outlaws, and a. Fuprire will count for tmuch in our favor. As you said, we do not wislh to be thwarted a E our expedition, though we certainly have accomnllihed much in the blow we Rave the red-si:rle. We will be ready to . start in an houtt" So said Lieutenant Seatord,and at the time stated tUe daring band that was to still face th. blizzard rode out of the :Deamp on their desperate march to the li?dlaw retreat. leaving behind them the .gfree to care for the wounded. . Takling the same trail the ret-shins .at piUrs'ed, after three hours' w'ea:ry march they canme wnhere they had been compelled to halt for tile night, or freeze -o death. \- Their camp-fires were still burning, and this was an great delight to thie little band, though the red-skins, fcaring pur nuit, had evident!y started soe-n aft'r ,lyligh. Saplings ha:d been cut to form atretchers for the wounded, and tt.r camp prese-ted a most dreary leok, for ihe red-skins had besn forced to le-ave their dead. and nearly half a hundred -warriors wino had died from the.ir peounds and tihers- inbo had frozen to dleath had been ?eft !n the camp. i There were deadt ponies, too, and a few Swounded one:. showing that the warrior band had sufnered terribly, and thei rent nea?t, cut down to one-half, were Tress Lng on in flitht for their vi!lage. A few miles further Cody stuck tio tle )rail.andagain and again were passed the bodies of brav_-s and used-up ponies. Irhen Cody branchld off towards the out •law retrnea, findind his way- by the Ssn?untain-tols. for the storm still con tinued. It was late wian they came to the t269 iver,; the r sct haj:.in unerringly struck the point witere he had crossed iltih-his' .weirdgilde 'The streamr was hard froren-nowc- "an dAthn ice ibore the 'arti, a ud a crosiin:g wis mdade. t -ed ir'nmust;be v?e careful, for this storm blinds'me.I only passed this way iand by,-ight:';said Cobd:; and he moved on alowly 'iroghli'the still driving storm. It was but an hour to sunset. and the scout expeoed to reach the entrance to the outlaw valley by dark, then camp for supper, and when the men were warm and rested, make a night attach on the cabins. But he halted again and again and glanced about him. The snow shut out all from view, and he had no mountain peaks to guide him. At last it became evident.that the ever-unerring scout, Cody, was at fault. "Lieutenant Seaford, we must camp here, sir, for I ainlost." "Lost, Cody?" - . "Yes, sir. This is a miserable place for a camp, with no water and little wood, t but night is falling, -and to wander aim lessly means death. We must make the best of it until daylight" "It is all we can do, though I fear for our hdrses-and men thus exposed.?. -"It will be worse sir, if we go on, and darkness catches us where there is no wood." "You are right; and so here we will camp, for it is growing dark now" b The order was reluctantly' given, and the nien were compelled io make the best c of it. Where they had expected to reach a the outlaw retreat that night and find 0 shelter, if after a hard fight, they must make the best of what was before them. r But no one blamed the chief of scouts, for all had wondered how he had thus far led them -through .that blinding storm. ' - They knew that they and their horses s1 would suffer terribly through the night -that some would die, perhaps: but there was no grumbling, and the men eet to work to make the best of it, when suddenly a cry from Cody startled one n and all, and every eye was upon him. CHAPTER XXVIIL-A WEIRD GUIDE. In the gathering gloom., of coming U night, in the driving mist of snow, the scouts and soldiers saw Cody seated up on'his horse - for he had made another effort to find a better camping ground his hand outstretched as he pointedt to= wards some object -upon which his eyes rested. - - - ' - . 1 At first they saw nothing, but the keen gaze of Lieutenant Seaford pierced the sweeping :curtdin. of- falling snow, and beheld a horse and rider. It a-ivas as white horse, and the rider was envelop- ti ed in a mantle as spotless as the snow about him. It looked like a shroud, and floated about the form of the horse man almost like a cloud it seemed. p "See! it is a horseman, and steed and e: rider look like ghosts," cried Lieutenant Seaford. . Every eye saw it now, and they beheld an arm of the weird horseman rise and a' beckon them towards him, then point a In a certain direction. "Come, Lieutenant Seaford, we must follow him, for that is my Ghost Guide," cried-Cody. is '.Yes, Seaford -Spectre Horseifan or ti whatever it be, we must follow," said Surgeon PowelL T The young-officer saw Cody ride to wards the phantom-like form, and in stantly.it moved away from him, but still beckoned for him to follow. "Come, mount men--forward, march!" at Lieutenant Seaford commanded; and ft the men, who had dismounted, leaped to their saddles as quickly as their be- it numbed limbs would allow. "He leaves a trail, Cody, I am glad to Ct see," cried the lieutenant, springing for ward to the side of the scout. "Yes, sir; but horse and rider are about as :weird a pair as I ever met Still, he led me to safety once, and I will follow him." "Yes, I remember; but why not ride up d and Join him?" w '"You notice, sir, that he does not wish it, for the moment I hasten my pace he does the same." "True, so humor him by all means, only do not let him get out of sight." "I'll try not to, sir." sir.."" r " " It "What do' you make out of sh aIa guide?" sc- - - "I do not know, sir. But whoever or whatever he is, he diells in these moun- tl tains, and-knows them, though just how he came In time to save - us I do not "-"Wellt ghost or m?oital .man, we are indebted- to him for our lives. I almost -begin to feel:. -It is growing very dark -do.yourse.hlm?", - -. "Yes,. sir; he has dropped -back nearer to us. as though.not to-have- us 'lose him." ... After riding on a short distance, fur ther, Cody began to look about him, in spite of the darkness. At last he said : - "Lieutenant Seaford, I know where we are." . - r "Ah!" "We are in the canyon leading to the little valley. I recognise the high cliffs now, and I find I got off the trail a couple of miles back. See there. sir:" and Cody pointed to high cliffs upon one side, and ahead loomed another wall of ock. - '!The weird guide has halted, Cody." "Yes, he is at the entrance of the pass. See, he points up the valley, and - he has gone." "You are right." . The aeird guide had suddenly turned and his horse had dashed off at a bound. "'What does it mean, Cody?" "It means, sir. that he knew we were lost, and he has guided us to tile pass entering the valley In which the CMid nighters have their retreat."' "And it is near?" "The barrier across from cliff to cliff is not a qnarter of a mile 'head, and then we enter the valley, and. crossing it, are upon the cabins." "Well, we will not delay in attackingl them. for the men are half--frozen :and the horses used up." "Yes; and through thile snitOW e canl ride rigiht up to the cabins aud demand the surrender of the outlaws, for we can surl'ounld each hut. and tile sooner we fight It out and get warmthi and shelter the better." "You are right: so lead the way, and I will have the men come up in close order and look to their reapons;" and the lieutenant waited for his men to come up while Cody rode on ahead. 1 When they came up a~.lin wilh hlim, he1 wes at the barrier, ::Ild had let tilhe bare down Thle weird guide had bIeen tlise, the goal was before them., u-d th-ey were ready to fight to thie ellnl. CHAPTER XXIX.---TIiE WARNING. e Cody Lllew tile way welt up the iittle e valley, round the lake, and to thile log 5 cabins of the outlaws. No horses were seen, but hcty had doutlle-s been put under shelter, he thought. y le had studied thle retreat :lid its sur i roundings well whilie a pis:,loer, and -l. Snot at f:ault now, fcor thil eanis lay i, fore hi,. There were six of them, and thle men were detached in squads to surroutd -each sonr. Sien and horses were piti r fully cold; but the prospect of battle, and warmthl and food to follow, was a 1 great reviver for the scouts and sol diers. s ot a soutd was heard tsave ths roar ' ing of the merciless stonrtl, and not a d lighit was visible in the cabins, the scout ir sawn: but then the shluttetrs w-ould na 5 turalty be closed. It was not late, and yet the outlawns ' seemed to have ali retired. Not a spark Ir or a sign of smoke was seen rising utIp 1- fromn any of the chimneys. A- t last tile men hlad got their positions, dismounted, and witih their arms ready, Sstood awaiting the ordeal. 1 Knoclting loudly upon the door of what hs. e 1mew to be the cabin of Captain Law t- icss, Cody nawited a reply, -while Sur t geon Powell, Lieutenant SeaLord, and O Lieutenant -Emory at the sane.time kInocked at the doots of the" other log as huts. . . . But no answer came to any of the ( knocks. Again they were repeated. but It was the same silent response that greeted v them. "Open in the name of the United t States army." commanded Lieutenant c Seaford, and his words Were repeated at the doors of the other cabins. Still no response. U "Come, men, break in the doors!" t: commanded Seaford; and large logs of n wood lying outside of each cabin and six feet in length were raised and hurled I against the doors. C Whatever the fastenings they soon gave way, and the doors stood open. F Then the pine knots were brought into s. requisition, lighted, and one was thrown It into each cabin. n The light revealed that each cabin was S' deserted. and, running in, the pine torch b was thrown from the clay floor into the o: large fireplaces. g The ashes in each were cold, showing that there had been no fire there for t1 some days at least. h: The large logs outside were then Et brought in. and quickly fires were blaz- fe nog and sending forth a cheerful light and genial warmth. The Midnighters w had not been found, but the half frozen a men were in a place of refuge front the E fearful storm and cold. Quickly their horses were unsaddled. to blanketed, and led into three of the th cabins, and the oats brought on a pack animal given to them in a rather gener- Itt ous quantity, while the ice on the lake 0m was broken, and the hores' comfort t' cared for by their humane riders. he The tired, hungry, and cold brutes greatly enjoyed their shelter and pt, Food. and the soldiers and scouts 'n :tthered in the other cabins and cooked l supper, while the officers. Sprgeon eI Powell, and Cody took possession of the leý chief's quarters, and watched Spurs' eh preparations for a hearty supper. lo: to one seemed to feel there was any es need of a watch being set, for the out laws would never attack such a force. f So they warmed themselves before the WI blazing logs, ate a.hearty supper,- and, ne ipreading their.blankets, turned in for fo their .much-needed rest. Cody ,-as the first one to awaike in the ' morning, and ie threw-some logs on the fre; and, opening the door of the cabin, fo stepped out to see what the.weather was Ir to be. . t. " IC The wind still howled dismally, and . the skies were overcast with leaden t5 slouds, but the snow had ceased to fall. " "At last the storm has spent itself. It lb will clear off . to-day," -muttered the i ,cout, with evident satisfaction, and he ti urned to aweaken the others in the cabin when his eyes fell upon a slip of paper sefere the door. It had been stuck there with a large pin. Instantly the scout took it down, sxpecting that the outlaws had left it here, and unfolding it read as follows, written in a legible hand: Or Colonel Cody, --our foes have fled, co end you must return to the post, and to malt another time to strike them. ta The Indicues will make a sweep down ipon the poet and settlements In the tl: .haw that will follow this storm, for all lie s ready for their raid: so return with all o'< taste and prepare for them, do re CHE GHOST OF THE MOUNTAINS. re C1 CHAPTER nXXX.-THA RETURn. di: When Lieutenants- Seaford and Emory all end Surgeon Powell had. read this ta it'ange warning found by Cody, 'the se: ormer said:- th "Well, Cody, what do you think of fs. t," . fo: "I have had reason to feel perfect w onfidence in my weird friend, lieu enant" alt "Then you think it just as he has in; aid?" ste "Yes, sir." .. fr "And you,'Powell?' "You remember the fight with the In- lot ieans some time ago, after tid'hch Cody 1: rent on his trail?" .. h "'Yes.'" . .. "That band.was recodnoitring." "Well?" to "-'We met a band the night before last." ev "We certainly did." oci "Tlh _ e, to.were reoncnmaeI--'-- "Then you agree with Cody that the thI eidians intend mischlef?" lao "I certainly do, Seaford, and the be sooner the fort is ready for them and the tel settlements and mining-camlps warned ho better, for all are utterly unsuspect- m: nig.ally- trouble now that cold weather ser bias set in." fo "You have something to say. Emory:" and'tieuteihant Seaford turned to his gC Bloth'r officer. qi .'I would say, Seaford. that this weird C, guide served Cody once, and all of us m last night, and he now warns us of danger, so heed it: for it would devas- W tate this country and cripple our post s5 terribly to be caught unawares by a sl large force of redskins just now. We f? have missed the outlaws, iut titen we s have given an Indian band a savere drubbing, and this warning is worth more than the hanging of a hundred Mtidnighters just now; while I notice a A P.S. here which you doubtless have not Seen:" and Lleutenant Emory read, under a fold of paper : "Return for another time to pounce down tpon the outlaws, for you will find them here later' on." The paperc passed from one to the other of the party, was read in silence, and after a few more comments, Lieu- : tenant Seaford said : "Emory, please give the order that we v will start on the home trail in an hour's a time. The metn had hoped for a day of rest t under shellter. 1Iut there was no grum ilihlg when the order was given, and as ' thlere ',as everv indication that the out laws. fearing the return of Cody. had left the place for good, all were in the saddle ready for tIe march at tie ap- o pointel time. The storm hlad not wholly obliterated their trail, and reaching thie barrier it ( was secn that there were tile trackd of a single hlor'se going off in another direc tIon. I "That ghost le-ves a trail." said t Cody, pointing to the tracks, for they ( were fresh, and evidently left by the I nweird guide when he returned to put thle rwarning upon tlhe door. As they weelt along. Cody saw how easy I it was for his to have gone astray in t?e storm at the point wvhere lhe did ; for there were two tacks of lowlad 1 hranching off together, and he hlad taken Cte one to the left. as there was a large snrowdrift ite the other one. Oicrs and men all saw this alSeo and comnentl:ied upon it. IRiding at as brisk a pace as they could, tile snow iln places was so deep theyS could not hope to reach the little calltlp much before nighit; but tile sun ihad col, oilut bright, and ther'e was evr" id- f!cation thlat a thc.' weoult fol losw 'ery quicl.ly in a day or two when thl'e weather mnoderatled, as the icy etorll -as' weeks ill advlunce of tLho se-tsot., ncd ine fact heavy sehowastoreUs were .elidom known in hiat part of the coluett'y. It ~w:es ne'r.: ly sunset when lie' tired remnaulc rcede into uhe canp. They were wearmly grceted, for one of Sthe scouts hlad gone off that Lday to re connoitre, tnd had seen at a distance a large 'antd of lndiates, ce'idently retrcet illg to the n;meunains for shelts r from ithe e'oroe. Surgeen Powell at one:' looked after the woounded., nd ?mnulouncrd ethat they ectwr able to travel, and it we:s decided t to ret!re 'arly and makli: a start with the l;el's, peep of eiano'e. This the did. ciht itle band leaoiog 5 the caueD thIlat had st"ved them so well at the first peep of day. P Cody se' a good, stt-ody .pace. std as Lhe ree:ched the noon canmp ordered h:lf a Sdozen of his scouts to be ready to stlrike out, wihens they r'stumed their mLach, npon separete trails; for Lietea?enst Se:t Sford had decided to send warntlin ts t tle iemining-canups, the - settlements, an d along the lisc of the stage troils, as they d 'ould thus be pult upon their guard a e day sooner from ihlat pl:otnt than tihey g could possibly be should he ancit to reach the pout. CHAPTER XXXL--THE WARNING HEEDED. ColonelFerris sat in his warm quarters with his adjutant, Captain Guy Noland, and his niece, Ethel VWillis. watching the terrilic storm that was raging tWith -u t. a "I was wrong to Ikt them venture, d but uv-ho nou!d have thought such a d blizzard would have kept up so long this early In the winter?"' said the colo nel, anxiously. "I have such faith in Cody, sir. that b I feel they will come through all right," o Captain Nolan remarked. t "Then he has with him Surgeon ii Powell, uncle, and he is a host in him- r7 self; while both Seaford and Emory ti are good officers, and the whole com- r, mand are picked men," remarked Ethel et WVillis, a beautiful girl of eighteen, the b, belle of the post, who had won the heart to of every man, woman, and child in the th garrison. "I admit all that you :-ty, Ethel, is to to the scout, offcers, and nmen ; but they Ila have Nature to subdue in fighting this storm, and the contest is too unequal, In for we have had three days of It now." p "See, uncle, the snow has ceased, the i wind is losing Its strength, and there is I ia break of sunshine in the clouds," cried to Ethel.E The colonel and Captain Nolan sprng i.11 to the window where she stood. and Faw a! that it was as the young lady had said. s. "The storm is certainly over, :and it ne has doubtless ended wiith the-m In the mnount:dos sooner than here. Yes, and w :e, shall have a clear sunset." the colo- li net said. of The sun did set in a clear skty, and the es next day It was a beautiful one, and the pr enown began to melt. The colonel :,nd us lEthel had just risen from dinner - for =l:e was his housekeeper, having bcen to left to his care when she w:ss an orphan st child, and had been the joy of his b:che- li lor life ever since-when Captain No:and csme In lhastily. and said : "t'ardon me, colonel, but Scout BFad- or ford has just come on from the command hr which he left twenty miles from hime at noon, and has this note from Seaford l1 for you." -The colonel eagerly took the letter he and read aloud: "We pushed on to Cody's Caump and ht found there: tband of abosut two hundred t Indians. and gave them battl-n-will re port fully upon return=-tdd.next night hi were guided to outlaw- camp in storm by Cody's Ghost Guide, who left us a te warning that the Indians would attack the fort and settlements .ts soon :as the thaw came. We have reason to feel that the information is correct, and in sending this information to you I also despatch scouts along the stage-line to la the settlements and mining-ca:tps :to ra give warning, as from here they can get the news far quicter than from the post, di "We expect to be in about nightfall, d and I would urge, sir, that the Ghost Culde's warning be regarded with full confidence. Cody Just reports thlt our Lands of lndians sheltering In the nmoun tains from the storm." "Good for Seaford!" excinimed the co- o -onel, when he had finisihed reading thle eF lieutenant's letter. "It is now three l' o'clock; and tihey will be here by six hi doubtless: -They w'ent to the outlaws' t' retreat, then. and had a brush with the red-skins. It is hard to believe that tiffs ;host Guide c::n e tieht about the In- in lins: but I will heed the wmrning, and tO all must be prepared at once to resist at tack, Noland, while couriers must be au sent to the camps, settlemnts, and along du the stage-lines in case Se:aford's iren Call to get through. Send Scout Br?d- i Cord here, and I wall talk with him. for on we must learn more of the expedition." The scout came in, looking haggard El and hard worked.- HIe was a fine-look- do ing fellow, and in a few words told iris story of the expedition, and added. in his fo frank way : pr "Thent red-skins is going to hit us, co- tel lonel, and hit us hard; and without the nu warning we got of their coming, qo they would have swept us clean off the is rth." inl The colonel and his adjutant waited ru to hear no more, but visited At ver5- part of the post, put tlhe 'mcers and .tpemp., ,, ., heir own way by striking a blow with a co arge force when they were supposed to ou 'e harmless and gone into winter quar- th ers. It was just nightfall when thle com- Pl: mand marched in. and they were looked TI upon as heroes every one of them, if only ti, for facing the fury of such a storm. ba Without delay the two officers. Sur- th geoni Powell and Cody. went to head- C: quarters and had a long talk with w Colonel Ferris, the chief of scouts re marking: h: "I am glad, colonel, that the warning T: was heeded so promptly, for from what I at saw I am sure that the foot-hills are ft sheltering largo bands of Indians waiting al for a swoop upon the post, camps. and Ii settlements, sir." -' - ; ý , a j (To be continued.) h ADVERTISED FOR BURGLARS. p \- . ti REQUESTED TO CALI. AND STEAL IIEIRILOOMS- a A man rushed into the business office s of one of the daily papers sand stoppedl at the advertising window. Theree t secured a pad of paper and at pencil a with a string to it. IIe wri'ote and erased, and then tore up what he had written, chewing the fragments say agely while he made another copy. "There." he said ait ilist. as he thrust I the p:1p1(r into the hand of the advertis- 5 ing clecrk, "count the words and tell mte 1 what they will cost for one insertion-l reckon th:it will fetch thell." " This was tile iadvertisemeunt: I 1urglars are requested to call some | nIight this week on Mr lnd IMrs Erastns 1 Brown. 200 Ashl court. A door and win- I dow will ie left openl and every facility offeredl for relmoving the spoils. "But this is a ve'ly unusual form of I advertisement," sall the clerk, witht a troubled look. "I don't kInow whether : to put it under the head of personal-or educational. Whttt is yourl motive. nmay I ask?'" "My motive?" slid the advertiser, "'is to get rid of all awful incubus of in herited truck without any reslponsibtility , fastened upon me. I might burn the house down, Itnt In that case I would be expected to save the heirlooms or perish wvith them. Say. young man, were you ever the victim of a legacy'" "No," said the clerk, with a friendly grin. "What tt funny question." "No old maid aunt ever died and left you a dozen battered silver teaspoons that had come downi from Oliver (Iroln well." "'Never!" "Lucky clhap: Never thad a solid sil ver lunchl bowl beqtueatled to you by a bibulous old tulcle who was a disgrace to the family while Ihe lived. but pro inised so return and hlailnt yos if you didnlt entertaini his comrades once a year out of that hIowl?" "I should say not." "Nor a great-grtun'other who left 'ou a silter soup ladle with t coati-of 'rl's of solme unkunon' dlead and gonle nllceslnr whic'llh must lie placedl under Sotr pIillow evelry night for s'lfceep "No." said the clerk. "I belong t( lain. everttday Ieoplce, and we has-cit~t ; -enit-of-arms to our backs." "Be thll:nlkful. young inman; you little reailise wlt a blessed lot is yonrs. To \--on'll our misfortunes, another relative I diledIl n laris last week and left us her diamonds.l But I draw thle line at dia lonlods. 'ttnd SO does my wife. We take i turn. now sitting upt with thle silver. 'fter the liurglars (comi and cletin ltS out nwe shlil hb-in to live. Put that tdtvertisement in "i good pl1:cc, and I'll let tyou kuow if we Ihear from it. ' S'long."--"Ohfica go Thmes-Herald.' d A lthorer, aged 0C, ald unllmarried. Shas died ut. Ritstone, near ''rlng. Ills \- lwages lhad ndver exceeded 8s or 10.5 a week, yet among?his effects have been 5 found securities and cash to the value of I.030. 