THE STORY OP A STAMPEDE. A FAM0U3 INCIDENT OF COWBOY LIFE. In 137G the Wilson Brothers, of Kansas | City, purchased over If),01)0 head of cattle j and arranged to centralize the herd near Comanche Springs, in McLennan County, I On the fourth of duly the entire herd was j under way, headed for Towns!), on the Br asms River. It was a magnificent army of steers, in superb condition, kept to gether by a corps of twenty-five cowboys mounted on broncos. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon, writes J. B. Cranfill in the "Independent," a black cloud showed above the foothills, and the sun shining ! against it painted a rainbow, which a])- ; peared to touch the earth at both ends, i 'The entire herd became nervous, j and showed their fear by those i low bellowings ominous to the experienced cattleman as the mut tering thunder. When the sun set ' the cattle were bedded on the plains near j the South Bosque. A detail of four cow- j boys was made for the first watch, and '• these mounted sentinels took their places ! and rode silently around the sleeping ' squadron of long-horns. The first watch ended at 0 o'clock, and the second watch went on duty. At H< o'clock the cattle appeared to be sleeping profoundly. The cowboys my that caitle dream and see ghosts; it is eer- j tain tnat this drove of 15,000 was nervous, j made so, perhaps, by the thunderstorm of j the previous afternoon and the rainbow ■ which they eyed with suspicion. i The stars were all shining, and there j was no cause at all for the arousing of the j herd. They appeared to get up all at ' once, with a single purpose, and the roar I that was heard seemed to come from a J single throat. The W^son Brothers and j their cowboys, who were sleeping in Lheir i camp, rushed to their pomes, who were ! grazing with tne saddles and bridles on, ) and aw fasti as the bits could be replaced i in their mouths they mounted and gal- i loped to the flunks of the now disappear- | ing mass. j The cowboys kept out; of the way of the j charging mass, and galloped on the flanks, ! moving toward the head of the column, | hoping to start them moving in a circle. • As the :.erd rushed on, their horns rattled i together, and ail the horns of fifteen t!i >ti- j sand lie,'id of. cattle rattling together sounded like an immense concert of casta nets. The chief of the Wilson Brothers was rilling a cream-co'ourcd stallion, and lie j had his Colt's revolver in his hand. One j of the cowboys on a gray horse was aide \ to keep up with him. Those two dis- , tanccd all the others. They roue across : the front of the stampede, which is a 'feat ' aLleudod with terrific danger; for when a j rider is in front of the rushing drove of ' mad cattle, if his horse should stumble and | In'!, be may be put down as a thing of Hie pa-'t. 'i ne herd will "wipe him out." There Wjpra bunch of about fifty cattle ; fully twenty >;;rds in ad ranee, and •,<>- j wards this leading group the two rescuers . rode, (if the leading group, also, some r were fasler than others, and this group ran in a diamond shape, with two im- j me'iSfj steers leading all. When Mr. j Wilson and bis ^companion reached the i two Icadin" steers they began shooting ■< their revolvers close to them, and in '■ that way the bunch was made to oblique, : end as the leading bunch of pattle ob- ■ lirjued, the main stampede obliqued, and . the first step in "milling" had been taken. ; J5y tin's time the cattle were ge^Jng tired. INearly five miles bad been covered, and the breath of tl ie leaders wnseomingsbort and painfully: but they were rushing on, because the front cattle at this time .-new as n. matter of fact their only safety was rn keeping up the run. Mr. Wilson had a Mexican along, one of the best cowboys in the south-west. This Mexican had been to the little brandy runlet too often, nod his usual ex cellent. judgment went awry. When he succeeded in getting mounted, the stam pede had gone past him, so that when he overlook the rear end he passed to the front on t-e other side and rode on Um wrong flank. When he reached the bend of the herd lie was just in time to defeat the manoeuvre theu under execution of bending the moving mass from a straight line to a semicircle. Revolver in baud, disregarding the other men, he began shooting in the faces of the wild steers; and the effect of this was to straighten the run and bring the advance straight towards a precipice. This preci pice was a wash in the prairie, forming a deep ravine fully thirty yards wide; and in a shorter time than it takes to tell the head of the column was pouring over, a horrible cascade of beef, plunging madly into destruction while fleeing from au imaginary danger. When Mr. Wilson and his lieutenants saw that it was impossible to save their cattle, they savco themselves by dexte rously turn in? at right angles at full speed and riding out of the way. They next re turned to the flank, and held a council of war. A few seconds derided them,and all hands commenced shooting into the herd, the object now being to ound a breast work of carcasses and save the rear end from the destruction that had overtaken the front. The gully was nearly full by this time. They were snorting and bel lowing, crashing and tearing, and still heaping up; and when the firing began the wounded ones tumbled over on the others, and in a short time the gully, like the sunken road at Waterloo, was bridged by carcasses. The herd surged up in bil lows, and bent now because it could not do otherwise. The semicircle was formed, and ttilson and his men crossed the gully below and rode round the opposite side and rccroKscd; and in a short time they had the cattle halted, forming an incom plete letter O, and there they stood, blow ing, bellow-in"1 shivering. All hands remained on watch all night, and in the morning, when a count wan made, it was ascertained that 2,700 head •were missing. There were afterwards 2,70(1 pairs of horns I ebon from that gully. It was called "Stampede Gully" for many years afterward/. 