TIMELY TALK. [By iliss D. A. Cabot in "Canterbury Times.'"] American women have shown their patriotism in a very practical way during the recent war. While the more frivolous ones were choosing summer gowns, belts and hatbands of red, white, and blue, the more thoughtful ones absolutely refused to buy Spanish goods of any description. For a shopkeeper to praise anvthizig that came from Spain was almost to risk loss of custom, so that those who had a large stock or these goods on their liands must have lost seriously on them. Spanish olives and Spanish lace, though very hiehly prized not long ago, were refused with scorn, and womei: asked for American goods, or failing these for British. 'This example of the American women might well be followed by colonia! women in encouraging the manufacture of colonial goods. I am told that the Qualrtv of colonial-made goods is inferior. As if that could be a sufficient reason for not buying tjhem. Why do >ve not demaind thiit they shall equal the English - made article? Immediately we come to the real reason of the inferiority—want of technical training on the part of the operatives. Then leu us insist that our youn;*. people shall have thorough training. Here is a real and most womanly task for us, and it concerns us very closely. Can we not effect some improvement in existing conditions. It is worth attempting, surely. let us then unite in demanding to be supplied with such colonial manufactures as there are, in preference to imported ones, and let us also demand that they-be equal in quality to the best made anywhere. Mr. Henry Lucy—"Toby, M.P."—has not studied the woman question in vain. At the recent "TSTew Vagabond" dinner he responded to the toast of "The Ladies," and rose to the occasion in a way that elicited great^ applause. He began by observing that "We women were not behindhand in the march of civilization," and went on to say that women wore stand-up collars, they rode, shot, and did not insist upon having side-saddles. If they were pretty—as most of them were, he gallantly added—they sat in a boat, while their male friends rowed them amongst the most silent reaches of the silver Thames. ^ They solved acrostics for inadeguate prizes, wrote plays and novels. Nearly all the "proper" novels of the day were written by them. This is very funny, and, perhaps, good enough for an after-dinner speech; but, as everybody knows, women have, some time ago, abandoned the "sex novel" to the negieefc it so greatly merits, and no authoress worthy •the name would think of spoiling fair white paper by concocting the garbage that, a few years ago, was to be found occupying the most favoured position on the bookseller's counter and the drawing-room table. Otfr taste has once more become normal, and only antiseptic literature is tolerated to-day —save, <if course, among the moribund cult of the neurotic and hysterical. ' It is a familiar old adage that- "what is born and bred in a man sticks to him," and nothing is more true than that the education \- received in the home is indelibly stamped on the children of that home. It is not necessary that the home should be rich with costly furniture, but what is necessary is that it should be immaculately clean, that beautiful thoughts and manners and beautiful daily living should be found there. Many mothers, with a very wrong sense of what constitutes economy, keep their best c-hina locked up for special occasions, or for visitors only. The parlour is e mystery to the children, and its drawn blinds and closed door enforces upon them the faet=that it is not a'living room. And when the children grow up, they keep their kitchen manners and bearing. With girls it may not be such an important -matter, for girl-nature is more versatile than boynature. The girl, and especially the colonial girl, will adapt herself to her surroundings in a remarkably short, time, and. will comport herself in the presence of royalty with dignity and propriety, but the boys are. different'. They rarely lose the roughness,of ^heir'early training, and nice mannersi save 111 a few, exceptional hoys, are difficult of acquirement. Hence it is well to insist on good manners for daily use in the home, and the mother who .is sweet and gracious, gentle and'good, "charitable in her judgments and.quick in her sympathies, is solving in her children's hearts the seeds of nobility that will ultimately blossom into jthat manhood, that womanhood, which alone can make them useful citizens. Those bacteria again! How they interfere with our pet extravagance, dog your footsteps, poison pur pleasure, ,ahd cast a gloom over everything. A hospital nurse has denounced the silken petticoat—that garment beloved of all woinen; and now our innocent .pride in its rich frou- frou has departed. Instead of -being a cherished possession, we fly far from it on account of the danger, lurking within its folds and finely-pleated frills and flounees. These gather up , the germs of tuberculosis, measleE, and the like, and introduce them into the faijiily eircle, so we.are told. The reason why the silk petticoat is fixed upon for condemnation i6 owing to its being unwashable. A woman who "owns one or two of these-garments wears them constantly, and. as washing would, spoil them t-bey become perfect harbours for poison germs. The same objection does not hold with regard to the skirts of woollen dressy, because women lift them, if they are overlong. The silk petticoat, however, is never lifted, and it gathers up the sputum of a sufferer from. tuberculosis as the -wearer walks along the pavement or down the steps at railway stations or other builds ings. If the skirt were washed', when soiled the danger would be greatly lessened; as it is, the poison is disseminated by degrees at her own fireside, and then people wonder where the illness has been caught. The moral of this is, never wear unwashable underclothing of any kind. In spite of all people say about the beauty of the silk petticoat," i£ must be confessed that the white one, -with its dainiy freshness, is far preferable. As for the cost of laundering two or three such skirts a week, it is as nothing compared to the cost of introduces one disease into the home. The elastic hat-fastener of our childhood's days is coming into vogue again, and one aturally wonders whether the hair is to descend from its lofty position on -the top of the hair and reappear once more below the hat brim. Certainly the soft coil on which the hat is permitted to rest is ?uuch more becoming to many women than the fussv mop which French women have decreed should disguise the shape of the head lor the time lieing. A few adventurous whom fortune has favoured with heads of the lovely type immortalised by jossetti and his disciple Burne-Jones, have alreadv let their hair drop into a natural position. It will be long, however, before fashion becomes general. In the meantime the .graceful and becoming band of narrow black' velvet finds a great many admirers, and with our enlarged ideas as to the ugliness of the narrow elastic band, pe may, perhaps, adopt the black velvet instead. . It is interesting to noticc how people bow., when they greet each otljer. Among women, especially, a good deal of insight can be gleaned as "to the character , and disposition of individuals. There is the woman who merely moves her eyebrows by way of salutation," as well as the large natured matron who smiles a gracious greeting that is <Jf the nature of a benediction. Another gives a pert little bob 'of her millinerycovered head, but on her face there is riot the faintest ghost of a smile, and you wonder if die saw vcu or merely attempted to dislodge a fly from the tip of her nose. The bow that is a real inclination of the body is very rare now-a-days. Perhaps the substitution of steel for whalebone in corsets has some faint connection with it. Then there are the effusive bow, which makes you wish you had not encountered it: the supercilious bow, which means. "I don't want to make an enemy of.you, but it's a great nuisance to have to see you," and the "really glad to meet you" bow, which acts like a tonie. and makes you wonder what has suddenly made you feel so happy. There is a great deal in the way a woman bows. What is more, she cannot help herself, but 1 will reveal her character in the act, disguise it how she may. 