SKETCH OF HIS LIFE. William' Ewart Glndstooe, as -.ono of his many biographers tersely puts it, " was by family a Scotchman, by birth and education an Englishman, but by interest and habit of mind a citizen of the world." He was born B on tho 29th December, 1809, at Rodney -street, in Liverpool, where his father was a successful merchant. "The Gledutuncs had been settled for many, generations in Clydesdale, and there p.. wero Glcdatiincs, Gladstanes, and Gladstones a', there and in other Lowland districts of Scot- -lana, wno wero nonornoiy Known, unuer uio Stuart Kings. The origin of. their name, it may be remarked, was from tho Scottish word " gled " meaning a lmwk and " slane," a rock. The ancestors of thc Gladstones wero a family living at a place which had come to bo'cnltcd tho Gled Stancs." Thomas Gladstone, grand father of tho lato statesman, who had made his name for over memorable in tho world's history, was a successful corn merchant in Loith and left his sixteen ohildron a fortune. Tho eldest of theso was John Gladstone, born in 1763, who inherited all his fathers' business talent and eventually settled down in Liver pool, where ho bccamo a partner In tho firm of Corrie, Gladstone, and Bradshnw. Ho built np an extensivo shipping trade with tho various English colonicsand foreign countries. Ho married Miss Ann Robertson, a daughter of Mr. Andrew Robertson, of Stornaway, and Provost of Dingwall, so that tho greatest British Statesman of our time has Scottish blood on both sides in his veins and has ever been proud of it, as well as of his middle class origin. Mr. Gladstone's father was the Mr. John Gladstono in question, who wa3 subse- . queotly made a baronet by Sir Robert Peel as a reward for political services, Sir John Glad stono having keen in politics thc stiv nchest of staunch Conservatives. Tho oldest sou was tho late Sir Thomas Gladstone who inherited tho baronetoy. Mr. Gladstono was sent to Eton in 1821, thon in his twelfth year, and, after spending some time at a privato tutor's, proceeded to Christ Church, Oxford. There he had a brilliant scholastio career, taking a double first-class at Michael mas term, 1831. Among Mr. Gladstone's contemporaries at Oxford were Milnos Gaskell, Sydnoy Herbert, Roundcll Palmer (afterwards Lord Selbourne, Lord Chan-- ecllor of England), Tait (afterwards Arch il bishop of Canterbury), H. E. Manning B (aftcrwnrds Cardinal), Lyall and a num- (9 bor of others, whilo among those who were B with him at Eton were Alfred Tepnyson, jfl - Arthur Hallatu, Francis Doyle, and G. A. jfl .Eelwyn (afterwards Bishop). Whilo at Eton, M '. and Christ Church, Oxford, Mr. Gladstono do- /fl veloped High Church tendencies and Tory fl leanings whiob tlio future Liberal leader in. ! fl heritcd from ids father. His youthful en- H vlronmcntalso tended to make hint a staunch 1 fl and, perhaps, a prejudiced Conservative, fl When ho went first to Oxford tho place was fl full of eager and bigoted young Tories, and fl ho soon becamo their idol. In fact, bis Con- fl sorvntism continued for somo ycni-a, and ' B manifested itself so much at Ins first entry fl -into public life that Mucuulay spoke of him as " tho rising hope of those stern and un- '-id bending Tories." After leaving Oxford, in 1831, Mr. Gladstone spent six months of thc 3 following year in Italy, and lie then returned : B in hncrin his distinnuished public ' fl career. At Oxford, ono of his contemporaries fl was Lord Lincoln, tho heir to the Dukedom .fl of Newcastle, and they became warm personal fl friends. Among tho pocket boroughs of the j Newcastlo family was tlie town of Newark, B ' which about tho time of the Reform ngita- I tion went into rebellion against the Newcastlo !m iofiuence and elected Serjeant Wilde, a sup- U porter of Lord Grey, tho Reform leader. But ; ,'fl when tho dissolution took place in December, >\ fl 1832, thcDuko of Newcastlo invited bis son's 1 B friend to stand for the borough, and he j I acccptod. Tho contest was very severe. 8 Serjeant Wilde stood again, and there was . | also a third candidate, Mr. Handlcy. Ncwnrk I returned two members, and the total of voters lil oil tho roll was under 1,800. It is intoresling. ) ,, - i ' in view of his subsequent career, to recall ' \l thnt Mr. Gladstone, on this occasion, stood I as the Duke of Newcastle's nominee in the I ' Tory interests. During thc contest ho was I I severely twitted with this, and it was cast in / B his teeth that ht was the son of a man who L ., H owned sugar plantations in tho West Indies / H on which tho labor was performed by slaves. Z I In hln address to tho electors, issued on w "! October 9,1832, ho protested against " the uninquiring and undiscriminating desire for |i| change " which " unsettled thc country " f 1 and " struck at thc root of our prosperity." T I He defended slavery, and in all respects was I a model Conservative. The polling lasted ' I two days, the final result being Gladstone 882, Handley 793, Wilde 719. Mr. Glnd- sUne was thus elected a member of the House of Commons before he completed his ) twenty-third year. On May 17th,- 1833, he i I . . t.:> Kw.» enaAAii iKorn. wlinn Ho declared I !_ W maUO Uismok \ Jbt B Himself opposed to slavery, but was not in 1 Wi i favor oi a liasty anil wholesale unfranchise- f | in(,nt Then iollowcil a dolivcmnco in sup- ) S port oi tho Irish Church, which he afterwards F vS ' disestablished. Mr. Gladstone soon made u ''I reputation as a debater, and in October, 1834, ill H when tho Melbourne Mioistry was dismissed B -VH by tho King— the last occasion on which nn fl i H English sovereign has exeroiscd suoli a proro- fl \ fl native— Sir Robert Peel was asked to form a ' 1 I new Ministry. Mr. Glndstonc was oilcre, i B tlio post oi Jnnior Lord oi tho Treasury, anil o I it. Even in thaw Tory times, they f I were, ill one respect, more ill touch with the P\ I nsnple than thoy ore in Queensland at the V J present time. Tho acceptance of even this , B minor office made it necessary lor air. uiau- ft H'ji | stone to appeal for _ re-election to I 'm H his constituents nt hewnik hut he 5$ si B wns returned without opposition. He V'i B did not long remain a Jnnior Lord -nnd H early in 1833 he becamo Under-Secretary oi -j 6 st,ite tor tlio Colonies. Just imagine itl Thc \ S nian who pussed away only on Thursday 1 n last wns sixty- three yonrs ngo tho Minister oi VrtB the Crown who hod practically charge oiAus- f m tialinn affairs. Wliy, at that time the pepu a- > tion oi Moreton Bay consisted of nhont 1.00 V I '".(! convicts nml 200 soldiers I Brisbane wns t J , in practically unknown, and it was not until l| seven years InterthatMoretonBay wnsthrown KS gg ol,e„ to free settlement. It was not until two years after Mr. Gladstono took practical charge of the Colonial Department that thc first steamer arrived in Moreton Bay bringing tho l'ctric family. Sixty-tbrco years ago i The Pec! Ministry did not remain in oftleo very long, and Lord Melbourne returned to powor the same year. Mr. Gladstoue thon remained in opposition with his lender until Peel re turned to power in 1841. Meanwhile William IV. died and Queen Victoria ascended thc throne, thus necessitating a General Election. Mr. Gladstone contested both Ncw nrk and Manchester. The former remained faithful, to him. but the Libernl enndirintes were returned in Manchester. Although he was only in his twenty-eighth year he had already made a reputation as one of thc very best debaters in the House, nnd as one of thc lending nnd most prominont politicians of tho ngo. Mr. James Grant in a book called " The British Senate," published in 1838, thus de scribes Mr. Gladstone's appearance in his twenty-eighth year : — " He is a fine look ing man, about tho usual height nnd a good figure. His countenance is mild and pleasant, nnd has a highly intellectual ex pression. Ills eyes are clear nnd quick. His eyebrows nro dark and rather prominent. There is not a Dandy in the House but envies what Trucilt would cull his ' fine head of jet. black hair.' It is always carefully parted from thc crown downwards to his brow, where it is tastefully shaded. His features nro small ami regular, ami bis complexion must bo a very unworthy witness if he does not possess nn abundant stock of health. Mr. Gladstone's gestures arc varied, but not violent. When ho rises be generally puts both his hands behind his back; nnd having then suffered them to embrace each other for a short time, lie unclasps thcui and allows them to drop on either side. Thoy arc not per mitted to remain long in that locality before you see them ' again - dosed together and- hanging down before him. Their reunion is .not suffered to last for any length of time. Again, a separation takes place, and now thc right hand is seen moving up and down before him. Having thus exercised it a little, he thrusts it into' thc pocket of his coat and then orders his left hand to follow its ex ample. Having granted thorn a momentary repose there, they nro again ..put into gentlo motion." Some of these characteristics Mr. Gladstone retained in Iils maturer years. Hero is a portrait of Mr. Gladstone at thc age of -23. In 1839 Mr. Gladstone married Miss Cathcrino Glynne, daughter of Sir Stepheh Glynne, of Hawarden Castlo, tho estate in Flintshire which has for many years been his country residence. In his choice of a helpmato ho- made no mislnke. Those privileged to peep " behind tho scenes" confidently assert that Mrs. Gladstono has .been bis mninstay- tbroupbout his distinguished career, and that as wife, mother, nnd friend she is a model for all women. In 1841 Peel again became Prime Minister, and Mr. Gladstone became Vice- president of the Board of Trade and Master of tho Mint. Included in the same Ministry were the Duko of Wellington, Lord Aberdeen, Lord Stanley; and Sir James Graham. In May, 1813, Mr. Gladstone was made President of tho Board of Trade, with a seat in the Cabinet, so that 55 years have elapsed since he first became a Cabinet Minister. In 1845 he resigned his seat in.tho Ministry owing to a disagreement with his loader over the Maynooth Grant. Townrds tho close of that yenv he issued a pamphlet oil " Recent Com mercial Legislation," which showed his con version to the doctrine of Frectradc. Thai pamphlet had a marked eiTcct on the subse quent conversion of his leader. The tirm had come for thc frank adoption of th< principle of Frectradc. Cobden and the Manchester School had triumphed ; Peel had i beon converted. Somoof SirRobert'scolleague! i declined to follow him, and ho resigned. Lort i John Russell was unable to form a Miuistry j and Peel reconstructed his Cabinet, offering tho post of Secretary of State for tho Colonies to Mr. Gladstoue. It was under these circum stances that Mr. Gladstone entered tho Cabinet which swept away thc Corn Laws, and his first Ktep was to resign his scat for j Newark. The Dnko of Nowcastlc clung to Protection, and this, was ample reason why his old nominee should bo unwilling to con tinue in what had become a equivocal posi tion. His farewell address to his constituents declares that he had anted " in obedience to the clear and imperious call of public obliga tion." This is thc first definite acknowledg ment on his part of a duty which on subse- quent occasions he frequently admitted namely, that of bowing to the demand of tho nation when manifestly just and practically t Mvnn/lv tVm shackles of Consoi"- vatisrn were falling from him, and thc current of. his opuvons had set in in the direction towards which they ever afterwards 1 llowcd with gradually increasing force. The I change wns not violent! it was gradual. It was tho change of conviction, not that of 1 opportunism. He was already a virtuul j Reformer. During the session of 1810 he was j without a seat in Parliament, but he took a prominent part in the struggle for Freetrado, and in that bitter fight he was INjel's right- hand man. Tho heroic effort required to abolish the Corn Laws eventually destroyed the Peel Administration, and Lord John j Russell succeeded. At the close of the ordinary session of 1847 a dissolution occurred, . and in thc General Election whioh ensued Mr. Gladstone was elected for Oxford University after a sharp struggle with Mr. Round, aTory, who opposed nun mniniy »» It was not long before he gave n section of hia constituents serious ffcuco by supporting the 1 ndmimion of a Jew -Baron Rothschild- into 1 tho House of Coma -s. The gap between him I nnd his old Conservative friends was growing greater, and a final separation may be said to have taken place in 1851. The Peelites at Ibis time, occupied .what might no called the position of a third party, midway between the I Conservatives and the Liberals. Lord John Russell led tho latter, the Earl of Derby was the guiding spirit of the former, nnd Sir Robert Peel's most prominent supporters were Mr. Gladstone, Sir James Graham, and Mr. Sydnoy Herbert. In 1850, Sir Robert passed away, nnd the Peelites split up, some gravita- ting towards Liberalism and others towards Conservatism. In 1851 Lord John -Russell nearlv came to grief over the Ecclesiastical Titles Bill, which reactionary measure, based 1 on an unreasonable panii, was strongly op- 1 posed by Mr. Ghulstonc, who, for the first time, found himself in general sympathy with alltho Radical sections, including Bright, Cobden, and Hume. At the end of 1851 Lord Russell dispensed with Lord Pnlmerston' j services as Foreign Secretary, but early in the following session "Old Pnm" had his re venge, and on a motion of his the Ministry were defeated. Lord Derby formed a Cabinet, inwhich ho invited Mr, Gladstone to occupy a scat, but thc latter declined. In Lord Derby's Ministry Mr. Disraeli took the post oi tho Chancellor of thc Exchequer. Thnt winter Mr. Gladstone again visited Italy, and mado an intimate inquiry into the affairs of that country. Tho session of 1852 wns memorable for tho first display of political antagonism between Disraeli and Gladstone. Thc latter severely criticised the financial proposals contained in Mr. Disraeli's budget, .and his criticism was so severo. and convinc ing that the Government were defeated. Tiie Coalition Administration followed. Lord Aberdeen became Premier, and Lord John Russell took tho leadership of tho ITouso of Commons. Mr. Gladstono becamo (Decem ber, 1852) Chancellor of tho Exchequer, and included in tho same Ministry wero Sydney Herbert, Sir James Graham, Lord Palmerston, Lord Grnnvillc, and the Duke of Newcastle Mr. Gladstone was again re-clectcd for Ox ford after a very severo contest. He now began to display thnt financial genius which subsequently made his budgets tho most famous tho world has ever seen. The Crimean War ensued, nnd Lord Aberdeen came to grief. Palmerston reconstructed tho Ministry, and Mr. Gladstono continued as Chancellor, but subsequently ho and others resigned their posts on account of Mr. Roebuck's motion of inquiry in connection with tho wa». This was in February, 185G. He continued, however, to give the Government an independent sup port, but criticised them severely on occasions. Here is a portrait of Mr. Gladstone in 1857. In 1858 Lord Palmorston's Government was defeated, and tbo Conservatives came in. 1 Lord Derby offered the post of Sccrctury of ' State for tho Colonics to Mr. Glad- ' stone, but that gentleman declined. How- - ever, ho accepted a special mission ns I ' High Commissioner to tho Ionian Islands — ' where he laid thc foundation of those services 1 which have made his name a household word I ' in Greece. On his return tho Derby Ad- j ' ministration were defeated, nnd a goncvul i election gave a Liberal majority, Lord I Palmerston formed his last Cabinet, and I ' Mr. Gladstono again becamo Chancellor of I thc Exchequer. In this capacity ho hnd already made a great reputation for himsclf. He wns rcuogniscd ns, nnd termed, tlio 1 " Wizard of Finance," and his hndgets were j looked forward to with absorbing interest, i That of 18G1 caused a tremendous sensation, : for then ho announced the total repeal of thc I much debated paper duty. Ho aho promoted J I tho negotiations conducted by Mr. Cobden, which resulted in thc commercial treaty be- I tween England and France. After the death I I of Lord Palmerston ho became Lender of tho. | j Houso of Commons, Earl Russell being j Premier. Iu a scries of successive budgets between 1800 and 1866 Mr. Gladstone sue- 1 I cecdcd in accomplishing marvels of finaaco, I nnd was tho first to be able to rcduco the National Debt, In 1865 Parliament died a I natural death, nnd Mr. Gladstone was op I j posed at Oxford by Mr. Gathorno Hardy The basis of tho opposition was- that Mr. Gladstono had expressed nn opinion that the position of the Irish Established Church' I " was unsatisfactory and falso." The result was that Mr. Gladstone was defeated by 180 votes, hut shortly afterwards he was returned I for Sonth Lancashire, being third on the poll. In March, 1866, Mr. Gladstoue intro- I duced a " Reform Bill," as it was called, hut more properly the Franchise Extension Bill. At this stngo a contemporary writer thus des- eribes the great statesman : " Mr. Gladstone j is incomparably the best speaker in tho House, some give tho palm to Disraeli, others to Bright, but if tho object of speaking is to convinco an audience then give Glad- 1 stone a right subject and there is no ono 1 j can come near him. Tlio extent and accuracy of his knowledgo on almost every subject, his dexterity in using that knowtedge, 1 nod bis exhaustive power of reasoning arc I truly surprising, while his command of the 5 English langungo is quite unexampled. Mr. 1 Gladstone has probably spoken ns much in J the House as any man there, and yet wc I believe lie never was convicted of a misstate- f J incnt, never lost thc thread of his argument, j and novcr hesitated for a word during thc whole course of bis Parliamentary career. ' Wo have heard Cobden say that it is useless to speak after Gladstone if you nrc on the same side as he always exhausts tho subject. I lie has a greater command of words than any I I senator who ever spoke in tbo British Parlia ment. As to laughter, ho never attempts a I witticism ns ho considers anything liko mirth I entirely outof place in a Legislative Assembly. I lie is never personal, he is too powerful in | I argument to need tho aid of personalities and j I too conscientious to use theni.' Tho Reform Bill caused tremendous excitement and even ' powerful friends of the Ministry opposed it. 1 Among tho latter was Lord Grosvcnor, and Mr. Gladstone referring to his hostility thus I announced thc determination of tho Govern I mcnt to proceed with the Bill at all costs : I " Wo have pussed the Rubicon : wc have broken I "»i»A nn ft hnrnnd the boats behind us, we have advisedly cut off the means of retreat, and having done this, we hope that, as far as time has yet permitted, wo have dono our j duty to the Crown and to the Nation." 1 In moving thc second reading Mr. Gladstone I made a most magnificent speech, which he concluded in these words : " You cannot fight against the future. Time is on ourside. Tho great social forces which move onwards in their might and majesty, and which tiro tumult of our debates does not for a moment | I impede or disturb— theso great social forces I are ngainst you. Thoy nro marshalled on our side, and tho banner which we now carry in this fight, tliough perhaps ot somo moment I it may droop over our sinking hendn, yet soon again will it lloat In the eye of heaven and will bo home by the firm hands of tho united people of the three kingdoms, perhaps not to I nn easy, but to ft certnln and not far distant victory." rropneuc wurus. rending was only carried by the narrow majority of five, and tho Bill was defeated in I Committee/ The Conservatives came in, and Disraeli performed his famous feat of " dish- 1 ing the Whigs," "stealing the Liberal clothes." The Conservative Reform Act fol- l lowed. In 1868 came Mr. Gladstone's signi ficant declaration in favor of the Dip- 1 establishment of the Irish Church, and ho I moved certain resolutions in favor of such, | j making on behalf of them one of his grandest | speeches. The Government opposed the resolutions, but they were carried on division I by a majority of 65, and ft dissolution fol- I lowed. The general election took phico in I December, 1868, and resulted in a majority of 115 for the Liberals. Mr. Gladstone was, however, defeated in South Lancashire, but he was elected for Greenwich. The Conserva tive Government resigned, and Mr. Gladstone was commissioned by her Majesty to form his Cabinet. He thus became Premier for the first time on December 9, 1868, being then in 1 his 59th year of his age, and having sat iu the House of Commons nearly 35 years. The j history of tho first Gladstone Administration I may be summed up iu the words " Progressive | Reform." Thc principle events of his ncf- | ministration were tho Irish Church Disestab lishment Act, tho Irish Land Act, theElc- J mentary Education Act, tho Abolition oi Purchase in thc Army, tiro Ballot Act, and the Judicature Act. nU critios sneered at > what they called " heroic legislation " by which he endeavored to find remedies for thc grievances of his countrymen. One of thc most mcmorablo instances of thoso days was that scene on Blackheuth, oit that bitterly cold October afternoon in 1871, when the al ready aged statesman of 62 years stood bare headed on the heath and addressed an audi- of 20,000 persons in an exhaustive speech of two hours' duration. The audience was in many respects a hostile one, it was packed by his opponents and included in it were or ganised bauds who had gone there simply to hissand groan hhn down. But by sheer force of personal energy and over-mastering eloquence tho great orator subdued the crowd. Never throughout his long career did ho win a moro remarkable triumph by a single speech than when ho faced and overawed that turbulent London crowd. " Thoy went to scoff but re mained to pray." In 1873 hebroughl forward his University Bill which was to be tho third member of his trilogy of Acts for tho redress of Irish grievances. Thc principle of thc Bill was to give civil equality to all Catholics, but It caused an outcry among n section of his followers and tho result wns the defeat of tho Government. Mr. Disraeli declined to form ft Cabinet and the Government was re-constructed. In 1874 Mr. Gladstone dissolved Parliament and the Conservatives came back with a majority of 56\. Mr. Gladstone resigned, and Mr. Dis- raeli formed his second Administration. Mr. Gladstono then decided to withdraw from public life. In January, 1875, he announced his retirement from tho leadership of thc Liberal Party. " At the ago of 65," he re- "remarked, "and after -12 years of laborious life, I think myself entitled to rctiTO on the present Opportunity. This retirement i« .dictated to me by my personal viuws as to tho best method of spending thc closing years of my life." Ho little thought that tho most stormy part of his public career was to come. The Marquis of Harrington was chosen as leader of tho Liberal Party and Mr. Gladstono devolcd himself .to ono of his- beloved pur- suits in the shapo of literature. Had he not chosen a political career ho would havo been equally distinguished as an ailthor, and as it is he has left behind him an able reputation ns such. But he could not long remain com- plctely out of polities. Tlio Bulgarian atro cities aroused his feelings of humanity, and ho showed that although retired, ho wus still die Liberal leader, nnd ho wis never moro prominently before the eyes aud in thc Lhoughts of his couutrymcn than he wns in the last three or four yenrsof thc Conservative \dministnitionof 187-1-80. His individuality was most clearly defined, his enthusiasm most marked, his resolution most conspicuous. In anc quarter he was adulated, extoled, and loved as tho Champion -of Liberty; in another ho was constsintly sneered at and reviled us nn unpatriotic, suborning agita tor. There were men who made long pilgrimages to see him hanging o i his j words as though lie hnd been n prophet ; and j there were others who broko thc windows- of 1 his dwelling, ami groaned nt him in tho Houso of Commons. In 1880 enmo tho 4cncral Election, and Mr. Gladstone led the campaign in person at Midlothian. The story of that famous campaign is too long to tell here, sufiico to say that Mr. Gladstone's pro gress was one of triumph ; that day after day I he delivered rousing speeches, permciited with I thc most marvellous eloquence, which rover- berated throughout the country and resulted in ft phenomenal Libera! triumph. He won tho Midlothian election, and his party 1 wero successful at tho polls. Tho Conscrva- I live Ministry resigned. Public opinion over whelmingly declared that no other Premier than Mr. Gladstone was possible. Ilowever, Lord Harrington was tho nominal leader, and ho was first sent for by the Queen, but he de clined to form a Ministry. He recommended that Mr. Gladstone should be sent for, but Lord Granville was sent for. and he ulso de clined in favor of Mr. Gladstone, who -vus then sent for and formed his Ministry. The history of that Administration is too well known. Tho rise of the Parnellite party chnnged the aspect of home polities, and after five years of government of Ireland on the old traditional lines, Mr. Gladstone was , | convinced that thc old methods were wrong. Previous to this, however, valuable reform legislation was passed. In June, 1885, the Government was defeated by a vote on the Budget, and Lord Salisbury came into power. 1 Thc Conservative reign was a short one. At General Election in November, 1885, the j Liberals came hack to power. Then. came tho Homo Rule nnnounccmcot in 1886, after 1 tbo return of the Liberal party, with a trium- I phant majority. The schism of the section I r» Liberal Unionists fol- lowed. Among the seceders wero his old j colleagues, Mr. John Bright, the Marquis of . Harrington, Mr. Chamberlain, -Mr. Goschen, : Sir Henry James, and a number of other prominent Liberals. Of these the de- J fection of Mr. Chamberlain anil Mr. Bright created tho greatest sensation. Mr. Chuinborluln whb the very ablest of his many I brilliant lieutenants, and was reputed to be | even more radical than hia leader. Only a few short months before— viz., in June, 1885, he had paid what is perhaps the grandest tribute ever pahi to Mr. Gladstone. Speaking at Birmingham on that occasion Mr. Chamberlain said : " I sometimes think great men are like great mountains, nnd that wo no not appreciate ineir mnuimuui wunu we are still close to them. You have to go to a distance to see which peak it is that towers above its fellows; and it may be thnt wo shall havo to put between ua and Mr. Gladstone a space of time before we shall know how much greater he has been than any of his competi tors for fame and power. I am certain that justice will be dono to hint in the future, nnd I am not less certain that there will, be a signal condemnation of thc men who, moved by motives of party spite, in their- eagerness for office have not hesitated to load with in sult and Indignity the greatest statesman of : our time ; who have not allowed even his age. which should have commanded their rcver cncc, or his experience, which entitles him to their respect, or his long personal character, or his long service to the Queen nnd his coun try, to shield from the vnlgnr affronts and the lying accusations of which he has nightly been made tho subject in the Houso of Com mons. He with his great magnanimity can afford to forget ani forgive these th'ngs. Those who have served him so long it behoves to remember them, to resent them, and to punish them." No nobler or better de served tribute has ever been paid to thc great statesman, and that Joseph Chamberlain within eight months after delivering thoso words was compelled to assume a hostile attitude to his old leader shows the breadth of tho grent schism of 1686\. It must have given men liko Cham berlain nnd Bright deep pain to break away from the magnetic personality of such a leader, but thoy had the courage of thoir con victions, nnd though wc may not politically approve of their oction, they were entitled to the active expression of their conscientious opinions. But Mr. Glndstonc was not dis mayed. lie entered upon his gigantic task with tho utmost confidence of oventuat tri umph. All his marvellous ability and wonder- ful eloquence wero directed to its accomplish ment. Thc scene in the House of Commons on April 8, 1886, when Mr. Gladstone intro duced his Home Rule Bill is ono thnt will never be forgotten. The entrances of thc House were thronged ten hours before tbc deliver of his speech. Long before noon there wus not a vucuut scat in thc House and tbc competition for places in tbc IIou.se itself led to scenes unprecedented in tlie history of thnt famous Assembly. Mr. Glndstonc fairly surpassed himself in that speech which he wound np in tho following peroration : " I ask you to show to Europe and to America that wc, too, can face political problems which America twenty years ago faced, and which many countries in Europe have liecn called upon to face, and have not feared to deal with. I ask that in our own case wc should practice with firm, and fear less hand, what wo have so often preached— thc doctrine which we have so often inculcated upon others— nnmcly, that the concession of local self-government is not the way to sup or impair, hut thc way to strengthen nnd consolidate unity. I ask that we should learn to rely less upon merely written stipu lations, and more upon those better stipula tions which are written on tlie heart nnd mind of man. i ask that wc suouiu apply to Ireland that happy experience which wo have gained iu England nnd in Scotland, whore the course of generations has now taught us, not as n dream or a theory, but as practise and ns life, thai the best nnd surest founda tion we can find to build upon is thc founda tion afforded by the affections, the convic tions and the will of the nation; and it. is thus, by thc decree of the Almighty, that we may lie enabled to secure nt once thc social pence, thc fame, the power, nnd the permanence oi thc Empire." i Rut his eloquence did not avail. The debate ' continued until JnneO, when Mr. Gladstone ' wound it up with another magnificent oration. . Oncof his Conservative opponents, Sirltichnrd Temple, thus vividly describes that scene : "It was midnight when Mr. Gladstone rose to say the last word, and to make his fourth great speech on tho Bill. Ho began poorly, with somo arguments that to us seemed trivial, and he made soino sarcastic or bantering il lusions to our party. These we received with ironical cheers and derisive exclamations, which disconcerted him. ne indirectly ap pealed to us not to interrupt an old man, whereon we politely desisted. Oddly (nough, ho proceeded with his argomont, and then Kaid that honorable gentlemen opposite do not laugh now !— flattering himself that we were subdued by his arguments, wherens in truth we had restrained ourselves merely in defer ence to Ills ogc and position. However, we whispered to each other, ' Let him go on, ii is only the Kong, politically, of the dying swan ' Towards thc peroration bis eloquence grew, and swelled nnd soared. For thc last twenty minutes or so 1 have never heard such oratory anywhere from any roan ; indeed he poured liifl very soul into it Our reason was, of course, steeled against conviction from such persuasion. With touching metaphor he pointed his outstretched arm to our bar, the historic bar of the Commons, and pictured Ireland standing there and pleading. Thc apparition was visible to his eye of faith— like the ghost in the tragedy seen by ono alone . out of tho company ut the banquet. But with our unbelieving eyes wc beheld it not." That ' was in 1886, but it was far from being tho j htsL " song, politically, of the dying swan," 1 us Sir Richard Temple subsequently well knew. But Sir Riclmrd'-s tribute coming from an op- ponent well shows the impressive personality of the tnost illustrious Englishman of the age. But with their unbelieving eyes they "beheld it not" and when tho divi sion was taken the result was : For tho Bill, 811 ; against, 3-11. A dissolution fol lowed, and the battle was transferred to the constituencies, with the result that an over whelming majority of Conservatives and Liberal-Unionists were returned. For the time, being Home Rule was dead. Lord Salisbury came into power, and Mr. Gladstone went into Opposition. Although in his 78th year he still retained, to ft large extent, his marvellous vitality. Here is a pen portrait of him by one of his followers in 1687 : " .Mr. Gladstone 1b marked, physically He is about five feet nine inches high but looks taller. Ills build is muscular, and but ft very short time ago he was able to take a hand at felling a tree with young men. There was a time when he was one of the most skillful of horsemen. He is still a greAt pedestrian, and there scarcely passes a day that he is not to bo seen walking. Ho walks with his head thrown back, and a step firm and rapid. His countenance is singularly beautiful. He has large dark eyes, that flash brilliantly even in his age. Deep set nnd with heavy eyelids, they sometimes give the impression of tho ejes of a hooded eagle. He has" a large, exquisitely-chiselled nose ; thc mouth is also finely modelled. The head is im'usually huge. It was in early youth covered with thick, black Hair. Tho brow is lofty and broad, aud very exprosslve. The complexion is white almost as wax, aud gives thc face a look of wonderful delicacy. Tho face is thc most expressive in tho Houso of Commons;'" It reflects every emotion as clearly and - rapidly ns a summer lake its summer sky. When Mr Glndstonc is angry his brow is clouded and his eyes shine. When he is amused his face beams. When bo is indig nant Iris lips curl nnd his head is tossed. His aspect is then truly lconino. His air is joyous if all things go well, and mournful if things go ill ; though when tile final trial comes nnd he stands convinced that lie must meet absolute nnd resistless defeat, he looks out with dignified tranquility. All tha pnsaionn of thc human kouI shine forth by his look and gesture. His volco Is powerful and at the same tiuio can be soft, can rise in menace and sink in eutrcaty. Allusions have been made to tfio vast and heterogeneous stores of learning which nro in this single mnn's brain. He has extraordinary subtlety of mind, so thnt he is nblo to present a cose in u thousand different lights. And it is this faculty thnt has sometimes given him tho un pleasant and undeserved reputation of sophis try and of duplicity. Ho speaks us ii rule with considerable vehemence nnd gesticulates freely. To spenk of him as the first orator of tho House of Commons is to give n very in adequate statement of his position. Over nnd over again in tho course of bis career he has turned a battle, when ho wns seemingly just benten, into n victory ; and nobody is ever able to say how things will go until Mr- Gladstono has first spoken. Lord Beacons- iiciit up to tnu ttmo oi ins ueatn presented to thc people a contrast and n counter attraction . Thc late Tory leader was a brilliant and strong-willed man that had passed through u romantic and picturesque career. With the death of Lord Bcaconsfield passed away the last man who could venture to be brought into rivalry with Mr. Gladstone, and so he Rtnnds alone as tho Inst survival of a race of giants. His effect thus upon people outside of Parliament is almost as great as upon those who arc inside its walls. There seems to be something so lofty nud so pure in his purpose- that men follow him with something of fanaticism. Thc restlessness of his energy produces equally earnest woik for Ids fol lowers, and his own exlmustlcss funds of enthusiasm and sunny optimism made other men passionate stragglers for thc right. The hand of Gladstone has changed the map of Europe, nnd first really gave birth to Christian nationalities in thc East, which nro now emerging into freedom and light after ages of dark thraldom under tho Mussulman. In addition to theso tilings he is credited willi immenso Parliamentary skill. He began his advocacy of Homo Rule with an extraordinary prestige. Tlie difficulties were felt to be gigantic, dangerous pitfalls to bo everywhere around ; but'meo had faith in thc star of Glad stone, nnd be hnd faitli in it himself also." On the other hand one of his opponents, Sir Richnrd Temple, presents this portrait of Mr. Gladstone ns ho oven appeared to Con. servfttlve eyes that year: "During this in. tcrval tho salient feature was tho impressive personality of Mr. Gladstone himself, who was quito thc figurehead in this Parliament. Naturally he was no longer the handsome man with a beautiful voice who bad been wont to charm a listening Senate. Dot still bis aspect wn3 nobly picturesque, anu wnuu under excitement he was grandly leonine. Advanced nge hud left its traces on him out wardly, and had impaired his matchless powers of elocution. Tho once resonant voice often would bccomo husky, and at times often inaudible, so that Ins oratory sank and fell with a cadence liko thc wind. But his per suasiveness for many minds remained in its highest degree. His impassioned gesture seemed to be quite unimpaired ; it could not conceivably have ever been finer than it was in these days. When excited with Bpeceh he would swing his arm round like the sweep of scimitar, and yet with a movement both graceful and appropriate. His hands, too were most expressive, and by their motion or action helped him to enforce his arguments. Above all, there was thc play of features in tho care-worn countcuance. Evidently lie was in the highest sense of the term ono of nature's actors. It would bo no disparage- rnent of him to say that had he by accident of birth or fortune betaken himself to tlie <itn en. Im would have been one of thc greatest tragedians of modern times. As it was I have i often seen him do perfectly well and without premeditation, as it by intuition, that which profcssionul nctors accomplish after long study, and then perhaps imperfectly. The quality of his speeches was not quite what it once hnd been in nil respects. Tho passion, tho glow, tho sympathy, tlio magnetism (to borrow on American phrase), remained as of yore. Tho poetic, pathetic, romantic passages in iris oratory were still lovely— they could hardly have been lovelier even in the heyday of his career. But thc power of mnrshulliug a long array of facts and figures, of sus taining ft lengthened argumcut analytically and sympathetically—though Btill great- was not what it must have been in his palmiest days." live years later Lord Salisbury's faithful henchman who penned thc above bod an even better proof of Mr. Gladstone's marvellous vitality. On July 25, 1889, ho celebrated hia golden wed ding. On December 29, 1889, Mr. Gladstone celebrated iris eightieth birthday, und re ceived congratulations from all parts of the world. Three years later Mr. Gladstone entered on his second Ilomt Auio campaign. This time he was even more heavily handi capped than in 1886. Tho Irish party were divided. But ugain tho Grand Old Man triumphed at the polls. Ho re-introduced tlie nomo Rule Bill, and after a -series of magnificent speeches succeeded in carrying it through thc House of Commons, superin tending its progress with unparalleled vigour and patience. As an instance of Mr. Glad stone's phenomenal industry, even at his advanced age of 83, let our readers peruse tho following from " A Day in tho Life of thc Prime Minister," published iu tlie "West minster Budget" of February 2, 1893:— "Tlie Prime Minister looms large in the eyes of tho public. This means an enormous letter-bag. We should not like to say how many letters ore delivered in Dowoing-strcet daring the course of tho day; but if Carlyle were right, that the population of these inlands were mostly fools, the morning de livery in Downing-street must be counted in millions, for it is quite certain that every fool in thc country makes a point of 'writing once , during each administration to the Prime i Minister. Let us leave the fool to his folly. and not pry into tho secrets of the sieve which a Prime Minister's private secretaries apply to his correspondence. But even after the foolish and impertinent letters have been weeded out, thn mass of correspondence re maining to lie dealt with is veiy large. At one timo Mr. Gladstone was conscientious, almo3tto absurdity, in answering such letters. I suppose I had better write to so-and-so, and say such-and-such, said' ft private secre tary once who was now to the work and to the man. 1 Ob, no,' replied Mr. Gladstone, aghast at tho well-meant assumption, ' I think I must deal with that myself.' ... It Is not always a Cabinet day. Rut the days without a Cabinet are in times of political pressure no less laborious ; for are thcro not committees of tho Cabinet to meet, Ministers to consult, officials to pump, and representa tives of this interest or that to square? In this department of hln work Mr. Gladstone spares neither himself nor others. ' Good heavens, good heavens!' said a well- known official (though not quite in thorn gentlo words), as ho wiped the perspiration from his forehead, and sank exhausted into his chair. ' Good heavens, there is nothing of mo left.' ' Why,' asked his friend, ' what have you been doing?' 'Talking business with Mr. Gladstone for an hour.' In his power of tearing tho heart out of tho most complicated subject, of putfiog thc most searching ques tions, and bringing a remorseless memory to bear upon the smallest details, Mr, Gladstone has no rival among modern Ministers." But Mr. Gladstone with all hia marvellous in dustry did not reap thc reward of his labors in piloting the Home Rulo Bill through tho House of Commons. Unfortunately, tho House of Lords by rejecting tho Bill prevented the consummation of tho crowning act of his career. Although physically almost wearied out, his marvellous courage wascqnol tocntcring upon a campaign against the nouscof-Lords inwhich no doubt he would havo ultimately triumphed but cx- hanstednaturcafiscrted horsway. His hearing failed and cataract developed in tho right eye. On March 1, 1891, he mndc his last speech in tlio IToiho of Commons ns Prime Minister, nnd on March 3 he bad nn audience of the Queen and gave up the seals ot Uiucc. un March 12, 1891, thcro was a memorable scene in both Houses of Parliament when friend and foe vied with each other in paying tributes to tho retiring statesman. In thc House of Lords, Lord Salisbury thus expressed himself amid loud cheers on both sides: "Roth the noble Lords who spoko re ferred to the circumstance that this wns a great historic occasion. It may bo called a turning point in our political history. A grent career bus closed. A grent figure thnt was to the front in politics as long, I should think, as any man hero can recollect, has passed from any active interference iu public affairs. Very just and very natural expressions of nil- miration nnd devotion were uttered by thc two noble Lards who followed Mr. Gladstone. For us it is not possible, on such nn occasion, to speak of his policy and of his measures, for it would introduce us into controversial grounds from which nn occasion such ns this should be sacred. Rut, nt least, wc, his op- not been subject to thc glnmour of his elo quence, can offer our passing tribute to tho most brilliant intellect that has been placed at thc service of the Htnto since Parliamentary Government began, and to the courage nnd resolution nnd self-sacrifice anil self-discipline with which hu has continued exertions in be- hulf of tlie convictions ho has acquired to tho latest period that has ever been granted to an English Statesman." The new Prime Minister (the Earl of Koscbery) said: "Wo on this side of thc House meet uoder the shadow ot ft great grief. A week ago we hnd perhaps the greatest Leader that any Party lift ewr been led by, and Ihe tributo of tlie noble Marquees to his merits, his char acter, and his genius left nothing to bo de sired on this side of the House. Everyone can appreciate the greatness of Mr. Glad stone's character and attainments ; but there is one aspect of his career which makes his retirement especially pathetic and interesting —1 mean the long reach over which his recol lection passes. He heard the guns snlutiog the Battle of -Waterloo ; he heard somo of Mr. Canning's greatest speeches ; he heard the Reform Debate of "1831 in tlie Houso; and Lord Brougham's memorable speech. He was, over half a century ogo, the right- hand man of Sir Robert Peel's famous Go vernment and when to this coating of history which ho acquired so long ago, is added his own transcendent personality, one cannot, it seems to me, help being reminded of some noble river that has gathered its colours from the various soils through which it hns passed but has preserved its identity unimpaired ond gathered itself in one splendid volume be- foro it rushes into thc sea." In thc Houso of Commons Mr. Balfour paid an equally eloquent iniJLuu w uju ««!«»» whilo Sir William llarcourt'a uim-gyric was a superbly brilliant ciTort. No ono then dreamed that Mr. Gladstono would last until 1893, but tho " old Lion " was not quito dead. In 18911 and in 1897 ho displayed moro mar- vclious signs oi vitality, thc Armenian and Cretan atrocities having thoroughly aroused him. In September, 1890, ho delivered a inott impassioned speech at a public meeting in Liverpool, and, with his pen as well, he powerfully pleaded tho cause of Crotc and Greece against Turkey, so that to the very Inst ho remained ' The Champion of Liberty " and "Apostle of Humanity." The pathetic details of his last illness are familiar to our renders. Suffice to say thnt on 5 o'clock on Thursday morning death happily terminated the sufferings of the greatest Englishman of tins or any other century, one to whoso extra ordinary talents this necessarily brief and im perfect sketch cannot do iinythingnpproacliing adequate justice. As Lord Salisbury well put it. we can only " oiler our passing tribute to tlio most brilliant intellect that lias been placed at tho service of tho State since Parliamentary Govcrmncntbcgnn." Within tbennrrow limits of a newspaper urticic wo are only able to refer briefly to thc chief political events of his life, of those which went to develop his character as n statesman. I'crhnps of no other llritish Statesman can it be raid that he was a part of all that lie hail seen, an element of all thnt liod been accomplished in his time and it would ho porfectlyjrapossiolo to review Ids public actions nnd ntterances withont touching in some sense upon the entire politi cal history of his generation. As has been said : " Mr. Gladstone's life bridged the gulf which would otherwise yawn between tbc Oxford of Manning nnd Newman nnd Liddon ond the democracy which Mr. Chamberlain himself now finds too advanced. Chcrtm lay his most conspicuous cbarncteri-iic. Ill, life not only touched both extremes, but it embraced both. William F.wart Gladstone the undergraduate, who declared iD one of ( his earliest recorded speeches that " his pre- j indices and his predilections had long been enlisted on'the side of Toryism," in extreme i.i with th« tilmtlnw of death athwart his eyes, ia bis last great speech, denounces the House ot Lords ns a stumbling block to constitutional progress ! Despite tha fact that he passes away at a critical time when the world is straining its cars for thc clash of sums, the thunder of can- non, and eagerly opplauding the great, big hot words which breathe jvar instead o! peace, a pang of deep regret will stir the very heart of civilisation at the announcement of his death. He leaves behind him the me mory oi the greatest of statesmen, one who I has done more to alleviate the sufferings of his fellow men than any bother., As Mr.- Oh&ffi;'VB . " berlain puts it: Tho present ago oatinot- B . mrasuro Ills services. Wc aro too close to the ' fl . > mountain of his fame to appreciate Rsma#ci- - H <' ; tudo. But ot least wo can testify in some - fl < ' degree to its height as it impresses us. - Mr. .1 i .- Gladstone's career is totally unliko that a! >;B nny other statesman. Most statesmen begin .'H . : |, ns Radicals and end &9 Con&orvativel; i :l ; Disraeli, Salisbury, .Chnmbcrlain for example, ; 1 But Glndstonc is tho great exception. -;'H .,«< j Faithful in tho beginning to his earliest im- B v ' ! - presaions his path broadened instead oi nar I | rowing, mastering prejudice hie mind ex- panded, until ho led his people to tho height . /. v of groat reforms. Looking back upon his V-;-b -: great career, so magnificent, so unique, friond - and foo can well unite now in paying a ' j-'': tribute " to tho splendid honesty of his virllo - >: abilities and thc unclouded honor of his ever \ Unsolflsh purpose." In him thcro passes ' away ono of tho most noble- nnd famous - historical figures. As Sir William narcourt - - ' : eloquently put it in tho House of Commons four years ngo : " Wo ahall nover again sco i , . anything which is ' simllis nut Beeundus la .1 nrtcm.' If I may borrow a phrase of his | -j own, ' Wo nrc painfully consofous of tho fata . j j that awaits those who with' uoeqtial hands ' i attempt to guide tho chariot of the sun.'- Wo / . I cannot furnish forth that inexhaustible know-, j ledge, that maturo experience, thoso unfail- . ( ing resources, that splendid oloquonco, that fire, which kindled passion and which roused enthusiasm, which prevailed as much by sympathy n« by renson" As a Grecian' , statesman put it tho other day: "Gladstono-' -- - did not belong to England ftlonc, ho belonged to Humanity. His" powerful voioo was over raised in defence of the victims of oppres sion ; he wns thc Champion of tho dlstrosBcd, ' thc Apostle of Freedom— ono whoso glorious '' spirit soared abovo the confines of nation-.; ' nlity, caste, colour, or orccd." Wordsworth . lias been called tho High Priest of Naturo;. Edmund Burko has been tormcd tbo High Priest of Order; and William Ewart Glad stone may bo called tho High Priest of Poli tics in its broadest and best Renso. His political speeches wero .huge storehouses of --.z- wisdom— not tho cheap, paltry shops of tho nverago politician— but great warehouses re plete witlx tho nohlo, nnlmutlng wisdom of ono who had tho philanthropist's heart ns well as Bv tho statesman's bruin. Asa modern writer fl-. says of Burke, so wc may say of Gladstono, ,B " that he loved justice and hated iniquity is fl-.-- certain, as also it is that ho dwelt in the paths B - Ul purity, Jiuiuuiiit, mm yuaui:. mikji nuuu found adhering to them." B.. Tho deceased statesman is survived by Mrs. B. Gladstone. Eight children wero tho issue ot fl their tnnrringo of whom six survive. Tho fl eldest, tlie Into Mr. W. H. Gladstone, sat in fl< , Parliament somo timo as member for East B Worcestershire ; tho second, tho Rev. Stophcn ,fl ' Gladstone, is ltcctor of Ilawardoa ; tho third B' Mr. II. N. Gladstone, is engaged in business j. 9 and thufourth.thoRightHon.H. J. Gladstono,' fl, M.P., was Financial Secrotnry to the Wav fl Office in 1886, and Under Homo-Sccretary In 1892\. Of tho four daughters, tho- eldest married tlio Rev. E. Wieklmm, head master of Wellington Col I ego; tho second died in 1850 ; tho third married thc Rov. Harry Drew and is mother of his favorite granddaughter "tho famous 'Dorothy Drow," and tho youngest is Miss Helen Gladstone, ono ot tbo . / Vice- Presidents of Ncwnham Collogo, Cam bridge University. MR. GLADSTONE AT 28. MR. GLADSTONE AT 48. THE GRAND OLD LION. ; m. gladstone in 1897. MIL GLADSTONE AND HIS GRAND-DAUGHTER DOROTHY IN 1893. 1 