NOTES AND NOTIONS ,'-???. A drop of ink Palling upon a thought mnkos thousands Maybe millions, think. ' A wicked old mau in Melbourne— ; wicked bocauso ho had just passed tb Q allotted span, and was ns poor qb Lazarus—recently finished his earthly career and gave up the ghost, dyin-'ia aeommon prison. But why, you say did ho then ond his connection with this vale of tears ? He was a coloniYt of 40 yea?, and 70 yenre of ago. He was found by the police on a eteatn ferry in a most pitiable condition, and was taken to the Melbourne hospital and refused admission. So the con stable? ha<l no resource except to charge tho old man with vagrancy and get him committed to tho gaol hospital. t This was done, and the aged reprobate] 40 years a colonist, was taken to the gaol hospital afc once. He remained there—or tho spiritual part of him— just 17 years, aud tlibn with most re-' prehensiblo malignancy: died. A doctor certified that the doeperate ' criminal was suffering from inflnrama- ' lion of the lungs and pleurisy, and that his death was not "accelerated by not being admitted to the hospital." The Coroner thought it strange the man had not been taken into the hos pital, and the jury found tho man had diedas the doctor had stated, and that he ought, considering his dying: coni dilion, have been taken into tho hos- ? pital. Tho proceedings terminated "without real blame to anyone, perhaps to the defunct colonist of 40 years for being "old and poor, and having pleurisy. Comment! Let every reader make his own. Who says that poverty-and ago is not a crime ? ; ; > '.-.-" ' :--': ?".?; ??"'?/?.???!"..-.-???? * : ?'- ; ~ Tlie greatest, drawback to the pro-.' gross; of Australia-is tho unreliable nature of_ the .'climate. Little or no dopendaucocau bo placed on any par ticular, eeason, with monotonous regu larity. King Drought is master of the situation at some part of the year, bringing ruin and disaster Hi its trail in nearly" every district in the con tinent. Then when rain does come it "visits., us with such fury that thousands of acres-in tho valleys of the coastal rivers and in the western districts are Hooded, nnd further devastation caused. In spito of these drawbacks, however, we continue to move onward in the march of progross. Though the drought of the past few years has re-, duced the amount of tho Australasian ' wool clip by about 300,000 bales, pro ducing a loss to colonists of nearly four millions sterling, it is true that the wool growing industry is tho most important carried on. In 1897 the United Kingdom imported Austra lasian wool to tho value 0f£16,756,000, the amount of all tho merchandise, including silver in ore, being only £12,535,000. Gold and silver were reduced to the amount of £10,GG3,000. Including the precious metals, there foro, the continents' wool still ranks as far and away' the most important articlo supplied by us to tho mother country. And it is an industry.that no country under tho'sun can deprive us of, because of the natural facilities wo possess and the adaptability of the colonies to carry it on. v ?'-???'? *? ' ? :*??-???'. - ',*':.-.. The Presideut of the "Wesleyan Con feronco in Melbourne has givon a queer opinion , . respecting, the land " bcom" of Victoria. .It is , to be re-, rgardod,. of course, as one of the '*" good" results which sprang out of that very "evil" period.' This church dignitary says that ono of the conse quences of the smash has been to so culariso ministers. In the courso of an address he remarked "that the Church was, properly, very -jealous of any secularisation of the ministry, and yet it was hard, in these times, for , ministers to resist secularisation. The severe financial losses suffered in these colonies had told, nnd wore telling, upon the spirituality of their ministers.. Theoretically they had nothing to do but., to save souls ; practically, they: had, in a spiritual sense, to save trusts and circuits. (Laughter and applausej A minister must be energetic and re sourceful in raising money by many devices for the purpose of extricating churches from difficulties and paying off accumulated debts, or be was dis- - credited. In some cases he found that unless ho adopted special means for raising his own salary from the con gregation, he would be loft without. This should not be. (Hear, bear.) A man should not be required 1, to be a financier in order to succeed as a minister. It ought not to be an es sential quality of a a successful mini ster that he should be a man of in genuity and skill in money- raising. Tho people should do this work for themselves. (Hear, hear.) They could just as easily givo £50 without a bazaar if they chose. The instinct of buying and bargaining was touching the Church life. Unless they attended to spiritual life aud development tboir groat siiper-structuro oE machinery, Church business, conference, over sight, and review would bo but an im posing tomb, wherein would lie the bones of men and the ashes of human souls. (Applause.)" For a long time past, ministers havo ceased to rely on tho laity to hunt up thoir salaries. IE tho parsons did not bestir themselves to keep tho finances of the religious organisations healthy, they would soon be compolled to turn their attentions, to something else for a living. Thove is nothing lileo uuinaskiug these_ hard facts, and looking at thorn fairly in the faco from a business point of view! Major-General French notifies that tlio liuporial Government have ex pressed their appreciation of the spirit which prompted the New South Wajoa troops to offer themselves for active servicoon the Indian frontier, although the offer could not .bo accepted. 