A ' CUNNING PANTHER Cpt»m C. J. UelltM. 9tk Beg i men t Bombay Iifntrj. a well' kaowa banter of big gmn bis an enterUiaiag .paper in tboNovembei ' bcribaer " on panther sheeting in Central India. He baa a good deal to 'say about a panther of diabelioal. eanntag and inaaciablo appetite, Fer one whola year, be says, did I hant the Send. Innumerable were the goate I tied up m bait for him, and unflagging wsi the blood tbiratyaeas with whiok be responded by oaurs deriag aud devouring tbeoe. Innumerable were the days I toiled and cUmbired under biasing) hot noonday sua ever rooks aud boulders, andl through the jungle of the hillside, trying to get, him ; Innumerable were the weary hours I! passed en moonlight nights, up trees watohiog evor a gnat's murdered remains. . All In vnlu,: neither by day nor by night would he come.; He had takea a most eae-sidad viaw of the game.. Properly, after devouring. one of my goats, he should iu return have allowed himself to bo found : Gorged near tho Spat \ the next day, and to be diiron toward me by, the .beaters ; but be had no true senso of sport While 1 gasped under n sweltering one, fruiW tasalv huatiug fer bim among the nullaht (raviues), or sitting upon a hot boulder ef blaeb rock with the sun broiling my brains beneath my sbikar-topoo, awaited hia coming in the beat,' he must have been curled up peacefully napping in same distant shady spot, or liokiag bis ohops in nmnsod reflection at the sport he was afford ing mo. Doubtloas, too, he must have watched me as I at amid the swaying branches of tbcj slender bastard leak-tree iu Many au all-night sitting | by moonlight watching fer him, aud then dej parted, concluding that it would be wiser toj postpone finishing the remains of the gent until! I should have taken myself off. It seemed se,| fer as suroly as I did not sit up over the remains ef bis kill, so surely did he return te it that! night. | 1 must oeafou, however, ho gave me three cuanees at an early stage of our acqaaintaaco.j Ono afternoon I was watching from a tree evefi the remains of a geat he had killed tho night before. It was early in tho rains, tho day had beea a showery one, and tho snu shone with buH a plesaaut warmth. There was aatirand fresl itesi iu the juuglo about me. Animal and) vegetable life seooasd to rojoioe iu the salva lion the blessed rales had brought them, and all the oud ol tho fierce months of drought. Birds came and pocchod in the branches nbovn me in the very tree where I sat, seeming frj take no notice of the asutiowloes figure beneath them, aud hrightesed the jungle for me witk their twittering. The unusual amount that the pauther hud left of the goat showed that he had made but n mild meal for him, and was doubt less the cause of his arrival so early in the afternoon ; or it may have ben the heavy showers had disturbed him iu his. imp and the freshness of the air iaclined bias tn stroll, Whatever the cause, ho greatly 'surprised me by n very earJy arrival, and This. is What Happened. It still wanted an hour or so to sunset. I had been beguiling the time by watcbing the nervous antics of the two mongoose (wild brothers of Uudynrd Kipling's tnmous Kikki-Tikki) about) the carcase of the goat. Their first entrance on to the scoiio, on having winded the goat, was made with the ntmost caution. A pair of pointed little noses, and two pairs of sharp littler oyes first peeped out from behind seme big stones—slowly the owuers of them cmergodj - every hair of their quivering little bodies bo-l tokening tho utmoatneaso of danger antbalorH' nrso. Growing gradually-bolder, they drow near. lhe>body,'«ver keeping. the brightest loekootj all around, now and again sitting up squirrel like, listening all tbey know and " speeriag "j, about with tho sharpest eyes far sight or sound! of their daugerons neighbours ; for well thejj knew from whose meal they were about te pilfes — tkvir keen little nosss would tell them that! At length the temptation to feast grows tooj strong, and they would dive ianide the goat'4 ribs to snateh a choice morsel, only to-pop out( the noxt instant all- nerves and tropidatiea, and! then sorno imaginary alarm would eond ttaomj Hcuttiiog into the busb, then baok again oncei more, tho bolder apirit first, more nervous watch fulness again yielding to the delight of another morse!, and so en over and over again. I had almost forgotten the pauthcr ia the amused iu4 tercet I wds takiug in thn qusint little orealured ur otherwise should have paid mere attention- toj thb exulted conversation that bad been going) on among some birds in a tree not for off. Thuej Birds and Mookoya will often Warn | the jungler of the approach of a tiger— the latter especially take every opportunity le ex press by loud' booties the intensity nf their feel, ingo at tho bated presence of either of tho! dread beingo of thoir jungles. I bavo hoard,! .too, that .peculiar bark of the snmbar stag; sound again aud again in the night'sir from out of the dark jungles on tho banks of the Nor budda, as he scuds out a warniug te hia kind that ! Murderous "Stripes" is Stslkiog Near. ; | But to return to the panther. The mongoose hod grown more confident nod -their nerves less. " jumpy," when something caused me to look! down. There, some eight feet below me, alj most at tho foot of my tree, stood the panther,! a very bigfeUow, in all tbe jungle splendour of! his shining yellow coat and rioh black J rosettes. With eyes fixed on the aon| gonso, ho stood poifeotly motionless) save for a gentlo swaying ef tbe eo<9 of his toil ; bis right forearm advanced and; bead held forward below the Hue of his baoki bo looked tho very pernoniflcution ef beautiful remorseless slreugth about to work its cruel will. The twa tiny thlevoc were just at that cascnent much engrossed with the view of tbe goat's in side, petri eg aboot fer another tit-bit. Favoin atod by the beauty of the panther and inteiestnd to see what would happen, 1 could net spoil the piotnre by firing. After a moment's pausi the panther made a move forward— then n couple of silent' bounds. It was the closest thing — -only just in time the mongoose Whisked themselves off like lightniog, and fled squeaking into tho bush. The panthor disappeared rftec them, but the next aemeut bis yellow form stopped out from the greenj again into tho open. Unfortunately hls pursnit) of tho Bsengooso hid taken him np bill, thus bringing him on alovol with tho low fork of tho trao in which 1" sat. His quick eye oaught sight of me instantly, nnd bo stopped, looking up at mn. Flurried by tho idea that be would vanish on tha instant, I threw np my rifle end fired without aim. Something yellow flashod Into the bashes in silence. Missed ! 1 had, indeed, made a mnddle of it in my, desire to study natural history. Tho next timo we (net night was earning on— rain was falling, and I sat drenched and miser, able up a tree again. Suddenly, out of tbe darknusa he stalked, a dim groy shadow, ou-tc the scene. My riile rang out—the grey shadow vanished— missed again ! The third time ifc-wai gain night, but there was n fall raeon. Iam purohed in tree amid thick jungle high upon the hillside neat the crest, whence I have n wido view of n beautiful moonlit landscape lying beneath me. Suddenly, withant n sound, ' A silvery Panther, or tho Ghost ei oae, w| glides softly across the open patch or moon light, where tbe partly-devoured gnat lay— Its ferua silhouetted in vivid whiteness agaiost the block shade «r the surrounding bush. "Oan'( miss this timo," I thought, as I levelled my rifle at him, But I did ; and lot only those wfcg know what it is to aim by mosnlighb east tbf flrvfc fltoen. At last his Tata overtook bim. 