ODDS AND ENDS. (By Quip.) The servant girl problem is again agitating the iniuds of those ladies who object to dusting their own furniture, or to oooking their own dinners. According to the Sydney naiieiE, tlits ekes of young ladies is at urgent above par, even the induce muins 'of 15 bob a weik, and 'keep,' laili,,e to ensuie a supply equal to m._ j',.»,inl] It ie (mid the vounc wo&en; nil fir serving behind the hotel bars or shop counts to taking rank as ' generals.' As tUe wo first mentioned occupations bring women nearer unto man than the last, this mjnbt have something to do with the situ ation, iou can't blame the nvorage girl tor hankering afltr a position where she will be hl.tc id minister to the thirsty wants of the iiuuii-b«ionablc 'Johnny,' the while the =atiau= her own love of admiration by li-i'--iii'tS 'o tbo sweet nothings which always form jiart of the vocabulary of tboee young men who have a penchant for seeking the =ociuty of fascinating women. Of course if two young men, without encumbrance, «hu i-'ive every night off and an occasional iiai. decide to star; housekeeping they have no lack of aspirants for the honor of ' running' their p ace. But then there is no liidv in the question except the one who ket'iJE house, and she never turns on herself. A modern miracle worker has been dis tovirul uniong the rapidly decreasing etocli of Mooris. He bad, so it i8 averred, bul ceeJel in li-iugius a young girl hack to this woilJ uf wop, after 6ho had been (not too lii inly, it Femis) eslabliihed in the woild of liiisi. A Maori Irnd hetn in the habit of aliening his fellov-countrymen to king .loin conn- by ' Makula.' While the tribe were pci forming a ' tangi' over the ' dead' (iciu'y tlie prophet eaine on the Ecene, and performing a ' Karaki' incantation — an e.iuivaiiiit to 'the maiden is not dead, but sleepetir--told the girl to ri6e, which the did to the astonishment of all present. The giil -!id not go beyond the bald statement that the bad been to Te Rangi (the heaveus), which was, perhaps, just as well, Anyhow, considering the difficulties which beset the average Christian in his efforts to reach that disnul abode uf the blest, that girl (if she ia a Christian | ought to have a good ground for latins; action against the resurrectionist, and muli- iinp him in heavy damages, too, for thus preventing her from participating in the eternal joy which she may now miss through having been thus rudFiy recalled. Still, it might be said that if a person is fool enough to le.ive Heaven after getting there they shoulil put up with whatever after conse .juencts may ensue. And, certainly, if a person thus gives up the ' eternal joy' biiBi ness, tlius libelling that happy hunting KrounJ. it seems ' a guinea to a gooseberry' that ilii-ie will be no possibility of readmis sicm. The girl subsequently repented, and sought re admission. Quip hopes she gained it without resort to any troublous device. T4ic I'*sboda trouble is over without any thing worse resulting than the expending of a f -w extra thousands by both France and England in the endeavour on the part of t.icl! notion io show the other tbat ihe national interests of the country would a! nays be religiously safeguarded. There w:i.-nccoi(lingly a general mobilisation, theruit was scraped off the mufiets ; tbo cannon Mil maxims were rubbed over with a ' rliui.l; of hog's lard ; the gunpowder n,,i spiead out to dry, and the little ;in suords were polished ou the regulation ?? kuif-: cleaner.' The barnacles were scraped uli' ; he hulls of the battle-ships, and each nan. 'i] 'lid its best to prove to the other tbat it was no uso to think of fighting unless utter aimiiiil.aion was a thing to be desired. It il Justus well, however, for the Bake of tha ii.n.n d the two notions that nothing but t i.k ^suited. There might be some reasons lu I- advanced why it wae necessary to spc 1 a million or two, and sacrificing ih./..;jndb uf human lives, over a patch of ,!? - it ..mi a few mud huts in the interior of Afr.i.u. but as far as Quip is concerned he liiA-sift want to hear them. It reminds him too much of the time when he was a boy and i u^bt a school fellow for two hours to ;ee v.Iim would be the possessor of a marble, worth about a fanning, and after getting iii-k-d cot thrashed by an irate parent for I'lTi-miing against the moral code, and was sent to bed Eupperless into the bargain. Fighting is a silly game anyhow. It - jsi Mr. Hooley Eotnething like £12,000 to Income a member of the swell club of Knt-'laii'l. l'oor Hooley ! Twelve thousands d u-junds for the privilege of rubbing shoulders with the nobility, and allowing the ?d,-,iks,' ' maikUes ' and 'earU,' which fi-i|.;i-ntcil tbat loney establishment, to lamb bim Jo»n occasionally to the tune of a few , thousands more. It almost reminds one of ? ' r!i» ii.ijs when baronetcies were hawked round at a thousand quid apiece. No doubtt if Ernest Terah could have kept afloat fo n uliila liliinul* lia U'nllM linufl fmmd (iifntlAlf rejoicing in the apellation of the 'Dukeo' Bovril,' or the 'Marquis of liubberlire,1' and might even have succeeded in marrying some of his relations to a ecion of the House i f Wales. It seems that Hooley laid himself out to get in with the inner swell circle, lriespcctive of what it cost him, but it turned cut that (he patrician members of the British upper i rust were too much for even Hooley's millions to satiate, and niter bleeding him dry they spurned him once more into tbt circle occupied by 'the beaitly lowab ordabe, duii'tchirknow,' from which point Mr. Hu.'lt-v is doing bis best (and apparently sucireJinci to give his erstwhile confederates a derru'd good showing up. In Quip's opinion it is a toss up wuicn party is the more despicable, the sycophantic Hooley, or the haughty aristocrats who made a uhow of tolerating him, just for the purpose of ^tiling borne of hi6 ' filthy lucre ' into their patrician paws. A schoolboy is credited with writing the following: — Titus was a Roman Emperor, supposed to have written the 'Epistle of the Hebrews.' His other name was Oates. Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into piison for his Interference in Ireland. Whin he was in prison he wrote 'The Pilgrim's Progress,' and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shen. Wolsey was a famous general who fought in the Crimean War, and who. after being decapitated several times, said to Cromwell, 'Ah, ill had only eerved you in you have served me, I would not have been deserted ill my old age ! ' Wesley was the founder of the WesleyaD Chapel, who nut; afterwards called Lord Wellington. A monument was erected to him ia Hyde Park, hut it hae been taken down lately. Hamlet »-; weak-minded ; fond of study. But waB too weak to fulfil bis duty which the ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He profanes madness, he really only puts it on, but some people say be was luad. One day wben he was fighting, the kir.g ubktr him if he would have something tu i: ink. and he had put poison in it, and Hainliu said he would wait, the queen took it and ihcn she falls down dead. Hamlet immediately stabs bis father and drinks tbe poison and dies. Explain tbe words fort and /unices : A fort is a place to put men in, and a fuitreee is a place to put women in. Tbe two chitf volcanoes in Europe : Sodom and Gomorrah. 