The Story of Apache Kid. I Apache Kid, the worst Indian that ever the war trail, ls supposed to have died son where among the Arizona Mountains, For 1 last eight years he has been the terror of s< tiers' along both sides of the Mexican frontl Nearly always alone, he has murdered evt white man, woman, or child he could kill wit out danger to himself. The United States G vernment and that of Mexico have spent hu dreds of thousands of dollars and scores of si diers' lives In his pursuit, but they never roun ed up Apache Kid. He was the best rifle si on the San Carlos Reservation when he first to the warpáth, and he was as cunning as his a was deadly and his hate of the white man nen He lived like a tiger, lying in walt on lon« trails for his prey, and murdering for the mc lust of blood. Seven thousand dollars was c fered on his head, but the reward was nev claimed. A newspaper correspondent, writing frc Phoenix, in Arizona, says:-It is over a year nc since the body of murdered man or wom¡ brought dread word to the world of his actlvit and no such period has elapsed before since K arid his fellow murderers on their way to ex cution slew their guards and escaped to t . mountains, and that was ten years ago. The frontier has reason to pray that the ta ,of his death is true. For years he has been terrifying ghost In the mountains and on tl plains of Southern Arizona and Northern Mexlc His business has been murder, his sport a sassination. The armies of two great countrl have warred with him, and the graves of tho who were sent against him are as plenty as tl graves of those he has slain while they sie] or while they travelled unconscious of his nea; ness. His life has been that of a tiger, not of a ma During years there has been hardly a day wh« he was not the dangerous quarry for which me hunted. A price was put upon his head, ar man-hunters from civil life left their vocatioi to try and win £1400 that was bid for his Hf Civil officers and soldiers-he hates them al And neither the men in uniform nor the men 1 plain clothes have ever been able to capture ( , kill him. While they brought his brothers to follow h trail over a desert he murdered behind then When they sought him there they heard of hil twenty leagues away, shooting a- teamster froi ambush beside the road, braining a child th* had wandered from a ranch house, cutting tl throat of a woman who waa alone in a cabin. Nobody knows how many lives he took. Th pigeon holes of the War Department hold th musty vouchers for hundreds of thousands < dollars spent in the vain attempt to slay thl spectre of the desert. On the other side c the Rio Grande, the Mexicans have the same soi of story of failure told by archives and militar reports. In his war with two great nations . Apache Kid stands victor. The reason for the belief in the death of Ap ache Kid is the report of two prospectors. Bur . nett and Bonsall, who found the cave in th Superstition Mountain that sheltered him durin some of his disappearances. Several times th soldiers pressed him close in ' the Superstitio Mountains, but there always came a time -who no more footprints could be found, and the sol diers had to return to their posts with the usua tale of unsuccess. The prospectors watched the \hole for month for the coming of the man wolf who denne i there. He did not come, and they at last ven tured into the hole and explored its entire ex . tent. They found old evidences of Its occu paney, but their Judgment was that no mai had passed in or out of that cave since the- bij rains a year ago. It was an ideal' stronghold for a haunted man The only entrance to it was on an almost per pendicular bluff that overlooked the country fo miles. One man with a rifle could hold the plací against an army as long as his ammunitioi held out. Where the Kid died, if dead he is, no man cat say. He knew how it would delight his encmie¡ to know of his death, and he had wit enough t< hide himself if he felt death coming. The story of Apache Kid's career is told by on( of the officials of the San Carlos Indian Agency He writes: Up to 1888 Apache Kid was as well behaved an Indian as ever came on to this reser vation. He was a scout and trailer undei General Crooke, and helped that officer to rur his kinsman Geronimo to earth in the Sierra Madre. He grew up on the reservation like any other Apache boy, and the only attention he attracted during the first twenty-five years of his life was because of his wonderful prowess with bow and arrow and with the rifle. When he was 13 years old he could outshoot any Indian on the reservation, and he was frequently called up to show his skill before distinguished visitors. When he grew up he naturally went into the scouts, and behaved himself; that is, he helped the whites to hunt his people to death whenever he was so commanded by Chief of Scouts Al Tiaber. The Kid rose to be sergeant of scouts. Tn 1888 a Pirna Indian killed the Kid's grand father, and he asked his chief for leave of absence long enough to kill the Pirna. A refusal to permit this departure was as if a business man should refuse an employee a day's leave to attend his mother's funeral. Sleber made the request the text for a sermon on the wrongfulness of killing, even though ten centuries of ancestors commanded that lt be done, and refused the re quest. Apache Kid went off without leave, taking the scouts of his squad with him, killed the Pirna, and reported back for duty. He was arrested, but escaped the same night, and with a few In dians started for Old Mexico. In the Gealluro Mountains the fugitives came upon two prospec tors digging on a claim. The Indians crept to the mouth of the shaft where the white men were digging, and shot them. But the soldiers were elise behind them. They were cut off from Old Mexico, and, doubling on their trail, came back to the reservation, where they were again ar rested. Several of the band were hanged for murder, but Kid and four others were court-mar tialled. and sentenced to imprisonment in the military prison in Alcatraz Island, in San Fran cisco Bay. Kid during his journey through California got a clear idea of the numbers of the white man. He saw San Francisco and the brick forts and the big batteries on Alcatraz before he was locked up there. President Cleveland pardoned Kid out of prl soa, and returned him to the reservation. But the civil authorities of Arizona did not like the idea of an Indian guilty of as cold-blooded a mur der as that of the two prospectors, and the Grand Jury indicted Apache Kid for murder. Gras Juries we are not on the Indian*' booka, All civ! precesses are mysferiea to them, Indeed, Ki could never understand why he waa let out c Alcatraz, It waa a new way of making war t him. Well, the civil authorities ran Kid through th court mill like any other criminal, found hit guilty, and sentenced him to be hanged. Sheril Glen Reynolds, with a deputy and a teamstej started for Yuma to deliver these prisoners an a Mexican at the penitentiary. This was in No vern ber, 1889. The outfit came to a hard piece o road, and Sheriff Reynolds made, all his prisoner: but one lame one, walk. They were shackled i: couples, and the sheriff and his deputy walkei with them. The lame Indian was left in the wag gon, guarded by the teamster. Suddenly the shackled prisoners sprang upo: their two guards. At the same moment the lam Indian snatched the pistol from the teamster am shot him in the face. The sheriff and his deput; were beaten to death with stones. The story was told by the Mexican prisoner who escaped before the Apaches had got rid o their shackles. They found the keys to the irons in the sheriff'] pocket. They took all the money the dead me] had, and with this and the white men's arms the; fled to the mountains. Here begins the- real story of the life of thi¡ human tiger. With his fellow prisoners, a ban< of cut-throats, under a devil's leadership, the; raided back and forth across the Mexican frontier killing men and torturing women, while the sol diera and a volunteer corps of a hundred cowboyi chased the band until their horses dropped undo; them. Others took up the hunt, and pressed th< Indians so closely that they had to scatter. Mos of them drifted back to the reservation, but Kio never came In. Two years after his break he sw.ooped down or the outskirts of the reservation, ¿and carried ofi a young squaw. He kept her in the mountains with him, and she saw thc awful wreaking oJ hate for two years, when she escaped and returnee to the reservation. Since that time he has stolen several women, sometimes killing the bucks to whom they be longed; but no other squaw has ever returned. Another correspondent, writing from Deeming, f cattle-raising centre in New Mexico, cays: L Apache Kid ls really dead, the peoiple hereaboul will feel as if a ourse had been raised from th« country. The ranges a¡nd mountains to the couth and wesl of us have been the ground for hie devilish hunt ing. Many a poor cowboy loping lazily across thc range has reeled from his saddle and fallen bo the wire grass with a bullet through his back, because Apache Kid hated all mankind. It was down near Shakespeare, three years agio, that Frank P. Jarvis, driv ing with his young wife and baby, rail into one of Kid's ambushes. When they were found the three were dead In a buggy to gether. The horses had been hamstrung and left hitched bo the rig. A day or two later Kid came boldly into a cabin on the Gila and demanded cart ridges.** He told the men there, who did not dare attempt to kill bim, that he had shot the white men in the buggy, but before he could reach the outfit the dying man had blown out the brains of the woman and child to keep them out of hie hands. For eight years soldiers from Fort Wingate, Fort Huachuca, Fort Grant, and Fort Bowie haye chased Kid through this country. Lieutenant Bean and a small detachment ran into Kid with a few braves at the toot of the Santa Rita Moun tains. It was just about dark, a>nd the Apaches scattered among the rocks and fired down on the soldiers. Kid kept shouting English and Span ish oaths at the soldiera when he was not firing. One or bwo cf the soldiers were killed, and one dead Indian was found aimioug the rock* when Bean's party crawled up to them next morning, but Kid and the remainder of the gang were gone. I This was about as near as they ever got to . him. They have often found hie winded horses ham ? strung on the trail as they followed him. He j would not shoot them, because he never wastes a j cartridge, and. being an Apache, he never kills mercifully if he can torture. The tale of his devilry is long and diversified. Two years agio he was seen near the railroad, and a bunch of soldiers were out after him. They did j not find him, but near L-ordeburg, where he had I been reported, they found the body of a 10-yea.r old boy, who had strayed from tewn. Kid had j swung the little fellow; and smashed his bead against the rails of the track, j Dike aW the Apaches, he talks Spanish, and passes readily for a Mexican. So he has coane In [ bo towns where he is not known to buy cartridges, and once or twice he has gone to work as a va quero on cattle ranges. He worked for one out fit for two weeks without being discovered. Then i he was sent out with two other cowboys tc a spring corral In the foothills to round up cattle, j They did not return, and a search resulted in a ' discovery oí his two companions lying In their blankets with their throats cut. Their horace were there with their eytß punched out. The Kid, on his own mount, and with the arms and am munition of the two cowboys, was, of course, gone, and he was not heard of again until he shot a rancher '.ip on Salt River. The rancher came to bis cabin door in the morning and fell dead on the threshold. The rancher's partner fired through the windo'w al the brush where ride smoke was rising, and saw the Indian slink away. Kid never hunts a fight or kills with danger to himself, for to murder in safety is the Apaches' first war law, and Kid was an Apache to the last drop of his blood. 