CCHAPTERt XXXVI.-TIIE MIYSTE RlOUS HORSEMAN; The return of the rescue party with out Lieutenant Seaford and Cody gave all at the fort an attack of blues. There were not two more, popular men in the army than Seaford and the chief of scouts, and not only was dread felt. by one and all that they had been killed, but also that'they had been captured; for that was even worse than death, for it was well-known how the Indians would delight in torturing their prisoners after their terribly unfortunate attack and overwhelming defeat. So, with another storm upon them, all in the fort saw night come on with grief in their hearts, and the missing ones were talked of around every fireplace that night in the little cabin homes. The three scouts who had seemed to share the fate of Cody and the. young officers-for.their bodies had: not :.been found-were, good men - and: true, and they had:warm friends among their comrades. ' - - -The.winds that night seemed to howl more mournfully than ever, and:' the pines-sighed dismally, all nature seem ing to sound a requiem for the lost ones. But in spite of the storm; the.cold, the swdepitng winds and'driving snow, there was an alarm from the main gate of the stockade. It wa- midnight, and the sentry there, though not'looking-for an attack, was one who always kept wide awake upon his post of duty. , In fact, he had. not had time to go to sleep if he had wished to, as the chief guard 'had just gone the rounds and left him there. ' H: e looked out over the fields of.snbow rubbed his eyes, and looked.agaln. Then he shaded his eyes, stepped out of tht sentry-box that protected him, And. looked long and earnestly. HIf pinched hiiself to make sure that he was not dreaming, and then loud and wildly rang out his cry of alarm: '"CO?poral of theguardt Pojt -umber One! It's a'ghostl '-It'sa ghost!" What lie saw was a white horse and a rider enveloped In a snowy mantle that looked like a shroud. In that weird light that is always seen in a snowstorm at night he distinctly saw the horse and rider, The phantom like horseman was almost' beneath him and coming directly towards the gate way. At the cry of the sentry the horse had bounded forward, the horseman had waved his arms and ridden straight to' the gate, halted an instant, and, wheel ing, had dashed away. The'startled guard had come at a rush for Post Num ber One, and the sentinel,' brave but. superstitious, ha.d reported what he hid sW'hy did you not fire at him, you stupid fool?" asked the officer of the day, who had run out of the guard-house without his storm-coat in his alarm. "No, sir. I'd never fire on the like of out near the gate, went to the stockade wall and passed through a narrow door in it. Ills lantern revealed the tracks of a horse in the deep Snow, and so recently made that they were perfectly fresh. They led directly to the gate, and there turned and retraced their way. Wheeling his lantern about, the officer's keen eye fell upon a white spot upon the gate. At first he supposed it was a drift of snow resting there, but a second look showed him that it was a piece of paper. It was fastened to the gate by a pen knife, the blade driven through it into, the wood. Instantly tile officer removed the paper, and, passing into the fort again, returned to the guard-house and examined what he had found. It was a sealed envelope'and addressed to Colonel Ferris. At once the officer started with his iascovery to Colonel erriTs's quarters, atte. sending a sergeant on the rounds to see that every sentinel as' on- the watch, forihe did not'know what. might fol0o1w this Ilnystrious visit., of the ghostly-looking horseman. - 