[?] Y 'I'm: aldermanic elections aro over. Thoy closed with u wild whirl of bloodshod and nbuso at Granvillo, whoro an cloctod and p. defeated caudidatu adjourned istrnight f rtnii tho polling-booth and fought tboir little difference off iti a way that would have dono credit to tho rival captains of tho Gippis ami Stiasiix kI.p'-i i-inho3. Moist Huburhiiu municipal gui. .-;?' nowadays result in 11 ri:-u in tho prico ot boelaioaiti;, which ii ro invaluable to Made oyofl, and it looks aa if tho mind of tho City Council was about to bo ' Harrisod ' to madness by questions sensational and oxciting. All thin limo tho ratepayers of Now South Willed urog lily footing tho municipal bilU. Tlioro is perpetual fcrouhlo in tho Soudan. Siniiu tho opening of tlio '/oo on oundiiysa greater amount of patriotiRin him boon unguiidoiod in tho mind of young Australia, and another voltuttoor inovummib would moot with strong public support, especially as Voting Au-ftralid aforesaid, caving knocked spots off tho lOnglish oriel; otorK, in spoiling to bIioiv its protreas ill anothor field. ? * A fow inoro of those infornal war soaroa and 1 ahull go to Paraguay. Fancy a follow'ii noivoa being all rattled up aftor a hard day's toil by luinouneomnnts in tlio ovouitig pupora Unit tho Paddtngton, wurriorn aro undor arms. Tho country ia getting unlit for poaeoablo pnoplo to livo in. Napoleon h'.vl a habit of hanging hia comniuHaiioj. 1 would voto to hanuafow cablo liars and imitiufucturura of war canards. ? « ? It (seems to mo that tho bicyclo is going out of fashion. In all tho accouutu of rcoont busili fires ovor tho othor colonies I cannot tind ono instauoo ivhero a gallant cycliiit, dashing inlo tho fltiinoa, picked up an inaouaiblo woman, laid hor prostrate ll.stono form across hia improved patent, and vodointo thu nearest watorholo to thunders of npplauHn. 1 cannot ovou find whoro ouo burnt-out Ki.'ttlor ofscapud on bin biko. Is it that tin) bicycle is not adapted to tho physical formation of tho country, or did tho intoiuo boat mult off all tho tyros? Itiiid on rivorn baa boon a foaturo of tlio Federal meeting, which has boon dovotod largely to eonisidoring tho complex quoatiou of irrigation vorisiu navigation. Australian rivers, unlike Australian railways, aro nil ouo gauge, and lako no notico of border lino.'i. If thobn colonies aro to bo convorlod into ono nation (and in npito of Atlornoy Uonoral J, Want they will be sooner or lator), tho trifl - of a iittlo oxtra rivor trmlo iiccruing to iiuothor proviuco ought not to cnuao tho I.''odi-rnl patriots of Now South. Wsiloa such pnin. Mr, Reid nooa nothing, only tho fulfilment of a ' gloriou.i prin ciple,' in allowing Victorian gooda ovur tho Murray duty froo, what matlor than if undor Kodomtiou fjouoti'iUimi goods como nji tho Murray ? Consultancy, thy niitiio has novor booti Qoorgo lioid. ? * V I whoop to hoar that the Mayor of Sydnoy him put hid foot through Oovornor Phillip'u bonus. Thiti nipa in thu bit I a patriotic attempt on tho part of a panion lit JJ/ilh (JOuglaud) and some othor func tionaries of that town to blood thia colony fora 'Hiiitablo mumoriiil ' of local inanu fnctiiri). Wo havo I'liillip in bron/.o in tho Botanic Gardens, and tho ilrnt voluiuo of tho official hintory of Now South Waloa in all Phillip, and wo havo Phillip-atre.ot, and l'ort 1'hilli)), and Phillip Park, and if Pliil lip'ti ghortt in not plaoatod by that lot it in a regular agitator of n ghost, ami should ho put uuuor ruatnviut. What has Phillip dono for tho country, anyhow ? Ho wan u. \- vory ordinavy navigator, with a nooo liko u cajKitnn bar, and bo i\i;tod an gonoral ovor duor to a consignment of wrotohud convicta mul blaclcguiird noldiory, of whom ho hung iiomn and iloggod othorn, and Inn ])ago in history i« lit tho bont anything but ono of whioli wo nhoiild bo proud. Whatovor oliinato ho oujnyn at pronout cannot bo any liottor or morn luilphuroua than tho ouo ho figurod in at old Botany Bay, ? ? » Complaintn linvo bonn made by roaidontii nour tho Nowtoivit l'olioo Station of tho iinnoynnoo oaunod by tho conduct of re fritolory liniiitieii ooiiilDod in tho polioo colln. Thonri Noivtown rooidouls havo good aoaioti to objmb. It io disturbing to nor voun uitiK.iiiio wlion in tho muldlo of th' jiiglit (ho yollif of oonio ox-aldorman or otlior pwiison of uuHOund mlud walto thom out of tbolr nlnmbnrn. No man ourou to bo nrounod aftor a nuppor of ououiuborn by lili)Oll.i)Ui'()liii|f bov/li) echoing through tho ntllly night, promiodlng apparently from ono iinfortunato wrotuh on whom novou nouior conafablon and iv oiih-innpoctor i\ro flittinif vlolontly. Slnco Jloid lloatod liia hwh Joan tho mimbor of lunation lino inoro/Kioil oijorraoinily, nud tho anthoritlna omthfc really to provido nndorground mriilt-'d colJu boforo tlio (joiioml oleotloim, nn tharo in a possibility of tho Lnbov party QomUtfi hack nftidn, *B«*B*W*»M-'«rt»**«»W»i«i«i»-«-n«««»««MW*M'''IT'^'lil'¥ ? ,»««H*«mi«l»t ? ai 1,mi Tho Sydnoy Ilonlth authoritios aro growl ing becauau tlio Health Olllcera of tho other coloniuo pormitted tho Calodomon to como along to Sydney with hor cargo of small pox unnoticed. Tun Aiutow considera that llieso guntloinon are Having their colony's oxchcqttnr in a highly patriotic fashion. (Juarantooniug jiuoplo and Hhipo costa tuuiioy, and tlio Allmtiy people Imow tlioy can just lot thiDio umallpox fihipa through and good old Nuif Soutli Wnluu, which ia being run for tho houolit of tlio world goncrally, will jwiy tho wliolo pipor aa usual. 'Tho Hindoos on thn Northern RUgar fluids havo taken to colubrating pay day in tho ciiBtomur.v bunh f.isliion. A gang of cuttors paid off yesterday at AlBtonvilloivll got drunk. If tho wily Hindoo TakoB a nloovur or two. It's nothing to kick up u row forj A margin of sin, Spito his .ikii'lcrios.s of ekin,. Wo think that our Prosa might allow for. Though our brother is browu, Outaido 'ti.n writ down, That inside bu'd tho same us oursolvoa, friondd ; And ho blinks rind ho winkn (Liko our.solvcri) at tho driuka In a row on tho publicim's shelves, friouds. Thoy lovo, in tlio Knsfc, And thuro'a reaaou at loiwt, To boliuvo that thoy fight ivud thoy driuk, too. So tho oxilo Hindoo Fills up with a fow And pays for tho tinmo with bin jink, too. m m ♦ Tho official roporta of tho coming sugar aeiisou in Queonaland uroof a highly hopo ful character, and it in oxpoctud that tho yield will (surpass all previous records. Mr. Keid him buuu tlio best frioud tho Quooiiahind sugar-groivora ovor had. Thoy fiwour by Goorgoand I/'ruutrmlo (forN.S. W.) in tho far North, lioid claims to bo tho vrorkinging-nmn's frioud, and ho ban boim kopt in power for throo yuai-o by a pack of political mongnilo, yclopt a ' habor Party ;' hut it wan lloid who for the firtit tinui in tho hiatory of wliito civiliHiitiou degraded white men bolow tho lovol of negro slaves by forcing thom to uhiftaaud for their food, and it in lioid, tlin wliito man's friond (!) alao (?) who hna killud nugar-growing in tlio only country in tho world where faugar was grown with wliilo labor. Tiio Yaukowi uvo building tlio boss cannon of tho world. Tho barrel of thia toy, which ia iiiloiidml for tho dufonco of Now York hurbor, will be OUft long, and iln nuigo i.s lixml at. 10 milu.-i. No ironclad niloat could poHHibly reaiut it. In tho ovont of gonoml i/jir tho (safest placo in tho two liomidphoiu.'i would bo under that Kim. As nho ia calculatod to uaii ovor iv thoiiRUud poiuula of powdor for oach abot, n. patriotic Amoiican millionaire might iiro hia fortune out of hor in a two duyn' ongagoinont. If ono had a ahooter liko that on North Iluad it would be good for uh, but wo would havo to iiro hor by public nubacription, or float another loan, because tho proaout condition of tho Tronaury would not jioriuit gun practice at the prico, Tho managoni of local thuntron bavo uhoivod rathor moro coiiHidomtion for tlio godu than that ]-art of their audiencoa liavo ovor buon jimtly ontitled to. Tlio godis, with traditional lioklonoas, rtictj)ro cato gouorally to tliiti kind Ireatinniit with blackguardiiiin of the moaueat charactor. As tho goda conntitulo tbo moat incouao quential unction of an audience, and an thoy pay tho lowoat prico and oxpoot tho in on t for thoir monoy, thoro nhoiild bo an oiid of thin pandering to tho bruto up ntairn. Tho affair at tho Tivoli tho othoi' ovonlng, in whioli tho mongrol olomiMit rondorod it impomsiblc for an artiat of Mr, Nowbury'ii litanding to appoar, ought to bo tho last ntmvi\ Iiarrililuinin in not tolorntcid in tlio ntrootii. Why nliould it bo pormitted liudor tho roof of ft thoiktro whoro pooplo go for thoir rocroation and amunoment P A Wavorloy Oitbrimn wnn ilnod at tlio local polico court on Tuciday for not im mediately having hiti oab diiiinfoatiid nftor it had boim imoiI for convoying n pornon (iiiffdcing from diphfchoriii to tlio honpitnl In order to onmuo thorough dininfection, ovory Kalmmn ought to bo mi|)|(]iinl with n hottlo of chloride of limo by tho Traiuiit .Hoard, and (svery timo ho convoynd n iiniin l»ir of t.hi) Ministry, or a city aldormau, or l\ onrtalu nociul dignitary, or n oortain judgn, and uomo nthor ponplo nnywhoro, ho nhould bo compalloil to glvo bin vohlolo a jiooded diiiiul'eotlng, and do it thoroughly. A dead and gono juilgo ivied to loll fclio ill ory. — Tho court wan crowded, Tho judge glanced fiharply at tho priiionor in tho dock, and unkiul i 'Havoyou anything to nay P' ' Yea | I nm engaged to bo married. ]loon ougagod for tho last ton yoarn,' ' Why iiro you not nwrriod P' 'Bnoiunio' (ftggrhirc'.lly) ' wo'vo nnvor boon out of f[nol logothor. 8ho comna out to-morrow,' 