NOVELIST. THE Crime of a Countess; OR, Tbo American Detective and tbe Russian Nihilist. By NICK CARTER. | CilAPl'Elt XXV. i A It ACE l'Olt A LIFE. Wat loft the pslaco as rapidly as ho dared, imi at thecntraneu had the satisfaction, if it was, one, of seeing Soiia just driviug away in the cnriinge of the iirand duke. He did not know where she was going, hut, with tho hatred in her heart for poor Vera, the chances were that sho would go at once to tiic fortress, to have tho Czar's cruel order executed. It would not do undor the circumstance to run the risk of her not going, so ho found a hnuk as quickly a3 he could and bade tho driver to make his best speed to a point near tbo quarry. Giving tho man several roubles as an in ducement to hurry he sat back in the vehicle und eagerly watched fur some sign of Solla, who had by this time passed out of his tight. lie soon enma upon hor as she was not driving with any great haste, but he knew ho must pass her if he hoped to roach' the for tress in time to be of any use to Vera. 1 1 was literally a race for u life that he was engaged iu, and as yet the odds were seriously tg.'dnst hi'm. But nil tho time as bo rode bo was thinking end thinking. It seemed as if there was nothing to'do but mako the best speed he could and trust that he would bu in time. But it never suited Wat to leave anything . . , .to chonco He preferred to have all-things under a careful direction where it was pos- tib'e. He must have, nt least, lialf-an-hour start of Sufin, or it was more than likely that he would not be ablo to save Vera, And save her be was determined; if it was in tho power of man. How could be get half-an-hour ahead of' to ia ? . f . ' There she was, an alert; vengeful woman, riding behind a pair of the most spirited and fleet horses in all St. Fetor- sourg. ' It no should make the least show of pas sing her sho would bo most likely to have I om : suspicion that tlicra was something wru ig, and then be would bo distanced in u twinkling. Even to get there at tbo same time would be as had as not gutting there at all. tiiuce it was at tho best a risk, be bad better make an attempt now. Ho leaned bis bead oat of the window. » Driver!" "Yes, sir." "Do you see that carriage ahead I" "Tho grand duke's? Yes, sir." " Gatcb it. I want to speak to the occu pant." Thcdriver whipped his horses, nnd as tbey went along Wat made a fuw changes in his face, so that in case tbe countess should re member him as having been in tbc ante chamber with Grosser she would be de ceived. Tho result proved that Wat's fears in enso of tryiug to pass the countess were not' foolish. No sooner did the sound of tbo horses' feot behind her reach her ears than sbe leaned out nnd looked bnck at tbe pursuing car riage, Wat was prepared for this, and instantly waved his bnndkorcbief. Sofla,- after n moment of indecision, spoko to her driver, and ha druw up. Wat was moved to udmiration of tho woman's quick wit when be saw that tbo driver, at a word from lior, turned his burses su that tbey blocked tbo way across the street, for they were still In tbo out- skirls of the town, Wat's driver draw up near tbc other ear- ringo,. and Wat jumped out with overy nppenrancc of linste, nnd, first throwing a handful of roubles to the driver, ran over to where Sofia sat, regarding him with, a stern: air of suspicion, "The grnnd dulto wished me to say," whispered Wat, breathlessly, ('to please hurry to tho foi trees nnd transact your business tlioro ns quickly as possible,, as Uressor has been received by his mnster and was making an impression on him ;. also, to jeml his carriage hack without keoplng it a minute, as ho wished not to bavo bis part, know It possible." " Who arc yuii I" dm, landed Soda. ' . . " A oimflilenlial equerry in his service, and ono of the initiated," asswerod Wat, under his breath. , "Very well," answered Sofia. . But Wat, without seeming to notice hor looks, sprang with grunt agility to the driver's seat and settled himself, as if that was what he had hcon hidden to do. : Sofia t.ioked for a moment nB it sbe wonld order lilr.i down, but thinking better of It, hade too driver hurry. The la lie.- did so, and Wnt sat by bis sido as carelessly r.s if lie had nothing at Btake in tbo iwto of this drive. As for Sods, eho soon forgot tho man on . thefcjx, »ad, buried in bor own thoughts, i.vpj.v.l the floor of the carriage impatiently v.-it n her font; " 'dolt her 1" she said, at lost. And V,' at, who bad been studying how ho . vbjtl-l n.aVx a 'beginning, caught at tho ' opn-'-'ofdly A't'l r-pskted to the driver ; " U 'Mow I" <; At; the same time be snatched the'wbip from the man's band and brought it down with a cruel cut on tho two horses. ' "What are you doing?" exclaimed tbo driver, and then his attention was takon up with trying to calm the fiery animals, little used to suoh treatment. ' Sofia had not seen Wat's action, and only knew that tho animals were.becoming un manageable. But she was too much accustomed to horses to bcooma alarmed, and only held more firmly to tbe side of the carriage. Again Wat brought the whip down on tbe angry horses, and this tlmo thoy fairly leaped into tbo air, and taking tho bits into their teeth, broke into a mad gallop. The driver bad only timo for n reproach ful glance at - Wat, and tbon began that bopclcss sawing at the bits' which ib bo familiar to every spectator of a runaway team. < Sofia now saw that tbe horses bad become unmanageable, and though she turned a little pale, said nothing but waited for what would happen. " Give me the reins," said Wat, taking tbcm by main force from tho hands of the frightened driver. . Wat siaokonod the. reins as if to take a better bold, nnd the horses feeling tbo free dom became more outrageous. The carriage rocked sad swayed in a frightful mituncr. ' - . The driver in his alarm made ready to leap from tbo box, but Wat bado him keep bis sent in such a tone that tbe man obeyed him. A little farther on, Wat saw a ditch at tbo side of the road, and toward it he directed tbe furious borses. Too mad to notice whore they wore going, tbey plunged right into it, and in an instant the wholo equipage was a wreck. Fortunately, nobody was severely hurt, as Wat made baste to ascertain. The driver was indeed stunned, but tbe eountesB was only frightened, nnd Wat hat) no difficulty in extricating her' from tbo ruins of tbo carriage.' And, except for a few bruises, the borses wero not materially injured. Witb an appearance of great efficiency. Wat worked himself, and directed the people who .decked around, until be bad got one horse free. llo bad cut tho harness all to pieces in bis efforts to get tbe struggling animal out of the ditch, so that all it bad on was the bridle. The driver by this time had recovered his witB, and was loudly upbraiding Wat for tho mischief ho bad done. Suda, who bod been watching Wat witb hardly restrained wrath, no sooner heard the driver's words than a quick suspicion seized bcr, nnd, with wrathful eyes, she sprang to ward bim, uud exclaimed : 'You say it was bis fault ?" " Y'es, madam ; bo took the whip from mo nnd luuliud the horses until, tbey wero furious." ' ' Wnt had kept bis eyes on the countess all tbo time, and now, as bo saw her turn angrily to some of tbc men, as if to order tbera, be spraug on tho horse he had freed. " 1 will go for help, madam 1" he shouted, as bo put heels to tho horse, and went away in tbe direction of the fortress. Tho other horse by this time had been freed, nnd was standing, trembling, with tbo harness banging on it all awry., ' Wat, looking around, saw the countess by tbe side of the home, tearing the harness from his back. " As I llvo, I believe sbe is going to have rao followed. No — she is going to follow me herself. Sho will not trust anybody but herself to carry tbe message of death." He was right. The countess bad grasped tbo Idea that it was a ruse to deprive her of her revenge, obtained at such a cost, and, like tho fury she whs, had determined to ride the horse herself rather than run tho risk of losing whnt was, after bcr love for Ivan, tho dearest passion of her heart. Wat saw her monnted on .her horse, and saw bcr set outat fullgallopaftcrhim, riding witb the fearlessness of as Amazon. Ho had a good- start; and, riding as well ns 'sbodld, be.coUld .nevertheless gee moro out of bis horso than sho out of hers.. Ho could not'gnin balf-nn-hour, but ho would do tbo best he: could, and by rapid work might yot.savo tho gtrl. ' If be found tbe passngo readily, and every thing worked , as' easily as Grcssor bad said, be might.be in time, .At. any rate, it was now or never, and he rode as if his own life depended on it. And Sofia pursued, bim -as only bate can pursue. It seemed as if she had smellcd tbe blood of her victim, and thirsted for it. Would sbe drink it, or would it be snatched from her. CHAPTER XXVI. from quarry to prison. Wat urged his horse to the very limit of its spesd, and as they wore now out of the settled parts of tbe city thero was no danger in doing su. Soda followed with a furious determina tion, which kept her nearer to him than Wat' liked. Still bo could see that he was gaining on bor, and before tbey came in Bight of tho fortress ho was out of tbe rench of her eye. As soon as he was aware of this, ha swept around toward tbo quarry and, alighting, gnvo the horse a sharp slap, which scut it on past tho fortress. A quick glance around showed bim that he was not observed,' nnd ho at oneo slipped down into tho quarry excavation. This took him out of tho range of Sofia's vision when sbe should come nenrcr to tbo fortress. Tbo trco spokon off by Gresscr was unmis takable, and Wat made for it without a moment of delay. Indeed, Soda was so near to him that it wsb now doubtful if bo would be able to reaoh tbo room in wliloh Vera was confined before she did. Ilowovcr, he leaped up into tho tree to tho limb indicated by Greaser, and crawling out upon it, sought the groove mentioned. He found it without difficulty, and pulled The reek rolled back ns lmd been described, and be leaped in and closed it again behind bim. He took timo to' light bis tiny dotoetivo lantern, although he know every moment was valuable. But he knew be would wasto more time without a light than with one. He now burrlod rapidly along, and reaohed the end of the passage without any diffi culty.'' ' 1 - : The ring wits plainly In sight, and without hesitating or waiting to hear,' if possible,1 what was go|ng on in tbe room above, ho caught It nnd pulled. : Tbe corner of the room swung aside, leav ing a hole large enough for a big man to pass through. Wat knew there was not a second to lose so be sprang tip through tbo opening, and glanced about the room, Tbe movement of the stono bad been so silent that Vera bad not been disturbed by It, and it was only as Wat sprang into tho room that sho raised her head from a book sbo was reading. At tho same moment Wat's quick car caught the sound of fcot in tbo corridor out- sido. Vera started for a moment, nnd then was about to scream for help. " Hush I Not a word I I come from Ivan, to save you I" Vera looked at bim wildly, but neither spoke nor moved. Tho steps were now close to tbe door. There wus not a moment to lose if be hoped to get Vera away, Thero was no tlmo to explain or get Vera's cq'operatlon in the flight. . l.Ho muBt take her away by forco;' ' He jumped to hersidanttbe very moment that tbe key was turning in tho lock.- Taking her in his arms, he put his hand over her mouth to stifle hor attempt to cry out, and carried her to the opening, and not any too gontly thrust. her into it. Then bo sprang down himself, and closed the opening just in timo to cut off tho cry of terror made by Vura when she found horself cast into what Bcomcd to her a dark dungeon. A faint noiso in the room just l6fi told Wat that ho had not been a second too soon. No doubt tboro was great confusion in the room, but only a little of it penetrated to where they stood. : "Como I ' Enid. Wot. "Who nro you? What do you want?" domnuded Vera. "lam the- American dotective, Denton. Have you forgotten me so soon ?" " Oh," sbe. cried, joyfully, " now I know yottr voice, but I did not reeogniso your face, and you enrao upon mo so suddeuly that I was frigh toned. How do you come heroin such n mjsteriouB way ? Is Ivan well ?" ' " Yob, Ivan is well j but wo muBt get away from hero to tbo opening of this passage. But, stop I How long is it since you were visited by any of 'the prison officials?" " About an hour ago, when ono of the men came to tako tho dinner dishes away." "Then tliu.< 11 know you cannot bo fhr away. Hiirk . They aro sounding tho walls now." Wat listened for some timo until he was satisfied that tbe way into the passage had not been discovered, and then he led Vera to the farther end of the passage. He knew well enough that it would not be safo to venture out until night, and not even then without taking every precaution against capture. Sofia would be sura to connect him with the escape and would have every avenue guarded. Tbo escape of Vera meant tbe loss of Ivan, nnd her woman's wits would be sharpened to avoat tho catastrophe. When thoy reached tho entrance to the passage, Wat opened tho rack a very little nnd then they could bear tho booming of tho gun which proclaimed tbo cscapo of a prisoner. Descriptions of them both would be scat tered brondcast over the country and liberal rewards offered for their recapture. Movement abroad would therefore bo fraught witb tho utmost danger. .They might have stayed where they wore but for one thing. If it had not already suggested itself it soon would that the very character of Vera's escape made samo secret exit from tho room necessary. Consequently there wonld undoubtedly bo a search inude for such an exit, and tho wails of tbo room would probably he torn away. Discovery in that case would bo inevitable; and then, if thoy were in tbe passage, tbey would certainly bo discovered. Still, tbere was no choice but to wait for night to come; nod preparing bimsalf for a struggle if Ilia nocil were, Wat snt down and possod the time recounting to Vera the events of tbo timo . sbo bad boea in prison. Nor did lie now conceal from her hor own dnngcr in being captured. She had been kept in ignorance of the fate in store for her, and though sho felt, sick at tho thought of what sho had escaped, she was only imbued with tbe more courage to resist capture. . Wnt had not overestimated her brave spirit, and be was not at oil surprised to hear her ask for soma weapon to at onca defend herself or, if need were, kill herself rather than again fall into the cruel hands of the government. IIu gr.vo her bis dagger. " All," sho sighed, " if I were only safe in America, witb Ivan by my sido ?" ' " You shall be. Do not doubt it. I am sure we shall evade tbem nnd get safely out of this accursed country. Upon my. word I do not wonder that- there are nihilists in a land wbcib lifo and denth, sorrow, suffering, and shame, are mere playthings ia tho hands of one weak-minded man. "How shall wo ever pay you for what you have already done, not to speak of what you propose to do ?" "Ivan's father will settle my bill," an swered Wat, laughingly. , "Ab, but money does not pay for such service." " Well, let us wait until Ivnn's bride asks me to name my 'own reward. If sbe re members it then, I shall have it ready to name." ' ' " Do you think I shall forget bow you have risked your lifo so nobly to save miiio?" " Sparc my blushes, conutcss." " You are laughing at me, and I am in earnest." Wat was laughing, though ho was in any thing but a laughing mood. Ho wns desperately anxious, indeed, for the result of the adronture. but ha did not wish Vera to lose hope, and so he made a pre- tenca of lightness of heart he did not in reality feel, CHAPTER XXVII. NIHILIST On SOLDIEtl. At different times during the afternoon tbey saw through their air- hole nn armed guard pass on the upper sido of the quarry, showing that all the environs of the fortress wero being guarded. This was an evidence that a secret passage was suspected, otherwise there would bavo been no sense in placing guardB in such out- : of-tbo way places", . > Several times during the few hours before dark Wat had run back to the end of the passago to learn if any attempt was yet being made to discover a secret way out of the room. If any nttempt wns being made it wbb where Wat could not hear it, for it was not until dnrkness had fairly come that bo heard tbe uamistakablo sound of a pick in tbe room. The moment the sound reached bis ear ho ran back and exclaimed : " Wo must take our chances now and go, for thoy are at tho door of your room." " I am ready. And hnve no fours for my courage. I am only a weak little woman, but I .can be brave." " I do not doubt it." He first stole out to reennnottgr. Climbing the face of the quarry on the ' side where bo bad seen tbe guard pass rb often, ho waited for bim to eorao around, \- The soldier came at his regular methodi cal pace, thinking no doubt of everything else but tbo man lurking along tbo edge of the quarry. A sudden plan entered Wat's head. The soldier came nearer and nearer, and Wat drew himself up into a heap that re sembled anything but a human being when seen through tbo gloom. The man was not three yards off. Now ho was by tho very side of the motion less heap. If he saw it at all he paid no attention to It. He had passed Wat. And now, like n tigcr-oat, tho dcteetive leaped on him and brought bim strangling to tbe ground. To bind him, gnghim, and then carry him around to wbere bo could descend with bim into tho quarry, was not a long task. Ho left him under the walnut tree, and then wont up for Vera. ' Her he loft at the farther sido of the 3uarry, first telling her what he was going to o in order that sbo might not bo alarmed when she saw a soldier approaching her, For it was his intention to play soldier for a whilo. He robbed the man of his coat, hat, and rlflo, and, returning to Vera, staited out witb her. Ho led the way, whilo she followed close behind him. His present plan was to get ob far away from the fortress as possible. Ho know that every avenuo of escapo out cf the city would be well guarded, but near tbe fortress all tho exits would be particu larly well cared for. They proceeded in this way for some dis tance, nnd Wat bad begun to think that he would reach tho thickly settled part of tho city without detection, when lie suddenly found himself confronted by a sontinol, who demanded : "Who goes there?" Wat's only answer was a blow with the hutt of biB -rifle, which laid tbe soldier 'at full length upon tho ground. It was the only thing to do, but a dnn gerous thing, nevertheless, tor hero tbo streets bad an occasional passer, and one of tbem might take it into bis head to inquire into the cause of the fraens. Without waiting for such a thing, how- over, Wnt hurried on, with Vora holding by his arm. _ Presently tbey could hear a shot from a rifle, and they know that Bomebody had found tho soldier in the street, Taking Vera under his arm, Wnt almost ran until he saw some people ahead of bim, when ho changed to a walk, tbough'not yet giving up her arm. Now thoy could hear nn alarm sounded by the local watch, nnd tbey knew that in a faw momenta tho street would be alive with soldiers. And worse yet, the rifle of some guard was now fired fivo times in rapid succession, con veying too evidently some sort of intelli gence to every soldier within hearing of tbe sound. The ontloob was a desperate 6ne,<\- but it was not unexpected by of the fugitives. " If it comes to tbe worst," Baid Vera, as they hurried along, "do you save your self. Thcre'is no need for both of us being caught," "It bus not oomo to the worst yet. I never Eco the end till I reach it. . As for leaving you, that !b out of the question. While 1 live I remain with you, for capture now means a horrible death." " I shall not he captured. I have your dagger. Whnt is that ?" " Three soldieis. Let them look to their lives now, I have avoided killing, 'but if it be a choice of their lives or mlne;<I will try to make it theirs." — "Who goes thcic?" cried one o£ the: soldiers at sight of the couple,' ' v "Only a comrndo on a spree. Let iho pass or I'll be in a scrape," They were in the lighted streets now, and people were plenty in tho windows and doors, but nana in tho street. At tho first sound of the alarm tbey had all been ordered indoors. " Let us see tbis comrade," said one of the men, advancing close to Wat. "All of you look at me. - Ono of you may know me." He advanced quickly toward them all, for he did not want them to separate or to have him at other than close quartors. They peered suspiciously nt him as! 'ho came up to them, but bo gavo them no time to not. , .. . As soon as he was, nenr .enough bo end. denly raised bis rifle, and with' a forward thrust crushed the man's no30 .and stunned bim- :, . -ooy; Then, before any of the others could do anything, be swung.his gun nbout and let it fall with stunning effect on tliGhcad of tho nearest. As quickly as this wns donc;ihdiwevcr, tho third soldier ' had time to "recover his wits, He raised his gun and, taking quick- aim, fired nt Wat. Tho ball passed through Wat's clothing and carried away a piece of ficsh. ' He felt the smart, nnd not knowing how badly be was hurt, sprang at the man; who had retrcqtcc. a step, and felled him with' a crushing blow. j By tbis time other soldiers bad been at tracted by tho noise; nnd their steps could be 1 heard rapidly approaching. . Tho end of their flight seemed close at hand, and tho bravo little countess, true to her determination, bad drawn h»r dagger, to die rather tban bo enptured for the . cruel fate reserved for her, when Wat. with n Inst desporato attempt, dashed into one of the houses, through the men stanipg there, dragging Vera after him. , . ; As soon ns he was in tbe iinll he, turned nnd caught tho countess.-in. his .arnis, and fled up the stairs, . ... . ... t . Ho heard a step behind bim, and when he reached tbe first landing, turned', quickly to strike the man down. ,. : , iv " Hold I" whispered tbe man.-ii" What's your crime ?" "Nothing. Wo arc eieaping'fiom piiion." " Whnt chnrge?'1 1 "Nihilism." " Aro you guilty?" "No, but wo will be if ever wo got our freedom. Curses on such n government." rt You nro not a soldier?" " No ; I stole the coat and hat when I es caped." " Will you rish your life on tbc truth of what you eny ?" "I will." "And the woman's ?" ; "I speak for raysolf," said Vera, boldly. "I do not know who you nro nor what you can do for us, but I swear to you that I will hencafoith do my utmost against tha in famous government that, without a ibit of proof and without a ghost of a trial, would condemn me to tho knout to gratify, the malice of a vile woman.", , , , " You are Vera Itadolinski ?" ' " I am." . - i "I will detain you ' no longer," said tbe man, with a sudden coldness. . ; "Stop I" naid Wat.- "You nro nbout to mako a fatnl mistake. You can save us. Do so, nufl I. will explain to you what, will save your society annihilation." " Who ara you ?" j " I am the man who informed the Chief of Police that tbe Ozar was to be killed." "A traitor?" ; " No ; as much of n patriot as you. There I Do you hear? Tbo guard Is attheidoor. Will you save us and your country,- or will you let us be takon ?" j . "Cornel If you ' have dcooived mo, your life will be worth less than-it is at this mo ment," -i. - ' ' ' . !: . ' ' 'CHAPTER XXVIII. V . ' ; ONOE j SipllB, WITH THE NIHILISTS. . The man run ahead of tbem up, the re maining flight of stairs, and into a room. , He cpened a otcset iu the room, and- going into it, beckoned tbem to follow him. : . Thoy did so, and lie shut tbe door. The noise of the soldiers on the stnirs was plainly to bo heard. "Coma with mo," Tho man took hold of Wat's sleeve, and Wat caught Vera by tho arm. They passed through a sort of door, nnd theu tbey heard a faint click behind tbcm. 'l'hoir conductor now opened another door, which led into a room in which was gathered a family group. "Oeareffl" said tho man, scntentiously, and the company bowed, without n word, . Into another closet, nnd into another room by a secret door, they wero led. And this was repeated for several houses, at each house thus entered the man using tbe word " Ogareff " ns his passport. At last ho nako 1 of ono man whose house had boen so invaded : ' Where are the soldiers ?" " Six doors from here, hunting for the fugitives." Tbo mnn turned to Wnt and Vera. . V Ton .still ; may. lake -yonr chances with the soldiers or with us. Which shall it ho ? Wo aro as moreileBS to traitors as tho Czai is to tho nihilists." . . ; " We ore not traitors. Wo will go with you. If y an save us. wo can no less save you. ' Lead the way." The man opened tbo bnck door, and, first . peering cautiously around, rnn across tho yard, hugging tho fence as ho ran. Wat and Vera followed bis example, and wero alongside of bim in a second. A tumble-down Rhanty stood in tbo rear of the yard, and it was into tbis that tho man led them. There he stopped again, and addressed them solemnly : " You have insisted on coming here, nnd I have no more to say- nn that score, but I warn you that you are taking yonr lives in your own bands." " We nre nware of that, and do not fal ter." Removing a board from tho back end of the shanty, tha man passed through to the other sido, and when they bad followed him replaced the board. They found themselves in a stable, or rather tho rear end of a stable, where all tbe refuse was piled up. Picking bis way through tho dirt, tho mnn took them to n ladder leading to tho cellar. Dark as it was down there, he had no diffi- cuity in making his way, and again ho took Wat by tbo sleeve, while Wat led Vera. Wat could indistinctly make out that thoy wore npproncliing tho opposite wall, but that was nil. When they reached there, tho mnn felt nbout until he had found what ho wanted, nnd that he pressed witb his finger, making Wat surmise that it was an electric bell. Ho wns tbo more sure of it when ho saw him, a moment later, press it with the vary ing regularity of a signal. Presently a part of tbe wall seemed to melt away, and they were led into an apart ment beyond. Hero they were ohnllenged by a muffled voice, and their guide answered : " Ogareff. Two strangers pursued by the soldiers and claiming tbe protection of onr society. A mnn and a woman. Man a stranger, but claims to have given informa tion against thoso who lately tried to serve thoir country. ' Woman Vera Radolinski." "Let tbem wait hsrc," There was nn absolute sileneo for a few, minutes, savo for the slight Loise madohy the throe 'persons brcnthing. Suddenly there was a stream of light shot across the apartment, which fell so on tbe two fugllivcs that anybody properly situ ated could study their faces. ' 'It wns evidently for such a purpose that tho light had been set upon them, for in a few minutcB a voice said : "Conduct them." " Come, " said their lender. And they followed him through the dark ness oneo more, and through nnother door. They heard a clicking behind tbem, and then of a sudden a flood of light illumined the room where they wore. They found thomsolveB in a large room almost filled with men and women In masks. , It wiis a weird nnd uncomfortable sigbt to feel themselves being stared nt by so many pairs of oyes without , being able to sec a sinelo fnc'o. Vera olung to Wat as if she felt that now everything depended on bim. For sho fully realised that there wnB to bo a war of wits. Sevcral.minutes passed in asilentscrutiny by the assemblsge. At last .one of them said : " The woman is Vera Radolinski, accused of tho murder of her brother and of being a nihilist. Tho latter chargo is untrue, for she is the enemy of tho nihilists," Vera nt this withdrew from Wat, nnd said with a noble.air : " The former charge is untrue, and until this night I acknowledge I have been tbe enemy of tbo nihilist. Now I . am bis friend." "Why?" , . ' . " Because, being a victim of the govern ment, I can see tho bettor the justice of your cause." ; " Who is tlio mnn ?" " Wnt stopped forward, dropped the rlflo lie had|hold in his hand, threw off the soldier's cont nnd hat which ho hnd worn, and np- peered in the disguise lent him by Grosser. " Whd nml? I am themanwho prevented the death of the Czar." . " At least, you have courage to come here with such an assertion." " It is my titlo to your consideration." "Explain." "No here. ' Let me retire with Ihe mem- bersof ynurcouneil." "Wo have no secrets. Any council we may have is only for convenience, not for secrecy." "Suoh a statement ns I have to mnke were batter made to a fow. Surely thn few can afterwards reveal all I have said," "True, but it Recms unnecessary." " It is not unnecessary, however. What Ilhava to say is of vital Importance." " Wo should ho tho beBt jndges.of that." "For your own good I must refuse to speak except to a selected few." Impatient at Wat's obstinncy, tbe man turned to his comrades nnd said:" " What is your will, my friends?" "Do as ho asks," was the almost unani mous answer. Tho man at this conforrod with the others in a low voice, nnd, as a result, ton of thn persons there separated from tho rest and led the way to a door at tho farther end of the room. " Come," said Wat, turning to Vera. "Leave her behind," said a voice from among tbo ton. ' " She must go with mo." "By Heaven, sho shall not 1" cried several members of tho body, springing forward as if by a concerted movement. Wnt at oneo sprang back to her side, and in a firm voieo exclaimed : " We go together." Those who had sprung forward immedi- ntely nssumcd a threatening attitude, anil to Wat it seemed as if a premeditated attempt wns going to be made to part bim from Vora. . . . Knowing as he did the share Sofia had in the nihilistic movement, he was on his guard against trerohory.' .; Ho caught up tho rlfio hn had dropped, and stood on tbe defensive, (7o be continued.) 