Overgrowing Her Strength. HOW DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PTLLS MAKE. WEAK GIRLS STRONG. Testimony from well-known and highly-respected colonists is always worth printing. and the words of Mr. Georea Marner. of " Lamington." Victoria Road, Auburn, Victoria, are of this nature :—"I thought I would lose my dauehter. Miss Alice," said Mr. Marner to our reporter recently, "she ivas over' growing her strength. Medical men could do nothing for her." Here Miss Marner entered the room and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. " I commenced, some two years ago. to feel very ill after returning home from school," said she "I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my had, hut experienced a continued languid feeling that made memost miserable. Father took me to see a doctor. and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so. there was no fear of my disohevingthis order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night. I could scarcely get any rest." "We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner. "hut it had no effect. Then I consulted a well-known Collins Street prac| titionnr. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a chaueo. Her mother took her away for a triD to Queensland, hut she returned looking worse She would also retch 1 on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." 1 "This time last year." said Miss Alice, " I weighed ■ 7st. 31bs„ now I am 9»t. 7lhs." "A great improvement; your treatment must . have heen beneficial ? " "No; all the medicine I got did me very little. 1 good. Actually. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Juhilee 1 holidays, last year, father bought mo ahoxofDr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasanco's. Chapel St., Prahran. They did me so much good that, I continued with them. It is a long time since I discon1 tinued taking them, and I am how as healthy as . anyone could wish." " And you would recommend them ? " "Yes; and that strongly, too." said Mr. Marner. ' " Had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." Parents should think oner this—good health and a hundred pounds saved. It is undisputed that Dr. "Williams' Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve the brain. They are a certain cure for indigestion, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, ancetnia, sleeplessness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregularities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, <fcc. Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr. Williams Medicine :Co., c/o Rocke, Tompsitt & Co , Flinders Street, Melbourne, who will forward six boxes for fifteen and three pence, or one box fortwo and nine, post free. Fraser's mine, Southern Cross, the first of the West Australian ventures to be floated into a company, and the first to start crushing, hope to earn enough to avoid calls, if not to pay dividends, when in February next the recently acquired battery of the Fraser's South company will be at work. The stone crushed during the past twelve months totalled 22,250 tons, the yield being 9378oz gold, an average of.a little over 8dwt to the ton. The company have been at considerable expense in following the reefs, as a slide disclosed at No. 2 level, continued down to No,- 5 level, disturbing the country ereatly. They hope to get better stone from the Fraser's South lease.acquired with the- plant, and. with 50 head of stampers in operation they hope to treat enough stone to declare dividends. . The working expenses, including head office management amount to 30s lOd per"ton, and the gold yield has averaged 90s 6d.per.toh, 