THE GHOSTS OF CLOTHES. Mr. J. N. Maskelyne, the conjurer, relates some of his experiences to a writer in the " English Illustrated Magazine " :—" Apart from mere objective illusion,'' be says, " apparitions exist only in imagination. The great proof of this is the question of clothes. If spirits appeared like some of the * living pictures,' apparently in tbe nude, one migtit be inclined to believe in their reality. I believe I was the first to suggest this objection, about 30 years ago. I was 1 aviug a discussion with Mr. Benjamin Coleniali. 6irnamod. * Tbe Father of English Spiritualists," a very nice, amiable, and credulous old yentlemau. He nas describing a seance he had attended and where a lady saw the spirit of her grandfather. She had never seen him in esrtli-'i'e, but recognised bim from a painting. The s irit appeared iu periwig, knee-breeches, »u<. a green coht with gilt buttons. ' Then,' s»ui I. ' this Jady not only saw the spirit of her grandfather, but also the spirit of his green coat and gilt buttons !" Mr. Coleman looked at me with rather a puzzled expression. I continued : * Do you really believe that there is such a thing as the spirit of a coat?'i No.' said he, • I can't tbink that, and I can't; account for the appearance of tbe clothes, but Ii will ask the spirits.' The old gentleman told me afterwards that he had consulted • Katey King ' upon the subject. Katey King, as you. may remember, was a very popular spirit at that time, so much so that she was frequently known to have appeared at several seances at the same moment. She was al:$o the spirit whs was said to have carried Mrs. Guppy from Ball's Pond to Lamb's. Conduit-rtreet, and it was the exposure of this • spirit' which sent poor Robert Dale Owen to a lunatic nqr&un.; Well, Katey King shirked Mr. folematrs question for some time, but he persisted in having an answer, and at last she .replied, ' Why, of course, we materialise the clothes out of particles in the atmosphere." This was a perfectly satisfactoir explapation to the Spiritualists, but even the most credulous members of the Society ior Psychical Research cannot at present believe in the ghost of a pair of breeches. If they could, they would at once accept every nightmare story me a spiritual visitation. That cunning old impostor, Mdme. Biavatsky, tried to bridge over this difficulty by inventing the theory that there is an • astral bedv' or counterpart to everything in existence and everything that has existed. So there must be an astral -serpent, an astral big gooseberry—in fact. BO astral world and a astral universe." 