FLOWERS OF .THE FOREST On Wednesday evening, December 7th, the new cantata ' The Flowers of the Forest," was given in character by the pupils of tile Brighton State School, in tie Drillroomu. Long before 7.30 all the seats were taken up, and before 8 o'clock standing room was unavailable. At 8 p.m. the dhil dren took their places on thie plattorm. Mr G. H. Carter, the enthusiastic head teacher, came forward and announced to the audience that owing to the building being lull and numbers out side unable to get in, the porrormance would be repeated a day next week, to be duly advertised in the local papers,_ Proceedings then commenced by a pianoforte solo by Miss Fagg, who accompanied throughout, after which followed tihe opening chorus, " Come, Let Us Be Blithe and -iay," by the company, effectively sung. A solo, in parts, by Masters A. Carter and A. Bentley, " tom Tucker and I," was charmingly sung. The Hoop Drill; by some of the pupils, with houps band d with gold, formed a unique andi pret"y peri..r.,ra cuu. So).'aIid enoruse?e. frllowe.l untilu nitl tlll' tl , w\ilOn ad ldtter ot apology was re:ad . iy Mr Urirt orur thid nour-atiteudauco o lhe hinO. A. lP,.a' ike, Wiwo ,,as oegag:d at rue H-useu. A fer thi interval a ti'ir, ', ' Welcooiie oue rind all," uy tie cuw. piany, was followed by ' Movemeents by the Arueiers of lberrvo.?d Forest"iuc full cislume and equrppe.l with bows, who acquitted themselves very credit. ifly.y Bessie, 13ell sai Maiy tiray," the viheage beautires,, was ucharumingly,, sung by Miss Alice kledrey und ifias Erva Hl,rwitz. At intervals the plat. form I "esented a very pretty appear lince wh" n banners of different shades with ' Flowers oe'the Forest" worked ,,n them, ann staffs topped witu bunches of flowers, were waved to and fro by the children, had a very pretty effect, The grand spectacular promo. uado i+ deserving of special mention. " The Millers of the Dee," by Masters Clive, Mc ie, sio, Vern, Jefferson, . Horne, B. Pamphilon and G. McKin ley was an amusing part of the pro. gramme, looking very ghost-like in ' I Care for Nobody, Not ." " Lady of Banbury Crons," Miss Ethel Boyd, was also very effective. "''ravellers and Watchmen," by a company of boys and girls, was also a pretty per formance, tire whole being brought to a close by the grand spectacular prome nade and final chorus, " Pleasure that bringeth no sorrow," by the company. The singing of tlhe National Anthem terminated a very enjoyable evening. We gave a description of the piece in a previous issue, and the present performance was well up to expects. tiens. It has been decided to repeat this performance on Thursday evening next, the proceeds to be devoted to providing filters for the schools, See adver tisement, 