HE WAS HAUNTED. Fischer's ghost has b3en laid, to the re gret of those who have cherished him as a winter story for the fireside. He is no longer believed to sit on top of a three-railed fence as a clue to tho discovery of his bones in a stagnant pool. But there is a man in the Glebe, Sydney, who was haunted by a spectre which never left him. It was with him as he sit all dav mending shoes, and in tho dark and silent watches of the night it clung to him. and he began to look upon ito as a fearful part of himself until his time would come to enter into tho spirit land. It was a grim and horrible experience, and all his days and nights were spent in trying to solve the enigma of its presence, and the way that he could lay it, as they had laid , Fischer's ghost. Tho worst of the matter : was that it wa6 invisible to all but himself ; ho was worse than haunted, it tortured bim, for this spectre loved to give him pain. At length the means were given to mm to tree himself of its hateful presence, and he de scribes his last figbt with it to our- repre* ! sentative who waited upon him at 86 Bridge road, Glebe: — 'For the past eight years,' said Mr. Wm. BUrke, shoemaker, ' I have cnduied very much from constipation and piles ; no medicine seemed to do me good. At night I could not sleep, and by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took could free me of pain, until I tried Dr. Morse'6 Indian Root Pills, and now I can say that they are the best remedy I have ever known, as they do not gripe or weaken, and yet do all that is said of them. I am a better man to-day than I have been for years. It, is a grand cure.' Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills cure such cases. They are a positive curc for liver ailments, sick headache, biliousness, indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, foul breath.' sallow complexions, and a perfect blood purifier, curing eczema, pimples, blotches, and all skin diseases. As a woman's best friend they stand alone. Sold by chemists and storekeepers ; price, Is 3d per bottle. Australian Branch of the W. ! H. Comstock Co., Ltd., 58 Pitt-street, Sydney, N.S.W. Sold wholesale in Queen land by Messrs. Elliott Bros., Ltd., Bris bane. Each bottle has tjie full name blown thereon, and the wrapper bears the signature of Wm. H. Comstock. Avoid substitutes, and see that you get the genuine. In the matter of woman's rights Abyssinia is far ahead of Europe, According to an authority, the house and all its contents belong to her, a'.d if the husband offends her she not only can but does torn him out of doors till he is duly repentant and makes amends by the gift of a cow or the half of a camel— that is to say, half the value of a camel. On the other hand, it is the privi lege and duty of the wife to abuse her husband, and she can divorce herself from him at pleasure, whereas the husband must show reasons to justify snch an act on his part. The Colonist of 1 1 ^t week, to be bad at thiB office and all li-j^ksBllers, contains all the mining news of the week,' besides full telegrams of general interest, stories, farm and garden items, European intelligence, and other matters of public import*noe 