LCourualr.J THE TESTIMONY OF ESTHER SAHDYS, B. Y ROMA WHITE. CILIU'TER L There is in Low Furness a village built on the margin of a tarn. Thi odttdges are old and grey, with rounded chimney-stacks and outer staircases of worn, mossy stone; tall reeds belt the water, and yellow flowers, in their season, blossom among the green. Tieita?mlet is lapped in sloping clver fields and deep cool hazel copses; on the eastern side a fell, overgrown with bracken and sprinkled with sheep and' limestone boulders, divides it from an arm of the sea. To this village LittleTarnside is its name-the mornings and oveniggs of seuatmereouain dowand perfume, and with song of birds. The smell of the waves never reaches it, but storm brings the wailing of the set-gulls and the white glint of their restless wings among the clouds. Frosty autunmn twilight woos the lonely fluting of the robin; and spring-dawns echo to the whistle of the thrush. A certain April day. in the year 1789, broke with sparkle and fragrance over the ferny moor. Tie flo ting mists of night rose from the glittering surface of the tarn; and the larks sprang upwards on all sides from the pastures. Down the straggling road of the village boys and girls began tb pass in groups; the former clad In their Sunday suits of fustian, the latter wearing red cloaks and either high white caps or spread ing hats. These children moved towards the Church which stood at one end of the thrh, half hidden by trees of cypress and yew. Among the moving figures was that of an old man with rosy puckered face, thin hair anol irresolute lips; lie was ancompanibd by a young girl, fresh, slim,, and upright as a growing birch tree, whose appearance at traeted some attention frontlthie villagers as she passed among them. A group of children, who fought over a kitten upon a door step, desisted from their play to gaze at this girl. From gaairg they took to psinting, and a whisper ran throughr their ranks, burets of childish laughter ag compasying it. The girl heard, and flushed deeply; but she tfrea? up her small cliln in defranee of tie pointieg fingers, -nd mDrcleyd on wieiout altering her pace. The old man turned, shook both his head asd his stick at the children, and then hurried after ifis com panion. Tihe Vicar of Little Tarnside, who sat in tie window of the .'arsonage, pushed open the casement. and leant out. Overhearing wifat it was that passed from mouth to mouth he vanished from the windbw, only to re appear. with lowering brows and flpurishing cane at the door. At the siglitof the parson's stick the childreen cattered like rabbites for in those days offenders were summarily dealt with by their vlnage pastor; who was a fine specimen of the Church Militant. When the small sinners had dispersed, the Vicar smoothed his brows, tool? off the weaver's pron which he wore, and returned into theim ouse. " What's to do ?" asked his wife. " Those ill- mannered brats are scoffing at Esther Jupp again." " Aye, they've picked up tlte story that ghe's a ine gentlemanes child, I suppose. I _ ondor:;how much truth there is in that, Alttbhew ?". _.- - .. ..-....., ____t_! teorna' no tolling. Mary.... It's-let me nee-how many years sines Jerry came here I" " '"It'll be seven come Miehaelmas. E?ther was a bit of a lagie then. It was queer that the tale should fdllow them up from Lym ecot." "Thero's something about Esther that isn't ~ke the other villago girls. Maybe that's how it arose. But Jerry is vpry shorl to any one wiho asks questions." " Well, it's his business, and no one else's, I suppose. Is he going to be confirmed with imhe chilaren to-day ?" " Yes. He told me a week ago that he pite 'understood now coniirmation was Ametlting more than the elfharm against, mnallpox, or ghosts.'" " Do you walk all the way to Overstone?" SAye, as soon as I have read prayers The day was Thursday, when nearly all the ,nhabitants of Little Tarrrmi(e carried their farm produce to Overstone, the nearest mar ket town. The Bishop had signified his in tention of holding a confirmatfon there on this particular Thursday; and the Viear of Little Tarnside had requested his own candi dates to, meet in their parish church beforo they were formed into procession for the walk to Overstone. Others besides the candidates wes e gather ing for service; and many of the. worshlppers carried baskets of butter and eggs. It was customary for the congregation to wait about the clurchyard until the hell ceased its tinkle, and then to muster in two thick lines on either side the patli,arrd allow their Vicar to march solemnly between the double-barr eiled company thus formed. He was always the first to enter tile eimre'h, and the entire assembly trooped in his wake, aftter which he walketd up to tile reading-desk, and donned his full white surplitein their sight. He Was a little late this morning, and the interchange of gossip was brisk among his patient flock. The girl talled EJsther Jupp sat dewo on one of the decaying totob-stones, and lifted her eyes to where the tower of tihe Chlnrch stood out clear, square, and weather stained farinmerdime Into the churschyard with a little -importint bustle. le was stot and red cheelkedl, wearing a brown coat and buff lgeg ings, and he flicked a ewhip cabout his calves and ankle ats hIe passed through the graves. This young farmer ipaused and watched Esther in silence. Then his glance travelled on to the old man, wlhm he regrded for a few mpments with a nixtuls of toleration and ontcmpt. Jerry Jupp weas returning the gaze furtively, his face wrinklerd up into hiarrassed and uneasy puckers; his withlered hlands too trentbled visibly as the oaher strode across thie gravel patih f thie clhurchryard, and took tip hiwi plsition by Esthtes's side. " Good dlay, Ethic." " Goocl day, lethcr rl'hizacklca," shie res ponded briefly. " Good day, Jerry." " Good tc:y, iir," said Jerry, tremulously, the nneasiinea, ol his face iclrcasing eve-ry moment, a- Farimer lhizccelekiC stroked his otl, meditatrvely and fixeld his round eyes on Estler' clustecrin' hair. " Fine s-vather for iith' lambs, ch, Jerry I" "I won's contrslrick ye theer," Jerry agreed mcilhly, leaning es his stick, and lett ing his glance travel over the lat tombstonei on whichl Eslther ?s-at. She herself cad turned away from themi bothi, flu.ched and petull nt. She did not hke isosiah l'Pzacklec, and she wished tihat ibe woue d go -away. The farmer, however, ihad no intecntion of leavlng thenl, le had wooed Esther in thiCu fashion, Sunday aflcr Sunday, ancl his couct ship isad beccme to him as much a habit. as his evening pipe. lie drew a long breath, and perpetrated the most original suggestion that, at the moment, occurred to him. " Will ye ride i' my cart t' Overstone " hie asked, poinalingwit- Iris whip to where his horse stood patiently at the churchyard gate. f " It's a goodish step for a life body like Xe.-" Esther shrank nearer to her grandfather, t and shook her 'head. " I'd rayder walk wi' Grandad," she said I wiHh some confusion. The young farmer regarded her for a mo ment with his broad smile of toleration and amusement. " R.ayder this, rayder that," he said at I last, not iiH-tPmperedly, "lassies are on t common free wi' their ' rayders ' i' these days. Art too fine to ridowi' t' cabbages. Esthie ? " " Aye," she answered shortly. " Whist, lassie, whist," put in Jerry, " it's r a favour -o' blestlher rtliacrklea t' ax thee." I "I care nowt tor '" favours," she raid,with some petulance, " l'se ha' nowt to Co wi' I him." IHer hand had crept under Jerry's rrm. and i the old man patted the small brown fingers ' tenderly, even while o turne'l to Josiah I Phizacklea with a mixture of entreaty and I apology. " She means noewt," lihe said gently. " she's I nobbut a lssie." 1 " Aye, an' thoo's nobbut an owd simple," responded Josiah, with so0me meaning in his tones, " or thoo'd tell hesto gft i t' cart wi' out such a to-do. It's ill quarrellin' wi' I them as carries these sort o' things i' their weskit pockets." t IHe put his finger and thumb into the little I pocket of his waistcoat, and drew out a t crumbled piece of paper, which lhe held out I to the old man. Jerry'a trouble had dnlepened I visibly during the altercation. He had kept t patting Estese's hand soothingly, and now I hoe answered with a certain tremulo.u dig- I nity. " 1 know weel enouglh 'm i ' thy debt, s ,lestbhr I'hizacklea. Tilou'se ha' thy fIoney ' soon as I can lafol't. Wo'sensay no more i about them thingsri t' churchyard an'.afore e t' little wench." " T' little wench an' t' churchyard be I danged!" said Josiah, " t' little wench ha' heerd plenty o' talk about thy debts, I rock- I on, and 'twon't do he harm to t' corpses. See thee, Esthie Jupp," Ihe continued, good naturedly enough, waving the piece of crumpled paper in his lingers, " thou'se ha' that for a ride i' my e.rt t' Ov(rstone an a kiss at t' other end o' t' journey." The paper was Jerry's su'bstitute for an LO.U., and-rarmer 'hizaeklea-smiled with broad triumph as he spread it out bseore Esther's eyes. Thers hlie reckoned, was a bait for mercenary feminine nature. Jerry's old face was puckered into a mixtureof r wistfdjncss and distress. He looked eagerly at Esther, and yet trembled. This was evi- i drbntly the first time that thegirl had heard of the ddbt; and her glance flashed into ia- I digeation and then dimmed into dismay. I She held out her hand for tire paper, and clasped it fast, looking from Jerry to thee farmer wit-h a mingling of wrath and per- I plexjty in hertilear eyes. As she stood there I the farmer repeated hirs oifer, chuckliqgeg loudly. LHp would have reiterated it a third I time, but, as his lips began to frame the I sentence, a hand came over Esther's dlioulder, and caught the paper from her I flngers. " I4estleer Phizacklea," said a voice, not loud, lath with a slight vitiration in its tones, which were singularly free from the village dialect, "you say tlem sort of things to my cousin again, and, confirmatiorn or no can I firmation, I11 duck you in thle tarn." I .phizacklea turned, and laughed his slow lanugh mas e met rOt resotutsrgrmaceur u. tall, broad-shouldered boy. Then ie jerked the handle of his whip in the direction of Jerry, and answered the lad without any ebulftion of annoyance. " Tlh' Grandad was willin' enow to clinch t' barg:ii., Timnothy Jupp. Keep tly nose out o' other pigs' troughs, my lad." Timothy Jupp made no reply to tim' farmer's graphic fashion of telling him tO mind his own btsiness, but he folded the paper with resolute precision, and handed it back to its owner. Thenr turning hlis back on Joiah altogether, he addressed his grandfather in tones of some impatience. "Come, Grandad I Mr. Eglin is at th' Visarage gate." Andi without a ec'oend glance in the direction of Phizacklea, Tint slung Iris basket upon one arm, drewEsther's hiand under the other, and led her away be tween the gravestones and through the long churchyard grass. The arrival of the Vicar prevented Josiah -who was always'slow in his search for ex pression-from launching any sarcasm tit Tim. The congregation began to move into the church, and Plrhiacklen went back to his cart, and turned the horse's head in the direction of Overstone. As Ito went, lie muttered a little to himself, and his face be came sli?hly contemptuous " A line gentleman's child, as they call tier !" Ire grunted, half-audibly. " Mluch good her fine gentleman father ha' done her. Sire's no cause to give any ihonest mron the go-by. But they're a' alike is women, they're a' alike." Meanwhile, Timothy Jupp, passiniinto church with his pretty cousin, found time to whisper a caution in her ear. "See, Esthie, I forbird yoe to speaklto that pig-headed cha'pagain." " Thee forbids mre, 1Tim ?" The girl haadrecovered herself, and glanced I up with a slightly mischievous look in her eyes. " Aye, an' it's my right, too. Estlfie. Grandad's getting old, and I've a right to look after you. You're only a las~icn after all." Tint spoke thIe last words as if they clinschmsd -csanaenumns ,adspthen.rnirml his grandfather, iltered hIris tone. " Iere, Grandled, th' baskets are piled up in thelorclh. Onurs will come to no harmi among t' othere, and we can pick 'em uI on 0 our way out." The short service was soon over, and thcn the procession of rcandidates was forrmed in tile road outside thIe chlurchyarld. 'hi Vicar called to Tim to come nil Iholdl one pole of tile tall b:irnner which floated like a crimrrson eail in the morning air. Tim hurrired forwarder with a look if pri?s andl kindly handrs soon relieved himr of hlis marer t btasrket. T?i ?udo anodlassies were quickly fornmed into lille, and tlrhenr tile world of commmndl was given, ) and they moved dIf. CHAt'TER II. Visitors to Windermere--'"lakers,' they usedt to h catlled by thie scople of the dis triet-;re nowadays welIl agluainrrted with tihe station of Ourstdlne. tllll?' new IIOIsrPS Illtve sprung up withlin late yeCars, buit at the rnl of tile last century tilre hIoue's were clusteretd unevenly togethrer aoiang narrow cobble paved streets. Thie mralkt- pilaco tihe:l, as now, w:as merely avr short, rather wide road leadrrg to tile markrt-crosi . lither, on I Thursday mornings, tihe farmers drove tllueir Scarts. and, unhnarncsing their Illulopl horses, led trhem away to be stabled ill thie variolu inrns; while thiearts,inclining on their shafts F towards the centre of tile street, formed mm h barricnde of primitive stalls on either side of ithe wi,". i On this particular Thursday morning,howv * ever, the farmers andol their wives hIad gstihered about the churchyard gates to hIave a look at the " confirmation.' In the front ranks of the crowd stood ' Josiah Phizacklca, a broad smile upon hf? ' fact. The smile spoke as plainly as any t words, Josiah's opiefon that "confirms a tionin' " was work for women, children, ande parsons. lie turnedl away, after Esther and her grandfather had passed into the chunrch, I and strode slowly down the hill, his mind still full of the wooing of this sweet per verse woman. An old farmor, In buff leg- t giugs, was standing among the pens at the fo t.of the hill, and he called out to Josiah I to ask for Jerry Jupp, adding that ho " wantodia bit.o' brass from him." Josiah perked his thumb expressively in the direc tion of the churilT, and ealked on withia ( signiicntof gesture of the head. lie had a wide contempt.for J'rry, in which; somehow, he could not help including his grand- . daughter ; yet, when an hour Idter, Phiza'ne lea watched Esther selling lifr'buter among I the other lassies of the district, hae felt that c it was as i impossible to remove his slowly- J working fascy from her as it,was to drive a I fiod'k of sheep, single hlanded, througl a 1 mountain-beck. Uo wact'shed her from a distance, and saw the farmer in the buff leggings spt king to her granidfather, and a o look of anxious trouble suddenly overspread- a ing the brightue.ss of the girl's face. Gims was not wiih them. turd had his grandson I beenin the usarkect-place Jerry would not I haveo turned to Esther as he did after Farmer .lohnso.n had left them, and betrayedl the trouble that ?ziade his .fa£e quTver and 2 his vpice break to trembling. To conceal the extcnt of his difficulties from Tim had i been Jerry's endearsour for tie last twel?o months. Tim was .o clever, and was going to lift them all some day. Jerry could not I bear to think of the way in which Tim would 1 look at him if he fouenl out the truth about theso debts. lie would not eonceal the socorn and indignation he felt, and lie uould ' t very likely go and throw up his schooling, I and take a job in a wearing shop at eighteen- i pencen a weea I "Estice," said Jerry quavetin~gly, watch infnParmer Jdhic5,n's broad back lessoenng t in the perspective of the street, "Esthie,. lassie, say noewt o' this to Tim." " Io ye owe a lot o' money, Grandad ?" Esther asked anxiously: "' Aye, a goo'dih bit. But I dunnot want I Tim to-know o't." " Tim 'ud ol be vexed, for nsus." " He wouId, that, Estlie, he would that. I doubt ssmnetimes l'm be able-to pay 'em a':. "lout.,Gandad, what'll ye do if ye conna?' I demandfed the girl in sudden consternation. "I'se be able to pay if thi' Lord wills, 1Jthie," thLe old man totl'd her,with a curious - mixture of irrlesponsibility and faith. Esther pondered this view of the questipn in- silnce for a time. The noise about the. market-place began to hush into quietness; the horseswere brought from the inns and harnessed, and the carts rumbled away. Jerry, whose butter and eggs were nearly all iohld, counted out his money, and sarv to I himself in his thin eracked old volce. Esthller glancing tp at him, felt a sudden vague weight of responsibility. She re?lsed dimly that her grandfather was unfit to bear the t burdens of life. " Qrandad" she said suddenly, " tloo'd best let me tell Tim." A liadow of troubled alarm fell over?tleb old, wrinkled, irresolute fare. " -Nay, nay, tlloo ntOpnot tell Tim," he answered, " thccis np ca' to tell himn yet awhile. He'd do smntaat.clayy. He's not like thoo an' me! lie's had a-fine sight o' larnin', an' lie acts so rash some times that I've thot th' eddication niust ha' cone to 's t0Weel, thlo munnot fret, Gsandad," said hEsther thoughtfully. " Wo'so talk it ower. just thou an' me, wi' no one by. I mun tak' these eggs across to Widow G'eeen. heo'll allus boy any as are left owero' market days." She disaap:eared within the swinging door of a little shop, and Jeriy tried to emooth out the dietressed puckers in his old face, as lie suddenly saw Tim striding cheerily down thenarrow hilly street into the market place, all the blood in his veins tingling with youth and trengsth. Cacthing sight of ai old woman, with a fate like a withered West marland pippin, endeavouring to harness a rattmer dilapidated donkey to a little light cast, the'lad sprang forward to assist her;Y'd justing the traces and buckling the etraps with quick, easy adroitness. While he was tlhus occupied. Esthencame out of the shop tagain, running almost into the arms of FarmerPllizacklca, who was standing on tile step, fingering his tobacco-pouch thought fully, as if in uncertainty wlhether to re I penish it Chis afternoon, or to wait until next market-day. As Esther precipitated hIeralf against him, lie turned round with a " Whoa theer;" then, pereiving who it was. looked embarriessel and selfaconeeious, and began begit g her pardon, and pushing his fingers through his hair. hto unexpected concussion with the far mer's portly ligure had jerked a few pence from Esther's hand on the paving-stones of the street, where they spiln round among the muddy interstices of the pebbles. She stooped to ,recover them: then, as eahe lifted herself upright again, she looked straight at him without a blush or a falter and made a proposal. " blesther Phizacklca, I'll ride home i' thi cnart to-iigfit, if thoo likes." " El? wilt 'ce?" " Aye. An' pay thoo wi' a kiss for yin biteo' paper theoo showed me this mornin'." " Get i' t' ' crt first," said Phizacklea, swithl a not unkinilly smile, and a side wag of his htad. Esther frowned petulantly, and tshen her lips took a reolute curve. 4- " Virr. Wsct'l,'" ihe said. '" i man just tell i where Jerry stood patiently wuiting with thei baskits.t 'i Grandad, I'm goin' to ride enome wii' i ,Ietlier Phizs.cklea." Jerry loocd at her wictfully. HIIal Tint inoti been is t~svn the old man would have giren a ready cinsent to Estheri s proposi titos: but tie iiglht of thatt erect young figure int tihe distl:ace tmade him waver. " I ldoiubt Til '11 be vexed, dearie," le s:aidl irresolntely. " Then hio miun ie vexedt," Esth.er told Shim quickly, " for l'ee goin' to do't." She. et iher pretty wlite Ceeth linnly over lher nether lip. and, nmarchling off, clam bered into this red cart, hearing eearmer Phizalieai's btioi:d cIhusile of triumph as he mitcd aifter hlier, and took the rains into Iris tha s. She liokedl round foreTim. hit he stood ei iittured yards off, with his back ti thSl, iislill exchlanging jokes with the oll tll.:itsrt-tiittn. Hle was in tile samel 5tlti'tuile whsn the cart turned thesorner tih:tt led away from thie mainket-place, anid S])-glll jogging with tilerable speed in the I rrctiitt if Littlel Tarnsidc. The fresh bPccz ruiled the lit-lb rings of htjir on Esther's r forelheatd as shE peped att the young farmer , fromt undler lher eye-lashes, with meditative Stoltr.'tion in lher glance. s "llfow much does Graudad owe ye,DlMecsther P'lhizacklea ? "o she anked timidly, when tile f eatt had rumbledl across the bridge that spanneld Itadlry Beck. S" Five pun,six, an' sevenpence ha'penny." 1 "To niver lent it him, for sure ? " S " Not I. I dunno throw good money in t' 1 gutter i' that way. He.bought aplough, an' an owdish churn,an' two or three other things off me last back end. an' I towd him I'd wait to be paid till t' Spring. I'd no use for 'em, or hoe slhotldna' ha' had 'em wi'out t' brass down." " An' are ye willin' to gi'e up yon bit o' paper to me for a kiss. as ye said ?" There was no shyness about Esther's face as she a-sid thie question. She regarded this transaction as a pure matter of business. But Josiah's lips lengthened into their broad smile of self- lmporralce. " I dunno." he said, wagglinghis head with would-be hrewdlness. " Ye said ye would," Esther flashed out in quick indignation. " For shame, when yo would. Gie me thi,word on't,1Mesther L'hiz pcklca, or stdp t' cart, an' set me down to walk." "'Vhoa, my lass, whoa!" replied the farmer, rather" disconcerted at this sudden 6ufburst. " Thi tongue wang foster than Lassie's tail. I nivcer said I wouldn't, did I ? Ehl! but women are waur to manage than a litter o' young pigs!" 'the lane narrowed as they drew near to Little Tarnside, and at lasyltlte roofs of the grey cottages came in slgit. with silvery glimpses of the turn shining between them: and Esther sat upright in the cart, and put her hands to straighten her hat. Josiah pulled up his horse outside her grandfather's guat, and was turning to her, when she sud denly sprang to her feet and pointed to the yard. " Ell! aIesthcr Phlzacklea, theer's a cart i' t' yard:" " Aye, so thccr be," said Josiah in slow wonder, his glance following tlhe direction of her pointing ffiger. A somewhat heavy looking vehicle was drawn up upon the round 1taving Etones of the yard, and a little man, in a seedy-lookhng suit of black, sat, half-dczing, upon the divi'ng-scat. Antother man had located himself within the deep stone perda, and only'betraywol his presence by a -stout likg clad in blue worsted and terminated by a wooden clog. -Neither of them had moved at the sound of Plhzacklel's cart and they apipeared to have fallen asleep at their post. The young farmer did not speak for a moment, but sat eyeing both the man and their equipage with an intent look. y What's to do, I wonder?" said Esther, still in wide-eyed perplexity, " I man go and ax." '"I wouldna ox too much, Esthie," said the fanmer, who appeared tolnave madi up his mind about something. " Why- what dosta mean?" demanded Esther, wonderingly. " Theer's no good news for ye i' their mouths," said Josiah, decidedly. " Dosta know 'em?" inquired the girl. " Know'em-noti' my house," lie told her not without the half-pleasant feeling of ex citement that is apt to attend the mis fortunes of our neighbours, "I doubt they're t' shleriff's oflicerei Ehl! Esthi? thoo'n gotten as white as my owd mother's dough?" " Will-will they put Craudad i' prison?" Esther gasped out, holding tight to the side of the cart, in the strange giddiness that had seized upon her. '" ay, they'll nicer do that. They're come for t' livestock, that's a'." "~For t' livestock" " Aye, but ye've nobbut getten two cows. They'll tak' one o' them,sure eoow, an' both, if t' debts a big 'an," said Josidh, gloomily, not with any wish to add to ltEstier's trouble. but from the natural tactlessness of his nature. "' Ohs, Testher Phlizacklea, help us-thoo mun, help us" Esther cried imploringly, the tears streaming down her cheeks, as she looked up into his face. " I'll go an' speak to 'em," the farmer said dismounting from the eart,and throwing the reins on to-the horse's bhack. "Thoo bide whler thoo ase till I conimes back." ('lo be continued.) 