FROM OÎFîi EÄÖHAMES. IN municipal enterprise Glasgow is far ii advance of all other cities, Its corpora lion long ago acquired the gas and wate; undertakings ; in 1894 they took over thi tramways. They are about to establisl a municipal bank ! The city owns : labour bureau and the corporation hav< charge of ten churches, which they an bound to maintain. The municipality provides baths at twopence " a swim,1 and public wash-houses for the convent ence of house-wives who have not thi facilities for purifying clothes at home The city owns several model lodging houses, not to speak of a family home On Saturday afternoons during the wintei months there are corporation concerts the admission to which is one penny. Th< Council have laid out a golf course, th< rate for a day's play on which is two pence. In the summer months they have occasionally a dozen bands performing ir the public parks on one day ; they dea with cases of infectious diseases at theil own hospitals ; they have built, and arc still building, houses where the working classes can live at moderate rents. Onlj quite re ently the corporation opened 1 " People's Palace," in which musical en teriainments are given free. Apart from other projects on hand, such as acquiring the telephone system, the cleansing of the odoriferouj Clyde at a cost of over a mil lion sterliug, the establishment of free libraries, and the establishment of an electric system of haulage for the tram ways, the corporation seriously contem plated a measure the other day for the re form of the " corner boy," and have re solved to build for themselves on the banks of the Lock Katrine, a house for what one member called .« a home for de cayed councillors." Then a scheme for the municipalisation of the public-house is likely to be discussed. No wonder, therefore, Glasgow is looked upon as a go-ahead city.-Sheffield " Weekly Tele graph " Thomas Alva Edison is of Dutch des cent. He is deaf, through a box on the ears. He has taken out 1,000 patents. He is a millionaire ; the money has been earned by manufacturing instruments for sale. He is a total abstainer and vegetarian, and moderate in everything except work. He worked 20 hours a day for 15 years; he now works 14. He hates the sight of a telephone and an in candescent lamp. He gives employment to 45,000 people all over the world in the manufacture of apparatus of his invention. He was once refused admittance to his own works, his appearance causing him to be regarded as a "suspicious customer." He has been married twice. His first invention was an automatic voting machine. He has the best scientific library in the world. His laboratory costs ¿"40,000 a year to maintain. He is exceedingly sensitive, and the slightest word of disparagement vexes him very much. He used to test undergraduates who applied lor an appointment in the laboratory by telling them to sweep the floor. His duplex and quadruplex systems of telegraphy have saved the United States more than ¿"3,500,000. The'"Boggabri Star," after struggling for three years to keep going, has given up the ghost in disgust; and in its last number the editor gives a parting shot which, should it hit anything, will pro bably have a lasting impression. He says :.-'Drowsytown would be a good name for Boggabri. It has not one modern institution, and scarcely one of the appanages of the higher civilization of the end of the nineteenth century. The people are lying paralysed under the greatest curse that ever enthralled a com munity-soulless content. We do not mean that content that comes of all well regulated intellect, but that variety of the article discernable among a tribe of Bar coo aboriginies, atter they have had a good feed of possum or iguana. This town is the most backward of any of its age in New South Wales, and we doubt if .Edi son himself could devise my method to shift the bulk of the people out of the groove in which they have been so long fixed. If a cyclone came along and tried to shift the people of Boggabri out of their normal groove the odds are the cyclone would be thrown back seriously injured, while the townspeople would go on as though nothing had happened. We feel that we cannot bring our career to a close without giving our heartfelt thanks to many who have stood manfully by us. The people have been loyal friends, staunch supporters, and have encouraged us by their sympathy and in many other ways. Being compelled to leave them is a keen and poignant source of regret. Had only a few of the other section of the community acted as those referred to, we would have been able to have remain ed and struggled for the advancement of the district.' 