A LIFE SAVED; r Ger orge Marner, of'Victoria-road, Au burn, had a* severe experience with his seco'nd daughter. Alice, who had beeni a sifferer from weakness for some years, more especially after parssin her fifteenth' year. On interviewing AMr Marner, who is well. known in banking circles, he informed our representative that, he had at one time teen under the impression he would lose his daughter, medical men whom he had con suited asserting that she was overgrowing her strength to such an extent that. Nature could not possibly stand it. " But," re marked Mr Marner.. ".you had better see her yourself," an invitation that was cheer fully:availrd of. Miss Alice, who had the reverse appear ance to that of delicate health, said that she had commenced,'some two years previous. to feel very ill ..after returning home from school, I. did not feel' sdfliciently unwell Ito take to my bed, but experienced a con tinued languid feeling that made me feel most miserable. Father took- me to see a medical'man and he said that. I was over growing my. strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclina ion to do so, there was no fear of'my disobeying this order, and 'I took the ' quinine:tonic ' given me . with - regunlarity. '?? Thedn I commenced to feel a lot of pains in my shoulders and. back, and at 'night I could scarcely.get any rest.". -" We. tried everything tob indlio? slep," interposed Mr Marner, but it- had no. effect,:andthen I: consulted - a.well-knowsn Collins-street practitioner. He said that my daughter was suffering, principally: fromi weakness,. and adviised a. change. Her mother took her away. for a trip to Queens land, but she returned looking worse than she' went. Shortly after passing her six teenth birthday she b:came worse. retching: on rising in the morning. Any food taken could not he kept down ; she lost flesh and -became a more ghost of her former self." "This time last year," said Miss Alice, " I weighed 7st 31b, now I am 9st 71b." "A great improvement. Your treatment. must have been benefisial 1" "No ; all the medicirie I got did me very. little good. Actually Dr Will'ams' Pinik "Pills for Pale People deserve that credit Just before the Jubilee liolidavs last year father bought me a box of Dr Williams Pink Pills at Mr Pleasance's, Chapel street: Prahran. They did me so much good that I continued with them. It is four months since I discontinued taking them, and I am -now as healthy as anyone could wish to be. I mierely speak from experience, but that has satisfied me." "And you would recommend them 1" " Yes; and that strongly too," said Mr 3Harner. " Had I known of Dr Williams Pink Pills two years before it would hive saved me a hundred pounds." The genuine Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are sold only in wooden boxes, about two inches in leigth, encircling which is a blue warning' labeL The outside wrapper has the full name Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, printed in red. They. are never sold in bulk, or from glass jars, and any dealer who offers substitutes in this form should be avoided. He is a man who would show equal readiness in employing impure drugs when making up prescriptions. In case of doubt it is better to send direct to the DrWilliams' Medicine Company,Flinders street Melbourne, enclosing the price, 2s. 9.1. a box, or six boxes for 15e. 3d. These pills are not a purgative, and they contain nothing that could injure the most delicate. The Catholic Young Men's Society held their weekly meeting on Monday last, the president, Mr C. A. Fox, in the chair. During- the evening three papers were contributed, " C.Y.Md. Societies and other Improvement Societies," "Swimming," and 'Off Theory of Cricket." The brass, band will play selections of music at the Back Beach rotunda on Wednesday ev ning next. A collection will be made in ai of the b'nd funds. A difference of. £2.6 5s is shown between the amount represented by entries and that to be given away in prizes at the forth eomiig annual rifle mtches at the butte; 