COUPI<E'£E STOEY. ^PUBLISHED BZ SrECUL ABBANGEJOZST.} . WM. RAYNOR. [copiwGnr.] ' ORAff Balmer J vatinthepar /•. lonr of her B fathcrV house at Smartstone in Yorkshire. Before her was an open news paper which had been de livered by the postman a few minutes pre viously. It was the i 'Wurrynrayo (Australia) \- Mercury, and there was quo paragraph which had been marked in red ink, apparently to cult Norah's attention to it. DEATHS. HO&XUA8TLE.;—On tinturday, the 8th Sep tember. at Wurrywayo, John Stuart Horn castle, aged 22 years, of dysentery, alter an lilness of only two days. Norah stared at the paper with dry eyes, her lips draxvn tightly together with an ex pression of inward agony on her face. Then nature came to her relief, and alio sobbed piteously. 41 Dead !".sbe cried. 45 Ob, my poor, poor Jack! - The light.of my life is blotted out." And it seemed as . if she spoke . truly. Instead of the brisk, happy Norah of old, she became as if by the touch of a magician's wand a plodding, careworn young woman, going about her work in her father's bouse without heart, and simply as a matter of duty and routine.. : * * In one short day she appeared to have aged ten years. Morah's father was a grocer, hut his trade was not flourishing. Ho was a "shopkeeper of the old scheel; competition had arisen which He could not cope with; and that, and an unfortunate tendency on. his part to drown his cares in the cup that inebriates, had sent him on the downward path. By for his largest creditor was Frank Parketer, a young man of means who had succeeded- to a good wholesale grocer's business , and Frank had fallen hopelessly in love with Norah Balmer —hopelessly, because her heart was already given to Jack Horncastle. Frank, however, was a persistent suitor, and had more than once intimated to old Samuel Balmer that- if he could induce his daughter to accept him he would wipe off all his debts and practically pension the old man off. To do Mr. Balmer justice, ho had not, hitherto, prosed Norah on-tbe subject. He lespected her love for Jack, and now that Jack was dead, after allowing tirao for the first passionate grief to subside, he gently put it to her whether 'she could not bring herself to marry Frank Parketer and save her old father and herself from ruin. Norah did not care what happened to her, aud she allowed herself to be lea like a lamb to the slaughter. Frank Parkcter's and North's tastes did not prove to be in common. Fast, fond-of a towu life, and a little given to betting, he soou got tired of bis handsome! quiet wife, and, seeking those pleasures that were con genial to him, he left her at home to care for , their only child, a girl. Norah. Mrs. Parketer passively submitted .to his neglect; and when,' after six years of wedded life, her husband died from the effect* of dissipation, leavinghtssffairs so involved that sho was thrown on -the world almost penniless, she applied herself with quiet fortitude to tho task of earning bread for herself and her daughter. As a mother she loved her little Norah devotedly, though her life, so to speak, was buried with Jack Horu castlo. • * Little Norah was'"little"- no longer. Although only sixteen cho was tall, with a sedato and pensive expression which gavo her an appearance of beiug older than she really . Mrs. Parketer had contrived fo keep her daughter and herself by means of her needle, but her sight'had lately been failing, and tbe doctor told her that she, must give her eyea a complete rest or. aha would very likely go blind. This seemed impossible,-but young Norah had «t herself to dearn. shorthondund typewriting, and was flow, trying hard to obtain a situation, so as by her earnings to lefc her mother havo the rest she required. - She answered.advertisements and > eagerly, watched the postman.'ou his rounds, but disappointment had hitherto been her lot. At last, however, one morning* there waa the unusual bat welcome "rat-tat." 44 Mother, mother!" she cried. 44 I've gota letter. I ora to go and seo the gentleman this morning. It's at the 4 Australian WoolV; Agencv' in Moorgate street." 411 pray God you may be successful; my - • darling.1' ./ ""Oh, I am sure I shall get the place," cried Norah hopefully." Ihaveapresentiraent that-;. I shall." > -. 44 Ah, child, presentiments,' when tbey> are : i of good fortune, are mostly thoughts horn of • wishes," replied her mother. mo . look at the letter." N Norah handed bar a typewritten note. 44 Sir. Horocastle will, be glad if Miss Paxkoter-. will call upon him to-morrow.."-.' morning atelevSir-o'clock."-. • . .. "Horacastlo I" murmured Mrs. Parkcter. 44 How different it would all have been if poor Jack had not died." ' '/ "What did you* say, mother?"1 asked Norah. ■ 44 Nothing, my darling. I was only think--. ing. Tho name of Horncaatle reminded me * of someone whom I know years ago. If tho - name goes for anything in tlio 'way of good •• luck,"* she added, with a ghost' ot-a smile, 44 yoa otighi ro he successful." Norah, anxions not to bo Late, arrived in Mborguto street full ten minutes too soon. - ■ The vouth who was in the office knew her. • errand, and the idea of this tall, ladylike girl: being his fellow-clerk, was curious io hinw He received her with a 'strange mixture of shy. . respect and familiarity; . . ,\ 44 Mr. Horn castle hasn't com'e yet, miss," he said. u It's not a market day, you know, and he's never hero bcioro ricven on 4 off day h-' " -r-r. • 44 Oh, thank you," she. auswered timidly. . 441 will wait." ' 44Hero's a chair, miss," said.the clerk,-.as • he shifted one towards her. u. The guvnorhi ■ sure to he here at eleven. He's awfully • punctual." . . • 4 ,A • The ten minutes seemed' an ago to Norah. • but. precisely as the clock in tho Buuk of England clanged out the hour the office door; was thrown open, and a iiuc^ broad shouldered, athletic-looking mau of..-about forty years of age, or perhaps a little' mote,^ walked :o. He glanced at the girl who was '' sitting m the railed- iaspace'thiit did duty for: a waiting-room, and, as ho did so,: his facn' r; paled visibly and he stared at her so fixedly, : that'she felt quite confused". „ . 44Ah! You've called in answer to my-, note, haven't you?" ho said, as ho noticed ; her rising colour. 441. will- see.yoa almost immediately—as soon as* I have opened my. letters." The letters were few and unimportant that^ morning, and what there were were quickly-V thrown aside. Bat Mr. Horncastle sat with' bis chin on his hand in deep thought. .. : "Strange!" he muttered. "1 selected. > her letter out of hundreds because of the namo .- - of Norah, and she's the very' image of -my, ^ poor sweetheart." ■ • Then he remembered, that the "imago."...; was wuiting, and he called for her to bo-. • shown in. .. 44 Take a seat. Miss Parkcter,?V he suid, as he artfully placed a'chair where the lights would'fali full upon tier. •4 You can use tho typewriter?" She was nervous.and trembling.. 441 havo learnt it, sir," she replied.. ?4Bufc; - • I—I've not had a sitnarion yet.". • . l'I«ee," he said, smilingly. 44And tlio idea of applying for one flurries- -you a. little.- • • \Voll, now, suppose you* take a note- of* a ;;: letter in shorthand and -then type if. atr the machine, so that I can see how you manage* "• it. Take your time now, and don't bo - totf anxious. -' I atn quite willing to rauke alT allowances for you," ho added kindly. ••/,. - This big. strong- gentleman was verynico -' and reassuring, Norah thought,- and it gavo.^ ■ her courage. ,She took the note from his-' dictation and typed it absolutely.'without ; mistake.- . * " 44 That's famously done." he said.' : And ho offered her a wage which 'was conridcrably more than she had expected. . ' " '.-a.. .14 You can start to-morrow." he continued^'' 44 But before you go raigbt'I ask jnn*a fewv - questions as to yourself ?" i Norab crimsoned as she opened her little Satchel. - _ ' '' 44I quite forgot, sir," she, answered. "I have a letter here na to mv character from , our clergyman and also one from the firm • that mother has worked for as to our. respect ability." . ^ 441 did not mean that," lie replied, with a , wavo'of the hand. 441 am'satisfied with yoit vrithout' anything of that 'sort. Bat yon remind ma forcibly of; someone else; Where 'wereyou born?"y ' The abruptness of the question startled her. ' "I—Iwas born at 'Smartstono inYork ' ihirei'sir.". -' r .*•" Very- extraordinary! "Very- extra-' . ordinal 1" h© exclaimed. " Hare you'any one of thenamoofBalmeria your family ?" * f'STy motherVmaiden name was Balmer/J: she said; . ^ . ... \ "ItV strange," ho cried. " I thonglit : that 1 knew every family' in Smartsfcone, and yet I only know oneBalmer. Samuel Balmer; ' the grocer.1'; -■: . "He was my grandfather, sir. Irecollect him well/> Hoj died' when 1. was six years . old; justhefore.iny ownfnther died]" • Mr.'Hdrn'castle jumped from Ills chair and walked the room excitedly. "Is your .mother's uamo Xorab, liko .yours?" he asked. -"Yes, liername'sNorah, sir." . "Then I've beon wickedly imposed upon," ho cried. And, shouting to the youth in the. office, he told him to fetch a cab immediately. ■ Theu he unlocked a safe .and took- a-small •packet of newspapers from a drawer.; •And m less tbun boll an hour.a cab.con taining Hr. Horncastle aud.-the' wondering \- Norah drove up to thelittlp house at High bury,, where sbc.aud her mother lodged.' ' ^"Norub !" '■■ V "Jack!" _• ..And Mr. Horncastle's newly-engaged . lady clerk was astounded to see her employer seize-her mother," who 'started sobbing hysterically,' and clasp her to his breast. •• "Icannot have'you for a clerk, Norahj", said Jack Horncastle, after be had heard her mother's story. V You must he my daughter instead."'" " 1. VV*'-.. . "But, Jack!" cried Its. Parketer. "I don't understand it. 'Your death' was adver tised m the paper." . ^So was yours, my love," he said.- *" I have.the old copy of the Smartstone Chronicle in mv pocket. Look!'^ ^ . • • •.. - " : And Mrs: Parketer and yoiing Norah read •the advertisement of the former's death. ■ "Yes, it's in that- paper," said Mm. Parketer. . " But I cau swear it wasn'tthe real Smartatono Chronicle*., because; father took it every week,-und—and it's absurd "Someone must-have falsified the papers both in Australia and iu England," said. Jack. Some villain-^-". " Hush, •'•Tack,"* abe said, J gently. / "It xnitbf'have been Frank. He's dead." . And* so it proved. • Jack met .a. man in London some timo afterwiirds who .had been at Wurrywayo, and who know a printer in the newspaper office, a relative of Parketer's. On his deathbed this punter had eonfessod to Jack'sinformant that be had altered the type, by arrangeraent' with. Parketer, after the. regular copies of the paper had been printed, and had .'inserted a false notice of Jack's d&ath; in it.; . :"It seemed'to-'haunt him in His dying hour," said rtho;inun.' ".He told me all about"it, and made; me .^promise to "try and undo any - mischief that might have been done. , Bat it was so long ago that J thought it better not to take any notice." • J* But how about tho Smartstone paper?" queried Jack. V Ob, of course, Parketer must have played n uimp Wr»V fhnrp. t/in ! TTf» hrihsd . enmn. the same trick there, too! He bribed some body iu the office to strike off one -false print. It would be easy enough if the paper wasn't stereotyped." "i* 