iHc. 'wE' is o. DRINK. per with It--?,nr. \aileon'. l'e t. For hie shll he gr.,,, ill the sight of the Lord, and shal.,ilik ' ,e;isOr w U le e nr astrol .drink; an4 1. shall ",- liieid wvith the Holy Ghost.evs a t(rma hismther's wnmb.--Luk. The mig'i; of strong drink is a subject which it is periln.s i.i t iscnuss. It is mnightier than pn ? ,blic Wl,iion. It defies law, it tramples upon iihe rights of hu manity, it breaks every law of the deei .logue, or leads to their being broken, and yet it intrenches itself in politics so that a minister touches it at his leril. Vast sums are invested in the business .byprofessedChrisiian ,eople.: The profits are said to be fabulous in amount. ft buiys out the law and right. The range of subjects open to an honest and fear lese'ministsr is bencomiug excreliugly small. The enornous evils of drink are so apparent and so utterly at varianudce with man's interests we would suppose that all Christian people would unite in staying its march: but, alas, such is not the case. .Do not drink wine nor strong drink,. thou nor thysons with theo, when tho~l goest into the tabernacle of 'the congre gation lest ye die" (Leviticus x, 9). i. clouded brain, a thick tongue would not: then be tolerated in the service of the Lord. It ought not to be now, either in the pulpit or in congress. God bless the man who says that. A Nazarite was separated from strong drink. Strength was the result as in the case of Samson no more than of Daniel Webster, who gave to his youthful training and temper ance the credit for his wonderful strength of brain,which in later years he lost through strong drink. "And thouan shalt have joy and glad ness, * *f s: forheehallneitl~erdrink wine nor strong drink." ' Drink would have ruined all this. The blue ribbon i ovement saved, not only: Spurgeon's Sbby,; but seaved the great preacher to the cause: of.temperance. We need to ,workithis temperance business among .the youthL. They can be taught to sing it ad pray it and love it. Nothing can be inore helpfil than the turning of the -attention of the youth in the public' schools. SJohn had miore thian abstinneice froifi .wine and strong drink.: lie 'eas given to Christ from, his youth..; Let us bring our childreni to Christ. , Surrender them, to the Holy Spirit's guidance. Nothing can match .it. A childwell biorn ndud raised is half converted,' . :: When I went to Boston Mr HUuiiae was under the-power ;of' soh-ng- drink: He ,.went to the warcland dirank-fearfully. In the convalescent canmp he was a wreck--head tied up and eyesablack. He "caime to h'ear e goungi stopped drink ,and becamie the finest tEiipirauce orator in the worlad. One-morning, weakened in body, he took some quinine bitters in which was -alcohol. It rekindled the fire which consumned iris .-very hope and landed him on the lei shore of perdition.. Renry Wilsoil on the edr l1an11d shows how safe-a masn is trhu: Insrfusi' to touch it. His father and iauily w're dirunki ards. God opetic h is eyes. L?e i'sanged hisname. ie. raefuen d to taste itwithi_ John Quicey Adams when asked: to. drink. "Tha?." said he, "was'myc?r- cial mouent. I told him to excuse me, that mynparents were drunkards and if I tasted it I would be gone." John Quincy Adams sent it from the table and praised him for abstaining. Itsaved' him and he climbed Oc '~?1 position of power and intfluecu.r 'there is something exhllara.,r :._' the launching of a great steamer that is fittedto brave the dangers of the deep: See her as she moves out loaded to the gunwales. Contrast it with a wrecklon the shore.' There is this difference be-: tween 'a child reared to be temperate and one given up to strong drink.-Ser mon by Rev. J. D. Fulton, D. D. 