0UBRENT TOPICS. Great is Die power rif prophecy 5- -The Roldltc organ possesses it. 'in a remarkable degree, and of course uses it against the . pestileht Opposition. AVe are to have a speolfle fede-, yal iirograinme, and the, Opposition will be co'riipelled; in follow it under linin of. losing AVhat little reputation they lirive loft. VEx-' actiy. what the, Government means to propose ; tiris not' yet been , disclosed." In fact tlie Goveriimen.t, has neither made rip" its own , riilnd on <the, subject, nor has It consulted,' any of the other. Governments. Neverthe- less,. "know all men by these presents that the pfOgrainine '- will be definite, agreeable./ to all shades, easy 1o follow, and the Oppo- Fjtipn. will be dished. A pleasant wily this, 'pra'eie has, truly. If It does not think vie are all living in Gladesvlile one member of Its staff ought to he birched at a primary school. If riot, what sort of people does It take the \- Opposition to be whom It Is trying to dragoon in 'this simple fashion? Translated into tho English, not of diplomacy or prophecy, but of common sense, the Reldite announcement Is simply this: "The Government husn't got a shadow of an idea of what to do. Neither has it a ghost of a notion of what the other colonies are likely to think. There Is no programme of any kind, except a very uncer tain beating "of the air, and an elaborate pretence of visiting country magnates. But the Opposition has got to support the Go vernment through thick and thin in its fede- ral policy, or take the consequences, be they what tliey may';" Tiio Opposition is at pre sent smiling over the cool effrontery of this very remarkable ntternncc. By and bye It will take time to imiite 'iip lis mind nbout Its. course of action," according to events. In the consideration ! orudltleii will .not count Jot- nny'thlrig. 'Perhdpa there may be no events, through sheer lack of. power on the Govern ment-side to arrange for anything definite. At present 'if is notorious -that i.ho Cabinet Is jjuritlysed by Iriternnl division. What else can all the . circumstantial. 'Carruthers- Want . gossip amount to?. 'When that difficulty is over, who will find the definite Idea? The Rcldlte-s know, because -the bulk of the talk of dvalltiori comes from. them. They want ideas from the Barton side: In the mean time It Is good to bluff the world with pro phecy. But for goodness sako let It. be done with some appearance of Judgment. ' Another grant has' been'.-authorlsed. to the West Indian sugar Industry by the Imperial iHcuse of C.'oriiinons. and Mr. Chamberlain points out: ihat. the- grants must be .eon-, tlriued until Hie sugar industry In restored to its normal state. 'lie characterises these grahts as necessary expenses of the Empire, and iihder cover of this thin apology com mits tlie free-trade .'British' to a policy' of direct protection. "The position is highly in consistent. The- sugar grown by direct money stlinulus Is, of course, .expected to. take its chance in the British market with other sugar. So far there is free-trade, but this very West Indian sugar Is 'artificially stimulated by. money- contributed- by the British taxpayer, 'who consumes it. It , would ,be more logieai and candid for the British Government to( resort to preferential duties in favour 'of the product of Its West Indian, colonies, but 'that wo'Ad .be protec tion, and the conventional British politician, liag-ridden by, Cobdunism, still shies .at any thing in the nature of a protective duty. Call it by soine other name, and, self- deceived, he willingly swallows the protective prin ciple.. According to nil free-trade laws, If the West Indian sugar cannot live In open ! competition In the world's markets it should , be permitted to perish, but without its sugar, the West Indies- would be but a barren orna ment to the English Crown. Consequently! free-trade is violated, In order that the I117 (lustry may flourish. . It will riot be long bo- iore . tills direct prpteetlori of money grants will give Way to the! more scientific and less obnoxious system of protection oy means of Customs duties, -and once this occurs other : industries will put in their, claim for protec- Uori, and the. end of Cobdenism -wilt have conie. The eXperleiiee of tile West Indies 1 should be an extremely , appropriate , object- lesson to us here, where the same sugar in- "du&try; which the British Government Is spending vast sums of money to maintain is bring .slaughtered in deference to a policy .which even England, the nursery of free- trade, has practically abandoned. Recent revelations in connection with ilie Aweatlrig evil in Sydney have effectually clos ed the mouths of the free-trade enthusiasts, who were wont to point to Melbourne as the homo of all sweatihg nnd debasement of the industrial workers. Mr. S. -Barker lectured at the Trades Hall yesterday upon the sweat-' lug evil-. Of course, this evil exists In every city Under tlie sun in a riiore or less pro nounced degree. It Is rampant even In free- trade Sydney. In Victoria the minimum wage bourds have had the effect, Mr. Barker tells us. of stamping out sweating in the trades brought under llielr Jurisdiction— tile furnltrive, baking, houlmakliig and / uilfier- clothing, trades. On llie other hand, Mr. Barker points to Die existence of a large , amount of sweating in Sydney, particularly- in the clothing trade; and calls, as witness, the fact "that Die prices quoted in departmen tal reports here are in a great many -instances' much lower thau is the case in Melbourne. Mr. Barker urges the need for similar legis lation hern with reget .1 to the establishment of minimum wage boardB, claiming that Diey would produce similar satisfactory re3ultB in the sweated Sydney trades. Is this address of Mr. Barker's a libel upon Sydney?. ' No outcry conceruir.ri sweating lias been raised in tlie free-trade press ! so fnr, and Mr. 13ar- ger's severe censure upon the industrial posi tion here appears to be accepted as .vviimte, and altogether justified. The old theory that protection encourages sweating, urgol of old, with fairly malignant persistency, by the .free-trade press, goes by the board, and It appears that it is to protectionist Victoria that we must go for an example of respect able and comfortable industrial conditions. Here, with the products of the workers sub - . jected tn competition with 'thi cheap shoddy of the world, the., unfortunate worker has his, or more often her, neck under the heel of grasping, grinding, sweaters; arid has no appeal. In Victoria, with the local mar- ket , secured /to the local" worker, organised labour is. strong , enough to buttle for and win Its natural rights. The lesson should not be thVown away upon Die sweated; trades of Sydnej'. At the lust weekly meeting of that somewhat mysterious -organisation the Transit Com mission, it was stated that there were gene ral- complaints to the effect that 'buses ne glected to walk round corners and when crossing ntiroets. ! The Mayor gave orders that the matter should be attended to; The foregoing Is a rather peculiar item of infor mation'. What are the public to understand the reform? Are they to. believe that tlie idiosyncrasy eomfilahied of on the part of . 'biis-itfivers, and on the part of a good many other drivers for the, matter of that, has Just been discovered by, the Transit Commisslon- eis? And, If so, is.lt to be supposed that the commissioners, having far weightier mat ters than, the; pribii'c convenience and safety \- to muse over, walk the slreets and, having eyes, see riot, and ears, nnd do not hear? At - any' :rate it seems more 'than' a trifle strange that a body, the vaison d'etre of Which Is the regulation of traffic, have only just foil'nd but something connected with ilielr duties'whlch has long been only loo ob vious to every other member of llie commu nity, it Is a reasonable conclusion that the cominir, sinners! who' meet every iveek,. did not previously' liripw of tiie repeated disregard of the regulations evinced by some drivers, or tliey would have taken long ago the necessary slepti to ensure obedlonne to the regulations. Of course there is an alternative proposition, viz., that the commissioners walt for the pub lic to take the Initiative before acting. But if this latter suppositlbh be correct, the ne cessity for a Transit Commission at all ceases to be apparent" to the ordinary mind, That .no steps have . been taken by the authorities named' to check a great arid growing danger to all tliobe who Use our streets would seem to be str'ongly evidenced -by the fact that one Aever hears of prosecutions of drivers for going at speed over crossings and round cor ners. And yet the commissioners are as sisted by a staff of offloc-rs who are presum ably ahvayB upon the streets and in posses sion of , their eyesight and other ! faculties! Probably. In the regujatlon of traffic, as in other matters, It Is the "letter which kills," and it may be that the energies of the com missioners and their satellites have been somewhat frittered away by'mlnule atient.'<w. to petty Infringements of; tliejr edicts. They may have the misfortune to strain at gnata and swallow camels, Which is not seldom the weakness of offinialdom. , ; In Die ease of', the French illier B'ourgogne. tiie truth turns out. to lie considerably worse thari Die en bia'd accounts. They Were bad enough. But Die truth goes beyond the bounds of the imaglnahle.E5taggering through Die horrors of the descrlfitiye' accounts the reafter comes in each, case reeling to one conclusion. Only one woman was saved. '.It Is tlie monotonous, reourrliig, invariable aw- rul refruhi. Out of all the hundreds of \vo- men anil, childreri on . board; only one was saved. Yet there were saved 200 men put of the company, of 'seven liuridr'e(t,and oven Tho fact Is suggestive enough for the poor est 'Imngjfia tlon. Rut we are not left to any suggestion 01" to any imagination. We have the ractfl. which.no human soul outside of hell cculd have Imagined without tills .prompting. CallouBnpss,' neglect, temporary loss of head, cowardice, all these have happened before In . sill p.wrecks, and will again. .But murder, de- Tlberdtc arid /most horribly wholesale, never till now appeared In such scenes. And murder.- of the weak and defenceless, of . those, whose cllrri to.-tHe protection of the strong Is the first rule. of minds truly manly. /The, officers sOem to :hnve done their duly, for every man of them went down with, tlie ship. Some noble tilings there were, as the he-' . liavlour of those priests In the last hour, whose only thought was for others. No doubt too many a. man died doing/ his duty.; :: But the crew? Where Were they in that scene of demoniac. fighting, murder and trampling to death of women .and children ? ;. It ;is/ not recorded that they attempted/as a .body to. , stand between, these wolves, and their, prey,! On the cbntrafy, It Is written that they joined many , cif 'them; In the '-frantic bloody work. .How/ elsooould .vlt- iiaye;. happened that only one woman came ' out ' . alive? Forty women were 'drowned on a raft for lack- of some one to , cut the. ropes. Scores were murdered as they hung on to -the life-lines of boats after the ship had foundered. These facts are damning- evidence of the disgrace ful behaviour of at least a large section of the crew. These have east an Indelible stain on ' the mercantile marine of France. That Frenchmen" should haVe . been 'found so wanting Is one of the darkest facts of the expiring nineteenth century,' The cultivation of ramie fibre Is another of the goi'geous.-vprojects/foi' the advancement of the rigiicuitural' Industry which, like the lndiarubber craze, Shed a halo about the commonplace head of, Mr. Sydney Smith,. The ' subject Is revived once more hi a letter re ceived by the late Minister for Agriculture from a London firm. TlilB firm, after an nouncing that they are prepared to buy "large quantities" of the fibre, stipulates that "the price must be! low." The fibre can ' lie stripped by hand "If labour is cheap." This is not the sprt of Industry to commend itself to our agriculturists. It is a blaekfellow's; 'industry.' -Labour is not cheap here, and we want no industry calculated to cheapen It.1 Consequently a low-prlceduiroduct contains no attraction '.for our agriciuturists, and the "English firm" must look elsewhere for . its fibre. The -production - of raw products has gone far .enough here, and we want noiv to encourage ' "skilled labour, de riving high wages from the exercise of intelligent and trained faculties. Mr. Sydney Smith cannot haul himself back' into power by means of i'ariile fibre. Maize, potatoes, cattle, butter, ; cheese, and other agricultural and agrarian products pay much better than such a crop as ramie fibre, which "will grow wherever "the common nettle grows." Such a miserable, common product, growing as a weed, lias 110 attraction for our farmers, and., they would do well to turn as deaf an ear to the wooing of .the Smithhin syren on this matter as they did to the recital of the gorgeous results to be derived from giving up sugar und going In for indlarubber. If Mr. Smith has nothing belter to offer agri culturists than "low prices" and "cheap la bour" his disappearance. from office will not cause any. deep regreti At any/, rate the ramie fibre proposal will not cause , ly. wildly enthusiastic demand for his recall upon tho Xini't of tlie land-users of New South Wales. 