Topics of the Week. mOM SEVERAL POINTS OF YKEW. i ( »'Colonel Bell, the American Consul, has rece fed numerous offers from Australians to volunt« . 'for the war." Provided their expenses are pt . jof course. I wonder if it has struck the asti ' ¡Colonel that Klondike is fearer 'Frisco than Sj ney. Heaven forbid that I should insinuate ar thins; derogatory to the honesty of the "volu iteers;" but some of these fire-eaters, perha] think that a free trip to 'Frisco would just abc suit them. Once there they might remember important appointment somewhere up north, a 'depart Alaska-wards rapidly and unostentatious "Their troubles" about . the war. The Unit States, with its 60,000,000 people, can provide sui ? dent for its needs without paying for men fr< {Australia.-R. * . * * * . ' ' The "Klondyke News," the first newspaper pi lished in Dawson City, contains some interesti 1 particulars of life in that far-away El Dorac {That wages are, unusually high, and . the cost i "living ¿proportionately dear, is, of course, kno' to everybody. But what is not generally knoi \- ? ls that dance girls can pick up millionaires in ' time./ Two of these girls married "money," t : third day after arrival. The chief amusemer appear to be gambling and dancing. One advertís . ment sets out that "poker tables are always op* in our card-rooms;" while another goes one be ter, and proclaims that "for an exciting gam our card-rooms cannot be beat." Men, it is sai ure selling their claims for "comfortable" fo tunes. The case is related of one M. M.-, wi Bold one-half of his interest in 27 Bonanza f 40,000dol, and at- once repaired to a dance ha to have a good time, "In some manner," the n port states, "he got into a row with a Canadlt there, and when they separated them,-ht eight knife wounds upon his person. . Willia .»--, sewed him up with a darning needle. ~ jsvlll leave for Nebraska-if he lives." Klondil Bcems to be as remarkable-for its mosquitoes ¡ Xor its gold. The little news sheet-which, t the way, costs 3s a single copy-reports the loi of a horse, which had strayed from the hills 1 the bottom lands, where mosquitoes and gadfli« are thickest. Before the unfortunate animi could regain the hills he succumbed from loss < . blood, "his veins being actually sucked dry t , the pests."-Q. / * * . ; The; war betwee« America and Spain will, do som "good to the world', inasmuch as it will cau¿e man ^Journalists to brighten up .theirgeographical knov ledge a little^ " The ignorance displayed by a goo '"¿nany papers as to the position-of American state ', mad American towns, is something stupendous. Aus . tralian«, are. the first to rise up on their "benin ?legp" to point with lofty acorn to the gross mistake ?'©T people who address'their letters to "Sydney South Australia," yet we have leading Australia! newspapers assuring their readers that the Amerl can navy,is patrolling the seaboard of the State o Michigan ; and other similar choice morsels of know ledge. Geography, one of the meet instructive am Interesting of lessons^ seems to be taught in a sin CUlarly haphazard fashion throughout the colonies It is a pity, because in after life, when the young 'Australian grows up to be a leader-writer, and seti forth to instruct his subscribers on the influence wielded by the Sultan .of Timbuctoo on the Afghar frontier, and some . irreverent reader mockingly points out that some one has blundered, lt may de tract somewhat from the great and good moral in fluence wielded by leader-writers, Australia ÍÉ bound to be a land wherein men of many nations urill meet, already there ie a somewhat mixed popu lation residing on our shores, and, considering our (touchiness when anyene says that the capital of New ßouth Wales is Mudville, we ought to learn to re spect the prejudices of others, and not esk a leading nobleman of New Guinea how his old parents in Patagonia are getting on. With regard to Austra lian geography itself, books bearing on it are mostly ieopied ene from another, abd the mistakes perpetu ated; and that the knowledge thus formed of the physical formaMon of our and other continents is extremely elementary, may be seen by the constant /errors made by politicians and journalists. If geo graphy was a Uttle better taught we should not have the pre¿6 writing about a Spanish fleet sailing out of Lima, which is*' about the same as a French paper talking of an Australian fleet sailing from Penrith, at which, of course, we should laugh.-F. . .» *. . , * \ Was lt in auger or in sorrow-I wasn't there to ¡hear it-that his Honor the Chief Justice the other clay offeréd our Treasurer-Premier, Mr. Reid, *thàt conditional congratulation of the bench upon his acceptance of the office of Attorney-General. Doubt less Sir Frederick Darley has seen "The Mikado," .and has a lively appreciation of the humor of the * character of Pooh Bah, holder of many offices. JA-Dyhow, his Honor blandly -told the right hon. gentleman that he didn't know whether it was' a subject of congratulation for him to be appointed 'Attorney- General, "but if it be," he added, "\veL congratulate you!" One can only hope that the C.J. didn't mean that it was doubtful whether the country should be congratulated on Mr. Reid's be coming .leader of the Bar.' But the Premier's ene mies will,-of course, be ready enough to put. that : einietcr construction upon thc queerest congratula-, .' tion heard from the judicial bench for many a gay.-A. , . ' The American press ls disposed to shed its Ink and dollars in the cause of Cuba. One journal offered a prize of 1000 dollars for General Weyler, "dead or alive." . This is not an exorbitant Bum to pay for an entirely new and original "printers' devil." Another paper will handsomely reward the person who captures the first Spanish flag. We cannot forget that two British boat flags still hang on the walls of a Spanish cathedral in Santa Cruz, the capital of Teneriffe; and, further, that they are a trophy of the only direct rebuff ever sustained by Nelson, so often described as our "greatest English Admiral." There is, it is true, no analogy between a naval attack in 1797 and one to-day. Yet we cannot deny the Spanish claim to having then defeated a first-class naval power; this is what America has to prove herself. And the capture of the ex-Commandant of Cuba, or the flag', so much desired by an American newspaper, may cost the value of the ship Shenandoah many times quadrupled. Meantime, in our own parti cular little cupboard, lurks the ghost of a Havana ?cigar-rmay its ashes never grow* less! Wicked filibusters may even now be regaling themselves with choice Manilas; and Sioux Indians lighting their pipes filled with the best Havana leaf. Spa nish dons may seize every available American cigarette as contraband of war; our Australian manhood will be, perforce, driven to smoke the fragrant leaf of the gum tree, while small boys will search disconsolately for cigar stumps which are not.-V. * * * * The latest news concerning the ticks ia very con tradictory. One day wa hear that the disease is dying out In Queensland, and another day that it is surely spreading south. The .last telegram, how ever, reads rather strangely to cattle men, namely, the well-known fact that inoculation has proved un doubtedly successful in cases where the stock has been left undisturbed, but has. had fatal results when the stock has been driven long distances, and the department has issued a warning to stock owners in consequence. Now, either the Queensland cattle men have, in collo quial language, "gone dotty," or there should be no need for any such warning. The tick fever, like pleuro- pneumonia, ls at once in creased by droving or even herding. Queensland, by far the largest cattle-breeding colony, has na turally had its full shore of ailments, and for years has been scourged by pleuro. In oculation for pleuro,- as . Inoculation for tick, brings on a temporary fever, which is at once aggravated by herding together or drov ing-nay if the disease is latent on the run, herd ing and droving will cause it to show out. Although' it was done by some people in the early stages, no man now would inoculate a. mob of cattle and start them on the road. Considering the greater average mortality from tick fever than from pleuro,"it ^seeing but rational. that droving, etc., would be more ag gravatingly fatal from tick inoculation than inocu lation for pleuro. If the Government have had to teach cattle breeders their business in this fashion, grandmotherly legislation- must be making great strides. It's much like telling a man that if he mistakes strychnine for epsom., salts, he won't be able to rectify the error.-F. . * ?'» ' "Among Oxford and Cambridge men there ls a sort of indefinable standard-a standard of what I may call impalpable culture." This, amongst similar allusions, was the point of Lord Hampden's speech at the University commemoration. We may readily concede that an Oxford man carries about with him the hall mark which is vaguely describ ed as "good form." We may also admit that sometimes he is little,more than a gentlemanly athlete. But we cannot so easily grant to Oxford tho appropriation of Alfred the Great. The oldest university has lately celebrated its noble founder, and is fond of toasting Alfred at "millenary" din ners. But Cambridge will have none of it. And various learned persons have proved-amongst other things-that Alfred died quite ;four centu ries before Oxford was, thought of. But, whether St. Neot was an elder brother of Alfred the Great, a Cornish saint, a professor of Oxford, or com bined these occupations, we do not care a Saxon oath! What is hard to bear is the fact that Al- . fred's ears were never "sounc.y boxed.'.' No men tion of cakes-burnt or otherwise-exists in any authentic record. And this lost illusion is due to Oxford mal- appropriation.-V. * * * * How fares it with federation in the midst of the wars and alarms now agitating the world? "Too much oratory," says one critic. "That is better than too much government," responds another-an anti-federalist. Anyhow, the controversialists are making night hideous with their orations, and the papers dull with their scribblings, on the great question to be determined on June 3 next. And a pretty splitting up of parties the Constitution Bill is responsible for, indeed. Freetraders fore gather with protectionists, and Conservatives are found in association with Domain Democrats, de nouncing,the measure as if it was the veritable1 off spring of the Evil One. It would almost seem as though the father was against the son, and every man's hand against his brother, in hopeless con flict, not only over the bill as a whole, but over almost every clause in it. Which does not say "much for the federal spirit. Even the experts differ; indeed, they would seem to be more hope lessly at variance than the common herd; aud over . nc. part of the bill is there sp much of what before the courts would "be called hard swearing as the financial olauaea, and the amount it will coat to run the Federal Government, So much so that a certain school of critics has even come to question Coghlan's figures. As well might one doubt the multiplication table. Yet the Government itself has been constrained to yield to the pressure of incredulity as to Coghlan's figures and the federal campaigners' deductions therefrom, and it has .been determined to appoint yet one more commis sion of experts to revise the official statist's basis of computation. As a result, an already bewil dered public will have another set of calculations to guide it; but lt will be merely an eleventh-hour deliverance, and about aa valuable as any one of tho numerous other "calculations already put out.-A, A. straw shows how the-wind blows, and you may at times get the drift of popular opinion from the mouths of babes and sucklings. It was at a suburban kindergarten, and the mis tress said, "Now, girls, we will have a game of soldiers. Let us play Americans and Spaniards." To which the school responded with one voice, "1*11 be American Î'* Not a Spanish recruit could be enlisted for that mock battle, and the game fell through.-A. 