AT THE ñMÚÜko^, JANE KABLOW. " Everybody more or leta enured the senti ment whian Mn. Lenihan, , the ' oook, expressed, when abe declared that it waa a quare onnbtural way of doing thlnga, and not apt to be over tucky, if any one axed her opinion. She waa Bitting on the hall door steps of Shangoragh Bousa to look out for the return of the wedding party, and mott of the domettio staff wore with her. The absentees included Linie Mitchell, the kitchou-mald, who, undaunted by "a good four-mile every step of it," had tramped off to witness tile ceremony, and Ellen Egan, who waa presumably round in the north wing, "minding poor Miss Kathleen, the crathur," her constant occupation any titue these last twenty years. All the windows of the north wing blinked into the yew «arden, that dismallest nook in a dismal demesne, being closely beset with high walls and impenetranle hedges, and crowded with great gloomy shrubs, whoso fantastic shapes looked of a morning as if they should have shrunk along with the night's shadows. Behind such barriers, a life pining and fretting, and paoingthedark mossy walksfor very weari- ness, would be most securely beyond sight, and hearing and reach of the outer world, while the oblivious seasons accumlatcd like a deepening drift of dead leaves. "Well}now, it's the first family ever I Been," Mrs. Lenihan continued protesting, " where a weddin' made no more differ than if it was a load of ooal comin' home-not so much as an extry custard ordered. Sure the other ¡nomiu' when I was sayin' to the mistress that I supposed I would be geltin' ready a couple of jellies and crames at all events for the breakfast to-day. 4 Breakfast !' sez she like tho squake of a slate peuoil, ' No such folly indeed. Send up luncheon pre- cisely as usual,' and off wid herself, lookiu' as sour as an ould crab-apple." " Lookin' the very thing she is then," Anne Darley, the nnder-housemaid commented ungainsaid, tho head of the household being unpopular for several reasons. One of these Ky in thc fact that she was the second Mrs. Nugent, a point never forgotten in the establishment, although Mr. Ward, the butler, was the only member of old enough standing to contract her with her predecessor. " You might ha thought now that she wouldn't be so aisy put out," Mrs. Lenihan went on, " when be all accounts Bhe'e as pleased as auythin' at get tin' poor Misa Sibyl married." " Ay, and that she was," said Hannah Morris, the upper-housemaid, who did occa- sional duty in the higher sphere of ladies' maid, " sure the time we was stoppln' away last spring, I beard her tellin' Lady Fitr. Gibbon-the ould Bister she has llvin' at Bray-that she couldn't say the relief it was to her mind havin' Mies Sibyl settled in her time, for she herself was grawin' to bo an ould woman, and oonsiderin' them she would be lavin'." " She alwuys thought a hape of Miss Sibyl," said Mrs. Lenihan. "And why wouldn't she?" said Hannah, " the only child she ever had, and he well liked by everybody. I've nothing to say agin that." " Ay, no," said Mrs. Lenihan. " I remember poor Mr. Eddy-I come here two year afore he died-a pleasant-spoken young gentleman, wid plenty of good nature in him, wherever he got it, not from some I could name." " Miss Sibyl's a good-nathurod little crathur too," said Bridget Heany, the coachman's daughter, who helped in the laundry, " maybe not wid a great dale of sense to spake of, but plisant and frindly. And she's purty-lookiu' enough." " Party or ugly, she might ha sted here till the end of all ber days," said Anne Darley, " wid Borra the Bowl settin' foot inside the place, year out and year in except the doctor and the ould parson. The misthress done right to take her up to Dublin, if Bhe wanted her to have e'er a chance at all." " I dunno has she got any great things for her aa it is,"said Mrs. Lenihan. "This ould colonel has thc appearance of bein' a dacint quiet gintleman, but be's ould enough for MisB Sibyl's father-fifty I'd put him at if he's a day." " But he ownB a fine property, mind you," said Hannah, " in the county of Cork. I heard tell he changed h¡B name for it when he come into it not so long ago. Colonel Kendal they call him now, iuBtead of whatever he used to be. But talkin' of tbe misthress bein' put out, you might ha' said so, if you'd seen the disthraction Bhe was in that time last April when sbe was purvinted of havin' tho weddin' away up there at Bray. Jost about aettlin'it all she was, only for the master takin' a worse turn, and bringin' her baok here be telegraph. " " lt's a turn he'll never be the better of, poor man, goodness may pity him," said Anne Darley. " 'Deed he's a sorrowful sight .to behould these times, eittin' there in his chair the len'th of the day, without stirring hand or foor, like the image of a ghost." " And the misthress makes that an excuBe for marry in' Miss Sibyl in the corner, so to spake, behind the back door," said Mrs. Lenihan, " wid ne'er a bit of company at the weddin', nor a new gown, nor anythin' to hearten the crathur up." " She makes it an excuse for more, that I'm thinkin'," said Anne. " Look at the way she's keepin' poor Miss Kathleen shut up ever since the master was disabled of quitlin' his room. As long as he was gettin' about at all, he would be axin' for her and coaxin' her to take a turn wid him ; you might often be eeein' the two of them creepin' upend down the long laurel walk there. But these times you never set eyes on her, or Ellen Egan either for that matter, except it's streelin' ronnd the little baok garden they are. They mightas well be livin' at the botton of a well. Some whiles I'm tliiLkin' it's enough to mope the very senses out of her too." " Is lt EllenÎ" said Hannah Morris, "sure she's a quare one. Nivcr a word she has for anybody, good or bad, if she can conthrive to liould her tongue, Liefer walk a mile she would to look at the dook than ax you the time of day. Wassbe that way ever accordin' to your knowledge, Mr. Wardt For you've a longer recollection of her than any of us has." " Quare or no," said the butler, who had been silently polishing a salver in the back- ground, "It 'ud be a bad day for Miss Kathleen if anythin' hanpint Ellen Egan," " And who was aayirT it wouldn't !" said Hannah self-defensively. "Butthat doesn't hinder her bein' quare, nor more than me thinkin' her so. There was the Colonel the day be come here a fortnight ago, when he was about lavin', he went into the back hall to fetoh his overcoat that was hangin' up near the ould press that I happened to be clanin' out. And just that minyit Ellen Egan went by wid Misa Kathleen's tay. Well now the minyit she notíoed him, she stopped like a clock run down, and stood starin' at him as if be had seven heads on his shoulders, and she had a mind to be reckonin' the hairs on the whole.of them. 'What is itt' sez he, for, mind yon, she was standin' os close to him as I am to you, but wid that off she took down the pasaage as fast as she could skyte. So sez I to him she was only a demented sort of poor body that would be somewhiles wrong in her head, and Intinded no offence. But be good Inok I seen wid the tail of my eye that she was waitin' in the turn of the passage where he'd oome hy gobi' to the hall door j so what did I do but show him out through the library, the way she'd get no chance to be performin' any more quare antics." "Sure the life she lades ia fit to d bri ve King Solomon diithracted," said Bridget Heany, "and poor Ulai Kathleen too. Smalt blame to her to be cracked when the heart ot her's,broke wid mopln', I wouldn't won'er now but she'd ti? kep' ber einies right enough, if they'd conthrived her a bit of dlvanlon at the beglnnln'. Howsome'er, lt's a good thing they Haven't let Min Sibyl go the «amé way-a» abe atar wight, for ah«*« the moral, roe mothartay«, of what Miss Kathleen waa, She'awell out of it, if «he'd twtoe as naygurdly a weddin'." "Bere's the rain agio," «ala Mri. Lenihan, " we'll have to hs «tenpin' inside." For Mis« Sibyl's uufeitive bridal lad not very fair -Weather to enllvou it. The shining of the August «un wai as uncertain ai that of any April day. Shaggy black thunderclouds prowled about the horizon, growling distantly, and more then once already the outlookers had been driven under oover by the descent of heavily splashing drops, which made large wafers on «be smooth stone. " Troth, but Lizzie waa the foolish girl to go and get herself ducked," said Mrs. Leni- han, as she took un a position just within doors. " Thrampln over the counthry when there isn't so much as a white gown to be lookin' at, or a lace voil. Why, poor Miss Sibyl might ha' been settin' off to go dhrink tay wid the ould Miss Grahams in her little black oap« and her sailor hat, for any signs of ; a weddin' you'd see on her." " Oh, Lizzie was expeotin' to get a lift on Faylix Gorman's car, said Anne Darley, "I heard her and Mrs. Toole talkie' about it last night at the lodge. Goin' to Qlasowen he is on a message ; like enough he'll take her both goin' and comin'. But 1 was thinkin' that as soon ai this shower's cleared off I'd take a run out and bring in a handful of them dahlias and asters over there to brighten up the table a thrifts for tho lunoheon. Nobody could be objectin' to that anyway." "Indeed then you'll be puttin' no such thing on my table," nevertheless rejoined Mr. Ward. " There isn't any raison for decora- tions that I'm aweer of." " Not for a weddin'?" suggested Anne, humbly argumentative, which was the most she could venture to be. " There's weddin's and weddin'«, " he said grimly, "and I've nolbiug to say agin some of them. But the time for them in this house is gone by this many a long day. Twinty year ago lhere come nigh bein' a ono in it you might ha' decorated and welcome ; and she purvinted of it-she that's gettin' her own way this mornin', and much good may it do her." "Ay, sure enough," said Bridget Heany, " I've beard me mother say there was great, talk one time of Miss Kathleen makiu' a match wid a young officer in the army, that she met away at her uncle, the General'« place. But then lt all went off somehow." " And great talk, and plinty of great talk there might be," Baid the old butler. " When thc whole thing was settled, and Miss Kathleen stayln' up wid her grandmother in Dublin to get her weddin' clothes, before herself there-the misthresB conthrived to stop it-the devil and she knows how." " But what raison had she agin it ?" asked Mrs. Lenihan. "Sorra a one, except that she wanted Miss Kathleen to go into the Convent away at Kenmare," said Mr. Ward. " And she herself a Protestant, and a blaok Presbyterian to the back of that !" said Mrs. Lenihan, and her tone was incredulously interrogative. " It sounds no wayB very likely," added Hannah Morris, sceptically following suit. " Maybe il doesn't," said the old man, and rubbed up his salver for a few moments ic silence. But the little thrill of resentment al their unbelief stirred the bitterness of a long brooded over grievance into speech, and he re- turned : Likely or no, that waa ber raison. And the raison of the raison was that the old uncle ol Miss Kathleen, who had left her a line fortin had no opinion of convents and such, so be pul in bis will that if ever Miss Kathleen turned nuu, the one-half of his property 'ud go to hei half-brother-that was Mr. Eddy, thi mistbresa's son. And the misihress was j UBI wild for him to be gettin' the money, for hi was growin' up a sizeable slip of a lad, anc didn't seem to have much notion of earnin any for himself. I dunno was he over sensible, belike not, but at all events he ncvei done anythin' better than loaf about the place So thc misthress had great hopes one timi thatshe had Miss Kathleen persuaded to go inti the convent, and it was the greatest dis appointment at «ll when instesd of that shi went to stop wid the General, and fell in wit young Captain M'CIintock. Bagin' the mis thress was at the idee of her gettin' married and dead set she was on hinderin' it. Anc bedad she got her own way-so far." " Well now, to goodness, but if she did shi was a terrible wicked woman," said Mrs Lenihan, "and how did she manage it?" " That's more than I can be tellin', thougt perhaps I've me own thoughts on the matter,' said Mr. Ward. "As I was a-sayin', tin devil knows and herself knows, and betwixt them be it. Unless maybe Ellen Egan fount out aomethin'. Thc misthress is in a mannei afraid of her, that's sartin. But as diver ai she was, she made no great things vf it aftei all. For look the way it is. Ne'er a fut die she get Miss Kathleen into the convent, il was out af her mind she dhru the crathur, goodness help her. And the money she wai achemin' for, every penny of it they lost widir the year in some company that went and failed. And as for Mr. Eddy, he never don« a han's turn, but took and married Nellie Crehan, that was just a small farmer'« daughter, and rio match for him whatever. And then she died when Miss Sibyl was born, and he wasn't long fallowing her, and no« there's the poor master dyin' by inchesthis great while back, wid herself gittin' aa gray and wizendy and ahaky, asanould head of withered hemlock. So that wid one thing and tht other, maybe she's no great call to be very contint in her mind." " Ay, bedad," said Hannah Morris, "sun she was sayin' that time to Lady FilzGibbot that Miss Sibyl's marryin' was tho only bit oj satisfaction she'd bad for this many a loni year." " They ought to be safely married by non,' said Mrs. Lenihan, " and a good step on tb« road home. Saints above, what a day it'i turnin' out. The thunder's comin' nearer." " And lookin' as black BB the pots over to warda Glasowen all this while," said Bridget Heany. "They're apt to be dhrowdec dhriven'back." The storm, indeed, was advancing fron menanoe to assault. Hailstones olatteree against the glass and rebounded from thi gravel, the thunder boomed in a stead; crescendo, and the lightning flares gre« fiercer through gray swirls of rain, " Mere; be among us," said Mrs. Lenihan, shrinkin] and blinking-" I hope that won't terrif] the borae on them." " It is the ould mare?" said the coachman*! daughter. " Sure not all. She hasn't thi wit left to be afeared of anything, let aloni bein' as blind as a black night. Wha I was thinkin' of was the wheel breakin' down. I heard me father aayin there was one them wantiu* lookin' to thi long while. And I misdoubt Bomethin' bappenin' to delay them, or elie they'd ha been here before now." " If they don't presently come," said Mrs Lenihan, "I'll have to be runnin' down t put on the bit of pudding for Miss Kathleen' dinner. She won't get ont for e'er a wall in the garden in this weather, the crathur besides I believe she does be always scarei wid thunder, and so is Miss Sibyl 1-whist, : thought I heard something comin'." But a long Interval of pouring, murky am fitfully, lund, gave scope for many other fais alarms, before Peter Bourke, the pantry-boy who alone remained enjoyably defying th elements out on the steps, at last shouted t bis friend! In the ball a report which prove to be not wholly unfounded. There was ns doubtedly as ho said: 'Some sort of yok throtting np the avenue, glimpeln' betwee the trees,' In a few minutes, however, it be came apparent that this was not<*t%e famil inside oar. with Paddy Heany on the box and theold white mare between the shafts, an {ireanmably th« bridal pair behind the Mac eathem curtains. It was only Felix Gorma driving his cream-coloured pony from on std« of his jauntlng-oar, while th« other «es aocomodated two «bawled Agares. Tb longest sighted members of til« group bastene to announce their disappointing news, abd i the vehlole continued on Its courte, they * began to »dd th« comment ; " And lt li dhrivln' up to tb« hall door they »ref Moth» long life to them I. Rat them up." Unooasotoui apparently of his presumption, Peter^Goraon did wheel round the wet gravel, .weep, and halt at the atepa, down whioh everybody clustered »tying: "Well BOW Lizzie-and Mn. Toole--there you are-and what'» hep' you till thin time! And what happint to the misthress and tho reit of them that they haven't ooma baok 1" Bot Lillie, having jumped off the oar more nimbly that Mn. Toole of the gate lodge, who wa» elderly and fat, itood forlornly among her inquiring friends, and only ans-ftored in . dazed »ort of wayi "I dunno -I dunno -ooh, the crathura. " ?'Sure then, girl, wasn't you at the weddin' that you don't fcnow f " said the cook, " Weddin'," said Mrs. Toole, as she de- scended, " Sorra the weddin' lhere was in it, nor won't be," "Ooh, the erat hors," said Liztte again, " It is ravin' yon are, woman ?" said Anne Darley, "or ia the wits dhroivoded out of the both of you Î" " What was the whole of yous doin' here," demanded Mrs. Toole, " that you let them two get away unbeknownst!" " What are you talkin' about in the Iiord's name ?" said Mrs. Lenihan. " 'Deed, and I dunnot rightly no meself, for roe head's in a mate wid it all," said M ra. Toole, " but I'll tell you the beat way I can. And the beginnin' of it was notliiu' out of the j common, barrio' the outrageous polthogues of rain, and the blackness of itovrrhead. for we got to the Church all in good t ime, and prisint ly the Colonel came anda lady and gintleman wid him, aud the clergy, and after a little while the misthress and Miss Sibyl, and there was maybe half-a-dozen people lookin' on. So they were just ready to begin the service, when all of a suddint theie came the moat awful flash of lightnin' you ever witnessed, setlin' thc whole place in a thrimblo of fire for a minyit. And if there did, that very instiant somethin' white slipped out from be- hind one of the pillars near the Lady Chapel a tall lookin' woman it wus wid a veil ovar her head. A fine turn she gave me, for I made as sartin os anythin' it was the ould nun's ghost, that thcysay does be walkin'about there now and agin. But Lizzie, she grips me misfort'nit arm like a suaptrap, and sez she : 'Mn. Toole-Mrs. Toule-i i's Miss Kath- leen 1' And I'll give you me word, ma'am, so it was." " Ah, goodness guide you, woman dear," said Mn. Lenihan deprecatingly, " don't be romancin' to us. How'd she get there, she that's never set fut beyoud the gates this nearly twinty year? L's a <<ale an a dale liker she's just sitlin' ninpin' there in ber room, instead of to be thravellin' over thc counthry frightenin' people in while veils. And you may depind there she is this minyit." " Then it's no truth you'd dipind," asserted Mrs. Toole, "sure now, Lizzie, you seen il all?" " Ay, indeed, did I, " said Lizz e, who looked sacred aud dejected. "In a white shinin' silk gown she was,' Mrs. Toole continued, " will u long laee vd strccliu' over it. But a yell, ry sort of look there was on it, like as if it had been ly ID' bj till it wanted ablaichiu'. Anil MisaKathleei herself put me in mind of noihin' so much ai of a sprig of the pink ha»thorn I've Int pressin' flat in my ould prayer book ever sinci it was new. You can just tell the sort o blossom was on it, but the colour's all driei out of it, and it's only the uame of wha it uaed to be. Ay, the crathur, I was thinkiu she looked liked that, and bhe moonin' alon) as if she was half walkin' in h. r sleep, ahi didn't rightly know where. And a fev steps after come Ellen Et-.au, wid an ouli : gray waterproof, drippin' wet, hangin' ove ! her arm, and her eyes sniniu' in her head fi to frighten yon-that was the first thing . noticed about her. .And sure you don' suppose I was the only person seen her Everybody did, and that look aback the; were, there wasn't a word oui of ihim til Miss Kathleen come to may lie widin a yan of the Colonel, and then she stood still. And sez he, turnin' to the inisihiess: 'Mercifu i heavens,'sez he, 'youtould me she waa dead. 'And it 'ud he better if she was,' sez th misthress. And wid th.it Kllen Egau ups am spakes out : ' That's what you say, and yoi as good as degthroyin' her; but there' others 'ud say very different. Captaii M'Clintock,' eez she-but she was spakiti to tho Colonel- ' you'd uiver think that 1 But before he could say a word. Mia Kathleen began to laugh and -creecli wild-like and in the middle of it down slammed th most terrific clap of thunder you ever heard and she dbroppedas if abe waa struck with th lightnin'-How8ome'cr it was ou'y one o them quare thrances (be fulla into of an odi while." "And what was beenmra' of Miss Sibyl? interrupted Bannah Moiria. "Sure I was just goiu' to tell you th'* Round she turned at the roar of the thi- ' ..? and run away down the aisle, and out o. th big door. But Lizzie knows more about tha than me, for she took out after Miss Sibyl." " And not a sign of her I seen when I wen outside first," said L¡2Z¡e, " till I'd skytei round to the porch again, and lhere I fount her sittin' on the grasa by the gravel-walk, ii says of wet. So I sez to her for pity' eaki do be comic' in out of that, and «he looks u| at me, aud sez she : ' It'« gatheriu' daiaies . am to make a daiay-ohaiu, HUII'I you help mi wid it, Lizzie?' sez she, the very way shi med to spake when she was a weeny scrap o a child, and meself a slip of a girl-she wai frindly to me ever. Aud for all I could do o say I couldn't git her to uuderaiand aught and nobody will agin, that's my belief. II' disthressful to see her. But there's no gool talkin'." Lizzie muffled ber head closer it her sodden shawl, and slipped behind he neighbours' baoks. " Lizzie's annoyed about Miss Sibyl, tba she was always great wid," Mrs. Toole sait explanatorily. " Cry in' abe's been most of th road comin' along. But for the matter a that, I'd be hard set to say if you axed in which of the whole of them that we lef behind us at the church is tbs most to b pitied-I would so. " " What at all were they doin', and yo comin' away !" said Bi idget Heany. "Well, Canon Carroll had had Mil Kathleen carried into the sacristy, and ah was comin' round. Anil poor Miss Sibyl WJ quiet enough, on'y talking foolish about he daisy-chains. And there usa the Colon« lookin1 like ashes, and the iniathr. 88 wid ht face as gray as a stone wall-" " The divil's cure to her and it," said th old butler grimly. " The eui se of this bout she's been, since ever shu set fut inside tl door, comin' after her she wasn't fit lo look f the shadow of," "(Bedad that's thruc for you, I'll be bound, said Mrs. Lenihan. " All's one, I could not belp bein' sorry f< the ould erathnr," eaid Mrs Toole, "whe she was spakin' to me a while ugo, to bid rt So back and tell you the way it faappin 'oh I 'twas a could despair she had in bi heart, black as it may be. They were to foll after os in tbs car as anon as they coul oonthrive-as we were eettin' off, I heard tl poor Colonel callie' to your father, Bridget, i I should suppose they might be here ai time. Goodness may pily them, but it's diffrent way they're comin' back from whi they looked to. Muaha noVv, to think Ellen Egan gettin' Barrel's car to meet the at the back gate-that's how she doue it. I you see anythin', Peter !" " The rain's that Windin'," said Peter. " can soarce make out, but I think then somethin' comin' aloi g the avenue." And minute later he added : " « y, sure enoug it's the ould mare ; they're comin' home." Whereupon everybody, even Mr. War said and thoughts "Ooh, the crathura.'! 