LITERATURE, SAVAGES AND THEIR 3ELKH0N.* The exact Length, to which Mr. Andrew Long will push his new theory as to the origin of religion among savage and primi tive races is not clearly set out. But he has written a most suggestive book, in which he attacks, without scruple, the opinions of Huxley, Herbert Spencer, and an array of anthropological writers, as to the probable evolution of the idea of God and of religion. Mr. Tylor, in his well-known work, "Primi tive Culture," has. evolved the conception of a Supreme Being from the belief in ghosts and spirits which can be traced among all eavage peoples. It would, in his view, grow gradually out of such universal supersti tions. And most anthropologists are with him-for lad: of adequate unbiassed inquiry, Mr. Lang would say. Both Huxley and Spencer, again, opine that the lowest types of humanity know of no connection between ethics and religious belief-they have simply a non-moral faith in casual spirits. Mr. Lang quarrels baldly with, accepted, authority upon this point. Mr. Jevons was one of the first to attack Heri>ert Spencer's doctrine that anceator worship was the origin of religion; theprescntauthor carries the revolt considerably further. His con tention, briefly put, is that the evidence is strongforthe existence of "highgods"amang the lowest races at a stage precedent to the superstitions which Mr. Tylor terms "animism," and Herbert Spencer "ghost faith." If admitted, Air. Lang's argument would, in fact, make for a universal prime val faith in an uncreated and moral deity. That is very shortly the drift of the work, so far as natural theology is concerned. In working out his ides Mr. Lang is, as usual, extremely interesting. Tfi» own views as regards those phenomena which the modern, world has the habit of loosely terming "supernatural" are evidently broadening. In part he is, of course, only abreast of con temporary scientific thought. Hypnotism, once ridiculed, is now, for example, admitted by science-Lord Kelvin, we are told, alone maintaining the theory of fraud or mal observation. But in Mr. Lang we find un mistakable acceptance also of telepathy, thought- transference, clairvoyance, as ex emplified in crystal-gazing, &c.; A large por tion of his book is devoted to these sub jects, the endeavour apparently being to prove a close parallel between savage super stitions and the psychical theories which are the subject of debate to-day. The con nection with the main object of the work is not perfectly dear, but the author seems to hold that certain supernormal pheno mena gave rise in the savage mind to belief in "separable self-existing souls," and that this factor u represented in civilised life also, but that there is no proof of it having originated the idea of a Supreme Being. On the contrary, the evidence points the other Way. Mr. Lang wanders in a pleasant pasture of speculation in discussing the "medicine fasts" of Red Indian boys and girls, the second Bight practised among the Zulus, Maori hallucinations, the ideas of "posses B?on" ond "fetishism" among savage races, He does not present them all bb necessarily to be believed, but he evidently thinks much of this material has been ex cluded by investigators on insufficient grounds. One specimen anecdote may be quoted, related by Mr. David Leslie, a Scottish sportsman, who had lost track of his Kaffir elephant hunters, and applied (rather out of levity) to a Zulu 'doctor to "'open the gates of distance" and reveal their whereabouts:-- 1 //'yhe doctor then made eight little fires ?e,n8 number of. my, hunters; on eaota he cast seme note which emitted a curious sickly odour and thlck smoke; into «ach he cast a small stone^ shouting as he UaUng of Religion, by Andrew Lang. Xaa> |4£4-so the name to which, the atone was 'dedicated; then he ate some 'medicine/ and fell over in what appeared to be a trance. Then be Beemed to wake; went to one of the fire»i raked the ashes about, looked at the stone attentively, described the man faithfully, and said' Thia man baa died of the fever, and your $un is lost.' To the next fire, as before, 'This man (cor* rectly described) has killed four elephants and then he described the tuskB. The next 'This man (again describing him) has been killed by an elephant, but your gun is com ing home;' and so on. I took particular : note of oil this information at the time, and, to my utter amazement, it turned out cor rect £q every particular. Many of the modern instances of "visua lising" by gazing into a crystal have come under Mr. Lang's personal notice, and re semble the surprising set of coincidences or super-normal phenomena related in his book of "Dreams and Ghosts." Miss Angus is the name given to the young lady who at a Scot tish country house has amazed Mr. Lang and other friends by describing distant per sons' and scenes unknown to her with accu racy after "scrying" into a glass balL In one or two cases the incidents had not oc curred at the date or hour o£ the "scrying," but did occuir subsequently. The author distinctly says it is not claimed that these visions were prophetic. Yet the question remains, if true, what else were they. The exploits of Mrs. Piper, the lady medium who has lately been perplexing Lon don, are torched upon. Of her Mr. Lang rays:-"She exhibits a survival or recrudes cence of savage phenomena, real or feigned, of convulsion, and of secondary personality, and entertains a survival of the animistfc explanation." Of Mrs. Piper one embank ing faet seems to be admitted, .viz., that while perfectly honest and of unimpeachable character in her normal condition, when "possessed" she is not at all so scrupulous. She will then cheat if die can, "make guesses and try to worm information out! of her sitter." Thus* while Dr. Hodgson, who unmasked Mdme. Blavatsky, has, after a prolonged surveillance of Mrs. Piper, come to the conclusion that in trance she displays "supernormal powers of cogni tion," the effect of such an impression upon such a sceptic is heavily discounted by the plain Bpeaking of others like Professor Maoalister. This gentleman writes: "She is quite wide awake enough all through to profit by suggestions. I let her see a blotch of ink on my linger and she said I was a writer. . . . Except the guess about my sister Helen, who is alive, there was not a single guess nearly right. Mrs. Piper is not anesthetic during the so-called trance, and if you ask my private opinion It is that the whole thing is an imposture and a poor one." I All this is Bomewhat a digression from the real subject, but a digression to which Mr. lung invites his readers. In coming to the evolution of the idea of God, the author re bukes anthropologists for taking it for granted that God has always been regarded as a spirit, differs from the common opinion that gods have improved, morally and otherwise, "in direct ratio to the rising grades in the evolution of culture and civili sation." On the contrary, there haB usually been a degeneration of the high gods. The basis of the author's inquiry is stated thus: "We want to know how gods, makers of things (or of most things), fathers in heaven and friends, guardians of morality, seeing what is good or bad in the hearts of men, were evolved as is supposed out of ghosts or surviving souls of the dead. That such moral, practi cally omniscient gods are known to the very lowest savage®-Bushmen, Fuegians, Aus tralians-we shall demonstrate. Mr. Tylor has laid it down as the result of his investigations that the great gods oc cupy among the lesser spirits (believed in by savages) the same eminence as kings and chiefs do among men. This being so, Mr. Lang inquires how great gods can exist amonig races which have neither, kings, chiefs, nor any distinction of rank. Fuegiaas and Australians are included in thia cate gory. Fitzroy is quoted as the authority on the former race. He has assumed the Fue gians' Bupreme being as rather a malevolent spirit. Yet this is certainly contradictory of their belief that he will torment them for wrongdoing by storms of hail and snow. Why, asks Mr. Lang pertinently, should an evil spirit punish evil ? "A great black man is supposed to be always wandering about the woods and mountains, who is certain of knowing every word and every action, who cannot be escaped, and who influences the weather according to men's conduct" This being's morality is "so much above the savage standard that he regards the slaying of a stranger or an enemy caught red handed in robbery as a sin." Much is made ofthe fact that the highest religion* ideas of the Australian blacks are imparted at their secret "Bora" rites. It is noted that at then mysteries the initiated have their front teeth knocked out, and Dampier, at big visit in 1688, observed that the two fore teeth of the upper jaw were missing in the young- and old of both sexes. The Bora, it is therefore assumed, included women at that date. Ghosts, generally malignant, are believed in by Australians, but Mr. Lang relies on Waits in denying that they are worshipped, and he disputes Mr. Howitt's notion that the supreme spirit, "Darumnlun," can possibly represent a de funct headman. The traces of headman Bhipt, he says, are very faint, and there is no evidence of any known to be worshipped ai'ter death. Moreover, no food offerings are made by Australian blacks to their su preme ruler, as though he were a hungry ghost. Mr. Lang is strong upon this point. A little earlier wa find him combating Her bert Spencer's remark that it would lie strange if primitive men, with the conscious ness of a universal power, from, which they and all things proceeded, offered food to such a power as they do to the dead bodies of their fellow savages. It would not, at fna» Mr. Lang, be at all strange "if the .crudeidea of a auiversai power tame earliest and supenedei ia put by a later pro pitiation of the dead and ghosts. The new religions Me» would soon refract back, and influence by its ritual the older concep tion." ; The chief argument on this point, how ever, is that neither in Australia nor Africa is the Supreme Being propitiated by food sacrifices. Mr. Lang sees as the main teaching o£ the Australian primitive religion unselfishness-& trait marked by Dampier and he quota various authorities as to the high moral principles inculcatcd at the re ligious mysteries; "The grandfather of Mr. Howitt's friend, before the white men came to Melbourne, took him out one night, and, pointing to a star, said, 'You will soon be a man; you see Bunjil (Supreme Being of certain tribes) up there, and ne can see you and all you do down here.' Mr. Palmer, speaking of the mysteries of Northern Australians, men tions the nature of the moral instruction. Each lad is given 'by one of the elders ad vice so kindly, fatherly, and impressive, as often, do soften tlie heart and draw tears from the youth.' He is to avoid adultery, not to take advantage of a woman if he finds her alone; he ia not to be quarrelsome. At the mysteries, Darumullun s real name may be uttered, at other times he is 'Master' (Biamban), or "Father' (Papang), exactly as we say 'Lord' and 'Father.*" Mr. Lang has, indeed, little hesitation in pronouncing Zeus, the god-president of the Greeks, as a degenerate deity compared to Darumulun. Space does not allow us to follow the author in applying his theories to other races-the Indians of Guiana, the Greenlanders, &e.; but it is enough, to say that he distinguishes between the two currents of mythology and religion, maintains that in not insisting upon the separation many inquirers have blundered. One passage puts his meaning forcibly: "Sometimes the latter stream (mythologi cal) quite pollutes the former (religious); sometimes they flow Bide by side, perfectly distinguishable, as in Aztec ethical piety, compared with the bloody Aztec ritualism. Anthropology has mainly kept her eyes fixed on the impure stream, tne lusts, mummeries, conjuring?, and frauds of priesthoods, while relatively or altogether neglecting vhafr^S honest and of good report." y ,/ \ ^ 'j_' 