THE BLACK SHIP. A 1MYSTERY OF THE SEA. BY CHARLES B. LEWIS. What was known in marine circles as "The Black Ship Mystery" covered a space of a year in the last year of the fifties. If there was any honor in first sighting the black ship, it goes to the brig Sea Gull, bound from Boston to Liverpool. I was second. mate of the brig on that voyage, and on the night of April 30th, -1859, we were lying almost becalmed in mid ocean. There was no air along the decks, but a draught aloft kept steerage way on the craft. At midnight when I came on deck to re lieve the chief mate the moon was shin ing so- brightly, that it was almost like day. There was no change of weather to look out for, and a more quiet night at sea could not be imagined. I had been pacing the deck for half *an hour or more when I suiddenly caught sight of a vessel coming down- on our windwarl quarter. The stranger seem ed to have stolen' out -of some fog bank or cloud of mist, and yet the atmosphere was clear as a bell. As I stood rubbing my eyes the man at the wheel caught sight of the craft and called my atten tion, and just then she luffed shu-rp up and took a course parallel with ours. - '1 ran for the glass and levelled it at her, and as she was not above two cable lengths away. I had every detail as plain as if-I stood on her rail. -She was a small. full-rigged 'ship. nrnd anything about her which-would bear a coat of black wa:Ls painted that color. This ap plied even to her masts. The hult. w:Las a much finer model than ours. but there wals .a slovenly look aloft, and her sails were.not well set. To my anlmazement 1 could see -only. one person on her deck -the man at the wheel. . There was 'no officer. no look-out. no sailors looking at us over the rail. It- was .about ten minutes after the stranger came down upon us before I called Captain Craw ford. He took the gl:ass from my hand and gave her a looking over, and there was. a troubled look on his face as he turned to me with : "This Is about the queerest thing that has overtaken me in all my experience. She seems to have a dead man at the wheel and if she has a crew aboard, they are In hiding. I'll hail her, and see it -1 can wake anybody up." The captain had a volce like at. fog horn, and his tones would have carried to a craft a full mile away. He roared out a "Ship ahoy!"' and hailed again and again, but there was never a move ment aboard the stranger. The black ship was holding true to.her course, and seemed to be as well steered as our own craft; and while things had a queer look, it was only a mystery as yet. Find ing that his. hails were not answered, the captain took the glass, and spent full five minutes with -it at his eyes. He had just lowered it when the five men of my watch came aft in a body, and one of the oldest of the men doffed his hat, andrespectfullg said: "Captain Crawford, if I may be so bold as to say it, that there craft is either a pirate which is -going to lay us aboard very soon, or it's a death ship, and we can't get away from her any too quick." "There are no pirates in these seas." replied the captain, as he rounded on the man; "and, as for a death's ship, that's all nonsense. Dead men can't make sail and steer a ship." "But look at her sails, sir!" persisted the man. "They are rusty and old, and I don't believed they have been touched for weeks. 'What she is carrying is only enough for a gale, anti if she wasn't a r'acer we'd be drawing away from her in no tinme." With a growl at their superstition, the captain ordered the men forward, but I could see that he was both puzzled and troubled as he ordered the man at the wheel to luff a point and bring us nearer the stranger. The wheel' had scarcely been moved when the stranger also luffed. The man was then ordered to let her fall off two points, and theyardswere trimmed for the new course, but the men were still pulling and hauling when the stranger fell off, and thus preserved his position. Neither in lulling nor fall ing off was there any pull at his yards or sheets, but as 'the wind was light there was no actual need of this to keep his course. "He can't be a pirate," whispered Captain Crawford to me as we stood gazing and wondering. "If it were any one meaning us harm, he knows the size of our crew, and that we are unarmed, and he would have been aboard long ago. It may be a craft which has lost every body aboard by fever or plague, but how is it that she sticks to us as she does ? Haven't seen the man 'at the wheel make the slightest move since we first set eyes on him." By this time the, chief mate and all the men of his watch had turned out, and for a time all discipline was forgot ten in the eagerness to solve the mys tery. Twice again we luffed, but the black ship was not thirty seconds be hind us. Then we fell off; but she per formed the same manoeuvre, and her course was still pa-allel. Of a sudden there was a long-drawvn wail from the south, and the light wind became a rat tling breeze in a moment. We were not only off our course, but the men had to rush to stations to trim sheets and yards, and for five minutes all- were so bu~tsy, that no one paid any attention to the stranger. When the bustle was o'er. th&. black ship had, disappeared, The moon was shining just as brightly as before: but though a man was even sent- aloft with a glass and swept the sea foot by foot, not a sign of our mys terious visitor could be discovered. An entry was made in the log-book. I wrote the matter out in detail, and every of ficer and man signed his name to the statement. It was published-on our ar rival in Liverpool, and while some sneer ed at it, others were inclined to believe that we had seen what we had seen. It would probably have gone into his tory as a sailor's yarn, however, had notthe English merchantman Good Hope met with a queer adventure three weeks later. She had called at Fayal, in the Azores, and had made a run of a hun dred and ninety miles to the north, and was jogging along under all sail one night at ten o'clock, when she overtook and passedl an unknown craft. It was a starlight- night, without the slightest sign of mist rising from the water. The unknown had no lights out, and had passed p'ithin a hundred feet. The chief mate had the watch. and hailed her, but got no answer in return. I-e was still cursing her carelessness in sailing the highway without a light when the craft came sailing after him and soon took up a position to leeward and only a stone's throw away. Wlhat happened to us of the Sea Gull now happened to those of the Good Hope. The stranger was repeatedly lhailed, but made no answer. Only one single person could be seen aboard of her. and hlie was the man at the wheel - the figure .hich was without motion except such as the tossing of the shipgave him. He stood there clear: enough under the I.ked eye, but the glass brought him so close that the hairs sticking out under his weather-beaten sou'-wester could al most be counted. For an hour the blackl ship ran a parallel c' urse to that of the Goodri Ilol, and the crew of tile latter got a bad fright over it. There was no incr-ease of the breeze. as inl our case, tbut as the fifteen men aboard stood staring at her she suddenly vanished fromn the face of the sea. It was. three months before tile black ship wa-s seen again. The American ship Lonny Belle. bound from New York to Bordeaux, had left the Azores to the souih, and behind her, when one day at noon the breeze left her, and there came a dead calm. Tilhe seas soon went down until there was only a glassy ground swell, and when night came on there was not a sail in sight. At midnight the moon rose,, and so bright was its light that one could have read a book on deck. Half an hour after midnight, without enough air stirring to nmove a feather, a strange craft suddenly came into view from the east, and w-hen first seen was about a mile away. She was bhows on at first. but, coming down with in half a mile of the Belle, she swung round and displayed her broadside. The second mate had tile watch, having come on at twelve o'clock, and, after puzzling for a few minutes, he called the captain. Captain and mate tlitedl their voices in a hail, whch was not an swered, and a musket was brought up mid fired three. times without eliclting any reply. Captain Finch, of the Belle, was a hard-headed fellow, with no su perstition in Ihis composition, and when his hails were unanswered he said to his mate: "Mr Davis. that is undoubtedly the black ship we have read - and heard about, and here is our chance to solve the mystery, and perhaps do a nice thing in the way of salvage. You will take a boat and pull off to her and see if she is abandoned." The mate hesitated for a moment, and then refused to go. The second mate was appealed to, but he likewise re fused. The captain could have ordered them to be locked up in their state rooms for the rest of the voyage, but lihe could not sail his ship without officers, and after roundly cursing them for cow ards he declared that he would go him self. For a time every man of- his crew refused to obey the order to lower a boat but when Captain Finch set about it -single-handed, and said he would.pay the visit at all hazards. two sailors stepped forward to accompany him. The esptain said of his adven ture : "Whelln we had approached within a few fathoms of the strange craft, I-or dered the men to cease rowing, that I might look over her. She had no name Ipainted.on.her stern or quarter., She was sa:dly weather-beaten aloft. and tlhere-was much rust on her black sides. Hiler model was half clipper, and any sailor could see that - she was easily handled - and -sailed like a- witch. We rowed twice round the ship, hailing her several times and then 1 ordered the men to row me under the bows, that I might climb up by her chains. They hung -in the wind and would have re fused had I not menaced them with the revolver 1 had brought in my pocket. As J climbed up the chains I ordered them to.make the boat fast and one of them to follow me up. I counted ten objects lying about which I u'e-ily be lieve were dead men-wrapped up in blan kets, though- for reasons shortly to be given I could not make sure of this. The decks were not otherwise littered up. though even in the moonlight I could see they had not been cleaned for months. "I was ready to go aft, and was wait ing for the men, when I he:trd the splash of oars, and turned about to discover that the cowards were making oft, 1 at once lired a shot over their hleads, and threatened to make targets of theni; but menace them as I would, the most they would do was to hold the boat at a distance of about forty feet from the ship's side. To reach it I had to leap into the sea, and on my return to the Belle I could not induce others to row me back to the derelict. The men did not seem to fear her as a ghost ship so much as a plague ship. The entire crew were on deck. and looking full at the black ship, when she suddenly began to move away from us, heading to the north. There was not a breath of wind and If there had been a current we should also have moved, but yet she slowly and gradually drew away from us, and in the course of na hour was entirely out of sight. My belief is thhit she was a plague ship, but at the sa:me time I confess to being greatly mystified by her strange7 actions." The black ship was seen once more, and for the lst time about a month later. A British man-of-war was sent out to look for her, and after a cruise of two weeks to anld fro without sighting her, the Government craft found her self becalmed one night about midway between Azores and Madeira. At half past eleven o'clock the black ship was discovered. Of a sudden she appeared within half a- mile of the man-of-war, Ten minutes after sighting the mysteri ous ship, Captain Crimmins, of the Grampus, had two boats in the water, and the officer in command had orders to board the derelict, and overhaul every foot of her. Away went the boats, but they never reached her. At a point about midway the black ship suddenly settled down, and two minutes later her topmasts were out of sight beneath the sea. Some bits of wreckage were picked up and preserved, but nothing that could identify her, and to this day her name, port of hail, and the fate that made her a derelict are matters of conjecture. I have always held that she was a for eigner. and that her crew died to a man of some terrible epidemic, but as to her mysterious appearance and disappear ance, and time nature of the accident that finally sent her to the bottom, I have no theory to advance. For a year or two afterwards various ships reported as having seen the strange craft here or there, but these reports .were not consi dered authentic, and no further search was ever made.-"Weekly Budget" (Lon don). Private friends of the late Prince Bis hInrlek are determined that his memory shiall -adt.fade for- want of fundis. They have subscribed 300,000 marks for tile purDose of erecting a mausoleum in the pork rttFriedrichsrub, the deal Chan \- cellor's country seat. ~':1 