FRECKLES. BY LILIAN CAKDLBB. ' Madge, Meg, where are yon. X ?*?« Madge I' 'What do you want ? ' ' You, of ooone ; what else do I ever want ! Where ire yoo ? ' ** Up in the apple tree, of eooiee 1 Where else do I ever get when I don't wmt to be dis torted P n ' Than come doim.' 4 What for P Can't I finish roy chapter P n ' No. come at onee ; I want to tell yon something.' 'Here, then, catch tbe book.' And sbe dropfc a oopy of ranch used ' Asphodel ' oat from the gnarled old branches of tbe linbes-grown apple tree over in the further corner of tbe orohard. R* zingbam Hurtley had by this time singled ont the favonrite rrsting place of the girl, and now stood beneath tho tree in readiness to hotp hor down or to eaich hrr should she jump. Tbe open book descended flat on hi* upturned fare In ber stead ; and while he slooped-to pick it ap and to gather togrther the loo*ened, flatter icg pages, Madge swung herself down from her ^Well ?' ehe asked him. ' ' What's the matter ? ' he made reply, star ing at ber ss he straightened himself. *' That's what I want to know. Yon said yon had something to tell me.' He Bluffed the book info bis pocket, and stepping towards ber took ber two hands in his. ?? What's np, Freckles ? Yoa'vo been cry ing,' be said. ' Well, I don't need to be lold that when I did it myself,' and she laughed a little watery i laagh thr-ugb her tears. j ' What's tbe mutter, dear ? Tell me all about it.' Aod he took her tvo hands iri his strong brown lctt one and placed the other consolingly round her shoulder. ' It's only tbn stupid old book. Rex, and I've read it twice before.' ' Goes out and drowns herself, doesn't she P 1 remember. Silly old Freckles t Bat I say, by Jove, it suits you to cry, old lady ; makes yoa look awfully nice.'' I *' Don't tease ; what have -oa got to tell 1 me ? ' and she rubbed ber wet cheek op and down his cimt collar. ' Nothing that'll make yon cry, little one, I but Bomethiug that will make yoa so happy on my accouiit.' ' Oh, Rex, what is rt P Woo soother bicycle race aud got a jolly prize ? Or a rise in tbe office ? ' *' Guess again.' He seemed amused at her suggestions, and wsb interested, too, in watch ing the tears vanish away as sbe turned her glowing face to his. ' Dear, 1 can't guess ; tell me.' ' It's something jolly, and will be a sort of expected surprise to yoa, if I may use the expression.' ' Hex, jou haven't been betting sgain, and won and bought the chestnut of Bir George's you wanttd ? ' Her eyr# looked very serious now, and tb«*.re was a pit;fol conscious quiver about tbe mobile lips. ' No, 'pon honour. I haven't betted sinee the time I promised you I wouMn't.' She said nothing, but with a happy litUo sigh of contcntmcnt sho laid her head down on hi* shoulder again. ' Well, 1 see I'll have to tell yon,' 6«iJ Rex ingham afters pause. 'Vou rememlter the artist who was struck with your hair lost year ? ' ?? Ubm.' ' Well, it's something to do with bim ; oan'b you gutfifi ? ' She knit ber brows and pnzzled in silence. At last ulif Miid: ' No. I've no idea of anything about lira that could coccem you except through me,' nhe added in ao undertone. ' What did T f»u say ? ' hn ashed quickly. 'I don't know of anything tb&t; could concern y.m with toward to him. Have you Boon him lately ? ' I ' No ; but I've seen his sister.' j 'Which sifter? Miss Rive or tbe frisky, widow that was here ? ' ' Both ; but I mean Pauline — Miss Hive.' I ?4 Well ?' | 44 Can't you guess ? * ' You don't mean she haa asked yoa to sit i for her and mean* to p^int your portrait ? ' I ' I didn't know »he could paint people.' ! *' Didn't you ?' Tho ntort wunded ss if it half revealed a secret. But Rexingham did not notice it. 'WHI, I'm engaged to her, that's all, and I'm Jnst the luekiest fellow iu the world ! Isn't it jolly ? ' Something startled huo, it sounded-' as though a voice in tbe far distance and yet somewhere quite near t* jaculatrd 4- Oh God ! ' AniV'ttt that the exprrssioo was so nrfsoiinice, and was moreover uttered rather in (he tone of a sunplicatioii than an iuterjection, he might have fancicd Madge had uttered it. just as she buried her focc dt-rp in his coat. 44 Well,' he asked, after a pause, 41 aren't you goine to congratulate me?' Still sbe was silent. ' Madge, Freckle's, my dear, old cham Frrckle*, haven't yoa a word of good luck for me ? Why I used to think you were fond of me JittJe girlie, and so you are the first .person I bare told my bit of good new* to.' He put his band under her chin and turned her free towards him. The tears were all gone now, and ao seemed to be (he colour from her cb- eks and tbe network of little sunapote which, bad won ber ber pet name from him, stoo - out in bold relief against tbe unwonted paleness of ' Whet's the matter, Madge p You look as if you were choking. Have you got stifled tbere on my shoulder, dear ? ' The ghost of a smile flitted across ber face and was cone in an instant. 44 1 think I must have swallowed a piece of fluff off your coat,' sbe said, M sad it stack in my throat.' 14 Tbis engagement of yoars is rather sadden, my boy, isn't it t'' Tbe tone sw med somewhat anxious and the voice was that of Mrs. Hartley, when, about an hour afterwards, her son had sought her out to tell her of bis piece of good luck. 14 No, mother, not particularly. We saw a good bit of tbe Rives last year, and I have often mt-t them in LoniTon since. ' ' 1 bad no idea voa admired that kind of girl,' said Mrs. Hnttley. 41 Ob, mother, 1 think she's awfnlly pretty, and, besides, sbe has each a good figure, and i really the dearest little foot and ankle of any I woman I know.'* I 4 Well, 1 suppose it is essential nowadays for a wife to have a good figure and a pretty i ankle,' said his mother, with just a touch of ! something that was not like her usual kind self in her voice. *' Have yoa told Harjory P' she asked after I t pause. ! 44 Of course I told Freckles jost as soon as 1 | got in Irom tbe station. They told me she was in tbe orchard, and I naturally sought out my I old pla-mate at once.' 4' And what did she say, how did she take it ?' hsked Mrs. Kurtley anxiously. *4 Ob, she didn't say much, she was a bit surprised at 6 rat, aod, besides, jort as 1 was telling her a fly flew down hor throat or Fome tbing, and she bad to swallow (bat first. After a hit the asked me if I were happy in my en gagement, and when I said, ' Ratner ! ' she told me then so was she. I say, mother, I waiityoa to ask Paaline down here, aod all might get up a little picnio or something. And— I should like it to be nioe you know ; the; are very rich ! ' 44 How do yon like my dress, Rex P ' #l It's charming.' 44 but you are not looking at it.' ' Wasn't I. Wear a (hick veil then if yoo want people to notice your dress t ' She laughed, she was pleased, and yet con sidering how used Paulin* Kive must have been to compliments and flattery it seemed strange she could still feel so delighted at»out them. ' What are we going to do when we get oat of tbe train P ' she asked presently. 41 (£o straight to the river and meet Heg and tbe provisions there, aod that lazy brother of yours if bit retnemltf-rs to torn up.' 44 Oh, Ilex, it frill be awful if Jack doesn't 44 Why ? 1 needn't do all tbe work. Uadge ' ' No, I meant—' two's comfortable, three's a I crowd, you know.' I 14 Oh, Fre&kles; doesn't count for an extra I one ; sbe i6 a jolly sort of girl 4 hat way.' ! 44 1 don't like Blias Aileigh,' protested j Pauline. I '4I But yoo must since she and I are great I chums, yon know.' j 44 Yes. 1 know. I wish yon were not.' a fanny sort of a girl. .Do yoa knbw I what Jack said of ber P ' ^ 44 But Jack's mashed ; he'd say anything. | What was it?' I 4* Be said, when he was ao mad that time for 1 her to ait for him, yoa rtmrmber— 4 that girt |s the sort they m«ke heroines and murderesses of/ He aays red heir end that peculiar, dusky ! glow of colour which oomes sad goes under her skin, means passion and strength of will. Does sbe ever get in a passion, Rex P ' 'Never; she is the sweetest-tempered woman I know ; but I don't soppuse Jack meant that sort of passion. Here we are.' As they jumped out of tbe train Hedge met them on the platform. 'I csme to the station,' sbesaid to Rex after greeting Miss Bive, 41 in ease yoa needed any help with the basket. Mr. Rive has not come. Let me have the other side' of lhat, Bex,' she said, soiling the action to the word, 11 I'm so strong, and it lessens the weight eo much for two to eaiTy it.' 14 1 oould have helped Rex,' protested Fan line. Bex laughed. ** Yon help, indeed 1 Why yon are only half my size; and, besides, the stzain wonld poll that rig of yoars oat of gear!' 44 Besides, I am more used to it ; ma 1 not Bex P ** answered Uadgv, taming to him. 44 We've carried many a picnic basket down to the river betireen us, bsven't we?' 1 44 Yea, Madge, yon're an oat-aadoat Wick I And she never shirks her share,' he added with kindly patronage, taming to Paaline. ' 1 suppose you have known Mr. Hartley a vpry long time P 11 observed Paaline in a die mWreoaTemtiobd 'One. '* Not 00 very long ; I am only twenty-two,' replied Hadge so brightly that to suspect sar earn m tbe answer seemed treachery. 44 1 waa three and Me& ten months old when mother adopted hpr,' explained Rex. Paaline vouchsafed no reply, but bit her lips and walked on. To ber tbe remark seemed ill bred on Madge's part. They were soon comfortably settled in a tiny boat ; it seemed as if thore would not have been room for Jack Hire had be ooma. '?Istbis boat perfectly safe, Rexingham ? ' asked Pauline u they stated. 44 Yes, if you sit still and don't wriggle about; it isn't else.' 4* Tben why did yoa briag me oat in it,' sheex&aimed;, in horror. 44 Oh, Frec--l-« and I always o*e this boat, and there no choice between this and a much too lumbering affair.' 44 Do you often ro on the river. Miss Arleigh P r aske-- Pauline. '* A good bit ; in the holidays Rex and I are out nearly all day ; when I'm alone I generally go it ? canoe.' 44 Ah, dear, Mn't that drradfully nnr-afe P ' 44 Oh, no ; not if you kno-v ih« river. But yon really mn«t sit still Miss Kive, it is diffi cult for me to steer, or for Rex to scull if tbe boat's not trim.' 44 By George ! it's more than difficult ; it's dangerous when a steamer comes along I ' ex claimed Hex. 44 Oh, I'm ao frightened ! Let's land soon, please,' entreated Pauliue. 44 Bit quiet for goodness s*k*», Lina, and voo will be all right. We must get down to Wiilow Bend before we open tbe luncheon baskt-U ! ' Miss Rive's courage rose, and lirr equanimity returned as «bc found that the boat neither turned upside down nor ran into tbe bsi-k as they faooeeded, and she soon forgot her fears and the creases in her new dress, and actually began to enjoy herself. At Willo* Bend tl ey landed, and the baskets gave up their hidden store, much, too mnch of coarse as i sud, as is the way of picnic baskets. 44 1 begin to miss Jack when tbe plates are unwrapped ; don't yoa ? ' remarked Hex, as having supplied the ladies, he be gan to fill his 4* Yoa seem quite ss well able to d-si--«- of the things,' laughed Madge. ' Ilasu't that boy an enormous appetite whrn he's in a good i temper, Mi*s Rive P ' I M I can't say I've noticed it,' replied I Paaline in quite sn aggrieved lone. ' ' Ob, come now, bnven't 1 b».-en in a good | temper evi-r since you first smiled on me ? ' exclaimed Ihx, with bis moath full of pie. They dswdl* d so long over their luncheon and then went ' just a little iowi-r -iown,' before1 turning back and again putting in at Witlowj Baud for a cup of tea, »nd it was such fun boiling tbe kettle and washing up the plates, and re-|-ack«ng tbu baskot, thai it was growiog dark by the time the little party commenced their return journey by the river. Even Pauline Kive acknowledged that sbe bad enjoyed herself— Rex was so jo\ful and Marjory so quaint on-t merry thnt s'«c forgot that her gown puckerod wherev. r the wuter splashed oo it, and (hat the rising mist was bringing her hair out of curl. 44 I'll scull home,' said Kcx, *' end yoa steer. Freckles.' ! 4* It's getting awfully da-k,' be said pre-' 6cntly, attcr working otea lily for a quortvr of] ! an hour. ' Are we near the lock yet « 44 Another sixty yards and we'll be inside.' answered Madge, peering into tbe darkness for' i boats ahead. In tbe lock Madgn wanted to change *nd take the sculls to rest R*-x a bit ; »bf thought, too, that liu would picfcr 'lie ural next Pnulinn, but Hex insisted on retaining the oars, he was not tired ho said ; and it wantad a man's stroke tu get them home boforo it becamo quite dark. When they rme-grd from tho lock they found tbe rivi r very misty, besides being over shadowed with trees now for the rest of the reach home. 4- I doo't like this ; I don't feel safe,' ex claimed Pauline. 44 It's all right if we are careful, and Precklca is a splendid steerer,' Ilex assured hrr. Presently Midge ^id : ' Rex, there is some thing in front ol u* ; it looks as if a great coal bnrgv bad broken a«'ay from the tug and was floating broadside on to us.' Pauline hcnami-d. ?'Give her plenty of room, then,' ordered Rex, and Madge tun e l tin; host into tbe middle of tbe stream, as thn obstacle seemed coming down almost alone the bank. Suddenly, as th-y came from the shadow of tho great hulk the lights from a steam launch bloznd in their eye». Before they knew what to do the frail boat struck fon-ibly egiinst some thing. 14 We're lost '. We're lost !' ciied Pauline. 'Sit ?-till for God's sake, or we shall be,1', commanded Rex. ' Onn you both switn P' ' Klip loose your .skirt*,' whispered Madge, ut Pauline flung herself on the cide of tbe boat in a paroxysm of terror, snd before tbey had time to recover her, 6he had opsi-t them all into the water. ' Help !' choated Rrx ; 44 we're capsized ; stop the screw.' Mad/e foand herself clinging to the side of the boat, which bad not tunned over, but had righted itself more than half full of water. She onught at the wri«t of Pauline and placed ber band oa tbe boat too. ?? Hold on,' sbe cried, 41 we are all right but ev» n as she 9poke she felt the boat sinking steadily beneath ber weight : it was eviden' ly leaking. Soon she heard Rex rinse to tier. ' Are you both tog« ther V' 41 We are both h«*re»' nnswirvd Madge. 4 Pauline is so quiet 1 fear she fainted or re ceived a blow.' 44 We must struggle on to the barge ; the steamer does not seem to hare heard us, and bas gone on.*' ' Save Pauline,'* cried Freckles, as tho boat sank out of her grasp with a swish and a whirl of Idack water. Rex seemtd undecided. Id that oopreme moment the faithful aff-*etion of a lir. time seemed to outweigh tbe pulsion of yesterday. 44 Save her,' repeated Madge ; ?? 1 can swim Rex struggled to the hide of the barge, but it was too bigb out of the water to allow oi any lan.liog, huntened as hn was, too, with tht inanimate weight of the fainting Pauline. H- was a strong swimmer, and so by skirting the barge managed at Isst to giin the bank. Th^rc he deposited his future wife. ' Freckles,' h- sbonted. 44 make for the bank. It's not so veiy far. ; go down stream a little and then come past the barge. Madge ! Madge ! I will keep on shouting that you may know which way tc turn. Or shout, dear, aud I will come out tc ^ No anaweringshout relieved his hungry ears 41 Freckles !'* be cried wildly. *' Madge Hadge !' Still no answer, bat in bis ears rar to the tune of tbe gurgling waters. 44 Ba-i ?ber j I can swim !' An! with that generous lie on her dying lip* Marjory's loving soul had fled oat to eternity. 