: MY FRBEftlQ ?§!lft3G&Sf;&€9D. [By H. Barton Baker.] Chaptee I. It was in this way I first met David Ring wood. \ Feeling out of sorts I asked for a week's leave of absence from the office, and at the end of . September ran down to Hastings. On the very first day of my arrival my particular attention was attracted to one of the visitors, a tall, broad-shouldered, loose iimbea man, wun bright blue eyes, a rugged but animated face that was haif buried in sandy beard. Wherever I went I was sure to meet him, swinging up and down the esplanade, lounging on the pier, or at a bar, or in the smoking-room of an hotel. His was a most striking personality. On the last day of my stay I went down to the beach to take my farewell dip in the sea. The tide was going out fast and heavily, and before I was aware of it I had drifted into deep water. Turning, I tried to make for the share, but I am a very poor swimmer, and the waves so buffeted me that [.lost my presence of mind, got my mouth full of the briny, shouted , for help, and almost gave mvaell: ud ior lost. Suddenly a firm hand gripped mine and pulled me on to' my feet. Ic was the' man whom T had so frequently noticed. ' You have saved my life. How can I thank you ?' I gasped. 'Nonsense!' ne answered, wifcK a good humored laugh; 'yon were not in more than six feet of water. Make haste and .get on your clothes, and we'll go. and have a rum and milk together.' ' ? Within half an^hour, over two or three imodicunis of that favorite pick-me-up, we Ibecame very chummy, and, finding ' he was returning to town next day, 1 invited him to come and take pot luck with us at 2 o'clock on the following Sunday. I returned home quite enthusiastic about my new-found friend and preserver. Per haps my amour jjrojjre made me somewhat exaggerate the little oathing incident, and I so excited the imaginations of my wife and my daughter Myra, who was of a very lomantic temperament, that they regarded Mr Ringwooi as quite a hero and the saA'iour of their household gods. At z o ciock precisely a toua rat-a-tat at the street door of my little villa at West Dulwich announced the arrival of our eagerly-expected visitor. '' He was dressed exactly as he had been at Hastings, in a loose blue serge suit, colored shirt, scarlet silk necktie, and broad-brimmed, soft felt hat. His age might have been fiveand thirty. His good-humored, frank cordiality went at once to the hearts of my womankind, who began to falter out their thanks, but he quickly interrupted them. ' Why, a child could have done what I did,' he siid, laughing; 'I only held out my !i»nd to him.' But such words had no effect upon my wilVs ana Myra's enthusiasm. They had fully persuaded themselves that he had performed an act of the highest heroism, and they were not to be disillusioued. I don't think I was ever in such pleasant company as David Ringwood's. He talked all through the dinner, he talked all through the afternoon, and we were only listeners ; he related all kinds of extraordinary personal adventures in all kinds of strange lands, and described the localities with the vividness of an impressipnist ; his language was simple and not that of an educated man, but it was forcible and picturesque in the extreme. He left us only just in time to catch the last train for Ludgate Hill, after exacting a promise that we would dine with him at the YVcstminster Palace Hotel, where he was staying, on the following Wednesday. I don't know how it was, but as soon as 1 was free from the glamor of his presence I did ,not feel quite so enthusiastic about Rinsf wood as 1 had before. It was curious that, frank and open as his conversation had ap pareatly been, he had never dropped a single word that gave any clue to his present occu pation or personal history, or even to what country he belonged. He had been a shep herd or shesp farmer in Australia ; he had had to do with cattle ranches in Mexico; with horses in Texas ; with gold -mines in California ; with the diamond fields of South Africa ; and the ruffianism of the Bowery. Surely, you will say, this was an auto biography, and yet with it all I felt that I knew nothing whatever about him. After this we saw a good deal of David Ringwood, andomy wire and Myra, as 1 ) afterwards discovered, much more tnan I did, as he was constantly taking them about to exhibitions and places of amusement. One evening 1 and my son Stephen, who was in the same office as myself, were smok ing our pipes together after the women had gone to bed, when t^e;la(i said suddenly : — ' Father, somehow'! don't like that Ring wood.' I started ;':!' it was the echo of my own thoughts. piW.hy ?' I asked. ' Because gl feel car tain that he isn't altogether what he seems to be, and our Myra is too much taken with him. She was always looking out for a hero, and fancies she's found one in this red-bearded fellow.' ' Then we must drop his acquaintance,' 1 cried, excitedly. ' I feel very much as you do, Stephftn, about him.' But while I spoke I knew that this was more easily said than done, and that 1 should have a very bard fight over it with my wife and daughter, both of whom he had thoroughly fascinated. Chapter II. The next evening, when Stephen came home, about 9 o'clock, I noticed that he looked very disturbed ; he gave me a sign, unnoticed by his mother, to follow him into the next. room. '' Father,' he said, as soon a3 we were alone. ' it's just what 1 suspected ; our Myra is meeting that follow Ringwood clandestinely. 1 saw them together at Unaring-cross station this evening.' Before I could maks anyiemark upon this startling intelligence there was a loud knock at the street-door. ;; * hac is he !' I exclaimed. rfnd immediately afterwards the servant admitted Myra, accompanied by Ringwood. Myra was looking very pale, and 1 could not help observing that her companion did not appear to be ac all himself. I was clearing my throat to demand an explanation when King wood said, abruptty, '.ashton, will you give me a bed to-night I I feel tired, and out of sorts. Put me any where ; on a sofa, or on the kitchen table. I could sleep on a gridiron.' ' *. h, certainly, &lr; Jtungwood,' put in my wife, eagerly. ' We shall only be' too pleased. ; he spars room is quite ready.' '? Would you mind if I were to go.- to bed at once ?' ? ': But you will have some supper first ?' 'jmo, thank you; it is only two hours since I dined.' .- My wife quitted the room afc once to sea to things, and IViyra follswed her, saying, she: had a headache and should go to bed. Kingwood droppeJ into a chair like a man who was dazed or under the influence of some g' eat shock. ; knew what he meant, but 1 was so agitated that my tongue clave to the roof of my 'mouth, and I iound it quitq impossible to speak what was in my mind. 'Ashton, said Ring wood ,- with such suddenness that he made me jump, 'if any one should call and ask for me, whether by name or description, will you say I am not here — that there is n j one in the hotise but ycur own family ?'' iVj. ' Ye— es, cenaiuly,' I said, l{ if you wish it-' '-. \ .... He did not seem to notica my hesitation or the ill-grace of my manner, butv-'added, very emphatically— ~\ . ' I hen I shall rely upon yon.' .u - At that moment toy wife came in £o say that all was ready for my unwelcome guest. \- e wished us all good-night and followed the servant upstairs. ' Whatever is the matter with everybody ?' exclaimed my better half. 'You and btephenlobk as if you had seen a ghost. Myra's gone to bed complaining, and even Mr i.ingwood is not a bit like himself.' Stephen said something about the weather, which was foggy and drizzling, and to turn the subject I asked him what news there was in the evening paper. ' I don't know, I have never opened it,' he said, producing one from his pocket. As he hastily scanned the latest intelli gence he uttered an exclamation: '?The dynamitards are at it asain !' he said. Stephen read out a paragraph which briefly, related how a man had been observed, be having in a suspicious manner in West minster Hall about five o'clock that evening. The constable who noticed him, failing to act promptly, had suffered the person to elude his vigilance, but immediately after wards he discovered a bomb, the fuse of which had been lighted but would no*;. burn. The. writer added that the suspected indi vidual was not unknown to the police, and was supposed to be a very dangerous mem ber of the Clan-na-c»ael, who had been stay ing for several weeks at the Westminster Palace Hotel. - At those last words Stephen raised his eyes ' to mine, and it needed no word to tell me that he was thrilled by the same awful thought as myself, it was more than a thought -T it flashed upon me with the cer tainty of conviction. ' What a wretch !' exclaimed my wife'. 'What a stupid fellow that constable must have been to lose sight of him. I do hope they will trace him.' Very quickly I determined upon my course of action. I did not want to be mixed up in such a terrible business as this ; 1 had been receiving this man as a personal friend ; my wife and daughter had been going to theatres and other public places with him. How did I know what suspicion might fall iipon me ? It was clearly my duty to call in the police. But if I did so, there might be murder ; he might shoot one or two of us. No ; let ths people who wsre paid for this business look after him. The best thing I could do would be to get him out of the house before any harm came to it. Without saying a word I quitted the room, went upstairs, and knocked at Ricgwood's door, 'jtisi, Ashton,' I said; 'I must speak with you at once.' . . ' Have you anyone with you ? Has any one come '/' he asked from within. ' No one ; I pledge you my word. I am alone,' I answered. The key was turned in the lock, and the next moment he stood before me. I started back affrighted. He had thrown off his coat and necktie, his beard was gone, he was close-shaven, exposing a massive jaw and savage mouth. He had a revolver m his hand ; he was very white, and there was a look in his eyes, fierce, deadly, determined, that told me 1 was not mistaken in my mai. ' Mr Ringwood,' I faltered, ' you must leave this house. I — I — know who you [ are.' ? v At that moment there wsis a loud double knock ac the street door. 'You have sent for the police ?' he cried, with an oath, and he raised the revolver. ' Stop ! stop 1 for God's sake ! Remember he is my father.' It was Myra, who had darted out of her bedroom. She had evidently been listening and now came between us. ?' Dearest David, for my sake, be patient.' She threw her arms around his neck ; then, turning to me, said, quietly, '? He is my husband ; we were married this morning.' On the last words my. wife came rushing upstairs followed by Stephen, who had told her all he knew. ' Who is that at the door ?' demanded Ringwood. ' Only a man who knocked at the wrong house,' my son answered. My wife made a dreadful scene. She was now all against Ringwood, and vowed she wouH call in the police. ' iShoot me dead if she does, David',' cried Myra, wildly.- ^ Wei], to make a long story short, I got him out of the house, and he himself pre vailed upon Myra to remain. But her part ing words to him were :: — ' Send for me, dearest, whenever you will or under any circumstances, and 1 will come to you. Father, mother, all the world sue nothing to me where you are concerned. Remember, I care not for good or evil if I am only with yon.' His eyes were full of tears as he hugged her -in his arms and passionately kissed her. Ringwood ' got safely away and out of England, in spite of the vigilance of Scot land Yard. Two months afterwards he sent for Myra to join him in New York. Myselt and Mrs Ashton did all in our power to break off this dreadful connection, but in vain. -UJ.Ji.cl; WilLCS UU UO IIUVV C11H.I cXgtllLL, KJ1AC says she is very happy, but we have only her word for it, and we are in constant tear of hearing that her husband has at last fallen into the hands of the law and paid the penalty of his desperate deeds. 