Mr. Oliver li»iubrtdge« R.A. Yhstkupav (Friday), nbmit 12.55 p m., wo had a visit from Mr Oliver Hainbridgc, who is touring t)iu world on foot, writing iuul illustrating a worlc. to bo published by a F.ondoii syndionto. lie has' beon louring tor over three years, and is now on. his homeward journoy to London ; he goes to lCden, tliotioe to Melbourno, Tasmania, New Zealand, Honolulu, Samoa, San Francisco, via Chicago to. Now Ynrlr, and then to St. Martin's place, London, his. Btarting place. Ho started without any monoy, tloos not receive any during his tour "; ond has to maintnin liitnsalf by his lectures and enter tainments ; and judging from his credentials his lccturcs are of. tho highest order, and. havo gained, him.many laurels. Ha is a dramatist, artist, author and poet; and in.caoh branch is regarded us a man or much ability. His drama " Ksnn " has won for him,groat renown. Mr. liainbridge is a tall gentle man, of poetio appearance, with long brown wavy hair; ho says that remarks of the most ridiculous and idioticnaturo can bo heard as he passes the vulgar herd of tho gront unwashed who gaze in - bo- . wilderment. Questioned as to hospitality he says, that Australia is first class. Wo herewith give one or two oomioal remarks heard by Mr. Bainbridgoas bo walked along tho street to Sydney - " Censer's ghost,whoso this."' "Great Soott, Uoros Buffal»< Bill." Oh I there goes De . Itoiigemont." "Get. your hair out." This o£ courso is vory familiar.. " There goes Sbakcspearo. " Say Bill, this cove is< a doad ring for Soquuh-I Dr. Sequah, it will be ro mcmbered, was in Australia some years. ago, and: had long haiv. In Sydney Mr. ftninbridgo stayed at. the Oxford ITotel, whero he rocoivod visitors which, included tho most important persons. Ho refers to . Miss Mtiwl FitssUibbs) ns a, remarkably. brilliant . woman, nho ployed some of her compositions wliioh. Mr. Bainbridgo pronounccs to bo oxcellenfc,. Withi mutual wishes for a Merry. Christinas and a pros porous Now Year, our podeslrian friend left on hia-. lengthy journoy quite happy. Wo ngree withi "Flashes" (Brisbane'sSocioty Paper) that ho is a. real Dohemian* 