PERILS ENCOUNTERED BY DIEBRS, -4---- (David Paton, in "Good Words.") Divers who have been down in foreign seas tell of exci.ting encounters with shairks. But it appears that "the demon of the sea," with all its voracity, is a little timid in presence of the strange creature that wears a shining helmet, with the eye of a Gorgon and a long plume of h.isping air-bubbles. A diver who spent some years. at the Aus tralian pearl fisheries describes in this way his first encounter with a shark: "I felt instinctnctively," he says, "a strange presence before T saw anything The small fish usually found in great numbers among the corals had entirely disappeared, and the absence of these fiitting little companions, when one has become accustomed to them, produces the effect of intense stillness. A creepy, indefinable .senshtion of dread took hold of me, and it became one of ,downright terror when I turned and saw, within ten feet of me, the bulk of an immense shark. The creature lay nalmost motionless, half-hidden among a mass of cobweb corallines. My first thought was to be .pulled- up; but as fish have human. nature enough to want a thing as soon as they see it is being taken away from them, I re jected 'the idea. A sweep of its tail, and the great fish and I were face to face. Holding my breath, I stood per feetly still, my heart beating ,wildly and my eyes riveted on the wicked eyes and cavernous monuth of the shark, r felt that the monster was in,pecting me with some curiosity, and after a fe~a moments I became aware that by. an al most imperceptible motion of its. flexible tail it was gradually appronach. ing mne. Nearer and nearer camine the le viatihan, the shovel-shaiped nose point Ing directly to my face-glass. Flesh and blood could stand it no longer, and with a yell I threw up my aurms. Instantly there was a swirl of water, a cloud of mud, and my enemy vanished." Another shark story, this time from the West Indies. "A large steamer," the diver relates, "had struck on a. reef and then. slipped olf into deep water, taking down with her the mails and a valuable cargo. There were some papers that were particellarly wanted, and I was in the chart-ro?mn under the bridge working for them when suddenly,, as I turned, I saw the wicked snout of a big shark close to me. It was a nice fix to be pinned uqe in the corner of a little square room with a big brute between me and the door. I went creepy all over, I can tell you. But I kept still and so did he, except that he worked a flu lazily, like a screw steamer holding ca against a tide. I got the knife in my belt loose, and waited. The shark evidently did not know what to make of me, and gradually drifted over to the other side of the room. I began then to move towards the door, and had almost reached it when the shark made a sud den rush in the same direction-and disappeared. Which of us got the bigger fright I don't know." But encounters wi.th sharks don't al ways end so.. Some years ago an Eng lish diver, who was at work on a sunken wreck off the idland of Diego Garcia,. had a visit from the same shark every day for a week. At first he had no trouble in scaring it away; it was enough if he gave a turn to the escape valve in his helmet and let out a little air. B?It at the end of the week it Mad become very troublesome. The diver signalled 'for a knife and a, looped rope, and then boldly held out his bare hand as a balt to tihe shark. The mondter came on with a rush and was turning on its back when it was stabbed by, the diver, who then passed the loop round its body and sent it up to the sur face.. A cool head should certainly be included .in the equipment of 'a man who seeks td earn his bread, in tle sea. The story is told of a 'diver wiho saw two ghosts, "full fathom five" under the surface. He had gone down to the wreck of a large steamer, antd was crossing the main saloon when two gray shapes of enormous size cams shambling towards him. He did not wait to make notes for the Psychical Society, but gave the danger signal and was at once pulled up. Told in the cheerful light of 'day, it seemed rather a lame story; and another diver went down to see what he could make of it. Towards him also same the shambling gray shapes'. He stooed ir resolute for a moment, and then, going boldly fbrvard, struck the hatchet through- a mirror! ThTe ghosts were only a dim reflection of his own legs, much enlarged, of cou.rse, as every thing 'is that a diver sees through the great frontal eye o,'his helmet. Lisle.--The agent for the "lExamlner'" at. Lisle Is Mr. W. J. Kenworthy. 7 