I INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. From Melbourne Papers. VICTORIA BENDIGO, September 4. Though active inquiry has been con- tinued by Detective Sexton and Mounted- Constables Germaine and Polmear, with the view of identifying the remains found in the bush at Sandy Creek, not the slightest success been obtained. The pellets found in the body, together with the knife and shirt of the dead man, are to be forwarded to the Government analyst, Mr. Blackett, in order to ascertain if there is anything to suport the theory that death was due to a dyamiite explosion. Meanwhile, there is a slender hope that broken portions of a housewife's recipe written on a piece of paper bearing the printed name of a Bendigo firm, and found in the. clothing, will assist in idenitification. The ghost scare continues. About 2 o'clock on Saturday morning a constable on duty in View-street was called by a tramway employee, who said that while on his way home past the upper reserve an apparition in white appeared, and stared at him over the hedge. He had a revolver in his pocket, but was too frightened to use it. The constable and a companion searched the reserve, but could find no one, though on examination on a seat near the fence at the place where the figure ivas alleged to have been seen fresh muddy footprints were found. BALLARAT, September 4. Tbe three principal charitable institutions of Ballarat have each received a " big wind- fall," quite unexpectedly. Some days ago an elderly man named Harvey, a resident of Ascot-street, was found in a weakly condi tion,suffering from an incuiablc complaint. He lived alone, and his habits appear to have been of a miserly character. In his illness he was attended by a neighbouring woman, and as his condition became worse, the police were sent for, in order to arrange for his admission to the hospital. The medical officers at the institution, however, refused to admit Harvey, as his com- plaint was "chronic." An private med- cal practitioner was then sent for, when the case of the old man was pro nounced to be serious. It was then suggested that as his days were rapidly drawing to a close, he should make a will, providing for the disposal of his little cot- tage, which he recently purchased for £40. Just as this proposal was made the pol¡ce noticed pieces of soiled paper tied around Harvey's leg, and these, on being " de- tached " and examined, proved to he Union Bank of Australasia deposit receipts for over £900. Harvey, who died on Friday night, made his will as proposed, bequeath- ing £300 eaeh to the hospital (to which in- stitution he had been refused admission), the Benevolent Asylum and the Orphan Asylum. His cottage he left to the " neighbouring woman," who was very kind to him during his illness, and he also made provision for the payment of £50 each to the doctor and policeman, whom he ap- pointed executors in his estate. The deceased, it appears, had no relatives in this quarter of the world, and the £900 odd was the result of over 40 years' toil and self denial. Had the hospital authorities given an " open door " to Harvey it is pro- bable he would have beqneated the whole of his property to this institution. 