NE3S DLES: ' Short, Sharp, Shiny." Cyclorama of the Crimean War still being! extensively patronised'. The weather is a little cooler and we are all thankful for small mercies. Pleasant weather for to-night's Continental at the Exhibition Gardens. The will of the late Mr. David Reid has been sworn not to exceed £22,700. ! ■ A subdued air about the meeting of the Hospital Board on Friday afternoon. "You have beaten us and now you want to humiliate us."—Mr. Symon to Mr. Reid. Mr. Charles Cartwright. with a theatrical company, arrived by the China yesterday under engagement to Mr. Harry Richards. A military prison at Balikesri, a town in Asia Miuor, has been destroyed by an earth quake. Nurse Daily is so far convalescent that she has been given permission to get out of bed to-day. Miss Guli Hack, A.R.O.M., and Mr. R. Nitschke will sing at this evening's Continental concert. The " fighting member" of the Hospital Board was absent on Friday and peace once more reigned. A bull in the Gippsland Ranges had its I horns made into pieces of cinder and its hoofs burnt off. The animal went mad. - "I tell my hon. friend as emphatically as he has told us that I don't believe we can go back to South Australia if his amendment is carried."—Mr. Symon to Mr. Reid, English and. American papers disappointed that Lord Salisbury is backing down from.the strong position originally taken up in respect to opening Talienwan to the world's trade. GLEANINGS OF HDJIOR. Worry is the interest we pay on our interest in life. Ambition starves, but everybody is ready to ask Success to dinner. Any fool can fall in, love. It takes a wise man to fall on his feet. Good luck will. show the weak and the strong spots in a man quicker than anything else. Willie Slimson—"Papa, how are matches made?' Mr. Slimson—"You'd better-ask your mother." Magistrate—"Excuse me, madam, but are you married?" Witness—" Oh, your worship, this is so sudden !" "Have you heard Stumps has been advised to go away for a change?" " H'm ! Is that medical or legal advice ?" "Whatever is the matter with Fido?" "Ob, isn't it horrid ? I gave him to the laundress to wash, and she starched him." Cadger—"Will you give me a few coppers for a bed, sir?" Isaac Moses—"Certainly, mine frendt. Vere i?h der bed ?" _ Buyer (entering poultry shop)—"I should like to see a nice fat goose." Small Boy— "Yes, sir, mother will be down directly." A man may guy, and a man may lie, and a man may puff and blow, but he can't get trade by sitting in the shade waiting for business to grow. • • Assistant—"We liaven't much to put in the! 'Hints to Farmers' column this week.'* Editor—"Put in 'Now is the time to sub-, scribe.'" "I told her I would lay the world at her feet." "What did she sayV" "She said if I was that athletic I ought to be travelling with a show." At a meeting of engine-drivers the follow ing toast was offered:—"To our mothers— the only faithful tenders who never misplaced a switch." . "Your son is an actor, you say, Mr. Maginnis ?" "Faith he is." "And what rOle does he play?" "Rolls, is it? Faith, he rolls up the curtain." ; • "He pressed her to his.breast and sighed," read the elocutionist ; and the boy in the gallery brought down the house by yelling:— " Which side V" Jinks—"Winks married a woman of intel lect, didn't he?" Blinks—"f don't know. Why?" Jinks—"I notice lie never has any buttons on his clothes." ■ _ Many a woman's memory is an undefined, invertebrate organism, which she hastily throws together on great occasions for purposes of discreet forgetfulness. Cabby (politely)—"Beg pardon, sir ;'please don't smoke in the keb, sir; ladies do com plain o' the bacca uncommon. Better let me smoke it for you outside, sir." " I see Smith has gone to Klondyke." " Is he going to hunt for gold?" "No; he has a better thing. He will start a pub and get all the gold the other fellows find." Sammy—"Yas money der root ohf all efil, fader?" Isaac Slim—" Yes, Sam; so you must dry and do all de good you can in life by ged ding it away frum people." • Banks—"I don't mind the influenza itself so much—it's the after-effects I'm afraid of." Rivers—"The after-effects'is what ails me. I'm dodging the doctor for 2o3." ' Mrs. Stuckupp—"Is thisj Mr. Slimpurse you have engaged yourself to a man of means ?" Sensible daughter—" Yes, mother. Hemeans all he says, and that's the husband I want." "Good morning, your worship," said the cheerful prisoner. • "How do you do to- day ?" "Finely, sir," replied the magistrate, curtly; and the prisoner swallowed his cheerfulness. Mrs. Prudence (during acrobatic perform ance)—" I wonder how acrobats ever learn to turn such wonderful somersaults?" - Mr. Prudencs—"I imagine they - take bicycle lessons." The Butler—"Hand he very night at the hour of midnight the ghost happears, and groans, and wrings its hands." Tourist— "Ah, must have died in the cucumber season!" "They have never spoken since they took part in private theatricals," said Miss Cayenne. "I see; professional jealousy." "Oil,* dear, no; something far1 worse. It's amateur jealousy." Mrs. Ginger—"How dare you talk to me in that way? I never saw such irhpudence. And you call yourself a lady's-maid, do you?" The Maid—"I was a lady's-maid before I came hero, ma'am." Gue3t (at country inn)—"lb doe3 seem rather strange, landlord, but it really appears to me that the eggs were fresher in London." Landlord—"But that is only a prejudice, sir. It is^from London we get them." Moss Tiptop— "Did you enjoy yourself at the opera last evening ?" Miss Westend— " Oh, tremendously. Mr. Blathersby is the most delightful conversationalist I ever attended a musical performanee with." . . .,. "Remember, my, hoy," said the middle aged man, "that contentment is better than riches." . "Yes," replied the young man, who is something of a philosopher himself, " that is to say, it. would be if there were any such, hing." . ; . Customer— " What is \ the price of this material?" Assistant—-"That is 2s. a yard, madam." Customer-r-." Oh, that is much too dear.". Assistant—"But it is.reduced from 3s." Customer—"Is that so? I'll.take ten yards." ' . -Lady (interviewing: housemaid)—" Why_ did you leave your last place ?". Housemaid— "Because the master kissed me, mum." Lady —And you didn't like it, eh?" Housemaid— "Oh, I didn't mind it, mum, but the mistress didn't like it!" "You may talk as you like," said the man who doesn't care for sport, " but there was one good thing about the gladiatorial fights of olden times." "What was that?" "The loser never had a chance to write to the papers and explain why he lost." Charlie—"Will you lend mo a quid, Jack? I'm awfully hard up." Jack—"Certainly, old man. Here you are." Charlie—''Thanks, awfully. I can never repay your kindness." Jack—"Oh, hang the kindness! Repay the quid, and I'll be quite satisfied." "Now, my boy," said the examiner, "if I had a mince-pie, and should give two- twelfths of it to John, two-twelfths to Isaac, and two twelfths to Harry, and take half the pie my self, what would there be left ? Speak out loud, so that all can hear." "The plate!" shouted the boy. A stutterer was abusing another' man terribly. The latter stood it as long as he could, then turned on the stammerer and said —"You take that back or I'll thrash you." "D-d-don'b m-m.-make m-me t-t-take it b-b back. It t-t-took m-m- me half an li-k-hour t-to s-s-s-say it." The blushing bride-elect was rehearsing the ceremony about to take place. "Of course you will giveme away, papa?" she said. "I am afraid I have done it already, Caroline," replied the old gentleman nervously. "I told your_Herbert_ this morning you had a dis position just'like your mother's." "" Mamma and baby have just returned-from a walk, and mamma exclaims" Oh, such good news. Baby talks. He has just said his first words." "Really ! " said her husband. " Yes,, just fancy. We 'were in the Zoological Gardens, standing before the monkey cage, when the baby cried out, 'Look at papa !'" " "Do you have mice in your house, Parker?" asked Wicks. .• "'Yes—lots of 'em," said Parker. " What on earth do you do for them ? I'm bothered to.death by them at my house." '' What do I do for 'em ?" said Parker. " Why, I do everything for them—provide 'em with a home, plenty to eat, and so forth. . What more can they expect?1 Minnie—" Mr. Billie, if I should consent to be your wife are you sure you would never! object to my dressmaker's bills, .never refuse to.buy theatre tickets when asked,, never—er I ■in fact, never object to any expenses which I, lffllf tmoK TVTv* Uillia • " nwlinrr 1 might wish to incur ?" Mr. Billie—" Darling, : I swear it!" Minnie—"Well, - Mr. Billie, if I you can't hold on to your money any better than that I must say no!" There is a good old story of a general whose death was announced in a newspaper by mistake—a circumstance which annoyed him very much. He called on the editor and j demanded that a contradiction should be in serted in the nexb issue._ "That, general,") waB the editor's reply, " is quite out of the question. We never apologise and we never withdraw a statement; but I. tell you what we'll,do for you. We'll put you in the 'Births' i nextwook." ,'*-) 