TOPICS OF THE DAY. Ait inquest was held by Sir Crimlldr at the Melbourne thiol to-day. respit ing tin? deatli of a prisoner named lmls I Jerry, -it» years of age, who died In the thiol Hospital yesterday. The evlih'tice showed Hint the deceased was arrested at ITe-dmi on a charge of va grancy and remanded to the thiol for liicdl'-al treatment on the 7th Inst. Hr A. Shields staled that the cause of death was extravasation of blood on Ihe hralu. and tlx Jury returned a ver dict In accordance with the medical evidence. At the meeting of tlx Colnirg Shin? Council last night a petition and several individual protests were received from ratepayers against the granting of lic enses for slaughterhouses within tlx? shire. A rumor had got abroad tliat In addition to an applica tion for a shiughteryitrd lic ense for a boiling down establishment. Already one shiughtcrytml llcoms Jjuh been granted, hut In the ease of the sec ond one. it was staled that the promise were not satisfactory from. the engi neer's point of view, and the license had therefore hueu refused. ileorge Preen, :M years of age. a resh dent of Upper Kernlree dully, was ad mitted to tlie Melbourne Hospital by Dr. Donaldson hist night, . suffering from a sevens cut lu the left foot. He was splitting logs when tlx? nxe slipped and inillcte.. tlie wound mentioned. Last evening the monthly .meet ing of tlx? Klehl Naturalists' Club was held as usual. Mr (L French, the vcrnmeiit Kntoinolnglst, presided, and the attendance was large. Mr Ilail lead an able paper oil "What's In a Name," relative to the nomenclature »( genus ami species of zoology and botany. Mr Hanse gave a descriptive paper on the butterfly. A coiivorsnzlono followed tlx business. meeting. Tlx Smith Richmond Isdstiro Club hidd their llrst meeting hist evening at their rooms. Cordon street, South Rich- mom). There was a fair attendance of vnuiltx. Mr R. cibbliis was appointed itmitngcr. .Mr I. Lear secretary, and Mr A. Mnloncy treasurer. Walter Smith, alias Avery, was ar rested by I'lahieloiii'fS-consitibli An- piebv to-day on a charge of. In company with two otix r men. assaulting, with Intent to rot. William Tyiums, on Kiitnnliiv .. uighb at about... half- past eleven o'clock. John Wil liams Is already iu custody charged with tlx offence, and on remand for n week. Tin third nam Is sill! at large. Kryan Fjirroll, 715 years of age, wins sentenced to six months' Imprisonment at tlx t'lty t.'opri tiiis morning <>u a charge of vagrancy. In the Practice L'oiirt to-day .Mr Was- ley obtained from Mr Justice Williams an order nisi to review Hie decision of she district tint gist rales In tlx? case of Marshall v Foster, In which I I sUnnx-n of the k.s. Hullmhil were sentenced to nominal Imprisonment on a charge of refusing to work on Sunday, IGih .Innii- iil>\ Tlx grounds Upon which the order was obtained were that tlx alleged dis obedience of orders was not wilful; and that defendants hail reasonable ex- ciive for disobeying a command which, under the Act «»r t.'harles IL, wan tin- lawful. The order nisi Is rcitnrmible on Wednesday week. A Herman, named WUIInm Hulling, who said thai he was llfly-eigltt years of age. and a ('Igar-nuiker, reading at Donald street. ITnlirau. was charged nt tlx (.'by Knurl this morning with steal lag a pair of boots, tlx property of Louis Saunders, Constable Strickland staled Lint he saw neensed In SwatiKton hi feet yesterday afternoon, under the iutluenee of liquor, with a pair of boots under Ills unit. He was tillable to give mi v explanation of how lie eitine pits, sussed of them, ami witness locked hint pp. Subsequently It wis discovered that the hoots had been stolen from Mr Saumlers' shop In Kwanslon street. Accused was sentenced to a mouth's Imprisonment. Mr V: T. Lloyd, formerly Hltlef Con stable of York, who a few months ago \vi»h appointed a resident magistrate In Ireland, presiding nt Cahlrcivceti tco. Kerry) Petty Sessions, reports a Lon don miner, snid: ''I should like to con- gratututo tho public and tbu police of this district on tlx? fact thai after near ly four months' constant attendance to my duties as resident magistrate in this ;>or?.io» of Ireland, comprising six Petty S«s-loii q-irlets, and an area of nl>ut one lie.- and square tnlles, I have never y»-r h::<i before mo a .-ingle complaint of id. ft. and not om- MngJ ease of crimi nal assault on wouieu or children. IJoth of thc-f? class'? of en-en arc terribly common In Kngbind— I say so ns an Lngllshmaa niynelf— where I lived all my life until quite recently, and I think that -it speaks volumes for the people of .South-we.st Kerry, among: whom my lot Is at present cast, that they should be m strictly upright and i.one-t, considering their great poverty anu tne hard lime.; they are uow so patiently enduring." J ue i.etca Annie, bound for Lauuees- lon. w;? reported this morning as aground on tin west ban!: of the W»-t tJ..A!;ix.-i. ums floated off about two hour afb- rvattN. "What proportion of weight D car ried on either whtd of a bicycle':" is a queatiufi or ten discussed, and not ca.-ily answcied, says u home cycling Journal. Mxpcriments re-cent ly made, however, show the following results:— A riueraad wheel, weighing -together loGib., were used 'in the tests the Trout wheel of the machine being rested on platform Hiak'S, and the rider assnmiug different positions, such as are commonly adopt ed In ridlug. When the jtosltlon was ex ceedingly erect, the weight shown was Pi lb., when tlie position was erect, it was -!7lb.. when slightly Inclined for ward. perhaps the average. It was ."Vtlb.; wh«n inclined well forward 1: was fjlilb.. und in scorching position, t:01b. It thus npjiears that in what we have calh-d (he average jtosltlon. Just oue-talrd ot the weight rests on the front wheel, and two-thirds of the weiglit rests on the rear. Those llgurc are. of course, for a stationary jjosltlon. an»! do not take luto ac(?ount the effect of grades, pedal ling, ami pulling on handles. A general meeting of baronets took place at the Hotel Victoria last month, und was largely attended. The meet ing was strictly couiiucd to member of the order, who tuet for the purpose of considerlug several questions uffeetlug the dignity of the Order, uttd for form Rig a Kwlety. VIcu-Admlral Sir Iaitub- tou Loraioe, Raronet, occupied the chair, and resolutions were passed con stituting a society with the title of the lionbrahie Society of the liaronetage, and appointing an Executive Commit tee. One hundred aud eight-one mem bers of the Order were enrolled at the meeting. Mr Francis Plxlcy, F.S.A., is registrar, to whom all communications are to 1h? addressed at 5$ Coleman street, K.C. Newspaper boys on cycles arc no longer a novelty. They are only a nui sance. Rut. If one of the crejHJ-bon- noted old ladles who hawk newspapers at tin? street comers were to take to the wheel, that would create a mild seusation. even lu London. At Rertln, however, the "uuwspajtor woman" has taken to the wheel like all the rent, and arouses as little interest as If six? had never been known to move nlKJtit lu any other way. IMoro day dawn tlie old ladies wheel from one newspaper olllce to the other, collecting their stock, which, after sorting, they then proceed lo lake to the houses of their clients, again, of course, on the wheel. A young ludy living in Route haa shown herself much sharper and clever er than the' police of that city. Some days ago she was robbed of a gold bracelet, and In denouncing her loss at tlx? municipality six said six? could re- cognise tlie thief, and iuteuded to search for him. On tlx loth site saw him In lite IMazza San IMetro, aud rushing tip to 1dm, despite his resistance, she dragged him to the nearest police sta tion. The police, who had iieeii unable to trace the thief, then recognised in him a well known criminal who had hcen condemned several limes for theft and- for unlawfully, wounding, both with (lie kiilfa arid wltli llreanhs.''" A floating newspaper paragraph states that tlie Westfnghoiise Company has secured the contract for lighting some half-dozen catacombs In Roax? by 'electricity. "Route months ago," the i paragraph Informs us. "the snhicrran- ! can burial ground of Kt/CuIUsttm was ' lighted, and the effect was so satiKfae- tory that the persons iu charge decided to have electricity put In all tlx? cata combs of the city. Six motors, capable of supplying current for no less than lr.O lamps, will he placed lu the tdx catacomb!." The will of Evans, the Paris dentist, leaves tlx: greater part of his large for- tune to Ids native town, Philadelphia, on condition that a monumental stutuo is raised to his memory. At least L4D.WJ0 and not more than 1 .80,001), Is to be set aside for this purpose. Tho memorial Is to stiutd In a public place, and in the event of refusal the testator's estate Is to pass to the .live executors. Another condition Is the ciunblihhmeiit. of an Evans Museum, devoted exclu sively to the display of the medals, de corations. various Imdguiu, clothes and paiiers of ihe testator. The death of Dr Petttt, the illustrious French surgeon, was marked by inci dents which produced profound emotion I In tlx intud of friends who had assembl ed at the bedside. On Saturday even ing Dr Fenn. who was suffering from pneumonia, began to experience violent shivering. "I am done for!" he said. Forthwith he sent for the Vicar of Madeleine, and received Hie lasDsacra- incuts. The fever recommenced. He coiitiird ills pulsations himself, and ad1 ded: "I have never known anyone re cover after these symptoms, I an hour I shall he dead." He was then per fectly couhcIous, and said ."Hood-bye" to all his friends. In an hour, to tlie minute, writes the Pad.? correspondent of the "Mull," he had censed to live. li. Is stated that ten thousand tons of Olnsgou magistrates were taken out of Loch I'yne last year. This Is a start ling statement (says a I/mdnn conjoin- poraryi. especially as Hhisgow bailies are generally supposed to In Rlue Rib- bonltes. of which even Mrs Drmlston ; (quint can approve. Rut "a Hlasgow 1 magistrate" Is not necessarily a bailie, in fact, he h< otherwise known as a Loch I'vne herring, and why a Loch i Fyne hcri'lm: should be dubbed | Him:, gow magistrate our revered friend. , Rnllic Nh'ol .Ijii vIc's ghost, can ex- ; pin In. (tin of the Interesting statist!. , cni raets relating to ISUT Is that In Hint ' year no less than 207. HA cwt. of "Uias- gow magistrates" were netted In Loch . I'vtx. against onlv IM.-I22 ewt. In ISbtJ. I Practically tdl that big haul was in the I last six months, and P \yns so big n ' haul thai tlx weight of it burst many nets, to Hie Hulpliurnu.s impregnation of the at inosphcrc lu the ueigltbarlxnil of the boats. Tin language of ilshcrmcn -even or .Scotch lishcrmcii-at such times is apt lo be I'rcqnciH and free. Those who have never seen a herring Heel at work can have Utile knowledge of what a reserve of hardy milliners there Is In the country after all, ' Mr G. G. Hnitlorxon will roll by nunl.m, to- morrow, nt Stnnkaicl ,Grovi\ Elrtcrntvklt, at li oi loeb. Imurohultl furiEniro. j MfKM'.H o. n. Lanitrldix wrxl Son wilt null 1»y j nilsin. IM Gcurr,'.- trrct, T'lUroy, two ' two- ; frtnriti) bitch lioiiKw. I Mmira HtcMtrt, Pnrttrr and Co. draw nttrti- ' boil U (lio (art Ilia'. Uhj jj.:. Jlyc.rln will rctlio mi afternoon cxrurtten to-morrow (WcdiicHdny) to s.:li r.ujijuT Point uiul Dromurm loavtnr. Fori Melt' 'Oriic ItnUv.uy I'ler at 2 jmii,, calling ut St. KU(!.-t rai li way. On WVdnrrdny aftormion tlio h.h. Dorwrnl wJJJ tui. to VWrrJlici Jetty, leaving queen's Wharf at 2.20 p.m.. returning about 7 p.in. Fare. Ir. On ncrmmt nf the Drrwont helm; clini tend for HnttUdr.y next, there will he no uftr moon cxeuraloii to Wcrrlbeo Jetty ou that day. 