A GHASTLY VISITANT. I was a medical student in London, attend ing the lectures at dear old Bart's, aud look ing forward to being the possessor of a snug little practice which, for family reasons, I. could almost already call my own. It want- ed but a few days to Christmas, 1874, and I: Intended to pass that season with an aunt in Huntingdonshire. , On the 22nd I packed my bag, and in due time arrived at Oakshott as my relative Called her house — regarding ! which Miss Betsy Frotwood might have inquired "Why jOalssliott?"— It being named on the lucus a non lucendo principle, as there was not an oak within a mile of It, . The old lady met me In the entrance hall, and gave me an effusive greeting; so gushing was it that, although we were the best of friends, and I could always consider her home mine, I could not help fancying there must be some unusual cause for the delight she evinced. After supper the truth came out. "Phil, dear," she said, "I'm more than glad to see you this time. You know you are always welcome; but what you don't know is that either my intellect is falling or that there Is a— a ghost in the house! Yes; don't stop me, or I shall break down.; I know I shall. It Is very, very stupid; but I can't help It. And, O! Phil, Phil, my dear, dear boy——" and she burst into a hood ol' tears. 1 made some commonplace remarks to pacify her, wondering all the while what the deuce it- could be, and whether it was iMally a case of "a bee in a bonnet." By-and- bye her hysterical fit subsided, and my aunt was able to give me a rational account of her trouble. It seemed that for some nights past, after she had gone to sleep, she had been awakened by something tugging at the bed-clothes. On one occasion the eider-down quilt, and the covering next to it, had been actually pulled off, and had fallen on the floor. Natu rally Miss Rachel— that was her name — was very much frightened, but, nevertheless, each time she got up, lit her candle, and made a thorough search of tho room, discovering no thing, however, to explain the mystery. Her door was fast locked and bolted on the inside, the shutters were securely closed, and there was not a crevice in tho apartment that she had not carefully explored to see If a living bird or animal had been concealed there, but all In- vain. . I should state that my aunt, though wealthy, had only a small establishment, con sisting of two elderly female servants, and these I well knew, could bo entirely defended upon. They slept-' on the first floor, at the back of the house, overlooking the garden, and the servants' quartoj-s were on the story above. The front of the house, completely furnished should need arise, was almost al ways unoccupied, and, owing to the peculiar construction of tho building, the only other room at the back on the same level as my aunt's was the plate closet, where some -hun dreds of ounces of sliver, most of it antique and of great value, were stored. I had often endeavoured to persuade her to deposit this at her banker's, but she always objected to do so, alleging that it was one of her chief pleasures to look after the various articles herself, and to see tiiat not a speck was al lowed to tarnish their elegance. After Miss Rachel had told me her story, I fancied I could see clearly that no super natural agency had been at work, and yet I was puzzled to account for the fact that her chamber had certainly not been entered, and that no living being had been "lying low" in it. The elucidation of the difficulty was, I felt convinced, to "be found In connection with the plate closet, and I begged my aunt to allow me to pass the night in that retreat. After some hesitation she consented, and .when, bedtime came, I made myself as com fortable there as I could with the assistance of a sofa-chair, plenty of eggs, and a modi cum pf— well, not water alone. My only stipulation was that my aunt's door should be left unfastened. I must have dozed, off and on, for a couple of hours, when I was aroused by a piercing scream; and "Phil! Phil!" In an. agonising tone, sounded in my ears. I rushed out of the plate-room, crossed the narrow passage Which separated it from the bedchamber, and In a moment was In the latter. As I en tered something became entangled In my legs, and I nearly fell. But in that second, I heard a slight scuffle outside tlie window, and dashing open the shutters I caught sight of a man making tracks for the end of the garden. I had my revolver in my hand, and fired, bringing down the quarry. The shot attracted the attention of the village police man who happened to be close at hand, and between us the wounded man, who proved to be a ne-er-do-well of the locality, was safely housed, I then had time to devote attention to Miss Rachel, who, it may easily be believed, was not a little alarmed. But her satisfaction in finding that she had neither been the victim of a mental malady, nor of a ghostly visitant, tended greatly to quiet her nerves, and she wag completely reassured when we discover ed how the trick had been worked. That which had caused me to stumble just Inside my aunt's room turned out to be a fine, but very rigid, steel wire, one end hav ing been split In three, and each point bent down and sharpened, so that an exact re semblance of a bird's claw was produced. The window and shutter being not only old- fashioned but old, had left sufficient space at the corner next to the hinge to allow this Instrument to be inserted and pushed forward until the forked end rested on the bed clothes." A little manipulation enabled the man outside, who stood on a short ladder, to pull off the coverlet by means of the claw, and then quickly to disengage and withdraw the wire. Of course, directly he heard the sound of matches being struck inside, pre paratory to the lighting of the calndle, he vanished, only to return and repeat the operation on tho following night. This was the substance of the confession made by our prisoner, who alleged that it was his design by these means so to work upon my aunt's fears that — as I verily be lieve she would have1 done, had not I fortu nately succeeded In uniavelliiig \the mys tery—she would liavn changed her sleeping apartment to the front of the house, when he would have had the opportunity he desired, of gaining free access to the back— Including the plate closet. On the following morning when I went to breakfast an envelope with a £10 note was In my plate. — "St. Andrew's Gazette" (Bue nos Ayres). 