f *b* and f hctrhcs. ? . ♦ PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARBANGEMEKT. IN THE GRIP OF HATE, By A. W. MARCHMONT, Author of ' By Right of Sword,' ' A Heritage of Peril,' 'Sir Jaffnty's Wife,' 'The Mystery of Mortimore Strange,' 'By Whose Hand?' 'The Old Mill Mystery,' ' Miser Hoadley'e Secret,' &c;, &c.; COPYRIGHT. Chapter XX.— Mjrcv in London. The screams of the two ftirls were answered almost instantly from outside the door, and Ab Dur, who had been sleeping curled up on a rug in the passage, dashed headlong into the room. He saw at once what had happened, and drawing a long ugly-looking knife, ho rushed to attack the man who bad gained admittance into the room. But quick though he was, he was yet too late to effect a capture. The man leapt to the window and vauiahed like a dark shadow, just as Ab Dur seemed about to grapple with him. Instantly the latter followed, and with a muttered threat leapt out after the dark forms he could see stealing away in the shadows of the garden. The two girls sat up terror-Btricken at what was occurring, and to tbeir dismay the sound of a heavy fall was followed by a deep groan the moment after Ab Dur had jumped out. Running to the window and looking down, Mercy saw the faithful fellow lying oa the ground just below the window. Her first thought was that some of those concerned in the attack had lain ia wait and had run a knife into him, and she called to ask what had happened. ' Nothing serious. I have hurt myself in the fall, and I cannot go after those villains.' Perceiving the danger he would be in should the men return ani attack him as he lay helpless on the ground, Mercy seized a dressing-gown, threw it over her shoulders, and ran downstairs to open a window of the room below and take him in. On the way she met the Colonel and Juan, and explained the matter to them as she ran past. Heedless of any personal risk, she opened the window and Ab Dur was brought in and helped upBtairs. He had either twisted his / leg or broken the bone ; at fi»8t there seemed to be much doubt. For the moment he had all but lost the use of it — a fact which Mercy noticed with dismay. With the ayah ill in bed and Ab Dur unable to move, their defences were dwindling away fast. All the more reason, she thought, why she should go to London ; and this thought was uppermost in her mind during' all the turmoil and disturbance in the house that followed the discovery of the entrance into the girl's room. Ab Dur declared there could be no question whatever as to the meaning of the occurrence. It was the first attempt of the Indians to either abduct or kill hiB young mistress ; and he maintained that these attempts would certainly be continued until they wete successful, or the men themselves were killed. Nor was he surprised that the attempt had been made so bood. 'It is their business to strike as hard and as soon aB they can. They have been waiting for years ; why waste more time ? The real surprise is that the attempt should have been so feeble. The next will not fail on that account.' ' What would you advise ?' asked Mercy. The man shook his head and threw Lit hands up. ' It is fate, and we must meet it.' When the two girls were alone, Mercy told Lallu her plan. ' There is an early train from Penthatn at about seven o'clock, and I can get to London by about ten. I can do all that is necessary in about two or three hours— certainly in five hours — and as there is a train back from London starting at three o'clock, I can get home here by seven. I shan't have to stay a night away, you see ; and I Bhall be back almoBt before you have missed me.' ' How shall you go to Pentham V ' I must walk. There will be no one up in time for me to get my horse — besides, I couldn't t;o in my habit, and I dare not tell mother or Colonel Roca what I mean to do.' ' You will see Mr. Rhodes ?' said Lallu. ' Yes, dear, I hope bo. If he i6 well enough I hope he will come back with me.' ' We shall feel safe then,' said Lallu with a smile. Then after a pause she added : ' You won't Gnd the walk to Pentham long, if it is to bring you to him, Mercy.' ' Nor yet at night, dear, when it brings me back to you.' And at this each kisBed the other. ' And now we must be practical folk. I shall have a long tiring day, will you keep awake and watch while I try to go to sleep T I ehall never go to sleep again in this house without I know that someone is watching by me. Oh, how I wish we were out of it— or rajber, that we bad never Been it 1' ' I shall never see any other,' said Lallu, moodily. ' Nonsense, Lallu,' exclaimed Mercy, sharply. ' You do have the most morbid ideas. There is no reason whatever why we should not, as soon as we are through this bother, live just as happily as ever. I'm going up to-morrow for the very purposo of seeing whether something cannot be done. It is perfectly monstrous, at a time like this in which we live, when everything is so absolutely commonplace, that we should be seriously threatened. It can't 'be. There must be some way of putting an end to a persecution of the kind. ' Why is it morbid to speak of death ?' asked Lalln, going back to what she had taid. ' I am not afraid of death. ?, Dying is nothing but a long deep sleep. I may be sorry to leave certain people, lose certain things, and give up certain pleasures, but, on the other hand, I shall be glad to be done with the worries, to escape the people I dislike, and be free from the sorrows I cannot escape here. I may not like the pain of dying, but the dying itself it is worse than childish to fear. And after all it is much less trouble to die than to live.' ' I did not. know you were unhappy, Lallu,' said Mercy practically. ' When people talk glibly of death and dying it means ' I am not unhappy in the sesseyou mean ; but life for me is merely a long endurance with no relief; a long railway line with no station ; a long road leading nowhere but back into the jungle.' 'I wish I did not know what you mean,' said Mercy, in a low voice of sympathy, feel ing that the note was the cry of a hopeless heart. But the Indian girl made no answer. Early in the morning Lallu, who had sat buried ia thought all the while, roused Mercy, and the latter rose and dressed herself quickly for her expedition. Now that the time had arrived to start, she seemed to realise far more clearly than before that there was a certain amount of danger in the project, and when she crept quietly down stairs, after kissing Lallu and promising to be back with help of some kind before night, she could not entirely shake herself free from nervousness. The morning light was only dim and faint when ehe started, and the air was keen, and aa she crossed the garden and stepped out into the narrow bleak roadway, she glanced about her in some dread lest the visitors of the night should still be liugering near the house. But she saw no one. As soon as she was well out of eight of the house she stepped out at a quick pace, gathering courage as the distance increased between herself and the house, and nothing occurred to alarm her. The gray thin light of the morning made the desolatcness of the landscape all the more conspicuous ; but after her nervousness had passed away, Mercy's thoughts claimed loo much attention to let her pay heed to the look of the country- side. All the way to the station she kept a sharp lookout for any signs of that ' circle of peril ' which the men had drawn round her and Lallu, but she hud covered more than half the distance to Pentham before she met anyone, and this was only a tramp. She did not like the look of him, and kept as far out of his way as possible, holding herself ready to run should he attempt to approach her. But there was no cause for alarm, aud he took less notice of her than she of him. She did not give the matter half as much thought ae she would have done at another time, because of ihe bigger problems that were pressing for a solution. The train she caught was slow at first over the branch line, but she changed into the express and coon was flying Londonwards, thinking earnestly, and with a sense of glad anticipation, of tbe coming meeting with her lover. Every mile that took her farther from the dreary house that was full of ill omen and danger seemed to lift a double load off her heart, because it carried her nearer to Mervyn. At the great Liverpool-street Station she was a bit confused, because she knew London very slightly, but she had Mr. Musg rave's address, and jumping iuto a cab told the man to drive her there. Her fear was that the lawyer might not yet have made his whereabouts known, bur she had resolved to telegraph to him very fully if it was known. ' Is Mr. Musgrave in ?' she asked the lad who was sit*, ing in the outer office. ' No, mum. He's away,' said the boy, a sharp eyed youDpeter who scanned Mercy np and down with quick scrutiny. ' Who is in that I can see ?' ' I am, mum ; that is, I could take any message. But excuse me, what name ? And have you an appointment ?' And he opened an old well-thumbed di?.ry and- pretended to search in it for her name. ' I cannot give a message. Take my name —Hawthorne ; Miss Hawthorne— not Mrs.— to whoever (here is in Mr. Musgrave's place.' ' There ain't no one here in his place jjst at present. But take a seat, will you ? I'll hold a consultation.' He waved Mercy to a chair, and with an air ' of considerable importance went into an inner room. A clerk came but at once, recognising the name, and knowing the importance of the client, and ushered Mercy into Mr. MuBgrave's private office. 'I am sorry Mr. Musgrave is away, bat ? ' ' Did you write me the letter I received yesterday ? ' asked Mercy. 'No, I di-l not. In point of fact it was written by Mr. Darch, who has the matters ' Can I see Mr. Darch ?' 'Oh, yee, certainly— that is, presently. There is a little matter in Chambers, and he's over there. I don't think he will be very long, but tbe worst of Chambers is that some times one gets kept there such a time. I suppose yon have had no experience of that sort of thine ?' The client was pretty, and the clerk thought a few mindtes' conversation would be by no means disagreeable. But Mercy had very different intention*!. ' Can Mr. Darch be fetched ? I must see him immediately. I have come up to town this morning on purpose, and am returning as quickly as possible ; and every minute is of the most critical importance.' 'I dil not know,' stammered the clerk. 'I'll send for him— no, if you'll excuse me, I'll go over myself, and then, if necessary, I can do what he has gone for while he comes here.' Five minutes later the senior clerk came in and brought with him a smell of cloves, sug gesting that tbe businesi in chambers had not been so ugent as to prevent him getting some thing the smell of which was better concealed in business hours. ' I am so sorry I was out, Miss Hawthorne, but really the pressure of work when Mr. Musgrave is away is cruel— positively cruel. Now tell me what has brought you up? ] hope nothing very serious.' 'Yes, very serious indeed. Critical, in fact. Do you know Mr. Musgrave's ad dress ?' ' I posted to-day to Paris ; but personally I'm rather afraid he may not reach bo far to day. I sent4o the Poste Rest ante, you know. But he's on his way home. 'Then you don't think a telegram would reach him — I mean you can't think of an ad dress where a telegram would find him at once.' Mr. parch considered a moment and then shook his head. ' No, indeed, I cannot. He may be in Paris today, or perhaps not till to-morrow, If he is longer delayed we shall have a wire from him, giving his address for letters. But that is all.' — 'I had built upon it so,' said Mercy in distressed perplexity. ' Can I not be of any assistance ? ' 'IwautMr. Musgrave at Beachley Court at once. But I had better tell you what is the matter.' As briefly as she could, aud avoid ing as much as possible the inner reasons and facts which she would have told freely to the lawyer himself, she described what she believed to be the imminent danger in which Lallu was placed. But she said nothing of the fears she entertained on her own account from Colonel Roca. He watjhed her very closely during the telling of the very strange stoiy, and when he found, as he soon did, that she was keeping back some part of it, he began to doubt the tale altogeter. It seemed such a ridiculous thing to happen in these days; aud it occurred to him that Mercy, who looked very anxious and scared, had been imagining these troubles, and that it was really more a case for a doctor than a lawyer. ' What does Mrs. Roca say ?' he asked. 'She yields entirely to Colonel Roca'e de cision.' ' Do they know you have come up ?' ' No certainly not— but there are other reasons why I could not tell them. If Mr. Mnsgrave were here, he would know.' ' And what do you wish us to do ?' was the essentially lawyer-like query. It made Mercy angry. ' I do not wish you to do anything. I want to know what can be done. We cannot slay there and do nothing without running the risk of being murdered in our bed*.' ' You say Colonel Roca himself is satisfied that nothing serious is meant f Do you think it possible you may have made a mistake — may have exaggerated the dangers, for instance? It is really such a case as one has never he rd of. Most difficult to say wlmt to do — until so/net hi n g tangible happens.' ' You mean that you can do nothing,' said Mercy, pointedly. ' Don't please say that, Miss Hawthorne Of course, we'll do anything you wish. Do it readily. The difficulty is to know what to do. It will help matters very much, of course, for us to have Been you and to have learnt at first hand the position of things, because if anything should happen we shall be so much better able to act.' ' You mean, if we are murdered, you can give clearer instructions to the undertakers.' He raised his hands deprecatingly. ' Oh, don't please say anything like that. It Bounds so very grim and gruesome,' he said ; but in his thoughts the sentence quite squared with his previous opinion of the origin of her belief. ''One thing that should be done,' said Mercy, after a pause of thought, ' is to send down a number of men sufficient to guard the house during the night— four or five, or half a-dozen, I should think. Can you do that ?' ' Oh yes, of course, we could get the men easily enough, but do you think the Colonel would allow them to enter the house if I were to send them? You see what an awkward position they would be in, and so, of course, should I, if they got down there and then were refused admission. It's many miles from anywhere, isn't it?' Most unsatis factory to have anything to do with young lady clients, he thought. So absolutely im practicable. Pretty fool he'd look if he sent a lot of men on a wild goose chase like this. ' Then you can't do it ?' asked Mercy. 'I'll do it the moment I know they'll be all right there ; but you'll excuse me pointing out, it's not like your own home.' ' What then do you advise ?' ' Personally, I should suggest that you and — and this Miss, I don't know her name, should slip away quietly to auother place for a change. A complete rest would be very helpful ; you'd be out of all worry, and when you got back again, if you do go back, you'd find everything different. You would pro bably have tired out those miscreants who are lying in wait to do this most fiendish work. That's what I should advise,' he said, with the air of a man who has solved very neatly and dexterously a most difficult problem. But just when he was congratulating himself upon having wrapped up the hints out of recognition, Mercy pricked the bladder of his self-conceit effectually. 'I think I understand you. You don't believe that what I have told you is anything more than wild imagining'. As yott please. I will take other steps. Now, there are three things I wish done. I will write a telegram to Mr. Musgrave asking him to hurry home the moment he gets it ; will you please send it ? Next, I want some money. Can you get me twenty pounds? Lastly, I wish to kuow where I can find Mr. Mervyn Rhodes at once.' The prompt and decisive tone in which she spoke made the clerk half-disposed to think be might, have been mistaken in regard in her ; but he was glad to be free of a troublesome matter, and having made a decision, resolved to keep it, thinking that in any case nothing could happen in the day or two's delay before Mr. Musgrave came home. So he protested loudly that he had formed no such opinion as the suggested, and having taken charge of the telegram, and got her the money she needed, he sent the office boy for a cab to drive her to Mervyn Rbodes's address. ' Mr. Rhodes is still ill, I suppase yon know?'* he said, while they waited for the cab. ' He ia pulling round, but cannot get out of doore.' ' What has been the matter ?' 'Influenza, the doctors Bay— but I think overwork and worry. He hasn't the knack of taking things calmly. Fatal mistake. But you must be prepared too see a change in him if you haven't seeti him lately, us of course you haven't. I shall write fully to Mr. Musgrave to-night, and you'll let me hear the instant it may be necessary. Good morning !' asd he watched the cab drive off, ' and went back smiling. and satisfied into the office. Chapter XXL— With Mebvyn. Mercy's feeling of subpeuse and anxiety was greatly increased eb the result of the interview at Mr. MuBgrave's, and even her keen anticipation of the pleasure of seeiog Mervyn again was somewhat dimmed. The dread of having to return alone to the Court and to go on living the life of terror . which bad characterised the last few weeks, tended to utiflle all thoughts of pleasure. Mr. Darch's last words as to the change in — Mervyn had quickened her fear on his account also, aud she felt lone and miserable and helpless, as the hansom hurried along through tbe busy streets. Suddenly she started and almoBt cried out. On the doorstep of a house in one of the big Blooinsbury squares she saw the Indian who only the other day belore had called at the Court and given his name as Lai Mobum Rhosh. What was he doing here ? Had she found his home by accident ? There could be no harm in speaking to him in a public street in full daytime. He could do her no hurt here. Was he following her? These thoughts flashed through her head instantly, and she stopped the cab, told the man to wait, and jumpiug out, went back quickly. He saw her coming, but made no sign of recognition, tthe went straight up to him without hesitation and said : 'Mr. Rhosh, I think. Mr. Lai Mohuo Rhosh?' She had the name firmly enough fixed in her memory. He turned and looked at her, and bowed with a florid politeness, and murmured : ' I have not the pleasure.' 'Oh yes. You called yesterday at Beachley Court, near Penihain, in Suffolk, to see my mother.' ' There is some great mistake, madam. I have never been in ^nfrilk in my life, and for the last month have not set foot outside London. ' He looked her straight in the face while he Bpoke, and maintain- d petftct self-poBseeBioii. Vet she was pobitive. Not only did he tally with every line of Ab Dur's description of the man wbo had accosted him wheu in Lon lou, but Mercy could swear to him— his looks, bis eyes especially, his gestures, his voice, every thing. ' It is not I who make the mistake,' she persisted. 'I will swear to you. You do not deny your name is Lai Mohun Rho&h; ?' — — ' On the contrary, my name is nothing of the kiud ;' he epoke a little sharply now, and gave her a card bearing a quite different name. ' You must excuse me- I must go ;' and the door being opened, he enteied the house, and left her 8 1 and ing and staring helplessly after him. ' What is that gentleman's name ?' she asked the servant. 'I must refer you to' him, madam,' answered the man, curtly, shutting the door in her face. She went down the steps elowly and walked back to the cab. She was convinced it was the same man, and nothing would shake tbe belief. But she could not prove it ; bo she merely got the name of the tquare from the cabman, and jotted it down, together with the number of the house, for future reference. That the man should deny himself in that way seemed to Mercy so unaccountable a thing that she was puzzling over it and specu lating about it all the way to the house where she was to find Mervyn, and when the cab was pulled up with a jerk, it shattered all tbe imaginings and doubts and queries that made her face look anxious and careworn. Her heart beat fast when the door opened. When she asked for Mervyn the servant said she'd speak to her mistress, and ran to the head of the staircase to call the latter up. She came up slowly, breathing heavily, for she was very scout, and after looking curiously at Mercy, led her into a room on the ground floor. ' Of course, you know Mr. Rhodes is only lodging here and has been ill. Did you want to see him very particularly ?' 'Yes, very urgently. I have travelled over a hundred miles to-day for that purpose.' 'It seems so strange, like, you're being alone. You musn't mind my plain way of speaking ; but the doctor's orders to me was so very strict—' Now, Mrs. Jarvis,' he says, 'I've brought my friend here to be nurued back to health and enjoy the bracing air, but you understand he's got to be absolutely quiet. Don't let anyone see him on business — not on no account,' he says; 'because if you do, it may put him all back again.' I want you to understand how I'm situated, Miss.' 'I must see Mr. Rhodes,' said Mercy, firmly. ' My name is Hawthorne, of Beachley Court, and Mr. Rhodes is a great friend of ours.' 'Well, Miss—' began tbe woman, in a much more deferential manner. 'But tell me first,' interposed the girl, 'do yon mean that Mr. Rhodes is eo ill that an interview may do him harm ?' 'Them's the doctor's orders, Miss,' replied le woman, with sympathy in her voice, as she saw Mercy's distress. ' But I should think it would cheer him np a bit. He do seem dreadfully down.' Mercy sighed, and there was a double reason for her distress. Not only was he ill, and the bad never been able to be near him, ???' --?? ?'?'''..'? ? -? ? '?? ? : ? ?'-? , ,- -I fcut ehe would not now be able to tell him anything of the trouble at the Court for iear of doing him harm. 'I will Bee him, Mr*. J*rvis,' ehe said after a slight pause. ' And I trill do my best to keep off subjects that worry him.' The landlady went oat of the room, and when she came back her large face wore a knowing expression. ' He seems better at the mere name, Miss ; I never saw him. so bright. I don't know what the flight of yourself will do. Will you come upstairs?' Mervyn was lying on the sofa by the window, and be looked so white and thin that, at the first glance at him Mercy stood still in shocked surprise. Then she hurried across the room ana knelt down by the sofa and took the hands he stretched out to her. ' Mervyn !' she cried. He held her hands and looked at her with eyes that were hungry for love, and for many minutes' not a word more passed between them. ' That's the medicine he wants/' said Mrs. Jaryis to herself, as she went downstairs, having shut the door upon the two with discreet promptness. 'You have been very {II,' she said, gently, looking at him with compassionate eyes. 'Tell me about it.' 'The usual story,' he answered, with a feeble smile. 'I worked very hard after— well, that which parted us, for I was feverish in my haste to get op. I overdid it. I suppose neglected myself, conGdent in my old strength, I could do anything, and go any where, and stand anything before. But I ran down fast; worry and the change in things helped to pull me over. Then I had to go To one of the police courts across the river one day, and got wet in gcing, and sat in the hot court, and then went out and somewheie or other picked up the germ of typhoid. That settled me ; but I'm better now, and the sight of you ? ' The end of the sentence was a smile. ' You are very weak 1' ' I have been. But I'm pulling up every day — even days without such balm as this '\ —lifting her hand— 'and to- morrow I ehajf be a new man. If I'd only known you were coming I am sure it would have done me gooq* and made me well enough to meet you with quite a colour. To lie still here helpless, and to know that everything depends upon my work, is indescribably wearing, liut now tell me something of you. Oh, how I have longed for some news of you, Mercy. Is all well ? You look very anxious and troubled. I am afraid ? ' he'paused, and then added, ' But how is it that you have come to me here ? Of course, there must be some strong reason. But it seemed bo natural, after all, to see you, and 1 was so glad, that it never occurred to me to ask why. But how is it?' ' I came up from the court to-day to see Mr. Musgrave ; but he is away ; and then 1 came on here. They told me where you were. But I knew some days ago you were ill.' ?? How r ' Lallu sent her Indian servant up to ask you to go down to the court ; and he brought back word that you were ill.' ' Poor little Lallu. She is a good-hearted little soul. You know she came to eee me once at my ohnmbers. And what do you think ? She wanted to make me use some of her money so as to be the sooner in a position to claim you. She is one in many thousands of women,' he declared thoughtfully, re membering how she had urged the offer. ' But why did she want me at the court ? I am not quick-witted now. I don't see points as I ought. But tell me, why was it ?' Mercy hesitated a moment in her longing to have someone in whom she could confide, but the evidence of his weakness and the fact that knowledge of the trouble and danger, coupled with his inability to help, would only fret and retard his recovery restrained her. ?' She was anxious on my apcount,'*he said with a smile. ' But she did not reckon on my taking the reins into my own hands and coming to you instead of waiting for you to come to me. I am a wilful body, you see, Mervyn,' ehe said with a smile. But even as she spoke her old terrors began to wake again and to press in upon her. She was deliber ately shutting the door on a hope on which she had counted. ' And are you happy down at the Court ?'* he asked, making this the first of many questions by which he sought to learn all about her. Having taken her decision not to tell him, she held to it, and had to resort to some verbal fencing here and there to escape his direot questions, In this way a couple of hours escaped like so many minutes, and Mercy began to cast anxious eyes at the clock. ' Are you going so soon V he atked, wist fully, following her eyes. *' I must go down again by an early train. It is seven miles from the station, and I don't know yet how I shall get home. I must not stay f°r a later train, I should not reach Pentham till night. I dare sot do that ;' and she shuddered as she thought of the long lonely drive through the night. 'And what will they eay to the truant when she returns V 'I am indifferent. I have seen you, Mervyn, and what care I for all else ?' 11 1 wish to heaven I were well enough to return with you,' he cried, chafing at his weakness. 'I wish with all my heart you were,' answered Mercy so fervently, that he thought there muBt be something she had not told him. 'I believe I could do it if I tried,' he said. 'I am a different man since you came. I can almost feel the strength puleiog anew in my veins.' ' Will yon come down when yon can V the asked, adding quickly, ' bnt that will not be much good, perhaps. I am hoping to leave the Court soon, and I want Mr. Musgrave'a help. I am so sorry he4s*way.' ' Wire for him to come back.' 'I have ; but his clerks don't kuow exactly where to find him.' ' Is there anything serious the matter at the Courts Mercy ?' he aBked, with a. sharp, . shrewd look at her. ' There will be, if he does not come down there soon.' ? Then, seeing she had said too much, and had alarmed him, she added : ' It is very foolish of us, of Lallu and me, I mean, but the place is haunted, and we hear fior steps and strange sounds.' ' That is bad,' he answered ; but in a voice which fchowed he was relieved, and did not think the matter of much consequence. ' After all, footsteps and sounds are not such unruly ghosts as the phantoms of dead and gone buppiness.' ** Dead and gone, Mervyn ?' ' Well no, that was ungracious. But it is hard for us both just now.' ' It shall not be for long, I promise you. But now,' she said, brightly, 'as I am only consulting physician, and not doctor in regular attendance, I must leave a prescrip tion. Give me a-half sheet of pxper. ' Bright spirits, earnest hopes, strong heart, resolution to get well, unshakable confidence, and complete faith (in the physician). To be constantly taken, whenever the weakness is felt ; and great care is to be used in thoroughly cleansing the mind from all — what shall I say — broodincss.' That's it' — and she gave him the paper, laughing. He held her hand. ' And the fee, Physician 1 ' She blushed, and kneeling down ngtin p it her face close to his. 'Two guineas.' He paid them, aad more ; and his face was only less flushed than hers when the rose, while already the lights of hope were burning strongly in his eye?. The sight of the change in him filled her with happiness, and for the moment all her terrors and perplexities were forgotten; but as soon as she had left him and was being driven rapidly to the station, they came crowding buck upon her. It had beeu infinitely sweat to be with him ngafi£t£Vten--£Q,r so short a time — Imt with the 'iMStiy&of; mivsvveetness was the bitterness of jg/She, « as goi^J^uWne almost as helpless as S^e&V;'IajBome e\fpe& more helpless. Before ^miogiijp §he hallways felt that io any Jfis^gmily'bo^h BlivWusgrave and Mervyn VptftNje brotJfjh't tjjhelp her if necessary ; but fo\tlre;Sjioaient tKere/was no help whatever avau*bl4: %The'poTbnel was egiinst her, and had alre*dy^at^ei»pied her lite ; her mo her was feebler than herself ; Ab Dur, the faithful protector, was disabled ; the ayah lay on a bed of sickness— and there was no one but Lallu and hersslf. As ehe passed the hundreds of men in the street and saw the crowds if them in the rail way station, the sense of lonelinesB and help lessness seemed -o be increased Of all the multitudes there was not oue who would slira finger to help her. At the station, where she arrived some time before the train started, she remembered that she had had nothing to eat, and she went into the refreshment-room and had some meat and a cup of tea. It put strength into her, and she sat in a corner by the fire, thinking. Her back was to the room, and presently a voice close to her made her start nnd trftmble. It was the Indian whom the bad first seen at the Court, and had spoken to that morning in Bloomsbury— Lai Mohun Rhosh. What did it mean ? Was he going down by the same train? She waited until the way was clear, and then slipped out on to the platform and took up a position iu which she could watch those coining out of the refresh ment-room. After a few minutes Bhe saw h'm come out and hurry away to the platform from which the Pentbam train would start. He was going down to the Court to renew the struggle. . It would be a race between them who should get to the place first. She went to the telegraph office and wired to the station-master at Pentham, ' Please order carriage and pair to meet me by train arriving 7 '15. To drive tr.e to Beachley Court. Must be good hordes. Most urgent. M. Hawthorne.' 'Can I send money by telegram ?' she asked the clerk. ' Yes, miss.' . ' I'll send five pounds with this, then. Stay, I'll add a word and say so.' She added to the telegram that she wns sending money by wire, and was walking away, when she thought to send a wire to the Court warning them, and also announcing the time of her arrival. Having done that, she felt she had won the first move in the game ; and when she passed the Indian she noticed that be was watching closely everyone who cime on to the platform, and had thus seen her. Bat she was not so alarmed as she would have been before sending the telegram. ( To be continued. ) 