m mi t jealousy. CHAPTER X. A NEW INTRODUCTION. ]?or a moment the old clock-mender's eyes remained fastened on Madge's face, while she stood looking at him in amazement. ' What is it ? Are you ill ?' she said, going toward -him. ' Can I help yon ?' His eyes behind the heavy spectacles seemed \ soarchinr/ her heart, the thin shoulders '?_ beneath the old coat shivered. With an effort ho regained his composure. ' Beg pardon, Miss,' he said, huskily ; ' beg pardon again and again. I'm subject to these attacks. It's over now — quite over.' His lips had assumed a grim, resigned line, and he turned to the clock, while Madge was still disturbed by the thought of his sudden seizure. She went up the stairs, and as she reached iho first landing a sound attracted her. Turn ing, she Baw the old man covertly bnry Ms face in his hands, and heard a sob break irom him. If I could help him ! He's in some trouble. 'What did he mean by whispering the name 'Alice,' for I'm sure he did ? Perhaps she's a dead daughter, and I resemble her. I'll not -go back. No ! He wants to be alone. Poor old man !' She went on her way, and soon, in her lappiness, forgot for the time the clock mender's sorrow. She seemed walkingin an enchanted garden, and the memory of the miserable basement, the weary hours at the charity school, were like shadows to her now. / ' Can it be true that I am indeed I ?' she 'whispered. 'Not Madge Baldwin, nor Madge Perry, as Mrs. Baldwin told me. but Madge ITarneleigh, and that there is a dear, good aunt ready to greet me and lovo me, to make rip for all the years of neglect?' She was standing at a window of the cottage looking out over the brilliant land scape at the red road winding through the grass into the misty distance. But her thoughts were elsewhere. There is something — a great deal more, in fact — to be explained,' Bhe continued. ' Why did Mrs. Baldwin tell mo my father's name was Maxwell Peri-y ? Why did she showsuch fear vrhen I picked up the letter with Richard 3?arneleigh's signature? Why didn't she 'want me to know the truth ?' From these questions her thoughts wan dered to Ivan and all he had done for her. ' He has brought me here to ' mine own v ^people,' ' she said, ' but the air is full of mystery still. What is it, I wonder ? His ? coming into my life was as wonderful as if he ?were a prince in a fairy tale. I wouldn't be -surprised at anything now.' Just then she saw him striding toward the Louse. She seemed looking at him with new eyes. The joy in her heart puzzled her. Of course she liked him and was glad to see him, Imt the strange, almost painful, nervousness taking possession of her meant something more. She had liked and admired him before. ?[Now came the knowledgo that he attracted 3ier in a more subtle and powerful way. She could love this stranger ! She could gladly ? surrender her heart and the keeping of her lite to him. The thought almost frightened lier. She turned from the window, and there ?was a new constraint in' lier manner as she greeted him. Thoughts not unlike these had been Ivan's companions during his early walk from ' Maryfield.' He would not permit himself to analyze them too deeply. He only knew -fcbat the thought of Madge's eyes as she said ' good-bye' to him the previous night made made him exquisitely happy — the thought that she was to be near him at ' Farneleigh' ?was a glorious fact which helped to make the Tjright morning still brighter. 'Are you prepared for more of my in explicable actions?' ho asked, gayly, as he .took her hand in his. 'Are you ready to trust yourself unreservedly to me ?' Madge laughed. ' What now ?' she said ; ' I almost ex pected to see v°u appear with a huge Spanish cloak thrown across one shoulder and a mask on from which two burning eyes would gleam, to say nothing of a stiletto or two. ^.'his garb of yours is altogether too con ventional for the role you are playing. Tes, it really is. Como, now, and tell mo this : Is Ihoro really any good reason why a girl shouldn't meet her aunt, without all this / uncanny mystery ?' ' Look hero, little Miss,' said Ivan, quizzi cally ; ' are yon managing this drama of reunion, or am I? I see you want to cheat mo 1 outof all the eclat which I demand. There \- ' is, Miss Madge Farneloigh, a very good reason ?why you should not meet your aunt in the usual way, but if ? you'ro going to be saucy aud. mutinous, just let me know.' ' Have it your own way,' laughed .Madge. ' ?*' Now what do you want me to do ?' 1 ' First, I want you to put on your hat and jacket and a thick veil— more mystery, you j»ee. Then yon are to come with me, and, liko the good little girl in the story- book, do exactly as you are bidden.' Madge made a wry face, her lips puckered. She looked so naive and young that Ivan felt a, roal wish to kiss her then and there. 'Please run along now, and hurry,' ho said, checking the wild impulse ; ' we haven't' -much time to spare.' ' It would be so much more interesting if at were night, with a watery, pallid moon streaking everything, and a soughing wind abroad that would give one tho creeps, in stead of a bright autumn morning,' Madgo eaid teasingly, as sho paused on tho threshold l»foro disappearing. 'Why, even I could Jiave improved on the scenic effect of your drama!' ' What will sho say when sho discovers the ?truth?' thought Ivan, smiling at her last -words of mockery. His expression changed ?« Marcia's clow-cut, moonlight beauty roso Jboforo his mind, ' And she,' he murmured, ' the traitress, the impostor — what will she say ? My instinct was right : she is false to the core.' A few minutes later Madge appeared, with her shabby jacket on, and the required thick veil across her face. ' Now, what ?' she asked, expectantly. ' Come with me,' Baid Ivan. Ask no questions — only follow, and don't bo surprised at anything. Give me my way in this. It is my little plot, and I must be humoured. Through the autumn woods he led Madge along paths he felt sure would bo deserted, until at last the ivy covered turrets of an old mansion loomed into view. ' What place is this?' asked Madge. ' It is ' Maryfield,' whore my father and I live,' he said, quietly ; 'I have invited your aunt to luncheon to-day, and there you will meet her for the first time. Dear Miss Abby, how her heart will warm to you !' They went in through a side door and up a staircase used only by servants, along a wide, deserted hall, until a room was reached at the farther end. It was small and bright, a blazing wood fire upon the hearth, the windows, decked in dotted Swiss curtains, looking out on the park. ' I have locked tho door into the hall, so you'll be alone. Now your part is simply to amuse yourself here until I call you,' said Ivan, assisting her in taking off her jacket. ' Hero are lots of books and magazines. It won't be for long, and then — bnt never mind, I'll lot events develop themselves.' He let his eyes rest tenderly upon her lovely face, as sho looked at him with genuine, simple trust. ' She is so dear to me already,' he thought. ' My pretty neighbour ! When I go out,' he said, aloud, ' lock this door. I don't want you to be seen by any chance. Good-bye for a little while: You've been more obedient than I thought.' He left her with an approving nod and went into an adjoining room. She caught sigkt of a table set for luncheon, and the ex quisite daintiness of the silver, fine linen and cut glass, the beauty of the masses of violets, made her eyes sparkle with admiration. Ah, how beautiful life could be with money and the artistic instincts which could fill it with harmony. Madge sank into a deep chair before the fire, and gave herself up to a pleasant reverie. ' I am sure I'll love nhis Aunt Abby, as be describes her. I can fancy her so gentle, with a sweet, kindly humour, despite the loneliness of her life. Oh, I am so hungry to be loved by her — to feel she is all to me, and I am all to her. I will give her the unsatisfied love that has been in my heart for such along time. ' I am so happy — so happy,' she said, and flung out her arms impulsively to the silence. Deep in her heart she knew that Ivan Trent's advent into her life had opened the floodgates to the wealth of love stored there. Pale with expectancy and listening to every sound in the big house, she sat with clasped hands, waiting. Meanwhile Ivan walked up and down on the terrace, watching for Miss Abby and Marcia. The moments seemed like hours, but at last the distent sound of wheels upon the gravelled path told him of their approach. He saw Marcia leaning back, in the victoria, the fairness of her skin accentuated by a gown of dark blue velvet, a hat of tho same .colour shading her eyes. ' So that is ' Maryfield !' ' she was saying, musingly, to Miss Abby, as the old place came into view. ' Tes, and, next to ' FarneleJgh,' it has the reputation of being one of the finest places in the South,' Miss Abby answered. ' The girl will be quite lucky from a mone tary point of view who catches Ivan Trent,' said Marcia, quickly. Her tone jarred upon Miss Abby, and a slight frown appeared on her brow. '' If he were without a dollar in the world, I should call the girl fortnnate whom he married,' she said, with chill reproof. V ' Oh, that's all 'very well,' said Marcia, daringly, ' but a little gilding doesn't harm any one. However, if I should ever be mistress of ' Maryfield,' I'd make a lot of alter ations about the place — give it a newer tone.' 'Don't talk so, my dear,' said Miss Abby gently ; ' I really don't like to hear my neice say such things even in jest. It doesn't seem at all maidenly to me.' ' Frumpy !' thought Marcia to her herself, lapsing into silence. Ivan came forward and opened tho carriage door, assisting them to alight, and Marcia thought she had never seen him look so hand some as he did then, in his morning suit of gray, his fino face marked by an animated expression she had never seen upon it before. ' Welcome to ' Maryfield,' ' he said, cheer ily ; 'I thought you'd never get here.' ' Did it seem so long ?' said Marcia-,' as sho drew off her suede gloves in the hall before tho leaping fire and throwing Ivan a look over her shoulder, which sho meant to be languish ing- . ? . . 'Very — very long,' he answered, but to her chagrin he looked at Miss Abby as. he spoke. He led the way into tho dining-room up stairs, doing the honours with a princely grace very becoming to him. 'I must apologize for father's absence.' he;, said, lightly; 'but his old enemy, the gout, is visiting him again, and' he always begs off from seeing any one whon that is around.' 'That's too bad!'.' said Miss Abby; 'I'll go and see him a moment by and by, if 1 may.' ' Tin sure he'll bo dolighted.' Something in Ivan's manner to her to-day chilled Marcia's intrepid heart. She could not fathom it. There was coldness in his look as it met hers, a studied, formal note in his voice. 'Mr. Trent, I don't bolievo tho business you went to New York on was a bit pleasant,' sho said, with a pout. ' You're not like your self to-day. Come, now, confess; wasn't it very tiresome, and aren't you awfully glad to get back to us-?'. , Ivan looked her full in tho face. 'You are quite wrong,' he said, calmly. ' The business proved successful beyond my wildest imaginings.' ' What was it ? Have you come into an added fortune?' ' No,' said Ivan, looking ruminative and bland. ' But perhaps I have been tho means of bringing fortune to another.' 'You liko tho role of good Samaritan,' sho laughed. 'What man worth tho name doesn't?' asked Ivan, ,quietly. ' It becomes doubly in toresting, though, when tho neody one is a young,' helpless, and very lovely woman; don't you tbiuk bo?' Marcia felt a little uncomfortable. She began to think that such frankness implied a very cool attitude to her charms. She bit her lip and gave him a critical glance. ' Oh, good Samaritanism to win gratitude from a pretty woman is only another name for selfishness, Mr. Trent. I'm afraid I'm a little disappointed in you, after all.' ' Are you ? I'm sorry for that, Miss Baldwin." They were at the window as Ivan spoke this name. 'Won't you be seated?' he asked Miss Abby, ignoring the gazo of Marcia's eyes. ' Luncheon will be ready in a moment.' Marcia had grown grayish white, and, after looking at Ivan like one dazed, shot a sharp glance at Miss Abby. Had she heard ? Yes, evidently she had, and was trying to, recall if she had ever told Ivan tho name by which her niece had formerly been known. ' Miss Farneleigh, will you sit here ? Miss Baldwin — ' ' Ivaa,£ broke from Miss Abby. ' You're absent- minded, my dear boy. Do. you know you've called Madge twice by the name ? ' ' I know,' he said, gravely, his manner perfectly suave ; ' I always like to be correct.' Marcia felt as if she saw a black cloud ap proaching, threatening to overwhelm her sky. His words meant something vitally important — something crushing. Speech was impossible to her, but while a cold, creeping sensation moved under the roots of her hair and fear blanched her face, she managed to utter the ghost of a sarcastic laugh. ' What do you mean, Ivan — what do you mean?' asked Miss Abby, fluttering and looking from the girl beside her to thp man whose very quiet was was portentous. ' I said, my dear Miss Abby, I always like to be correct, and I do. I'm very sorry to trouble you, but I must now properly introduce the young lady besido you— Miss Marcia Baldwin.' CHAPTER XI. DEFEATED. ' That's not my name,' gasped Marcia. ' Aunt, let us go. I don't know why Mr. Trent asked us here to — to make accusations against me.' ' I didn't do that,' said Ivan ; ' I wanted to prepare you, Miss Baldwin, for the presence here of one who will accuse you, one whose name you stole, one you left to snffer while you laughed, one you would have cheated to the end without a qualm of pity. She is here to speak for herself. I only ask Miss Abby to look at her, and she will know the truth without any further telling.' He went to the door and knocked. The soft taps were to Marcia the toll of all her hopes. . Miss Abby was regarding her with a strange mixture of doubt, aversion, and pleading, but Marcia had no heart to try to convince her or say one word in her own defence. She knew that with the opening of the door came defeat for her. There was the sound of the key turning in tho lock, and Madge, with .expectancy in her eyes, stepped into the room. Her expression turned to stupefaction. Marcia was there — Marcia in a gown richly beautiful, but paler than she had ever seen her, standing as a prisoner might stand who awaited sentence. Not far away was a delicate-looking old lady, leaning on a cane and staring at her as if she beheld an apparition. Madge felt Ivan's hand take hers and press it reassuringly, as he drew her forward. ' Miss Abby, this young lady is your niece. This is Madge Farneleigh,' he said. The cane fell from Miss Abby's hand, and, in a pitiful, almost distracted manner, she drew Madge to her, her eyes radiant, though tearful. ? 'Yes — yes — oh, yes! I know you, dear! To look at you is enough !' Madge kissed her shyly, and looked at Marcia. By this time that young lady's natural audacity had come to her aid. During the few moments while Madge was received and they had ignored her she had come to two decisions. She was found out, and no defence, however plausible, could gain her anything. There was but one thing to do. She must get away as gracefully as possible, and she must manage to keep the fine wardrobe of clothes Miss Abby had given her. By- her Bcheme she had at least gained these — a pitiful suc cess when judged by her aspirations, yet better than nothing. 'Who is that girl?' asked Miss Abby of Madge, as she sank into her chair, took Madge's hand in hers and looked sternly at Marcia. 'Who is she, I say?' ' She's Mrs. Baldwin's daughter,' com menced Madge, a little not unlike fear run ning through her as she realized what Marcia had dared,'and how she had failed. 'I can speak for myself, thank you,' Marcia broke in, coftlly, lifting her long gloves from the back of tho chair. 'No, if you please,' said Miss Abby, ' you have said too much even now — too much that was false and contemptible for me to wish to hear more from you. I can guess the whole story. You are really the daughter of the widow Avho brought np my niece, and -you tried to impersonate her. That's it, of course,' she said, turning to Madge. ' That must be it,' Madge replied; 'but I really know nothing. I am all bewildered, I don't know how Mr. Trent found out who I was, for I didn't know myself. I don't know how Marcia Baldwin arranged to como here. I only know she is Marcia Baldwin, whom. I've known all my life, and that I was adopted by her mother.' ' Oh, Ivan — Ivan — what I have to ithank you for !' cried Miss Abby, grasping his hand and looking up at him, her old face puckered by emotion. ' '?? ' I assure you, Miss Abby, ho one is -more happy than I am,'' he said, and his grave, accusing eyes met Marcia's. ' You see you were wrong not to come to mo for details, Miss Farneloigh,' said Marcia, moving toward tho door that led to the: hall ; 'if you'll listen to mo, I can give you | some very interesting ones.' ? - '? j ' You dare tako this attitude, now that you are unmasked ?' said Miss Abby. ' Have you no shame — no conscience?' i 'Very little,' said Marcia, quietly; f you never knew the grind of poverty, did -you ? You nevor know what hardship and hknger meant? You never knew tho meaning of being past hopo ,and not caring whetha1 the night found you dead or alivo. But I have. I suppose I'm not good, naturally, or I'd,havo suffered anything and everything meekly,' she smiled indifferently. 'Well, lam aot a heroine, and conscience took a back seat tvhen I saw a chance of gaining a few of tho illums in the pie of life. I know it was all wrong, but I'm not sorry I did it. I'd do it again.' ' 1 -lmte believe it,' said Miss Abby, ' but your doctrines, let me tell you, are false ones, and rigU will bring moro material gains in the end than wrong. Had you and your mother brought my niece to me and acted like honest Women, I'd have provided for you liberally as long as you both lived. Now what have you gained? Your trick is discovered; there's nothing for you. My heart is hard against you ; I despise you !' ' You doe I didn't know I was going to be found out,' she said, taking a dismal pleasure in defying the stern old woman who heaped her scorn upon her. ' There seemed such a splendid chance. Too bad ! May I ask,' she said, looking at Ivan, ' how you played the good Samaritan so inopportunely for me ? I am naturally a little curious.' _ It was evident from her expression that her bitterest enmity was directed toward him, but the sight of Madge's shabby figure and lovely, grave face made him rejoice inhaving won it. 'Wken Miss Abby told me she had ad vertised for her niece,' he said, ' and showed me the picture of the young lady's mother, I knew I had seen her. . Quito by chance, a few weeks before, I had been able to assist the real Miss Farneleigh from danger in crossing a crowded downtown street in New York. I was sure of this from the fact that in every detail of feature, colouring and expression she was the counterpart of her mother. When Miss Abby told me sho had found her niece, it was this chance acquaintance I felt sure I'd meet. But you came. The more I saw of you, the more convinced I became that you were an im postor. I went to. New York, traced Miss Farneleigh,- learned all about her and dis covered the fraud. I knew you wouldn't care to meet her,' he said, 'but nevertheless I brought her to Malbrook under the chape ronage of my old nurse, Mrs. Betty Orson, who is for the present located at the 'Briery.' That's all.' _ Madge and Miss Abby had been intently listening to these words. ' Oh, my child, my child,' murmured the old lady, gazing rapturously into the girl's happy face. ' Suppose I'd never found you !' 'A very romantic episode,' murmured Marcia ; 'if I were somebody else I'd regard you as quite a hero. Well, I suppose I'm not asked to lunch so I'll go.' 'Wait a moment,' said Miss Abby. ' I have a few words to say, and I trust these will be the last between ns. I want you to know that while you might have successfully usurped my niece's material advantages, you could never have gained her place in my heart. 1 felt sorry I could not like you more. You inspired me with distrust. 1 did not doubt your genuineness as my niece, but I felt you were false, and you often said things which jarred upon me. Be thankful I do not punish you for having appeared in my house under false pretences. Take the clothes your scheme has given you and leave ' Farneleigh' this afternoon. I'll have Avord sent to Mrs. Roche to see to the packing of your things at once and to superintend your departure. I'll remain here until I receive word that you have gone.' Marcia bowed. ' May I have the victoria back to ' Farne leigh?'' 'Yes. But Mr. Trent's man will go also and deliver my instructions to Mrs. Roche.' 'You're afraid I might steal some of the silver, perhaps.' She pushed open the door. Her- lips still wore a strained smile as she let her glance take in the three people she envied with all the strength of her narrow,' jealous nature. ' Good-afternoon. Too bad ! I had so ex pected to enjoy my luncheon,' she said and vanished. Ivan rang ths bell, and Miss Abby gave her directions to his servant. . 'And now,', said Ivan, 'let's forget all the disagreeable' part and have luncheon. I shall permit no mention of Miss Baldwin's name. Bdwardes,' he said, as the butler, who had been kept away, appeared in answer to his ring, 'you can serve luncheon now.' To Madge the time that followed was the happiest she had ever khown. A cloud rested on |them, because the memory of Marcia's defeat was too impressive and too recent to be forgotten, but there was so much to be thankful for ; Miss Abby's happiness was so evident as she plied her niece with tender questions; Ivan's boyish ''i'ety was so con tagious that Madge felt her heart' ex pand in an atmosphere of warmth, sunshine, and love. ' I'll thank that dear old Betty as long as I live,' said Miss Abby when Madge's home less condition on that wet night Ivan had met her for the second time had been des cribed. ' Is she going to stay at the Briery ' ' ' Oh, deal' me, no,' laughed Ivan. ' Old Betty is a true metropolitan, and pines for the pavements of New York. We'll go and have tea with her at ' The Briery' this after noon on the way to ' Farneleigh.' She returns to her cat and her own fireside to-morrow.' (To be continued.) 