A BENDIGO GHOST. A telegram from Bendigo (Vic.) states: T3te proceedings taken by. the young men of the neigh Tjcrbood have probably effectually 'laid' the .BayceHstreet ghost, as on Sunday night the mas Querader was fired at by a party searching lor him, and, leaving his ghostly mantle, escaped over a Tehee and disappeared. Shortly after 8 o'clock some youths, armed with a double- barrelled gun, stationed themselves at the corner of Bayne-street and Stewart-street, and had not been waiting long when piercing screams were heard from the cor ner of the next street. The young men ran to the spot, and found a girl frantic and trembling' with fright. She could only utter, 'The ghost, the rghesti' and swooned away. Turning the cor ner the lads saw a figure in white moving slowly along the footpath, under the shade of the street trees. One of them fired at it, and without a Bound the figure jumped a neighboring fence, and made off into the' garden. The ghostly mantle was dropped in the flight, and when picked np was teund to consist of half a dozen yards of white muslin. As it bore shot /marks it is more than probable that the 'ghost' was struck by some of the pellets, though he gave no sign. The whole neighborhood was aroused in a very short time, but though search was made till midnight nothing more was seen of the author of the scare. Quite a commotion was caused on Tuesday night, when three men captured a man at Lake Wee rcna masquerading in woman's clothes. They fol lowed him from near the hospital to the lake. He carried an iron poker, and, when caught, . stated -that he was looking for the 'ghost.' He gave his name as Eugene Edward Johnstone. The police were informed of the capture, and Johnstone was taken to the watchhouse, and charged with In sulting behavior. Fully a thousand people fol lowed him to the watchhouse.' He is 21 yearsfoM, and was only recently married. New sheep and cattle trucking yards are to 'be built at the West Tamworth Railway Station They are badly required. 