[?] Mysterious Mr. Sabin, (BY E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM.) Author of "Till the Day of Judgment," "A Daughter of Astrea." CHAPTER XXL Wolfenden lost his match upon thfi last hole Nevertheless it wnB a finely contested rame, and when Mr. Sabin proposed a round on the following day, he accepted .riilinut hesitation. He did not like Mr. Sabin any the better— in fact, he was begin ning to acquire a deliberate distrust of him. Something of tlmt fear with which other people regarded him had already communi cated itself to Wolfenden. Without having the shadow of a definite suspicion with re gard to the man or his character, he was in clined to resent that interest in the state of affairs at Deringham Hull which Mr. Sabin had undoubtedly manifested. At the same time the man was Helcne's guardian, and 60 long as he occupied that position Wolf enden was not inclined to give up his ac quaintance. They parted in the pavilion, Wolfendenlin- gering for a few minutes, half hoping that be might receive some sort of invitation to call at Mr. Subin's temporary abode. Perhaps, under the circumstances, it was scarcely possible that any such invitation could be given, although had it been Wolfenden would certainly have accepted it. For he had no idea of at once relinquishing all hope as regards Helene. He was naturally sanguine, and ho was very much in love. There was something mysterious about that other engagement of which he had been told. He had an idea that, but for Mr. Sabin's unexpected appearance, Helene would have offered him a larger share of her confidence. He was content to wait for it. Wolfenden had ridden over from home, and left his horse in the hotel stables. As lie passed the liall a familiar figure, standing in the open doorway, hailed him. He glanc ed quickly up, and stopped short. It was Hareutt who was standing there, in a Nor folk tweed suit and thick boots. "Of all inen in the world!" he ex claimed in blank surprise. "What in the name of all that's wonderful are vou doing here?" Hareutt answered with a certain dogged-' mi, almost as though he resented Wolfen- den's astonishment. "I don't know why you should look at me as though I were a ghost," he said. "If it comes to that, I might ask you_ the same question! What are'you doing here?" Oh! I'm at home," Wolfenden answered, promptly; "I'm down to visit my people ; it's only a mile or two from here to Dering ham Hall." Hareutt dropped his eyeglasses and laugh ed shortly. lou are wonderfully filial all of a sud den," he remarked. "Of course, you had no other reason for coming!" "None at all," Wolfenden answered firm ly. 'I came because I was sent for. It was a complete surprise to me to meet Mr. Sabin bere-at least it would have been if I had not travelled down with his niece. Their coming was simply a stroke of luck for me." . Ha r cult assumed a more amiable expres sion. ,, j1111 £lad to hear it," he said; "I thought that you were stealing a march on jpe, and there really was not any necessity, for our interests do not clash in the least, it was different between you and poor old Densham, but he's given it up of his own accord, and he sailed for India yesterday." m 00r chap!" Wolfenden said softly; to would not tell you, I suppose, even at the last, what it was that he had heard about those people." He would not tell me," Hareutt an- c-red; "but he sent a message to you. He ishccl me to remind you that you had been ff. fop fifteen years, and he was not mini , )ve 3'ou. H was leaving the 1 - P ' . sa'fi> because ho had certain and unite information concerning the girl, ,, 'c 1 ®ade it absolutely hopeless for either or him to think of her. His advice to >«« was to do the same!" all <i "J0" Densham," Wolfenden It m m- "kit- I doubt liis information, stini I.l0m a wman who has been Den- 8 Then, again, what may seem insurmountable obstacle to him may not so to me! Nothing vague in the shape of tammgg will deter me." _ ,e"j ( Hareutt said: ' "I have given you mm '""-n 8 message, and my responsibility fm_(Tn'n8 is ended. As you know, my Now 'r 3'3 No in a different direction, win.',. a fTV' minutes' conversation #uMi»U « llotel rooms are a little too Walk i >'ou in a hurry, or can you twice'" vn drive with me once WnfrJ1 8paro half an hour very well," ho s,a,'4' "hut I should prefer to do down i, C 1va 'e i"st yet. Come and sit it isn't cold." llimli i 0 8ea' looking over the sea. was „ lcad carefully all round. There nor i„i "0,S3'fiifity of their being overheard, "I , 4 vus, there anyono in sight, cult ve'lfin8 fresh instincts," Har- cinantlr' a?.4la croase(l his legs, and lit a I am here, I should like you to understand, purely in a professional ca pacity — and I want your help." «T?Ut/ my dear felIow'." Wolfenden said, 1 don t understand. If, when you say pro fessionally, you mean as a journalist, why, what on earth in this place can there be worth the chronicling? There is scarcely a single person known to society in the neigh borhood." "Mr. Sabin is here!" Hareutt remarked quietly. Wolfenden looked at bun in. surprise. That might have accounted for 3 our pre sence here as a private individual," he said, "but professionally, how on earth can. he in terest you?" "He interests me professionally— very much, indeed," Hareutt answered. Wolfenden was getting puzzled. "Air. Sabin interests you professionally?" ho repeated slowly. "Then you have learnt something. Mr. Sabin has an iden-. tity other than his own 1" "I suspect him to bo," Hareutt said slowly, " a most important and interesting personage. I have learnt a little concern ing him. I am here to learn more; I am convinced that it is worth while." "Havo you learnt anything," Wolfenden asked, "concerning liis niece?" "Absolutely nothing," Hareutt answered, decidedly. "I may as well repeat that my interest is in the man alone. I am not a sentimental person at all. His niece is, per haps, the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life; but it is with no thought of her that I have taken up this investiga tion. Having assured you of that, I want to know if you will help me?" - "You must speak a little more plainly," Wolfonden said; "you are altogether too vague. What help do you waut, and for what purpose?" "Air. Sabin," Hareutt said, "is engaged in great political schemes. He is in constant and anxious communication with the am bassadors of two great powers.' He affects eecrecy in all his movements, and the name by which he is known is, without doubt, an assumed one. This much I have learnt for certain. My own ideas are too. vague yet for me to formulate. I cannot say any more, except that I believe him to be deep in some design which is certainly not for the welfare of this country. It is my assur ance of this which justifies me in exercising a certain espionage upon his movements — which justifies me, also, Wolfenden, in ask ing for your assistance." "My position," Wolfenden remarked, be comes a little difficult. Whoever this man Sabin may be, nothing would induce ma to believe ill of his niece. I could take no part in anything likely to do her harm. - You will understand this better, 'Hareutt;; xylien I tell you that, a few h6Ursiago/-i- asked her to be my wife." ' / >'X "You asked her— what?."/ . . 5 , , ,, , , "To be my wife." V ' I. LiM.i. b ) And she: VotVv "Refused me." . \ Hareutt looked at him lqr.'.i mdmeiiL.ih blank amazement. " YA-- "WI10 refused you— Air. Sabin. or his niece?" "Both." "Did she— did Air. Sabin know your posi tion, did he understand that you are the future Karl of Deringham?" "Without a doubt, Wolfenden answered drily, "in fact, Air. Sabin seems to be pretty well up in my genealogy. He had met my father once, he told me. Hareutt, with the natural selfishness of a man engaged upon his favorite pursuit, Suite forgot to sympathise with his friend. Le thought only of the bearing of this strange happening upon this quest. "This," he remarked, "disposes once and for all of the suggestion thut these people are ordinary adventurers." "If anyone," Wolfenden said, "was ever idiotic enough to entertain the possibility of such a thing; I may add tliut from the first I have had almost to thrust my acquaint ance upon them, especially as far as Air. Sabin is concerned. Ho has never asked me to call upon them here, or in London; and this morning when he found me with his niece lie was quietly but furiously angry" 'Tt is never worth while," Hareutt said, "to reject a possibility until you have tested and proved it. AVhat you say, however, set tles this one. They are not adventurers in any sense of the word. Now will you an swer me a few questions? It may be just as much to your advantage as to mine to go into this matter." Wolfenden nodded. . , . „ "You can rusk the questions, at any rate, he sai'd: "I "will answer them if I can. . "The voting lady— did she refuse you from personal reasons? A man can always tell, you know. Hadn't you the impression from her answer, that it was more the force of cir cumstances than any other object ion to you which prompted her negative? I ve put it bluntlv, but you know wlmt I mean. Wolfenden did not answer for nearly a minute. He "was gaainjg steadily seaward, recalling with a swift effort of his imagina tion every word which had passed between them: ho could even hear her voice, and see her face, with the soft, dark eyes, so close to his. It was a luxury of recollection. "I will admit," ho said quietly, that what vou suggest has already occurred to me. It it had not I should bo much more unhappy than I am at. this moment. To tell you the honest truth, I was not content with her answer, or rattier the manner of it. I should have had some hope of mducmg Iier, to at any rate modify it, but for Mr. Sabin s unexpected appearance. About ium, at least, there wno hesitation; lie said no, and he meant it." . "That is what I imagined, might be the case," Hareutt said, thoughtiully. T. don t want to have you think that I irangtne any disrespect to the young lady, but don t you sea that cither she and Air. Sabm must stand towards one another iu an equivocal position, or else they must be m altogether £ different position to their assumed one, when they dismiss the subject of an alliance with you so peremptorily. Wolfenden flushed up to the temples, and his eyes lit with fire. "You mav dismiss all idea 01 the former possibility, he said, with ominous quiet ness. If you wish me to discuss this mat ter with you further, you will be nnrticu- ariy careful to avoid the faintest allusion to it. "I have never seriously entertained it" Hareutt assented cheerfully. "I, too, be- lieve in the girl. She looks at once too proud and too innocent for any association with 6uch thoughts with her. She has the bear ing and the maimers of a queen. Granted P.I', 4 , aVG dismiss the first possibility."' Absolutely and for ever, Wolfenden said firmly. "I may add that Air. Sabin met me with a distinct reason for his re fusal. Ho informed me his niece was al ready betrothed." '?haLmaY or may nofc 1)0 true," Harentt said. It does not affect the question which we are considering at present. We must come to the conclusion that these are people of considerable importance. That is what I honestly believe. Now, what do you suppose brings Air. Sabin to such an out of the way hole as this?" "The golf very likely," Wolfenden said. He is a magnificent player." Hareutt frowned. . "If I thought so," he said, "I should con sider my journey here a wasted one. But I can t. He is in the midst of delicate and important negotiations, I know as much as that. He would not come down here at such a time to play golf. It is an absurd idea." "I really don't see how else you can ex plain it," Wolfenden remarked; "the great est men have had their liohbies, you know. I need not remind you of Nero's fiddle, or Drake s bowls." "Quite unnecessary," Hareutt declared briskly. "Frankly, I don't believe in Air. cabin 3 golf. There is somebody or some thing down here connected with his schemes; the golf is a subterfuge. He plays it well because be does everything well." "It will tax your ingenuity," Wolfenden said, "to connect his visit here with any thing in the shape of political schemes." "Aly ingenuity accepts the task, at any rate," Hareutt said. "I am going to find out all about it, and you must help me. It will be for both our interests." "I am afraid," Wolfenden answered, "that you are on a wild goose chase. Still I am quite willing to help you if I can." "Well, to begin then," Hareutt said, "you have beejywitk liiin some time to-day. Did he nsk you any questions about the iocality? Did he show any curiosity in any of the resi dents?" Wolfenden shook his head. "Absolutely none," he answered. "The only conversation we had, in which lie showed any interest at all, was concerning my own people. By the bye, that reminds me. I told him of an incident which occur red at Deringham Hall last night, and he tvas certainly interested ond curious. I chanced to look at liim at an unexpected moment, and his appearance astonished mo. I have never seen him look so keen about anything before." "Will you tell me the incident at onee, please," Hareutt begged eagerly: "it may contain the very clue for which I am hunt ing. Anything wliieh interests Air. Sabin interests me." "There is no secrecy about the matter," Wolfenden said. "I will tell you all about it. You may, perhaps, have heard that my father has been in very poor health ever since the great Solent disaster. It unfor tunately affected liis brain to a certain ex tent, and he has been the victim of delusions ever since. The most serious of these is that he lias been commissioned by the Go vernment to prepare upon! a gigantic scale ajffan and description of our coast defences and navy. He has a secretary and typist, and Vorks ten hours a day; but from their report, and my own observations, I am afraid the only result is an absolutely unin telligible chaos. Still, of course, we have to take hiin seriously, and be thankful that itrwas no worse. Now the incident which T told Air. Sabin was this: Last night a man called and introduced himself as Dp. Wil- mot, the great mind specialist. _ He repre sented that he had been staying the neigh borhood, and was on friendly terms with the local medico here, Dr. Wliillett. Aly father's case had been mentioned between them, and he hud-become much interested in it. He had a theory of his own for the investigation of sncli cases, which consisted, briefly, of a careful scrutiny of any work done by the patient. He brought a letter from Dr. Wlntlett, and said that if he would procure 'him a sight of my fathers most recent manuscripts he would give us an opin ion on the case. We never had the shgnt- est suspicion as to the truth of his state ments, and I took hiin -with me to the Ad miral's study. However, while we were there, and he wa3 rattling through the- manuscripts, .up comes Dr. \\\ hitlett, the local man, in hot liaste. .The letter was a forgery, and the man an impostor, lie es caped through the window, and got clean awav. That is the story, just as I told it to Air. Sabin. What do you make of it? Hurcult stood up and laid his hand upon the other's shoulder. 'Well, I've got my clue, that s all, he de clared; "the thing's as plain as sunlight. Wolfenden rose nlso to liis feet. "I must be a. fool, " he said; for I cer tainly can't see it." . - ' Hareutt lowered his tone. "Look here, Wolfenden," he said, I have no doubt that you are right, and that your father's work is of 110 value, hut you may be very sure of one thing, Air. Sabin does not think so." A , ' , "I don't see what Mr. has got to do with it," Wolfenden said. .. Hareutt laughed. ' "Well, I will tell j-ou one .thing, lie said, "it is the contents of your fathers study which has brought Air. Sabin to Dering ham." CHAPTER XXII- A woman stood in the midst of a Bait wil derness, gazing seaward. Around her was a long stretch of wet sand, and of seaweed- sliuned rucks, rising from utile vyuis ot water left by the tide; and beyond, the flat, marshv country was broken only by that lino of low cliffs from which the little tufts of grass sprouted feebly. The waves, which rolled abnost to her feet, were. barely rip- ules. breaking with scarcely a visible effort upon tlie moist sand. Above, the sky was erev and threatening; only a few minutes before, a cloud of white mist had dvntetd in from the sea, and settled soitiy upon the land in the form of rain. The. whole outlook was typical of intense desolation. Hie only sound breaking the silence, almost curiously dovoid of all physical and animal noises, was the soft washing of the sand at her fret, and every now and then the jingling of silver harness, as the horses of her carriage, drawn un 011 tlie road above, tossed their heads and fidgeted. The carriage itself seemed grossly out of place. The coachman, with powdered hair and the dark blue Deringham Every, sat perfectly motionless, his head bent a little forward, and his eyes fixed upon his horses, ears. Tho footman by their sido stood with folded amis, and expression as wooden as though he were waiting upon a Bond-street pavement. Both were weary, and both would have liked to vary the monotony by a little conversation; but only a few yards away the woman was standing whose curi ous taste had led her to visit such a spot. . Her arms were hanging listlessly by her side, her whole expression, although her face was upturned towards the sky, was one of intense dejection. Something about her attitude, bespoke a keen and intimate sympathy with the desolation of her sur roundings. The wonmn was unhappy; tlie light in her dark eves was inimitably sad. Her cheeks were pale, and a little wan. let Lady Deringham was very handsome, as handsome as a woman approaching middle age could hope to ho. Her figure was still slim and elegant, the streaks of grey in her raven black hair were few and far between. Qhe might have lived hand in hand with sorrow, but it had done very little to age her. Only a few years ago, in the crowded ball room of a palace, a Prince had de clared her to he the handsomest woman of her age, and the Prince had tho reputation of knowing. It was easy to believe it. How long the woman might have lingered there, it is hard to say, for evidently the spot possessed, a peculiar fascination for her. and she had given herself up to a rare fit of abstraction. But some sound— was it the low wailing of that seagull, or the more distant cry of a hawk, motionless in mid air, and scarcely visible against the cloudy sky, which caused her to turn her head inland? And then she saw that the solitude was no longer unbroken. A dark object had rounded the sandy little headland, and was coming steadily towards her. She looked at it With a momentary interest, her skirt raised tn her hand, already a few steps back on her return to the waiting carriage. Was it a man i It was something human at any rate, although its progression was slow and ungraceful, hut marked with a peculiar but uniform action. She stood perfectly still, a motionless figure against tbd background of JTan, cloud-shadowed sea and gathering twi- light, her eyes rivettcd upon this strange thing, her lips slightly parted, licr cheeks as pale as death. Gradually it came nearer and nearer. The skirt dropped from her nervc- less fingers, her . eyes, a moment before dull" with an infinite and pitiful emptiiiess, were lit now with a new light, fche was not alone, nor was she unprotected, yet the woman was suffering from a spasm of terror — one could scarcely imagine any sight re volting enough to call up that expression of acute and trembling fear which had sud denly transformed her appearance. It was as though the level sands had yielded up their dead; the shipwrecked mariners of gonera- tiotiSj and they all, with white, sad faces and wailing voices, were closing in around her. let it was hard to acount for a terror so abject. There was certainly nothing in the figure, now close at hand, which seemed capable ot inspiring it. It was a man with a club foot— nothing more n»r less. In fact, it was Air. SabinT 1 here was nothing about his appearance, save that ungainly movement caused by his deformity, in any ,way singular or threaten ing. He came steadily nearer, and the wo man who awaited him trembled. Perhaps his expression was a trifle sardonic, owing chiefly to tlie extreme pallor of«his skin, and the black flannel clothes, with invisible stripe, wliieh he had been wearing for golf. Yet when he lifted his soft felt hat from his head, and bowed with an ease and effect palpably acquired in other countries, liis ap pearance was far from unpleasant. He stood there bareheaded in the twilight, a strange ly, winning smile upon his dark face, and hi3 head courteously bent. "The most delightful of unexpected meet ings," he. murmured: "I am afraid that I have come upon you Eke an apparition, dear Lady Deringham! I must have startled you! Yes, I can see by your face that I aid; I am so sorry. Doubtless you did not know until yesterday that I was in Eng land." Lady Deringham was slowly recovering herself. She was white still, though, even to the lips, aud there was a strange sick pain at licr heart. Yet she answered him with something of her usual dcliberateness, con scious, perhaps, that her sen-ants, although their heads were studiously averted, had j-et witnessed with surprise this unexpected meeting. "You certainly startled mc," she said; "I had imagined that this was the most desolate part of all unfrequented spots! It is here 1 come when I want to feel abso lutely alone! I did not dream of meeting 'another fellow creature here — last of all people in the world, perhaps, you!" "I," he answered, smiling gentlj-, "was perhaps the better prepared. A -few minutes ago, from the cliffs yonder, I saw your car riage drawn up here, and I saw you alight. I wanted to speak with you, so I lost 110 time in scrambling down on to tbe sands. You have changed marvellously little, Lady Deringham!" "And you," she said, "only in name! You are the Air. Sabin with whom my son was playing. golf yesterday morning?" "I am Mr. Sabin, he answered. "Your son did me a . good service a week or two back. Ho is a very fine young fellow;' I congratulate you." "And your niece." Lady Deringham asked; "Who is she? My son spoke to me of her last night." Mr. Sabin smiled faintly. "All! madame," he said, "there have been so many people lately who haye been asking me that ques tion! Yet to you, as to them, I must return the same answer. : She is my niece!" "You call her?" "She shares my name, at present." "Is she your daughter?" He shook his head sadly. "I have never been married," he said with an indefinable mournfulness in his flexible tones. "I have lmd neither wife, nor child nor friend. It is well for rac that I have not!" . ' She looked down at lus deformity, and, woman-like, she shivered. "It is 110 better then?" she murmured, with eyes turned to seaward. "It is absolutely incurable, he declared. She changed the Bubject abruptly. "The last I heard of you," she said, "was that you were in China. You were plan ning great things there. In ten years, I was told, Europe was to be at your mercy. "I left Pekin five j-oars ago," he said. "China is a land of cabalB. She may yet be tlie greatest country in _ the world. I, for one, believe in her destiny, but it will be in the generations to come. I have no patience to labor for another to reap the harvest. Then, too, a craving for just one draught of civilisation brought me west ward again. MongoEan habits are interest ing, but a little trying." . And what, she asked, Hooking at liim steadily, "has brought you to Deringham, of all places upon this earth?" He smiled, and with his stick traced a quaint pattern in the sand. "I have never told you anything that was not the truth." he said. "I will not begin now. I might have told you that I was here by chance, for change of air. or for the golf. Neither of these things would have been true. I am here because Deringham village is only a mile or two from Dering ham Hall." 0 She drew a little closer to him. The jing ling of harness as her horses tossed their heads imputiently reminded her of the clos« proximity of the servants. "What do you want of me," she asked, hoarsely. He looked at licr in mild reproach, a good humored smile at the corner of his lips; yet after all was it good humor or some curious outward reflection of tho working of his secret thoughts? When he spoke, the re proach at any rate was manifest. "Want of you! You talk as though I' were' a blackmailer, or something equally ob noxious. Is that quite fair, Constance':" She evaded the reproach; parhapB she was not conscious of it. It was the truth she wanted. "You had some end in coming here," sh'ei persisted; "what is it?. I cannot conceive' anything in the world you have to gain by; coming to see me! We have left the world and society, we Eve buried. Whatever fresn schemes you may be planning, there ia no way in which we coula help you. You are rAv'er» stronger, more powerful than aV"l- I,0?" think," she added, "of only onq thing which may have brought you!" 'And that?" lie asked deliberately, feke looked at him with a certain tremu- lous wistfuliiess in her eyes, and with soften- mg lace. "It may be," she said, "that as you grow, older you have grown kinder; you may have thought of my great desire, and you were always generous, Victor, j-ou may have come , to grant it!" . . ; The slightest possible change passed over his face, as his Christian name slipped from her lips, u he firm lines about his mouth certainly relaxed, - his dark ej-es gleamed for a moment kindlier fight. Perhaps at that minute for. both of them came a sudden lifting of the curtain, a lingering backward glance into the world of their youth', passiouate, heau- t'ful, seductive. There were memories there which still seemed set to music, memories which pierced even the armor of his equan- umly- Her eyes filled with tears as she looked at him. . With a quick gesture she laid hep hand upon his. "Believe me, Victor," she said; 'T have always, thought of you kindly; you have suffered terribly for my sake, and your silouce was magnificent. I have never for gotten it." His face clouded over. Her impulsive words had been after all ill chosen; she had touched a sore iioiut. There was something in those memories distasteful to hiin. They recalled the one time in lus life when he had been worsted by another man. His cynicism returned. "I am afraid," he said, "that the years, which have made so little change in your ap pearance, have made you a sentimentalist. 1 can assure you that these old memories seldom trouble me." Then with a lightning-like . intuition, al most akin to inspiration, he saw that he had made a mistake. His best hold upon the woman had been through that mixture of sentiment and pity, which something in their conversation had reawakened in ' .' her. He was destroying it ruthlessly, and or his own accord. W hat, folly! "Bali! I am lying," he said softly; '"why should I? Between you and me, Constance, there should he nothing hut truth. AVe, at least, should be sincere, one to the other! You were right, I have. brought you some- , thing wliieh should have been yours long ago." She looked at liim with wondering eyes. 1 "You are going to give me the letters?" "I am going to give them to you," he said. "With the destruction of Litis little packef, falls away the last link which held us to gether." Ho had taken a little bundle of letters, tied with a faded ribbon, from his pocket,; and hold them out to her. Even in that salt . odorous air, the perfume of strange sceuts seemed to creep out from those closely written sheets, as they fluttered in the breeze. Lady Deringham clasped the packet with both hands, and her eyes were very, light and very soft. "It is not so, Victor," she murmured. "There is a new, and a stronger link be tween us now, the link of everlasting grati tude. Ah! you were always generous, al ways quixotic! Some day I felt sure thqt you would do this." "When I left Europe,'.' lie said; ''you would havo hud them, but there was no trusted messenger whom I could spare.. Yet if I had never returned, they were so be stowed that they would have come into your hands with perfect safety. Even now, Con- : stance, trill you thiuk me very weak, when 1 say that J. part with them with- regret. They have been with me through many dan gers" aud many strange happenings." - "You are," she whisperear "the old Vic tor- ago in! Thank God that I have had this 0110 glimpse of you. I am ashamed to think": " how terrified I have been of you." She held out her hand impulsively. .He took it in his. and, with a glance at her ser vants, let it fall almost immediately. .'a- "Constance," he said; "I am going away, now. I have accomplished wbnt 1 came for. But first would you care to do mc a small service? It is only a trifle." - A thrill of the old mistrustful fear shook her heart. Half ashamed of herself she stifled it at once, and strove to answer him calmly.'. "If there is anything within 'my. power wliieh I can do for you, Victor," she said,' "it will make me very happy. Yon would not : ask me I know, unless — unless." ; ; "You need not fear," he intei-ruptcd calm ly; "It is a very little thing. Do you think that -Lord Deringham would know, me again after so many years?" , "Aly husband?" "Yes!" She looked at liim in something like amazement. Before Rhe could ask the ques tion which was framing itself upon her lips, however, they were both aware of a distant : . sound, rapidly drawing nearer — the thunder of a horse's hoof upon the soft sand. Look ing up they both recognised the rider at the same instant. "It is yonr son," Air. Sabin said quickly, "you need not mind! Leave me to explain. Toll me when I can find you at home alone?" "I am nlways alone," she answered. "But' come to-morrow." (To be Continued.) 