WOMAN'S PERILS. ' (At.r. RIOHTS Bbshrved. fiM. $ CANNOT credit the terrible truth ! Itsesms like a wild F drenm." With ' .clasped hands and tear-dimmed | eyes, a young ' V 'girl ejaculated »»" these words, as the stood gazing with a sad und sorrowful look at a flickering fire, the wavering flames hf whioh itiirew out strange weird shadows upon the walls of a largo and handsomely- v furnished room. It was a richly-appointed 'apartment ;. flowers not only decorated the vases, butlhung in gay festoons around the Walls. Rwe and beautiful exotics they woro mostPy. greenhouse blossoms relieved ' by the dark evergreens with which they Were entwined, for it is a night in January, n wild- night of frost and snow, aud the Bowers of snmaier have long since faded : and gone. Very fair ond beautiful was that one! girl, standing, there like a spirit of the night by tho glowing embers of the fire light. A robe of white gauze, falling in transparent folds over a rich under-dress of latin, gavo a gossamer grace to hor figure which airy dinpmry alone can impart. A' wreath of white roses was bound uround hor brow, confining tbe golden tresses which fell, unshorn und untutored, even to her | waist. What a contrast iter gala dress aud mournful attitude presonted. That floral garland— and . those sad, dark, heavenly blue eyes all swimming in tears. Wistfully the young creature looked at a rich oimolu clock on the mantelshelf, the continuous ticking of which sounded mournful in the solitude. Lost in her sad j reverie, the beautiful and lonely girl heard not tho opening of tho door behind hor — I that door that opened so slowly und gently it seemed as though it were turning on in- 1 visible hinges ; and then, as the clock ticked in its monotonous, unceasing regu- . luritv, a young man appeared there upon the threshold of the chamber, his 'dark eyes ' glaring with a fixed stare at the unconscious . girl before him. "Ella." at length exclaimed tho intruder I in a low hushed voice, the tones causing ' tho young muid to start as if with electric Cte. | Oli, Paul, Paul, is it you ? " she cried ; arid the next moment, regardless of the rosea she was orusliing, the beautiful gauze folds she was disordering, she was weeping on hie shoulder, half enveloped in tho folds of his dark heavy travelling cloak, for the young man was habited for a journey. " How pale you are, Paul," said the fair girl, as she led her williug visitor to the fire. " And how beautiful you are, dear Ella, to-night; and how like a fairy queen in your, gossummer attire;" and then, .his voice ringing with a bitter mocking, he added: " And they have dressed you thus so that you might appear still more attrac tive in the eyes of the villain and roue, Slainforth ! " Yes, dear Paul, far, though 'tis my natal day, 1 did not wish lobe dressed for my birthday ball— aware that you were to be driven forth ; but our cruel uncle was inexorable, and I was obliged to submit. He would huve it so." Tbe young girl here, Iter fine eves Sashing, plucking tho wreath of roses from the meshes of her wavy golden ' liair, oast them ut her feet. "My banishment is hard to bear, Ella, when I remember, too, that it has been brought about by tbe scoundrel, Fred Stainforth." \- " And to that man my uncle has pro mised my hand I But I will nover become his bride, dear Paul. Far better death in the lake than a union with Captain Stain- forth." There was a fierce, wild light in the blun eyes of the poor girl, as, clinging ebudder- ingly to the stalwart youth beside hor, she ' moaned in- tho extremity of ber despair. " Why talk of death, dear Ella ? Why \- not fly with me this night — this hour ? " Any reply she might have mode to her lover was now frozen on the lips of tho un- hnpi y girl by a loud mocking laugh that eonoed through tlio chamber, at the half- open door of which stood a tall, handsome . man of middle uge, whose eyes, like those of a hawk, glistened and flushed as he gazed upon the young couple before him. The part, of eavesdropper well becomes you, fJuptam Stainforth, .but I defy you now as 1 did a week ago, and here, before my cousin Ella, stigmatise you as q scoundrel . , and a coward." "Your words of rape and scorn have little weight with mo, Paul Lomax ; I . Bhould be indeed, a fool were .1 to note the ravings and insults of a beggar and an out cast .- and for you,'- Miss Ella, I would advise instant retirement to your chamber ' whilst I conduct your ' cousin out of ths .house." ' ' . . Vouchsafing no reply to this inBolent . speech, the lo 'or, snatching a kiss from the lips of his .weeping cousin, with a haughty . defiant stare ut the sardonic looking cup- talri, strode from the apartment ; the poor girl, with duzud, wild, distrait expression '.- upon her features, gliding past the trium- phant Stainforth : her: white, stlverv-look- ing robes flu I hiring liko the wings of a . snowy bird as she dhapponred from tho .cltnmbor, loaving the cause of her grief and despair alone. . ' HiiU-un-hour after this incident, wrapped ' .(in the voluminous folds of an Inverness capo, the successful claimant for the hund of the lovely Ella Thornton, stealing . : cautiously from Ellersley Grange, and pass ing " unperceived through the ledge gates, ' made Ins way along an avenue of pine and, . . from thonce branching off through tho : wooded precints of the old manor house, . erimu to a nalt as ho gained , a little rustic ;. budge that extended across small lake, now a glistening mass of steely-blue ice. . / Tlio moon; shining brightly, cast a . luminous glare upon park and woudlund, . . its rays throwing in a lengthened shad- w >:. upon the ice, the tall muffled form of a \- female standing, in the centre of tbe rustic bridge, and who at the appearance of the \- man, with a little laugh, hurried forward \- to meet htm, , " Busta. It ie well you've come, Capi-' tnine, for thou art my rom (husband) whilstj buinu ! I am your romi (wife)." r Another mooking insolent laugh here .// /escaped ., the month pf the stranger, who, \- -/throwing uside hsr veil, revealed the drirk, '/ fisndeome features: and glistening orbo of a . Biscit!(wi; b.batriri looldug woman, bub with a dntth of tho tiger or bite leopard in her lurge black eyos. ' ; .There was an audible curse, from the- mouth of the man of Mars, who presently;' in a harsh grating voice, exclaimed : ' ' " I have met you here at your desire," Catnlina, but, have a.caie! ; I have hither- to rrmitted to you the stipulated sum we agreed upon when we parted three years ago at Paris.- Why then, .have ; you' now in silted upon this interview? and here, too, near llie liouse of old General Stocey.'', "Because you ure about to marry the old'' fellow's nieco, end, because I, your romi (wife) want money."' ' " You'received your quarterly allowance only last, week," said the Captain in a thick guttural voice, rendered hoarse with sup- pieesed rage. ' " Fer Bacco I And suppose I did, Capi- tainc, what then ? I require cash, urgently require it ; and who should a woman call upon for moitey when she wants it ii not up on her husband ? " "And .if 1 rota so this fresh supply;" ;; 1 " I shall prevent you ft'otn committirig a crime, dear Frederick, that's all." "There was hero 'another little ripple of lam; liter I from the rubv lips of the Juno-like beauty " You will provent mo cbmmitlitjg a ' crime," reiteiatcd the enrnctd man as ho glared viciously, first at, his companion jind : then round tlio lonely arid sileut place of i their meeting. " Beuno I lligamy, dear Fred, is a crime, is it not ? " " How much monoy do yoa want ? " i ejaculated I lie enraged Stainfortli,paying no , lieed to t tie female's lust sneering tiuory. " Carantba ! I thought wo should come to terms ; und as you did -love me once, Capitaino, I'll not- be hard upon you. Let mo havo a thousand pounds to-raoi row, and , five thousand more the day you marry tliat little blonde (the old fire-eater, General Sfacoy's niece), and I'll trouble you no more." . " And if 1 am unable to find this largo . sum ? " " Yea. must find it., Capitaine." " Or else ? " "You'll lose the little blonde and hor fortune. Bali ! I've been too considerate, too moderate. I've not a-ked half enough." "You'vo asked more than you'll get from me, you gipsy judiy'' said the Captain, fairly now beside himself with rage. , " Oli ! Carajo ! That's it, is it ? Beuno! you defy me. Gipsy, am-I ? Well, I am gi;<sy enough to tell you your fortune, Cap tain Frederick Lascelles Stainforth. If you are not vorv soon bunged you will dio in prison. I have got those Forged bills of De Castro, and I huve but to say the word when the law will bo on your track. Per Bacco ! what do you say to vhut ? " Thero was no reply given to this speech ; a wild, shrill scream presently, however, echoing .in the frosty air, accompanied by tho splintering crash of brokan ice as a human form hurled ovoi tho bridge, with a I horrid, harsh, grating noise, sauk into the frozen walors of bite lake. Wildly the wintry wind howled through tho wood of Ellersley G rat- go, as, branded with the mark of Cain, Captain Sbainfe(th like a hunted hare, dashed through the copse after leaving the frozen waters into which he had so romorselcsly thrown his unhappy victim. The moon, hidden now by the masses of cload, all was dur!:, grim, and dtear ; featiiety flakes of snow presently falling around tho assassin as ho sped wildly on in rage and terror, having lost the path. Tito leafless trees, like giant spectres stretched out. their broad blanches gaunt and weird, or, waving in the blast, seemed beckoning to that crouched bent form as it hurried on lika a'vile and evil spirit of the night. Tearing and plunging recklessly on, tho man of evil passions, as ho became more involved ip the deep recesses of tlte woods, grow dismayed and appalled. A paroxysm of supernatural horror uow seized upon him as he entered a glade or avenue lined with trees, thick furs, "and undergrowth. Total darkness, deep, black, and dense, now enveloped the murderer ; the . trunks of tho trees now und again looming out as a break ocuurred in the snow-laden hrnnobes above, that-, interweaving, formed a kind of frame on which tbo descending snow rested like an awning. The ghastly cry of the owl, " tu-whit-tu- who," followed by the renewod shrieking of the wind, at length oaused the assassin to come to a hull. Punting and exhausted from his mad flight, he new, resting against the trunk of a pollard oak, glared round half demented by foar, rage, arid horror for, the darkness now leas opaque, bo fanoied that in tho gloom ho perceived a shadowy form hovering among tho brush wood, and elorely following in his wake. With a groan and a deep-breathed impre cation at this suspioion that a something was traoking his footsteps, ho , ouco moro dashed wildly on, only somo four boom after that meeting with his luckless victim by the lake, gaining and entering, unseeri, the ball of Ellersley, , It was at a late hour of tlte morirngon tho succeeding day that, pale, haggard, rind ill be presented ' himseM- to the General's nieee as she was tutting disconsolate and alone kt the library, Received with a chilling haul our arid foar combined, Captain Stainforth, affecting not to perc-oWe the coldness of his reception, exclaimed : " I have just loft yoor uncle. Miss Ella ; he is far from well, and has a strange faney that our nuptials should take place without . deluy, suggesting a special license for the porpose." There was, a half -defiant, exultanttone in the voice of the claimant for ber hund that reused a rebel spirit in the besom of the young girl, wbe, with elenebed bands and face of marble, starting np and pointing to the whirling snow, that in foutaslfo eddies flew by the casement without, ex claimed : " By some dread means you have gained an ascendency over my uncle, and have moulded him to your wishes ; lie, so fierce and determined, gives way ' to you in all things. By some fell agency you havo be come his master. You won upon him to turn my hapless cousin Paul from the reof that has sheltered him from boyhood ; yon have now extorted from him a consent to- our instant union But know, Captain Stainforth. I would sooner this hour prefer the alternative of a winding sheet of snow than become your wife." ' . ' V A dark evil look got-hered over the foaturee of the rejected suitor, and, in a harsh, grating voice, ho exoloimcd : " You have defiod me ! You would pre fer death rather than become' my bride ! Well, wo sliull sec, Etlu Thornton. Per- liage, mad gtri, yaumay alter your decu; .'/a.-:. :/.' : ion a month hence ; there are various ways of - taming ' a spirit-such as yours. I leave you now. ;;.Mrs Harper, youf uncle'a'.most trusted servant, will conduct yoa presently to'yoiir chamber.arid whilst iri yorir present obstinate and defiant mood you will'not be, allowed to leave the house." With a sardonic smile, the man of evil passions was turning to quit tlio room, .when. ho startod, buck with,a;ory of fury. - ' "A word wii h you, Uapl'uin StainforLh !" " Pun Lomax, . beggar and outcast I what 'means "this return to your uncle's home ? I m master here now. and if you do not instantly 'get -lierice, you ehall.be: hunted oft by the hounds." " Not'so fast, Captain Frederick Stain forth ; I em not alone." ; : "';Not alone ? " -/ In . .a husky kind of whisper, these words were reiterated by the captain, asstandirigin tho corridor without, ho caught sight of anothor figure, 'that,, tall and erocti, and shrouded in a black mantle, was stationed behind the smiling- and defiaqt Paul. . . / . . . .. " I. nm ..not alono, Captain. / I have a. Iudy w th mo." / . " A lady ! " a livid pallor now stole ovor the face of tlio 'startled villain, who, as that shroudrd form glided into the library, stop by step drew back until, gaining tho casement; his further steps wero arrested; " Yoii' don't' ibok' wall, Capitaine. Per bncco ! You grize upon your poor wife. as though you took her for a ghost." "Catalina hGod of Heaven- 1 Cqtalina ! " gasped the wretched man, who now in wild Itotror, throwing up ilia arms, with a shriek ef maniac fury; burled himself through the casement. Thai e was a crash of splintered wood and broken glass; and. then, upon the affrighted group , glancing without, trioy. ! brhold tho body of tlio suicide a huddled-up heap upon tbe'stono court-yurd below. Upon descending into tiie grounds, tho wretcbed-Stainforih was found to be quite dead ; besides other injuries his heck buing biokon. . Cutaliua, Iris wife, rescued from the frozen lake tite night before by Paul, remained for many months ut til's Grunge, assisting at , the marriage of Paul I.omax witii hie loved cousin, Ella. The old man, their uncle, by every means in hie power striving to make up for his harshness in the past, when his iovelv niece was persecuted and suffering u Woman's Pet ile. . 