MOUNT KOSCIUSKO OBSERVATORY. WINTER LIFE ON AUSTRALIA'S TOPMOST PINNACLE. STRIKING PHENOMENA. A member of the Mount Kosciusko Obseratory staff writes us as follows:— The winter is now fairly well advanced. Kosciusko, which donned his whiter robe nearly two months ago, is now covered en tirely with snow many feet deep. The Observatory hut is snowed up, our only means of exit and entrance being by an ex cavation, with steps up to the surface of the snow, and we have a tunnel leading to the wood heap. For miles around everything is garbed in white: Townsend, Twynam, The Perisher, Rams Head, and all the other lofty heights in the vicinity are snow- decked from top to bottom. Yet on Ram's Head, which is very rugged, the tops of a few immense granite boulders become visible when the sun melts the snow on their tops, and even then thev are nothing like bare, but ornamented with a brilliant coating of icicles. On the summit of Kosciusko the chimney of the hut, the cairn, the flagpole, and Arctic tent, of which only the very top pro- jects above the snow, are covered with most beautiful fog crystals, which sparkle in the radiance of the sun with a bluish or thetis- green lustre. In the valleys especially does the snow attain a great depth, for thither it 1s blown by the winds from the adjacent heights. Lake Cootapatamba, at the foot of Mount Kosciusko, is covered with a layer of ice many feet in thickness, which formed early in May. Since that time, however, snow to the depth of 20ft. or 30ft. has drifted over the southern precipice of Kosciusko on to the lake, of which at pre- sent there is not the slightest trace. Large drifts overhang Cootapatamba from the top of the precipace, in some places blue and green caves being formed. The valley be- tween Kosciusko and Townsend is one vast plain of snow, in whose midst may be seen a winding dark streak, which represents the meandering course of the River Ingleby. The upper Snowy is in most places com pletely arched over with snow. The view from Kosciusko is grand, although not so sublime as that from Mount Townsend. The whole district is speckled with glitters as therays of the sun are reflected from the white covering of the ground. But not so very many miles away may be seen mountains, with only isolated patches of snow, and covered with trees. Those of Victoria (seen to our west) are the most picturesque, consisting, as they do, of many wild, forest clad, parrallel ranges, separated from one another by dark ravines and deep chasms, presenting a marvellous contrast to the majestic but treeless and snow-decked heights of the Kosciusko group. But more often the Victorian ranges (which, it must be remembered, are a couple of thousand feet lower than Kosciusko) are obscured by a rolling set of cloud, which, grey in the morning, gain a silvery lustre as the sun rises in tthe sky, and assume a gorgeous golden hue is the orb descends beneath the western horizon. In places a rocky crest will jut out from amongst the cloud tops like a little isle from in angry sea. This ocean is terminated on the west by a range of very high snow-clad mountains, of which I do not know the name, but they are of unsurpassed splendour. In the morning white and glittering, in the evening of a roseate hue; at night in the pale moonlight, they resembe a scene from fairyland. The small snow-strips in those wooded uplands beneath us to the west take most fantastic, ghost like shapes in the languid light of the crescent moon, and the granite boulders which can be seen on the distant hills have the aspect of a heap of ruins, as they in reality are. To use the words of Scotland's great minstrel bard— "Huge as the tower which builders vain Presumptuous piled on Shinar's plain, The rocky summits split and rent Formed turret, dome, and battlement, Or seemed fantastically set, With cupola or minaret; Crests wild as pagod ever decked, Or mosque of Eastern architect." I must not forget to mention the optical phenomena of this place. One of the most peculiar is that termed "anthelia," or glories of light. A few days ago about sunset, as Messrs. Newth and Ingleby were standing outside the hut, they saw in the fog which was hanging in the valley to the south two immense figures, images of them selves, cast on the fog, the head of each sur rounded by many-coloured, luminous ring. This phenomenon lasted nearly half an hour, and the figures disappeared as the sun sank beneath the horizon. The distortion of the sun's disc, owing to the refraction of the atmosphere, is another most curious sight which often may be seen here. That luminary often assumes the most peculiar shapes-for example those of an egg, a square, a common table lamp, or he may even divide into two orbs, the one above the other. Other phenomena of which Kosci usko can boast as of frequent occurrence are crepuscular rays, the zodiacal light, lunar and solar halos, and coronal of remarkable beauty, fog bows, and lunar rainbows, which, however, are devoid of the rainbow colours. The earth's shadow and dark, mountain-like mirages often appear in the east at the close of a fine day, about half an hour before sunset. Space does not allow me to dilate upon the varied and beauteous cloud forms. The splendour of the evening sky and the brightness of the stars can hardly be imagined by a person who has not been here. As Paterson emphatically says, the stars "fairly blaze." The eclipse of the moon on July 4 was not very good here, owing to the cirrus cloud, which partly hid it behind a thin veil. The temperatures have not been so cold as expected. The mean for May was about 27.2deg., that for June 26.4deg. In this latter month the highest temperature reached was 37deg., and occurred on a day on which rain fell heavily. On no other day of the month did the temperature ex- ceeed 32deg. It was generally constant a little on this side or that of 26deg. It has been what the meteorologist calls "Cloud Fog and 10" nearly two days out of every three during the last three months. Our coldest day was the Queen's Birthday, on which the temperature of the "dining" room fell to 11deg. at 11 p.m. Our radia- tion temperatures have been much lower, often falling many degrees below zero. It is a most unpleasant task to take obser vations in bad weather, especially at night time, but it has to be done, in spite of the sleet and biting wind. All we can do is to hope that better weather will come. How ever, when the days are fine we have not at all a bad time, running on "Skier" down the steep slopes. 