Oar Meibpuirriè Letter. Br TOBIAS. The Scottish' T&iatle; Club. ..thought they had a soft thing on .fftietftlie)' approached the Minister .of ÍVefence a few dajs ago, and sought official sane tion for the formation of a Highland volunteer regiment in Melbourne. # 'ihej soon discovered that. Mac was " rétrencher" first, and aScotchman • .. • • • afterwards. V If I grant this application/' said Mr McCulloch, 'it may resutt in an agitation, to lmve English and IrUli regiments. :,also formed ; and this r ffihight load to trouble " Just so. I think Shis was a wise admonition. It is not dè«irablc to- foster this spirit of dirided nationality where we hhould bo all Australians. In, the'Iniperial army thoy have such reg;im,ents as the Sootch Greys, the Gordon Highlanders, the Connanght Rangers, the Royal Irish, the Welsh Fusilliers; but then these regiments are far from being essentially representative ...of the nationality from which they receive their nomenclature. Why, only .a ftw days ago wc were informed that an overwhelming majority of the brave Gordon Highlanders, that fell in that brilliant frontier engagement in Iadia, were Irishmen, even to the piper who played on after his legs were shot off. While admiring the enthusiasm of the Thistle Club, I have a higher admiration for the discretion of the Minister of Defence. The days when I hungered for adventure received their sepulture long ages ago. The wild spirit of enterprise and novelty was driven out of me with the mallet and wedge of inexorable labour. The man who must be industrious in pursuit of a crust has little time for the exercise of an adventurous spirit. This is why the wild battle now being waged against the Gippsland fires has had no attraction for me hitherto. To-day, however, I have resolved to become a fire-fighter. The news comes to us that Moe, a small village 20 miles from WarraguJ, has been in flames, and was, mirabile dictu, saved by extinguishing the furnace with a barrel of . beer. What a heavenly Arcadiã Moe must be..in these degenerate days of tallow candle producing proclivities ! I have a burning desire to. go fire : fighting' at once, and to go to Moe. If the Moe fires have burned • themselves out, then—ah well, we must isep vv'i'at canvbe done to keep Moe up date. M'** mustn't be allowed to eavs* in, while there is a house in the village, a blade of grass in the paddocks, or a pint of snake juice in her cellars. Moe. or Klondyke ? Moe by all means. . #.. # ..#.. * * * The Federal .Convention has been slow of pace hitherto ; but yet thov are expected to.get there all the same,.. The premiers would appear to be the great figure heads in Melbourne, while the gliosen leader of the Convention plays "o.iViy second fiddte. George Reid, P.C v thinks himself a head and shoulders . p.ver the ««ther-'premier fellows, and o/er . çverybo-ly' eíse» too, for tnat matter. f>r Turner hasn't a bit of that in him, and is... always on the alert to ÍC^-MÍ .1 spirit of conciliation, white exercising a o the saiae. tiro* probably more influence than any other delegate at the Convention. Forrest is concious of an unapproachable superiority, never forgetting that he has been always premier o,f the West awl is likely to die so, in the absence of any rival having the ghost of a ohauce against him. The Tasmanian Fysh has become quite inflated over the expansion of the tin wines, and speaks as tall as if the Federated Australia would prove a burlesque, wanting Tasmania at the family board. When the ponderous question of finance is o.vçr, we- may expect the debates to assume a more stimulating character. At present they are not worth going across th.e road to listen to. * * And Queensland, poor Queensland, appears to. be entirely out of the fanning, owing to the strong separation ist feeling all along the line north of Brisbane. How her politician» must feet their isolation í They are making the best, however, of the insignificant figure they " cut, and clothing their political nudity in a gaudy mantle of ••• conspicuous colors. The term Chiei Secretary has been abandoned for that of t^iine M inister—rnot Premier, mind yottjf but Prijne. Minister,—apd the Queensíànc^Còionial Secretary is tbibe henceforth known as the Home Secre-. tary. Ah., ye ccfàs and* little fishes! The thing, wosld be amusing if it were not. so inflated and -rviiculéup. Tlfce old Story of the frog over again. « * ** * * * * * And talking of political pomp reminds ?ne of the many royal appendages to monarchv in the Sandwich islands Wiiyj; ; ; isited ilonclulu a few years an.d while the king's palaoe waa still draped iu mourning for the dead monarch, I heard much of interest abont the pomp aud pageantry of state that prevailed. There was the Lord of the Bedchamber, the Master of the Hounds the Lord High Chamberlain, and a host of others whose high-sounding titles .guve no indication of their actual employment about the palaoe. The old king himseif could scarcely have countenanced this unmeaning mummery, for he spent • his evenings quietly enough, playing poker and drinking turn in the barparlour of au adjacent public h >use. On hearing of the lofty pretension of the Quponslanders, I felt that the ridiculous liases of history 20 degrees north of the equator were but repeating themselves 20 degrees south of-the line, and within the limita of the expected Commonwealth of Australia. • Queensland. however, who is going on her own" do. sn't care a br.tss farthing of what others think of her. * * * * * * * * * # « Mr Purves, «lV,r a com parati ve rest of a few years, comes up fresh and smiling to the fray. Purve», in common with the smaller fry of his professional brotherhood, has had a restricted area I'or his great forensic powers for same time past, owing to the general depression and an increased dearth of important law cases. He came out at Brunswick last week ; but his humour is stale, and his wit blunted, compared with what he was a dozen years ago. His Ipgic, too, is a little mixed, and his conclusions, as a natural sequence, somewhat unreliable. Here is an example : " No true Irishman can be a true Australian. A true Australian is patriot of the empire, and an Irishman is not." Whatever success may attend J.L's insulting and rude behaviour to a woman in the witness box. his. knowledge of the first rudiments of logic was laid aside the day he became famous as a grossly insulting crossexaminer. Has Mr Purves forgotten an incident that should have reminded him of the unsoundness of one at least of his premises—" A true Australian is a patriot of the empire." The time is still fresh in our memory when this u patriot of the empire" spoke in a representative capacity of " cutting the painter," as far as regards our connection with England and the Empire was concerned. Has he forgotten that his disloyalty then placed him nearly at the bottom of the poll when he aspired to become a delegate to the Federal Convention in the early part of last year ? The great Q.C. has a conveniently short memory ! Alas, for'liis patriotic and national ambition that the people of this country are not similarly gifted. ***** • * * * * Adverse fortune would appear to le pelting " lhe finest team of cricketers that ever England put into the field." In the hour of our triumph, iu the full flush of victory we cannot help feeling that a harsh fate is pursuing the English captain with remorseless and unrelenting hate. No vicissitude of fortuue could be harder ihun u - »-.o•.• r.t S-^sj- -.- last week against a team oi n. 6. vv aies . . , ° , . j Tl 5 3 ««itter won 4 isAon'-'rfft.nW 1 v'th hiibi.'ia.: lad i'-cL, «um set the English team a score ot 415 to face. They responded bravely with only 28 runs short. Iu their next effort the col niaís made a splendid effort adding 574 to the English shortage. With 602 runs to beat the visitors faced the ordeal undauntedly, and before the close of the day wipad out 258 for the loss of one wicket. Next morning, however, disaster awaited on their efforts, the remaining nine wickets falling for 105, and thus losing the match by 239 runs. The wicket was in excellent condition to the last moment. Fate would thus seem to (< follow fast and follow faster" upon the footsteps of the unlucky Englishmen. To be beaten in a test match is exasperating ; to be beaten by a single colony humiliating to a team who expected, when they entered upon the Australian tour, to win every one oj the five test matches* * # * * *•* * * Ballarat is happy ! The first portion o£ its dream of Federal greatness has been realized, and the Convention delegates have partaken of its bountiful hospitality. The second part of its dream was only touched upon casually, when Barton told them of his dream in the train coming up, in which Murphy, M.L.A., and Bungaree played a prominent part, Ballarat occupying ! only/.á. side issue in his dream. This was too bad—raisiag hopes by his poetic description of a city he had only seen by gaslight, and then only in part. Ballarat, however, doesn't care a dump, and' expects to> get there all the same, despite the sarcasm of Barton or the cynicism of Reid. Ballarat's future is not all behind it! Federation has more meaning Bar the people of the- Golden City than many dr^atn ot; ijp. their wise philosophy, Of the many amusing incidents that characterised the Orange and Green trials, at Brunswick last week, the appearance of the Rev. Mr Caton in the witness box was probably one of the best. lie . refused to be sworn, he refused to give evidence, he refused to recognise the. legality ol the proceedings because he was sub-pcenaed by a " foreign power," the Pope of Rome ! Egad, this is exquisite from its utterly puerile stupidity. If the "Rev John Caion has uo more effective bomb -shell than this explosive to tlimv, lie on.^ht to have hid his litile head andor the iron bed-stead whereon he rests his bigoted anatomy in the Coburg parsonage. Some Roman Catholic fe.low named Kennedy instituted.the proceedings on behalf ol'a section of the community who desired to test the legality of the Orange processions ; and this ignorant parson at once stigmatises the proceedings as being ti e work of a " foreign power"— the Pope of [tome. Did any one ever hear such unmitigated bathos, such ignorant, small-minded bigotry as this ? Verily, the Orange lodge has a chaplain the possession of whom wil create little, envy. Caton is but a blustering bigoted creature at beet—a augbing stock even among Orang*ei»en. * * * * * # * * While I write there is some prospect of the Sheffield Shield taking up it6 permanent abode in our midst. If we beat South Australia in the match now on, which may still admit of doubt, N.S. Wales muot yield up its treasure, and we become the proud possessors at last, 'i his will intensify the bitterness of feeling entertained even in his own colony against Giffin. George has not only wrecked his cricketing future by his despotism, but ho has destroyed the sale of his book which promised to be highly emunerative. He will have few sympathisers, however, in the obscurity he has courted. 