DIVEfJS .ftND lSHARKS. SOMI-: THRILLING EXPERIENCES. Divers who have been down in "foreign seas tell of exciting encounters with sharks. But it appears that "the demon of the sea," with all its voi'acity. Is a little timid in presence of the strange creature that wears a shining helmet, with the eye of a Gorgon and a long plume of hissing air-bubbles. A diver who spent some years at the Australian pearl fisheries describes in this way his first encounter with a shark:— "I felt instinctively," he says, ^ "a strange presence before 1 saw anything. The small fish usually found in great numbers among the corals had entirely disappeared, and the absence of these flitting little companions, when one has become accustomed to them, produces the effect of intense stillness. "A creepy, indefinable sensation ol dread took hold of me, and it became one of downright terror when I turned and saw, within ten feet of me, the bulk of an immense shark. The creature lay almost motionless, half-hidden among a mass of cobweb corallines. My first thought was to be pulled up; but as fish have human nature enough to want a thing as soon as they see it is being taken away from them, I rejected the idea. A sweep of its tail, and the great fish and 1 were face to face. "Holding my breath, I.stood perfectly still, my heart beating wildly and my eyes rivetted on the wicked eyes and | cavernous mouth of the shark. I felt that the monster- was inspecting me with some curiosity, and after, a few, moment? I became aware that by an almost' imperceptible motion of its flexible tail it was gradually approachiiig me. Nearer aind nearer came ' the leviathan, the shovel-shaped nose pointing directly to my face-glass. Flesh and blood could stand it ho longer, and with a yell I threw up my arms. Instantlythere was a swirl of water, a cloud ol mud, and my enemy vanished,"- v , ; Another shark story, tills time from tlie West Indies. "A large steamer,?'.the diver relates; "had struck on a reef and then slipped off into deep water, taking with her the mails and a valuable cargo. There were some papers that were particularly wanted, and I was in the chartroom under the bridge working for them when suddenly, as I turned, I saw the wicked: snout of a big. brute . between me and the door. . I, went creepy all over, I can tell you. But I kept still and so did he, except that he . worked! a tin lazily, like a screw steamer holding on against a tide, f I ©crt ythe; Jrolfe in my belt loose, and'waJtedi. SThfc shark evidgntlv did not know what to make of m€, and gradually driJted. jover to the othef siWe 5 of " the roomr-' I began then to move towards the. door, and had almOst reached It when the shark made a sudden rush in the same direction—aud disappeared. Which .of "us got the bigger fright J don't know." But encounters avith sharfp -^on't always end so.. ; Some yea|s _£iago an English diver, who was aifjvbrk on a sunken wreck off • the island oj| Diego Garcia, had a visit from thejsaxae shark every day for a week. had iiO trouble in scaring 4t* aT^Ly$; it1twafl enough if lie gave a turnyto the?escapevalve in his helmet and let outlla little air. But at -the end of the w«fekvJit jiad, become very 'trdublespmej , |Pheffdiver: signalled for a knife and •a.lot»peil)rope# and then boldly held oujJiis bare^hajid as a bait to the sharl^ came on with a rush and. was .turning on its bk-ck when it wa^Btab^d py flie diver, who then passed^ the loop round, its body and sent it up to" tlie surface. A cool head should i certa&lj; be included in the equipment of a n^a^-Hol seats to earn his bread in the se&. j & The story is told of f fiiv|r who: saw two ghosts, Tull fathom ^fiver under the surface. He had gone |dofm> to^ the wreck of a large'stealer, fiia was crossing the main saloon shapes of enormoxis^tzeeameAba^Wmg towards liirn. He did not wait to jnake notfesCfofc t-liee Psjfcl^ai ' Sqqiet^J^ut gave the danger signal, and was aJtjBttoe pulled .up. Told in tlie cheerful liphj " day, >it ft -f tot^M anoth'er-diver w£nt -down", tbi sees® he could make, of .it. Towards^hl also came the shambling grey §ljiape . He st.vKl irresolute for: A moment? and then, going boldly forward, struck hie hatcliet thronsh—a, mirror! The ghosts.. were only "a dinY reflection of his -6w» ! legs, much i;-nlai;fed, of course,,as everything is that a divW sees through'-the great frontal oye- of his helmet. 