The Ghosts' Double. jSr L. F. Ajcstis. A second floor ip St. •lames - ' street, accordto Barty Josseltn'e biographer, shoiild bé a haunt of fashionable dissipation. For some years past I have fouud it a very 4§corous abode, "a gentlemanly residence, by Joyje as Meredith's General Ople would say, but decidedly prosaic. TJifiré used to be a black at which waited for me or? tjie doorstep whenever I came home in tii£ smell hours ; ut even that emblem of dubious habjts had isappeared. My second floor is so austere hat a friend who always complained that the atmosphere, the furniture, the prints on he walls, tilled him with suicidal depression, ent me last Christmas the bust of a Faun, wicked oM classic with vine leaves in his air, and his features coutorted by a very isreputable wink. This piece of virtu tands on the sideboard, and keeps up the ink with singular tenacity, though his sur- ^ç«iings must have convinced him long go thai i^iss superannuated gaiety is quite hrow n a way . ' I was sitting by my fire very late one night at the beginning of autumn. A clock, four clocks, struck tiro in succession, and I was wondering whether it was happy^cbance or a polite understanding which prevented them from clashing, when suddenly there was a tremendous pealing of bells 011 the other side of the street. I looked out of the window ; not a soul was to be seen ; but at that instant there was a burst of laughter, a woman's laughter, behiud 1111;. and turning round, I was amazed to behold in a chair on the opposite side of the fireplaee a lady in a curiously old-fashioned evening toilette. She was young, extremely good-looking, and wore her black hair in very full braids on either side of her face, reminding me of an old print of Byron's Guluare. A nice visitor at such an hour ! I glanced involuntarily at the Faun, whose features seemed to be wrinkled with a fresh and most compromising grin. Following my eyes, the young woman laughed again, and tripping across the room, laid her cheek against his. The picture appealed to my artistic perceptions, but it was not to be tolerated for a moment. " Really, madam," I said, "" 1 must- protest against this intrusion. A second floor in St. .lame's street has a character to lose" though "you may not think it. You have mistaken the house, madam, and "' "Hoity toity !" said she, in an oddly artificial voice, which sounded as if it came out of a phonograph ; " I have known this room, sir. for a hundred years, lîut how you have changed it ! Books !"—siie made a wry face at the learned tomes which littered the talile—" You are sail and scholastic, I fear, not one of the pretty fellows of my day. Still, that Faun " " Madam," I said with dignity, " I must beg you not to jump to hasty conclusions about that—hem I—that object of vertu. I do not understand what you mean by a hundred years, and if you .will have the goodness to retiie " She laughed again. " Mail alive, w hat a duil block you are ! Did ye not hear the l»ells over the way " The bells—yes, but " "1 rang them: 1 am a ghi*st — such a very old ghost " .She paused : evidently I was«expected to pay a compliment. " Time writes 110 wrinkles- lieui ! " " O11 my azure brow ! Very polite of you ! So many people still quote Byron : We died in the same year, he and I, and 1 have often wondered why I never met his ghost. We might have had such games with the bells ! " Surely you would not expect the ghost of Byron to engage in an undignified romp?" " l*.i! ih : You don't know the ghostly world. We have left off all our classic airs, bloml- curdling lamentations, and so forth, and taken to practical joking. It is so much more amusing than waking people in the night to tell them about buried treasure and hidden bones ; that sort of melodrama went out years ago. When you have to be a ghost for ever you cannot endure gloomy monotony. Now, ringing bells—yours, for instance " "Good heavens, madam, I hope you will do nothing of the kind ! My valet, who sleeps in the basement will come up, and as he is a most paarticular man the sight of you at this hour " It was too late. Every bell in the house rang with a startling peal. There were steps on the stairs, and rushing out of the room, I met James the valet, to whom I explained rather incoherently that I had become accidentally entangled with the bell-handle. At that moment his candle went out, and something rustled past me with the umistakable sound of a giggle. Very good, sir," said the voice of Jaines "l the darkness with sarcastic emphasis. She was gone, taking my reputation with her ! . . . What did this mean ! When I re-entered my room, there she sat in the same chair, but with a totally altered expression. The air of saucy "mischief was succeeded by a grim stare "from her black eyes. The face was much paler, and there was a small red mark on her right temple. "Pardon me," I stammered, "I fear you arenotwelL If you will permit me to " There was a little brandy in a cupboard, but I had a sudden doubt of its efficacy for a fainting spirit. "What ails you, sir?" The voice was different too—much more phonographic. "I—I was afraid you were not welL You were so cheerful a few moments ago, and now " " What do you mean, man ¥ I npver saw you before," she retorted. "Really, madam, isn't this—hem !—rather capricious ! Just now you said you wepe fond of practical joking, and you rang all the bells. Then you passed me on the stairs and laughed. James heard you, and as lie is a most particular man She sprang up with a cry which sent a shiver through me—the first ghostlike sensation I had felt since the beginning of these \- It is my double," she exclaimed ; " my deceitful, liateful double ! Look at me. Am I like a ghost who would play the fool by ringing bells ?" She was certainly not. Her eyes had a cavernous glare, and from the red' mark on her temple a small crimson drop began to trickle. " Seventy years ago this very night, the man I loved came to me and said he had been ruined by play at Crockford's " " Now the Devonshire Club," I remarked. " No gambling there now, I assure you. I am a member of it." " Don't interrupt me ! " she said fiercely. " He declared he was ruined. It was a lie ! He po}4 uie be jpas going home to commit suicide. I asked jjiuj i<f $0 ijb here but he refused." '' Quite right, What svonJ4 .Jam.es haye said? I beg your pardon. Seventy ypars ago it was different, of: course." " He swore to me he would bloji- his brajus out at three o'clock- I said J would pot survive him. As the clock struck three f shot myself. But he, the monster, betrayed me, and continued his dispieable life," " A very shabby trick ! " " Is not that enough to poison eternity for a ghost? And nowl have a double, a wretched shade, who makes me ridiculous, whereas I used to be respected ! This upstart race of spirit- doubles has destroyed the old aristocracy of the ghostly universe. We are driven from our haunts by buffoons ! I shall never appear again—never." I was * irreslsfcjjbly moved to offer consolation, though I had '))<} jdça what I was saying. " " My dear madam, pray don't take it su much to heart. The other lady is certainly !pgj$y- She made most injurious assertions about tfa^t—fjî.at object of virtu you see on thçsidetyoar<j[-^—- 1 ' Something pinched my eau: yigj^ntlv. At my elbow stood the "double,"' r^dlpt, triumphant. laughing immoderately. " Indies i" I pr?ed, " for pity's sake don't quarrel here ' If sfeould come, what should I say? One is had e^o^gh, but two " A clock struck the first note of three, f saw a pistol barrel irleaining against the white temple where the red drop had trickled. " Not here, Ï implore you. Think of the scandal " There was a loud explosion, then a shriek of laughter, and I was alone in the room. Next day I remembered that I had read somethiug about this theory of the spectre's spectre. Alas ! poor oldfashioned ghost, how thy tradition is trampled 011 and derided by the Comic Spirit ! 