HIS ONLY CASE. We wero in Markham's 44 snug,' a littlo room to which ho was accustomed to retiro'Vto cool,' as he expressed it, in such odd minutes us a boavy home- practice in medicine loft bim. Nothorby, a surgeon from lower down tho street, had dropped in at ten o'olock to smoko a friendly pipe with Mnrkham and mo and to chat over professional topic*, as was our custom. Markham was crcat on reminiscences aud struck out upon them as soon an Nctherby, drawing his coat taiJs sootentiously about him, had settled down into the doctor's wickor chair. Wo smoked on in deferential silonco until Markham bad finished. 44 Well 1' said Nothorby, with a long pull at bis pipe. ' I'm not much at 4 experiences,' but 1 had ono job out there near San Francisco that has always been on my mind.' 44 What was it ?' naked Markham in his abrupt way, turning a pair of piercing littlo grey eyes on Netherby. 44 It occurred nearly twenty years ago, before I sottled down,** said Netherby, removing his pipo and throwing his head back into a reflective attitude. 44 1 hnd had a few turns at s&a; ns surgeon on a North American stoimcr, but through a bothor I had with the chief officer I dropped it nt tbu end of a voyage out. I left her at Frisco and went on a ramble inland. I bad no definite plan, but I thought it would be worth while taking a turn round tho mining distriot. I had gone through surgery, and thought, being an Englishman, there might be a chance about some of the mining settlements. Lots of work for a saw-bones about tboroi' said Netherby, with a significant nod. 44 Did you get auy ? ' asked Markham, sharply again. 44 One case — juit one. And I didn't like it. It wasn't in my branch at all,' Netherby replied, frowning at tbe recollection. 44 1 dropped on a little mining place in tho hills,' ho continued. 41 It was about a hundred milen east ot San Francisco. I somehow fancied tbe place, to I stayed there prospecting about two months. In threo weeks 1 knew everyone in it worth knowing. Tbey wore as defereutial as you please, learning that I was an English surgeon, so I got on well with them. 44I stopped at tho principal store in tbe town, the keeper of which was a sharp and shrewd Yankee, but about as good-natured as they make 'em. 'Ono night after I had gone to ted I heard a loud knocking at tbe outer door. Then there were voices. I could beor tho storekeeper speakingsharply to Boineoneabout coming at that fate hour. In a minute I heard him approach ing my room. He called out to learn whether 1 was awake, and on my answering him, told me that oue of the 4 bosses ' of a mine outside of tho town bad come to 6eo if 1 would go to a man who was dying. There had been a fall of stone in the workings, and tbe man was badly injured. A doctor of some kind was with bim, hut the man hud begged that thoy would bring an Englishman to him as he had something important to say. Tho * boss ' thought he wanted to make a confession, and 'for some reason would only make it to an Euylishman. You-see, I was not wanted pro fessionally, so at first I declined to go. Tbe storekeeper argued tbe matter with me, sayiug it would look bad if it got known that. I had refused to go and hear a dying man's confes sion. So 1 got up and dressed aud joined the -4 boss,' and told him to lead the way. 41 He led me aloug tho solitary main street of tbe place, and then struck out tor tbe bills. I had not the ghost of an idea whero we were going, aud ns the night was dark :it was impossible to note the way. I tried to get my companion to talk, but after one or two vague replies to iny remarks I loft him alone. He was either stupidly sullen or so concorned nbout the man that be CS' t^.0 liicjdly. hour when my guide gripped my right wrist and turned me sharply round, with a curt, * Kem this way I ' ' Still holding my wrist ho walked a few paces and then stopped. I could seo that wo wero by a low building. Going on agaiu my guide led me slowly round the place until wo reached a door ou tho further side. It was partly dpen, *nd I could discern a dim light within. 4 Hyar wo nir,' exclaimed my companion pushing the heavy door open. 4 Hyar's the Englecsb surgeon, mebbo Vll du fer yer.' 'It was a mining,hut of tho roughest descrip tion. A small lamp was burning on a kind of mantle-shelf, nnd giving just sufficient light to make tbe place miserably dim and weird. A man in the garb of a miner was sitting on a rough stool by a low couch, n bed upon which I could discern a human form. 4 Hoaw es it now, Jose ?' asked my com panion. 4 Bad I' answered the watcher, bending forward to look at tho faco of tho injured man. My guide knelt down by tho couch. *Ncd ! Hyar's ttio Englecsb doctor. 'E'es come t' hyar what yer'n t,' say. Can yer talk t* 'm ?' ' ,4IJiad grown nccustomcd to the gloom, and could discern ti face of deathly pnleiwss at tbo raised end of tbe couch. As I watched it tho eyes opened. 4 Leave 'im with me — leave us alone,' said a faint voice. 4 Kem on, Jose. Let's gew out. Leave tbo doctor with 'im a bit. Kem on !' said my com panion, taking bold of the watcher's arm. 'The man slowly roso and left tho cabin with my guide. I heard thu pondeious door grato as they closed it behind them, and knew that I wan alono witb the dyiug man. 41 Can t do anytbiug for you ?' I asked, bendinc over to obtain a better view of him, 4 Draw that stool up and sit down by me,' he replied in a low voice. 44 Let me examine you first,' I said, feeling his right shoulder. 4 No no, not that,' he said testily. 4 You can't do me any good that way. 1 want you to listen.' 4 1 will,' I replied. 4 Go on..' 44 Are you an Euglishman ho asked, turn- 1 ing his glassy eyes on ray face. 44 Yes, ' I replied agoin. 4 Then listen. This is a dying man's coufcs sion. My noma's Frank Matbeson. I wns a diver. I was doing very well. Me and my mite, Tom Tbornley, 'ad been nt it for years. Wo were like brothers. .Sometimes ho went down and some times mo. Wo were all right until tbe girl came. Kate .Jacobson her name was Sh« was mv girl, I loved her with all my life. 1 whs happy, so happy until Tom played me fidee He made pretence of friendship to Kate, tor old acquaintance sake, he said, but I saw how it wa* going, He was making love to her. Ho took her from me— my Kate that I would havo died a hundied times for— took her from me. And she lift ine for him I was like one dead. Everything changed. All tho hope went out of me. I was miserable, and wished I was dead. , And he, my ntH tnnto. Tom Tbornley, had done it— played mo false. How I hated him ! Wo wero mating still, diving together juct aa before, j And thoy wero to bo married— Tom and my j Katie to be married. I wns msd— mad for ho had played mo false. He had stolon my love. Sho wns my Katie. 1 won her— honourably ; he deceived mc— tricked mo. Oh, how I hated him ! I wanted to kilt him, for hadn't ho killed my hope — iny life. It was all gone. -Ah! I remember.' 4 The man closed his eyes and stopped,' said Netherby. 14 I s*w that ho hnd not finished his narrative, so I said gently, 4 Havo yon nothing' moro to tell me?' In & minute the eyes opened again. Tbey were quite wild oad glaring.' * Yes,' he gasped. 4 Thoy wero to be married —ray Katio and him— married. But I spoiled it. Wo were diving at tho old Merlin on a Digbt-tido. It was Tom's turn to go down. 1 bad to screw bim up and pump tor him. Ho wont down. I thought of them, married, him and my Katie. I was mod, and I did it. I kept on turning the wheel, madly, gloatingly. I knew Tom was getting no air. We got him up, doad, I killod him. Killed bim, for bo stole my Katio. 4Theo, I couldn't bear to look on her face. I thought sho could read murder on my brow, Tho form of Tom haunted me. 1 couldn't bear to be nt tbo old place or to touch tbo pump or tho gear again. I dareu't have gone down iu that dress again for tbe world. I would have met him down there just as he diod. I ran from the country. Now it's all over : I can die. You've beard everything. Leavo me— leave me in peace.' 44 His eyea closed and his head felt over help lessly to his left side. Ho had spent himself upon his narrative. I stepped softly to tbe door and partly openod it. The noiao brought back my guide nnd Jose. I learned from tbem that tho man was badly crushed about tho lower part of his body and that the mino doctor had told tbem ho would not live through tho night, but that he would como back and see him. Finding how nearly he was goue, I did not attempt to touch him, especially as I had not been asked to render any professional service. *4 My guide conducted mo back to tho town over tbe samo unknown woy wo had travelled to tbo cabin. Promising to let mo know how the man wont on, be left mo by the store at which I was lodging. Before I roso in the morning tho store-keeper came to my room with tbe infor mation that tbo man I bad visited was dead. 'You aro the only living crcatures who ever heard his story from my lips,' said Netherby knocking the ash out of ? his pipo and risiug to go home. 