At tho Avoca Politic Court yosterduy, hoforo Messrs G. Pinch nnd M. M. "Wise, J'a.P., J. G. Broeklobank, Crown Lands Bail iff, pi-ooueded ngainst Thos. Cliflurd and Jnmes MeCallutn on a charge of rouinving certain timber from a Siato Furast wixhout holding the nocesfary pormit. Tho dofondnnts nd- niittod tho offence, but denied (hat tire value of tho timber was £0, as set down by the Ilnuger. The evidence for the prosecution showed that defendants wore carting eix piles, for use at the North Duke uiino, from tho neighbor hood of Avoca, on tho night of tho "8th Auguut, when thoy wero caught by tho Hunger, who ordered thorn to take tho timbor to tho Avoca jiolico station. This they declined to do, uud one of thorn u bused him so strongly thut ho sought tho aBsistenoo of Mtd Constable Brand, and eventually impounded tho timber ut tho Ilomobush police station. The royalty on tho timber was given by tbo Hanger nt 4h 3d n slick, which would amount to 95s (Id, and ho valued tho piles at £1 each. Ho naked that n do- cunt fine ho imposed us tt enntiun, and would not press lor tho vsluo of the timber. Tho dofondant, Clifford, hero stated to tho Honch that tire vnluo tho timber oy.tild not bo cousideied. as tiro Department hud, sinco the fioizuro, sold it to himself and MrOnllutn for douhlo royalty, nntnoly 8s fid, and tho sticks had been dolivered ut tho North Dnko mino. Tiro Bench, on enquiring it' tills 'K.iteinont wore om'i'Ci-t, Wns ia- forrnod by Mr Bvoeklebank that ho hnd every reason to holiovo no. Tiio Do partninut had nuli/runnioly interfered witl.out k nov.ing il,y, i,„,th 0f CBS0 'J he B oich Wnh of opinion that Miclr no- tioit on tho part of the Deuartuiont was -i.fi ii i f 1 1>" unfair to tho Crown Lauds Bailiff, and the Chairman (Mr Pinch) upnkoio strong tortus of tho intortoreiico of the Department with tho law. ID siad M r Broeklobank hud to a cortaiu fjr'oot had the ground cot from under him by his own chiefs, and was in con sequence before tho court with only hull a case. Tin- Bench ieh decidedly "o- nov d over tho matter, and but for tho admission of the defendants would not have imposed any fine, bb tho Depart ment hud already accepted £2 lis from tbem. A fine of £1 ouch was then im posed, the Chairman remarking 'hat the Bench web prepared to rocommend n remission of tho penalty. The holding of another election for the office of local auditor to llio fjhiro of Los ton, owing to thoro having boon an insufficient uumbor of ballot papers, is cuuiiirtg n good amount of discussion, snd several enquiries hsvo reached us desiring our opinion on tho matter. In reply thereto, though wo have not tho direct legal opinioti On the matter, wo can only say that at tho booth whore tho ballot papers were short tho Bfituriiing Officer should cither have written out the number required or udjourned tho poll nt that particular booth until tho rieceeBary printed papers could be sup plied. Either course would hnvo boon correct, and tho additional expense now to bo incurred would have been avoided. Tho sumo tbiug happened in »oroo of tbo Metropolitan booths in connection with tho Fedeinl Convention Election, and on that occusion the bnlh.t papers required were wriit>ri out by the Returning Offi cers. Mr John R. Chaffoy, who has been appointed Consulting Engineer to the Working Minora' Syndicate, visited Homr.busb Inst week, und placed a man ; in charge ol tiro boring, w hich was com menced yesterday by Wilson lfroa., of Bowenvulo, who are tire successful oun- UuctorH for tho work. Mr Chnhoy, in whoso hands the whole control ol tho undertaking hoe hern, pinned, selected tho sites for tho first half-dozen boroa. Ilo haa forwarded to London the prob able cost of tho sinking of the shaft, nnd ' this be estimates at £30,000. Wo undnvstnnd the whoh. of 'hia money bus now been lodged by tho London people in the Bank of England, aou tho first moioty towards tho expenditure has boon transmitted to Victerin Tho English I people ure now prepared to go straight abend with tho work, which mentis tho development of a decidedly rich loud. James McCiillum discovered at the Avoca I'olicc Court yesterday that it is inadvisable to ubo swear words to an officer of tbo Crowri whur. in the execu tion of bis duly. On the night of the 98th August, Constable Brand had oc casion to benHllcd out to stay tho flight of tlio said McCalluui with noma unlaw fully gotten timber. Naturally MtCal- lum bcciitno soranwliat annoyed at being discovered, am made u-o of several vile expressions. Countable Brand sum moned liiui, and the result, was a fine of 20e, Moral — A 1 way a keup cool, and be eepeeiully careful xrut to abuse an officer of tbo law. Tho manager of tho True Blue re ports that the machinery baa been re paired, and work comniouced aguin to- duy. Everything will be in lull swing again in a couple of days' timo. A donning up will tuke qilaco about tho ood of tho weak. Dr Carty Kidmen, ML. A., has ialurviowod the Education Dupailuunit in an endeavour to have the No. 1 Crock Statu school re- I opened, and has obtained a promise thai, tho J District Inspector will bo sent, m make a j special enquiry. It now rouuitnu for tho , parents and others interested lu buck up the ' efforts of Dr .Salmon by attending and plac- i ing boforn Ihu Inspector, upon a ilulc of i which duo uolieo will ho given by that of- I floor, all tho information they have relating to tho rnuttor. There is every probability of the New ' Alodamo Hopkins mine being eoreessfully 1 flouted with a powerful company ut an eaily ! dale, anil indications point to work being j cnmineiiced at no distant dulo. Several good miuing inventors hnvo taken tins prujret in J hand, and wlion they hnvo completed their i work oiro of tho largest leads in tho colony will he opened up. No bettor show exists any where in Australia than is offered by Hop kins load, and wo would not be in die slight est supii.M'd to Sou the mine a good dividend paying nno from tho molnoul the wnnhdirt iu opened up. Mr H. Richtor of Avoon, uotifies else where that ho is now proparoi! tc purehaso black wattle bark in any quantities, and a tuniieu supply ot silvor auttlo at highest market rates for cash on delivery . Attention iu directed to tlio advertisement of Mr T. IL \Vny, manufacturing jeweller, etc.. of iiourko Street, -Melbourne. Mr Jus. Wise, J.P., of ' The Holm," Elmhurst, returns thanks in another portion of to-day's issno to the rulopuyerB of tho Went Riding ot tho Shire of Lextun for clouting hill, us ono of their representatives. Owing to a transposition of tho figures in manuscript of the declaration of the poll in commotion with tho recent election for the Lextun Shire it was made to appear that tho votes polled ut Amphitheatre Wore recorded at Lextun, and aire versa. As this detracts socuuwhat from tlio credit duo to tliu voters at tlio Arnpliitheatro booth no consider it only fair to draw attention to tho mutter. _ Tlio 1 Australian Miuing Slumlord' haB iKeuud n special edition entirely devoted to iiismunia and its minerul resources. Tho edition, which is quite spurt from the ordin ary weekly isstioof the' Standard,' contains 110 pages and upwards of 100 illustrations, nun ih without doubt iho inost cocuploto pub- licntiun dealing with u particular field that bus boon issued in the colonies, tlio pro- primary having secured the services of tlio best iv ri tern on their special subjects. Copies aro now roady. and it is hoped tho success of tins edition » ill enable the cufurprisin" firm to produce u similur work for oach of tho Australian colonics, in order tliur Eng lish and foreign capitalists uiiy have a cotn- pruliensivo idea of the mining industry throughout ihcae colonies, - The ghost scare which has provuilocl in Beudtco for sotuo nighm phot .was intensi- 011 ulunluy whan it huouino known thut a tramway employe on his wuy home at uu ourly hour tluit morning bail scan the up. purituui in View street. He had a revolver in Ins poekol, but was ton frightened to use it, ljo states that it glided over n G foot fence, stood on a neat in tlio reserve, und tlion piihKcd ovur tbo islrud in tho dam to- wutdu Iho sliow ground, Sonior- consiHlde Cairailan and Lonstablo Kelly wcro on duty in the vicinity, und on hcinj informed of tho oocnrrenci scoured tho struotN, but wnro un able to find any traoo of tho «hoaL althoimh f little vyere footprintH on the Mfut uivutioncd. An opinion cxista thnt iho scuro is buiuy outivcd by soma persou tvith a flaBhiighl uivgto lantern. Lord Lirussoy, who is about to return to Melbourne via America >iui New Zealand was tendered a farewell banquet by the Liverpool Branch Navy League. Lotd Urnssey, rmpundir.'g to tho toast of his health, declared that the navy was never better prepaid than ut the present time. Touching on Australia, Lord Brnssey said tho continent could lie made an impregnable Imperial out post, capable of undortoking ofl'etiu've operations in the case of necessity. News was received from Cairo on Satur day night to the effect that the long-looked- for bat tic between tho Anglo- Egyptian forces ntrl the dervishes has been fought near Omdiirinnn, The details to hand show that Iho Khalifa, with Ins entire force, ad vanced u distance of three miles lo'meet the Brilish, and then made a bold and determined attempt to envelop the British llutik. The British fought splendidly, and ilia dervishes wore repulsed after an engagement of on hour's duration. Without the loss of litut General Kitchener gave Iho older to advance, and after proceeding for some distance to wards Omdiirman tho dcivishes renewed Iho attack, but were again repulsed ; tiieir loss i this time being very heavy. The dervishes | have been completely dispersed. Tho der vish garrisor. at Omdurtnan offered only a slight resistance, nnd the cilv is now occupied by tho British. The Khalifa llod and was pursued by tlio cavalry and gun boats, but it is not known yet whether he has been captured . Arthur iStruy, an umbrella mender, aged j forty-two, who has been living apart from i his wife und children, committed suioido in I a most tragic tnannor at noon on Sunday; Ho clambered out of a window in tho third ' story of a hairdresser's establishment in j Ralhrlown street, Carlton, raised his arms j in the air and deliberately throw himself head downward on the asphalt. When he was picked up his head was found smashed to u pulp, and he died before rekchiog the hospital. Ten years ago he came to Mel bourne, obtained the position of manager to a manufacturing firm ut a salary nf £'450 u yeur, Sinco thou ho has gradually sunk through drink. The Balhiral Hospital is an unexpected beneficiary under the will of a Air llurvcy, tancc to the institution only a few days ago, on nccount of his suffering fmm a chronic disease. Air Harvey, who was over 70 yearn of age, lived alone iu Ascot street Ballarat. His condition having come under the notice of Constable Priest, a doctor Wis called in, and it wee found that Iho nutient hud receipts for a sum oE nearly £'1000, de posited in the Union Bank, concealed about iiis person. He was iiilucod to umbo a will, and us a result tho Uospital, Ileiicrolent Asylum, and Orphanage vecive legacies of £300 each. It does not appear that the testator knew that the hospital doors hud hern closed ugiiiiiht him, The Uroivn Law authorities have for some lime hud under consideration I lie case of an old man of venerahleappciininee who, nqirc- sonting himself as a squatter und twice sat on a Melbourne suburban bench, and was aflerwiirdH roeoivod by the justices and honored. He was proved afterwards not to be a justice of the peace. The department can iln nothing in the matter. The cases dealt with are not invalidated, as aufiieient magistrates were present to form » bench. We have received a cony of the Wil liams' Dictionary' — a 48-page booklet. It comprises over 10,000 words, compiled from Johnson. "Webster, and Woiucster, the Standard Dictionary makers of our language. Tho Dr Williams' Medicine Company are the pulilisheis. and Ihu little work, though employed as an advertising medium, is all that it is tcprcsented to bo. It bears evi dence to tl'o enterprise of the Proprietors of Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. Over GOO, 000 copies have been already dis tributed. Additional copies may bo ob- tninod by forwarding twopence in stamps to tlio Dr Williams' Medicine Company, Syd ney. It would appear that the present session is not likely to clnso so early us expected, i \\\ o luito now reached September und the 1 budget is still on the tapis, tlio Estimates 1 lmvu to be considered, and tile Ministerial \ mat/num opus lias only just been launched. , Tliu Council is travelling along iu its cus- tonmiily leisurely way, and will have to put up with tho usual rush ut tile end of the seision. The bills doaliug with the changes i iu the franchise and the electoral law can scarcely bo put through this year, and little will bo completed after tho 'Estimates and i Land Bill have been deult with. | A footb"ll accident hue resulted in tho ! death at Jbirrandern 0f Mr .luuios Fisher son of Air William Fisher. J.P., of EUerslie , Karri. Tho young man, while playing foot- | bull nt Grong (jrong mst Saturday, slipped j in jumping to make a mark and broko ono i of his legs. Mollification net in, necessit tntiug ftinputiitiou. Hie ts./j. iioufitj of Kcipreacntfttives has decided, after an ull-uight sitting, by a majority of four, in favor ol' the insurtiou by the M mister of Lauds of a map iu " flan- surd. I fie donate ivas very aeriinonius. 'i'ho insertion is not to be regarded as a precedent. (imurieas visioio wneat supply lias at last begun to grow, but the increase hist week is trifling, being only 111,000 bushels. The total is now 8,605,000 bushels, as aeainat 110,605,000 boshelcat the corresponding date of last year, or a decreaeu of 11,757,000 bushels. At ItciToloola, Northern Territory, a nu- live named Gift attempted to poison his employer, Campbell, a publiean, and has disappeared into tho ranges, the inaccessi bility of which will probably give him shelter for a considerable tiuie. Sir Edward Braddon, during a debate in tbo Ttiiuniininu Assembly, said that no steps would be taken to make a permanent an- pciintnieul of Agent- General pending tho settlement of tliu question of federation which lie thought would be decided durin"' the next three mouths. Professor Harper, recently returned from a visit to Scotland, says that in church work a marked change for tho hotter has taken place there kmeo his youth. There "is 'real enthusiasm for lioma mission work larot sums of money are being raised for mli<rioue purposes and young men are very active and The N.Z Honeo of Representatives it. now discussing tho Old .ago Pensions jjn the lrem.er states is practically on the lines sLit wT 'Ic'"r'"n and Now tlm , od MM CrrSTlS 011 P'-'Ifionu for f ?l Bnt 'adm' f tl,l! Opposition is iu . ot pension principles, but disagrees with many details of tho bill. He favors some principle of compulsory immmnco. Arrivals by sea ut Frcinantle, W. A dur- ing August were 2049, and dep:u-tures"lUl7 giving an excess of 402, compared with 9311 the corresponding month of histyesr. The Piobably the most valuable shares in the on InUM1!'0 NW RU'er Cot tope <rno share was transferred of tiiL/'iTY Lst ycur ma.le tbo record time old mm 29| seconder water, lias To oomphsbed n notable swimming feat He titr l 0 on the Sea. a distance ot about 4-i miles in six hours Urn pi ogress was delayed ly g vory' rough Tlio notion brought by tlio widow of the late Dr. S. I. Williams against James Christopher, a chemist at Clifton Hill, for £3000 damages wok concluded .in defend ants favor. Tiie cirtuuislDnco of tho case was that Dr Williams was tiMcgod to have died from an injection of atropine, dispensed in mistake lor cocaine, Mr Eagleson, in Bildressing the jury, said that analyses had failed to support tho claimant's .assumption. After Bis lienor's address, iho - jury retired for nearly an lintir, nnd then returned with a verdict for defendant. Judgement wus entered accordingly, costs to be taxed. The Countess Delawurr and her two children will accompany Iter father, Lord Bressey. und Lady Brassey on their return to Melbourne, Earl Delaware will follow- after the enquiry into affairs of Mr E. T. Hooley has been completed. In Tasmania llie Royal assent has been given to the bill abolishing the tax on cattlu. Blieop and cat ease meat. " Watching the development in New Sotilli Wales with great intercut and with a littlo fanxioty" is the position of tho Australian Natives Association, Brilish Columbian sealers havo informed the Anglo A inericun- Coimiiisaionurs, who ure sitting at Quebec, to settle all outstand ing difficulties betweeu Canada and the United Stales, that they are willing to give tip pelagic, or deep sea, sealing in Behring Sea if they receive compensation to the amonut of £13G,000. James O'Suliivan and Ernest Harris- hare each boon fined £20 ut; Norlli , Melbourne for using n barber.'B aliop.as a bbtling.plaem Tho fines wero paid.. ' " — - .> vY-": Sixty tons of frozen b6ef hard arrived from Queensland. Tbo Alining Development Bill 1898 pro vides for a further sum of £150,000 being lent to mining companies eavryiag on pion eering work, to prospecting parties search ing for gold or other minerals, and in open ing up auriferous oountry by cutting tracks and making reads, Tho I'ope liar a pearl, btquwithed to him by Fins IX., valued at f.20,000. , New Sooth Wales fanners and pastoralists aro jubilant, a3 the pro.-pcuts aro now brighter than for several years. 