5=' [?] JfJlMlK SlMJ'SON (jiv(!B it IIS hill legal (lo oinion thut ?' a drunkard ' in a person who in in the habit of indulging in tlio ox cesaivo uso of ntrong drink no as to bo ovor oomo by it. Thin nettles at once and for ovor t!io contontion that ft drunkard is ft person who indulged in tho oxeoBsivo uso of gingorbenr or wulormolons. Tho do cisiou io worth n good doul. Alua ! for what 1ms tho rush to Cool gardio boon responsible ? When ft umn goes away to Wostralia and luuvos his wifo bo hind, it in natural that tho grass widow iihould fuel nad und louosomo. But thoro in no oxouso f'i- hur to ondoavor to supply tho sentimental doficioncy with ivnothor. 'J'hie Bouma to luivo boon tho giddy course of notion pursued by Mrs. Sheen, tho Vic torian hidy, whoso husband was tried limb wook for making ft revolver turgot of hin devoted hpouao. Sheen was lurod Weut wurd by llui glitter of hypothetical roofo, and tho lady admits than whilo he wnu away bIio hud ' met a young umn by appointment.' ' Acting on information ro coivud,' hor liuli came buck from Cool gardio ruul cut up rough with h revolver. Sheen wau but an indifferent marksman ; ho line! throo bIioU »t tho missus at closo range und only grazed hor. onoo. It in to bo liopod that tho demonstration will havo u dotorront effect on Hioho nmrried ludioa who aro inclined to incut iv young mini by appointment whilo tho old ©an is away grafting hin bouI euao out on a condenser or down a shaft. ? * ° At tho Nowtown Polioo Court ycmtorday Jiimos VVilHon, 120, deiuiribud ua u laborer, was ohui-|rud with hiiviiuc in Inn noHSOMlon u duok, u fowl, [imi n billycau ooutuiiiinK milk, uup posud to Iirvo boon stolon.' — Police pur. Jarnoa apponi'H to havo boon a kind of Konoral collector; quo of Uioro eccentric citizens who ondoavor to accumulate all viorts of oddities. Tlio proaiding iuugis trato aunt JamoB to ' quod ' for two moiithn to collect improsniona. Owing to tho provu lonco of tlioso general collector?!, wo keep our milk-jut; chainod and padlocked, und tlio bakor uhootu tlio daily loaf down a ftuiuol which wo mado in tho wall by ro moving tho briokwork bociuiao it iu not uufo to'loivvo it on thu wiudow-oill. ? * ** ' Tho English Army in India coiiiiiotu of Komo H00,000 moil, 225,000 of whom aro jiativou, ofll cored by wluUm.' If Englund can dopoiul upon thoeo mon, and tluapito Mio mutiny, thoro is ovory roiiaon to beliovo uho can, tho Kunaian Hour will probably burn bin clawti wlu;n ho comen ovor tho Khybor l'aus. Tho Hour is coining ovor tho 1'iwu, and will probalily try to hug tho Kangaroo at tho uiwnti timo. It is junt aa woll that wo go in f rouly for rillo pructico. Myisolf (nn I nftid boforo), I am going to Buriagorang. Tho Quflon keupa a opooial private book with a cluiip look, whoruin aro ontorod iiamo.i to bo romomhorod, tho niiinoo of prominent and imccossful peoplo \vhoin hor Majesty propotiOH to docoruto, Them nro mon In this city who would giro lUmoati nnj'thing to havo tholr 'mounikorn' in that book. T'hmo uro wivon of liiiiu in thin city who would nucriilco thoir immortal mmla to havo their buuband'ii uaniea in that'' book. You, m'lady. Tho womon of South A uutralia and Now Zonlund lmvo had thu frauchiiio for iiomo time, but wo lmvo not heard yot of iiuy lady eandidato for l'nrliuinoiit. Quou tioi'iod nl)out thin niftttor rocontljr, a pro minent Muoriland feinalo politician naid, ' It'ii no nno running a woman for Parlia ment until tho pooplo bucouio nocimtouiud to Hoeing women taking ft purt in political uu'airn. At prenont Uio block nmlo voto would bn agaiimt liar, uud two-thirda of tho womon volorn would aay wu wore going too funt and too far.' Ono of tho moot poculinr thint;a about tho Kookwood trngody und ouicido ia that it uroao primarily from ft ' laok of work.' 'Lnok of work in ft comotory ought to bo, ono should imagino, tho cauno of fontivity mid joy, but in Kookwood, according to tho ovldonoo at tho itiqunst, it wan ivn incontivo to Jiwnontution and linger nnd doapair, nffooting tho iitftft of gnwo-diggonj to ox ooodlng melancholy, and impolliug n ro tronohod oilloial of tho 1'lnco of Long Abiding to got up nnd murdor people. ? ♦ ? Thovo J*r0 many atorion of absont-mindod mon, but I think thin ono comoo in ahoad. Dliuik nrrto ourfiod with (in unfailing lonii of mn»-n-i'y. Now, lono of moinory ia Domo tiraon convonlont — when you (-.ro hoavily in dobfc, for inotanoo j but (it ofchor tlmoa It la a boro. Tho oiibjool; of thla hioldonl; ouddonly tSooldod ftbout Jubiloo timo to tako tho wifo and ohlldroii oyor to tho Great .Vog, A i'vlond rolatoo how ho wont down to tho mtoftnior to' noo tho Dlnubo off. It mm v/ithin a fow inliiutea of miiliiig-tlmo, mid fcJio ohoro Jinea woro nlrondy b/jJng lot go. Blank ivno on tlook, amlling und happy. ' Gboi-hva, old. man,' orlod tho frlond, (hwhltyf nwonrtl mid uotelng hla lwmd. I'JSvarybhinRftH xlgMj got ev«irytihiii« t' ' llight for onco, I think,' was tho reply. 'Got tickotu, cuah, draft on London, deck chair, luggage, ovorything.' ' Good,' n»id tiio otlior ; ' and now tvhero'ii tho wifo and youngsters P Thuy'ro hauling up tho gangway; I've only juat got t?mo to slmko linnda uud got ashord.' ' Groat Ciosar !' oxclaimed Ulank, fulling on to a skylight with u dull, thud ; ' I think they're up ufc homowating for nio.' Thoy hud inducod Iiiin, niuoh ngainob Ilia Ytill, to comi! forward and nay u few ivorda in favor of tho candidate. IIo wan loan and awkward, and tho dust of tho paddock whoro ho had boun hoeing maizo wan ntill vitii|jloon hin coiiancksi. Iloadvancod to tho odgoof tho platform, noarly foil over among the audience, and bitched norvounly buck again. ' Gontlomun,' ho aaid, 'Inovor niado n, opcocli before in my life. [ don't know botv to niulco a fjpoooh. To bo candid with you, gontloiuen, uu I stand boforo you now my puiita aro rattling like tho leavoa of ft upottod gum troo.' Tho judgoii in divorco aro frequently called upon for a. dofiuitiou of tlio word ' cruolty.' It atioins thut a man may bo divorced by his wifo on thoso grounds if ho oiiuckn hor ilrut houoyinoou calco up, said act being cruolty under the moaning of tho Act, imimnucli im that tho woinan'H foolinga are lacoruted and torn and rippod up. It iu not cruolty to knock n wifo down mnolf dofoueo if uho iu coming at you with tho yard axo, hut if you aro dodging tho carving knifound Imppon to bring tho coffoo urn over tho tuiuuua and scald her you might bo guilty of cruolty in tho Bocond dogroo, and if it happened that thoro woro n majority of unmarried mon on tho jury and tlio injured petitioner could wotp juab at tho right psychological niomont you would probably Ijo mulct in poniiunont alimony and a bill of co.ita thut would muko tlio ghost of A Jew lawyer uriso in itn grave and crude ita kiiucklo bones for joy. ' Dourly beloved brethren,' Biiid tho back block paruon, cloKing tho book und lotting bin oyoii rovo like Buurchlighla ovor tho uhuflliug congregation, 'I lmvo buon ro quoutud novorul tiiniis during tho past month to pray for ruin. Under ordinary ctiouinutuuoori I iihould havo boeu only too glad to comply with tho ruquoot, but aa my uulary is now uix inonthn in arrearu, uud nil my nppoulo for settlement huro been rocoivnd without eliciting a ruKpoiiHo, I now ntato distinctly tlmt I will ofl'or up no appeal uut.il tiucli timu ivh tho arroani aro settled. Keeiproeity ia tho first of Christian virtueiij necurdingly, my ulti matum ia; 'No ualiiry, no ruin.' Tho uaual colloutiou will now bo taken up.' Ono Chinaman waa iiontonctid to ft nionth'u hard the other duy for fitouliiig anothor Chinainan'o inudiuiuo, 'J'ho Ohi neuo aro honeut among thomnolvoii, uud BuntonuoB like thuao ruooivo the approba tion of all tho pig-tailed tribe ; but if that Chow had utolon a bottle of modiciuo from u white mini ovory Chinaman in Woxford utroot would lmvo gono into court, blown out a mutch, and aworn solemnly that Ah iShuko wan in America or any whoro at tho timo ho waa licensed of being uftor tho medicinal booty. A poor husband tho otlior duy advertised iu ono of the morning puporu that ho would not bo rosponiiiblu forany dobts contniotod by hin wife. Tho following day tho wifo replied that an the liuiihund wuh nimble to got credit for hunoolf tlio notification was unnecouuary. Hut thiu llttlo bi|j of titfor tut hua boon boiiton by an ndvortiuomont in a Nutul papor juat to hand. Hero it In; — ' 1, Goorgo Downward, who waii fined 10a for boiug drunk, bog to return thaukn to William Ooorgo Downward for publicly notifying that I am in no way connected with him or hin family,' Advurtiaiug ia becoming a flno art. A Now Zealand editor has boon having troublo with tho French nation. IIo wroto a flaming artiolo doolaring thut Franco wan everlastingly disgrucud ovor tho Zolu affair, and fclmfc in fclrnt country thoy hadn't begun to know what juutioo mount — or ?\vorda to that offoct. Thoroupon (reports tho Auokland Odbkhvbu) tho captiuu and two oilloorn of tho man-o'-warlilurodcolded to tako tho honor of thoir country into thoir own ohargo and havo satisfaction out of itu incuutioHii dotruotor. Ho they camo anhoro in full war-paint, and, hioing them to tho Fronoli Consul, declared thoir inten tion to 'call out' lihn editor of tho papor and limlui him fight ono of them. With uomo dillloulty tho ofllninl remludod tho agitatod olllcora that thoy woro on Englifih noil, and that duelling waa contrary to tho law of thiu land. Well, thoy thought l,h ore was nothing to provont thorn l'roin Itoruo'trhipping tho oritlo of fchoir nation, and thin thoy announced tholr determina tion to do—tlio Ihroo of thorn, of oounio | iTurthor dxponttilatlon, howoyor, ronultod iu tholr holng penutaded to leturn to tholr nhip to think tho matter, ovor and noo whotlior thoy can't gofc an apology by looa violent inoivni). Thoy aro utill thinking I 