NOTES ON NEWS:. Is' it be' true to state, as many eminent political economists have, done, that to,, safeguard the welfare and interlieas of0' the infant portion of the community is the one true method of establishin`g and preserving the State,.then the commit tee of ladies and gentlemen who have just concluded their enquiries in 'con nection with infant mortality; are en titled to the thanks of allright-thinking" citizens. .It has long been evident-tlat.h the pernicious system. of "boarding out" children of tender years for a pecuniary consideration; has : resulte i in an increased infant mortality, often from wilful neglect;; and ,occasionally owing to circumstances, which have brought the criminal code- into actiori.'' It has been felt, and rightly so, . that the administration of the present Act, for the protection of child life, should' not be left entirely to the Commis sioner of Police and his satellites, whose want of experience on such, matters, and whose multifarious duties have resulted in a laxity which is becoming deplorable. Nothing short of a; thorough and periodical in+p ction of boarded-out and adopted cnildresiby female inspectors, who are traiiided';. nuraae._instrao or,ni,,t-. atipcscit;y.b memters of the poSi forer; iw',is'en-'-รท sure the complete safety of the tiny' toddlers. bMr. Chomley, too, in his" report upon the matter, comes to the help of the Committee with an excellent suggestion, namely, that the system of paying a lump sum for adoption should be rendered illegal, and that the money should be handed to the Commissioner of Police, or other responsible person, who would pay the nurse in instalments. In this way there would he no incentive to the nurse to neglect the child : on the -ontrary, it would be to her interest to see that it lived as long as possible. It is easy to detect a fault, but not so easy to prescribe the remedy. Still, if these sugoeetions are handled by a skilful Parliamentary draftsman, and are rigorously enforced when duly en acted, they will go far to remove: one : of the most crying of latter-day evils. The establishm.,nt of a Scottish volunteer corps in our midst is, it appeais, likely to have more far-reac? ing consequences than was at fir-t anticipated. Racial rivalry, i :a characteristic of the nations which go to form the United Kingdom. The Scottish kilts and pipes have aroused the national "poetic" spirit of Welsh men, a' d we are actually. threatened in the near future to one of thso strange festivities which the inhabi tants of the Hme prnecipality dignify by the name of-an Eisted.tlf"d. The peculiarities' of 'this nationalu.: festivity should' prove san eye-opener for the native-born Australian. To attempt to describe its idiosyncracies would'tax the ingenuity of a Phila. delphian philosopher. From the pencu linritires of dress, aloneoe_ia.one, on, -lti'ih?e--toF--?y l that Apollo himself wduld never know these children of song for poets. He might take them for gentlemen coming from a Turkish bath ; or for practical jokers caught masquerading as ghosts in white sheets and hoods; or for Christian, as in old times, wreathed with flowers and vege tables, to.be burned at the stake or ex posed to wild beasts. As a matter of sheer fact these respectable mummers, who play so conspidious a part in an Eisteddfod, are budding "bards'" of the most-ambitious type; but to those injudicious, but practical, whose souls are notattuned to Welsh mousicand poetry, such goings on'will probably, for a time at any rate, be deemed utter tomfoolery, especially if they are not informed at once that the principal figure in the procession of "bards " is not a Welsh Guy Fawkes, or a strayed reveller from some Bacchanalian car nival, but no.less a personisge, in spite of his absurd wreaths and ridiculous garb than an Arch-Druid: of. the Isle of Britain. Altogether one awaits with some interest the verdict of Aus tralian critics upon the first attempt at a Welsh Eisteddfod under the Southern Cross. .The peripatetic philosoper, who occasionally astonishes his fellow citizens by the sanity of his views, has at last succeeded in immortalising him self anent " the growing evils of cycl ing." Following some pertinent re marks upon its general evils, he laconi cally remarks that not infrequently " out of evil cometh good," and he arrives at the conclusion that it is fast curing tiat curse of modern life; the overcrowding of cities. ,; Most people? ride into the country, and" those who" < do not are qsickly polished- off' h the' scorchereis :: . America .is alwaye to the fore in' "liekint creation." Apart from her warlike explits in the Pacific, her' more peacefully inclined leg'sla ors have put up a new record in taking in hand thb "crouching cyclist." If we are to credit. Anericn files to han! the 'C -mmissioner. of the district of Colombia." whoever t -ese puicetilions. grey- beards may be--fr ou? kinow ledge of 'Yankee geography, and of the details of, her local government. is but a broken reed-have taken' in 1 hand the shapeless' cyilist, "whose Scounterpart is such an offence to the beauty of our own roads and streets. 