Oiir Portrait Gallery. Savonarola. A NEW LIFE OF THE GREAT REFORMER, THE GLORY OF FLORENCE. CATHOLIC OR PROTESTANT? Thoro are few inon about whom so much has boon written as about Jerome Savona rola, the groat Dominiaan proaoher, , tho stoadfast friend of fr'eodon ana religion, and the glory . of , Moron oo and Italy. The splendour of .his lifo, tho greatness of his reputation, tho marvellous power of olo ' . quonco, and gnnius by which ho ruled Senates and swayed a noldo and oaprioious people, and abovo all, his terrible tragic end have now for 400 years given an inspiring theme to poot, historian and romanoist. , From his namo and his momory, as from a mighty source, has sprung a mnjoatio stream of litoraturo that sooms only to ever and over widen and doopon with tho revolving years. Writors of ovory kind — some dull, ignorant, malignant ana projudiood, Homo brilliant and appreciative and penotrating, havo seized on this groat man and dopioted him, as thoir fancy or interest diotatod — as a fanatio, impostor and turbulent intriguer, or as, tho ombocliinont of, oyory high and noble .quality, of ovory Christian virtuo — as a saint and a martyr., Four oonturies havo ?'?'. passed and gono ainoo, llko tho worst of malofaotors, on tho 'Piam clolla Siguoria' in Moronoo, his body suspended from a vilo gibbet, was burned in tho presonao and amidst tho plaudits of a vas,t multitude of people. Tho ohiof aoC6,rB — princes, noblos profatos — in that appalling ? tragedy have long since mouldui'oa to tho dust. Tho factions thoy arouaod, tho pni'ty watch ?,' words and cries, tho iloroo strifo and tho 1, - * rage of conflicting interests are now but fooblo oohoos of tho past. Tho Republic of Floronco is only a memory and the groat family of the Modioi— with all its wit, ologanoo, refinomont and cruelty—has long since boon gathered into the lumber-room of tho storehouse of tho doad. Passion has sub sided, and now looking back dispassionately at Savonarola and his tomos it is possible to form a just idoa of this wonderful man and the work that ho accomplished. This is what tho Rov. Father J. L. O'Neill, O.P., of tho Dioooso of Boston, has with brilliant success' attempted in a volumo that ho has rooontly oaused to bo published in oonnoo tion with tho fourth oentoriary of tho exoou tion of Savonarola. It is a mastorpiooo of biography, , For tho gonoral reader this work will suporsedo ancfronder unnecessary all that has hitherto been written about tho groat preacher,, Tho author in tho plainost and most simple language and with rigid' impartiality boldly submitting, to facts and truth tolls tho: story of tho lifo of his hero. Nothing that, is essential to tho clear know ledge of Savonarola and his oontompoi'aries ho omits,, while a suporfluous word or line will bo sought in vain, in his book. It is a fascinating work executed' with 'groat dramatic power. Reading it ono would think that ono was living amid tho thrilling scones it so vividly dopibts. Savonarola pnssod his innooont ohildhood and jjrow into boyhood undor tho care of aflbotionatb paronts whom ho tenderly loved. No sooner, however, had reason awakened within him than looking out on the world he shuddered and trembled at the enormous crimes and the- revival of Paganism that he saw around him, A cry of indignation went out from his young soul, In (crude verses that he entitled' On the Ruin of the World,' and ' On the Ruin of the Church,' he early showed the depths of. his soul, his love of justice and virtue, his unbounded enthusiasm and his inveterate antagonism to wrong and crime. Disgusted with the world, in his 23rd year he proceeded .to Bologna, and asked the Dominicans to per mit him as a lay brother in' their monastery to seek the peace and happiness that sprung from a life of solid piety and virtue, They gladly received the enthusiastic young novice; but. realising his gifts and ability, they insisted on his becoming a priest, 'x Prayer, fasting and rigorous mortification here for seven happy years filled his days, while his modesty and obedience won the admiration of the community. After.a short time spent in Feorara, the city of his birth, he was sent by his superiors to St. Mark's, Florence, the city that was to be the theatre of his glory and his triumphs as well as of his humiliation and barbarous execution. From the pulpits^pf Florence, his burning words pierced like shafts of lightning the souls of the citizens, and they' reeled and staggered beneath the onslaughts he made on their worse than Pagaa crimes. It was the day of the pride and power of the Medici. Lorenzo the Magnificent ruled the Republic, which he had plundered of every trace of freedom and virtue. His idle hours he passed in deifying the glories of Pagan ism, or in writing the most lewd and im moral songs. To corrupt 'that he might totally enslave the people was the aim of his life. , ' . « .' Against him and his successor, Piero' de Medici, Savonarola hurled the thunder bolts of , his righteous ' indignation. He realised that even, the highest position places none above the laws of the Almighty; and he rebuked the. crimes of princes and prelates with the same vigour and force with which' he rebuked those of the meanest peasant. As, however, the Redeemer's seven-fold pronunciation of woo against the wicked rulers of His time — ' Woe to you, Scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites' — was but the prelude to Calvary, so Savonarola's fearless denunciation of crime in high places piled up -the faggots that were soon to envelop his body in flames. 'He had preached against them,' says Father Proctor, an English Dominican, 'he had spoken openly of their sins ; he had said with the Baptist, ' It is ,not lawful.' Like Herodias, they would be content with nothing but his head, and his head, they received.' His enemies, maddened' with fury, intrigued against him in Rome and maligned him with the Pope. Sum moned before Alexander II. in a moment, aa omij uiiu uiuou CVUIUJ.U, ui J.UI/U1 lUSUUBoa he refused to appear. One false step induced another, and later he questioned the validity of the election of Alexander, ? and when tho Pontiff pronounced sentence of excommunication against him, he thought that he was not in conscience bound to obey him. Thus at war with the Pope1, and with a powerful faction at Florence, hungering to take his life, the end could not be far distant. Authorisation soon came from Rome to place him on his trial, which at that time meant to torture him. 'We shali not linger,' says Father O'Neill, ' oyor the agonising details ; a summary of the ' proceedings will be sufficient. Broken with illness and labour, his originally dolioate constitution having yielded to tho austerities and toils which he had imposed upon himself, Savonarola was led bofbro his judge. He had' already been questioned in an informal way. Again, according to tho brutal code of the. time the torture was applied. Fiendish Indians dancing in savage joy around their scalped victims deserve our- applause when con trasted with tho oivilised legislators of those days who disgraced Christianity and human ity by their ingenious cruolty in dealing with aoousod porsons.' The trial draggod on for days during several of which the emaciated body of the unhappy victim that had spent himsolf in, the sorvico of religion, and in defonding the freedom of his country was stretohod upon the rack. Tho Papal Com missioner at length arrived to 'degrade' the Friar, and to hand him over to the secular authority for exooution. ' Never in human aflairs,' says our author, ' was there a viler prostitution of justioe, never ,,was there a more infamous outrage in the name of law.' Were Savonarola all that his worst enemies painted him, yot the savago manner of his: trial arid oxeoution must brand with* otornal disgrace all who had anything to do with it,, On May 23, 1498, he was hanged and his body burned for the alleged orimes of heresy and' schism. He had long ex Sooted the end, and ho was prepared for it. 'he morning of his exooution he offered up the Adorable Saorifioe of tho Mass, and aopeptod rovei'eritly a 'plenary indulgence from tho Pope. He ut'tered pot a word either in accusation or defence. The moment was too solomn. His body -soon dangled from tho gibbot, the flames seized on it, and in a few momonts all that re mained of the great reformer and preacher was a trifle of ashes. The author riddles to pieces the absurd contention of those who maintain that Savonarola was the precursor of Luther ; a reformer he waB, but he deBired only a reformation in morals, He nevBr called in question a single doctrine of our holy , faith, and though, for special reasons, and ?. this was the great mistake of his life, he believed that he was justified in disobeying the authoritative decrees of Alexander VI., . yet there was no more, ardent supporter of the authority and rights of the Holy See. Hia great Catholic work, ' II trionfo della croco,' remains an eternal monument of his orthodox piety and of his genuine faith. While Savonarola was being executed in Florence, Martin Luther (in the North) was pursuing his ecclesiastical studies, , and walking with buoyant and firm steps on the paths of piety. It is not necessary to in vestigate the claims of Savonarola to the title of prophet, or to enquire whether his visions were the effect of an over-wrought delicate nervous system, or were the result of special communication from Heaven. ' These things must ever remain involved in doubt and mystery. Without being a prophet, however, anyone could foretell that nothing but evils and disasters could come from the relaxation ^of discipline that pre vailed in the Church in the fifteenth century, and the spirit of Pagan luxury and culture that had seized on those who should have given to the people the example of sincere hristian lives. Had they, instead of exe cuting Savonarola, listened to his admo nitions and profitted by them, the awful ' '' . revolution and upheaval brought about some years later by the renegade monk Luther, ' ' might never have taken place, and the ' . world might have been spared all the miseries that have flowed, and are still flowing from, that terrible event. Since his death Savonarola has been , revered and honoured by saints and Popes. St. ' Philip Neri— another great reformer, cherished his memory with special devotion and ever kept a picture of him in his room. ? Pius IX. contemplated placing him among the saints honoured by the Church, a justifi cation of his life' and of his great work that may yet be in store for him. His name is' dear to the people, of Florence who have been accustomed to repair on the anniversary of his execution, to the spot that first caught his ashes, and place there flowers and other tokens of their affection, and pray for his soul. The fourth century of his death was the occasion this year of great demon strations in his honour, and was the reason why Father O'Neill wrote the work under review. The times in which Savonarola lived are happily gone. A kinder and more humane spirit now pervades humanity and the ruler that would needlessly torture now even the lowest or the most' degraded criminal would be execrated by the human race. This happy change is due to the-fact that great men like, Savonarola lived, laboured and died for truth, justice and liberty. ? ? ': \ .' Marlier, Callanan and Co., Boston are the publishers of Rev. Father, O'Neill's book, which they have given to the public in a beautiful and most artistic form. It should command an immense sale. t I ? , A man has no more right to say an un- , oivil thing than to act one ; no more right' to say a rude thing to another than to knock him down. — Johnson. While one German author has just pub lished threo volumes on the study of the greatest German of the oentury, another has - devoted exactly the same amount of printer's ink and paper to a treatise on—the mouths and chins of women. Like Jean Paul Ritoher at the beginning of the ce'ntury, ' ' - and Mr. Marion Crawford in our own days, this student of his kind asserts that you oan tell a person's charaoter by no other features than the mouth and ohin. ? Particularly is this tho case whore women are concerned. ? The following is an extract from1 this deeply interesting work : — ' The . round, soft, ' . dimpled ohin indioatos a feeblo will and oraving for pleasures and frivolities. It also shows love of musio and dancing. It is. a sign that its possessor is a bad manager, good-natured, not altogether . unpractical, but caprioious and sulky.' Moral to men : Give preference 'to sq'uare, heavy chins, un affeoted by tho ghost of a dimple'. ' There are pages upon pages dealjng with the qualities of the head and the heart, denoted by the size and shape of the ohin. Among, , ? the chins to bo striotly avoided; must be t. , counted the 'following, though at first sight ' ?? it seems as innooent and guileless a feature as the ohin of a china doll :— ' Tho small,,,* mobile, daintly protruding ohin denotes a strong but oaprioious will. It shows more imagination than heart, a desire of taking a prominent part in the vanities of tho world. . - It is a mixture of sentimentality and good sorise. It is whimsical and jealous. Jt will make unhappy the lives of those with whom it has to live, but it will do well for an k ambitious man's wife, as ' its * owner will fasoinato 'and make a good hostess,' Briefly, the owner of this ohin seems to. belong to the category of women who are, , . ' according to tho old ? adage, ' street angels but home devils.' 