PEERYB1NGLE PAPERS. An old friexal of mine sends me v.'hat he coils an anagram, over which he is obviously chuckling. . X am not ashamed to confers that at ilrst I was ttot quite certain nu to what an anagram- was, so 1 turned to my dictionary, and then I remembered. Everybody knows the game, tn which you" arc given .a word, and told to construct nhother word or short sentence out of it. It scents that in. former times importance was attach ed io them, hy I'lato amongst other people, on the ground that there was some relation of them to tho character or destiny of the persons from whose names they were formed. Whether this Ih so In the ease of my friend's anagram. J must leave It to others lo decide. Any how, the view proved correct enough In the anagram composed upon the natne of Florence Nightingale, which was. "Flit On. Cheering Angel." Having af forded Mils explanation for the boned t of people who are no wiser than I was at, tlrst, I may present my ftTend'n ana gram, merely premising that It is only intended a» a harmless joke, and has no offensive moaning. He lias discovered that the word Federation can in- nn»- gratnmed (that ought to lie a dictionary word. If It Isn't) into "One Fat Held." And lie further presents It as "Fat Held Won." But I don't think cither Plato or Socrates would approve of a phonetic There t not a more kindly-naturcd or more truthful man In the "Force" than Constable Strickland. Therefore, when lie says Unit there nro dower sellers In Swanslon street who can -sometimes tnukc twelve shillings a day. It is as Hie dictum of the Mikado. Taking an aver age jxt week, H would probably mean about ten bob a day. Be it so. That is nearly tlic pay of "Captain Jinks, of the Horse Marlmc." and no "lmrni to feed upon corn and Iwtns." - Why. then, should I labor and toil fhe»c hard times with a van to keep in order and a horse 10 fowl before I can put a penny in my own pocket, when there in mich a (leid open to ine? Perish the thought, No, J will dye my moustache, cultivate a foreign accent— not Dutch— sing "Santa Lucia " through my nose, and offer for sale the joyous Jonquil, the modest violet, nnd the blooming boronla in defiance of all that Ham nnd Co. or Chambers and Seymour may say to the contrary. So long as I keep moving Strickland will not- Inter fere with me. "For ho himself has said It," and, what Is more, "it's" greatly to his credit. Mnsler Stanley Evnna, of North Mel bourne. nged ten years, has told the po lice n strange story. There is nothing about Casslm Baba. or a cave of Jewels in it, but Bier Is something like a giant. For. iu Mnkter Stanley was returning from a visit to his aunt, with Hie com paratively large sum of twelve nhlllingn In hln Twcket. a middle - nged man of Herculean proportions suddenly advanc ed upon him. swung him over his shoul der, after true bandit fashion, carried him off to n neighboring cowshed, nnd there quietly, but firmly, deprived him of his money, adding insult.to Injury by the ferocious remark that he was so»ry the boy himself was not negotiable." There is sad truth In this remark. A boy of ten Is not negotiable— I never yet heard of anybody who wanted to adopt one. You might, lf he were remarkably fnt or thin, or If be had ten toes on ono foot, hire him out to a waxworks or a circus. But if ho lie un ordinary hoy. ns a negotiable medium ho is worthless. You couldn't even raise a bath bun or a drink on him. lie Is neither a thing of beauty nor a joy. You can't put him up to auction. No constable would take him In satisfaction of a distress war rant. You can "endorse" him— with a caw— but he is still ot "no account." Tf prelernaturally sharp, nn A.N.A. debat ing club might do something with him. But In ordinary life he Is simply a nuis ance, too young to be told tn "stop on the burning deck." and ton nld to be sent below to turn in with the bnbtes. That Mr F. J. Slncock has nn faith In otir present method of dealing with drunkenness is, to me, ami many others, a matter of Indifference. The problem ban puzzled society for ngos, and will continue to do so till the rnllennlum. As a matter of fact, there Is no mout more repentant than the drunkard himself, especially when n recuperative bramly- nnd-sodn Is not handy. But when Mr Slncook says that tho whole stuff und paraphernalia of tho Mansfield Gaol nro maintained to watch and look after a dally average of one prisoner, ho be comes practical, and tho mutter wants looking Into. As for the statement that there an 7500 male prisoners In our1 gaols to 1?00 women, well. It Is credit able lo the gentler sex that they are In the minority. At tho same time, that a governor and five or six warders should be kept to look after one prisoner. Is paying the latter too much attention. I want to meet Mr Shoppco, tho Mayor of Bnllarat, Shoppoe of the umbrella, who, side by side with the General, stood dauntless on the mullock heap when Hie decisive charge was made at the battle of Biillnrat. He is a man of humor. Humor of the practical kind, without doing Injury to anyone. lie wouldn't hurt a Ilea, much test a noisy brother councillor. Therefore, ho Is only humorous when he says that lie will load up tho begging Gipsies that are coming ,to town In two furniture vans, und dump them down In front of the Premier's house, at St. Kllda. He knows that Sir George, though lie Is tho soul of economy with Government money, Is of a free and. lavish disposition private ly, and Hint his heart will luni with warm sympathy towards the wandering Bohemians, whether they come from the cedars of Lebanon or the groves nf ThosHuiy. He would be genial even to a Turk. Mr Styles, of Wllllamstown, may bo an excellent engineer and a fair average specimen of the genus member of Par liament. But, tu one of the Standing .Hallway Committee, or whatever else it is called, lie is simply wildly hilar ious, not to say poetic. According to his Idea the figures and statistics fur nished by the officers of the Hallway de partment only Show thut tiiey ure not "grammarians." Jle might us well say that they are not poets. Had he said that! they wore not vcrsyd in the otl art of "grunmrye" I oouhl understand him,' for if over anything was over like "wliiie magic" it is a railway time- table, let alone the more abstruse calculations which the department occasionally fur nishes for the liewilderment of the gene ral public. But why '.'grammar"?" The great Coker himself didn't shine, much in that direction, und 1 defy even' the ghost of Nelson to see much literary and.grummnticut stylo In Napier's loga rithms. The inout iitnuaing part of- It Is thin the style of Rtylcs himself na evinced In his statements and Intorrogu. torlcs, comes rather us a surprise.' upon the students of ordinary grammar if there lie such. He Is like a man I know who, so long as ids '"predicates"— -.in lie calls them— are, in his opinion, right, doesn't care whether the remainder of his sentences are " lupsntteerlc" or otherwise. As for the rnlhvny people, nn effort to combine good grammar with arithmetical correctness might only tnukc matters worse ihnn t hey are. Dot Is getting on a bit in ycars.Hiough you mustn't tell her I said so. and. al though we are not wealthy people, I have a few pounds In my chest. Ho am; day I suggested to Dot that it might cheer up the house if wo two old people wore to have a young face about the house. That was my diplomacy, you see. Dot didn't see It. Shu said: "We have been young together, John, nnd wo can grow old together comfortably, Hureiy?" So, of course, i hail to come to the point. . You can't deceive a good woman. And, after lathing the matter over, Dot admitted tlt.it she sometimes found the house-work n bll heavy. Ho we got a young girl to come in nnd help. Now. as you know, butler nnd inilk have been u bit expensive this year, ami care- ful Dot luta been economising by using both condensed ami concentrated milk. And, upon the supplier of thes.' delicacies arriving at the house one morning, both Ite nnd Dot were somewhat taken ubnek on hearing the domestic remark: "We don't want no consecrated milk to-day. Miasms says she's got plenty." H was tho lack of education which made, poor Bridget put The Sign of the Cross upon | this milk. JUIlci t r.hUl ISIhGLL. (From "Tbe WeckJr Times." 120 tU Aug.) 1 