SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898. Does anybody really want to inter- view a ghost, even the ghost of his dearest friend? Should we really wel- come the vibrations of an audible whisper reaching us suddenly out of unseen realms, or wait, with delighted expectation, for a spirit to "material- " ise" itself out of the thin air? This is the question which has kindled a half- amusing, half-tragical correspond- ence in the London press, and, as might be expected, the most wildly opposite opinions, all in the most ab- solute accents, are expressed on both sides. Mr. W. T. Stead, who finds one world insufficient for his energies and so has opened communications with another, reports with much disgust that most of his acquaintances betray not merely a frivolous unwillingness to listen to "messages," real or sup- posed, from the other world; they betray an unfeeling joy at the circum- stance that such messages are, as they think, impossible. They would not, if they could, have the silence that laps round the material universe broken even by the voices of their dearest. The share, in brief, Shakespeare's conviction, that "stone dead hat no " fellow." It is assumed, by a pious conventionality, that we are all anxious to hear "the sound of a voice " that is still." Mr. Stead had dis- coverd that this is, for most people, a mere hypocrisy. The majority of human beings, he is convinced, would feel absolutely aggrieved and annoyed if the dead whom they have loved and lost were to be placed in real communi- cation with them again. This view is expressed by some of Mr. Stead's correspondents in startling fashion. One, for example—a lady, and a good Roman Catholic too—ex- presses in good frank English her dis- may at the prospect of "having to fuss " round about people and things in " the next world after you had got " done with ii all"! Another—"a worthy " old Scotch pastor"—writes that he " would be sorry to think of any con- " nection between the visible and the " invisible. If a relative of mine," he says with Scottish plainness, "were " brought into any such relation I " should profoundly feel that it was " desecration of the sacred and saintly " dead." Another correspondent says: —"Few sons have been more devoutly " attached to a mother than I was to " mine, but if I were to know that by " shutting myself in, and inducing a " state of mental coma, I should be " brought into communication with my " mother's spirit, I would decline the " attempt." Perhaps the most plain- spoken opinion of the whole series is one from an energetic correspondent who says, with more emphasis than grammar, "I believe in a spiritual " world, but I am thankful that this " world is for the present silent. If " they take to interviewing and adver- " tising themselves they will fall far " lower than Milton's devils, and will " not be worth listening to on any " topic." Mr. Stead, in brief, accumu- lates a considerable body of evidence in support of the theory that if postal communications with the next world were opened up, the revenue derivable from it, no matter how low the rate of postage, would be of quite microscopic proportions! There is, of course, a chorus of opinions equally emphatic, and per- haps a little shriller in tone, on the other side. The London "Spectator" may be taken as the exponent of this view. The ancient horror of com- munications with the dead, it says, has almost completely died out. The mood of the modern mind is essentially curious, and its curiosity knows no limit and no fears. The longing which sent King Saul on his ill-fated vist to the witch of Endor burns like a pas- sion in the present generation. It is the impulse which has created modern spiritism, and keeps it in existence in spite of countless vulgar frauds and detected impostures. There are multi- tudes, says our contemporary, to whom the very idea of disliking to see a ghost is nonsensical. There is nothing they so much desire to see. The vision for them would be "a rapture, an new force " born in the brain, a palliative for all " mortal ills." They might be fright- ened by the interview, but they would cheerfully face the fright. The ex- perience might perhaps leave ordinary life too flat, but they would gladly pay that price and encounter "the new " pallidness of all around them, the " lowered tone of every colour and in- " terest in life, without a sigh." For many this longing is bred of unsatis- fied an sorrowing love. For other it has a graver root. They want to have finally settled the question of whether there is another life or not, and whether in that other life there is a persistence of identity. This is exactly the doubt which fills the minds of mul- titudes with an ache; and one whisper out of the eternal silence might solve it. For men do not dread death; they hate the thought of annihilation, or of the eternal loss of consciousness. I oi ouiselves ive do not doubt tint the dollie to Intel view n ghost evon of the .lost hainiloss habits and fiiemllj disposition Is a vcij îaie sentiment ¡mil foi this theie aie nnnj le.sons good and bid feoiious minded people In the main hold the belief tint tin? veil which hides the iio\t woild vns ineaiit to be impeuetiiiUli it would in ike eteuiitj itselt conimonphce if am cneless hand nt will could drnv its veil aside and so satisfv a pccpl_B putiosih It would unsettle nil the business of this woild if the bound ur which divides It fiom the next were too thin nul so ghostlv glenns wup contiuuallj bieaking In on us lhere is an obstinate instinct mid an instinct as health} as it is obstinate which íecolls fiom contact with beings In i iliffcient state of existence lo om own Of spliitist seances table i appin; planchette willing and othei woila communieitions gencinllv it ninv lie «aid to quote Hamlet tint vv iv lind less lies Hie spluts, it inn he aiided who do thioii^h the medium of table legs attempt communication willi this woila have appueuth sitlUieil 011 the o\ ldeliee of theil ovv n conumiul citions an almost eutlio bmliiiptiy of both intelligence and gininni n Nothing Indeed could do mon to destiov the w liolcsoino and oiinobliug iwo that fences lound the whole ic ihn of the unseen w01 Id thin the mes sages which make up spit hist litontute God alike in love and wisdom Ins stietehed between the i cairns of life and death n silence biolicii bv no whlspeied voices n veil that bailies ctnlositv It is both a wise mil lev clent act to accept tint milln ance It is tiue that love plundered bv death often longs foi the touch of u vanished linud " But if nu seiious ittompt is mule to i enlise exictlj what that longing means and whit would be the lesult of its gratification It would bj anj healthv and îeveient mind bo Instnntlj abandoned Whv should wo qunnol with the esseutlil conditions of life"" Mav not lov e itself glow loftiei and pmei mid glin a sort of ennobling patience bj tile discipline of silence the education of vvnltlu_'' Whether it be a sign of exhaustion or increasing energy the tendency of modern fiction to range outside this world for plot and incident is a phenomenon to be taken note of. Novelists who in the mid-century almost invariably adopted a common place domestic background for their plots, presently took to diving far back in history or penetrating to the ends of the earth so as to dress their narratives in unfamiliar garb. Now vaulting am- bitlon, or despair of striking new sen satlons upon this globe has launched them into planetary space. In saying this we have in mind no isolated literary exclusion. One recent writer has sailed the seas of Saturn; no fewer than, three—of whom the late Mr Du Maurier was the first, and Mr H G Wells is the last—have boldly opened communication with the planet Mars. It would be absurd to believe that the earth is so scarred and worn by the footsteps of romancists that no fresh tracks can be marked out. In reality this leap into the unknowable pro bably indicates a desire to coin sensi tious cheaply and lazily. For that reason a large percentage of these astronomically inspired fiction flights are pretty certain to eventuate in crass failure. Only the few writers like Mr. Wells, who can link audacity of imagination with extraordinary vivid narrative power, are likely to really gain the ear of the public. Even with them it is by no means certain that the craving to which they minister is a wholesome one. Mr. Wells, it is becom lng more and more evident, owes his success not merely to his ingenuity in stimulating fantastic speculations in the domain of science, but largely to his power of depleting the gruesome the abnormally horrible. The one characteristic is quite as prominent as the other in his latest tour de force, a pretended chronicle of an invasion of this earth from Mars. The quasi- scientific part of the idea re scmbles the fanciful but innocent romancing of Jules Verne. Mr. Wells however is equally trading upon the longing of the novel lending public to sup full of horrors like the ferocious painter of the Revolution, he is splash lng on more red. He sets himself to tell of "bloody and unnatural acts ; Of accidental judgments, casual slaugh ters; Of deaths put on by cunning and forc'd cause." This the morbid note which rendered "Dr. Moreau's Island" a shocking rather than a readable book, is domi nant also in the Martian fable. Never theless the agile fancy of this excur slonist into tho preternatural is dispos lng seriously-minded people to accord Mr. Wells a respectful hearing, quite as though he were the prophet of a new scientific faith. The utterly changed direction which our ideas of evolution would take If the Wells doctrine were gravely accepted is the point brought home most forcibly. Mars is a planet 35 million miles further removed from the sun than this earth. It is much mor e advanced in its cooling process and may have been habitable aeons before the lowest forms of life could exist here. Such speculations have led various writers to dream of the in inhabitants of Mars as a race of dazzling beings endowed with intelligence far li vi nd Hint whh li linn Ins ut " lalnid \n HU Hill' ullin st - 1 lilt p ison lilli is lh M uti in is lilthuto i vdv d In lh I" il""< ot vlsiomiiiis Ali ^ills wins pi o\ in i It Is to st nth is not so dill li ' u undi mil II» Hu 0I i ll M,lui lin lu mulls but It Is ii smu iii illi uf lill Iii el itih dil sud uilU li moiiilltv ns mil ist »ii mu w, i»>" Uni Mu Ilnl'l'i squid 111 ( niu.isltrs win di se i tul ullin this i Ulli lu 1U,J(C llh s Iii ii li m Mus Inn n» mon svinpitliv I t «iii ma thin mini lor Hu lnsut In iiushts iiiuliiKol u H» uiliiinl hi div ouïs loi food H"' hist slii_( of exliillislldi whidi lo lis Is still lucí i dlhli i moll his 1» con» a pus ntilnv pioblun lo ti» mi»»'» ants ol Mais the Immediate pris "suie ol necissltj bus bi._liti.u-d 'their intellects enlarged theil «powers ind haulencd theil hearts ' But what are we asked to accept as the consequence of this postulate? Simplv that in theil development the Martians have run enterely, to brains The legless armless bulk covered with an oily gleaming integument, which represents a Martian's body is a mere receptacle for brains Even the hand the "teachei and agent of the "brain " has been supplanted by Gor gon-like clusters of tentacles Losing inilivldiuillj the power of swlft or easy notlon—or dlscardiug it as un necesiary—the Martlnus ensconce themselves as a dlirectiiig intelligence inside whatevei form of thenr won derfully perfcctcd michlueiy they choose to wear by way of body. They clothe themselves in mechanisms as man might wear a suit of tweeds, mount a bicycle, or seize an umbrella on a wet day. Now it is a gigantic hooded tripod 100ft high in which these weird visitants go stalking over the land, scorching up people and cities with a heat-ray miraculously gene rated and projected, or suffocating them by the discharge of a poisonous gas. Next it is a flying- machine, next a "handling- machine" which will ex cavate or construct or cast metal with a deftness and rapldity unknown to human workers. Thus the earth passes for a time under the domination of in vertebrate creatures, hideous and shapeless, who are ultimately de stroycd by one accident alone—they have no resisting power to tho micro- organisms the putrefactive and dis ease bacteria against which our systens have learned to battle. It is a boldly extravagant conception We need not stop to inquire whether Mr. Wells does not betray his own theory when be conjunctives that beings of this sort may have descended from a race not unlike what man is to-day. With the disappearance of the body and the digestive system in favour of the brain, these fabled Martians seem to have taken on many of the charac teristics of a lower instead of a higher form of life. The Martin nourishes himself still but only by sucking the blood of living beings, like the foul Vroucolaka of the Greeks. The ten tacle, with whatever marvellous dex terity it is informed, is not an advance upon the hand. If man lost the diges- tive apparatus, the power of motion without mechanical aid, and took to propagating his species by germinating or budding, like some of the lower organisms he would have sunk pitiably in the scale of creation as our intelligence reads the problem. The demand for this literature raises a far more interesting and a practical issue. Is Max Nordau right, and have we amongst us a race of writers and readers who are jaded, morbid, and decadent? Tim RMS Hiiiudnvn was reported as pie ins Cupe lioitli at 10 minute^ past 0 0clock list night She should tlieicfoio lcntli Vflclmdc this morning, muí the Mel bourne portion of her mails should bo avail able for dill« cr} on Monda) morning Air Allein mil Ah- Grilmni, Al Ia A s, vilio are supposed to represent the fiumeis, will hue to reconBidci then nttitudi toniriH leilenlion, otherwise thej inn k' tlieir position Yes erduj, bv special rerjne t u the Dun men's «.SMJCIJ t on tint nrdent federntioiiist, Mr Dpi) in M L \ , ntrodtiied a deputation of ihirjuvâii winch vviiUed'on the Mmistci DI Agriculture, «nil vv is the onlj Pilli i me inn lcprcscntulivc piescnt -\s it to eui his e trie po> don, Ali I-iveniet, 'n ic]lv iv comb lied the v eiv expressed bv (lie nieinlieis of Gippsland Jvartli and X11 mur] iii tint federation would reduce the v due eil our hulls l" ivoiltl, he saul, 111 e ne our export ti ide, und ho endorsed the ii.inn.iit, which Ins uppcuicd III oui 1 Ilium- tint it n whit the land cm he mile to eiin (lint determines It« vulue J lu 1 vho cvpies ed eonlt-irv vic«vs vvete li 11 le 1 onh t i'l nig 'moonshine," nn 1 uteni t ng to dnvv 11 red liciring jcioss the tu 1 ol leileritiou Hie tlcpttl-itio 1 e\ I 1 c 1 ipprov ii al these rein irks, and it 1 1 iv wondered on whoso behalf Air Al 11111 nail Ali (indi 1111 nie acting, ivlieii iii 1 t ill of issuing 1 111 mifeslo o 1 ' I ellet 1 t 11 linn a 1 irmci s Point of A ic 1 ' 1 1 Iv in the month Hie Almos deuiit 111 at istmntcd the gold v cid ia Aicloiin iur the lust oinilei of 1S98 at 17I,75io/, lut Hie letutns leecived from the mmmg 1 " trirs onlv iiccount for ¡14,ö~>"07, the I lleicnee icpieMMitmg gold winch linds its u 11 into the Almt md banks, of which the 1 , In s c_ct no retiiui 'J he Uindigo J sir et bernis the list vv th _0,()7JO_ , Ii ii 1ml is next with J0,4S0o¿, Beech iv otth .ellfcöo?, Gippsland 2J JUOo/, Casclcmiiim. liviüo?, Marjboioiigh 10,77(107, and AriiitS3l7oz As compiled with the cone pondi ig quarter of 1807, thcie VVJS an mereced vuM this voir of ]J,u70o7 Uicie «asan additiond output at Bendigo, Lh hern Billum»» ii, Maldon, Stilwell, Mnt loci iii«-, Mitti, and Kokewood Hie du dead» for the list qunitcr totalled titi tol, or mt increase of JLJ0,13S Wlnteicr fiiction existed between the Minister of \gricuUurc mid the Diurj men's Ai-ocntion oin the laving aside of the IX polled Products «ill ui the Legislative Council list session «t the suggestion of the « sociition ihaippcnied jcstcidav 'Hie as MC ttton waited on Mr 'luvcrnoi, and luirtih tlinnkcd lum for the liberal pohcj the (ateminent lind adopted tow lids tho 'li ung industij bv piomismg to erect ino dun colleges, willi good herds con I cue I ii ith Hiern I he need of tcelmicil ctlu II 11 was recognised hi nil conçu nul m the mlusliv Jnrtplving.Ali I iveinci tlinnked limn fin then e\|itcssion of npprccuilion of In» effmls lo uilvante the industii, nnd iroinistd that tho iidiniinblc Iodines ot «I- II \\\ Potts, of the luioi factorv, III lhe scienltlic side of diurv me, and buttel ni 11 in, would he continued Hie ilcputu tiiui then txpusscil their approval of the Iioiosd to eteit conimodniis cool stores ¡it the poit of hhipment in c iiiiicelion vnth the e\\]iort tink mid ui^cil Hut this vi ink f-lioultl be Inken 111 lund it onie While Mr 1 iveinci nindi it den lint he was le loiiniitndmg the Cabinet to piocccd with lhe building of the cool stoics he mille ited lint he ins hem. nsU 1 bv Ins eulie ie,ucs whit vvns tin. use ul the Government undei ti!ui" lins noll if it vicie not to e,et 1,0111c Hil lonliol 01 Ml] eivision ovu die cxpitt Dude in lillipilli li irciiliuls He iiddel tint wink |,e 1 , ht hue ilillnod with the i< üci ilion it utiles lu ice .¡.mw-it that thev «len ill noikiiii lui the one end-the e\ I numil of the millhill, and he dusted tint would assist cuh oth i to bung tint II out Jins Keon iii mon ptobiblv fote ?I' I ns tint tc'swillln I ii cn nest session I ellie lhe pis in. c1 11 lull which will ii I the ili.iit houtht bv the Goveinmcnt ul vii liston fium 1 I nine, iinv undue «I tul sin the vi iv of truie I h le tis (Ile |invile-cs enjoved bj » 1 linn I lillie 1 mi i"5 extended to the Ii ti ti/ as win eli ve ellis, um! the liineiv inli I ti lins coinpinv must he mimi 11» lind *,, it maw, tluv do " l' '« lil» liu mu it. inn »| cul thei <ue il m ,"l ,f , "mt ,s ) lied ,| 1, 1 m<-1 m 1 1 I nul di iib Jf me pin ile < . 1 m I Mell nine bul inn ovei lil I ile wah n th. hst lime vieels be ««Hill inn be standing Ins ti nil foi min v m ht 1 \ii«thui|' ibis coinpinv asks loi isilfine fn tiit.li> while the cibmcn-despite the action of Mr Tnvernei, who behaved lil e i iinu-had the gîtes of the cricket ground closed igunat them If the cibnien I ivue to unit about the ground like the | vehicle- of this compinv thev would be punished with the extre ne rigour of the hw -Ali T. L Lewis, in returning tlnnU fot the presentation mide lum hat night In the c ibmen of Melbourne and suburb Hie pissengers, ste eilore and lighter inna of the Í! Al ^ Onz-aba weie lnniled in the Qmrintine stition veoceiJaj, nul thev vv ill be kept tliere foi 16 div s A telegram lieceived je~terdav bj Di Giessvvdl f i oin Adelnde mt mates that Adelaide passenger, ne to be kept mulei supervision till nil dinger of contagion from the outbreak ol »nulli pox is past lormeilv letteis posted within the colaiij and tmdelvered were letuned foi one month before being sent to the De id Lettei Ofhee riio.e from other colonie« wei-e kept three months and those from foreign countnes six mouths- .new iiinngemeut lecentlv entered into will reduce the time foi the letcntion of i letotiin letters to one month, nnd foi nil othei letters to two months Good progtess 1» being mnde in connection with the leinstitement of the buildings do stioied hy the late lire in rimder-, lane and its vicinitv PI ins of niniij of the build ings are nlrcndv out, and L Stevenson mil Sins Limited nie now having competitive designs piepned It is the intention of tim coinninv to erect mote than one warehouse on then Dindeis lane frontage, and to pu«l» the buildings forward so as to be îendj for occupation bl the end of the jen V conference of delegates lrom the various trades ind labour councils m the colom his just concluded its sittings in Wellington (writes our Dunedin coires pondent on Apnl IS) Hie subject« dis cussed were of the nsinl in ture but one or two prncticillj new demands weie made One vi us that the Gov crament should bring in n minimum wage bill, tho rate favoured being 10/ pel dav foi hbourcrs It was also decided to ask the Government to es, tabhsh tailonng works m Wellington Stinting with the making of uniforms, it was hoped that the works would griduillv extend and lead to the estibbshnient of i bootfactorv nsvvcll It was not mide cleai whetlici the delegates hoped tint this would he the hist step towards the stite taking chaige of all mdustnes J he Go veinment anpeai to hive forwaided to the delegates drifts of the libour legislation which it is proposed to mtiodiice, but is tins was milked confidential ' the dele gites were um.thing but pleased at tins muk of confidence, pipfeirmg tint the ni it tei should be made public j It is becoming the fa-luon (snvs the Pius conespondentoitlit' Jlnh News") to think the stomach a convenient but liaullj o nece saij member Cises of people who no longet hnvc stomachs mc undergoing- sue cessfnllv the test of time Ceitninlj the stomach is not the doliente oignn people uied to think ii Di Doven lins just re poited to the A.-idemv ot Aledicme 140 «tomndial operations Iheie weie onív 12 failmes, und 20 of those weie in advanced cises ot cancer 1 ive"persons were operated upon in extieniis, anil died under the kmfp ii oin weakness, but lie did not pet form m am case the opoi ition of ablation He, however, bmsts of linvmg, between 1812 ind 1811 levolntioniscd tilt stugieal heit iu"nt of the stoiuieh The great thing in operating was, he said, to bo quick nbout it Cancer im_ht be oieicome it taken at an ciirlj st ige Within the pist seven venrs It ilv has lind two ' Concors-i di Nasi, oi nose competí lions (vîntes the ' Lnucet"), in which the otvnets of the feature received purea ne cowling as thcl could prcseht it in gtcnlcst perfection tis i égards tv pe, size bcautv,, and ol fact on power Hie foi mel of these Con son ' was held ni 1S01 at Padua At Aldan and quite lecenllj, a much bettet ordered and moie conclusive competition of the same kind has just come off, the whole pio ccedmgg being controlled bv n committee, mid tile examinations ' conducted HI n '.S i«otcn" fin nulled with drawings and watei colours of holds well piovidea with noses such ns would hnvc gladdened the ni tistic sense of \\\ llliam Hogarth Hie compelitoi s numbered ¡0 but not more than i1) nppcnicl before the examinéis" 'the hist pn/c (gold moil ill vna won bv a A encti in, Foi tímalo Miclueulutti bj naine a vcmioi of lucifer* whose nose vvns found to he of proporvtoiu inquietanti lungo, deciso u-dito, taglientc come una lamn di colttllo ' (formidable proportions, long, well pionounced, nggiessive, ti enchant like a knife blade) Mr John M Kenzie, Alinister of Lands, speaking at Inv ere irgill (waites our Dunedin correspondent), innoiinccd that the btttplui- for the jean was ¿470,000 Ile wild Hint, though the accounts for the vcar were not complete, the figures he had given might be tnken as npproximatelv correct Hie items which had exceeded the Iren ctirei s estimate weie -Onhnarj revenue, 1247 000, Customs, i.o'i.OOO, stamps £49 000, land and income tax £17,000, beet dutj, £0000, rulwovs, 1U1 000, mis cellnneoti- 1,17,000 tciutounl, 1-12,000 It mnv not be out of phee to point out lint if the. railwnvs were charged, as it is con stileied thev should be, with the £200 000 authorised fot rolling stock, iS.t, insteid of Ulta being clim.cil to cipilnl occoivit, a considerable difference would be nude Hie question of colonial contributions to the Imperial nnvj was igniii rinsed during the debite m the House of Commons on the niv\ estimates \s usual (observes otu London coiiespondent), Sn J C Colomb vvns insistent ni is,crlm_ thnt tile colonies did not j^mtnbtife their fnir sime tow mils the cost of Impcuil defence, mid lie nudo the g olcsquc suggestion tint copies of i i etui n showing the pioportiou of colonnl inv ni cxpendituie to the com merco ol the woild und to the cummcicc of the colontis should lmvo been »citteieil about the ships m which the colonnl le piesentntivea i une to nttcnil the Tubilet telcbiatioiis Air Goschen was judicious m his ie|)l>, a id professcifk optimistic Ile behoved that the idea hld taken loot thnt the colonies should toutribiito to the cost of Impel in! defence, mid he hoped it might giov to a vcij v cornus pi ml Su Chillies Dilke was not sitished with tins state mont, and complained that the Mmirtlti lind not made II vcrj determined attempt to comineo the Ptennet- of the extteme diihcuitj of mnintniniii-' the cxislmg ar ringenient Vdninal licld thought the .\diiui lltv ought lo take over the valunble dock consti noted at Auckland nt a cost of 1100,000, ul mi) i ite, the principle of making giants towards equipment -.c, of docks lind been nlicvdv iccogtnscd in the case of Halifax Ah Austen Clninbcilain Mini the Admiraltv hld the Auckland dock mulei consideration, hut he could not say what then decision would be A ga timing of n rather unusual chnrie tei took place nt Gtuiaivav s rooms- last evening, when 130 of the cabmen of "Mel bourne and suliiubs met foi the purpose of milking n piesentntion to Ali L L Lewis ns u slight lecogmtion of the strenuous effoits he had made on then behalf, not onlv logaulmg Hie election of cabmen's shelleis but in rcmcdvmg the nbusis undei w inch thev suffered J he than was taken bl Ah .liomin, AILA, who icmarkcd that cabmen weie probiblv the bindest woil ed nml the vvoisl tientcd class ot men in the coinimmiti 1 oi the one shekel that vvns lecentlv elected thev had to thank Ail 1-e vis as thej lind foi the woik ho lind been doing foi them foi j cat s Ali lliomlev added that it was "his intention to ititi mime n bill into Pirhatnent next session which would icmedv manv of thur M lev unces and lie behoved that the oppo Hilion winch lind been exhibited on ti for met occasion would not be lepentctl Air \\\ T Lee, the (hallinan of the dbmen s Li mon then made the piesentntion which (iiiiKistetl ol a handsome illuminated nd di ess to Ali Lewis and n silvci biscuit Killel lo Mis Lewis The Kev Di Aluishnll, Councillor Davev, and Mi M'Ciitne hnvmg nUo spokei in eulogistic tunis of the iceipieiit, Mi lewis thanked the iibnicu hcutilv und the meeting con iludid with tluec iheen foi lum Kegiriling the recent death if o number of v liuihk hniscs a. Warragul, Air Weir the dis net stock inspectât, has repotted tint (leith vvns diisul in tiloso iflsis where post mai tenis weie held bj internal pin ,itis suth ns the hot ilv, unking pcifori tims m the st nindi lliese pul isme tiniihlis weie nggt ivn ed bv influeiii-i Hie sunptoins UPI-» (ltilne-s and nie lill it ion to lill di in cong'i mil nuieoiH fiom the nos tills nml ev dills the nostrils liighh ml mud con,tip ilion, mil i tivenoiis ip lillie Hursts lint were led on hard food dom wile nit nl.ittod bli vvhue thev wen in pi hinds a | lint I no» li ii, II it Well w is i i h s i] mit li lisp ms He !0l mist ni th timinie is it hilborn, pu isitie hie Su ni heises til cu in time ucotcicl in hu n- di indi of inv hiisetd ul uni lui! cullin Hine iiiiiui 1, tint the hotses in lu di tuet he applied with lu ttei foul nil hlieltu otliuin e theie is lil civ to he flit tile i 1 ) sp \\( the undine nf the ( muni sim of the nun i ii \ssunlilv of the I'usln len in (hill i h i! \ letot i, ti ho lid 1 on lui I iv nt h ill p ist 7 p in i d i nig to tin in IUMII I Inn ot the ti lining institute tin di i m i,sis uni ndnusHiin ii illume n li illili tin Lev« the Mi dei Uni l.i Mu ?lull I ! M KI ii, nul W s Kill mil will ikhvu uliliesscs uni the J mi il Clilt di ellon will con lint a seivico of prnsi \ Colimo boom is expected m H Igiiini Hie viiliiup loiicspùiiiluil of (he I in lui "Dailj Mai) states tint active step» aie bem¿ taken bv one of the largest Antwerp shipping houses to ciisine the success of nu excursion to the Congo Tree State, which lc-ncs «.ntvverp in lune in time foi the ex ctirsionists to participate in the inaugura tion of the Congo inluij, the reahsuion ot II Al Stanlev » sine qua non to the future prosperitj of the couture Special trims will come) them from Matadi to Stanlev Pool, and an elephant huiu rtdl be organised up countij for tbei beneht The innugm-ition of the Congo raihvav is looked upon as an event in Uelg an biston, and the shares of the minn) compinv, which were as low is £18 tlnee .ears igo, are now ns high is £65 -ill liinncinl Belgium has clung to 'stnnliv's word«, vvlien he_ile elared to the King th it all the Congo Piee State would not be worth half a c own with out the rnlwaj to Stanley Pool " 1 be hoard appointed undei the 1 ».tones nnd Shops Act to lix the rate of pin to makers of vv omen s and girls underclothing met again last night it the Chief beere tnrv's oihee, and furthei discussed the log of prices It is exaccted that the hoard will slioith complete its work, mil will foi ward its repoit to the Chief feeiretui) At the meeting of the l'ndnin Council this week Councillor lurner complained of the vvint of proper police ptotcction it South lirra, lind stated that of the five co istables attached to the station three wcie on leave Ah Cbomlev, the chief commissionei of police, hi. called for i le port ou the matter Ah \Anldemai Bannon recentlv wiote to Hie Argus * complaining of Ah Stenhen Harket s conduct as eilan mm on the hrst evening of the debute m the Indes hall coined against the Commonwealth lilli, and palticularlv of his tieatment of Air Hamilton Al L V lo last nights meet ing of the Indes hall Council Ah Un non wrote di ni ing attention to those com plaints ngiunH the pres>dent, nnd appe ding to ' the honoiii of/the council to give lum satisfaction He fmther instanced the elim gc tint had been mide agiinst tile same gentleman of ciusing himself to be elected n representative of the tranmav em ploies bj unauthorised persons, tespect fullv submitted to the council thnt such icpeatcd tactics bv vour president ino de trnnental to the dignitv und honoui of vom cou ici!, ' and trusted thnt i resolution would be inried g ung him full sut sfaetion Ah Lawton \- I inov e lint the près dent ex plain' What1' exclaimed the pnsi dent, in such »tai tied tones thnt Ah Liu ton collapsed J be next facetious stigges tion bv a mcmbei tint the letter be le feued to the vinstepapet basket,' io assured Mi linker somewhat «ntl when it vins forniul'v moved bv Mr Stanlev, and seconded bv Ah Hilson, that the letter he on the table for one month, he had te gamed his natural calm Hie motion was carried At the onlinaty meeting of the rendes hal! h»t night Ah PiKon lenorted that the builders' lihourers, whose union lind been defunct foi a veij long time, hid agon loimed their union the membership so fal was not verv laige, but the movement had been taken up with some enthus asm Sn Ifenrj J A\ moa Ins been le elected n niembei of the council of the Lui ersits of .Melbourne without opposition The ladies' commutée of the Australian Health Societ) have arranged with Hi Chailes liage for the debtor) of a series ot afternoon health lectures in the Prihrin town hall Ihc follcnmg is the svllnbus ot the couise - Wediiesdov, Alnv 4, Alan and his Sitnotindnigs, ' Hu u, < Tooti mid Clotlnng/ Mav IS ' Ilcalthv and Un healthv Homes Maj 23 ' Infection and Disinfection," June 1, * Hie Cue of Chil dren Hie drills of the deilh of Alary Geoige, nn eldcth mun ted unman, who died at die Melhoiirie Hospital on Aloudiv list, uh 1st under chloroform, weic fuuliei investi RaiT >e«t»idiv bcfoie the Civ Coioner (Mr Cnndlcil mil n _ttrv Hie inquc t hld been idiom nod owing to the cxptcscd destie of the jin) foi further e idcnce, ion sequent upon a statement m ide In 5h Mol hson, Al li to the effect that he con-dired thete was no mopet instruction of tue students in the Hosp til m rcgird to the nd ministration of cblorofotm Air Lang lind«, 1 1ÎCS ung, who vv is about to oponte on (he deceased foi vaneóse ttlcen tion of the leis was called, and testified to having given Airs Gcou. die nece-saiv in stiuetioiis to ¡iicpare heiself for rak ng cbloiofoim Ile ins most emphatic m his lsscrtion that Mi Donildson, Al li, who administered the dtug, ins not onlv per feetlv qtinlificd to do so, but ivis rcgirded bj li ni, from pist experience, is being vet) sttceossftl mel skilful m its use Mi Lmblev.MTt and Mr Aloore, M 13 both igrced th it the ev ideuce tendeted m the ca~e bj Alessi s Donaldson f angland» Mol hson and M'Ken/ie Al II, hole out the fact that the u-tiil iirccnutio u, in adminis tenng chloroform had been stuitlv ob served 'lbev al o endorsed Ah Lnuglmdss opinion of Air Donaldson s competenej as nn nnicsthctist, md Mi JIioio furthei stated that students at the Hospital hail, m lus opinion, evcrv oppoitumtv of obtain ing instiuction in the administration of nnicsthetics "Hie) hive the «.une opiot Imiitv of leal nmg this branch of the pío fessioa ns of lelriiing ntl) smg cal opent on such as imputation," he remniked in answer to i question bv the coronel, ' and I could not nu-gest i hettei mode or te iel) tug the n than the one in vogue " 1 In ver diet of the jim was tint the deceased died from p it ti ii i«phjxn and fairnie of the hcnits notion dunng the ndmiiiistntion of chlniofonn Air H S Cole, who lpneared foi the telitivool the clcceised, stitecl lint thev made no charge a0unst the Hospital lhere wall be no sittings of the Pull Court on Alondav AL the instance of the "»ontli Arelbournc School Hoard of \dncc the local state schools will be closed foi two dals, in order th it thev maj be thoi -nigh! eli msed mid fumigated \n enilcivot« will be made du ing the coming season to hove ill the school grounds-.six m number- planted with suitable trees Hie outpatients at St A incont s líos pitnl nie moren ing so i ipullv that the ¡sisters of Chant) lind it neecs-aiv lo tip point a thud phvsienn .nplicrtioin foi this position have been invited bv ailvei tisement during the pu*t fi i di)s md die appointment will be made eailv next wee! bj ¿lie superioi .rcnoial, who reside« at the hoad house m >S)dnuv Hie final meeting of the \\\ iltci Knhv complimentais, conceiv commit lee was held nt Vllan's music waiehoitio vtsteuliv when the balance-sheet, which showed the ri ceipts to hive been ¿llleVlfl', md the c\ pendituii i.ill/11/S, leivmg a balance of i.120/2/4, was adopted Au lllitslruted lectme on the ){ont.,cii riva wall be delivered this neniiig at the rooms of the Commentai Jrtvillers \s so.iation, bv Mi A\ 1! 1 ox, L P. C ¡5 Member» and then ftieuds aie invited lor tim Hush Hres Heltcf i mid vic huve re edi eil J/ll from i D II J M forwards us 10/ for Hie Lost DORS Shelter 1 or tile Lilcei fmilli III Co]Hnc,uooi! no hale rcctivctl el ftoin S)ni| itliUu r/ from I V G , 4/ from VI I, II unit fruin VI) Poor Ilo\ 8/4 S s sends vis £1/1/ for the ladmta Consumptive Sinutorlum 1 lie director of tin* W orl Inc. Men s College ii ».1res It to be not Hld tint the « rtlttcales lor ISO" line bren rcccflcel from tile 1 ilucatloil de pirtincnt uni! are. now available \t the com luslon of Hie eli ilr practice on Tues dil oi ali« lust ut St Martin s Cliureli Hunk» lum Air C1 Wool wus * i rccnlccl with a siller iiiiiint-il luton In the muni er* of the i hoir na a token of tliolr esteem anil In recognl tion nf his zealous und nlilc work us honorary conductor _. Vtteutloii Is direct«) to Messrs Menin)* und Ci's advcrtiikiiiciit In this Issue III coinpllillice viith u cuhle message from Loudon the) com menee to du) u sale to cíe ir out theil entire block . Tills aitcrnoon at 2 10 the VvocUlor will leave Oniili s Wlinrf foi 1 orturlliislon mill lleclong uni! ms.4viic.em lu her cm nturii from the fonucr pluce I) the s 8. Courier To morrón Hu Courier will stcrt from Queen s Wharf ut 11 n ni '-> l'ort irllngton mid t colong us usual The s B Derwent leaves Queen » Wharf In place olí. Illina ut 11 -.ni on Siuulii for Geelong mid lorli llii-lon arrliint at Queens Wharf i return al oui s p ni _ On Sitnriln neiliur Mm 11 Dr O nonncll will lecture on The Icnolan Cives Hawkis.1 nr) lllioi^anl Illue Mountains Illustrât«! li lime lieht viens before the numbers anil frlcu Is of the Millourne I miters Chili Viler Hie lecture u Miiikc csiiurl will take ilncc Mr Hue " VI I V will I reside , 'IO DAY'S AKK AM.PAll MS Ilrlciiton Uortleiiltunl sion llrlshtoii lonnlall J p in Inter Collegiate Holt Hare 4 pin li in thorn llorlleiiltiiml Soclcli » Show Hantle Town lall - pin 1 rec trail Den ocrallc Vssoclalion LXmnrll «1 ct Iii), S p ni Light Hollis Vrt Lnlon Draw ira Old lracles lilli 8 IO p III illlsleal Societ) of Victoria Ito)ûl Vrcacîe »| in Vuctlou Siles bec Vbstrict | a[,o Till VTRI-S VM) I X11 111 VINM1-XTS 1 mi lull Murd all li 11 Concert J] li lrn ess TI ntre Ila! s in the Wuoel la | n Ile liol ii Wien 1/tulon S!.s.|s " la | 11 <)| r I II A irlrties 6, p ni \lej.m In Heal» Hie liol! oi the Drum 1 m 1 ni I ill lri ulai Collier! s \ ni St le ri,c s Hill Mesmeric I nt rtaliiment s pu lelilí er ince lall I ce |les Oui certs Sill SllXDli Labour D iv Demonstration V arra banl. 3 i in lor Church s.n|tcs scc , 1|>(. __, 