REVERBERATIONS. riSv Hueh Kfilvntus?. I The novel certainly in getting tyrannous,; ii, increases and muiiiplics to such an appal ling extent tJi;i.L it bears the same propor tion to intellectual literature that the negro acclimatised in America does to the whites, and it cannot be deported either, because it bas come determined to stay, and novels hreed Jibe rabbits. We shall have to pass a Novel Extermination Aet. A writer on "The Domination of the Novel"' says that the "comparatively small class of persons i who take books seriously as works of art, ! who regard them as a. painter regards a i portrait, or a. musician a sonata, can ! seldom comprehend the attitude of those others—the overwhelming mass of mankind in a'l ages—to whom a book is, like a bicycle or mowing machine, merely a cun ning device of civili/otion for getting rapidly and without fat/gun through certain work (in this ease the business of living), which without such assistance would lmve to be much more slowly and tiresomely per formed." It is a common thing to hear the professional man, who finds Iris mental pa bulum in a particular shelf of his literary larder, jeer at the omnivorous reader, or, on the other hand, express a pitying con tempt for the person who does not read at all, or very little. The lawyer might ju3t as reason ably ridicule the layman for not having Coke upon Lyttelton at his fingers' ends; or the navigator belittle the landsman—it is done, but done thought lessly more often than not in idle conver sation. I know an eminent Judge who revels in "penny dreadfuls" in his leisure moments; and it is on record that the great Bismarck delights in detective stories of the (Joberean type. "The professional man of letters, is always too apt to forget that his own higher and more serious inte rest in books is not wholly due to an in nate superiority of taste, but that—to some extent, at any rate—it arises from the fact that the study of hooks is the business of his life." It is not. novel reading that is to be deplored, but, the vast fertility of the novel writer, which tends to the produc tion of vermin in tne way of fiction. When the sixpenny American books of Indian laics came out, those once-familiar yellow covered editions, telling of the exploits of Daniel Hpone, Crockett, TecumBeh, Pon tiae, v,in3vthe' hardy backwoodsmen, they were interesting, at times instructive, ana" not extremely extravagant; but now we bave the penny dreadful, and a dreadful "penn'orth it is.. Some pf -us, seeing our small boyB gloating over, the "Big Bridget" and kindred stuff, sigh for the days when the sensational literature was of a more wholesome type. However, we have the antidote in such periodicals as "Harper's Young People," the "Boys' Own Paper," and suchlike, and I find that the small boy grows out of the influence of the penny dreadful, and takcB to honest historical romances, of which fbere is abundance. It is more effective to quietly ridicule the obnoxious hook than scold the reader. J never noticed the significance of bo simple a word as "move" until one day in the Law Court Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., was examining a witness, mid pursuing his questions, said, "Now, what was the next move .of the management?" Sir John Downer, Q.Cf, 'on the other side, promptly objected; "J do not like the term 'move;' my learned friend has no right to put it in that offensive way." "Oh, well,*' said Mr. Symon blandly, ' I will substitute 'movement.'" _ To Sir John's mind "move" was synonymous with "dodge," "scheme," or "tric-k," and the second syllable put it all right—removed the sting, as it were. It is a curious coincidence that the Span ish flag is red and yellow, suggestive of i gore and gold, the two things for which j the Spaniards as conquerors are most ! notorious. In search of gold, they deluged the fair land of l'cru and Mexieo j in oceans of blood, the blood of hundreds 1 of thousands of intelligent, industrious natives, who had built up a marvellous,; civilization, ■ and covered their country j with roads, canals, lakes, cultivated fields, and cities, in the course of centuries, which works the Spaniards destroyed in a few generations. Jamaica to Cuba is as a penny roll to a large loaf, but in the hands of the British it has been made a rich and 'prosperous island, while Cuba, in the ■hands of the Spaniards, is a desolated wilderness, and a vast camp of military men fattening upon an industrious popu lation, existing only for. them to rob. The Spaniards would ha.vc dug up the whole of the Garden of Eden to find gold—they de stroy, but ucven restore. My Yalata correspondent writesDear Hugh Kalyptus—Ageiastus is said to have laughed but once in his life; this was provoked by bis seeing an ass eat thistles. Thoro would be some method in his merriment wore he living to-day in tbt Fowler's Bay district, and nioro particularly had ho the Fowlor's Bay Eucla mail contract. Hero he would see some very funny things: horses and other stook existing upon blackgiass, sticks, and sand aosoiureiy. And it is tiio same right away to Eucla, n track of 220 miles; waterless, drought- stricken, everything 'parched. Even the blacks 90 miles further back leaving its oocupahdy to an oooasional hutman, the Eucla mail driver, and we have it from the Freiiohnian-r-nii offering for the.devil. Nevor tire was never worse." Hero is another from onr Eurabie poet on the same subject:— THE KUCLA MAIL. 1 Aerose tliQ wild and. western plains Of the Great Australian Bight, Whore midday sun shines fiercely down, ' And the wind howls'dull at night,' Where roaring (lingo seeks his prey, \- And curlews dismal wail, There I must go, though hot winds blow, . And- carry the Eucla mail. ' : As far as the naked eye can see, There's nought but open plain, Pevoid ef grass, and salthush too, Just for the waot of rain. - . , The water tanks are empty, And the roekh des, I'll go hail, Yon earn yonr slulF quite hard enough Wiieri you carry the Euela mail. I jog along the whole day long, A black hoy for a in xte. And keep to time, if I'm behind, A line will bo my fate. Two horses good, as hard as wood. Along tile track they tail, We are the hoys—" the real McCoys," To carry the Kucla mail. Oi passengers true you got hut few On this track so wild and rough ; But parcels by post, " by Hi ley's Ghost,'1 Of them you get enough, jyoadbeads,* you nee, you take them .ree. The loss of their fare lie-vail; You choose a life of cave and strife, When you carry the Hilda mail. * I'ost-Oflice officials. 