FOR UNITED AUSTRALIA. THE GOLDEN CHANCE OF JUNE THE FOURTH. Electors should reflect upon these pithy points from various sources:— Greater difficulties confronted the Americans in federation than those that now frighten some faint-hearted folk in Australia. Federation means the life and power of a Nation in contrast to those of a colony. It means a place in the family of Nations,- and a proud place ever increasing in importance before the world. . . . But the "higher act" of forming the Nation cannot be accomplished without sacfifice and devotion, and obedience to the promptings of disinterested patriotism.—The late Sir Henry Parkes. "There are two ideals of Australia. One is that of a united, happy, prosperous people, working harmoniously together for the common good; the other is that of separated, distinct, jealous provinces, raising hostile tariffs between each other, and ultimately proceeding to divergences and disputes, the end of which cannot be foreseen.—Sir George Turner. At the annual dinner of the Australasian Butter and Cheese Factory Managers Mr. Weatlierhead said:— "That he voiced the feeling of the United Butter Factory Managers of Australasia when he honed the returns of June 3 would herald the birth of an Australian nation." Mr. Weatherhead's remarks were greeted with wild applause. The whole of those present arose, and, after singing ".Rule Britannia" enthusiastically, gave three cheers for the federation of Australia. The glorious inheritance of our children and our children's children is ours to give or deny in the union of Australia. "I would like to see all those who are opposing the Bill in the various colonies brought together to frame a Bill. They could never agree amongst themselves. If they could the verdict of the people would-be an almost unanimous 'iTo.' "— The Premier of Victoria. "Another striking feature of the Federal campaign is the iuen of heterogeneous views who have enrolled themselves under the banner of the Labour Party as objectors to the Bill. They mostly include persons with fads, and those outside the paie of this term us generally those who are afraid that feroration will injure their businesses by increased competition from intercolonial free trade. Of course, federation without intercolonial free trade would be like the play of "Hamlet' without the ghost, and we may reasonably and fairly conclude that such opponents would be opposed to federation under any Constitution proposed, though they are cute enough not to admit it. All who are opposed to the Commonwealth Bill, if we look underneath the surface of their opposition, seem to have particular axes to grind, and are not guided by what is best for the general welfare."—The "Narracoorte Herald." The fiscal union of the colonies will vastly increase the margin of profit to the primal y producers. 'The Bill before us is the best that can be prepared by fifty of the foremost men in Australia, and if we consider federation an end to be desired let us vote in favour of the measure. United Australia will certainly be a greater factor in the eyes of the world than a collection of isolated States with opposing tariffs and divided interests. And if we do not get federation now it must be deferred for many years at least."— The Jamestown "Review." Federation is a co-operation for the purpose of doing the business of the colonies on an expanded and wholesale basis, a mutual advantage to the ~producer and the consumer. "I'm a Union man," said Artemus Ward. "1 luv the Union; it is a big thing, and it makes my heart bleed to see a lot of ornery people a movin' heaven—no, not heaven, but the other place—and earth to bust it up." United we stand, divided we fall. It made and preserves us as a nation. This was written by G. P. Morris in "The Flag of our Union" about national federation. It has been taken as the motto of many trades Federations, and those who accept it as good counsel, either in trade-or in politics, are bound to give voice to their principles on June Fmrth. "The good of each tends to the good of all, and the good of all tends to the good of each." Thus wrote Bastiat in his "Harmonies of Political Economy," and in so doing he put the case for federation in a nutshell. If even the Boers of the Orange Free State find it advisable to make a commercial federation with the colonists of the Cape and Natal, how much more willing should people of the same races be to federate on equitable principles? "We must save the- Union; it is worth rigliticg for," exclaimed the Showman of Daidwiiisvilie^aiid they managed to save it. 11 union was worth fighting for is it not also worth voting for? "In entering into this new undertaking we have to rely on those ores coming from Xav South Wales. Unless we can go into this lead-smelting with some certainty we shall run a risk. If we have federation we have a certainty, but if we do uot have federation, and if the people of New South Wales, imbued with the spirit of provincialism—which urjiortiimiiely is bo pitvalent in the minds of some people—come to the conclusion that they wjii saciince their own pecuniary interests and make a railway to Broken Hill and put an export duly on ores, then we tiiaJ be deprived of cur lead ores. This has been threatened by the authorities oi Aew bourn U ales." —.Sir i{iohii.ra U-aker at a meeting of the Wallaroo and Moonta Alining and Smelling Company on Tuesday. 