CHAPTER XII. THEY BOTH HAVE THEIR SECBETS. Tho time came when 1’imiio could move around the house, and ho fretted not a lit tle ns to lij<» future course. It never occurred to himdbr'diis friends, that ho would return to the school. At. that institution there was little change. The Tiger never inquired for the boy, he may possibly have known—the means of knowing such things at; the com mand of this wealthy Spaniard wore far greater than that possessed by tbo city pecrot.service; and it was an exceedingly curious fact—as stated by the chief of polieo •—tlmt Spahero had gone on to the Chamber of Commerce once, as u total stranger, and made a small,fort tinc* iio sold ?;tfulures’* in . consols. Three days after, a sailing packet camo with tho news that consols" had drop l>e<l to*such an extent that; Spanero reaped a great harvest. It was secretly understood that in some way Spanero was interested in certain foreign governmental nlTair*1, but not tho slightest clue could be obtainetl as to the nature of this interest. These weeks were not without events. Tho man who kept tho restaurant from whence tho 'Tiger’s meals were brought, had a little private office in the rear corner. This small room was noticeable on account of its bareness, the furniture consisting of two fragmentary chairs. And that was all. The walls were not plastered, bub ceiled. It had but one window, and that was un usually high anil small If there were any . place to store things in this'Tittle den it must 1 have been in the wall by secret panel, for not even a box rested upon tho floor. There was a door leading into tho restaur ant, and another opening to the alloy at the rear. These doors aro trimmed with spring locks, both opening from within. The restaurant was peculiar in that it did not seem to have, nor seek, a regular custom. Very few who dropped in accidentally re pented tho accident. • There was a waiter and he was deaf. The cook room was a rear room in tho next building, connected by a swing door. This side of' tho square ex tended into the disreputable district, a sort of thieves’ quarters. Every city has such* sections, and usually in close proximity to the respectable city. In this building a part of tho history wo are narrating transpires. At 1 o'clock in the morning, two of the most interesting characters it will ever be our misfortune to meet occupy the grimy and, iusccuro chairs mentioned as the furniture of tho private room. One of these was the proprietor of the restaurant. His round, lumpy head and high bare forehead were surmounted with a closely cropped covering, of hair—a style not at all in vogue at that time. This man was probably fortv-fivo years of age. The ■ face was‘broad and‘brown,•'leathery, and. lines rather than wrinkles, crossed it; out lines of passion , uud sensuality. But his mouth was not thick and animal, on tho contrary it was thin, somewhat broad, and intensely determined. ' If the reader has in mind a picture of Spanero, let this individ ual be the contrary. In feature. Ho was un der bight, but stoutly built. His clothing1 was of chirk gray stuff/ old mid grehsy, and • ; his liuiids cluxiutv “trAU 'r©puVsdvcir*-*Ho* vmy -fv» - powerful man and a character. A candle .was flaring .in the room on a chimney cornice, and .cast an unhealthy ami unfavorable light upon this person and his . companion. The latter was gaunt, tall and '~ angular. Chest sunken, ball head, always covered by a consumptive-looking old wreck of a cap; he was of ashen- gray countenance, large, red-streaked eyes. 'When lie moved, bis limbs moved only. His nose was slight ly Romanized,'and his teeth were waiting for the dentist, of the future. He was a spare, repulsive-look jug.creature, whom you would rather not moot in tho night without your club and n reliable dog. And yet, when lie.spoke, you listened to a soft, kindly voice—a voice which you would say you had heard before; and you would rausack-.memory *to find the owner of the original—among all the gentlemen- you had met in the past. -Oil His feet wore sheep skin shoes,-with wool left on the bottoms. Tho gaunt, thin-faced pum had a bad, graveyard cough. , * “I duiina see, Stub, what ye do wi’ that Xmgb whin ye’re oot, mon ?' said the short man, whose name, so far as Boston culture could inform'us, was “Spetcrs.” “What would I be doing with anything that I didn’t want?” ' “Wbut wud uny mon be doon wi’ it—wha, J man, yuil shut if up.” “Yes, I- do shut Jt up—aud with this!” . said Stub, his, lank face, a ml large eyes mrly*' \ as he brought forth a small vial jiUctl with pellets. . , . “ Un whufc milt it bethut?’ asked 6^Thiitls iho that- I worship. I am v,«.tf<i.tbat is .with me, and in danger ft is not.” - “U11 it doou’t Ink like opum.” • “But ft comes from opium,” replied Stub, “so they tell me, mid it works mighty quick, too, for in ten minutes I feel it,tingle, and in twenty if puts iron in my blood.” “But/mon, it will kill thoo” “Can’t dd. it‘ too soon, Speters, I would not mind ' that, but the ghosts while I “You’re crackcn in yor ooper story—uu you betterluyoit'aloou.” _ “I believe you, Speters. I met a pair of lovers the other night, and in my mind was a dream of what, took my child from me years ago—and L looked up, mvl sure enough there was nty child wlmt was drownedp-as big as life, Just as I divamed,” “Thut shoos thill yo wont last much loug “Your right again, for, upon my soul, I saw before me my own picture, as I was a squid hanging to my mother’s apron strings in old Cambridge.1” “Yu did? And whut did yn say to yer sglf ?” asked Sppters, with a grin which call ed up the idea.of a graveyard. “I didn't sav. a.word to myself. I looked at myself and myself looked at me! and upon my soul if myself didn’t faint away!” “Uu wedoou’tblame myself for that,” sug gested Speters; . . “IN ANOTHER MOMENT TITE TWO MEN WERE DIGGING IN A PASSAGEWAY THE DIREC TION OP WHICH WASTOWARD T-IIE FOUND ATION OK THE 1 SCHOOL BUILDING.’ ” “But what bad I to do with it? If it was a lad,.why should he tumble over?’’ “Sure an' wouldn’t yerdooty kill a man at close quarters!” Stub opened his thin jaws and took a pill into his mouth, and smacked his lips. “It was a ghost, Speters-^I know them, there was no one there.” . “An’ yur not afraid uv um?” “Afraid, man! Why man, what cares a man who has nothing to live for? lave for jrhat I get? £& gpetera, .there is no hies off tho wharf.'’ ' •<.*. ..iv' ‘‘Why don't you tumble 3*011 mdf offf’.said Sifters. “Because I havon’t killed aSpauiard yet?’1 replied Stub. “llev a care, Sl.ul>,” said t hoot her, with a heavy frown. “Hov a rare about' the Spun yard. Our moii be a Spunyard.” ; “Ami I knew that, too—or. I wouldn't have been here.” And so the intf'ivstinjr twain nat and'talk- i cmI for a quarter of an hour ft- is.-not | hard to see that Stub lias been a man of parts. Hi, language lifts but‘ft slight mix ture of dialect, and even at this -tirnc.iipurnt niul prpnunciai ion ppiJitedip. no incoui-ictyip able culture. The th'iovo.s*VocabuIii!\y'iJhil not yet been invented- Bltf the language of Speters was Still more of a puzzle—simply because liis dialect was strained, and evi dent iv ft poor attempt to reach the Norik I England type. With all the depravity evi dent in the make up of Stub, there .was no.' question but that Speters was the most des perate villain of tlie two. A peculiar knock was heard on the outer door, a key was thrust into the lock, and the Tiger entered. Ho glanced at Stub a moment., and turn ing ;to Spoters, said: . . “is this the man?” “The man” lmd his cold, steel-gray eyes on the Tiger. It was -not; the glance t hat bo had before cast upon a - supposed ghost. It had .something of strength iu it." Ho took another pill. * - r • *-■ 1 -. - “This is tho mini,11 replied Speters. “And has ho done his work to-night?” “Befoor ivoalmswer *thut, cap,” stiid the . short, stout villain, .bringing his sinalj, ^er pent eyes upon the Tiger, “we will talk uv sobinthing ulse.” “Well, talk of what-you want to, but got off from that brogue and do your practicing on the devil.” “That is nil right, sir; but that is-not what I have to mv,” returned , the vjllaiu, changing his method of speech. “If you have uuy thing you' wish to say be fore this man; go ahead.” “It is before this very man,” said Speters,' sullenly. . Spanero walked across the floor, a heavy frown resting upon his face. , “Drive on,” bo ' muttoml. “All I have to say is a devil of a Iittlo.' It is that we want-to know* the bilk, in tho glitter for us.” ” , “Have you not Been well paid'fbr-your services?” \- “Noo, we ha* noot.” . . ' “Don't 3*oii get this d-d croak’s Best for ' nothing?” said Spanero. ’-*T i-''' “Whut o’‘'that? Hov yo not f crooked the bilk o’ thousands hero theesel’?” , j ■■>•■*' “Do I not pay you.well for .running this cooksbop?” ’ ' ‘ ,l ;*- . “Au’liev yo uotyer ooii Kpunin tho dish?’’ “•Well, out with it, nmn,”'spiittered.Hpau ero, still walking back and'-forthc “ff you have anything to say, let it out.” # “And ,1 hev this to sav’ captain': Df» that ere coop is busted next week, ho will hev his-/ tlioord, and mo will hov my'tlioord, and ye^ . Svill hev yoor tlioord—and. ttmt. .h» np tUoro ‘hetolt.’” : ' r Jt “A nd if you don’t get a fi’ put note?” “Then pard an’ me won’t divide it up wf ye” • Spauero took this all' very coolly. He - waited a moment and ’then drew a .silver mounted pistol’from his-side coat pocket— one of the long-barreled, flint-lock weapons. —took his handkerchief and polished tho barrel as be said: • • “Speters, we will have no words about , this job. You will do. n$ lt direct, and'W grumbling, either.T* df 3*011 make ine trouble .. 1 will pu£ a bullet into your head, ami ifyqu^ spout I will have you hung ’to'tlie’bridge within ah hour" by u-inob—do you under- 1 • .“No, I don’t,” returned the other. . . “.£>03*011 want me to.explain.-” a si: oil Span- -* efo, bringing the - pistol to bear upon Spu-. tors’ face. . Duriug this somewhat interesting proceed- ‘ iug Stub, who apparently was.iiot acquaints ed- with Spauero, sat with his chin ogJiis breast and hisr03*es closed.' lie did not raise "his lids- oven under Hlio -inspiration oVu possible row'f or even murder—‘such is A man*. .lierism of-tiro criminal class. ■ * : .. Nor did Speters blink. In a cold, icy'toil e bo replied: 1 “ Spanero, if you piny mo foul, as 3*0 u : have another, you will, bo shaken out in an Ijniir and 3*our rookeries burned to the ground. Put-up that nonsense—I am. not a raid of ye.” “This wea>’on, Speters, is quicker than a knife, and I propose to'stop this grumbling at once and for all.” “You do?” said Speters, sharply. “Else there will be*war between us.’*; ' “Then it will be war,” replied the {hi^kgefc man careless^*, throwing one leg oyer the other, • •. j “Speters is a beautiful, name, Isn't; it! Now, 3'ou have not-told this man here .youx other name. He. looks like a genUelnaii be side 3*ou, and I don’t think you are a fit man - for him to associate with. Shall I introduce ■ you to him?” . . ; -. “Look out, Spaniard,” said the villain arousing himself. . A “You kill mo, Speters, at your leisure; and when I die a letter will be opened at* po lice headquarters of this city which will sot . every one of these cursed new-fangled tele- ; , graphs in motion. Do you'kuow what they j will say?” asked the Tiger,’fastening his gray " eyes on the leathery face bq^oro him. jq. “No. IV hat’s it all aboptTJany how?” *. “"Well, it’s about summoning every spy, detecti vo and officer in this * couniry- to . in- *. , stant duty.” . .' . “It would?” “And then a United States clippertJmfeer. * , would go to Franco to warn tho continent j and England.” , “And what for?” “To hang 3*011,” said Spanero. The villain raised his eyes to the Span iard’s face, and the}* looked at £ach other steadily for a moment. Then Spcjteus Jot fly •. a single word: “Hell!” .. j ' . “Yes, they want, to find an assatfslra^ou*: • who kills princes and breaks up crojyTpjew Like a snake'uncoiling'after’ a fright,’'the , tense muscles of Speters. loosen* andr Ids knit brow relaxes. Then he sajTs moodiW: “Wlmt will they do with the principal in that little affair?” ; ■“* ; “He will bo dead.. You will have , killed “Spaniard, put up that pistol. ■ Havo'your.' Spanero put it out' of sight and moved ^ to the door. *■ ' “Speters, Pimiie is still at the lawyer’s house, I want* either you or this .man to cook him.” - Spanero withdrew and closed tho door; but immediately opened it again, • thrust in bis head and said: “The notice has gone to headquarters that if Mr. North brings funds with him from Philadelphia bo had better take it to liis house, and keep the business office under full guard.” Ho theu withdrew. Speters looked up and said; “Stub, what makes your eyes so bright!” The fact was that Stub was sitting up as straight as a militia colonel, /his eyes bril liant and his cheeks aflame. “It's the cough medicine!”' “Was there something about Spnnero that brought out 1 he pi Us}” “Yes,” replied Stub, “But I don’t know what it was." ‘•Then vou don’t know this hell brat?” .“No.”- ‘ “It is well; but did you get into the house?” “Yes. I entered two of the rooms.” “You’ro a cat.” “I inspected all the lighted rooms from the outside and from the projecting windows. Two of the dark rooms I entered by a large chimney, in which there had been no tires “Wonderful! Did you locato the muni ment, room;” “Yes, and can get into it without breaking a wall or a lock.” “dive it to us easy, Stub.” “I1 faith I speak the truth. I saw the keys taken from a panel when I was in the “The devil !” “Yes,” said .Stub, “I stood in the fireplace* and, curse my miserable soul, if I didn’t have to huM.le to- get there, when a fine old lady entered with a candle—and tall that ■trowel in the oilier rooms, too.V - .. - “Scraps!” ejaculated the other man. . “Yus, Spotcrs, aiul, by the ragged St I'j-ancis, the old lady looked right at me, squarely—and she didn’t know it—I didn't have my party clothes on, you see.” “She would have sworn she looked at the devil I” “She unlocked a little panel in the old fashioned wainscot ted wali, and took out the keys. The jim end of my knife will forreit, and there are but two doors to the vault. It is oil* from an old dining-room—used in the old Dutch days. But the most singular thing was what I saw in the crowd, through the windows—the young woman who was •withmy spook—the one that fainted away.” “Spook?” asked S peter. “Yes. The slimins with the big eyes. The other one of myself. “Wonder if that spook isn’t. Tinnier” “The clmp what tho boss wanted us to put under coverr” , “That's the chick, Stub.” “Well this follow will not go under sod again—not until I go!” •“Weil, let us go hence,” said Speters, suddenh’ changing the subject. Without a word tho two men passed out into tho restaurant room. They silently wended their way tain rid a liquor counter, lifted a trap door, and, in tho darkness, si lently dropped to the cellar below. Without stumbling over any of tbe nu merous kegs and casks, the villainous twain made their way to the corner of the cellar, directly under the private room they had re cently left. Speters scratched oho of the then recently invented lucifer matches, and lighted two bull’s-eye oil lanterns. In auother moment the two men were dig ging iii a passageway, tlio dircct.ion of which was toward tho foundations of the “school building,” Tho corner of the brick work of that into • rior building was, perhaps, 150 feet away from tho rear of tho restaurant, and in that interior structure, on the first floor, was tho vault.dr the treasure room of Spanoro.. Upon tho outsido was but a blank wall up to tho fourth floor,;and then a’single window‘mark ed the placQ where the Spanish artist's private room was, adjoining his oflice. •And here' we leave the precious twain to Jfhcir dark work-in which tho Tiger'was proba bly'hot'a partner.-•* :*■ 