THE GHOST THAT RS/^DE THE BOOK SELL ; -An adventurous bookf^llor had ventured te prin b 'a consiclerabla edition. ofDrelin court's 'Book of Consolation against the Fears .of Death.'.' tianslated by M. D*Assigny. But, ? liowover. . certain the prodpectof deathjit 1a not so agreeable as to invite t he iieager contemplation of the 'public, and Mie.' book,-, being neglected, Jay a dead stock oh 'the. hands of bhe publisher. In'bhis' eoiergency ha applied to De Foe bo assist him in rescuing the unfortunate book from the literary death: to which general ne»lect seemed aboub to consign ib. De Foe's :- genius , and : audacity devised a plan whtchj.for assurance and ingenuiby, defied eventhe; powers of Mr, Puffin, the critic, for- who bub himself would have bhoughb of summoning, up a. ghost from the grave bo bear witness in favour of a halting body of divinity 1 There is a matter-of-fact, busi ness-like style in bhe whole account of bhe transaction which besue&ks; inefiable powers of self- possession. Tho apparition of Mrs. Veal is represented as appearing bo a Mrs. Bargrave, her intimate friend, as she sab in her own bouse in deep contemplation of certain distresses of her own. After the ghostly visitor had announced herself as prepared for a distant journey, her friend and she began to talk in the homely style of middle-aged ladies. Her very recent ex perience probably led Mrs. Veal to balk of death and the books written on the sab jecbt, and she pronounced es cathedra, as a dead person was besb entitled to do, that ' Drelincourt's book on death was tbe besb book on bhe subjecb ever written.' Dretin courb, she said, had the clearesb notions of death, and the future state of any. who bad handled that subject. She bhen asked for the work, and lecbured on it with great eloquence and affecbion. Dr. Kenriek^s ' Ascefcick ' was also mentioned with ap probation by bhis cribical spectre. The efiect was most wonderful. Drelin eourb upon Death, abtesbed by one who could speak from experience, took an un eqnalled run. The copies had hung on bhe bookseller's hands as heavy as a pile of bullets. They now traversed bhe town in every direction, like the sams balls dis charged from a field-piece. In short, bhe object of Mrs. Veal's apparition was per fecbly attained. 