Answers to Correspondents, 'A.W.J,' — For undiluted meaningless drivel that would spoil the temper of the sweetest nature on earth give us your alleged poems, Wepublish three verses as a mock aud a bye-word against you, and we regret the passing away of the pillory, for you deserve it :— Life. Life is but a flowing stream * That moves by gentle ripples, And as we think of that theme That draws us to life's dream — We find that nature dripples. In solitude life is but a spot ~ Upon the world of time, , ' And thoughtfully considers her lot, That has clustered to her as a knot ,. Of despair — touched by every clime. The brightness that smoothly flows And tinges life with hope, But quickly falls back on. its own repose To leave the dark picture — and blows To us its pride and vanity scope, . Seriously we would recommend a medical attendant. ' J. A. J.'— Accepted. 'George' (Gobar). — We seriously advise you to take the advice of that .local grocer and refrain from verse. He evidently understands more things than tea, and in rejecting your verse from his advertising bags he saved many a poor family from misery, t 'Charles.'— 'The Belle of Mopoke Creek' is not nice enough for this paper. ' 'Steros.' — You don't blossom in these columns, again : — ' ' Ride her !' cried the further sider, Blew his nose and grinned a bit, TJless my heart you can't ha' tried her, She's a mare that all could sit. ?Talk o' horses, here's old Nelly, A fair hot un in her day, When Black Sampson girthed her belly Kicked his brain pan clean away. Don't you talk to me o' horses I was old when you was young, Ihave rode a thousand courses And my withers ain't yet wrung. So here you may read the first verse' in print, and we entreat you sin no more, and read Patterson less. ' Verax.' — The tale of the skinned horse won't do, even if it is, as you state, a fact. ? We cannot believe that' any man was cruel enough to flay a horse alive, and we are not prepared to accept blindly the asservatioh that after many days the horse strolled back to the camp covered with growing grass, in which ground larks had already built their nests, Ananias was punished for less than1 this, and there is room in the world for only one Rougemont, 'Cameron.'—' The Story of a Haunted Hut ' is about the record bad deed that any author has perpetrated against this office. We have read of ghosts before— have even taken a pleasure in the grim spectacles that perpetually hung about treasure troves, but when you spring a cat's ghost on us we throw up. the sponge. We can assure you that cats have ,. no ghosts, otherwise mice would not venture out at nights. ''Harold the [.Dreamer.' — We quote a slab or two : I've stayed too long in this port by far, And my thoughts are drear and olden, And I yearn for the smell -of reeking tar ?In the trail of a sunset golden, For my hopes have flickered a space and died— They were crushed to death, though the world is wide, By a city's toils enfolden, Oh, mariner, hoist the sails, I.pray — k' Do I hear the windless creaking ?— On the breast of the sea will I rest to-day, And hoar her soft voice speaking. Oh the love of the sea is virgin gold, An apple of price in a silver hold, And jewels are all her kisses. In the darkness of night when the moon is She whispers her love, and tho sailors know The sum of her silent blisses. 'Curious' (Cooma).— Tho recent war cost the United States £74,000,000. The gain is difficult to discover. The supporters of the Government sum it up in ' the gain i to divilisatidn and humanity.' A candid I onlooker would say it. was a huge crime I committed in tho name of liberty. ' Jj.O.'— Your poem, 'Advance Austra . : lla,', not up to mark. Glad to hear from you though. ? . ? . 'G. Williams'— What put it into your head- to write on ' Tho Finances of the Panama Canal' for the ' Oatholio Press ?' Compared with our own domestic finances the question is insignifioant. The .worst of Tboing highly intollootual and broad minded is that one must go to remote parts of the world for a tmbjoot, and in doing so you . '? ?? 'leave our readers in the' lurch, . ,imi ' Edith' (Bunvood),— We fear that ' The ?Child Model' would be too young to imagine the vision:— ,,''';, , . - Her head reclining and her thoughts afar In some swoot. world that only childhood knows, ' ' ,And peopled with, soft droama, beyond tho bar \- Of gold and orimson that tho sunsot throws, \- A graoious land of fairies ami of flowers, * ' Of sleeping moonlights and of songful hours, By streams that linger under Lotxis glows, ' ' Amy ' (Dubbo). —! ' Tho Story of a Hat pin' dooBn't interest this journal. If the. young man did steal a kiss, and if the pin did pierce his. cheek, and if blood-poisoning did set in, we don't see that there is any par ticular judgment in it. Your screed finds temporary rest in the waste-paper basket. 'Hatter.' — We print -your lines in this column : — I sit in the old lint Thinking Of the Christmases gone by, Of the healths to glasses clinking As the daylight fell to die, And I see my old pals' faces, — They are passing wan and pale — ?' And I watch my dead love's graces, And my old eyes seem to fail. Long, long ago, I started On my life's path young and strong, With a song that merry-hearted I lilted loud and long, . But the song is dead, and ghostly A sigh its spectre seems For my. life is run, and mostly I now live in my dreams. Ah, the old days ! Ah the yearning That the' Christmastide would come ! When youth's bright blood ran burning, And the song of age was dumb. Oh the revels and the dancing, Oh the flash of tender eyes, With lovelight in the glancing, w When swift kisses stifled cries ! Ah, the old days ! friends are passing In the rose heart of my fire — A legion strong they're massing And happy songs they choir, But behind them dark and coldly Death stalks with eyes of fame, And they who, sang most boldly Are scarcely now a name. Wife and children with my dreaming Are but pages of the past ,* Hard to read beneath the beaming Of wan moons and overcast. And alone I hear the ringing Of the township's tinkling bells, Catch faint echoes of the singing That with some creek's echo swells. Ah, tho old days ! But why sorrow Youth still laughs and youth still lives, Others on the holy morrow Pdnt the joys Christmas gives ; Every leaflet gets its reading, Others want the light of day, And despite our human pleading Youth will laugh 'whilst age must pray. tmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmBmmmmmmmmmmli 