CrIAPTE1-IIt--TfiE HOUSE WITIH TIE .SEVEiN GLALES. The driver has been momentarly over whelmed by the disaster that has come rupons him without a.second's warning; but he qulckly-.recovers his head, and picking himrself up from the street; runs to the assistance of tlto young maini "I have the beast all right; look you to the passenger-I'm afraid he's been hurt," sings out Jack, wrhose long familt arity with the bronchto of the American prairies during his life as a cowboy has taught him many a trick, by means.of which tile most spirited horse might be held in check. Obediently the Jehu turns towards his dilapidated vehicle. Ile finds some dif ficulty in opening the front, which has Suffered from the horse's heels or a sud den collislon with the pavmetit; but presently succeeds, and just as 'Jack s giving the horfe over in charge of a po liceman who cormes running up,t-?.se in mate of the fdrlorn hansom is ?'sssted ouut '. Fortune las findeed played ' him a scurvy:trick .for he Is badly battered, and doubtless believes' the case far worse than It will turn out In the end. J ick remembers the glimpse he had of the gentleman's face, and Is" more than curious to ascertaln whether it can lie iiosslble he knows this unfortunate traveller. Sd' ie bends over him, and discovers he has iade no mistake. Howard Spencer!" he exclaims. The man; who has been groaning witli pain, and is evid ntly conrslderably be. l whlered" by the blows lie received. loi-,ks at hit vacantly, t: he mnutters: "l'thatt ?es my nat"ue oui.e,-heard It -sot'where or other. 1Badly hurt, ain't I? Too plangued illlln it cotnel st wh:len f I wais.:laou to takn a,'vlt~n into the lap Sof Fortutine. Site told nie ni good couLld onome of it. Say. whlo are yuil, lanyhotw?" i- to Jack, who thatds over. "W'hy-. loward; old" toy'. dotl't you re I l.nllbetr it-Jack 'I'rlavrl's?'" ays? tihe A lher, rhasleily. _ \- The mnol on thte iaventenlt birntits out into a tnughl-n harl't? laugl,. that grates oil tlh newt'Ve. "Tell that to till marineso. Jack Tra vers! Why, he's dead, anid I'mI his ghost -takc' my oath on It. Itauntedt by the In:lme. What's all this? Blood? Thlen I'm badly hurt, ain't I? Must go otn prominsed to be there by twelv'e. for tun.ll at stake. you l:now'. Help me up, Youl tfelow. Don't you know a gentle Ilanl \lwhen yetl see him? How show ml the house tilth seven gable.o at the ci'r ncr. I tell you I mlust get there, or aill Is lost." 'The mnain ha1s al oumztilg amotunt of TOertittncity ait',ut tim; at any rate., lie reels forward. takes three steps, and falls headlong. so that it is only ia nltek imorvenl-lt on the part of Ah tini that -tees hitm fromn crashilng to tile pavle ment. "Biadly hurt. I will sncud for help ant hlave the gentlilutan taken to a )fospital." says a secon:d ptl!i'e oitirer, who has ar rived. It would be a wise plan,'; oremarks Jack, "'for h vemay have reciv'ed Inter nal injuries. You see lie talks as if lt's off hills head."' BDy this time numerou's heads have ap peared at windows oaong.the Catnongate, and a-small crowd has collected ar6und' the -birken :Imnsomii?~-leh thie drisr:is endearoring to; pate 5;temph o- tily. to gcother,'?so: tjilttiae?modr?ts t ?''wart9 thmew wia hee his iuarterS ir'e: 1o Jack attempts to qitestion the man., whom lihe has apparently ikntown at some former iperiod of 'his adventurous past, hoping to dlcover,where he puts utip ; but the oether pays no attention, mut tering to htimself ablout his appointment and sweating horribly every time he moves his wrcTched or broken arm. Turning to the hanlonm driver, Trav crs learns that lie picked up his fare at the station, the g"entletman having come by a de"'yecd train. Qutickly. in response to the lpolioeman'c call, an nmhulance arrives. ihowing how systematically everything is done In this beautiful city on the Forth. The unfortunate gentleman is lifted lnto it, and almost before Jack rcalises the fact, the vehcloe V:anishe? down the street. - IIe turns round; the J.ehn is also lear ing the spot, with his horso towing the wrecked hansom; the little crowd dis perses, heiads are drawn in from win dows, and almost like magic the Canon gate resumes its normal state of mid nighllt silence. Jack rubs his eyes in tbwilderment. "'Come, was MIl this a dream, or did it really happen? 'hat poor fellow had an awful shake-up. Once we were chums, and many times have we slept under the ranm blanket, until that litle affairdown at Santa Fe separated us. I never could forgive Itoward his treatment of that black-eyed beauty. What brings himn acres my pathll again, and, of all times, now? Heigho! what ,'clock is it tiup there-e-ernvei-ifty? Horw thle Mlinultes drag! Have I really been asleep and dreaming! Alt Sin, did a vehicle sgnosh to pi- ces here?" hie demanndl, turning on his faithful follower. "Velly muchec smnaslice up," replies the Celestial, with an angelic smile. And a gentleman was hurt?" "Yep, velly sure; hie talhee in air," responds Ah Sin, nodding eagerly. "And they carried him to the hos pital?" 'Takoee to dead lhouse. allce sanile." declares tile Mongolian, rather Ilip panltl; for the heathen Chinee has no heart for any one outside of Jack. now. Perihaps y5o ~rleamed the sanme thing I did. RWhere's your proof, Alt Sin? N'o broken hnasom., no wounded gentleman, nothing at all to shllow." "How this?" and the man from the East lholds a small paclage aloft. a "A packet of letters tied with a string. Where under ithe sun did you get those, omy good man?" "On sitreet - full from p:,cket of Howard, alice samee." "The -deuce you say. Then why -. ltit never mind; I'll take charge of tlhem and see that lihe gets his property lit the morning when I hunt hintm up at. the hospital. At any rate, thlis is proaf enough I wasn't dreaming. I wish I could be as sure about his r:,vin. .My ghost, eli? Well. I like that - rather cool, to say tih least. Haunted by my name is lie? Well, I'm sorry, bullt I never thought it was so atroelous as that. What else did the say about going on?-had an appointment at twelve that he must fulfil. Rather tin. fortunate, but hte seems more in a con. dition to keep one in the other world. A fortune at stake, elt? Why, that's something in my own line. Douced odd we both should have visited the Canon gate att midnight on errandsitnvolving the ilthhy lucre! Show hut the lhouse with seven gables at the corner. That was wthere he had the appointment, I reckon. .Is there such a hIousoe near here? I've a charitable notlon to saun. ter on a little bhit and see. It would, perhaps, he doing a favor if I dropped in and explained to the good folks just why lInwa.l failed to turn up. "It wasn't his fault, goodness knows. Wheels will cometines fly off their lbise, and give an unexpected twist to a man's fortunes. I've had such things lhappen mn'self. He said all might be lost unless he got there. That would' be a ptit If a few minutes of my time can save the day. "IHoward and I are no longer the friends we once were, but I'm enough of aphillanthropist to do that little thing for him. Iello! Two - four - slIx; yes, seven! Aid at he corner, too. WiVlthout a doubt that must be the identical build ing he spoke of. Perhaps I may lose my chalnce Ptf meeting my correspondent( to nmlghtb" uto'een that must not kopep .ltk. Trovers fsi'm-hs dutti'.At :, Iticimirybhy* do you see that building over yonder the house of seven gables--the house to which the poor gentleman was driving w-'tmii lyre was punctured? -~ Well, 'sa asisn over to souind a tattoo on the itrnr,.l mti let them sowt why aloward 'fails to showt up. You see there are lIghts-they evidently expect him. A fortune, hlie soaid : perhaps some old worthy uncle waiting to make him his ltlr, .Poor uncle! I'mnsorry for him, kInowlng the said HoSward of old. Now watch me, my boy, and take a lessoin. ThLs is the.gentleman's rap- not tlhe postman's or tlt'min with'a bill." , Evidently this same Jack Travers, :bachelor, Is inclined to be rather La facetious individual, capable of seeing soitethlng In lif tibeyond mere exist ence, ... . * Oe gives the linockernseveral resoilant blows, wldch eho along the quiet street. Some one Is heard ad'ahcing. on the other side of the door; and a' htnd fumbles the chain. Evidently the In mates of this "equcer house with the gablies do not put Implicit confidence in their neighbors, or else they come froni a country where locks are a necessity. Jack somehow or other, at the jlngle of the chain, has a flash of remembrance concerning the fortune mentioned by the passenger of the wrecked haltom cab. Tlien the door opens. .The hall-wany Is dimly lighted, and li~ can just see the figure of a man before I him-a nian as striking In his general op: pearance as one would moeet- in the Quartfer Latin of Paris, where art stu dents ahonund--a man who has long iron ore,- hair thatfalls to his shoulders, ai snow-w'hite beard, and wsho wears the I conventional black velvet jlcket of allt artist. Jack Is a little struck hby the appear nlice of this gentleman, swho has swung the door back rather h.stily, :tnd is ob- i serving hitm witih uwhat app'ats to he a iurnlng gaze, so that for the moment tip' feorgetsl to s?eak. During this bIhef space of time 11e feels ra.ther th:i sees 111ie ees .f the oither rfestcned upon him. ,Nor is the expiliun titn dilicult to seek, if, as he believes, this Is the house where Iftward had his appohntmnent. lie tnds his voice. "Pirdon mie. sir. !'ut were you expect iug some ene?" he ahks. To his surprise the1 old gentleman lii metd!ately puts out his hlail; hls wiileh lenmeanor changes, since he li o longer rownlls and looks suspicious, but smiles; and Jack, not to be outdone in polite ness, meets that palm half wny, belle- ing lhe can at least hold his own when it comes to a squeeze, if given his favorite grip. The bells clng lout the midnight oulr Just .at this moment. and between .the strokes lie hears the other say, with whait appears to be a foreign eentll to his English: "Welcealr, wevlcome, to ill"y house! You keep thie alppolntnlent Icirely to the letter; still. 5s we say in Sunny Spain, IMas vale tarle oue nunea. which is, Letter late than never. I have wailed \--rt nallhaye.wAlited anxiously. Poer Dio?. you ae-c ee. Ag?.g: I ?siy, with all Iny heart, welcome on this h:aply night. %Mr Jack Trmvers-ha, h:n: (To be Continued). 