CHAPTKR XXXVI. r thk thbiu. •Dudley Ogle 1' I eohoed in Mank < •'wnaeemeet.- ' An yon oertain that the •errant'* siupioiene wen deroid of fooodaticm?' ' Absolutely,' ahe anawered in qtriok bretthleasnau. ' In time day* I wn ■upercilions and disdainful, being taught to regard my dignity aa grand duchess with too.grekt a eonceit to make a mea alliance. My mother xuei constantly to urge that in the marriages contracted by memben of our family love wan net absolutely necessary—position was rrwything. Well, the monthB went k. We left Algiers, returned to Petersburg, and aoon afterwards my nether died, leaving me alone. I found myself possessor of great wealth, and when, after a period of mourning, I reappeared ia mrietjr I was courted and flattered by all t sorts and con ,dit>ons of mea. In a year I grew -tired of it all and longed to return to England, the land wherein I had •past many yean of my youth; there- j fare I engaged a woman to pose as my —flier, and, dropping my title, went to tmdem, and bred there as looking earnestly into my faee with her deep blue eyes. To me she bad em bodied everything that was fair, honour able, and pure, yet I had dreaded some sinister peril from an unknown source. ' And wc loved each other,' I said, simply. ' Yes,' she went on fervently. 'Bat from the first I was fettered, being unable to act as my heart prompted. I loved you fondly, and knew you wished to make me your wife, yet I dared not to risk such a step without the per mission of our House. I went to Petersburg, explained who and what you were, and oraved leave to many you. - A family council was held, bat the suggestion was unanimously de nounced as a piece of sentimental folly. Ah, shall I ever forget that night ? I pleaded to them upon my knees to let me obtain happiness in your love, but they were inexorable and refused. At length, when in a moment of des pair I threatened that if shut out from love by the barrier of birth I weald end my life, a suggestion was made—a horrible, infamous one, prompted by Makaroff, Minister of the Household. Yet I was ready to oeaunit any aot, to do anything is order to secure hsppineas with you. Permission was given me to many yon on condition that 1 entered the Secret Service aa spy. I appealed personally to (be C«u> bat in vara. Ton were in the Bar! of Wam ham's confidenee, and it was seen that from you I ooald obtaia iafermatjen whiek wonld be of the greatest utility to odr Foreign Department.' ' So yon accepted,' I said, steal}. 'Yes,I accepted their abominable ooa ditions because I lored von so weH, Geoffrey,' she said, gloomily, Her trembling hand open my shotddar. ' It was not my £a«lt, indeed it wasn't, if I had known what was to foHow I woold hare killed myself rafter Hi— bring about sH the trouble and disaster far which I became Mpeuftk.' ' No,' I sad. 'Don't speak like that.' 'I would,' she declared, is a despair ing way. ' "What fallowed .was a dark, mysterious tngedy, while all the time I knew that ram must sospect—that, after yon might forsake me. Within a week after lad ing myself irrevocably to the Oner's army rf spies I made a cbseorery that held me qipalki I foond flk my nastier, the a*a& to \rfaeee wiii I was oompelled to submit, was none ether than our discharged valet de ohambte— tiie man who two yean before had dwdaied Ma bw. At tbe taw my mother had engaged him lie waa already in the secret service, and had no doubt kept mtek upon aa. He came to me at tbe Hook, and, exulting in the bet tint I had beoome Us puppet, renewed hia protestations of afleotioa. Whan, fmikty, I told bim that I hated hjm and loved only yon, lie at oaoe informed me, with a gnn ei tatieheHoa, that the department in Petersburg found it compulsory to obtain possession af • eopy of a seenet convention at that moment being con cluded between roar country and Ger many, and that I must gat poweeioE of it at any ooet, through you. It waa in order that I might betray yon that tbe imperial permission had mm given to onr awritgt.. In indignation I rafoaed, Wtaweuponhe thnattoedto expose ma to you *8 a Rusetasspy, aad I saw only too eleaily that any rath rereiatM* most ma far m« oar aoqnain taaoe. He cajoled, urged, threat ened, and ^ the elaborate precautions tint had bam taken by two oleiks in Ewwiaii pay at your Foreign Oftoe in order tint on document in yo*r pocket, and now he had prepared the dnnuny envelope waled with your Mnrisfcsr's seal At let—at last, after striving long aad raalj against the performance of ffcaa ignominious actios t&at; I taew mat reflect oh your honesty, Z wu oompelled to submit. Ah I you can sever kasw what agony I suffered. I eerily Wiere that in those lew daps the terrible vengeanoe of that scoundrel drove me insane. The hideous ghost of the past causes me to shudder whenever I think of it.' I echoed her sigh, bat no won esoaped me. Her re*el*tion« were astounding. I had never suspected her of being actually a spy, although the discovery of the stolen convention in her escritoire had lent colour to that view. • 'Ideceiyed you,' she went on in a hard monotonous voioe. ' But only be cause I loved you so fondly, and dreaded that this man, who had long ago vowed to wreck my life, would expose, and thus part us. Yet I oould not bring myself to commit the theft. Hew could I place upon you—the man who was *11 in all to me—the stigma of having traitorously sold your country's secrete 1? The man who-held me emiaved, and whose attentions I bad sp tuned, exulted in his malevolent revenge. Onoe he offered, if I would renounce all thought of you and treat him with mote cor diality, to commit the theft himself, but I refused, determined at all hazards to remain with you as long m possible. Once it was thought that the seeret con vention would be sent to Waxnham Hall, and I was compelled to go down there to devise some means of obtain ing it. I found Dudley staying is tbe. village, and we returned to London to gether. Tho end must soon come, I knew. Therefore I lived on in daily terror of what must follow. At last the day dawned on which I had to meet you at. the Foreign Office, and filch from you tho bond of nations. After breakfast I stood out on the lawn by tho sunny river's brink, contemplating nuirido rather than your ruin, when there rowed up to tile stops Dudley Ogle, who hailed me, inviting me to pull up, to Windsor, and there lunch with liitn. At onco 1 accepted, and after embarking jtoigtittatmr «wi£awiwU; his assistance. Ai you know, lie ir#j a good amateur conjuror, iimi sM it .1 in bate of sleight of baud. \Vi<hout thought of the eonsequcino i-r n -..Ived to commit the* theft for my sukr, nnd wheu I had fully explained all tin facts and.'- firen him the dummy rn relope that the cunning chief ui tin: "Okhrannoa 06delenie" h«d jiiujiniw!, he turned therboat and put me ushuio at the Nook, afterwards rowing rapidly down to'Shepperton to change and go at ooce to'London.' ' He did this becausc beloved you V I exclaimed sternly. »■ ' Bo,' die answered, /-casBuringly. ' Poor Dudley was simply my friend. He called ob you and extracted the 4wuraent from your pockct while you twraind together, becausc he saw in what a dilemma I was. He knew 1 loved you dearly, and never oncc upoko a single word of affection to me. That I swear before heaven. What followed his visit to Downiag street I have only a haay idea, so fall of uwful anxieties was that breathless day. From Waterloo station he telegraphed to mo that he had successfully secured the agreement and handed it to the chief o£ spies. The latter, who had been wait ing in Parliament street expecting mc, seeing him, took in the situation at a glance, and approaching him asked for the document, which he bad given up. An hour afterwards, fearing that you might suspect me, I telegraphed to yoB at Shepperton to dine with na, well knowing that already the text of the convention was at that moment beiag transmitted to Petersburg, and that war was im minent. Ton came; you kissed me. I loved you dearer than life, yet dreaded the frightful oonsequenceB of the das tardly act I had instigated. Suddenly, while we were at dinner, and you were laughing, happy utd unoonscious of the ooftspiraoy against the peace of Europe, a thought flashed somes my mind. I well knew that a» awful conflict of armed fonts mast accrue from my deep, dupieaMe cunning, and it occumd to me, as I sat by yoar side, that I would, n wag the secret cipher I had been pro- i Tided with, telegraph to Petersburg in the nana eif the chief of muet, assuring our Foreign Department that a mistake had been Made. I slipped out, and running down ta the telegraph office jaet baton it closed, sent a message to aa iiBsiupieknu looking address, stating tbat me test of the convention already sent had been discovered to be thatol a rejected draft, and not that of tite aetual defensive alliance that had BsoenFad the sigsature of the Emperor yfWmm.' 'Than it was aotnaWy tan aaaaagu of yowi that pcvvented war 1' I gaaped, in profound inhwinhmant. 1 Ye.,' A* answered. 1 Before receipt vt mtf trfwgraai all preparation); were bang made tor the commencement of huatflH'wa, tat on its aniral the Caar at aoee uamteruiaaded tine mobilisation order, and Snape was thereby spared a terrible and Moody conflict. Ah! that ' waa indeed a memorable night, brought it* a conclusion by a dark and terriblo tragedy.' Her astounding disclosures held me dombfounded. I remembered vividly how, daring oar lunch at the Ship, Dudley had risen and gone out to the bar to apeak t? an acquaintance. It was at that moment, having stolen t he document from me, he glanced at its register number and imitated it upon the dummy with which Ella lin4 pro Tided him. 'But how oame you possessed of tlic original of the convention ?' I asked. ' A. week before I fled froiu you I received it by post anonymously,' ulie Implied. ' When compelled by my enemy to leave you and return licrv to my tree position, I unfortunately lul't it behind, and knew that, Booner or lutur, yeu must discover it. The man who, with the Czar's authority, held mo Under the lash, still holds me, the play thing of his spite, and threatens that if I allow you to eoine here uu<J occupy yeur rightful place as my husband, he wiU Henounoe m^to^ Bfitith ■Govern ment as a Spy. Hence,' I om'still his puppet: still held by a bond of guilt that I dare not break asunder.' 1 Be patient,' urged Sonio, in a deep, edn voice. < Be patient, and you shall yeit be free.' < Ah! Geoffrey,' sobbed my wife, her Maaebed, tearful face buried in hex hands, ' you oan never, I fear, forgive, After all, notwithstanding the glamour that mast surround me as grand duehess, I am but a mean, despicable woman, who foully betrayed you, the ■us who loved me. 'You atoned for yoiir crime by your ncoettfal efflor^ to preserve the peace ef Europe,' I answered. •Yes, yes,' she cried, with a quiver in her voioe there was bo mistaking for any note save that o£ love, ' but, alas I I an in the power of an unscrupulous knave who parted us because he saw tug happy with you. Can you ever forgive ttef Can you, now you know of my vnworthineea, ever nay that you love sae a« truly as you did is those bygone days at Ifce Nook? Speak? Tell me?' 'Tee,' I answered, fervently pressing her closely in afleotionate embrace. '1 forgave yon everything, darling. You signed, but, held as you have been, by the hateful conditions imposed upon you by a base, unprincipled villain, I cannot blame, but only pity you.' . ' Then you stall love me, Geoffrey V she cried panting, gaxing up into my faea. fa» as OBMunao.l W—34 