Possessions Britain has Given Away. According to tbe typical Continental statesman, John Bull is tho biggest land grabber on the face of the globe. France and Germany more especially are never tired of sneering at our alleged 'earth hunger.' Indeed, if these latter critics and rivals are to be believed, wo have not only stolen with a free hand in Africa, in America, and in Asia, but we are only pre vented by Jack of proper transport facili ties from annexing Mars and establishing a protectorate over Jupiter. There may be some truth in all this. The British Empire bas a knack of grow ing. No one can deny that. But on the other band, we Lavfi — within the last 100 years or so — actually given away what to any other nation would constitute an ex ceedingly valuable and infinitely respect able colonial empire. For instance, our cousins tbe Americans, and our old enemies the Spaniards, have fallen out about Cuba. Tbe island was once Britain's. So were the Philippine Islands, another bone of contention. So, too, were tbe Ionian Islands, Tangier, Minorca, Corsica, Curacoa, ?Sicily, Buenos Ayres, Monte Video, Java, Pondicberry, tbe Celebes, tbe Moluccus, to say nothing of other islands, fertile provinces and fortified towns scattered up and down the face of this weazened old plobe of ours. And most of them we have surrendered, be it remembered, not in obedience to tbe irresistible demands of superior force, but of our own free will and in accord ance moat frequently with the dictates of a grand— if mistaken and quixotic— idea of dutv. Take, for example, the cession of the Ionian Islands in 186J. We captured them from the French . after a good deal of hard fighting in 181X1. We gave them i Constitution, built a university at Corfu, abolished the vendetta, and promulgated equal laws for all and sundry j and then, after 50 years of educational and civilising work, and the expenditure of millions of money, we calmly, and without the shadow of a ghost of compulsion, hand tbero over to Greece. It is a deed of which no other nation but England could have been capable, and which it is devoutly to be hoped England will never repeat. Tbe surrender of Tangier was even more deplorable. We held it for 21 years, and then quietly evacuated it at the bid ding of a handful of fanatics, led by Gay Ian, the sovereign chief of Fez. Colonel Kirke, the then Governor, strongly pro tested, and offered to hold tbe fortress indefinitely if 500 men were sent out from England, together with £5909 wherewith to pay them. But tbe Government de Dlined. They could, they said, afford the men, but not the money. Tangier would now be considered but dirt cbeapat 60 times £5000, for it lies almost immediately opposite Gibraltar, and possessing both the Btrongholds, England could absolutely con trol the Straits and effectually seal up the Mediterranean. Cuba was taken by us in the middle of the summer of 1762, at a time wben on unusually virulent epidemic of yellow Fever was raging, We lost WOO in 'five weeks. But we stuck to our guns and triumphed in the good old sturdy British Eftshion. What our soldiers gained with one hand, however, our statesmen gave in-ny with tbe otber. A year later, just when the island had become pacified, and tbe elements of good government estab lished, our haid won possession was banded back to the horrors of Spanish rule— horrors from which it seems only now likely to emerge. An even more reprehensible national crime was tbe surrender of the Philip pines to the Borne blood-stained gang, for not the most bigoted of the Little Ens landers of that day and generation could have been ignorant of bow vastly im portant the islands must necessarily become to us. Moreover Spain was soundly thrashed in a selfish wnr of her own seeking, and would have accepted peace on almost any terms, Yet we banded over tbe conquered possessions for a paltry £800,000— not a single penny of which, by the by, was ever paid. To many visitors to Westminster Abbey it doubtless seems strange that one of tbe most maguificent tombs in our national mausoleum should bear the name of General Stanhope. To the man in tbe street, at the present day. the cognomen means nothing. To our forefathers of a generation or two it meant much. For Stanhope was tho conqueror of Minorca ; and Minorca, as bnB been well remarked, was tbe Malta of the eighteenth century. We took it in 1708, and beld it off and on for tbe best part of a century, at the end of which time it was handed over to the Spaniards. Apparently they got it because they asked for it. At all events, no historian has ever assigned any more cogent reason. Our extraordinary com plaisance in this respect is the more curi ous beoause we had previously thought so highly of tbe island that, for merely failing to relieve the garrison, we bad poor old Admiral B.yng tried by Court martial, and shot on the quarter-deck of hia own flagship. Corsica occupied a slightly different position, as a dependency, from Minorca, insomuch that its inhabitants had them selves placed their island under British protection, and elected George HI. as their king. It was ours, free gratis, and for nothing. It did not cost us the life of a single soldier, or the expenditure of a solitary penny piece. Nevertheless, we thought so little of it that, after govern ing it for three yairs, we withdrew our troops, and left it to the mercy of the French, who, needless to say, promptly annexed it, and in whose possession it has been ever since. Curiously enough, during the three years that tbe British flag flew above the ramparts in Ajaccio, Napoleon I. was a resident in tbe city, aud was, therefore, during that space of time, a British sub ject. And while on tbe subject of Corsica, it may be mentioned that we seem always to have bad a peculiar penchant for giving awarplacoB in the Mediterranean. In ad dition to Tangier, the Ionian Island, Corsica and Minorca, concerning all of which mention has already been made, we also owned, at different periods, Sardinia, Sicily, and Elba. Bat we let them all slip. In the same way, and only quite re cently, we parted with Heligoland to Germany. In this case, it is true, we are supposed to have received a quid pro quo in Africa ; but it would probably puzzle' any one, save perhaps a professional politician, to say exactly in what it con sisted. ^^^^^^^^^^ A ' Times * correspondent writing from Bergen, Norway, ss'ys a telegram has been received there from Spitsbergen, via Hammerfest, to the effect that the steam ship Lofoten has found in Sassen Bay a bottle containing a card on which Was written 'Andrea 18%' This is believed at Beraen to indicate that U. Andrea has visited tbe region of Spitsbergen tome UmethUjw 