SAMOA. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) 'APIA', February 17. — Tbo commercial conui- tion o£ tbe place is being cleaned up, and some ot tbe smaller traders, unable to stand tbe con tinued strain ot "depressed times" and to copo any . longer with tbeir difficulties, are applying to tbe Courts tor receiving orders in their es- . . -l.t_.-1. l. „ mn1.n a fpaell tates, in oruer to ne euauieu: iu miuv «. start or to leave tbe country with tbe satisfac tion. ot having made a settlement with tbelr creditors. Six auction sales bave been held dur ing the past several weeks of six of theso estates. This is a large number tor our little foreign community, and it is rumored that more are to follow. . Several ot tbe Europeans who have been unsuc cessful -in making a "pile" out of the cocoanuts under a tropical sun for many years are starting for' IClondyke, where, with the extreme opposite temperature, they hope to attain the extreme opposite, of their failure In the tropics— success. The heaviest rains during the last. 10 years have been experienced during this season. It was reported in last letter that one of tbe Samoans of the troupe of dancers who went to Germany was caught oa tho steamer with cart ridges in his possession. These turned out to he two small boxes of pistol cartridges, and for this tho man was fined by the municipal magistrate the sum of $200.00. Ho paid $100,000, and is solving 90 days' hard labor for tbe balance. His Majesty Interceded for tbe man, but- in vain. Tho authorities in power would not lessen the punishment. During tbo hearing in the court tho accused made complaint that certain moneys which wero in a hag, and seized by the police, hail gone astray, but before the end of the inves tigation he admitted before tbe magistrate that no money bad been stolen from him. At the in stance of tho president, the prisoner was indicted criminally for malicious slander, aud is now standing his trial in the Supremo Court ot Samoa. Under the Samoan law a slander is a criminal offence, and a rule of tho Supremo Court compels all persons found guilty of any offence to pay all costs of Court, and if they havo no money they have to serve the Government iu Mulinuu Gaol for a term equivalent to the costs. As the trial has already lasted somo days, and is likely to continue for more, if tho accused is ultimately convicted of slander he will pay dearly for his two small boxes of cartridges, for which he had no gun, aud with no chance of find ing a gun in this country with .which to use them. The Customs officials, authough strict search was mado of all tho luggage of the members of the. troupe, found no other ammunition or - any arms. It turned out that these wero disposed of in Sydney. During this search it was ascer tained that some of the boxes bad false bottoms to tbom, and had it not been for the warnings from Mr. Marquardt, who bad control of the troupe, others might have shared tbo same trouble as the one already spoken about. Consul Cusnck-Smith, of iter Majesty's service, bus been appointed Consul-General for Valpa- lalSO, una lUitvob oumua. nu.vu juajuim. jju bee t in Samoa for eight years, about tbe longest time any Consul lias been here. 1-Ie is tbe young est Consul-General that tho British Empire pos sesses. Since he came to the country ho ha-s boen identified with all manner of sport, and has done much for tho place socially. As a Con sul he was not popular. The Under-50 Club for dancing, which he founded, assembled for the last 'time on tbo 15th February in tbe Public- hall. at tbo Invitation of the "Ghost" ot the club. Tho answers to the call were sent to tho "Spec tre of tho departed Secretary, care of tho British Consulate." Johnstone's Spiritualistic Orchestra rendered good music, and the members passed a jolly time. I-Ils Majesty, Mnlietoa, has been severely in disposed lately, and is seeking rest in his palace at tlio Royal grounds ot Alaoa, about five miles in the bush inland of Apia, where he is starting a tare patch and banana plantation. Ills troubles seem never to end, and tbe officials and Consuls have not yet agreed over the question of tho payment of his salary of £30 a month, and the back pay which was withheld and to which he Is entitled. . His Majesty is still harassed by bis creditors, and cannot get any more credit, for tbo "Powers" will not allow bint to draw on bis Income. He bas land, but cannot sell or mort- Tlte Samoans still preserve the two distinct political parties, and keep to tbeir own districts. But although tbe Tumtia party will not recog nise the Malletoa Government, yet prominent members ol' lite former have been lately before tho Supreme Court of Samoa, and bavo submitted to its jurisdiction. This is a healthy sigu. Amongst, tbe litigants lias been Tamasese, who appeared over a land matter. .... Several parties liavo como from America to erdeavor to purchase tbe property of the Into Mr R. L. Stevenson, but satisfactory terms could liot. be arranged, and the property is still in the inarkot. Lord Wolseley, Commander-in-Chief, recently visited tbo Newport Market School and Refuge, Westminster, and addressed tbo boys. In bis be- | llof, tbo army was the noblost profession in tho I world. H lie wero asked to advise any young I lad as to what was tbe best thing he could do, I liu should conscientiously advise him to go into tbe army, because It was the only occupation within Ills knowledge in which a young fellow could look forward to obtaining before ho was 40 years of age a pension which would bo a sup port to him moro or less through life. More Ulan -that, there woro at present serving In tbo army, noarly 900 men who held commissions, and who had risen from tho ranks. t ' 4 . 