Ignis Fatum. BY A BANKER. Amongst the natural phenomena which, so far, haa not been satisfactorily explained by scientists, and even at this day of advanoed j knowledge remains an unsolved mystery, is the strange lambent flame which hoves over ohurohyards, marshes, undundrained swamps, scientifically known as ignis fatuni, and popu larly termed Will o' the Wisp Jack, o' Lint horn, and other fanoiful namos. This strange fire, if that can be called a firo which does not burn- varies very much in appearance. Sometimes it presents the aspect of a ball of fire dancing and rolling about over tho marah in playful glee, and now again, perhaps, when Btriking against a shrub or other obstruction, scattering a shower of smaller ball", which In their turn would dance and play about, not necessarily however, in ( the wake of the parent bill, whloh continues its waywurd career, now ehining with a fiery red light, now changing into a yellow or amber then fading Into an undefined greenish tint, to burBt out again into a purple Maze, the erratic illumination at length, perhaps, after gambolling about in quite frolicsome mood, ascending high up in the air until it is lost in view. And sometimes tho mock Same presents a more werid and ghostly, appearance. Tho belated wayfarer, who is traversing a low lying charchyard at 'the witohing hour of midnight' sees, a short distance from him, a spectral presence hovering about the tombs whioh his terrified imagination immediately regards an a disembodied spirit, a voritable ghost. The phantom apparition faintly shines with a quivering sort of lambent flame, sometimes slowly receding, sometimes adv ancing, tho frightened nerves of the terror struok wayfarer exaggerating the harmless illumined column into a" menacing ghoul escaped from the place of punishment, and seeking in vain for the moral remains of its former fleshy habitation, and, resonting his intrusion, momentarily intending to seize and carry him off to somo torrible inferno. With palpitating heart he flees away, stumbling over tonib:^, until perhaps at length in tho darknesH ho plunges headlong into an open grave, and is discovered the next morning by the grave dlggors In a pitiablo plight, and gradually recovering from the horror of his abject torror. And all this because he is ho utterly simple and witless ai to bellovo that there are such things as "ghosts"; and to imagine that it would bo permitted thut lost souls should be allowed a resplto from tho plaoe of punishment in order to frighten a few Billy gills or intellectually weak men 1 For we may be quite oortain that souls in Paradise, oven if tlioy had the power, wuuld not wish to do so, and would prefer the glories of the third heaven to masquerading in a sheet in an obsoure village churchyard at dead of nighc. It Is, however, uuqaeBtioned that sorcerers from the very earliest ages hive had . the occult (and Divinely forbidden) power, by moans of what is now called hypnotism, of making even a number of persons congre gated tugother, believe that1 they can see ohjeots whioh luve no real existence, and can evi n in somo casus oompcl persona to beliove that tlioy have soon a " ghost." Some of tho marvellous triuks of Indian juggler* appear to bo produced by this agency, as the deteotive oamera, whioh cannot be hypnotized, incontestably prove* that I ho oxtraordinaty events whioh we believe we have seen with our vory oyos did not toko place, bub were only an hallucination pro duced by tho wiz ird's hypnotio power. Sometimes in tho gloaming, the ignis fatuUB playing about at the odgo of a morass is a strikingly attr ctivo spectacle, but woe be to him who attempts to pursue one of tho dancing fairies, for it will probably lead liim into tho morass, .into which ho may sink deeper and deeper down, tho more ho struggles tho quicker his living ontombment 1 And just so it is with the silly youth who, in the pursuit of to called pleasuro, finds him» Felf sinking deeper and deeper into the miry morass of sin, whence tho only p»s"iblo means of rescue Is by laying hold of tho hand of Slim who has utun d for i hoao Bins. If ho. refuser, or negleots to do t his the horrible pit must shut her mouth upon him for ovor 1 Complimont-i of tho honuymoon. Bride : 'Henry, do you know that, you snore 1' Bridegroom; 'No; doll I'm very sorry to hpirlt.' Brido (dryly) : 'So am I.' 