DOW FAME IS DESTROYED. C able news to hand lo-day states th a t costermonger had been arrested in London charged with offering for sale oranges unfit for human Consumption. T hat io itself is a fritte r of bnt little indifference to A ustralasia it not fo r the further statem ent th at th e diseased fru it were in boxes bearing the brand of the E xport Board of New South Wales* tbe inference naturally being th at they had been examined and approved of by a Government institution, b f course it may be that the oranges in question had never seen, the M other Colony, but taken in die light of the recent disastrous shipm ent of orauges i t is apparently clear that there has been fault in London on the p art of the Agency-General, was the duty of tb a t office prevent any of the unsound fru it getting on to the m arket, and it ie also requisite th a t steps should he taken of an effectual character ho th at once-used boxes shall not be used for other countries’ fruit. The publicity which will be giren to the m atter w ill have a most harm ful effect upon the froit exported by all tho colonios, and every means possible ebould be taken to counteract the evil before it too late. There is one thing very certain, and th a t if? the inspection of exports at Sydney is not of th at stringent character it should be, for have we not proof sufficient in this Colony? anduniesB a different procedure is adopted the Sydney certificate of freedom from disease will be utterly valueless. Stocx . Ts atbilin u un tux W est Coast.—In tb e course of his speech __ advocacy of tho Ulveretone-Bunue Railway Mr H all, th e member for tV aratah, urged as an argum ent th a t if the line wer pleted stock would be sent by r a i l . __ asserted be knew the whole of the country through which the stock were driven, and stated th a t it took five days to g e t over the ground, and all along the route there was not a bite for the cattle. If th a t correct there is something wrong, and there is no wonder th a t ta ttle lose from 1601bs to 2001ba weight on the journey. There is another aspect of tbe case, however, and th a t is the cruelty inflicted upon such animals, if Mr B all is correct, and which should be looked int£ by the proper authorities. JTceart Shipbuilding,—A, correspondent w r i t e s “ 1 see the £.s. Orowaiti returns to New Zealand to undergo similar alterations to the K aw atiri Now, hy should that b e? Have w we not in H obart a splendid slip to take the vessels on, and as skilled workmen as in New Zealand ? The Union Company derive some portion of their handsome profits from the Tashianiftn trtd e , and is it not reasonable to expectofthem th a t they they should have the repairs to the local boats done in tbe colony P W h at is Mr Br«dley doing that he does not look more after our local industries, particularly the shipbuilders' craft B obaht G as CowtAfnr.—A meeting of th e ebarabclders in tbe Hobart Gas Company v.as held yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of electing a dir. ctor in the room * Mr J . P. BozaU, deceased. T be Chairid of Directors (M r George Crisp) presided, and Mr TV, Robertson and Alderman K err were selected as Bcruti- T here were four candidates—Dr. Bright, Mr Pearce, Alderman Hiddlestone, and Mr C. H arbottle. The poll resulted Bright, 299; Pearce, Hiddlestone, 115; H arbottle, 66. Bright was accordingly declared duly elected, his majority over tbe next candidate being exactly one hundred. CaXe and Produce Faib.—Yesterday afternoon Mrs H ecry Dobson, well-chosen words, opened & cake and produce fair in All S tin ts' Schoolroom, the object being to liquidate tbe debt parsonage. A number of the ladies of tbe congregation had entered upon th e object rhich, to the satisfaction of all concerned, were disposed of by the tim e the hour arrived for closing. Musical selections were given, and altogether th e promoters may be congratulated upon their labors, viewed from whatever aspect they may be. G reat praise is due to Misses Maxwell, Butler, and Lm ngeton, for the energy they displayed in promoting the fair, and the result must be very gratifying to them. Tasmanian Poultet Society.—There as a very good attendance a r the annual show of this Society last evening, who freely criticised and inspected the birds i-hown as they passed too and fra, but there was an absence of th a t old-time argum ent among tbe fanciers. The arrangem ents for joetsnch a n assemblage bad been provided bo tbat there was no overcrowding, but ail c u ld eee w ithout discomfort. G reat interest was evinced in the pigeon class, where Mr A. Markham, the champion carrier breeder of Sydney, was a large exhibitor. He showed thirty birds in all, including two pairs of dragone from the loft of R. Woods, London. B ut in this latter class he met somebody locally who owned better birds. Mr T . Broughton, of Liverpool street, had the honor of defeating M r Markham in the three classes shown, taking first and special in each, which speaks well for th a t fanciers breed. They were capital speci* mens, and those who know birds when they aee them gave them te e palm. f Mr A, J. Clark Was also a successful exhibitor. In the canaries Mr D. Saunders w as the chief exhibitor, and most euccesafal. The G arrison Band marched to th e building and played a number of selections there, which were much enjoyed.' Tbe enow ti to be open a gain this evening. Am .c Tbade op E holsxd.—It ie eteted that representatives of large produce commission houses of England are arriving in America (says American Trade) and are about to make arrangements for the exportation of apples this eeeeoo on a more extensive scale than that of last season. A number of tbeae representatives have already gone West, and it is predicted by partiea well informed tbat tbe business expected this season will be tee largest ‘— known. Tbe fact that the Western i crop is said to be excellent, and aid of cold storage enabling the fruit to land in good condition, are already having some effect in the way of closing contracts for tbe approaching “*e»on. T he Pacific Caele. — The Pablio Acooants Committee report to the Kev Zealand House that it is desirable to lay a Pacific cable, with Canada as the central authority to control it, and that New Zealand should join the other Australasian colonies in a guarantee of four-ninths of tbe cost. The cable rates to Great Britain it is to be recommended, shall be as u n d e rO rd in a ry message, 3s per word, Government messages 2s, and Frees teeasageeleper word. In the event of a profit resulting from the working of tbe cable—and the estimates before tee Committee go to ehow tbat a profit ti likely to .be realised—New Zealand is not to be called on to pay any portion of the guarantee, Ail other sales eclipsed by 6wjft and Liytngbton's Stocktaking gale. For 21 days only. Gigantic bargains. Mb. UTxpBENSotfs Gas—Yttterday afternoon Mr A A- Stephenson, the patentee i t ***** * " been on tiew a t Mr J. E. Turner’s ostsblisbment (or a week ot two past, subjected his patent to kT thorough practical test. A committee o( • ten gentlemen were selected from those eent, including Messrs R, ' Muloaby," r S. Hore, J. B, Hickson, J . Bradley: M.H.A., T. Sea roll, T. Sheehy, R. Crawfor J- C. Tolman, Captain Muee, Dr Barnard, Mr O. L. Mather, and Rev.' C. H. Talbot, who were to watch the broteedlngs to see that they Were carried out in a strictly bona /uta manner, while repheeentattves of the Fiass were also in attendance. Prior to commencing Mr Mtdoahy announced that he had purchased aD the ingredients locally with the exception of two, and those ware supplied by M r Stephenson, as they could not be obtained In' Hobart. They were purchased rather under than over the price mentioned by Mr Stephenson, and what he had bought cost, together with what the patentee had secttred, toede ■tip fo llo w s |\b reein, £d; 4-gallon lolins, Is; 1 pintofterosene, 2d; 1 pint khale oil, Id i 2 tablespoonfule ether/id } 2 tablespoonfnls of salt, Old; 2 tablespoonfnls bi-sulphate of carbon, fid; camphorated chalk, 8d; oil of cloves, 8d. The gasoline and shale oil were supplied by Mr Stephenson, and samples Were taken by the Goto1 mittee to hare them tested to See that they were what they were represented. On Mr Searell devolved the work of miring the ingredients, und&r; tbe supervision of Mr Stephettion, who explained that the ^ gas took waB empty with the exception of hariog a little cottos waste io it, a sample of which was also taken. The receptacle by which tbe air was compressed was taken apart to see that all this was correct, after' which everything that could be tampered with was seeled up with wax end a. reel-, Directly after tbe miring the gab. Was ready for lighting, and the burners wbeh lit elume obt brightly and steadily. The intention is that the ingredients ok wtgyd )ply 200D feet of gas, hnd thbiiieter registered 6140 feet. The experiment ti expected to be concluded this evening. Our representative has the direction of how the various articles were mixed and can say that everything was done just ae Mr Stephenson said they' would be. To ensure that this teet should be perfectly satisfactory, Mr Stephenson will, if requested, pate 2000,feqt.otfcoal gas through th e . test rfiefcef in the name time, using the came sized piping and the same number of burners, at an equal pressure, which will tend to prove htimeter register correct. Good News.—One of the leading milling firms of tbe city advise their clients that they have reduced the prioe of flour 10s per ton. Their prices ahe #s follow Flottr, p&tobt; rtillef, JSlO; No 2 quality, JC8 10s s sharps and pollard, X5 10s; bran, lOd per bdsbel. Milling wheat, is sympathy with these prices, has come down to 8e Od. ■ ■ New Z xim m ’s LeoibLatoes.—1Tbe present session of tbe New Zealand Parliament has already established a record for personalities. There ti great bitterness of feeing between several legislators, and it is stated that two members of the House very nearly caae to blows in tbe lobby. There has also been a quarrel between a Minister and another member, and the matter Is to be brought up is the House, when a lively sbene Ls ex petted. There is much dticbssion as to whether the map referred to by tbe Minister of Lands in bis recent speech shall be published in Hansard. 1The Reporting of Debates Committee sup- !ports the publication of tbe tiap. L Ekasacke no Excuse.—Sergeant J. W. 'Walker, of the Royal Irish Fusiliers, at Colechester Camp, h u just been reduced by court martial to corpora) lor neglect of doty in not wearink hie busby and rifle when posting sentries on guard. The defence Was tbat Walker bad a violent headache from the close fitting ot his busby, which he left off for ease at the timeof guard-mounting. Prisoner had bad nearly 10 years’ service, and there previous reco ds against him. Platino th e ‘'Ghost.”—For a few nights past residents near the Bendigo Hospital, particularly women and children, have been scared by the masquerading of some idiot as a “ ghcst,” and several parties of young men have been on the “ ghost’s” traiL On Monday evening some of those on the watch heara piercing screams, and immediately a young lady ran atnoag them sod fainted. Hurriedly proceeding i direction whence the screams had they saw a form got up in ” ghostly” garments flying down the street. One of tbe party, who was armed with a gun, fired both barrels at the “ ghost,” who left tbe •treet and jumped over;a fence. In doing so he left behind him hi! white coveiing, which proved to be a long piece of white muslin, similar to that used in hospitals. The muslin showed signs of having been perforated with shot, but a careful search revealed no signs of blood. The individual, however, managed to escape. Are you a buyer of Clothing P If yon are, it is absolutely necessary you rhonld visit Sw ift and Livingston's Stocktaking Sale, 21 days onl F atal Mining Accident. — Following closely upon the blasting accident that happened at the Iroubark mine, Bendigo, last Monday week, which reaulted in ti death of Henry Newman, comes news another shocking accident a t the N* Cbum and Victoria mine, Iroubark, < Monday evening, when a miner named John Cerinia, 40 years old, was killed instantaneonily. With his mate, M. Hall the shift bon, he was engaged sinking the shaft below the 8076ft plat, the shaft being down 70ft below tbe plat. In accordance with the manager’s instructions, Hall seconded by tbe rope to the plat, examining the timber as he passed. He called out that some of the timber looked dangerous. Cerinia started to ascend to tbe plat by the rope, and be was just about 2ft from tbe bottom of the shaft when centre piece fell from the eastern cot parttnent about 40ft and Etrock him < the top of the head With a groan he fell to tbe bottom, and before hie mates could descend he expired. The piece of timber that struck him was Oins x Sins and 84ft long, and weighed about +0)bB, Cerinia was a married man. Comicebcial E ducation in Vienna.—On October 1 next an institution, called tbe Export Academy, is to be opened in Yienua, Austria, for the purpose of giving a thorough commercial training to Austrian youths, so that they may be fitted to extend their country's foreign business relations in a capable manner. The undertaking is the outcome of an opio: expressed not long ago by the Emperor Frencti Joseph, to the effect that every effort should bo made to encourage the export of borne industries, and to tbe attainment of that end the younger members of the industrial community should receive a special education in commercial matters, and also to qualify them to occupy the position of a Consul. A subsidy of 20,000 florins has been granted by the Government (or the institution, and the Vienna Chamber of Commerce ti also to contribute a like sum towards its support. Owing to the interest taken by Mto Government and tbe Chamber of Commerce the success of tbe Export Academy garded as assured. A Neobo's Disgust.—'There was a pretty scene in one of the intervals of the rsoiug at Henley recently. A carefully colored gentleman, equipped with a banjo, discoursed music for some time in the neighborhood of a houseboat. In due time he boarded the boat, and went round hat in band. When the collection was completed he looked into his hat, and exclaiming in i tone of ineffable disgust *’ Copper* f threw the contents into the unoffending river. A Swaomah’s Bank Balance.—On Saturday a awagman named Charles Lovell was admitted to the jgohnoa Hospital, suffering from a general break up and exposure. In the evening he died. On being admitted he told the matron that be bad no money but 8s and some odd' penoe, which he handed to her. O s his death, in hti swag was foond a Savir Bank book showing that he had £117 in Moama office. Adeposlt receipt for £ on the defunct Anglo-Australian Bank Yras also found. He w&s; a comparative stranger in the district. . y ’ CamBXDoa Ploughing Mator.—*Xtfe annual ploughing iimtcb ti to take'plaoe f t Greenfields on Wednesday. 14th iact. There are to be decided Champion, Second Class, Third Class, Fourth Glass, Trial of Saunters, and Chopping Match- To Maes Thinos Comtobtabls fob RobeignebS'—Aocording to the Osaka Asahi toe Board of Direotora of the Baoyo Bail- Way Company has itsued instructions to the staff in regard to the treatment of foreign passenger*. The directors - deem ft Meed#- eaty for the station staffs to study toe treatment of foreign passengers, as their number will increase on the new treaties d, nomihg into operation, and the servants of the Company are required to take care to avoid making things Unpleasant for the foreign passenger from trivial misconceptions. ft has been arranged to publish in toe daily traffic report English phtaseB for tho use of the employees .—Kobe ChrmitJ*. Refusing to Quit PftsoN.—Tbe Cttstool in Siam of marrying prisoners to unmarried girls has led to an offenoe unknown in any other land—that of refusing to quit a prison. "Aht-side, please/’ shouts the officials, while tbe prisoner clings desperately to his prison bars. The lady vtoiles. the prospective hubby yells, the Ring ti relentless, and the offender against hti country's laws finds .himself debited wltb another wife, including, of couite, Another mother-in- law. One result has been to lessen crime. Men do not fear h«»ing sent to gaol. It ti the coming out that scares them. .Rxt'iNED M instrilst.—The Butchers Variety Company journeyed to Bellerive tost night, and tbeir fame had undoubtedly preceded them, for they were greeted with an audience at the Mechanics’ Institute that filled tbe building to overflowing, and alargenrmbet were unfortunately turned away. The programme aabmit&od; was» good one, and tbe d o sed each item showed bow enjoyable it was W Ail. I* ti pleasing to see that the people ot Bellerive, While recognising true merit, also give their patronage when an object of a deserving nature ti before them, a distressed brother being sought to be assisted. DeirrisTaT Ajtona Red Indians.—By a curious coincidence, a dentist ih one of the towns of the State of New Y*rk has reoenfciyAticoferhd, from the examination of the skulls of certain Indians that tbty must have been well acquainted with the elementary principles of dentistry, for one ot the ekuLti contained several artificial teeth made of flint. The roots of the natural teeth had been removed, and in toe sockets were inserted these pieces of peculiarly shaped flint ■.Soihe. of toe Biggest Bargains ever known Ere to be bed at our Stocktaking Rale, 21 days only. Sw ift and Liyinosto;; H obabt Hunt Club.—The annual trial of hunters in connection with this Club will take place a t Btid on Park on Saturday next. There are 60 nominations for tbe five events, and everything augurs for a most successful day's outing- In the evening there will not be a Hunt Club ball, but a Hunt Club dramatic enterta nment in the TaSnlADi&n.; Hall, which should eerte as a pleasant wind tip id the day’s amttiemept. Indian Mission.—At tbe Mechanics' Hall this evening Mi$6 Bose White will give a lecture on India, illustrated by means of lantern views. The Hon. W. Hart will take the chair a t 8 o'clock, and proceeds are in diS of toe Circuit Funds. Co n tale scent Hosie.—To-morrow g in toe Town H&U; there will be a reties of tableaux vtcanis presented under the patronage and in the presence of Vtiooantes* Gorman stop in aid of the funds of the Victoria Convalescent Home. Poet O tsnvr F buit Boabd.—A meeting of this Board ti to be held at Harvey’s Hall oh Saturday for the purpose ot die* bheamendmente proposed by toe . w. Keish in to t Oodlin Moth ACL Cbicext Meeting .—The annual general meeting of the Hobart and Suburban Junior Cricket Association is to be held at the Rialto Rooms to-morrow, a t 6 p. C. McAllen presiding. Monday' s Conckbt.—On Monday night toe Batchers'* Minstrels will give another of their popular concerto in the Temperance Hall, which should meet with public favor, Fishing Tackle. — Messrs Bridges ■others have a fine assortment of fishing tackle and anglers’ requisites, and anglers should pay thus establishment a visit. The balance of cur Drapery Stook a t giviug-away prices for cash a t oar Stocktaking Sale, 21 days only. S v m and Ltvinobton. 