TIE lEi i!S« OF OEilALOIOii CONSECRATION OF REV. FATHER KELLY. AN IMPRESSIVE CEREMONY. f.By Teleghaph.'] (From Onr Own Correspondent.) Adelaide, August M. The Rev Father Kelly was conse crated Bishop of Geraldton at St Francis Xavier's Cathedral this rnorn iug. Among the -many ceremonies of the Catholic Church few excel the con secration of a prelate for pomp and circumstance as well as that of com pleteness of detail, which always distinguish- her functions. The ele vation to the episcopate of Father Kelly was attended with all the impressiveness and solemnity which properly belongs to such important occasions. The altar was resplendent with floral decorations and candela bra, and the beautifully- worked yest ments of the assistant bishops and the splendid robes of the attendant priests, the delicious strains of Guoi'od's 'Mass SolenmeDe,' and the soft light which filtered through the chancel windows aided in accentuating the stirring character of the surroundings and im ? parting a glow and color to the magni ficent spectacle. The ceremony 'was witnessed by a large congregation, though the cathedral was by no means crowded, half-a-crown being chargtd for admis sion to the naive. The Bishop-elect had been making his retreat at Glen Osmond, while both he and the consecrating Bishop, Doctor Corbett, of Sale, Victoria, who performed the rite of consecration in May, 1896, with respect to Dr Maher, fasted on the day previous. The proceedings began with the entry of the consecrating Bishop, attendants, and Bishop-elect, the procession moving towards the alfcar to the grand strains of Guonod's ' March Pontificale.' The consecrating Bishop, Bishop-elect, and assistant Bishop were then arrayed in vestments, and the consecrating prelate stationed . himself before the centre . altar, and the Bishop-elect and assistant bishops, having saluted him, the senior assistant Bishop informed the consecra ting Bishop that ' the Holy Church de mands that the priests present be raised to the episcopate.' The apostolic ' briefs were read before the whole con gregation, the Bisnop-elect. reading the oath given in the ritual. The examination of the Bishop-elect ? was then conducted by the con secrating Bishop, after which the mass ? of the day was begun and continued . down as far as the epistle. The Bishop - elect was again conducted by the bishops before the consecrating prelate, who said — ' It is the Archbishop's office to judge, to interpret Scrip ture, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptise, and to confirm.' Then all knelt while the Litany of the Saints was chanted. The Bishop-elect lay prostrate at the left oE the conse- - crating prelate as a sign o£ humility. . After the Litany and the prayers ap pointed all turned towards the altar as the ' Veni Creator ' was intoned. The ? consecrating bishop annointed the head of the knelt Bishop-elect with holy chrism, forming the sign of the cross on the crown, then annointing the remainder of the crown of the ? head, saying ' Be thy head annointed and consecrated in order of high priest by heavenly benediction, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' Next his hands were an notated and bound up with white linen by the consecrating prelate. The Bishop- ? elect then read the offertory at the altar of the chapel. Following this solemn office, the Bishop-elect presented him with two lighted torches, two loaves, and two barrels of wine, and continued, mass with the consecrating prelate, at the same altar partaking of the same host and chalice at communion. Towards - the conclusion of the holy sacrifice the mitre was blessed and placed on the ? Bishop- elect's head, who was then con ducted by the assistant bishops through the church. He impacted his blessing ? to the people and returned to the altar and gave the solemn pontificial blessing at the end of the mass. The whole ceremony, which lasted three ? hours, concluded by a procession from the altar, the choir singing Zingerles ' Laudate.' No sermon was preached. The Archbishop was en throned in the sanctuary, and wearing the cappa-magna, presided. The fol lowing were those who took part in ad- ? dition to the consecrating prelate : — Dr Maher, Port Augusta, and Dr Dunne, Wilcannia, Assistant-Bishops ; Rev. J. H. Morton, V.G., and Father McKillop, chaplains; Yen. Arch Priest Neviu, assistant priest ; Very Rev P. Hurley, deacon ; Father McEvoy, sub-deacon ?. Father Cosgrove.. master of ceremonies ; Father Cornes,.. assistant master of ceremonies ; Very Eev Father Vincent and Father Carroll,, assistants at the throne. The musical portion of the ceremony was rendered, by a powerful choir under the direction of Mr W. Gordon and deserves the highest enGoniums. Gounod's 'Solemn Mass ' was sung in its entirety. During ths week Father Kelly was the recipient of congratulatory addresses from various Catholic bodies. In the evening, at the Cathedral, Dr Kelly officiated at pontificial vespers and benediction. There was a large con gregation. Father Vincent, superior of passionists, delivered a powerful eulo^iuni. of the new Bishop, who was the second native-born Australian to be consecratsd during the last year or two. He had travelled all the way from West Aus tralia to receive the sublime coinnmnion. The present Archbishop had given Dr Kelly his first episcopal lesson, and what joy must it have been to the Archbishop that day t:- see that young man in the prime of life,, with a deeply stored mind and well versed erudition receive the unction of the church while he presided on the throne. Those whom Dr. Kelly had; left in West Australia would rejoice also. He was respected there for his high mindedness and was a zealous and loving friend of the flock. Father. Vincent- mentioned' that the cross which was placed on Dr Kelly's breast that morning was made o£ West Australian gold, collected by his' faithful children out of love for him. Dr Kelly will visit Melbourne ancl. Sydney, and return to West Australia, in about a month. 