NEWS FROM THE ISLANDS. Massacres by tho Natives. I -The steamer Moresby, 'which arrived from'' the Islands on Saturday, brought news of various, exciting events in inland 'llCo. Ono Si'hlch was intonsnly shocking wa3 a massacre Perpetrated upon the' crew of the 10-ton cut ter Sea Ghost, at Buka, Gorman Solomon Islands. 1 The cutter was under tho command of Captain Kolshorn, nnd was engaged with a. crew of six Bismarck natives oil a barter ing cruise. The Sea Gliost was coming to anchor, and Captain Kolshorn was in tlie rigging on the look-out for reefs, when the natives, who,' as usual, had put off in boats, crowded; j-ound the vessel. -Suddenly hordes of. savages darted their canoes forward, and swarmed- on board. Four of the nutlve crew fu tight desperately, and were despatched. The captain was killed as he descended from the rigging, anil was horribly butchered. Two native members of tlie crew were made prl- si'iiers, but escaped. The vessel was run asjiore, and was destroyed. The captain's body was' thrown Into the sea, and the re mains of the four natives were taken to tho village l'or a cannibal feast. It is understood Ihat' the German warship Falke will leave for tlie' scene' -of tlie outrage. 'Die Spanish troops stationed at Ponapo, In the- Caroline Islands, received a fright when the Falke appeared off the Island. The Span iards believed It to be an American warship, r.r-d preparations were made for resistance. Two Spanish gunboats were hidden among mangroves in shallow water, to prevent captqrS AVhen it was found It was the Fnllte I hoi-ei was -considerable jubilation. Tlio Span- isrdslrit' Fonape proved a temporarily, suc- ecreiul- unit, in the war, as a force of 100 set c.ul and captured un American trading schooner. The Yunkees later on clinched the situation by taking possession of tlie Carolines/ and so- the fluctuating fortunes ended.- 4-t the Solomon Group ILM.S. Mohawk fired a number i of huts and plantations, as re venge' for, the attack made oil Captain .'f. Pratt, '.'a trader. The natives litid deserted their villages. A- detachment from the Mo- ihriwlc proceeded to, Simbo, and . arrested a chief iri connection with a native massacre. Hie chief was very violent, and sprang over- board, but was recaptured. About fifty nutlves rind three Frenchmen deserted que of tho islands.. in the Saigon Qhannpl, owing to native disturbances, but .oft - protection being afforded by H.M.S. Mll- dura tliey returned. , > \ 