THE SPINSTER'S CHRISTMAS. MISS PRIME was the village spinster. There were, of course, several other maiden Indies of certain and uncertain age in Evandale, but, in the Batne way that many n-ires belong to their husbands, Miss Prime belonged to the residents of the little town. She was theirs in sickness and in health ; to the poor and to tbe rich, to the good and to the bad, she gave herself ; and when death appeared in any of the little homes, Miss Prime was always summoned. All of which proves that she was beloved in Evandale. She was a comely little woman, and looked not much older than she had looked fifteen years before, when her spinsterhood had com menced. That was when Elliott Scudder had gone away from Evandale. Every one knew that Angy Prime had Bent bim, that ber heart had gone with bim, that she would thenceforth listen to no words ot love, that the love etory of her life bad been told. Many and varioUB were the ways in which her neighlwurs tried to lighten the loneliness of her life, and there was an unspoken com pact among them that sbe should never be left alone on holidays. On Christmas, on New Tear's Day, at Thanksgiving, she was always invited to join Bome family group. i)eep in ber heart the little woman knew that this was all pre-arranged. While abe was well aware that she was not looked on in the light of a burden, ihe knew that she was invited out of sympathy, and sympathy is often an alias of charity. Sometimes— but only to herself, of course— Miss Prime re belled, and wished that she might have tbe courage to refuse the kindly invitation, but she never had ; at least she never had had until this particular Christmas. Tbe invitation to eat dinner with Mrs. Tail bad been duly delivered, and Miss Prime was sitting at ber little rosewood desk pre paring to write her acceptance. Suddenly she determined that sbe would not go ; ibe would refuse for once. She hurriedly wrote \- note declining the invitation, and, hastily putting on her bonnet and shawl, took it im mediately to the post-office, thus giving her self no time to change her mind. Wben she reached bome again she closed the doors and drew down the blinds, so that if an; one from Mrs. Tait came to inquire her reason for this unusual aot it would appear as if she were out. Having started in upon a career of deception, Mis3 Prime found that one white lie bad to be followed up with anotber: but she needed time to form ber plans, time to invent a reason for baring re fused to dine with a neighbour on Christmas Day. All day long she sat in her kitchen thinking over what she should say. Night is an early visitor tn December, and in the shaded kitchen Miss Prime's work fell from her hands long before it was tune for tea. She leaned her head back against the cushioned rocker, and a little procession ot ghostly ifi passed before her eyes. There was the Christmas that might have been it she had not listened to those idle tales— if he bad not gone away without asking her reasons tor sending bim. There might have been a merry little group around her table, if— there might have been childish voices at Art Christmas tree, if ? And then a strange resolution formed itself in Miss Prime's mind. She would have the tame dinner that she would have had for him and for them. No one would know I And why might sbe not have the joy of preparing a real Christmas dinner just once ? To say that Miss Prime's response to Mrs. Tait's invitation caused consternation in Evandale would be to eipress it mildly. It was the one subject of gossip at tea tableland other meeting places. Christmas Day broke wild and stormy. In the little spinster's honse there was an unusual air of festivity, but it was a ghostly festivity, for an immense Bilenee reigned. Once or twice Miss Prime essayed to sing a Christmas carol, but at last she gave it up. ' I declare to gracious,' sbe cried, 'I do believe you're plum craiy, Angelina Prime! Suppose Bomebody should come in and find you carrying on like this! A home for the feeble minded'd be tbe next place you'd be asked to.' In a lew moments, however, sbe rose from the rocker, walked to tbe door of the best room, and opened it. There was spread the Christmas table ; a tiny branch of fir bending with Christmas candies and gilded nuts, with red cheeked apples and golden oranges, oc oupied the center ; around it were drawn fonr chairs, and on it wen covers for fonr. Tears ?prang to Miss Prlme't eyes as she plaoed the turkey on the well-loaded table, seated her self, and then bowed her head. ' For what we— I ? ' Her words ended in a moan. Her Christ mas comedy had turned to tragedy. The empty chairs of imagined hnshand and chil dren mocked her loneliness. For almost the first time in fifteen years the dreariness of ber life confronted her, and the unshed tears of fifteen years before fell thick and fast. Tbe turkey had grown cold, the candles were burning low, bnt still Miss Prime sat before her family table. She heard a knock at ber door, but paid no attention to it. Then realizing that only some one in need would be abroad on Christinas night, and in such a Btorzn, sbe rose to answer the summons. She extinguished the candles, and as she closed the door of the best room, she looked it and slipped the key into her pocket. No one should know of ber folly. For an inistant the glare from Miss Prime's kitohen light flared ont on to the snow. Then .- the man who had knocked stepped inside, ' J and, taking the lamp from the woman's shak ng hand, placed it on the table. Neither had spoken, for to Miss Prime this was bnt anotber of the day's ghosts, and although the man had planned many phrases, in the pieaenoe of the woman he had loved for fifteen )ears and more his tongue was tied ' Do you still believe that I am not worthy ot your lore, Angy !' he said at last It wai almost ss if he had been gone from ber fifteen minuU. instead of nftem yean »nd her answer was (riven aa it would have been bad he come back for an explanation in that far away past. ^^ ' No, I never did believe that.' ?but jou listened to thestoriei against me.' ' I— I didn't believe them.' ? ' But you sent me from yon.' ? I only wanted to be sure that I loved you.' ' And you are sura now F' ' Te«, fell.' After a little while Ufa, Prime said shyly : ' Our supper's ready, HI.' Then ?crimson flush dytd her cheeks. ' GoodneW safes,' she cried, ' you sit right here and don't move until I call you 1' Then the disappeared into the best room. The Inures, fork., plstw, glasses, aspUiit, snd chain wen quickly removed from the «'- * *? Uble, and when lbs PHn. oslled her lover she added : 'I thought it would look more *~Ji*il- for you to see the Uble set for two.' 