THE CULT OF HOCUS POCUS. There are those who claim to discern, at this century end, the dawn of a new Age of Faith. Whether they are right or wrong need not be discussed at present. But there can at least be no doubt that society, in its eternal quest cr diversion, has lately seen fit to inaugurate a new Age of Credu- lity. A perverse and sensation- loving generation, tired of the amusement of plucking out the heart of every mystery, has sought relief and variety in a reckless reaction of miscellaneous super- stition. Not long ago we found de- light in explaining away all the ghost stories on the grounds of pure reason, and chortled in our joy when some wretched spirit 'medium' 'was challenged to make good his pretensions and exhibit his, supernatural powers amid the unpropitious surroundings of a metropolitan police court. To- day, grown weary of our pose of enlight- ened scepticism, we welcome pro- fessional dealers in 'psychical' tomfoolery with open arms, and present the freedom of our drawing- rooms to every variety of mystical quack. Bond-street sibyls drive a trade of which Lily or Nostrodamus would not have been ashamed, and the whole tribe if astrologers, palm- ists, crystal-gazers, and diviners waxes fat and flourishes as if the clock of the world's progress had been put back a few centuries. But this is not all; for the new craze for dabbling in old magic refuses to satisfy itself with the consulta- tion of seers and star- gazers. Their restored popularity is being accom- panied by the resuscitation of all kinds of small superstitions to which, only a few years ago, no- body would have dared to make open profession of attachment. Charrns, armulets, and talismans are already having their share in this extraordinary revival, and find increasing favor among the faith- ful of the new cult, who will assure you with grave effrontery that they have proved their 'luck' to be vi- tally influenced by these fetishes. Nor is this particular phase of ab- surdity confined entirely to the trin- ket wearing sex, for there are not wanting men who cherish a collec- tion of drilled coins with scrupulous care, and who would be seriously perturbed if their 'lucky money' were missing on the eve of any im- portant undertaking. Women, how- ever, are Undoubtedly the worst victims of this form of metal afflic- tion, and the loss of some cabalistic bauble in which they have put their trust will suffice to fill them with the direst forebodings of impending calamity. With such, the mere dis- covery of an omission to put on the special ring, or charm, or jewel in which these fateful properties are supposed to reside in enough to spoil the pleasure of the most en- joyable of social functions; and there are those who are not asham- ed to confess that they would as soon wear a boa-constrictor round their necks as an ornament of pearl. It would not so much mat- ter if there were nothing more in all this than in any other spasmodic out- break of social silliness. The worst of this superstition craze is its power of entailing acute discomfort upon its devotees and their friends. The most amiable of hostesses can hardly be expected, for instance, to learn with resignation that one or other of her guests 'really daren't sit-down to table, you know,' until the 'lucky' trinket which she has forgotten is fetched by special mes- senger—a situation involving the heartbreaking' alternative of a spoilt dinner or a spoilt party. With the vogue of the amulets and talismans, too, is returning that of the various omens and portents that claimed the homage of mediae- val credulity, and it is an exaspera- ting fact that the great majority of these 'signs' are prophetic of dis- aster. From the list of such re- vivals the thirteen at table tradi- tion may fairly be omitted, for it has to be owned that this, at least, has managed to maintain its in- fluence unimpaired, even when its kindred beliefs and legends have been at their lowest point of dis- credit. Even among those who resolutely withstand the new move- ment, and are as contemptuous as ever of all other forms of supersti- tion, there are very many—probably a majority— who would incontin- ently draw the line if invited to dine with 12 other persons, or who would at least comply 'with severe inward qualms if constrained to do so by anxiety to save appearances. The 'thirteen' superstition, indeed, has somehow been successful in assert- ing its vitality, both i nthis and in other connections, to an extent that has in no way been affected by the efforts of those who imagined that its life could be beaten out by the agency of a 'Thirteen Club.' In a less' degree, the 'Friday' legend has shown something of the same ten- acity ; but these have been excep- tional survivals, among educated people, of the countless traditions of a similar nature and purport which were once accepted, as the theologians say, 'always, every- where, and by all.' If the retired superstitions and omens, or even some of them, are to have a fresh term of active service now and in the immediate future, it is to be feared that we are in for an era of individual and collective discomfort, the rigors of which can hardly be realised in advance by the pro- moters of the new craze. The story of the victim of credulity who stepped from the pavement to the roadway to escape the 'ill- luck' incurred by walking under a ladder, and was forthwith run over by a cab, has a moral which may be use- fully commended to those who are seeking amusement in the revival of similar precautions against unto- ward fate —'World.' 