OUR TELEPHONE. Gall the gallimt captain ! Pat the double accent on the adjective ! You're a hold «», I'm sure ! t No frivolity 1 You lady operators are bold tine , if you like! Don't you be spiteful 1 The gallant or gal-ant skipper is here ! What ho ! Ship ahoy ! How does she head, noble captain 2 This one heads prettily 1 A friz and a bang— No rhetorical fireworks, please 1 Speak like a British seaman should ! Shiver my timbers but this one's a credit to her Bex ; and can hold her own in Beveral different electric languages ! Can she hold her tongue in them ? Dare say she could if she liked ! But what a pretty little mouth — Shut up) and attend to business 1 We thought you were a good sort of a religionist, for a sailor 1 For a sailor, indeed 1 Why not a sailor as good as any other man ? Why not to you ! He might be as 'good, but he seldom— Qow do you know? Give us the same chances as other fellows get and— You'd do a stroke no doubt ! However, so far as you are. concerned you're not; a bad sort of a fellow for cburcb purposes, ahd you are a real help to & choir, when they get you handy. That's juBt where It is ! Can't always be haudyl Must obey orders I That's the first article in a sailor's catechism 1 Duty to your Company ! Very good morality, so long as it. is not too exacting ! But the principle may be difficult for you to carry out, without paining your conscieuce occasionally ! A sailor's conscience is not like a two inch hawser ! It is a trifle more elastic than that 1 It may relax without breaking. True for you, and neatly putl What are you driving at ? Only this I We have cried you up as being a sturdy advocate of a quiet and proper Sunday. And you did right 1 Them's my Rentiments to a nicety. Well, the elasticity of which we have just spoken sterved you last Sunday. As how ? What innocent sin did I com mit ? Didn't you leave port that day ? Had to 1 Company so ordered it, and I had to obey ! Just so ! So the duty principle came in, ; possibly unwillingly ! No quite so bad as that 1 Those that go dowu to the sea in ships Good logic, no doubt, but yours is a steamer, and — Dou't be hypercritical ! A steamer's a ship, spite of all your special pleading ! And & skipper's a captain spite of all op position, and — What about that ? Why didn't you skip the Sunday leaving and— And what? Go to Church and sing ! Ting ! Ting ! * * * - Switch us on to the Secretary of the Cundle Football Club ! Mr. Blackburn attends I Well, how's the premiership going this year, Boomerang ? Going 1 why to Cundle, of course 1 All the boys are as fit as fiddles, and we intend to win it this time ; to do the ' hat trick !' The othfer chaps have not tbe ghost of a chance ! We let Taree win on Saturday to save trouble you know. Glad to hear jou ore so confident! Good bye ! Ting ! ting ! * * * Let us have a word with Mr. John Gilbert ! He's on ! Good-day, Jack 1 We would like to know how your club feel about the premiership ? Soft snap this time for us ! We've only got to down Cundle on Saturday, and then the others wont count ! We can waltz home with it, and wont we look A1 with the medals ? Thai's right I A good heart half wins a battle ! and the way your fellows played that final matcli last year show they have plenty of that ! Tat ta. Ting 1 Ting ! * * * Mr. Herbert O'Neill, please ! He's switched I You don't say so ! When did it come off? Who was the young lady ? Hello, there 2 What's &U; this? Well, you need not have kept it so quiet ! We ruug you ap to have a word about the foot ball premiership, and the young lady at the exchange told us you were switched ! Ah ! I sec yon took the wrong meaning ! Will let you know in plenty of time when it docs come. Well, we are sorry for the disappoiutment ! but how is the premiership going ? It is as good as won ! In fact our chaps think it is a waste of time playing the next two matches ! The medals might be ordered for us, so that we can have them as soon as the match is over* Ting ! ting ! * * * Mr. Bert Elliss, please ! Well, Mr. Editor, what do you want? Just to hear how you feel about the premiership ! Foregone conclusion! After that match last Saturday I can't understand how the other clubs agreed to any more fixtures ! Of course we expeck them to forfeit, as it will only be absurd of them to ,play against us ! I am just going round to pick the medals. Ting 1 Ting ! 