? A DETECTIVE STORY. [ALL RIGHTS SHIWIB ] CHAPTER XXV. TBB LISI STIIORE. Bit Li WHENCE L. LVNCH, Author of No Proof," " Moina," Ac. Publuktd by tpteial arrangement witt ITmn. Ward., Lock # Co, «<L Ai .the. solicitor turned toward the newcomer, Mr Myers, theman and woman exchanged glances, and while he m still confident, not to ray defia he looVod to the unobservant solicitor with a nerrous, apprehensive glanoe, And leaning toward her would bare whispered a word of hi* anxiety; bat she shook her head, and the ne moment the solicitorwas naming them etch other and, as Mr Myers paused before the lady, continued with the utmost directness— " Mr Myers, th ; 6 lady denies the existence of any and all American heira. She fears youmay bare been deceive Do you know thisman Brierly to be living at present f " 1 believehim to be living." "Mr Myers.' ! said the lady, sweetly, " IAm very sorry to think or say it, you have certainly been grossly tricked If yon have seen a would-be claimant, you have seen a fraudulent one. How long,may 1 ask, since you left Americ "I have been in England for some time, and I will adroit, madam, that I not quite understand this case in all its details. Still,may it net be possible th yon have been misled ? There seem t have been complications." He checked himself, and appeared to be -considerin his next words, then he resumed—" i think I can help to clear up this und standing. I brought withme here a youngman lately from 4 he United Sta He claims to have seen' Mr Brierly ve recently. With your permission I will Ask him to join us." The Lathams again exchanged swift glances, and theman gave his head A q negative shake. But the solicitor wen promptly to the door. They did not he the brief order he gave the boy, and did notcome back at once. ' Who is this young American who h scon the invisible ? And how came he here to-day?" asked the man,"who*nai now frowning heavilyAnd moving restlessly in his seat. " What is hi*name Mr Myers had picked up a book ofT desk, and was turning its pages slowly. He seemed hardly to hear the fellow's words. "He's a very bright young fellow," l said, musingly. " 1 don't think he wou be easily deceived. He's quite a e'erer detective, in his way." He was studyin the pair from under bent brows. Just then Mr Latham's hat fell from his h to the floor, and before he had recaptu it, the solicitor had entered, followed b a serious-faced young man,whom he carelesslynamed to the two strangers. " Sir Grant." The lady's hand went suddenly to h heart, and her face was ashen beneath the dotted veil. Are you ill, madam?" " A twinge,"' she faltered. " It's neuralgia," declared the man, drawing his chair toward her. "She's subject to these sharp attacks. Better, Bessie ?' She nodded, and fixed her eyes upon *' Mr Grant," towhom Mr Myers saying— " This lady. Grant, is positive that th Brierlys ofwhom you have talked to m Are notnow living. There has been tricking somewhere, and deception. Will you help us to understand one another THie lawyer's face had grown very grav Francis Fenaro acstel himself directly before the woman, whose eyes never l his face now, and were growing visibly apprehensive. "There has been more than tricking, worse than deceit here, and if Iam to make it clear to you, madam, I must begin at the beginning. So far, at leas AS I know it." Thewoman bent her head slightly. Go on," aaid the man. He had neve aeen Ferrari either in propria ptrsena, orAS Ferriss Grant. The detective began with a brief sketc of the Brierly brothers, and then described vividly, the discovery of Charles Brierly's dead body beside the lake at Glenville. He paused here and his voi grew stern as he resumed— "I had never seen Charles Brierly in life, but, standing beside his dead body looking down into that face so lately r spired by « manly, strong sou',""! knew that here Was murder. There was no possibility of accident; and such men, know, do sot plasat death by meeting him half nj! It was a murder, and y he had.«H)enomies, they said. j,"* The ease interestedmo from tUefir "and when I had aeen the sorrow of t Cair girl he loved.And who loved him gave mysfec eagerly to the work of se ing the author of this cowardly blow. "That night I walked the strecCi of Glenville alone, and, passing a certain fashionable boarding house, 1 saw, in room lighted only by the late moonbeam the shadow of a woman, who paced t floor with hor bare arms tossing Alof pantomime of agony, or shame." He glanced about him. The twe lawyers trace standing side by side ne the door, erect and stern. The man the chair opposite was affecting an in credulous indifference. Tho room was intensely still when tho voice ceased a no one stirTed or spoke. " Next morning, early, I viewed tlio scene of the crime,And saw how easi the destroyer might have crept upon a unsuspecting wcttm,owing to information of the shore, the Adter of the trees en shrubs, And the protection of the curvin Indian Mound. Mierehadbeen showers two days before, And tn certain spots where the sun did not nenebate, the earth was still jnosifc Under a huge tree, just where the slayer might have stood, I found theprint« a dainty shoe or rather the/pointed toe of it. In tw other shtltandjplaoep Ubond marls o other footprints, eind,* little : dff .the road in a damp of aitderirash, .f found tw well-formed footprint*, All alike, «mall And (minted at the toe.;Bat I found something more in that bawl thitiiafound my first convincing, convicting clue. It was just a scroti, a uircad of black muinning TcD.i^a' si widows wear. Later I found A poor simpleton who had been in the wood on the m ing of the murder, sadmho had been horribly terrified, for a time he woul only cry out that he Lad seen A gh buc by and by he grs* more commun tive, and from what he {hen paid—fo deicribed the 'ghost'at last as A thin all whita with a .bladeEsse—X knew h to account for a white fragment which found not far from the -black one. A hired carriage had pasted over that lak side road on that fatal" morning and I learned that the lap covpr with it. 'large and white.' enoo^h to cover awoman of femsll stature, who, w a black veil drawn dose across her features, and rising suddenly from Amon that clump of hazel, could easily terrif simpleton into leavins the place where h presence was a menace." He paused A moment, but he might well lir.re been looking upon carven statues. No one stirred, no one spok and he resumed his fateful story. "Then came the inquest. I believed even then, that I knew the hand that took Charles Brierly's life. Bat I did not know the motive, and, until I did my case was a weak one.' Besides, a woman sometimes Atrikds and still deserves our pity and protection, must know the motive' I said,And wai Then, at the inquest,-as. Robert Brierly the brother of the dead man, whose .ivsence in the town was known to only a few, cams forward testify, a woman, who did not know him, andwhom he did not know,' fain at sight of him, and was taken out of court. Then I knew the motive.' "Ah-h-hP A queer sighing Bound escaped the lips of thewoman sitting stonily erect before him; but' he hurr on. _. " But knowledge is not always proo in a court of law—and J most have pr That night a woman, dressed as A bo by courageAnd cunning combined, forc her way into the rooms so lately occup by Charles Brierly, ' Fear .of detection had begun its work upon her -mind, a she wont, most of all, to try and thro nt, justice off the trade. lh r Bnerly'e desk she left a letter, very conspicuously placed, an anonymous Letter, eo frame as to throw suspicion upon" the dead man's betrothed. This Again showed th st woman's hand. She also carried, away watch, to a pistol, and some ^foreign jew lery and dainty bric-a-brae, to' make th workfteem that of a thief ; and last, s found, upon a letter file, a newspap dipping, which she also carried away. she had left that I might have overlook d. its value. As it was, I found the pap from which it had been cut, secured second copy, and discoveredmy cine the tangle. It was an advertiaeihent fo thehe irs of one Hugo Paisley, and I s bnt found that the Brierly brothers were th sought-for 1 heirs. Then I knew that Robert Brierly's life was'also menaced, and I warned him, and tried to set a guard a f" about him. : ? In the meantime a boat had. been found, do not far from the scene of the shooting; ft had been seen on the lak that morning and its occupant was a sp keeping watch up and down the toad, a o the hillsides, while his confederate car g ried out their programme of death. I had already fixed upon the woman, ar now er, we bc^an to look for the man." Just' here theman calling himself Latham tes. .got up stiffly, and moved tow ry the window near the clerk's desk, whe he leaned against the casement, as if looking down upon the street No one seemed to notice him, and^the' narrato uick went on t " And now I had to find myconvincing ar proofs of the motfye an£ the he deed. . The brothers Briery": wprp, al unknown to themselves thehdjis to th Paisley as estates, and of Hugo. Paisley, descent. Through some .error the mn Tlorerntrf-Cbartes-^rjeriyhsd-beenlBdtor think him the aole living member of t family, T" and when Rabert Brierly {stoo -forth the at the inquprt^ thewcauan jfhp shot down his bitdher'v^h Jliia' And heart of steel -fell fainting it tWeighto him, and, perhaps, atthethou£ht of h ie wasted crime. - _>*"' .»'' ld "Andnow it was aidrawn-game, in which both sides were forced to move with g caution, and, foratime, I could on watch the woman, on the one hand, a and the safety of Robert Brierly on the oth red for he now stood between the plotters a their y goaL "But despitemy watchfulness, the second blow fell, and the first time Robert Brierly ventured upon the cto er street alone, after dark, he was struck down, almost at his own door. It was dangerous injury, and, lest theinnaimin should find a way to complete their wor we took him away, as soon as he could moved." Thewoman was sitting very erect no her eyes smouldering behind the gleam ing glasses, her hands tightly clinched upon her knee. " I knew that we must force the iss then," Ferrara went on. "And Mr Myers e came over here to substantiate h client's e. claim to the Paisley estates, en to look up the pedigree, the past and sent history, of the other claimants. Ho well f he succeeded need not here be to e. He did succeed." Mrs Latham had risen to her feet, an eft for a moment, seemed etrngglhig for co posure, and the power to speak-dearly. " All this," she said then, " which is very strange, does not explain why yo disputemy claim in favor of a dead m As t, for this murder—if you have proved what you charge *" "One moment," Ferrara broke in. r, "Letme add, in tha£ connection, tha one night one ofmy agents, in the c racter of a burglar, enteredthis woman room h at her hotel in Glenville. She found in a trunk, the veil from which black fragment, found on the bssh, w torn; and also a suit of boyji clothe ce The veil she brought awgjythe clothes were given away to s^fwwoman on this morning,.Rod she sold them tom agent. , As for the man, he had been e- vtaced by the stolen watch and jewelle ornaments. He tried to NII,- and did pawn, them .in Chicago, in' New York and I here in London, ,In fact tike'c of evidence is complete ; nothing more needed et to convict these two."*- • ThewomanV face was white' and s st, *' After all," she said in a hollow voic he "you have not'proved that th$ .Paisley , estate I is not mine, lw right.Mr Brierl eka share the^inheritance^ One mo the elder, being dead f* " Evan eo, the second wife of Gasto Latham cannot inherit, and her brothe even in the character of brother-in-law cannot ment," s, for thewoman seemed about he apeak. " Letme end this. Last nigh t in room A number eight at a certain caf6 heard the plotters in conference, and know that the daughter ofMrs Crame ar who would have inherited after the in Brierlys, is dead The game -up, Mr . Harry' Levey:. . You and your sister have ^in&d;^jtwo heavy nd strokes at -the tuiMmeMiu- Wo noble women, and the; WBS orU^g but the finalatnjSls^fitfAud now ly, Mrs Jamieson, if that is-Jjuf He did n n finish the sentence. Inpjxiui Levey drawn closer And Soaer to lite inner door, d while Femua %oke, and imw w a g swift spring ho haded himself again it, plunged forward And would have , fallen had not Ferrars,-alirays alert, bounded after liimjand fwijdit lum as fell. For the inner<3obr ltad opened su denly, at fats tenclv jand when Penan drew , the now »liuggling .man backwar o, And away from it,the others in'tha roo f, fir, in w'dognipy,»«aAn andwoman hide?>y /i side. *'* ;.'".. ṣ , o At sight of Robert Baeriy's face jht . woman, who had the ordeal' of I denunciation tod -conviction almost frith out a quiver, threw up ber hfcarfa, an nttaring a shrill •czeam, of mortal a terror and taglit^M forward npon jfc face.' •" . - Then came amoment of excited mo ornd andjhe coolness and energy ot the det ment, —' which would have been confusi bat for the quick ,J *-— *- —' - • wit of Ruth GUdden ost, tive. ica-Whilr gling he like a fiendin tiie gcasp of fou the~entrapped villain was strag g strong men, Bath knelt beude the fa ow woman and lifted her head. I The,nextmoment two or three office came hastening in, and Ferrara and Brietfo; e _ seeing their captive in safe hands, came together to her aid. She looked ujp at them with a questioning face. ith Did you know V -she asked, her fa fall of honor. '"Did you know her f g Ferrara nodded, uid as the officers l y their a captive cursing and blustering, ou is at one door, he lif'ed the'aensdesa woman and carried her to the couch the as inner room. ** Bring water!" Ruth commanded, e, "and leave her to me." AB the two men,dosed the door be tween , them and the two so strangely ferent women, Brierly laid a hand upo the detective's shoulder. , *' Ferrara," he said, " what did .Ruth meant Who is that terrible woman? And how is she concerned in your stor It is time that I should know the trot ted. "Quite time. Thatwoman is Mrs. Jamieson, , or the person you knew und that name. She is deveriy diiguised, ba I expected some such trick. . She went 'the States' to rid herself of you and your brother; And she took that man who ted is really her own brother, and w tried to kill you, as her fellow crimina *' And did she " Brierly stopped shuddering. " She shot your brother: there is no ied doubt of it." "My God! And I thought " They fwere alone in the office, and Brierly ōof. dropped weakly into the nearest chair y, and dropped his face upon his *i»nd« ed " Ton thought," finishedFen ied that I was interested in the woman. was. I suspected her from the very fir and eo did Hilda Grant" w In the inner room Mrs Jamieson opened her eyes and looked np to me the gaze of the furwoman who was i all d things what she was not. Ruth bent over, a glass of water in h e hand. a " Drink this, Mrs Jamieson," she sa simply. ele A shudder like a death throe shook th he recumbent form. She lifted herself by one er elbow, and caught at the glass, If drinking greedily. Then, still hnWtng the ed glass, she said slowly— er " Then you knowme T" a "Yes." to "Howf r oon " Bv your voice, a little, bat mostly what e Mr Ferrara said." Mr Ferrara !" she gasped. " Do you mean him?' Imean theman you have called Grant. Did you never guess that he w a detective T' "And he knew?' And thewoman arose to her full height, and again, as e a night long since, and in another coun try, taerarmswoe tossed above her head nd as Ruth nodded her answer, and for a -moment her face was awful to look up so tortured, so despairing, so full of d wrath and wretchedness and BOUI tortur and heart agony, forwomen can love a Buffer, though their souls be steeped i ard crime. re Ruth, who had taken the half empti glass from he»" hand as she straggled e her feet, now put it down, and, startle r by "her look and manner, moved towar the door, .but the woman, her face -ghastly, cried " Stop T with such agonised entreaty that the girl drew back. ll "-'. " Don't 1 —I cant eee him yet—W e —Letme " She sank weakly back by r- upon the couch,,and Ruth noted, while taming away for a moment, how her hand toyed with her 'dainty walchguard he in - seeming self fargetfnlness, drawin d, forth the little watch, a moment later had and looking at it, as if .the time was n of importance. Then she threw herself f badk-agaioat the cushions. er "My—vinaigrette—my bag!' «he moaned between gasping breaths. The little ba^ had been left in the outer office, where it had fallen from lap, ly and Rnth opened the door of com munication nd a little way and asked for saying, er, as Ferrara came towards her, "Not nd yet." , As Rath turned bade, she heard a sharp little dick, like the quick of a watch-case, and when she held oa the vinaigrette, Mrs Jamieson was swa lowing the remainder of the water in th a n glass. k, " Your salts, Mrs Jamieson." d . be Thewoman looked up with a v ild scared look in her eyes, and held out, an instant, the little jewelled watch. w, - "For years," she said,-in a slow, strange monotone,** I have faced and feared danger, and failure. For years have been prepared!- Because ofmy ue, cosardice, andmy conscience, I have always kept a way of escape." Her fin gers is fluttered aimlessly and the watch fe d upon her lap. Her last words seemed prew grew suddenly ghostly grey. Both sprang come through stiffening lips.' Her bee towards ld. the door. " Don't let himcome yet." With the words d, Qia dyingwoman seemed to co m- lapse, and sank limply bade into the cushions; her head drooped, her chin s dropped. terror, u Ruth an. and flung the open four the men—for. door with the a two cry lawyers had returned from their escurt duty—gathered about the couch. They saw a shudder pass over the limp fram t The fingers fluttered again feebly, there ha- was a spasmodic stiffening of -the figu and 's that was the end, Four weeks later a group of people were the standing upon the deck of a hom as ward bound eteamer, about to set out es. upon her ocean voyage. They were fi in number, and they were welcoming each in turn, the man who had just ly y joined them. There had been a quiet wedding, a l days d before, at a little English church and Ruth Glidden*—^ become Both , Brierly as simply as if she were nut hain' heirfms, and her newly-made busbuid n the is owner of Kngliah lands, houses, stocks, aiid factories,. that changed him into' a millionaire. et e, "1 aee no good reason for Brierly was saying, as he grasped the y, hand of Ferrars, whose congratulations had been hearty and sincere. Neiiher ofu have need to oonsalc aught save our o n wishes; and besides our nmwt frien •re r, with as," , "Besides, - 41 interposed the smilinj woman at his side, " we have been an to eumbranee npon Mr and Mis Myera f t, so long—And it was really the tmly con , ventional I way to relieve them of so ma charges. I And. then"—here she lowered r, her tone, and glanced towardsHilda Grant, who, having already greeted Fe rars, was standing a little aloof—" we can now make a bome for Hilda, an have a double claim iiin her. 1 " "Tnallofwhiohyouhav smiled Ferrars. "My orily .regret is tha ' ot er unjleaaant element, but yoamay as w hear it from me." He beckoned the ve- others to approach ; and, -when they on dose about him, eaid, speaking low a gravely: , " ec- 1 Quarrelsome Harry 1 has oscapod the punishment of the law." " escaped !" It was Mr Myers -wh -repeated the wcr-1. " Do you mean—? r "I mean that he is dead. . He wasd llen while trying to escape. He had feigne illness so well that they were taking h rs to the hospital department. He tried a rash and a surprise,-but it «nded fata for h'm- He was shot while resisting arrest." " It is better so," said Mr Myers "They have been their own executioner ce What could the law have added to th punishment f ed " Only the law's delayB," said Fernr t and then he turned to Hilda Grant " This is not a long good-bye," he sa gently. in "At least I hope not. I shal be back in'the States* soon. And,m not BTOL find a cousin there I Or mu I stand again outside the barrier alone \- " You will always find an Affectionat difn And row it was time to lea^e the s cousin," said Hilda, putting out her han All round them was the harry of delay farewells, the bustle of late comma, t shifting of baggage,BmQes, tears, last y words. I h." Fetxais would remain for A time in London, but he knew, as he answered the er call "all ashore," that whenhe return to t the United States he would findin o of to her fair western cities, a warm welcom and a lasting friendship. ,' The plot, by which the beautiful tigre heartedwomanwhom ho they bad known Mrs l." Jamieson had hoped to achieve , riches, was cleverly planned. The r claimant bad died in a remote place, an t there a were no near friends to look aft her interests, or those of her -young children. And then Harry Levey's sister beautiful, and an adventuress, from choice, like her brother, had beguiled Gaston tptham, and had, by frequent changes of abode, by canning, and by 1 fraud, merged her own personality int that st, of the formerwife. Then had com the baffling discovery of heirs in Americ the plotting and scheming to remove et them from their path—and the shamefu n end. Ferrars is a strange fellow," said Robert Brierly to his wife, one moonlig night, as they sat together, and somewh id aloof from the others on deck. "Do you know he was the sole attendant, exce for e her servants, at that woman's buria He went in a carriage alone. Was it from sentiment, or sympathy, think yon T" It was the first time the deadwoma had been spoken of, by either, since t trying day of her exposure and death, and Bath was silent a moment, before by she answered ; the awful scene comin vividly before her. Then she put her hand within her husband's arm, and sa slowly, softly— " It was because he is a goodman ; because as she was awoman without a friend, and because she loved him." TherewaB a long silence, and it was Ruth on who next spoke. \- " Have you ever thought, or hoped, that , the friendship and trust that has grown oat of Hildas relation to Mr on, Ferrara might, sometime, end in some thing more ?" e " No, dear, and this is why: Yeste day, Ferrara said tome' There is a frie n over in Glenvillewhom I hope you w not forget. Let him he your guest. ied And, if the day should come when yo sweet to sister that was tobe should ent ed society and be sought by others, give t rds doctor his chance. He has loved her from the first'" \- Rath sighed. " Hilda is. too yonng to go through ait the 1 world loveless and alone. Yes, an too sweet And the doctor is a noble man. Bat all this wemay safely leav to the future, and to their own hearts , g , 