A BAG OF GOLD COMPLETE IS THIS ISSVB. ' CHAPTER. I, '. i - v ' t . \ i J. MAGLAREM COBBAN. corxaiasT. "WTT was market '.8. day in Ful- T: ford i und, . Ja' moreovor, it was the day of ' the Ooto- bor oattlo fair. Farmers and thoir mon, young and old, for' tweiity milos round, wandered' about tho orowded inar- ket-plaoo, ohew- ing 'straws or grain, ororacking nuts won at tho cockshics, thoughtfully feel ing the fat on tlio rumps of heifers, or on tho backs of sheep and pigs, or looking into the mouths of horses to bco how old thoy were. Young Stubhs,:of Serooby;. was an excop-' tion to the general rule of occupation. Ho seemed to havo nothing to do, and 'to have no' interest in anything that went on, from tho cockshies at one end of the fair to the jokes of tho Cheap Jack nt the other. Ho neither cliowed straws, nor cracked nuts, nor bundled cattlo ; ho merely wandered about, sad, dis consolate, and limp, with bis dog at liis heels, a collie, as limp and disconsolate as himself. " How do, John ?" his acquaintances cheerfully said, as they mot liim. "How. do?" ho murmured in reply, and passed oh. Ho neglected the farmers' ordinary at tho Red Lion. He only ate a chnnk of bread and cheese in a corner of the taproom, and drunk therewith a pint of ale, and then resumed his wandering. The short afternoon wue draw ing in when, on tho outskirts of tho town, ho met the parson of the pnrish ho had lately moved from. "Well, Mr. Stubbs," said the parson politely, hut kindly onougli, "how are things going with you?" " Very bad, sir," answered Stubbs. " Couldn't bo worse. I'm fair broke." "Broke?" said tlie parson. "How'stkat?" "How's that' sir?" said the young man, as if it might bo partly the parson's fault. "Bad weather, sir; crops selling for wcll- nigli nothing; half a year's rent overdue; hill o' sale on farm stock fallen in ; and three days o' grace will be up day after to-morrow. That's how it is." " Oh, come, John, cheer up ; you'll pull through," said tho parson. "You have a good, bravo littlo .wife, and both she and you arc young yet." "Ay," said John, " sho is a good un, bless her brave heart !" And his lips began to tremble with emo tion ; a little more and ho would have brokeu down, but ho hold himself in band. "How is she, John?"-asked the parson. " She's chirpy, sir," said John, " but sho's sick in bed." " Oh ! And bow's the baby ?" "Tho bairn's dead a week ago," cried John, nt length bursting into tears. " And tho wife's fair down, and so am I !" By tho young farmer's outburst of grief mid despair tho parson's official hopefulness was smitten into silence for a momont. "You must look up, John," ho said at length. " Look up to tho Lord for help. 'I will life up mine oyes unto tho hills,' you know, ' from whence ooineth my help.' You know tho verso ; you must look up, John, you must look up." "Yes," said John, "I lookup; hut I see nought— nought !" " You'll bo going homo presently, I sup pose," said the parson, moving away. It was evidently a case in whioh pro fessional words of comfort were of no avail. "Yes," said John, "I'll lie going home presently. I only came to see if I could do anything. I thought, you see, that maybo somebody might — but there, I don't know why I should bother you, Bir, with my troubles." " No bother, John ; no bother," said the parson. " I am sorry for you, very sorry indeed. But remember ' The Lord is a pre sent help in trouble.' Goodbye. Trust in the Lord." Ko the parson shook his hand and wont off. He did not mean to be either hypocritical or unkind, only he did not know what in tho world to say or do in so desperate a case. He wus very poor, and he had a wifo and ehildren of his own. When the parson was gone, Joe Stubbs uttered no word, and cherished no thought in rescutmont of tlio parson's behaviour ; ho moroly looked around him in wild liolplessness and hopefulness, and returned into the town. He had come to tho fair in tho liopo — a faint one, but still hope — that ho might meot with a kind friend who would lend liim so much or so much, or that nt least ho might prevail on tho holder of tho hill of sale to givo liim tiino : for a man buried in debt and diffi culty dies hard : it takes him long to givo up hone of himsolf und of other peoplo. But John Stubbs was almost done ; he wus nearly at his lust gasp. He had met no kind friond who was likoly to ho either abio or willing to lend him money, and tho solicitor who held his bill of salo (upon whom he had oallcd as soon as ho entered the town) had refused any accommodation. After parting with tho par son lie thought ho would try tho solicitor again. Ho resolutely nerved himself und ciitered tho mail's office. " Now, Mr. Stubbs," complained tho lawyer, "it's really too lind! No, really, 'pou my word ! I know all you want to say. I'm sorry, but things must take thoir course. I can't hear you ; I'm busy." And John Stubbs went ont again and stood in tho street, his heart boating fiercely. Ho was commonly- un inoffensive good-tempered man, but bo was driven into a corner, and oven a sheep will turn and fight in a corner. " Things must take thoir course!" "Must they?" he thought, with growing resentment and desperation. " Why must thoy ?" He wandered away, and it grow dark. Ho was dropping with weariness (and with hunger, but ho did not know it), and ho ontorod an inn and sat down for a little whilo and had something to drink. How could ho return to his poor sick wifo — -"the bravest littlo woman thatover was" — withouthaving accomplished anything ? It was past six o'clock when ho came out and found hiraHolf by tho old Theatre Royal, which was brilliantly lighted. Ho stopped to look. There were peoplo orowding in, for there was-an early evening performanco to. ontico tho man who might bo willing to ontor aud yet' who wished tocutoh tbo train home. John Stubbs gazed at a great picture ' ' plaonrd on the front of the -theatre. " For two nights only," ho rord t ' " Jerry Owen's travelling company in tlio (World- famed 'Los .Olodhos da CornevillejJ "i-/- v '-1 ' . . V. Ho read, lind -ho loqked. long at tho bril liantly r coloured pic turo ;.wh ich has 'been for; ; years throughout tho world, tbo pictorial ad vertisement" o'f 'that j eiitortiiniiig musioal qamody. kHo saw un old man in a strange dress: faking at a v apt (collection of ,-goldon -sovereigns which poured from a table to the 'floor!" " iord," was tho oxoiamatidn in his . heart, " that , I might piok up. tho orumbs that fall from that rich man's taDlo !" - Aftcr-a momont's debate with himself, he ' paid Ins money and entered tho pit.— It-may seem incredible in these days, but it is. true, that' John Stubbs had never in his life- been in a theatre bdforo; theatres hod . not beon ."in his-way,' -nor he in theirs— thoy liud tiot met till then. Ho had, therefore, bBing a man of. little reading, no. notion of what ho should see on the stage, or, indeed, that thero would ben stage at all. f " But whoa the curtain rose tho illusion was complete ; hn behoved all ho saw and all he heard, from tho twittering of tho girl_ in a short frook to tho rich singing 0|f -,the fishdr- lud. Hu saw neither aotress nor notor, hut real peoplo, "in their habit as thoy lived'.' — somewhere where he had never ' beon. "When tho not ended ho would havo sat on in a drtam, waiting till the business on the stage wont -forward' again ; but. an acquaintance cinno along and insisted upon his going with liim to get a drink. "I want to bide here,", said John, ",and see what thoy do next." '."Come on,., man," said the. other; "It won't tako us nobbut a minuto or two, and you'll be baok in your seat in no time. Host never beoii in a tlioatro before ?" John Stubbs confessed tlmt ho had novor been in a theatre before ; and then ho said something which might lwve been taken to BUggcstho fancied that the particular play which he had seen part of was' always being performed — -that and no other. -' - " I haven't seen yot," said 'he, "tho old gentleman with'his more of sovereigns on the tablo. I supposo he's a very rich fellow — rolling in money." His acquaintance laughed. " Very likoly as poor as a ohuroh mouse. Don't you know that them followB and females just pretend ull that." But the strong illusion of the stago still held John Stubbs, and ho oould not bolievo what the other said. They wont outside tho theatre to got their drink. Over a side door way thoy saw a lantern painted, "Stage Door." "Thero!" said tho acquaintance, " that's where you'd see 'em come out when it's all over ; und I'd bet you a dollar they'd look poorer than you or me." John Stubba thought that if they were as poor as ho they would bo poor indeed. Bnt if tlioy were poor really, how could they " carry on " us thoy did on tho stage"? No. Ho could not bolicre it. Presently they re-entered tho theatre, and the play went on. John Stubbs left his place no more. Ho became more and moro engrossed with all he saw and heard. Especi ally whon tho pioturo outside tho theatre was realised, and ho saw tho old miser fingering tho gold.and heard tho chink of the beautiful yellow metal, then ho was moved and fascin ated. "TOio miserable old hunks!" ho murmured to himself in bitter indignation. "And a handful of that money would save mo and the poor little wife ! Only a handful — a good handful !" When it was all ovor he left the theatre in a dazed condition. His eyo caught sight of tho illuminated face of the town liall clock ; there was time enough yet to. catch tho last train homo. He would like to see what kind of fellow that old miser reully looked, and he slipped swiftly round to tho stage door. He Btood hack and waited. Ho saw girls and young ir.eu como out, hut ho had no eyes for them ; he looked for the old miser's figure — tho gray head and the knee breeches. At lust it came. Ho could not mistake the mail, though he was dressed in ordinary hat and trousers, and did not look so old as John had thought him. Bnt there could be no doubt about him for there in his hand — (John Stnbbs's heart leaped with a fierce desire) — in his hand he carried a canvas bag of gold— certainly, gold — for tho miser, after a shambling step or two, stuffed tho hag into tho outer pouket of his big overcoat, and in tho action John Stubbs hoard distinctly the chink of the mutal. Tlie miser did not turn round by the front of tho theatre as the others had done, but walked down tho dark and solitary lane in which the stage door was situated. A wild and horrid suggestion thumped at the door of John Stulibs's heart and was admitted. John grasped his heavy stick with a terrible resolution and strodo after the miser. Tho miser's mouoy ! The miser's money ' What a salvation it would be to him if he only had it ! And the old scoundrel htld only got it by ull kinds of rascality ! Hearing heavy stops behind, tho miser stopped when ho had passed somo distance down the dark lane. John stopped too. " Look hero,"- said the man. "What do you want ?" " I want your money, " said John, simple bnt resolute. " My money, you fool ?" said the man. "What money? Youv'ro mud. If you follow 1110 any mora I'll enll tho police." Ho went ou again, but Johu went on also. Again lie stopped and turned. " Police !" no cried once, and onco only. John Stubbs raised bis stick mid struck a terrible blow — where ho hardly knew. The miser fell like a log, and without a cry.' With determined, bnt trembling fingers John Stubbs then drew tho bag of gold from the miser's pookot, crammed it into his own, and. set off down the lane. Ho had tlie presence of mind not to run, but ho walked witii ull possiblo expedition. At tho end of tho lane ho found himself in a street lie kuow, aud seeing by a clock in a shop where thoy wero putting up tho shutters that the time had sped on, he sot off at a ran to catoh his train. . It smote him with u tcrriblo shock whnt a difference' teu minutes bad made in him. When lust ho hud seen tho time he was poor und despomte ; now ho wusrioh, but ho had committed n tcrriblo deed which thero was no reoulling. He was a murderer. Without quite milking up his mind to do anything wrong ho hud booonio both a murderer and n robber. And yet he wus still John Stubbs, farmer, of Serooby. Ho entered tho station and found his train just as tlio guard lmd got his whistlo in his hand. Every carriugo und compartment seemed filled witii noisy travellers. The whistlo sounded ivhile lio sourolicd for room. " Hero you uro, sir," cried tho guiird. He jumpod in just us tho train began to mnvo; jumped almost into tlio lup of the ucquaiiitnnco ho had met at the theatre, "Hallo, John!" oried the mail, "tlmt.was touch and go. What made you so lute ? I was here ton minutes ago.!' - ! " Yes," thought 'John, " ton miriutcs'ago. Ten minutes ago I wus not u murdorcr und robber." But ho suid nothing like that. What ho said was, " I had to got something for the wife— something: I hud nigh for gotten." " Something for tho wifo, eh?" said the Other, who was half drunk. "Something nice ? Is that it in your pouket ? Let's have it out, John, and look at it." " No, no," said John, in n great terror, but affecting archnoss. "You must excuse me. Only- tbo wifo must so9 it." ' "What? Shall wo have it out. chaps?" said the man. At that John Stubbs felt himself turn white to the nape of his neck. Tlmt saved him. The man's half-drunken attention was turned off. I " Eh, John, but you do look diokoy ! Havo a sup o' this !" And he hundod a flask, at which John suoked and was presently re freshed. "But wliere's your dog, John?" the man asked. "You had your dog at your heel, hadn't yon?"- "Snakes alivo!" oried John, with sincere concern; for truly ho had forgottoii his dog, " whore can tho follow bo ? I hud to run to the station, and I supposo he loBt me ! Dear, deary me!"- CHAPTER II. OHN STUBBS felt somewhat easier in J mind when he left his noisy follow- 3 Y farmers in the train at Serooby, and d 8 set off homeward down tho dark road. Ho was easier, too, that all connection between him und every thing in the town of Fnlford seemed now out. Ho felt us it it were u. long, long while ago that he- had watched ; tho miser in tho theatre and followed him down the lane. There wero hut two things that sharply troubled him as he tramped along the dark road ; what should he say to his wife ? and what was become of his dog? Tho loss of his eollie he felt like the desertion of a stanoh friend at a critical moment ; and lie felt it all the moro that ho funeied tho desertion must havo happened at the same time as that — that business in tho lane. The beast, however, was very intelligent, und would find his way home. Now and then as ho trumped on :ho thought ho heard the pad of soft feet behind him ; but he dared not look round ; it might bo his dog, or, on tho contrary, it might be — nothing ! Were there suoh things in tho world as ghosts— haunting ghosts — ghosts of men steadily pursuing those who had hurt them ? " "Boh! Bob! Bob !" he ventured to call, in a low voice. But no dog came forward ; and still lie heard tbo soft pad, and a chilling shudder crept over liim. He walked faster, and presently ho rati— ran like a scared ohild, and never stopped till ho reached his own gate.' All was silent. No bark sainted him, and again he felt with a strange pang tho absence of his dog. A light was burning in tbo kitchen of tho farmhouse ; the muid-of-all-work had gono to bed. HiB wife had been in bed all day. Everything at home was as he had loft it, hut on him what a change lind como ! Whon he thought of his siok wifo a gush of tenderness camo ovor him. Whatever might happen, he had no pity for himself ; hut ho bad the softest pity for her. He- could' not terrify and burden lior with his scoret. He would bo cheerful, and he would merely say that ho had managed to arrange for sumo monov : hu would not oven sav ho hud got it. He took the light from tho kitchen table and went into the dark purlour. Thero wns an old onk secretaire thero. Into - a drawer of that he crammed tho hag of gold ;. he could not bear to open tho hag, or finger its contents yet. Then ho went up to his wife. "There you nve, John." said she, in a weak voice, as ho orossed tho floor to kiss hor. "Home at last! I thought I heard you come in." " Yes, Jonny lass, hero I am," said John, stooping over her. " And are you glad, John, to be homo again with your poor littlo wife ?" "Glad? Yen, hiss," said John. ' "More glad than I can tell." " I've beon so lonely nil day, John. I'vo been thinking over and aver everything that might he happening to yon, and overything you might be saying or doing. It has beon a hard day, hnBn't it John ?" " Hard, yes," suid Juhn, almost forgetting himself aud brenking down nnder her tender solicitude. " But," he ndded, striving after cheerfulness, " after all's said and dono, it's boon nono so had." "Any news, John ?" she asked, brighten ing with hope. "Summut." said he. "I think — I'vo made a kind o' nir arrangement — a settlement, you understand— I think tlio' bill of sule will bo made lip — kind of hold ovor— and I think, lass, that wo muy maiingo tho rout." " Oh, John !" she cried, in iinmenso relief. " Really and traly ? I begin to feel hotter already ! But how havo yoa iniuuigcd it. John ? Has somebody lent Von tho money?" " Woll, lass." said John, reluctantly, and at a loss, ' I unnnot exactly tell you. It's a kind o' — a kind o' a secret, you see." "Oh, John," she cried", "a secret?— a secret frnm.ino? Wo hain't liover had a seorot from ono another sinco wo was court in', John, und are wo to begin now ?" Johu looked at her piteously, and plucked with his fingers at the fluff of tho blanket; ho wns strongly tempted to tell -lier all. ami havo dono with it, bnt he thought how ill it might make her, weak as slio was, and he held his tongue. "Eh, John!" she said, considering him, "but you do look ill! Whntever's the matter? - Where did youhnve your dinner?"' " At tlio Roil Lion," said he. . " Aud what did you liavo for dinner ?" " Brand and cheese." " Bread and choose, indeed !" saidshe, with contempt " For a big strong fellow like you ! . That's what it is ! You're famished, you are ; fair furnished. Now down yon go and out your supper. Lizhas loft.it i'lh' oven for yon. Away you go." John went dowii, and made an attempt to eat his supper, but after a mouthful or . two ho gnvo it up ; hie mouth was dry aud baked, and not oven palatable food oould. provoke its moisture.' He drew himsolf n glass of ale, -and ho tried a pipe to spin the time out. But lio found noithor satisfaction nor coins fort in anything ; and yot ho shrank from rcturning to his wifo, who wns sure to ply him with questions to got at his seoret.. It was surely much hotter, wasn't it, ho said to himsolf, that lie should keep it from hor. His pipo wont out. Ho would not relight it, bnt he thought ho would just look forth into, tho night to seo if by- uny ohanoe Bob had como -buck' yot. Boh lmd not come back. Ho oould mako no moro pretenoo of ooou- patiuu ; and so ho inadoi up his mind to go upstairs to bed. . But first, lie mado a resolute uavunoo into the parlour, lamp in hand, to bo suro that the seoretuire still stood in its place, \- aud that a certain drawer was looked. Boing assured of thoso things, bo turned away- in hnste and rejoined his wifo. ' To his.reliof she did not worry, him for a revelation of his seoret, hut maintained a silent and thoughtful attention, .so that at length her forbearance, instead of being a l-olief, was liko' to become a burdou. Ho ; know— aud she probably know too— that her- silent waiting was oertaih to draw his secret from him ere long. Bnt .he had a respite. "You're dead beat arid' tired, -my poor John," saidshe, at length. "Coino to your bed and sleep." . John went to .bed and slept, hut with such wild starts and tremblings that his wife was ' troubled to think what was wrong with liim. He _ rose botimen, us usual; to' go about the business of his farm,' hnsipess-that Would not wait— suoh as tlie feeding of 'horses and the milking of cows— but' he shbwed a face as worn anil unrefrosked. almost, as that of tho night boforo. ' And thus his day wont on, with some oheerful attempts at intervals to think that lio'would get over it in a day or two, that- perhaps the man, ; tho old miser, was not dead, und that in any case ho had tho hag of gold wherewith to pay his debts and to start anew with activity and resolu tion. His wifo was still ignorant, both' of his trouble and his gold : lie" had got off with the promise that sho should know all in a day or two. In the meantime there was great exeito- ' mont in .the market town of Fulford. A wliolo sensation and mystery of its own Fulford had not hud for many a year, and it mudo tho most of the latest. Fulford wns. too quiet a place' to-have a daily paper, oven in theso days; it had only two weeklies, and the reporters of both these were busy in cooking up tho mysterious circumstances of tho death of poor Jerry Owen, who had played the pert of tho old miser in " Les Cloches do Corneville " for ever so' many hundred times— played it so often that ho had got into the habit of carrying home nightly tho bag of "Hanoverian sovereigns " which wus his great necessary "property." It was that, apparently, that had led to his undoing. For when lie wus fonnd dead in tho lane, dead from a terrific blow on the temple, the only tiling missing from his person — strango to tell ! — was that same hag of "Hanoverian sovereigns." There was another strange cireumstanoo about the murder whioh was worked for nil it was worth ; this— namely, that an unknown dog — a sheep dog, uir collie — was found wntohing tlio body, and that it flow savagely at tho policomnn who. on his rounds, had eome upon both. Tho dog was now nt tho police station, and his identification might' pcrchauco (there wus no saying) give somo oluo to the discovery of tho'murderer. These ' things, of course, wero not published ; but they woro freely known aud canvassed among those who moved actively about the town. Of all that seething, boiling, and ferment ing gossip John Stubbs, being ten miles away on his ownlonelvfarm, was blissfully ignorant. He still wondered what had hecomo of his dog; ho still cherished, ''whilo he abhorred, the thought of the bag of gold ; and he still hoped and prayed that, when all this diffi- culty was past, ho might ho able to farm comfortably, and keep liis head ubovo the waters of doht and bankruptcy, oven if he did not tnnke much ot a profit: ! ' On tho morning of the second day,' whioli wus the lust of the threo days of grace after tho falling in of his bill of sale, ho debated with himself whether lie should tako the iuonoy, and go into the town to the solicitor who held his bond find pay it off, or wbother he should wait for the appearanoo of someone to make tho demand. Ho deoided to wait. About three o'clock in the afternoon, Liz, tho muid-of-all- work, camo to liini in tho barn. > 1 "Mr. Stubbs," said 'she,' "here's two gentlemen to see you— leastways, a gentleman and a man." John Stubbs knew then that tho solioitor had oome, or Bent, to olaim tho rights of tbo , bill of salo. Ho screwed up liis coiifidenoe and wont in. Not tlio lawyer, but tho lawyer's son, who was a plcasauter person than his father, waited for him in the parlor, and with him wus unot-lior — tho kind of humble und furtive retainer who was easily to bo recognised as "the man in possession." "Well, Mr. Stubbs," said tho young lawyer, "I supposo you know tho business I've come upon." " Oh, yes," said John, "I can guess." "The bill of sale, you know," conlinued tho young man, " must he met to-day, or I tuke formal possession. Are you prepared to pay it, Mr. Stubbs? I suppose you are not." "Don't supposo too fast," suid John, going to' the secretaire, and fingering in liis ' pooket for the key of a certain drawor. Ho yot felt a singular roluotuuco to open tlio drawer and produce tho bag of gold. Bub ho must do it, and he did it. Ho droiv the horrid bug out, and flung it ou tho tabic. "There!" said he. " There's enough money in that to pay your ' billy sale' two or three times over !" The yonng lawyer and his man looked on in;SOmo surpriso. John, with uncertain and trembling fingers undid the bag, thrust in his : Land, and drew out a handful of the gold, i arid began to count the individual coins, one, two, three, and so on,' under the eyes of tho young lawyer. Tbey looked good gold, but — but there was somothirig in the sound of them that made tho young man . Suepioious— some thing also that seemed queer in the whole situation. Tho yonng man picked n'p one arid rang it. He shook his head and loioked at it ;i and then ' ho looked hud at ' John Stnbbs, who was watohing him. ; "This won't do, Mr. Stubbs," said the young man. ' "What won't do?" asked John, with 'a blanched fooe. ' \- '(This monoy. It isn't money. Where did you get it?". »: " Where did I get it ? .1 reokpn they're as good golden sovereigns its ever was ooined." "Look at them," said' the'young man ; fat. any orio of-thom. ' You should know good coin as woll as I do." , ; John .relnctuntly picked up. a coin and looked at it. Certainly it was not marked like a' eovereignf Ho rang it on the table ; nor.did it sound like true gold. Horror and despair seized him, and showed in his. set piilo face. Ho, said .no word, but. looked fixedly at the young man. - " I'm very sorry for yon, Mr. Stubbs," said the young lawyer, '"awfully sorry !! But this looks bad — worse than you think, maybe. These things pro only counters, thoy're oallcd Hanoverian .sovereigns. '. .1 suppose you haven't heard that the night before last- an notor, Jorry Owen, -waB murdered in a lane by- the theatre in Fulford; and -thut the only thing missing from liim was a hag of Hanoverian .sovereigns ; the sham monoy that ho used in pluying the miser, at. the theatre." " Sham money 1" exdlaimed John Stubbs below his breath. . "Besides," continued tho young lawyer, "a dog was found watching by the dead man. The dog is now at the pbhee station , I'vo seen it. I believo'I know it." 1 "My God !" moaned John Stubbs. "Oh, .roypoor Jenny !" Ho looked about him wildly. He stopped back suddenly .and took a gun from a corner. Before it was possiblo to . guess what ho would be ut, or ' to interfere, he hud turned, tho muzzle to his breast and pulled the trigger. He fell, and the two men ran to him. The report of tho gun had alarmed the house, and presently John Stubhs's wifo fluttered in, just risen from her bed 'with a' shawl about her. Sho flew to her husband, and knelt by. him. "Jenny, lass," said he, fixing his glazing eyes on lier. "I'm sorry, but I'vo messed it all up!" And so he (lied. Tho poor woman was frantio with grief, and tho young lawyer and his man stood back and permitted the maid from the kitolion rind tho man, from the barn to press iu and forward. Tho young lawyer quietly put the, few exposed Hanoverian sovereigns baek in tiie hag and stuffed the bug into his pocket. Then he drew his man to the door. " You seo bo's dead," ho said, "so there's no need for you or me to Bay a word about ' this bag. lam going out to throw it into tha pond. I'll be'baok in a moment." IVhen he come back he talked a little whilo with the poor,' distracted wife, and tried to comfort her. He gathered that she knew nothing of tho bag of sham gold, and so ho felt safe in whatho bad done. And thus it camo to pass that, whilo the neighbourhood was inexpressibly shocked by John Stubhs's suicide, and was exceedingly kind and helpful to his widow, it was never known who killed Jerry Owon, tho miser of "Les Cloches do Corneville." 