OVERGROWING HER STRENGTH. HOW DR. WILLIA MS' PINK PILLS =MAKE WEAK GIRLS STRONG. "Lamington," Victoria Road, Auburn, Victoria, are of this nature :-" I thought I could do nothing for her." Here Miss death and disaster. "I conmmenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school, said she, here did was not feel sufficintly onwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the " quinine tonic " given me, wirl regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in nmy oloulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest. " We tried every. thing to induce sleep," interposed Mr Marner, "but it had no effect ; then I consulted a well- known Collins Street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised i change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she re turned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost. " "This time last year, " said Miss Alice, " I weighed 7st. 31bs., now I am 9st. 7lbs. SA bgeet mprowement ;your treatment m et have bee beneficial " " o ; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr Pleasaoce'~, Cha pel Stre Prhran, they did so much good thatreet, continued with them. -Its a loong time since Id ocntinued taking them, and am now as healhy as anyone could wish. " "And yot woul recommend them'" Yes ; and that strongly too," said Mr Marner, " had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pilis.two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds. " Parents should think over this-good health and a hundred pounds saved. Mr James Dickson, of Neortl left £1080 realty and £942 personal to his widow and children. 