? Fine. Clear. Clown. Pleasant. Burlesque. Flapdoodle. Hhodomontade. Quoting Scripture. Both Houses again. Criminal Sittings over. Cut off with a shilling. "This House is strong. '' "Going strong, brother." The handicapped widow. Objector-General Tonifey. Parsons backing the Jap.-?. A long Criminal Calendar. Free organ recital to-night. Declamator-General Ward. lnterjector- General Addison. Garnishee orders imperilled. Battle in the Soudan imminent. Sublime heights of ridiculousness. Gernis of hope failed to sprout. C-ocspiracy case l.tsted live days. Germany strengthening her anny. \ Youthful criminals on the increase. Ophir off tc London this afternoon. Barometer at 10 o'clock to-day, 30.21. Partial failure of the Russian harvest. Smart telegraphing from Pont Darwin. The Speaker yawned most pathetically. The Pastoral Bill has reached the Council. Human natuie on tihe Treasury benches. Law ease over a parrot valued at £100. Parsons lively and sarcastic this morning. Gray and Davies have each got two years' hard. Hamlet's Ghost at the preliminary competition. "Interjections are the csseuce of debate." Second x preliminary competition tonight. Batting man fined £5 for betting witih a boy. A Wednesday afternoon devoted to the ladies. Comparisons are odious when C. C. K. snorte. "A woman is a woman, no better, no worse." Late Mrs. Hannav arrived in Adelaide in 1S48. ' When accused of buck-jumping, Charlie snorted. Gray & Davies sent to gaol for a couple of years. Nothing but the cat will stop the brutal garortur. "An Evening with Shakspeare" at the University. Stars and Stripes hoisted at Hawaii on August 12. Organ recital by Mr. W. Sanders at the Town Hall. Cecil Rhodes returned by an overwhelming majority. Bird O'Freedom accuses the Premier of buckjumping. Government responsible for the decline in the birth-rate. Gray tried to get into the City Council last December. A pair of scheming rascals got their deserts yesterday. Annual meeting this afternoon of Orphan Home for Girls. It was a remarkable speech; but what was it all about? Seven lady elocutionists at Stow Lecture Hall this evening. An interchange of detectives between the colonies required. "Jews lend working men money, to buy shares."—Price, M.P. Two new Wagner compositions will be played next Saturday. If he isn't watched Gray will negotiate the sale of the Stockade. The Gas Company cat played with the Poi' Corporation mouse. l'tcka- rd still sticking to his Gawler Plains irrigation scheme. Mr. Kingston does not like the Scriptures to be treated lfrevcrentiy. , Khalifa lias 70,000 troops behind the fortifications of Omdurman. John Bull allows the Yanks to repair war vessels at Hongkong. N.T. mining law in fair way of beneficial amendment. Thanks. Sol. Grand "Wagner Night" at the Town Hal! on Saturday evening. Over 36,000 cases of oranges shipped from Sydney to London this s.eascn. Private conversations behind a speaker's back are somew hat disconcerting. Brother Caldwell read Archie a little lecture on impertinent interjections. The Archbishop of Koc-]vbounders preached the Wednesday afternoon sermon. The King has discarded the barmaid, and is courting the disinherited widow. The returned Arctic Expedition found no sign nf Andree, the balloon explorer. Wybert llceve will entertain the University Shakspeare Socitty to-night. •'Baby" Roberts invited the lshmaelite not to make an exhibition of himself. Another periormanee to-night of "La Miiscotte" ill aid of Carnival funds. Sun rose at 6.15 a.m., tets at 5:20 p.m. Siocn set at 0.25 a.m., rose at 10.28 a.m. Treasurer warned not tjO delay his -conversion. Lean conversion is meant, of coun-e. Premier w:ints payments for improvements. A loan will be necessary to effect them. Cemeteries Committee • will take another, fortnight for Meditations amongst the Tombs. First Archbishop of the Primitive Water Lily Rockbound Church quoted Timothy 3'esterday. The brutal larrikin is rewarded for his brutality by a comfortable home and the use of a library. "li- the days of my youth I tried to do too much." Allci-dale does not repeat the sin of liis youth. An ex-Adelaide Hospital nurse offers to give her services free for a year in a new Public Hospital. Brother Caldwell says the best agriculturist in his district is a woman. Excuse for old-women legislators. Gray appealed for mercy, but Judge Bundey said he was merciless to the poor dupes of his nefarious M-hemes. Brother Caldwell objects to the Treasurer playing Jermvtiali. Now the brother preacher should not be a monopolist. Ministry held responsible for the decreasing birth rate. Vital statistics are in the department of the batchelor Minister. The Cataract of Ladore spouting and frisking was not- in it with the foaming flow of whirling words from the Parrot Orator. According to careful estimates, three hours of close study wear out the body moie than a whole day of hard physical ej- ertiou. The faiv cyclist, at walking pace cm a fo» ti:ath who <!'->merr^mlted over the handles might detine furious riding accompanied by collision. Hoped thai the extensive alterations in the Health Bill by Dr. Campbell will not induce the Ministry to make it a slaughtered innocent. O'Malley wanted the Premier to tell him the difference between an Australian widow and a Turkish conc-ubine. Charlie asked for something easier. A new Standing Order ^ might provide that a.member should be allowed to make a. sensation by speaking on his head as well as on hi? ear or through his hat. Premier has worn out his copy of the Pastoral Commission's report by frequent reference. and by the bears he shed upon the backsliding of a member of that Commission. An oval gold snuff-box, which belonged to Louis X\ .. was sold for. £3,350 at a sale in Christie's Room.? recently. A goJd watch that belonged to Louis XIV. was sold for £1,120. In the Sydney and Melbourne Assemblies neither member mir pressman nor stranger may read a newspaper during the debates. That accounts for the attempts of legislators to make things lively. Mr. Shaw-Lefevi-e. L.C.C., opening a recreation ground in Hoxton, Siiid that within fifteen miles of the centre oi London tiiore were 25,000 acres of land maintained for the use of the public, and of that they were indebted to the Qu'eeD for 5,000 acres in the shape of Roval Parks. At the Shoreditch County Court, England, before Judge French, the case of Clark v. Fordliam camexm for hearing. It was an action to recover the sum of 18s., being one week's wajes in lieu o£ notice. His Honor—It is excusable for a man to stop awav from his work if he has lost his mother. 'Defendant—Yes: and so would I have excused him if it had been true, but he got the sack from his last job for the same tale, and the one before that; in fact, he lias lost four mothers this year to my knowledge, leaving out uncles, aunts, and cousins. (Roars of laughter.) After further evidence, His Honor gave judgment for the defendant. 