? By PAr>DYMELO>-. Mk. Campbell, M.L.C., opposed the Women's Suffrage Bill in the Council on peculiar grounds He had, he said, induced detectives in the City to interview the "unfortunate" women of Melbourne and discover their political leanings, and the result is even more astounding than the memorable declaration of Mr. Gray, M.P., about the members who emulate the sailor with a wife in every port, and keep a mistress in each suburb. Mr. Campbell's inquisitive detectives asoertayjed from the ladies of the pave that they want a vote for the reason that, having many member^ of Parliament under their thumbs, the suffrage would give them additional power over their victims. 'This is not very convincing, and I am inclined to think that Mr. Campbell's detectives have been having him on a string. The story is humbug, but if it were true the moral does riot tell against the cause of the womanhood suffragists nearly as powerfully as Mr. Campbell seemed to imagine :— Oh ! Mr. Campbell, is it right The simple members to indict, And fill with sorrow, ' • , Their spotless characters to smirch, And set their wives in eager search For thumb marks on their hate, and then To seek divorce from guileless men Upon the morrow 1 Now no M.P., however brave, Who has a character to save, And is respected, Should go abroad at night alone, Or walk the pavement on his own, Or dare address a woman who Is aged less than eighty-two, When unprotected. And I advise the M.L.A. To have a good cage straight-awaj' On wheels constructed, Aud so be hauled about the street "Behind the bars in safe retreat, And w ith his ma-in- law in charge, A guarantee that when at large He's well conducted. If true the tale, it seems to me We want the feminine M.P., Now deprecated. 'Tis better to be ruled direct By honest dames whom we elect Than by the giddy city scum Who govern by the rule of thumb As has been stated ! # # # » Endless stories are told of the shifts to which the poor player is sometimes put in the Australian provinces when " biz." is had and the ghost has neglected to walk, and I have just been favoured with a new one. A scratch company had been wandering from one small Gippsiand township to another, playing generally to a poor patch of people in a great waste of emptiness, arid they were so hungry on one or two occasions that the comedian and the heavy father were with difficulty' restrained from devouring the melancholy horse tJiat towed the company from place to place. They had opened to a poor house in a mining township, playing " Ten Nights in a Bar-room," and in a pathetic passage the hero was smitten on the cheek with something thrown from the gallery. He ounced upon it eagerly, but it was only an empty Eanana skin. The pro. examined it, then came down to the footlights, and said disgustedly • " Well, this is the meanest town I've struck. You might have left the fruit in !" * • * * Modern manners have been much discussed recently. The Ago. tried to get up a sort of sillyseason controversy on the question, but the disputation was a fizzle. The other day the Austral Salon took the matter up, and members contrived to knock a certain amount of entertainment out of the wrangle, and concluded by a bare majority that up-do-aate manners are about as good as ever manners were, and it seems to me that that's a serviceable fact. There was a day when parlour manners were much more elaborate, and when our cheerful ancestors wasted half their time working off extensive and complicated courtesies for gratification of their lady friends, but I doubt if those be-wigged and powdered gallants with all their genuflections really respected the sex as much as plain Bill Smith does now-a-days, although Bill's method of expressing his sentiments seems to lack polish and early English art. But I cannot say Bill's good intentions are always appreciated. I once saw a labouring man deliberately place himself in front of a woman on a tram dummy when it seemed as if she were about to be impaled on the shaft of a spring-cart, and for five minutes after she scowled at him horribly because he had trodden on her toes. * * * m Somebody is actually asking what has become of the new Scottish regiment, and the matter does seem to have lost a good deal of its interest. I quite expected to see ere this a bouncing regiment all aglow in resplendent tartan, .and wearing sporran, and bonnet, and kilt,and skean, marching through the streets to the stirring lilt o' the pipes. There have been casual references to the uniform of late, but none of us have witnessed a gathering of the clans. Can it be—is it possible ? Hush, hark! The proposed regiment has already attained its object:— v , - 'Way up in Russia there the Czar, " • . f, By rumours.vague perplexed ^ Of schemes hie Eastern march to bar And s«im wliat he'd Annexed, - Bid call 1,; And a4. He tolu t.. And whji. 'Tis Up-, Down 1-f, Is Auu The residi-i A Scot;:* To forn) r, The bei.. All Calerj.,. Than sev. * Allan-; " 4 1 They hid., Aid oln That 'tis : r'^sboai, = ' , ,r,j > tootrwi .. M a . v , and Foo novr j degjjt \- '7 ,= . and now " V UWiC ; i'V il; a ; ,d > y°« tau o 1 N: , ' u «h Pif ! P"'^ with px-l^noe, M'Eaclian; lo'ld ^ And fierce K W! Au""! 1^ i ^ d t o ^ l ; ^ ^ What can v.-c.'lo 0 (His brow wa^o t r 11^1 Uh save me if y ou Mn ,„ Said Syokoji th,,;-, : '-l tilli nv, A scheme- you dare J! T clamou! r lifai. n, J lie tzar arosf ,-i< 0n» «r,,i. AndthatisairaSt^ Emperor William j g a pal , when he takes liis subjects n fro« and vigorously slippc-^'tbem ii j^w.., the very noblest motives. The Kak whack aims to toughen the moiaihn wriggling victim. IWhn, too, k 6 had vandal, and it i* most interesting ti Kaiser William s attitude with that Victna. Hie Queen preferred lo principle that the burnt chil^ dreads! left the victims of the English scam, own improving reflections- whilst nm scorched digits. Not. so Kaiser Bill active monarch wlm has a nose and j every business, «r.<! promptly era princely player, an officer in the hnL and cashiered the winner of his demonstration of the Imperial horror c This does not sound a severe punisl tralians, but when we remember th. officers in high place? very oitenMm brains, we may assume that it means* to them. A rhyme of the maternal Kd little soldier boys :- Oh! a very active kiug is Kaiser Bill, And he keeps a careful eye on onesa He's an emperor of most imperious will, And his wicked ones go promptly te | If they dare to disobey ' Their Imperial mamms, Or indulge in idle play Such as vicious baaccaraiJ He will smite them, he vill M And will haughtily indict them, J And consign them, 1 expect, To the truly dreadful limbo of his He has made a pretty army of liie own,! And has settled what his officers dim} He will see their wilder oats are never i That tliey drink no drink morcdau^es And they 'll .°np alone on TO If they dare to dissipate, Or abroad at night should go| At a quarter after eight, For the Kaisei —cute adviser- Thinks it safer far, aud wiser, That his warriors should lie fed, And tubbed, and combed, and kissed t promptly put to bed! Free will is very well in other! And freedom'of i he subject, and the I Where no Kaiser whose infallible con To ensure a rule that's absolutely b Right In; was if he desired To abolish heavy play. Since lie's certainly inBpired,j And can never go astray. : He'll select them, and inspect-tha And with lrisdom great direct ! Till they actually wings- All those dainty r-jptains daphne t<h apron striiij 