PLATTSBIJJ.WG. LOI)DGE. MEETING. Tho weekly meeting of the Friend In Need Lodge, I.O.O.T., was hold on Wed nceday evening in the Welsh Church, C.T. Dro. A. W'Leod in the chair. One can-i V . 1 .a; date was restored to membership. Bro. R Wardle moved, " That the lodge pay ars omcial visit to the Lily of the Lake Lodge." Further business was adjourned to enable the members to enjoy an entertainment. Sister R. Wardle had the .charge of ten and eatables, and too much praf.e cannot be recorded to the sister fco the able man mer in which she carried out her duties. Refreshmnent. were handed round by the brothers and sisters to the friennas and members of the lodge. Tno following itemsswere gtven :-Song, "Grace Darl ting," Bro. D. Watson; song, " Jack Jones," Bro. D. Murray; song. "Down by the Old Abbey Ruins," Bro. G. Dennott; recitation, " Christmas Camlio' Sister F. Jarrett ; song, " Patsy, you are a villain," Bro. R. C. Wilson ; recitation,. " Lost and Found."'Bro. I-IH. Hughes; song, " Mother Appeal to Her.B'y," Bro. H. Irving ; song, " Parsons' Wooden Leg," Bro. E. Milton; song, " DrunkardL's Dream," Bro. W. Hum phries ; song, "A.B.C.," Miss Mi. Lane (visitorl ; song, " Fairly Worn Out," Bro. J. Smith ; song, " Ill Never Forget," Sister B. Brimsmead ; violin solo, nBro. J. Lons dale, accompanied on the organ by Bro. Humphriea. Tihe programme concluded with a very laughable farce, entitled "The Ghost," whicb waw performed by Bros. M'Leod and Murray Biros. The lodge then closed with the usual ceremonies, and a vote of thanks to tLhe visitors. TRAM TEOMINUS. It would seem that the question of re moving the tram terminus from its present position tq the Wallsend Railway Station is still agitating the minds of the Wallsend Council, judging from the report that ap peared in the Sydney press of a deputation's interview with thle Railway Commissioners on Wednesday last. Rumour has it that this matter of the appointment of a deputation was decided at the Wallsend Council meeting held on the 13th September. Last April the aldermen of Plattsburg com municated withl the Railway Commissioners on the subject, and the council tlen received the following reply, dated LMay 6, 1898: "With reference to your letter of the 3rd instant protesting against the alleged pro posed removal of the existing tram terminus at Plattsburg to the Wallsend Coal Com pany's railway goods shed, I nam directed by Ithe Railway Commissioners to inform you that such removal is not contemplated." Since then the local authorities have taken no further action, being satisfied that bh fore any alteration of the tram terminus be contemplated, they at least would be consulted, and it would seem that the view of the case is fully borne out by the published reply given to the deputation from the Wrallsend Council. The inhabitants of Plattsburg point out that it is scarcely neces sar- to deal with the suitability of the tramn terminus. That, they contend, has been fully demonstrated during the past. Perhaps no better illustration could be got, they argue, than that of last IIospital Sunday, when, not withstanding the exceptional heavy trafic, not the slightest hitch occurred. 