NEW CATHOLIC CHURCH. AN IMPOSING OPENING CEREMONY. The opening ceremony in connection with tlie new Catholic Church in Violet Town took place on Sunday last, and this fron (i spectacular point of v.icw eclipscd anything that has been seen in this district {or many years pnst. The new building, which has been crectal at n great cost, is of the latest design, and nil who hare inspected it aic agreed llmt it is one of the finest and best appointed gacied edifices in the North eastern d s- trict. For many years past the local Catholic denomination have suffered inconvenience through not having sufficient accommodation For divine worship, and therefore they decided intheear'y part of the present year to ercct a new church. This step having been decided on no time was lost in getting to woj i;. Flans and specifications were prepared for a building that would suit oil requirements, ts were let, nnd wilhi a few months the place was crectcd. The cost of the -trncture appeared to he a secondary on (deration, the principal idea being to have a church that would beautify the town and at the same time provide ample accommodation for any demand that might be made upon it. The following description of the butldin should be of interest:— The building cousists of nave, chancel, porch and sacristy—all of brick. The total length of the nave and chancel is 71 feet, the width of the nave being 25 feet 6 inches, and of the chancel 15 feet. The entrance porch is 8 feet by 7 feet, and the sacristy 11 feet by 10 feet. The walls of nave and chancel arc 1G feet 6 inches high, 14 inches thick, supported by buttresses 18 inches wide, The foundations are of brick and cement laid on cement concrete 15 inches thick. A damp proof of patent ruhberoid is laid on all walls under floor line. The doors arc of pine, panuelled a.id ledged, The frames oro set on bluc-sto.e steps. The skirting over the floor is of cement, 15 inch high.moulded nud double faced. The walls throughout internally are finished in plaster, sand stucco liued, etc., to represent freestone. Heavy ornamental principals and. purlins support the roofing, which is covered with slating secured by strong copper nails ; handsome saddle ridge veutillators decorate the roof, and tiiese are connected to the ceiling by wooden flues or shafts of epaeious dimensions, ensuring ample ventillation throughout the building. The ceiiing inside is lined with 4 inch Kauri boards, laid diagonally, and finished with moulds, cornices, facias, &c.;, all painted and varnished alternately. The roof principals spri g off stone corbels moulded aud finished in plaster. The flooring is of Murray pine laid on well tarred joists and bearers and secured with steel-wire patent nails. The windows are fiUcd in with liaudson-e tinted glass in lead lights with margins. Hopper vents to open and shut are formed inth'e windows. The altar railing is filled inwitlimetul panels picked out in tiuts. 1'ho altar,' which stands on o platform, is approached by three steps, and is of polished blackwnod and kauri with turned shafts and pilasters, moulded and enrichcd caps, decorative paiiels of stamped golden glass, etc., the whole forming a quiet and chaste addition to the appearance of the church. The builditig - has been seated throughout Mtli Kauri framed seats with solid ends And hiuged kneeling boards. The cost of the work complete is about £1200, The .new church is of the Gothic style and reflects tho greatest credit upon.)he architects—Messrs Kcnipson and Connolly—Mr Horsfield, the clerk of works, and the builder, Mr W. G, Ivclaiid. The opening, cercmony was announced to take place at' 11 o'clock, aud by that hour a large concourse of people had assembled, anxiously wailing for the •doors to be opened. Prior to the opening of the building, however, it was solemnly dedicated by His Lordship l>r lieville, of Beiidigo—the service being most solemn and impressive—to St. Atlractas, whose name it will henceforth Lear. The doors were then thrown open And in a few minutes the place was packed, a large number of persons being unnblo to gain admission. As showing \- the good feeling existing between this denomination and the other churches, we might mention that many of the Catholics denied themselves the privilege of taking part in the service in order to allow adherents to tho Protestant faith to obtain seats—in fact nearjy the wholo .of the front seats in the building were ' occupied liy members of other churches. , Sigh Mass was celebrated by the Very Jlev DeanJJavey, D.D. Farmer's Mass a»i B flat was sung hy the choir of St. Joseph 1 * Church, Bonalla, and this sodded much to the ^pioasure of the, Iser-srio&f;? -ffliisxhoir Jsj-ocognisediss one' Ufcsfc in {he Kortb- eaBt, and' the • Singingfof ::tlielumbers ,.i>n Sunday'ib %6?thy^)f',Special mention.' The fpl- • lotriug ladies and gflntiemen formed the ;3choir s—-MrB Hnhilly (orgoniBt), Misses K. Hantoii.F. ShorteH, J. Denny and K. ?%an (Be&alla;); Miss -Cain (Violet, 'Town),"Messrs R. Cain, J. O'lialloran and 1. Hanlun. The offertory piece— -CNo'vollo's Ave Marin "—was well suug s&y; Miss Shortell, nnd at. the close of , the Mass Zmgareili's " Laudate " was ; well rendered by the full choir; the solo Impart being swe,fitly. suug by Miss Hanp.5: An impressive sermon was preached ;' by-ilie Very Rev Father O'Farrcll, head " of the Bedemptsrist's Order in Aus-' i tralia. who has gained the name of ! ileing one jot the finest orators in Aus , - tralia. His text was taken from the .^.twenty-eighth chapter of the Gospel by ~;St. Matthew, verses 18,: 19 nud, 20— iWf'f-And Jesus said all -power is given b ^nto me in heaven nnd in earth, Go ye S iherefore and teach all nations, baptizing Jyflisni in the name of -tho Father, Son /, .'and. Holy Ghost-; teaching them to ^observe oil things, whatsoever X have . ^commanded you ; aiid l will be with you •^.Alr.days even to the consummation jf ;^tlie World." The reverend gentleman delivered a most fluent address ou the presence of Christ in the Church, and besought his hearers to attach themselves more closely to Divine things. At the close he congratulated the people on their fine new church, which he said was a credit to the district. He also spoke or the generosity of the .people, and asked tlial they would do tiieir best (o help their priest to pay off the debt on the building. The offertory was then taken up, the same amounting to £92 6s Gd, which was increased to £107 before the evening service. The Deau thanked all who had assistcd. and especially the non-Catholics who had ta- ko.ii such nu interest in the church. He had received much sympathy and encouragement outside of his own church and was very thankful for it. He also tli&ukcd; the visitors from Benalla and Uuroa, and more especially the choir, who had rendered excellent service. The Bishop was pleased to share in the joy of the people at the opening of such a fine building. It was most cre- ditable to all, aud showed the generosity af the people m the district. In the matter of getting the new church, great credit was due to their shire president- Sir McShane—and .Mrs McShane, who had always taken a lively interest in the Catholic Church during the whole time that they had been in the district. They had never allowed their zeal to flag for an iiistant, being always ready nud willing to help on the good cause. He hoped that the people would do their best to clear the debt off the church as soon as possible, aud that the building would be filled with worshippers. In tho evening there was Vespers and Benediction, wh&u; the choir again rcudered excellent service, Mrs Uahilly song two solos—" Salve Uegina" and '"O Salutaris"—in a most pleasing manner, aud Messrs O'lialloran and Cain gave an excellent rendering of " Tautum Ergo." The Very Kcv. Father O'Farrell again preached, his sermon being based on tho words " Whose image and superscription is this ?" Like the address iu the morning, it was delivered iu the most forcible manner, aud iu such a style as to call forth the highest appreciation. 