BERGEBE. ? «? ? ; ' ,' f~~ k RING me a brandy mj and curacoa, gar ¥ j| con. What, nothing, ?-i-Jr . De Gallier? . Oh, yes, surely. A ver X inouth. He. gareon, ^ ? a vermouth for this |a gentleman, please, JW and serve the filet. ijR And eo, Jean, you jfia are really going ?«V to marry Mile. &u-; ?S* zanne, the pretty \'«\ singer of the Fo 3$1\ lies? Well, ehe is in j jtri teresting, I admit; jfjfl but isn't it a little iLsvaJ risky? I am inelin 11 ed, from ail that I JTi hear, to think eo.' f\ .'See here, Pascal, P J have iieard quite enough. Say another word at your peril. Yes, I am to marry Mile. Suzanne, and, unless you- know something about her i that is absolutely ^ -wrong, I will not oermlt you to in siH'Uia.te. .We have been friends for years, Pascal; don't let us quarrel now.' 'Quarrel? Why, of course not, dear Jean. I reaMy intended no -Earm, and, as you say, we have been friends for years. Perhaps that is why I spoke to you ass I did just now about your fiancee. I may have been entirely wrong in -my estimate of Mile. Suzanne, but -we won't talk about it any more, only Jean — here is the garoon — and (taking his glass) I drink to your very good health and to your approaching marriage. Hurry the filet, gareon, and bring a quart of Chateau Laitour. By the way, Jean, when does your marriage take place? Of course I am to be the best man at tine ceremony, and you must give one time to order, a new suit.' 'For heaven's sake don't jest, Pascal; I am very, very serious, and want to ask you a question to night. That i6 the reason I eent for you to meet me here,' and Jean hesitated a moment, id'ly playing wJfch his fork. 'A question; that's interesting. Go ahead, Jean; I am quite in the spirit for questions.' 'Well, then, what do you know of Mile. Suzanne? Was she ever anything to you? For God's sake answer me truly, man. I demand the truth now.' Greatly excited, De Gallier leaned over the table and grasped his friend's arm, his large, black eyes fastened upon Pascal's face as though he would read -his very soul. 'Pascal,' he gasped, 'I have a horrible suspicion that Suzanne has ibeen — I mean that in the past you two -have been something to each other. I have thought so for a long time, and Langthier told me laet ndgbt that you had known my fiancee far too ?well yeans ago an America. If it is «3o, Pascal,' he continued entreatingly, 'tell me all now before it is too late, for to-morrow I am to marry Su zanne.' ?Pascal's face grew deadly wiite for an instant, and he could not trust himself to anewer De Gal lieT. la a few mements, however, ihe -was frimseK again, and with a hollow, mocking laugh said: 'Why, Jean, you moist be dreaming. Suzanne anything to me; tell me winere did you get that idea, for you cannot really credit any statement of that idiot Langthier? Why, of course, I know Suzanne, the pretty singer, who don't — put the plates here, gareon, and open the wine — where was I when the dinner came in? Oh, I remem ber; we were talking of Mile. Suzanne. And so my good friend Jean has developed into a jealous lover.. That makes me laugh, though jealousy is the sister of love,' and Pascal threw his hand some head back and laughed long and loud. 'All Paris knews your fiancee, Jean, and I waU confess that I used to haunt the Folies when she first ap peared. I een± her hoo-bons and flowers, never jewels; knelt at her shrine for a season with the rent of the fooliahiy sentimental boulevardiers ; that's all; I think — yes, I am quite sure,' and Pascal 'helped his friend to the filet. — Taking the plate, De Gallier ate 'with keen enjoy ment, chatting with Pascal, hie suspicions for the t'me completely vanished. As they were sipping their absinthe preparatory to leaving the cafe a man and woman entered, and the woman, a tall, well Io:-med, once beautiful blonde, cast a look of recog nition at Pascal as dhe passed. Seating herself be side her ccmpamiaii at cue of the email tables direefcly facing Pascal and De G-allier, ehe critically ?looked at the former, commanding his attention by ?her gaze. As Pascal lifted his eyes and met hers he seemed dazed for a moment; then, he hastily arose, seized his hat and coat, and, muttering to him&elf;, fairly dragged De Gallier to the door. 'What is it, Pascal?' said Jean, anxiously, oe they reached the street. 'Who is that woman? Do I know her?' ? 'Oh, ehe is no one that y-oiu ever saw befcre. She is an American, I believe. I met her in San Fran cisco years ago. She did me a little service. Where sball we go? Oh, how stuipid of me, to the Polies, cf course. I anuet hear La Ghantruse once more be fore she becomes Mme. De Gallier. Here we are now; tie place will 'be well filled, as usual. Su zanne is evidently the Saehion. Oh, iby the way, that blende we just left at Jouffroy'e reminded me of Mile. Suzanne. That is, as Suzanne might look with the additional years and dissipation. Did you not notice it?' 'No,' said De Gallier, 'With emiphaj-iE, as they en tered the gallery of the ever-.pop.ular Polies, and, colling for a programme, glanced it over to see at what time the singer wafe to api-ear. Finding (her nura&er; among the last on tne tun, and not caring to hear 'the ofthers, De Gallier and Pascal sat d'&wn; at one of the email tatdes in the pretty foyer for a emoke, watching the crowd of happy, gay promenaders as they passed and repassed. Oc casionally a friend would stop for 'un bock' and to relate the latest -choice ccandal of the' boulevards. At last it was time for the singer, acd the two friends, entering the theatre, took seats near the stage, Suzanne was singing as they sat down .a quaint, catchy, little song of the boulevards, and she looked divinely fair in a 1 pretty t-Iue go-wn, sm. indescribable creation that j hung in soft folds afoout her well-rounded* figure i and matched her bri'llioiiit blue eyes. 'What a resemMance,' murmured Pascal as Suzanne returned for her encore. 'Strange I never noticed at before to-night.' Suzanne never sang better, and as her -clear, bird like voice rang out and she sang several difficult cadenza passages, De Gallier -watched her. his dark, eBpreasive face alive --wi'th passionate love. He was a -handsome feMoiw, dark as an Italian, with a debon naire look that proclaimed him an aristocrat. Louis Pascal, called by his intixcates Pascal, was equally attractive, being tall and fan-, -with a fine, clear-cut face and high ?torww: His nose was somewhat pro nounced and his mouth and chin well -defined and courageous. He was a man to command attention anywhere. It -was generally supposed that he was a Frenchman jpossessed-of-a-iarge-fortune, and that be had an interesting past no one doubted. Dis tinctly a man ot parts, he -was prominent in oluib ?circles, -but just who or what he was no one really knew. No, not even Jean, -who had been his ancst trusted friend at Che Academae and his ootrapanion in many- voyages. ? . ' As ffiseal sat there -listening to the pleading voice of pretty Suzanne he never took his eyes from her face, and in their blue depths was a lock of hatred, love, and pity -xrasmingled. Jean, happening to raise his eyes just then, for Suzanne, having finish ed her eong, was bowing hensel-f off the stage, caught a glimpse of Pascal's face, and immediately Ms misgivings were -with him again, and, touch ing 3iis friend's arm, Ihe whispered, in a coM, hollow voice, 'Pascal, tell me what you know c£ Suzanne.. You can't fool me any longer. I am sure that you are trying to keep something from me. Moo Diea, man, don't you Know that I am to marry her to- morrow; if you know anything of her past life be a man and epeak out.' Rieioig and yawning, Pascal took u-p his hatf and walking-stick and started -for the doer. When he had taken half-a-dozen steps joe turned, hesitated, then ?walked-baek to Jean. 'Forgive me, old man, for being so' churlish^ but you are very tiresome ?with your absurd suspicions. What has come over you? I ihave already .told -you all that I know of ?la Petite Suzanne.' Let's drop the subject. 'Oh, iwoman! It is thou that caiusest the tempests that agitate mankind,' Who isaad that knew what he rwae talking about, :ii'e6t pas? You' won't tell me ?what you' think! jaut'I-w»n,'t. tease you any more to-nigMt, Jean; oqme hiom© with me Sot an hour. lAupther engagement?. I 'should have guessed as' mvudh. Well, then,, adieiu: My. Idndestr remem irances for Mile/ I ain:-sujre that she will forgive my not ^waiting to congratulate her. I'll do that, after the ceremony ito-morrow; - and speaking of the ceremony reminds ^me , that I have a favor to ask. WS11 you come and -take a farewell lunch with an© «t 12. We will ;g© *o -the Riche, and, as ycu-r -marriage is not down until 2.S0; -we will have - ample time. ^ You accept? : Adieu, -then, until to teorrow at;i2,''' ana,,;rai6lDg-4ua halt, Pascal went ion down7 the Rue Richer, Jean going back to the stage door 'for Suzanne. ' '=.',? ' ..'.'.' As Jaaa reached the «atrano» Soaaxme -was walt ? . ? ? ? ? .-?-'. : ? -. ? '..? ':''' ? ' . ? ??? ? ? ?. ; :. ... ; '-. -.' .... ?' -\i/r:':i,. ???.'.?? . . ? ing for him, and her pretty face was petulant and : ecowiing as she raised her lips for his kirss. 'What's the matter, little one?' said Jean, 'and what are you crying about?' for her cheeks were: wet with teams. . ? . 'Nothing, Jean, dear. I know that I am -3illy, but ?when Iea,w yoiu with Louis Pascal to-night I could j hardly finish, my song. Why do you always bring j ?him to the Foliee? ' You know how I dislike him, ?mon cher.' ' 'I couldri1 1 help it, Suzanne. We dined together, j and he suggested that we run in to hear, you siag. J I may be a little auspicious, but why do you die- ? like Pascal? What do you 'know of him? What j has he eyer bean to you?' j 'Nothing, love, nothing, I assure you,' inter- ] rupted Suzanne, 'and he disUkes me so thoroughly j that I cannot help being disagreeable about him. j He has .frowned upon me- because I've refused his j invitations out to drive and dine, tout I have to \\-e ' careful, and the people in the profession' tell njc that Louis Pascal is not a man to be trusted or respected even. But what do yeu know about! him, Jean? Has he ever told you of his life in'] California?' ] 'His life in California. Suzanne? How did you { know that he ever lived in California?' | 'Oh, 'that is one of the stories at the theatre. I j hear something new of Louis Pascal every day. ! This came from a California manager, who made j me an offer for next season. He asked several ri us about Pascal, and finally told this story, which he says he can vouch for. Shall I tell it to you?' i 'Of course. I am always interested. in Louis, ! and I know that he went out to California several \ years ago. What adventures did he have in America?' i 'Well, the story is that his father had to leave j France when Louis was quite young, some politi- -t cal trouble, I believe, and that he made a fortune j in the new. world. That one day he died very j suddenly; there was a great scandal and mystery ? about the whole affair, and Louis brought his \ heart broken mother back to her people in tbe^ south of France where she died saortly after. A ^ Jiew years ago Louis went back to. settle somoi claims, met and married a pretty girl in one of^ the California towns, left her in three days and came back to his dear Paris. Strange he never told you. But it may be only a story, every ons knows something of Louis Pascal;' and Suzanne locked critically 'at her escort. 'Heigho, here we are. No, dear, you can't come in to-night. I am \ very tired and want to be alone, but to- morrow 1 shall be yours for ever. Tell me, darling,' throwing her arms about his neck and drawiag his face down close to hers, 'tell me, do you really love me?' 'Love you? How can you ask that question when you are so soon to be my wife. But it is late, and you are tired. Good night, ma mignon, may God bless and keep you always.' Kissing ?her again and again De Gallier unlocked and open ed the door for her, waiting below until a light in the window at the top of the pension she called home told him that she had reached her room all right, then, turning and lighting a cigar, he hailed a cab and drove rapidly away to his hand some apartments in the Faubourg St. irermain. Suzanne, alone, threw herself upon a couch and gave way to a passionate burst of tears, talking to herself incoherently. 'Oh, Father in heaven, he does not yet know, and I thank thee Pascal has not yet told him. Wby is he so unrelenting! I am not to blame for what my mother did, and I was so young then, and I loved Pascal so tenderly. Oh. those happy days in sunny California. Would that I could blot out all else and live again among the oranges and flowers, as sweet and pure as the violets in our little garden. I thought we were married that night at the old mission, and for three days I was the happiest woman in the world. 'Why didn't you kill me then. Pascal,' sobbed the wretched woman, addressing for the moment a photograph of a man. 'before you told me the horrible story of my) mother's life? Oh, the shame and the sorrow' when I learned from your dear lips that I was the child of an opera bouffe singer, and that no one knew who my father was; that my mother had followed your father to Am erica, and, after several letters demanding money and recognition of me. had entered his home, denounced him to his wife, and that a few days later his father had died suddenly, poisoned; that suspicion immediately fell unon my mother, and that she fled, leaving me at the hotel, to be adopted by good Mrs. Lindsey. Horrible as_ a U that was, the worse was to fdlow; for he then told' me that tie had sworn vengeance through me, and had only won my love and consent to a secret marriage that he might laugh at me, and make me to suffer as he had seen his poor mother suffer through the woman who had given me birth; that we were not legally married; the priest was a friend brought to Santa Barbara for the occasion, that I had better go back to Mrs. Lindsey, and tell her that he was tired of me. Left penniless and alone, what was I do?, I was too proud to go back to my foster mother, and so I went up to San Francisco, and from there to New York. 'Oh, God, how I hate to think of that terrible struggle in New York. My singing gave me but a pittance, and I could not find honorable work. Finally I' reached Paris, and after my success at the -Folies, and Jean came into my life, I tried to forget the past, and to be true to myself and to him. It has been a hard struggle, for Pascal has been relentless in his efforts to lead me back to the wretched life. He has humbled me whenever he could, and now he threatens to take Jean from me. Oh, Father, it is so hard to be good, so hard. Lcok down upon me to-night, repentant, and give me courage to tell Jean everything, to do right for ever more.' Weary, Suzanne at last fell asleep, not to waken until noon. Getting up she rapidly dressed for her wedding, then after a cup of coffee sat down to wait for Jean. She was now resolved to tell him the story of her life, not .to keep back any thing, and she hoped that he loved het well enough j to forgive her for having deceived him. Lost in reflection, she did not heed the time until the dis I tant clocks chimed two; scringing to her feet, j i she hastened to the little window and sat down I i to watch for him. Half past rang out a neighbor ing clock, and still he did not come. Then three, while the now frenzied woman, fearing that Pascal had told him all, paced the floor, her hands clench ed and her face drawn and white. It was long after five when she heard his step upon the stairs, and with a wild cry of joy she ran to the door to greet him. Jean's face was hag gard and sad as he clasped Suzanne to. him, kvi sing her tenderly, while she. overcome with emotion, clung to him, sobbing as if her heart would break. At last Jean, putting her away from him,- said, 'I am late little one, but come, put on your -hat and we will drive to the church and try to find good Father Savarin; I learthat he has long shice ceased to expect us; then, darling, when you -are mine I will tell you all that has happened since 1 left you last night. Don't cry. rather laugh, for in less than an hour your troubles will all be over. Here is your coat, I am impatient, so makie haste.' 'Jean, Jean, darling, I have deceived you, let me tell you all now before I become your wife,' cried Suzanne in her anguish, 'hear me, Jean,' as he motioned for her to be sileat. 'let me tell you the truth about Louis Pascal, for 1 know him better than you think.' 'Hush.' he replied, turning deadly white, 'I already know all. Louis has told me. Why did you deceive me, Suzanne? But come, later we will talk about it.' Trembling, Suzanne followed him down the stairs and into the carriage, and Jean, clasping her to his breast, forbade her to speak. Reaching the Madeleine they entered. ' It was just dusk and the twilight stealing in through the -painted lacunars shone upon Pradier s beautiful group m marble, representing the nuptials of the Virgin. In the Chapelle des Mariages they found the priest still waiting and the half dozen witnesses bidden by Jean. Suzanne scarcely realised the solemn words that bound them together forever. She was thinking of that ample service one, night, seven years ago. in the old mission, and of Louis. Like one in a. dream ahe repeated the words cf the service, ber sweet voice hardly audible, and at times it was al-. meet impossible for her lo answer at all,- so fast her heart beat and eo terrified was ehe. At last it was all over, and hurrying through the congratulatioae t&ey; Je£t the church, and entering, the carriage' drove to their apartments in the Faubourg St. Germain. Upstaira to a charming little boudoir, especially arranged for her, Jaan led his brids, and, ringing for her maid, went out to send for Suzanne's lug gaga in the Rue du Conservatoire. The maid deftly, removed her mistress's bat and cost, and, placing a' chair before the open fire, left the room. Spzanne eanir back into its depths overcome with : ©motion. ?Jean entering an hour, after' found her' there, and as he 'besot and kissed her white fsxa she sprang up in terror. ,.., . : ... .- 'What is it, Jean; whatTias Pascal told you? Tell ' me, lor my sufferings are more, than ,1 can bear. * Where is Louis? - .'Not here, Jean;- don't tell ma'; that 'he is here,'' and, trembling, ehe tiirew ier-H self upon the couch end wept aloud. . '. ..- . \ -^ 'Hush, little ?wife, Louis is not tore,' though^ I; wash, to God he was. Don't move away,' and Jean ©sated himself beside her and ? gently drew her to him. . 'Now that we are here in our home I want to - tell you about Pascal, , noble hearted Louis Pascal, : whom we ehell never see again. To-day I promised to lunch with turn at the Riche, a sort of farewell to my gay, bachelor life, you know. ' It was ar-'j ranged for twelve, and we were to come end fetch' you to the church afterwards. Well, r went to the cafe i on the hour, and entering waited for fully, half an ? hour for PAabaL ; 1 iu greatly annoyed that Pascal' -^3t 'was our wedding day — who Is always eo .prompt, diobld, at this time be behind time. At last he ap peared,, looking for all the world like the ghost of -Himself, and ea agitated that it was wMh diflxculty that 'tie could 'command himself, and give Ujs order to the waiting gareon,. .' He simply nedded to^me, then, ignoring my very presence, drew the 'Figaro* frdmhis pocket, and commenced to scan its. pages, ?t watched him for fully ten minutes, than I reach ed over and touched him, saying that I ? had raad the papier, aind would like to chat a little, that it was hardly the way to treat a happy bridegroom upon bis wedding day. He raised his eysa then, they were swollen, and the lids w-sre heavy from loss bl eleep, 'and said: 'So you are a happy bride groom, and this is your -wedding day? I must beg pardon for having forgotten it,' and then ? he com menced- to talk of you in the strangest way. I was ?fast losing my temper, and about to compel him to stop ? :. Don't draw away, dear; give me your hand. Why, bow. cold it is, are you ill?' 'No, no, go on, Jean, please. I am only a little overcome by the events of the day and the heat; it is very warm here, iust open the window and let. us draw away from the fire,' ana, abruptly rising, Suzanne drew tbe divan clcee to the win flow, and, opening it, eat down at Jean's side. Tailing her cold, lifeleca bonds in his warm one?. Jean stroked them gently as he continued: 'At last Pascal spoke more coherently, ? and told me that he had a, secret to tell me about you. That he had known you .intimately in the past, had met you in SauUbem California, where you were living with a Mrs. Lindeey, who had adopted you when, your mother, one of the most wretched of women, had 'abandoned you, after .poisoning his father. He ,told me tbat he made love to you under the orange trees, and finally -won your consent to a secret marriage which he was just telling me about when the woman we had seen last night entered the cafe, accompanied '. by a tall, magnificently-built Spaniard. Psiseal eeemed to kse his reason the monient he eaw/her, but kept on with his etory, watching her the while. -She was a voluptuous blonde^ tall, and exquisitely formsd, and ehe bore a striking resemblance to you, dear.' She and her companion had evidently been drinking, and, as their conversation was coare-e and their laughter loud, ins. proprietor came over, and requested them to be more quiet. Suddenly the woman, leaning o*rer the table, struck the man two or three sharp blows across the face with her hand, saying: 'Adclph, you are a liar; you shall not say that to me!' They both rose, 2nd the man, hissing like a ser pent, put his hand under h!s coai, and we eaw the long, keen blade of his stiletto flash in the air. As the knife descended, Louis- sprang between them, throwing up his arm to strike the knife from ths Spaniard's hand. The man was too quick fa him, however, and Pascal received, a terrible blow in the. side. The blood spurted from the ugly wound, Paeeal falling into my arms, saying, 'Jean, I am a dead man.' ' 'Oh, Mon Dieu, how horrible! don't tell me any mare,,' Jean; don't tell me any more,' and Suz- anre threw' hereelf uprn the floor, burying her face in her hands, trembling with fear. Jean lifted her in his arms, and rang for some brandy and ice, pi iced her upon the couch, and, seated baside her, waited for nearly an hour before she was sufficiently strong to hear the rest 0* the story. 'Poor Pascal fainted from loss of bleed before Dr. Latouche arrived, and it was with difficulty that we got him to his apartments. Ho only lived an hour, long enough to tell me that he had cruelly wronged you, .asd that he loved you, and would ask your forgivenes-. Poor, brave Pascal, to think that tie has gone from me for ever,' and Jean wept like a child. 'He icst conseiouisnaas then, only rousing once to call out the name of tha woman whese life be had sived, and to whisper to me that that woman was the creature who had followed his father to America, and* entering his home, denounced him +o his wile, that finally baffled, ehe had poisoned him, and that she — come clcee, dear wafe — is your mother.' Suzanne, who had b-?en lost in the retrospection of &er; life in California and her great love for Louis, sprang trom the couch as Jean told her of her mother, her pretty face aflame with hatred and fear. , ? : . . 'So, that woman is my mother, my mother, and she is alive! Where is ehe, Jean? I swear to you that I will hunt her down and kill her? Oh, ?Louis, _ Louis,. I shall never eee you again, never tell you how I love and forgive ycu.' As ehe spoke tie door was suddenly thrown cpen and the concieige, followed by a woman, stood in the doorway. Entering the apartment the woman threw back her veil, and Jean eiw, to his horror, the mother, of Suzanne before them. 'Ah, you recognise me, M. De Gallier; S3 much ths better. Introduce me to my daughter, your wife. The police are after me, and I have hurried here to claim your protection. You know I am not re sponsible for M. Pascal's death; you saw the affair. And eo this is my charming daughter,' and hold ing out her hand, she advanced towards Suzanne. Suzanne, springing aside, raised her arm threat eningly. 'Don't desecrate the sacred nama of mother!' ehe hfesed. 'Don't dare to touch me! Leave. .the room -instantly, do' you hear! Leave the room I say.' The woman hesitated a moment, then, with a cold, mocking laugh, boldly advanced, and seized De Gallier by tne arm. and es 'he drew hlmselt away from her a pistol shot rang out. When the emoke cleared away th^y found Suzanne upon the couch, Jean's revolver etill clasped in her lifeless hand. — Jane Marlon, in 'New York Clipper.' 