"THE DEATH-KNELL OF MAJORITY RULE." At Ids meeting in Albury on lost Tuesday night, Mr. Jainc Asliton, M.L.A. far Hay, made a striking (though not new) figure of sticcch uv describing the adoption of the Federal Cotm'tiliun Hill w the "death-knell of majority rule,' and this Is how lie went on to explain his mean ing. He is reported to have said that in the joint sitting subsequent to a doublcdiMohi- tion the large states would ho two reprroen- tativesstronger,outot94,thaothiwombined small states ; that it was without reeonl that all the members of a legislative cham ber hnd recorded their votes at one and the same time, and that, ".Suppose three happened to I away: suppose they were sick (presumably referring to those re presenting the largo states) ; or suppose they held strong views in favour of the small states, the small states would pre vail. No one out of a lunatic asylum would for a moment challenge Mr. Ash- tons i postujate. But is bo not a trifle one sided i When wns it decreed that the representatives of small etatrs. In partic ular. should bo immune from ilisatfcction in the matter of holding strong views In favour of the larger states, or from the Musibilitv that "tiireo should be away or rick i lio conjures up ghosts of difficul ties, which, however, do not affright thoso who arc disposed to view matters ra tionally. Messrs, Loasetter aud Co.'s paper. The Audmlinn field, which made itself so ridiculous with its coloured charts of New aouth \\\ ales, at the election of delegates to the Convention, has got 'em again. In an article headed Fetters or Freedom, it professes to show how Now .South Wules will shrink under Federal Government, and how Now South Wales trade will bo limited. Of course it means bow Sydney trade, mid Sydney connection will be limi ted,! and shrink. And that is j'uit what will do New South Wales most good in her present trouble. We want to do awny with centralization, and Federation will at least go a stop intbat direction, Canada, with a territory larger than that of Australia, governs her population of over five millions, at a cost of. roundly, 7 millions. In that case what to pre vent tho estiinnto of 6£ millions being «ou«b to govern a little over 3 millions? And If 6 £ millions bo admitted on those grounds to be sufficient, why should Coeh- ion and PuMord need an umpire in tlio Eerson of French, It can be determined y tho simple rule of proportion— not the present "rule of three." Narcotics and stimulants produce at presont over 3 mil lions. A revenue duty of 121 Pr cent, on the rest of Australia's importations would produce tho balance of-tlio 6£ mil- linna FMiiiir«<1 Tli.l ! 4a .... ie <1.. " majority rule" fixes the future policy of Federated Australia as protective- which It is likely to do. Australasia, exclustue of hor railway management, upends £23000,000 to govern 4f millions 1 That's partly because wo have so many Members of Parliament, and in the ead event of tho Convention Bill being this time rejected, those Members of Parliament will see to it that they don't give the people another chance of federating by allowing another enabling bill to pass. Truth, also, has a fling at what it Is PjfMed to call "Majority Murder" Apt alliteration ! Euphonious expression. It says: 'A measure obnoxious, and, maybe, " tyrannous so fur as N.S.W. and Victoria are concerned, is introduced in tlie House of Representatives, say, by Westralia. " It is a measure which will benefit the smaller colonies to tho detremont of tho larger ones, ami such a measure can bo triumphantly carried in the Senate, although its representation does not con sist of one third of the population of "Commonwealth." What! Whether it passes ui the House of Representatives or not! Oh, no, John! Try again. And surely Truth, the mighty Truth, knows «ubv iuu oonuio represents estates — not population ! What is moant, thou, by the Senates representation not consisting of one third of tlio population of the Com monwealth ! . M'- Ashton and Truth mean »y Maionty Rule" tho. preponderance of 2,500,001 over 2,409,992 in five million votes. If that is what they mean it's time its tleqih knell wasrung, Queen's Birthday.— Tickets at holi- day excursion fares will bo issued on the Victorian .railways by all trains on the 21st, 22nd, 23nl and .24th May, available for return till 31st May inolusfvo. It is intimated that trains will only stop as per time-table. ' i meetina of Obkditouh.— It is noti fied elsewhere that the single meeting of creditors in re 8. J. Chonitull (trailing as S. J. Ohcuhall & Co.), commiB»ion agent, Corowa, will bo held at. tho Court-house, Corowa, before tho District Registrar in Bankruptcy, on Friday, 27th Inst. Credit ors desiring to voto thereat muat iodgo proofs with tlio Registrar in Bankruptcy, Sydney, as advertised, not later than the 19th inst. . Mr. Hayes, M.L.A., at Daysdale.— A correspondent informs us that Mr. Hayes, member for thodistrict, addressed a large meeting ia the Daysdale School of Arte on Wednesday evening last. Mr. J.- G. Johnstone, J.P., occupied the chair, and suitably introduced thospeakcr. Mr. Hayes went through the most vital points of the Commonwealth Bill, and as at Corowa, intimated that ho intended to vate for it. At the conclusion of his re marks Mr. Hayes was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. The Chulrnum (by re quest) put n motion to tho meeting " that Federation on the liues of the present Constitution Bill is not desirable to tho people of New South Wales " but only three persons (including tho mover and seconder) voted for it Mr. Hayes also addressed a large meeting at Ursaa last week, those present cheering at the cleso of the meeting. Corowa Hospital.— The matron wishes to acknowledge tho following donations- Load of wood, Mr. M'Lcod ; loadofwood, Mr. Simpson; fruit, Mr.A.Pigein; wheel barrow, Mr. Body ; papers, Air. Middle- ditch : turkey, Airs. Sliaw ; eggs, Mrs. Seymour ; eggs, tomato sauce, Mrs. Far- The Cleroyman andtiik Bkkr.— 1 Tho following tit-hit from Sydney Truth will doubt less Imi rend with interest in Herri- gan A clergyman entered a publich nise in the Glebe and asked for a pint of lierr, remarking on the thirst produced by the heat of trie day. On tho doorstep fist the ptiblicau's two little boiis. Tho youngest (loquitor): "That's a priest, ain't it, .lolin- nloT ./ohnnio (assertively): No, you silly. Why, lie's drinking beer. If it was a priest, he'd shako hands with dadda and linvo a whisky," Rkkrhian v. AIwavai.a— At the last meeting of the Bcrrigan I'rogrcss Associa tion Afr, Nicholas brought under notlco tho fact, that Bcrrigan hail far greater ctuims far .1 Land Board to be held thoro than Alulwnln, the present locale. He moved that the Association apply for a Local Land Board to bo held at a place which was situated more centrally than Mutwala, Mr. Wlutty, in seconding the motion, said Bcrrigan could now swamp about five of Alulwala comfortably, so far as K)pulstion, etc., was concerned. Tlie motion was carried. The i'mxinth-h Committee. — Only two gcntlcmon turned up on Friday after noon (ot the monthly meeting of tlio Progress Committee— Air. Piggin (secre tary) and Mr. Thomas Bray— consequently the meeting lapsed, aud Mr. Piggin has to retain the secretaryship, a post ho' iiii-iiiuuio iv uauvnuinti nv mo umi. meeting ( ho had not time to attend to, with an iiitiihatlon that he desired them to take tho matter seriously and arrange for a successor. Members seemingly have not taken tho question in a very serious light, and by tucir non-attendauco have shelved tho jnatter— for another month at loast. New Fish Shop.— On Friday morning Air. Chan. Baker, of Scotch pio repute, opened tlio pretntiea— in addition to his other place of business— recently occupied bv Messrs. Roe Bros., butchers, adjoining Air. I'. K. Ritchie's establishment, as a fish and oyster saloon. A very nice din- Klay of fresh fish, including gurfisli. Hat red, linrracootn, etc., together with smoked New Zciland I1I110 cod, prawns, lobsters, oysters, etc., was made, which goes to further exemplify the fact that Mr. Baker has evidently a keen |>srccp- tion of the needs of the public, as he generally manages to striko out in tho right direction. He should luive no rea son to regret his enterprise. CunR 1011 Influenza.— Aa influenza is about again, we give the following ex tract from a imper by Dr. Andrew Wilson, in Scirnee Jutting, received by the last mail I find that bi-carbonnto of potash administered in milk- in doses of, My, thirty grains or inoro every three or four hours— has a remarkable effect in n&rifitiiig; a speedy recovery. One can understand tho rationale of tills simple treatment. Tho effect of the potash ifi to render tlie blood alkaline, atul. presumably because tho influenza microbe docs notiike alka line, it succumbs to an unsuitable environ ment. And to tho potash treatment are added the necessity for keeping in an equable temperature, fur roristanco of thinic the avorago case of influenza may then bo safely tided over." Williamson's Tourist Comrany.— By advertisement elsewhere it is notified that Air. Williamson—' who wns hero a few weeks ago— intends to bring his company forward again for a one night's season at tho School of Arts, viz., on Tuosdny, 17th inBtant, All those who patronised tho company during their last appearance wcro warm in their praises of the sterling character of tho ontortain- liient provided, cvory momber of the troupo being a host in himself or herself, and it was predicted by many at tho tiino tlmt should thoy again re-appear bofore a local audience thoy would do much bottor business than they did on that occasion. The programmo includes the usual minstrel first part, serio-comic and comic songs, farces, dancing, cto., and throughout is. admitted to bo thoroughly up-to-date. "Free Pkiuh Foothall Guide."— It is our intention to issue, ot an early date, the free Prem foothtdl Guid? for 1898, which will bo very similar to lost year's. It will contain the season's draw for both tlio Ovons and Alurray Association, and tho District Junior Association, tho rules 01 uio u. anu m. Association anu \ ic- torian Football Loague. plan of a playing ground, together with the Association and League (Melbourne) rules, and other useful information. The reading matter will be interleaved with business an nouncements at a nominal charge, and we shall bo pleased to hear from persons desiring space for au advertisement. The litUo book — admitted to be oue of the best of its kind published —will be gratuitously tirculated in all the principal distriet-contres and will be found an excellent - medium for reaching tho homos of the many. Hospital Ball.— Unusual preparations have been made for a largo attendance at tbo hall in aid- of tho C'orowa Hospital, which takes place in tho School of Arts on Friday eveniug next. Already a large number of tickets have been disposed of, and tlie event promises to bo a great suc cess, the joint secretaries (Messrs. A. Lovin and E. Elliot,) and tho ladies' com mittee being indefatigable in their efforts to ensure that ond. Should the old hall bo available, it is proposed to lay tho supper therein, in order to reservo the capacious stage— whioh will bo furnished as a drawing- room— for cards nod other intend doing it may be mentioned that a request was mado on tholr bohalf for per mission to use the hall tm day before the event, at the last meeting of the School of Arts, and although not favourably enter tained, the ladies will no doubt find a means of putting all their, propositions into effect. Terrible Shipping Disasters.— Two Steamers Wrecked.— Confirmation of- the news that the Newcastle and Hunter River Company's steamer Maitland had gone ashore on the rugged coast above Broken Bay was received in Corowa on Saturday afternoon, On clearing Sydnoy Heads the terrific gale and heavy sea buffeted tlie vessel nliout as if she were a toy immediately she cleared tho Heads, and shortly after a huge sea broke in board on the starboard quarter and wrought fearful datnago. In spite of tho greatest efforts of tho crew, tho vessol was left at tlio mercy of the gale. All hands were called on deck, ana life belts served out. Thorn was no panic, all haods behaving in a calm manner, and at 3 a.m. all hands were advised to do tho best they could for themselves. Tlio list of tlie drowned inoludcs 10 members of tho crew and 11 passengers. Twclvo otlior passengers are also missing Tlio steamer Mcrkawocth also met with simi lar experiences, and was found abandoned " «"«»» Vt uv H jmov steamer. There was no sign of the crew, who liad taken to tho boats, and tho pilot boat watched tho steamer sink. Eight of the crow, including tho captain, chief officer, second ongineor, and fireman, per- 1 ished from oxhnustion and exposure, and were in turn thrown overbonru. Eventu ally tiireo or the crew— one of whom lias furnished a heartrending narrative of the wreck— reached the beach in an exhausted state, and after undergoing great priva tions were eventually rouud by a search party. Numerous accounts of damage done to smaller craft are also published. It is stated that tho galo is one of tho most remarkable over experienced, not only for violence, hut for the length of its continuation. Tho Maitlaud wob in- w ft? S.,uft British office for £8000, and tho Morksworth was covered in tho sarao company for £3600. Woods' Great Poppermint CnL ft. Loughs and Colds novor fails, 1/6 and 2/6 Important to Selector.— Some of our district contemporaries continue to refer to the Tarnmia blocks as boingstill open to HomcMeod Selection on the 16tli June, at Corowa, when, as a matter of fact, all but two of the sixteen have been additionallv-eonditionally purchased by adjoining holders, and are thereby re moved from Homestead Selection. It is almost certain that the remnant will be a.r.p'd next Thursday, and readers on tho look-out for land should not, therefore, ho led astray by intimations that lfomc- fltr&d; Selection Area 448, district of Cor owa is available for selection on Juno 16. Catholic Concert, —A very attrac tive programme is being arranged for tlio concert to bo held In tho Oddfellows' Halt on Wednesday evening, 18th inst., in aid of tho Cstholio bazaar funds. It ia announced the tho following visiting vocalists— soiuo of whom have already established themselves as favourities by local audiences—' will take part:— Miss Schmidt, Air. C. Schmidt, Aire. Forrior and Miss Toy, Albury ; Alias Martin, Melbourne ; and Messrs. Tregurtha, Albums, and Miss l'orlor, of Cmltcrn- Those, added to local anu district con tributor, should go to make up a grand fund of entertainment for local conoert- goora. Tho concert will lio followed by a grand hall ; and as tho object in view is 0110 deserving of public support, no doabt large numbers will attend both functions. New Doctor.— By profeaslonnl notice clscwlicro Dr. A. N. Ohcnhall, M.B., B.S., Melbourne (son of Mrs. Chenhall, of the Globe Hotel) notifies Ids intention of commencing practice in Corowa in a few weeks' time. Dr. Chenhall has, for a ? oung man, had some first-class experience, iftvintr (SIImI tl>« iVMtfi nt resident Simeon and physician to the Ciiildren's Hospital and Women's Hospital, Melbourne, and District Hospital, Ballorat. We under- atand it was Ids intention to proceed for a tour through China and Japan prior to settling down in practice, but owing to the inducements hold out by residents since coming to tlio town, ho has aban doned nil notion of tlio trip in favour of settling down In our midst. He has purchased tlio commodious brick residence 111 danger-street opposite tho Australian Hotel, and as soon as some altemtionsnro effected will take up his resideneo there. Wo wisli the young doctor every success. Makruok Bells. — -On Wednesday afternoon (reports the Sydnoy Morning IlemUl) the marriage of Afiss Annie Lyne, eldest daughter of the Hon. W. J. Lyne and Mrs. Lyne, of " Alcrrytnlwulo," North Sydney, with Afr. Marcus AFCauseland. son of Air. and Airs. Alt.'auseland, Neutral Bay, took place nt St. John's Ohurch, Milson'a Point, and was performed by the Rev. J. Carroll. Tho cnurch was beau tifully decorated with chrysanthemums and greenery, an nrch being erected across the centre aisle, near the chancel stew. Mr. Bare ro ft ncted as best man. At tlie conclusion of tlie ceremony the wedding party adjourned to tho residence of the brides parents, where a reception was held anu refreshments served in the large dining room, the numerous and handsome wedding presents being displayed in the drawing room. Tlicguesls iticlnded many uf tho leading members ofSydncy society. 