A SMffl LIFE, By MATIPIAS MT'IJOKNHLD BODKIN, Q.C, author of 'Lord Edward Fitzgerald,' 'White Magic,' 'The Adventures of Mr. juggins,' etc. CHAPTER XVII.— (Continued.) But Jeannette was still briijiming over with enthusiasm though her sympathies seemed to have suddenly shifted from Trevor to Ardel. 'Oh, it was glorious! glorious!' ehe exclaim ed. 'It sets one's pulses dancing to the glint and clash of the steel just like a real battle.' 'Not quite,' said Trevor and Wlckham to gether. The same wdrds, but there was .a world of difference in the'tone. 'It's but a poor business, after all,' Wick-, ham continued eneeringly; 'a game, for boys, and girls to look at It has no touch of the glorious excitement of real war.' . 'The glorious excitement of the butcher's sliop,' Trevor retorted, startling them all as he spoke so earnestly; startling Wiekham most of all. - ? .:.?....- 'Are you a Quaker, Trevor?' heasked a little contemptuously. 'I am a man,' the other answered hotly, 'who has no patience with the folly and savagery of war. Here we are, poor, helpless creatures that could not give life to a fly, and we think it glorious to slaughter men whole sale. Why, this same science of killing is the chief science of the world. Money and mind are lavished on it If any man makes a great discovery, the first thought is how he best can use It to kill other men. Men want to fly that they may do their killing more readily.' j 'I did not speak of butchery, as you call it,' said' Wickhani, a little sulkily, 'but of civilised warfare.' j 'Civilised warfare! the grotesque etiquette of massacre! It's wrong to kill men with hot Bhot, but right to break them up with dynamite bombshells. It would be atrocious to poison a single soldier; but it's quite in order to mangle a whole regiment with machine guns. When every deadly device nas been tried to kill and mutilate men wholesale, decorum re quires that surgeons should be provided to i patch them up in detail. Where is the difr ference, I'd like to know, between civilised warfare -and uncivilised murder, except in the magnitude of the crime? The murderer kills one man, inflamed by some strong motive, it may be — some intolerable wrong, the conqueror kills half a million — or rather he gets fools to do his killing for him— for glory's sake, that he may be named in history as the most expert \ and successful- murderer of his age.' \- 'Don't call it murder, Harry,' Ardel inter posed; 'it's fair play all round. The soldier risks his own life ? ' 'That's cold comfort to the man he kills or mangles; to the wife or mother or children of. the man he kills. You don't compensate them for that dear lost life by telling them that the man who took it was brave.' I 'But there's the honor, the glory,' Ardel persisted. ; The other laughed contemptuously. 'The cackle of the unborn about the grave— the silly wicked cackle that is the Incitement to new crimes.' 'Oh, that's nonsense, Harry; you must know that's nonsense. The men most praised, most thought about, and talked about, and written about, are the men that won big battles. His tory and poetry are full of them. Even yet we know all about the chaps before Homer's time, who prodded each other wi£h spears and smashed each other with big stones round the walls of Troy, and that's about all we do know about those days or the men that lived in them. It's the same thing all the way down through history. The big generals are the great men; Alexander the Great, or Hannibal, or Scipio, or Napoleon In our own time, who came within an ace of conquering all Europe. Lay your hand on your heart, Harry, and say you would not be a Napoieon if you could.' 'I'd sooner be the devil*' he answered im petuously, 'the cruellest devil of mediaeval history, who broiled live souls on a red-hot gridiron, or dipped them shrieking in molten lead through all eternity. Napoleon was to my mind the foulest monster that ever defiled this beautiful world.' 'You are thinking of the cruel way he treat ed poor Josephine.' cried Jeannette. '? He smiled in spite of his earnestness. 'No. Jen, I was not thinking of that exactly. I don't care two straws how lie treated 'poor Josephine'— ^a selfish, wanton,' he muttered be- 1 tween his teeth. 'My pity is not in the least I for the poor empress, deprived of her golden \ head gear, and of a husband, savage, sensual, and unfaithful I was thinking of the men he made corpses; the women he made widows; the children he made orphans; the happy homes he made desolate by the million. The pain and death and sorrow with which he wan tonly filled the world — this one squat man with the brain and heart of a devil, this pastmaster' of war.' 'By Jove, you're right, Harry,' cried the converted Ardel; 'war is a beastly business when you come to think of it. Beg pardon, old man' — to Wiekham — 'I quite forgot you were a soldier yourself.' It was not a very happy form of apology. But Wiekham laughed pleasantly. 'Oh, don't mind me,' he said. 'To tell you the truth I'm not eo keen on soldiering as I was. I'd be glad to chuck the whole thing and 'live at home at ease' if—' Trevor caught the quick glance at Lucy that finished the sentence, and her answering blush, J and felt for an instant more murderous than was consistent with his theory. Jeannette's gay voice made a diversion. 'How is it, Harry,' she said, 'that you are so fond of make-believe killing when you so de test the reality? If swords are such hateful things, why do you love playing with them?'' Al-del came promptly to the rescue of his fa vorite pastime; perhaps she guessed he would. 'It's the best sport in the world,' he said, 'and I've tried most of them. It keeps eyes and nerves and muscles all at full play to gether. There Is not a trace of danger. If, anything, it is too eafe.' 'I'm not so 'sure of that,' 6he -answered, shaking her curly head wisely. 'I was read Ing only this morning in the 'Times' a para graph about a man who was killed by what you call the button breaking off his foiL I mean off the other man's foil. I did not like to aay anything about it, but it frightened me the whole time I was watching you.' But Ai'del laughed good humoredly at her tears. 'Oh, there's no danger of that with my foils; they are the T-est made.' 'I'm glad. I thought it the prettiest sight to look at possible. But I'll enjoy it even more the next time, when I'm not frightened.' He flushed with pleasure, but stumbled at the hint she shyly gave. Young Trevor help- ; ed him out He seemed curiously eager to help Ardel in this strange love affair. 'Would to-morrow suit you, Jen, for a sec ond .exhibition? .Ardel will give me my re venge, I know, and I'll do my befit to make the play worth looking at; though bad is my best when he is concerned,' 'You'll come, too, Wiekham,?' said Ardel, de lightedly. . ! - The handsome colonel etarteA from a brown etudy. 'Oh, I am afraid not; I shall be busy.' 'Cannot you spare as an hour or two to see fair play?' . --? j 'All right,' he answered, smiling, 'Til come I — to see fair play.' So it was settled. ? . ? . . They were a curious iwntra&t;,- those two who etood facing each other nextiday, in closefit ting eilk jerseys; foils in Hand, before the. wire masks went on. JHarry Trevor was of the Saxon type, fair face and sturdy figured-square shouldered and strong limbed, good looking but .commonplace, blue-eyed, curly haired, With the fresh complexion of a girl. He look ed more than ever & boy confronted -with Ar- , oel's stately figure. la the eof t ware of Ar- ' del's dark-brown hair there were touches of, white, a sable silver, but there were no lines on the broad -brow, no dimming of the dark eyes. The tall -figure that faced Ti'eVor eo gracefully- was still in thfe full prime and strength ot mature ihafilioocL A young spirit seemed to .have kept his' body young. Between the two women ;who watched the trial from- the balcony the contrast was not less striking. Laughffig-eyea, aimple'd, Uuxoin jeannette was the very -embodiment of gay youth. Lucy of pure and gentle womanhood. It was curious to note that the boy's eyes 'went up for encouragement to the woman, and 'the man's to the schoolgirl. In every game of chance or skill* even the casual spectators invariably take sides. Which side did Lucy take, and which Jeannette, They could not themselves have told. Whiie the men and women talked together before the trial, Lucy was strong for Trevor and Jean nette for Ardel. But when the two stood fac ing each .other in the arena, each woman, felt her sympathy waver and shift from the cham pion of her first choice till Lucy's interest cen tred in the man, and Jeannette's in the boy. Wiekham, who from the first, seemed strangely and even nervously excited by the scene, handed to each man the foil he had used on the previous day, and .gave tihe signal to begin, shuflling aiid bungling over the simple task. The long salute was performed with easy grace. Ardel loved the quaint ceremony of his f avbrite sport, and would pretermit no pass or wave or flourish of the foils. Then the blades kissed, and for a long min ute the swordsmen, motionless as statues, and as graceful, with foils advanced and feet firm ly planted, and open left hand raised and over their shoulder, stood searching each other's eyes. Ardel moved first— just a little quiver of the right hand and wrist— but his blade's point slipped under Trevor's and back again, once, twice, three times, elusive alike to eye and touch, then his body went forward with a quick spring and Trevor felt the button prod him sharply in the side. 'One for Ardel,' the umpire cried, as they dropped their swords' points, and Lucy smiled and Jeannette. pouted; they had changed sides again. The next bout was longer, but it ended the same fashion, with a touch on Trevor's eword ai*m. Then his chance came. He parried a straight thrust of ArdePs so closely that the point ripped his' jeieey at the side as it went by. Before Ardel could get back to guard, quick as light, Trevor's lunge followed the parade. His right hand dropped to his hip; his arm and body went forward together, his whole weight and strength behind the thrust. The button caught Ardel on the right breast and the flexi ble steel bent with the insistent impetus behind it. Then suddenly the foil snapped within an inch of the point, and -the jagged end went on. It passed within the fastening of the mask and rased the skin of Ardel's throat; a shade closer had been instant death. Trevor recovered his broken sword instinc tively—dazed by the narrow escape of his friend; incapable of speech. Wiekham rushed forward with pale face. The women shrieked ilO it -LCW UJ.UJJ0 ^J*. LflVUU Ui-A»-ai.H_l_». J-a-VJ-i-* ,u..i.u.^* *~r throat with widening crimson stain on his white jersey. Only Ai-del himself was cool. He touched the broken skin at his neck with his finger tips. 'It's all right,' he cried, cheerily, 'only a pin scratch. Get yourself another foil, Tre vor. I mean to pay you out for that.' But Trevor flung the broken weapon from him furiously. He was trembling all over, and faint from the reaction. 'Thank God, thank God.' lie muttered under, his breath; then suddenly he burst out crying like an hys terical girl. In an instant Ardel was full of surprise and sympathy. 'Don't worry, old man. It was the purest chance. It could not have happened again in a thousand years. It was a miracle .that one of the foils should go like that. Well, we won't fence any more if you don't care to, and I'll sit down patiently under defeat. Only don't take it like that, Harry; don't look as if you had seen a ghost, or as if you were a ghost yourself If the sword had gone cleau through you instead of only scratching my skin, you could- not look more ghastly.' 'Nothing at all. Miss Ray,' he continued, turning to Lucy: for the girls iu rheir fright had come fluttering down to the floor of the gymnasium. 'It might have, been an acci dent and it wasn't: that's all. There is a Pro vidence in the fail of the sparrow, you know. I'm the sparrow this time, though I'm afraid I don't quite look the part. I'll just give those two Miss Male Mollys a nip of brandy and they will be all right. Kindly get to your perch, ladies, and we'll be with you in ten minutes. It's only a scratch, really. Miss BoydeU, and a small scratch at that. See, it has stopped bleeding already.' (To be continued.) 