China. N APPARITION. The following incident, whether regarded as of religious significance or not, cannot but be of psychical interest to readers interested in an article which appeared recently in the "Catholic Times" under the heading " Grooves' Ghost." A religious, by order of her superior, conveys to the director of the " Echo du I'urgatoire"' the substance of a letter written by Sister Guerlaiu, superior of the religious Community of Tcheng-tiug-fou, in China. The letter is dated 1st June, 1898\. The priest in question is one of the Lazarist missionaries of the same town. It appears that a short distance off, in a large Christian mission of Tang Kiou, there was a small boy of six with religious instincts preternnturally developed. Early one morning in February last; he said to his mother— " Niang (mother), look on the table. I see there a little girl, in white." White is the sign of deep mourning in China. The child continued—" Her hair is tied with white, she is on her knees, and her head is bent forward." The mother, trying to master her emotion, pretended' to scold the child, telling him that he was still half asleep or dreaming. He said again—" I see the little girl very plainly. Look, mother, look; she is sad, and has her eyes fixed on the cross." The father came and began to scold. " You arc beginning to tell us lies," he said ; " hold your tongue." " I do not lie," said the boy. " Look, Niang (mother)," he repeated ; " look well on that table. Do you not see her ? and he pointed with his finger to the T invisible apparition. He was asked whether the little girl he saw was big. " A little bigger than I am," he said. He added a ntoinent after—" She is 'as big^as my second brother." This second brother was twelve years old. "Now," he exclaimed, " I see her no more ! fehenas disappeared !" The same thing happened the following morning. i he mother then said to the child-' Take hold of the little girl and bring her to me." The boy sprang forward to seize what he saw, but just as he thought he was about to take hold of the apparition he cried out in disappointment- She is cone !" Turning towards his mother, he exclaimed— There she is behind you-on your bed. f< She is looking at you, and praying. She is smiiing at you mother ! Ah ! now she has gone again; I can no- longer see her 1 Th Sine thing happened at the same hour W seven consecutive days. On the seventh day the missionary in charge of the mission came. The parents of the little voyant went to him, telling him what had happened, and taking the boy with them. The priest, after a few questions, saw at. once that he had not to do with a little impostor. " Is •the littile girl that you saw surrounded by light he asked. " Yes. each time," wns the answer. She remains surrounded by light for some time ; (hen (lie light gets less and less, and at last completely disappears." " Is she sad ?" continued the priest. Oh yes : she appears to.be in sorrow ; but she is beautiful—beautiful as I have never seen anyone else, and as white as wax." The missionary, turning to the parents, said—" Have you never lost a child " Yes," said thV mother. " Nine years ago we lost a little girl of twelve years old. She died on th ,Feast of the Assumption." "Do you Vtill pray for her ?"' "We prayed for her for two years : t'hen we stopped praying, thinking that, she was in Heaven." " Begin again to pray, and with fervour,'' said the priest. " Your little girl is certainly in Purgatory, and asking you for prayers." A Mass was said for the dead child the following morning, and the little girl in white was seen no more.—" Catholic Times." 