THE LIGHT THAU CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among tho Himalaya Mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scoics of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world, knows nothing about. Lately a German Profeosoi- visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of lindiiig. out the secret of their remarkable peifornianc-es. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested hira allthesame. One day the Professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The p acc was dark as the bottom of a well. "1 can't see to r>jad here," said the visitor. "Then wc will have some light," was the reply, and immediate.lv (the Professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the <;ave. He could not tell itkene? it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality—it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed bv a man of vast* learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt, except that aii the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parali-il with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the taie of the Coc:k-lPiic ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical v.-;:en friends tell him of a medicine which thev believe will make hioi well. What else but doubt could result from his experience? Take an example:— "In the spring of i-SSS," writes our correspondent, "I lell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite portr, and after eating I had pain aud weight at the chest 1 was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a souv fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered with nervousness and great depression of spirits I kepi up v-ith my work, but had ahvays a sense of discomfort. Oft' and on 1 continued m this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving mo. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Svrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken onlv a few doses 1 found relief; mv food digested, and gradually all nervousness left lue. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine never having used it or seen-'it used, 'l now gladly admit its value and its power over disease Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Svnm I have been m the best of health and spirits. In the interest of suffering humanity I ueem it a duty to send vou o this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1S'J3." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffiths candid letter and the story a about the licrlit that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be venned without more trouble than it is worth On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will .-nswer letters of enquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mv-sMe or magical about Mother Seisiel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and hoiues where illness and pain had cast such a dark and terrifying shadow. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses- . 85,92,9vz m c t a a i 