THE DAY OF REST. THE MOUNT OF TRANSFIGU- RATION. By CHARLES GORE, M.A., Canon of Westminster. ""tic received from God tlie Father honour and glory, when there c-amo such a voice to Him from tlie excellent slorv. This is My beloved Son, in whom 1 am w-11 pleased; and this voice we ourselves heard come out of heaven, when we were with Him in the holy mount. And we have llie word of prophecy made more sure; whereunto ye do well thai ye take lieod, as unto a lamp shining in a dark place, until the day dawn, and the daystar arise in your hearts."—2 Peter i. 17-20. Tlie transfiguration of our Lord occupies a very important and marked place in the pages of our Gospel. And yet it does not, I think, occupy as distinct a place in the thoughts and feelings of ordinary Christians. There is, I think, no more interesting aspect of the Gospels than to consider them as the scene of the training or education of the Apostles. They were taken, raw men, enthusiastic- and loyal, but spiritually untrained, from the school of John the Baptist. They emerged at the other end of the Acts of the Apostles men of light and clearness, rock-men, every one on whom Christ could build His Church. And the interval is occupied by that most interesting subject of consideration—the training of different human i characters. And, A-n/i if ;f you ask —_ in In what respect did their training lie? you would, I suppose, answer at once, They were trained to believe tliat Jesus was the Christ. True. But yet the answer tells us but little part of the truth. For, in fact, from a certain point of view nothing was so easy to a faithful Jew as to believe in the coming of tlie Christ. They knew what the Jewish race was meant to be—it was the chosen people of God. The temple of the Lord's house was to be exalted on the top of the mountain, and all nations were to flow into it. It was the Christ who was to come to raise their race and temple unto this position of central exaltation. How shouid they not believe in it, for at present they were crushed under an external rule. We know what we should feel from, our point of view of our belief in the Anglo- Saxon race, if we found ourselves under foreign domination and no longer free. We can hardly even contemplate the horror of the situation. It would be in the strictest sense to us intolerable. And yet from another point of view the position of service under Roman rule was not less intolerable to the Jewish spirit. They expected a Messiah, but a Messiah to free them. They looked back still to a glory something like the frankly worthy glory of that kingdom of Solomon. They wanted a Christ to set them free; they wanted a Christ to make the Hebrew race what the Hebrew race ought to be—the centre of the world's religion, the object to be gazed at by all the world. And they found a Christ Who otfered Himself in marked alienation from all that naturally fed that Jewish pride—a Christ Who, if He had patriotism, bad the patriotism of a Jeremiah, a Christ Who uttered awful prophecies about the destruc tion of that very Temple which was to be the centre of the world, a Christ Who seemed to think it nothing to bear all manner of humiliation and shame, a Christ Who talked about that most hideous symbol of outrage, the Crws. That Was the particular education that was brought to bear upou them. It was to recognise the highest objects of their natural hopes in that which baffled at the same moment all their deepest instincts of their dearest pride; it was to recognise in-that same object and at the same time that which crushed and that which satisfied all their natural selves — a Christ crucified And the particular situation was this. Peter had confessed in the name of the Apostles thai. Jesus was the Christ. "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." It was a great confession, for it came just at that moment when it became apparent to them that their natural hopes for the acceptance of Jesus were doomed to disappointment. But when Jesus met that great confession with His supreme benediction, when He promised to Peter a place of power in the kingdom of heaven, in the Church of Christ, at once there rolled back upon his soul something of the old sense of woridy glory, so that when Jesus followed up that great promise by solemn and explicit warning of suffering, rejection, " /""as. too much for Peter. He would put aside that altogether inopportune foreboding. And Jesus at that moment of spiritual consolation, when He had received the witness of the Apostolic faith, feels that this rejection of pain is something like the renewal of the old tempta- ? t " e mountain of the wilderness, and He puts Peter aside from Him as another Satan. "Get thee behind Me, LJ^T A !l d ti 1^ in warnings unmistakable, lie tells the Apostles that the way of the cross, the way of humiliation and pain, is the only way in which either He can walk or any one can walk who would follow Him. He must take up His cross. And telling them that He yet would leave in their minds the associated impression of glory undiminished yet- rather intensified. It is not humiliation alone or glory alone, but glory _ and humiliation indiseolublv united. "Verily I say unto vou, there be some of you standing here who shall not taste of death till you shall see the Son of Man coming in His glory." And they knew what picture he referred to. That picture of faith was dear to the Jewish consciousness of our Lord's time—the picture of Him like the Son of Man who ivas born the Ancient of Days, in the cloud of glory with tlie holy angels, and clothed and invested with power and majesty and honour and a kingdom. And for six long davs they waited and wondered what- should 'it mean. What should it mean that they, upon whose heavy hearts were falling continually the warnings of coming shjune, and failure, and outrage, in their moKai flesh should behold this glorified Son of Man? What should it mean? The answer, for the moment at least, came on the Mount of Transfiguration. He took the Apostles up there to the top of some mountain. He passes the night there in prayer, and they feel, as on another occasion, heavy with sleep and lose the consciousness of Jesus their Master. And then they were awakened suddenly, as by the unexpected touch of some bright light, and they find Jesus there with them on the top of the mountain, not as thev had left Him, but irradiant with a cd^tial glory and form, in which they recognise Moses and Elijah—t-he representatives of the Law and tlie Prophets were there, accepting the glory of the Christ. _ It was a celestial, an astonishing, a miraculous scene, and yet not as the cheap imagination of Raphael has depicted it. Surely three human forms floating in the air would not have suggested to Peter that ycu should make booths or tents to keep them there. No, it was more on the natural level than any 6uch imagination would suggest. It was the human Jo«us; it was men whom they saw there only irradiant with a celestial glory, so that ever in this pleasant radiance. But there Peter could feel that here was indeed tihe first day of the real Messianic kingdom; here was a glory more celestial than Solomon's which henceforth was to invest the kingdom of the Christ. There it was. He would make booths that they might dwell here in this celestial glory and bask for came the cloud, bright, dark with excess of light, and the voice of more than human witness witnessing to the glory of that Son, "Thon art my beloved Son," and, delivering over to Him the authority to which all men should bow, "Hear Him." And then the glory passed, and they found themselves left in the light of common day. They did not learn the lessen speedily. Again, the warnings of coir,ing disaster fell upon their hopes, unheeded cr resented. The Cross came, and they failed shamefully, but tlie Resurrection came, and their "feet were planted on the Rock. They did not learn the lesison speeaiiy. Only as they looked back later in their lives upon the experience of that long education, then, at last, they perceived what it was that they had to learn. It; is, as St. Peter expresses it in his first Epistle, tliat the spirit of glory and of God rests upon that only which can accept suffering joyfully in the name of Christ. It is the union of glory and of shame; it is, as it is expressed in this second epistle, that the word of prophecv had been made more sure to them by the vision of the glory, so that when they thought of those glorious visions of the Oid Testament, and wondered about their realization, they knew what it was that assured their hearts, because in the face of Jesus, on His way to pain, they had witnessed the glory of the Divine radiance and heard the acceptance of the Divine voice. Brethren, there lies in that a plain lesson for us, a lesson which every one of us ueeds to take to heart, because for us the difficulty lies in realizing the combination of the glory and the 6hame. There is a religion of respectable orthodoxy which realizes neither, which mounts neither the height of the Transfiguration nor tlie height of Cavalry, but walks for ever on the level ground between the two. There is a respectable orthodoxy which comes to Church on Sunday, which expects nothing so very much of religion, which does not even ask for the radiation of a celestial glory, and, on the other hand, does not feel itself called to any accepting of humiliation or shame. But that is not the religion of the New Testament. The religion of the New Testament is the religion that combines both, and that is difficult, difficult to our hearts and imagination as it was to tbe Apostles. We know what Christianity is meant to be. We realize what it would be to believe in heart that Jesus was the Lord; we realize the glory that has come into this common life of ours, if, indeed, we believe what Christianity teaches us about the Father who is in heaven, about the glory of the Son of Man, about the iiidwefiTftg of the Spirit, about the Kingdom of God, about the hidden virtue which runs and circulates in the veins of the Catholic Church. A glorious picture! And wo go out! into our common life and contrast it with the vulgarity, with the dulness, with the blank itmonnjr of spiritual iluirus, with the vuigar domination of wealth and commercial success and reckless pleasure—the contrast between the glory that is claimed and the continual appearance of blank failure, of cold indifference, of miserable weakness on the part of those who profess the name of Jc-sus in His filory. It is the contrast between the claim of glory and the appearance of weakness that sets the strain uport our lie.-)its and iuti- lleots. Can if. be all true? C;:n it be true tliat behind the appearance of what looks so commonplace, so worldly, so sense-bound, so humiliating, so trivial, there is realiy stil! tlie glory of the Incarnate and tlie power of the- Holy Ghost, and the giowing and the blossoming oi the kingdom of God:- Brethren, we are meant to mount, both the mountain of the Transfiguration and b the mountain of Calvary; we are meant to have sometliing of the taste of the glory, as well as a great deal of tbe readiness lor g shame, and w;li'eriiig, and failure—something of the taste of tlie glory. There is S t . meant to be surely in the lives of almost o ll Christians some experience of the Mount e of Transfiguration. What does it mean? Surely it is obviouE enough! Those who really go up into the solitude of prayer with God, those who take pains about communion with Him, those who in a real consciousness of their own helplessness throw themselves in the prayer of faith upon the power of Jesus, asking those things moet certainly wliich He most certainly intcuds to give; those, in a word, who try and practice to pray in Christ's name may ex-' pect, ought to expect, from time to time the real sense of prayer heard, the real sense of communion with God in the body and suffering of His Son—that real and ecstatic sense of fellowship with God in which for a time all doubtj and hesitation is swept away, and; for a moment, we know what it is to pass into something like sight of the gloiy of God revealed in our inner hearts. Or it may be that we are required to suffer. Moet men are asked from time to time to confess the name V>f Christ under difficult circumstances. If we do it, if we suffer for tlie name of Christ, then we may expect what St. Peter speaks of—the sense of the spirit of glory and of God resting cn us. something which transfigures, which for the time makes us feel the fellowship with the blessed dead and the glory of the communion of saints, and the sense that there rests on life, because we suffer for the name of Christ, that which only glory can express or intimate. Or, it niay be, that we are near the sick bed of some one who suffers patiently, or dies joyfully in the name of Christ; and there passes into our life the sense, the transfiguring and indisputable sense, of a glory beyond death, of a victory beyond death which, belongs to this mortal life of ours, and We feel through all our earthly dress ftrixht shoots of everlastixigncss. Or it may be that we are taking a quiet walk amid the beauties of Nature on our holiday, and as we meditate in the spirit of God this visible world is transfigured before us, and we feel ft to be what in fact it is. the mirror and the veil of tbe glory of God, and we say, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of Hosts, for the whole earth is full of His glory." One way or another, according to the delays or bastings of tlie Spirit and providence of God, we may expect, we ordinary Christians, to have our moments on the Mount of Transfiguration, when the Son of Man is radianit to our hearts also with the glory of God, and doubt and hesitation is far off. And if we have it not it may be the special trial which God lays upon us, but it may be, aye, much more probably, because we never really go up into the Mount of Contemplation, because we never really take pains about our prayers, because we never really pray in the name of Christ, with contempt of our own weakness and trust in the power of God, because we really do not suffer anything for the name of Christ, because do not go there where we are most likely to see and to appreciate the spirit of the saints in suffering and in triumph. Depend upon it, all of us would have our day oil the Mountain of Transfiguration if we were at pains to be with Jesus on the Mount of Prayer. And then it is to combine with that the vision and expectation of suffering. It i6 not an occasion for self-indulgence—as to many people with a natural love of ritual and worship the emotion of religion may become—a form of self-indulgence which leads to nothing but a useless ecstasy and and an idle dreaming. Nay, it is to take us down into the plain where the paralytic is, it is to take us down to the plain- of suffering and hard work, into the valley of the shadow of humiliation and of the Cross. It is so easy to appreciate gloiy; it is so easy to be depressed by suffering; it is so easy to be worldly, and to forget both in the days that are smooth with us. The task which the Transfiguration lays upon us is to combine both. It is to realize the glory of Jesus, to expect all, and more than all, that glory would suggest, and then steadily to press i'orward on the path of deliberate self-denial and following of the name of Christ, that for us, too, the spirit of glory and of Gcd may rest upon us then mostly when we are suffering something for the name of-Christ. 