Notes on Events. The events of the past few weeks must suggest to outsiders who read the telegraphed accounts in tbeir newspapers a condition of things and a state of life more resembling that related by Bret Harte and Mark Twain and their inimitable stories of pioneering in the early days of California than tbe civilization of the end of the oentury. Scarcely had the season of peace and good' will to men on earth commenced than a section of the community appeared to be seized by a desire to pat up a record in criminality. Early in the evening in full view of passers by and in the broad glare of the electric light a man WBB shot and seriously though not fatally wounded. A few nightslater a policeman was shot at in the main street of the city and an attempt was made the same evening to make a ghost of a citizen. Within a day or two a publican detecting a man in tbe act of looting his till, was straightened out and seriously injured by oolllsion with a bottle thrown with practised aim by a companion of the sneak thief. Later an Afghan was murdered in hlB camp, and an attempt was -made to garrot a olti zen in the vicinity of the Grand Hotel. Passing from the list of attempted murders and tragedy, and coming down to milder criminality, the records show considerble thieving, attempted burglary, liberal sly grog selling, numerous convictions for this latter offence, and a considerable benefiting of the revenue as a consequence of fines imposed and profits arising from the sales of conficated liquors, The present week presented amongst its list of offences, a very serious charge against two well-known oitizens, indicted for conspiracy to defraud an individual by destroying a valuable document conveying to him a certain property. This was perhaps the strangest case ever brought into tbe police court. On tbe first day of hearing the accused were generally regarded as knowing more of the matter than their counsel seemed prepared to admit they did and betting was freely indulged in as to the consequences of the hearing. And tbe odds were rather against an acquittal than in favor of a conviction. The parties themselves were however confident and on the second day their confidence was proved to be fully justified by the non-appearance of the prosecutor and their triumphant acquittal. This case presents some strange features. Conspiracy is a crime second only in its direful effects to murder. Men who would conspire for one purpose would not hesitate to conspire for any other and neither the lives, reputations, nor property of citizens would be safe. Out of conspiracy have arisen convictions of men afterwards proved to be innocent of grave crimes for which they have spent years in gaol and passed in despaii ing bitterness the brightest years of their lives. The law regards this as one of the most serious crimes in the calendar aud in this colony at least provides the minimum penalty of five yearB' imprisonment. The making of a charge ot conspiracy is as grave an offence as the crime itself, for the man who would, without sufficient warrant, bring such an accusation against reputable men would probably not hesitate at tbe commission of a capital offence. By bis absence from the court on the day of trial the plaintiff Harford admitted that the charge be had made against Messrs Lipman, Vincent, and Scott was absolutely groundless, and he had no foundation whatever for the charge which he had made. The accused were put to all the expense and annoyance, and at least temporary loss of prestige consequent on the defence of a charge of which they were innocent, This follows as a matter of course, The absence of the accuser plainly indicated that his accusation was unfounded and tbe charge had been brought for purrases which will suggest themselves to the {east guileful of tbe community. It may with reason be asked whether a man, making such a charge and at the last moment practically withdrawing it and admitting by his non-appearance that it was baseless, cannot be reached by the long arm of the law, and made to suffer punishment equal to the enormity ol his offence. Such a man is a deadly menace to the safety of the citizens. He employs his brains, or what does duty for brains, in scheming bow he may best defraud his fellows. In his wicked mind at length a plan by whioh he may blackmail men of repute, develops. He works out the detail of the scheme and with the links in his chain of false evidence completed, presents himself to the parties and demands the price of his silence. Surely, such a man has no place in a law-abiding and, at least, tolerably honest oommunlty, and there should be, if there is not, a provision in the law by which he may be reached, and made to suffer a a just punishment for his misdoing. With this charge, the New Year list of crimes and malefactions ends. As we have said before, friends in the East and the Older World reading doubtless exaggerated reports, of the occurrences in their sequence will regard our city as a veritable Aisstia, and the home of a happily assorted crowd of toughs and desperadoes of the very hardest kind, which will be an utter mistake. Except on occasions when what appears to be an epidemic of crime develops, and a heat wave of immorality passes over the community, leaving UB, its consequence, a list of offences of the gravest kind, we are an essentially law-abiding, truth loving, cleanly living, and fairly decent population. The mining expert no longer booms wild cats to the spoiling of the people outside our coast line. He, who formerly dressed in purple and fine linen and fed himself on the fat of the land, with champagne as bis mornini? beverage, champagne at his midday meal, champagne with his dinner, and champagne as his sweet solace and comfort at bedtime, now prowls about the streets of the city in a costume composed largely of patches; eats where he can, and what he can get, and is thankful to the ^fods if once a day he receives an invitation to breast the bar and moisten his arid throat with the contents of an ordinary pewter. The share sharp is very much less in evidence than he was a year ago. He, too, is less assertive than he was in those golden days. Eis occupation {B largely gone, and it is not too much to say, in very many cases, the departure of the Broker and Share Shover has been a distinct gain to the community, and oaloulatod to elevate its moral tone considerably. Tbe strange woman and the stranger man who fattens upon her are also less in evidence than of yore. The morals of the community are probably mora lax than in the older settlements of the East. Profanity interlards the speech of every citizen, with the exception, perhaps, of the clergy, and there is more profane and vigorous eloquence in the emphatic "Oh Dear" of the Shepherd than in the "Oh Damn " of one of the unregenerate of his flock; bnt, with few exceptions, the com- munity is reputable and tbe people, manly, womanly and sympathetic with each other. Here, at least, no man need starve. None sick or distressed need fear for lack of assistance. No actual want exists and the 1 employed" as an institution has yet to establish himself on the field. We are not without our nuisance. We have the heat aud dust, and miseries of this veritable City of the Plains, whose territory 1B as much in the air as it is on earth four days a week. This in itself IB calculated to provoke profanity if nothing worse. It drives men to drink and women to wrath and causes muoh of the cursing and lamentation which otherwise would be absent; added to this, it is on days when even the righteous man doubts if Hell is as far away as London, that the iceworks break down and none of tbe cooling medium is obtainable for love or money. Everything drinkable is warm; everything eatable is gritty; everything smokable is dry, and the citizen alone is moist, Tbe clothes cling to him in a soak of perspiration. The sand, a fine impalpable powder, finds its way through or beneath his garments and leaves him a perambulating mud-heap until tbe cool shades ot night change the mud on bis skin to dust again, and he shakes it off with the discarding of bis apparel. Another nuisance, and oue which should be suppressed by Actof Parliament or bylaw of the Muni' cipal Council, is the bicycling fiend, who whizzes round street corners at an unknown number of miles an hour, and whose chief delight seems to he to ride so closely to pedestrians that the handle-bars of bis machine just graze his clothing. These "soorchers," as they are termed, provoke nervous and excitable men and women into the committal of serious offences, since the desire tooommlt a crime is. we are informed on good authority, equivalent to its commission. The wish that these flying men on wheels were to fall of or to run into a cart, or bn flattened out by falling telegraph post, or otherwise injured, and permanently damaged, Is ex. pressed at least a score of times a day in this town alone. If they have bells, they do not ring them, in fact their delight appears to be to steal softly upon the unwary pedestrian, and scare him or her ont of his senses, and the man on the road haB no remedy. By the time he has decided upon what he would like to hive done, the nuisance 1B speeding away like a telegram in the distanoe, and with his head bowed down, over the handles of the machine, is rapidly gaining on another victim. Doubtless wnen a city councillor or a polioeman is struck amidships by the wheel of a scorcher, who has miscalculated bis distance, an Act will be introduced compelling cyclists to carry a bell by day and a lamp by night, the former to be rung by way of warning to citizens who are content to move on the two legs which God has given them, and still re. gaid life as sufficiently long to enable them to get through what they have to do a walking pace. Judging by the speed at which business is transacted in Coolgardie aome of our people will have to carry a lot of their work into the ledger of eternity, for life will be altogether too short to permit of their performing tbeir allotted task. And it is quite on tbe cards that tbe day is approaching when in our hurry and bustle wc may put up a record equal to that lately established by an Ameri' can who was seen rushing down the street, cutting his throat with a razor as he ran. He had not time even to sit down to commit sui cide. 