Anniversary Services NORTH MELBOURNE WESLEYAN. The 39th anniversary of the North Melbourne Wesleyan Church was observed last Sunday. The church was ornamented by a few simple decorations of ferns and green foliage, the preacher's platform look ing very pretty, the few plants and flowers on it having been placed with very happy results from an artistic point of view. Rev. A. R. Edgar presided at the morning service, at which there was a fairly large congregation, and took for his text the 16th chapter of John and 7th verse, Christ was speaking of His approaching end and departure from them, and wished to comfort His dis ciples by the assurance that the Holy Ghost was to come in His stead. It was expedient that He should go as He knew it they were baptised by the Holy Ghost they would be stronger. It was strange that though we in these days never forgot those holidays such as Christmas Day and other days, yet we never thought what this coming of the Comforter meant to Christianity. The road He took on leaving his followers was the one the Comforter was to return to them by. It was beautiful to see how Christ contained Himself in the coming storm ; He was most anxious for those about Him. He displays a wonderful soli citude for His disciples. The original word for Comforter was " paraclete," meaning monitor, friend, intercessor, teacher, and it was in the form of friend and intercessor that Christ had used the word to His followers. In ancient Rome and Greece a prisoner had the privilege of calling a man of standing, of known probity of character, to stand by him, not a lawyer or legal practitioner who received fees, but a good man of note, who would comfort him in his trying position ; and, though he had nothing to say against the law as administered in this land, he could not help think ing that it was a practice that could well be adopted here. Many in that congregation would no doubt have been through the trying ordeal of the witness box giving evidence, and could call to mind the distracting and positively painful experience as they felt the concentrated gaze of all the court occupants ; and how welcome would have been a sympathetic friend by their side to comfort them in their distressing time ; and if so in their case, when the discomfort of the situation was its only drawback, how much more was the same assistance and sympathy needed by the man itn the felon's dock. Whether gutilty or not, it must always be remembered that he was still a man, and human nature never got so law that some [ ] not be found in it, and it was a helpful and redeeming knowledge to even a bad man to have a good man standing by his side to suggest and keep his thoughts and utterances concentrated on his de fence. This might seem strange to defend and succour a bad man or woman. but what about our own feelings in the witness box. Is it not a fact that after being released from the inquisi torial legal examination the most charitable verdict we can pass is, "I've made a perfect fool of myself ?" Should they not, therefore, extend some sympathy to the human being who was being tried ? Christ had drawn from the court procedure an illustration with which his disciples were no doubt quite familiar, and they could thoroughly appreciate the lesson that he sought to convey. The "parakleet" made a profound impression in the court, and his utterances had great weight. Our "paraclete" also makes intercession for us with tears and promises, plead ing our cause before the throne of God without cearing. A PLEASANT SUNDAY AFTER NOON. At three o'clock a good meeting was held in the church in the form of "A Pleasant Sunday Afternoon." Proceedings opened with religious exercises. Mr. Presley occupied the chair, and after a short protest against the popular idea that melancholy and religion were synonamous terms, introduced the ladies and gentlemen who were to take part in the after noon's programme, and called on Mr. Armes Beaumont to give the first item. an aria from Elijah, "If With All Your Hearts," after which the choir sang an anthem, "Behold the Days Come" (Woodward), of which Miss A. Ruddock took the solo part. Miss Ruddock then sang "The Gift." An address by Rev. A. McCallum occupied the major portion of the remainder of the programme. His subject was "Turning the World Right Side Up." He said the world has been for a long time upside down. Great discontent prevailed at the present day. There were two schools of thought in strong opposition - Individualism and Collectivism - one asserting the rights of individuals and the other championing the rights of the community. The fault all lay in the human heart. People declaimed against the greed of man, but if each looked to the advancemnent and gain of his brother man rather than to the gain of gold, modern society would soon be revolutionised. A better state of thIings, however, was obtain ing, but care had to be taken lest an over anxiety to improve should result in real progress being hampered. The French Revolution was an out ward sign of the intense desire of the people to right things, but the move ment was too violent, and the selfish ness of men each trying to get as much as possible for themselves undid nearly all the good that might have resulted. It may be slow work watch ing each wave of reform, but the tide would surely come in and the social world be turned right side up. He exhorted a spirit of brotherly love wi hout regard to the bulkiness of their pockets. That would not trouble them in a few years time when, if all had done their part, they would look down and see the world right side up. It would be a beautiful sight. Mr Armes Beaumont gave as a sec ond item, "The star of Bethlehem," and then Mr. Presley announced, that owing to an unfortunate coincidence, Miss Mattingley would not be able to contribute a song as had been prom ised, as she had only brought one with her, and that was the same as the one Miss Ruddock had sung. Mr. PresIey remarked that the audience would no doubt be delighted to hear her sing, but she felt a delicacy about doing so, and he supposed they must submit. He however would risk trespassing on Mr. Beaumont's good nature, and ask him to oblige with another song. Mr. Beaumont consented to do so, on the understanding that he was acting on Miss Mattingley's behalf, and sang " The Light of the World" The meeting closed with the singing of the Doxology. EVENING. The evening service was taken by Rev. Dr. Rentoul, who gave a splendid address from the 18th verse of 13th chapter of Kings. The time was one of revolution and disaster to the nation of Israel, and, like many more in the world's history, was one against the priesthood. It had been formented by Elijah, and Elisha had carried on his work after he had gone, and now his time had come to die. Elisha had been the hope of the nation, and now as his death drew near, the young king Joash came to him in his grief and despair, and the union of the strength and en thusiasm of youth with the wise experi ence of old age, was an inspiring scene. The old prophet, alter telling Joash to shoot an arrow and strike the earth, re buked him for not showing more faith, and foretold only partial success as the result, as his want of faith. The same lack of confidence was often witnessed in church work, and it needed the stimulation of a higher power to bring our weak, wavering efforts to a successful issue. There was too much fear of what other people were doing and what they might think. He was asked one day, "Are not all scientists against Christianity?" and he was so annoyed at the silly help lessness of the question that he had impatiently answered " I don't care a dump whether they are or not." The fact really is that scientists, as a whole, are for Chistianity. There certainly are a few noisy ones on the other side, but all their noise and talk will not alter facts. Some people count num bers, but numbers matter little if the heart is true. Lord Wolesley had said, "Give me 20,000 British gentle men of one mind and heart, and I will [ ] of Europe to the other." Neither numbers or money count for much if the will and spirt are wanting. Money was good enough in its place. He liked to have some in the church and even in his pocket when he could get it. He was reminded of the advice of the veteran to the young cricketer," Never mind the papers or the pavilion critics; watch the game. Runs are made at the wicket not at the newspaper offices, or in the pavilion." Difficulties had to be overcome. Then, too, each one's work influenced others. A prominent author of the day dwed large portion of his success to his mother's influence, and this Scotch peasant woman was wielding an influ ence over thousands through her son's books. He referred to J. M. Barrie Had Wesley, Whitfield and Knox coun ted difficulties in the way, we would not enjoy present privileges in these days No young man ever learned Latin or drained a swamp or married the woman he loved--a difficult thing--or mastered his own passions--and this last was a greater achievement--if he stopped to count the difficulties. It was influence that kept young men straight, or sent them down to perdi tion. If they wanted to help the world, they must use the magnetism of their influence for good. He concluded by urging his hearers to be genuine and live a good life. They could do it quietly without brag ging, arid their life would have results they had no conception of. Christ, through his sacrifice of blood, was to day influencing countless thousands in every clime. INIFE AND FORK TEA. This was the form of entertaihment provided on Tuesday evening follow ming, as a termination to the celebra tions; and it was well patronised, close on two hundred and fifty people sitting dawn to a splendid repast. At the conclusion of the tea, the company adjourned to the church,where a public meeting was held. Mr. Jamison, after being introduced by Mrs Presley as the first treasurer of the North Melbourne Church, sbone 40 years ago, took the chair and gave a short chairman's address, redolent of memories of the "good old times.' Anniversaries he thought, were stopp ing places to look back'on the past and count up the progress made, or the re verses suffered. He gathered that the year had been a fairly successful one with the North Melbourne Church, ane congratulated the members on it He called on Mr. WV. H. Fuller to pre sent the balance sheet. Mr Fuller said that the year, finan cially showed a deficit of about £70, of which £5o was due to exceptional causes, such as the floating of a new loan, and alteration to gas fi'tings, which would not occur again for moany years. This left an ab o ute difficiency of revenue of about £20, and they had had the same exper ence for some years, and it would have to be remedi ed. The trustees had reduced expenses to the lowest point, and the work being carried on was too good to permit of the church being shut up, so there was neothing for it but that the members must niake'a further effort to square the ledger, and if they had the welfare of the church at heart they could not do ptherwise, and he hoped they would enablebinuto makeabetterstatement of accounts next year. The receipts for the year had been. £176 3s 5d, and ex petises were £248 8S leaving a debit balance ocr £72 4s 7d. The anniversary last year e dised £70 odd. This year so far does not bid fair to reach this amount, though it is hoped when the re turns come in it will not be far behind. After the financial statement, Mr. Manks sang" A Dream of Brthlehem" which was followed by a short address by Mr. Presley. The year,. he said, had been one of progress. Figures in church work were not of much value but they were good to a certain extent. No ministers like to see empty pews. He had heard of one person who had left the church because the pew usually occupied by them was filled up on two or three occasions, and though he was sorry they had taken this extreme step, he hoped the time would come-when the preacher would be crowded out of the pulpit. The church roll showed an increase of.:55 : members, but .dth; ---4,- --cuucec to a ,e-t gain of 32 by\the loss of 23 through death, and removals to other districts. The class meetings had grown in number and interest, and his own, of which he could speak best, had now reached 37 on the roll, from a commencement of two. The church needed loyalty among the members; they should talk it up, and fill it up so that each year they .cpuId hage a better report. Miss Ruddock gave the next item on the programme,. which was a. song entitled "The Beautiful Promise" whirch gave such pleasure that she had to supplement it with "Tatteirs." Mr. Crisp delivered a shortaddress and referred to the stiirring times-ek perienced 43 years ago, when men like John E$ggleston, W.L Binks, W.B. Wells and others, had waged valiantly against the enemy. But most ot the ministers of that day had crossed: the flood. He thought the people wanted more sympathy. Good preaching wss not sufficient. The old moral law was not enough. They needed a revival of the apostolic christianity. Physicaland social christianity were as necessary as mor;al and spiritual. Christians are the salt of the earth, and they must make their influence felt. Mr. Jones sang a solo "Jerusalems " after which the choir' sang " As pants the Hart." Taken altogether, the - anniversary was a most successful one. The at tendance on Sunday evening was quite a record one; the singingwas superb, and quite a contrast to the droning that so often passes-for churclk singing. Mr. Prout keeps his charges well up to the mark, and is ably seconded by the organist, Mr. A. Danger-field. In the anthems Misses KdtiDdock and BlakLe and Messrs. W. Buckley and WV. Warren sang the solo parts splendidly both at the Sunday services and the meeting on Tuesday evening. The evening concluded with a comn prehensive vote of thanks, moved Mr. Amos Fenton, to the preachers on Sunday and the speakers at that meet ing, Miss Mattingley, Miss Ruddock, Mr. Armes Beaumoat, the choir con ductcr, Mr. P'rout, and the members of the choir; the organist, Mr. A. Dangerfield, those who decorated the church, and the ladies who provided the tea. The vote of thanks was sec onded by Mr. Hill and carried by acclamation. 