Wodonga & Towong Sentinel. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 18, 1898. Tat Federal Con,vention is coming at last to vital points in the issue ,of Federation. The skirmishing over the river questio,, smartly as was the combat conducted between thile South Australian and New South Wales delegates,, was .but the Quatre Bras of. the campaign. Finance will yield the.Waterloo which will deter. mine whether' the spirit oifunlotl or that of provincialismn will prevail. The ehorus of ;usanimity "with which the scheme drafted by the' Finance O,,mmittae was originally received is not likely to be msintained under the more searching criticism which" is bellg applied in do. tailed c,,nsidlerittisln. 'At the eoutset It quertted as if agreement were to be at* mtalied by a process of exhaustion. So isany yproposals had. been made, all of which were fund liable to fetal ohjection, that the plan ftually ?evolved by the State Treasurers in consultation was accepted, not with enthusiaitm, but with a resigned equanimlity that tinso ma.re equitable ar. rangeeit could be Ipresented., In Ide. spair of arriving at a more practicable soluioun'of the dlifitully, it is proposed to revert to the li: systlem of maintaiuing fosr a term of years all ihntriaste system of 'interchtulinl bookk,;epilg. The customs dutiesh btwees tlis lo islnies are to' be ehslishedl wit h iis thiption of a usniform tenif..hu 't.l it t vnsittilue system if? entries will` Is tseltstins ised. fosr a time ntitil a ba'sis of fact is neoiiuulated sin which a fair divisain -f Ithe surplus revenoue can ie misde. Custnis and eelcse revenue will be handed, over ts, the ,Federal Ex. e?dutive for theol purplose of prvidinig Federal expenditure;? No State can afford to make -this sacrif8oe withsout hopel if return, for to do. ss would, be to dis. organise the national finances in each provinee. The prble?n to be solved ia to distribute, the sur;lu?'in such a way that each State shall receive back the amount it cnribstes, leose its prisportimta share of Federal coast But the difficulty in the absence i nactual expernent is to discover easy safe plnt of distribution. -No onte cas foretell thea exact results of a unifsirti tariff or any ;ho!w .it .will operate as between one cltloy sand aiiother. The schsone aF theo Treasurersa is 'nlt remark. able fr boldliess or aittiilicity, but, in the fervent hope that there will always be a surplus to divile ;it is irposed to keep for a term of yeuars aelarate accounts in order to slipply a:fsoulidatiosi on which an equitable arrangiement of distribution .can. ;. be=:ultimately evolved. Under ithe sliding scheme recommended fur adoptioi it is priop?aed that during IhSofirat live years after the, uuifurm tariff hais cstome ito operation, bookkeeping entries : hall recosrd the' duties supposed to have been collected in' each State. This creditt will be given tit the State in which such goods have been contsumed, soa that, it Victoria imports articles up(;n which duty is inposed under the usniform t triif a;id tranships thien to West Australias, wh're they arecsonsumed, it is the western colony which will receive the credit. But where a msore serious diflitulty will arise is in thecasesef articles of coshnial production. Suppose a duty ht be impolsssed upon catldle. The coloiies importing froin; abroad willlie 'credited with the duty, but in .s, far as they ac. cept the article locally' produced they will receive nsthiig 'The ilitusiratlon applies throughiost i)s culsitni nituufanotures. In the case of astuer, uolesa 'aii excise duty Ibe I ttiised, t ili'su therit'colaoiie? receiv ine asupp'ies faist Qesenalnnd altd 'New South Wales will sctttastall their revenuo from this source. It is ereaty?, tbe feared that the intrduItionse of intercolenial free trade will h tavv'i ts he put oiff for enste years. At a meetin'g of the Wodonga Wine tandi Froitgroyverr Association,? on Friday. avettnitt, ;Mr E. Dibley, the president. of- the ,association; was alp. Ipoiteld to represeint tlie asociation at the sinnuitl .nottting' -'thei Victorian Fruitgrowers' Assotiiation, to be held in Melbourne in March. Some aplen. did saiamples of fruit were • brought in bsy Mrt M; Peasley, ,of, Wodonga Flat, the peaches- being 'exceptionally' fite ones, while 'the plunts and apples were very good. Ani effort is being made by Mr W. M'Farltane; jun.t, and other young men to resuscitate thb Wodongad Rile Club, wlhich: was allow ed to ' yield up the ghost" a conpleof. years ago. :I order to ascertain what~nieasure of support is likely to be accorded to the club, Mr M~'Frlaine hbts convened n.mneeting for Monlnday evening, at _8 o'clock, in the Shire Hall.. :? '-Thea foundation. stone of a new Ron?an Catholic Church~ St. Michael's \--was liaid 'in Sttday at Tallangatta by,_the. Rev. Dr -Revilli;Conadjutor Bishop'of Sandtlhrst. The architects are Clegg, Kell, and Miller, of Mary: borough and BIllarat, and thle con tractor is Mr R. Stockdaleof Mel. bourne. The sumof £52 towards the cost of erection was subscribed on the spot, and placed on: the stone, in ad dition to over £500 raised about 12 years ago. -John Fredericks, a well-known resi dent of Towong, has been charged before the Corryong Bench with assaulting John Thomas Crawford, a workman in the employ of Mr J. Findlay, and also with rescuing sheep which were on their way to a pound. Fredericks, according to the evidence, applied a stick rather vigorously to Crawford, knocking him noff his horse with the weapon. Fredericks was fined £10 with £10 10s costs, in de fault a month's imprisonment, for the assault, and he was fined £5 without costs, for rescuing the sheep. Two months' time was allowed defendant to pay the fine. Mr Conant appeared for the complainant and Mr Ollard for the defendant. The annual meeting of the Bethanga hranch (No. 23) of the Amalgamated Miners' Association of Victoria was held in Cole's Hall on the 6th inst., when there was a fair attendance of members. The secretary, in presenting the balance-sheet for the year ending 31st December, 1897, showed the branch to Ie in a far more prosperous condition than it has been for a number of years past, the membership roll in creasing from thirty.three to as high as eighty, while the financial position indicated a credit balance in the bank at the end of the year of £102 4s 2d. The branch distributed in accident pay to members £24 6s 10d for the year. A notice of motion was laid before the meeting for granting £5 to the Albury Hospital as a donation from the funds of the branch. The secretary (Mr M. Fathey) was appointed as a delegate to represent the branch at the annual conference of the A.M.A of Victoria, to be held at Stawell onil the 22nd inst. The retiring vice-president (Mr J. Trewella) was elected president, the other officers being re-elected for the ensuing half-year. - A well-sinker named Thomns Jack son, who had just finished a shtft over. 40ft deep on Mahonga station, head gone downi for - the -last time when -a fall of earth from close to the surface took place, and completely covered hint; His mates partially dug him out, but finding him quite dead, and as there was, inmminent- danger - of more earth falling in, they rode to the station for help. Whilst away, a.,further fall took' place, and 'when'"the 'station manager arrived with: assistance ,the body was completely covered. -TIe efforts to get it out were continued all the afternoon and night, aind in the early ?ioriing were successful.: ' Before MrWardane Rowan stY'ae kandadandah on Monday, Alextander Hedley, manager of Mr J. A. Wal lace's Kinchiugton Creek rclatim, ap. plied to the warden to assess certain land ownedl hy Patrick Garvey, . on which it was desired by the company to construct a dam. Defendant was willing to sell, but iasked a price con sidered excessive by Hedley and his valuer. The;application to'asses was 'under- section X77 of the Amended Mines Act. Mr Fred; Brown, M.L.O., appeared for applicant, and Mr Mackay for .the landholder. Tihe latter took objection that under section 77 no power was given to enter land as done by the- applicant. -Mr Brown recog. nised the difficulties 'surroundiig-tlhe oljection, and observed that it was the intention of- the -Legislature - to allow all facilities for mining. , He therefore asked the warden to state a case for the Supreme Couirt as to whether the wardenl had power -to- assess the pur. chase money: for', holders of miners' rights without intention of mining on the particular lands required, but to be held as a -mining easement. He con sidered the case, an :iniportant one, as 'it would affect mining interests all over the colony, and if the machinery of the Act was defective he felt some steps.should be taken to remedy it. Mr Rowan agreed to state a case, and adjourned the: further hearing for a month;t' - - lit tihe Albury Police Court on Tueis day, an Albury-Wodouga . cahbmin (James Flower), pleaded- uilty -to'a charge of driving ata rapid rate round the Globe hotel 'corner. TIle inspector said that as Flower .was .going, for Judge Wade, and thought that there was nsted for tlurrylhe would not ask for afin-e.: The defendant was let-off on paying the costs. --- - A : i An amusing instance of ";border har liarsim "is related hy Councillor Gideon Nicol, a metmber of the Warrtaul,ool Shire Council. Last week he was tra:elling by rail from Sydney to Mel bourne.and several chbildreti occupied the sane compartment. ': At Allbury the youngsters purchased some grapes, and these attracted thet attention of the Cusitoms officer, who at once cave orders in these words:—" You must either eat those grapes or throw them out of the window, for you must not tako.tlhelm across the border.". Need less to say thit tlhe fruit was at once disposed of by the cllildren..-:- Tihe claims of Albury as a site for the- Federal Capital:have :won some attention,, for, brlcketing our borlder town .withl- Wentwvorthl, the leading oregan of Tasmania sys:--_' All the pests of the plain t abound at Albury antd -Wentwtrtlih,"suichI as hunged eyes, Barcoo (the result-of hteat), ants, snakes, and -centipedes, whilst the stifling nights o're made melodious by. thle huimming:ig 'nomquittes. TelO only personswhbo can, hattle ,through with anyicomtfort are the whalers camped on thle river flats, with a tent-fly for a house, nd subsisting clhiefly'on Murray The A.N.A; Fete CGotutittee have received a wire' fromt thei;r a ent at Brightstating that hlie sold the win nitg ticket whilch wins first price itt the Fo;indation Day Art Ution to a Mrs M'Plhee, of -Wandiligong The value of the prize is £1000. -' Councillors Smith. Leighton, and Bassett attended at the shire office oil Wednesday as a conmmittee to open and deal with tenders for 400 yards of metal for the Alhury road. Three tenders were received as follows:-John Saunders, £141 10s; Edmund Bourke, £139 3s 4d; P. H. Heckendorf, £149 3s 6d. The commuittee decided to recommend the acceptance of the lowest tender-that of Edmund Bourke. A special meeting of the committee of the Alburv Mechanics' Institute was held on Tuesday night for the pur pose of considering a proposed clhange in regard to the offices of secretary and librarian. Since Air Jas. Drummond was appointed caretaker and Miss Drumimond librarian, it has been the custom for one of the members of the committee to act as honorary secre tury. For a time Mr HI. Hawkins filled the position, and then Mr E. A. Heath, Ioth of whom retired some time since from, the committee. Since Mr Heath resigned the duties have been carried oil Iy Mr Tuompson, but some members of the committee, we are in formed, have lately thought that the offices of caretaker, billiard-marker, sec retary and librarian should be com hined. This.proposal was brought lup it the meeting oil Tuesday night, and after some discussion (says the Al. bury " Daily News ") it was decided to adopt the Pooh Bah principle and com hine the offices of secretary, librarian, fe. Three mlembers of the committee, it is understood, were in favor of Mr Drummond's services Ibeing retained as at present, but as tile majority seemed to he of the opinion that a younger tman was required, the caretaker and Miss Drummond (tile librarian) at once wrote out and tendered their resigna tions. These were accepted, and Mr and Miss Drummond witl retire in three months from date. In the meantime the committee will invite applications from persons willing to fill the dual position of secretary and librarian. AMr Thomas A. Nevin, of Sandy Creek, has been returned without op. position for the vacancy in the Kiewa riding of the Yackandandlah Shire Council caused by the resignation of Councillor Maddock. At the aust'on sale of Mr James Mitchell's horses on Monday the .fol lowing prices were rialised:-Miller, by Glorious, Mr T. Dempsey, 100 gns; Nailnon, Iy Trident, Mr E. J. Brewer, 271 gns; Prudence, I;y Pilgrim's Pro. gress, Mir Kepperd, 50 guns; atid The Transvaal, by Boolks, 'ir A. T. Cres. wick, 10 gns.' . Who pays the duty?- Mr Isaacs, who has distinguished hilmself in his time -in:high :tariff circles, deieclred at the Federal Convention on Monday that Western Australia would lose nothing by admitting .the products of other states free. of duty., "If: thle Western Australisns now pay.£389;000 in duties upon goods imported fronl other colonies, they would; if thliere were no duties, save that money." Mr Isaascs (the '" Argus'!; sTiggests) is heterodox. Mr Trenwith lshould look after him better. One of the proposals of the Ain;ry Federal: Capital Association for favorably- inipressinlg delegates to the Federal Cotveilios willt the suitability of the Albury site for the federal capital was to invite them to visit the towin ad lhe the guests of the citizedis at a manquet. However, the Premier of Victoria, who ivas acting for the. ai. sociation, has written to say he has spoken to manyri`idelegates'on the'sub jeet, and fears that very few of them are inclined to find tinme to accept the invitation,. Accordingly the proposal will probably ie abandoned. The Preniter of Victoria had also been written to with, refererice to the sugR gestion of holding a - federall encanp. mentof thile forces of New SoutlhWales anId " Victoria'- here. In reply, Sir George Turner has pointed out that as Victoria had already arraniged for hold ing -an enctimpment at Ballarat, the proposal could not ihe entertained. It iisreported from Mahonga station that good water hias hbeenl. struck in shallow ground there. This discovery, if made generally, will greatly enhance' the value of Riverina properties. The -protracted litigation between Mr O-CM. Wilkinson and the Albury "Daily News " has at last come to an end, the plaintiff having notified the defendants' solicitor that lie has'ahan. doned his action aaninst the journal in question for £1000 damages. - The driver of the Wan?gsiratta-Bright train; named Rule,' lis been suspended froni duity for ?ssaultiig alla Westing. house brake inspector named Jones; who had accused him iof being idrunk and unahble'to take charge of his train The assault took pcplace -on-the Wan ,aratta platform, and ; Rule was after wards given in charge, -but -Jones refused to prosecute. Mr C. Brunn, of Chiltern; draws £90, being second mioney, from Tatter sall's isveep oiit the Cootainliundlria Cup; which closed with only 4000 ?hb. scrihbrs - 4At tihe Yaickadanandah Police Court on Mondiay,; Patrick M'Glenchy, of the Olareinde lotel, ple?ledl guilty to having his hlar door open during prolhibited ilhors on tile 6th inst.; and was fined Nom inations for prtincipal evenitsat T:algarno races at 8 o'clock to-mnorrow (Satturday) ovetiing, aid for Kiewvn races at 9.30 o'clock sanme nighlt., Mlessrs J. G.0 Shields and Co. an tnoutce the aIe hy nuction.of the Rev. ;. A. Wilislires furitrturei on Mon day, 28th inst, at the Parsonage. TI:he lateut rports froli. Tasmania state that the bush fires thlereshleve destroyed. a Iquaniity;? of minling nahebinery and fixtures;. - a , 