A Melbourne Letter. (From Our Special Correspondent..) MELBOUIR\SE, March 30. The Hobart Postal Conference should do much towards establishing a more complete understanding on mail mat ters. The questions there discussed are of great moment to the colonies at large, and the issues may or may not mean a decided improvement in the cable ser vice, which has not hitherto been en tirely above reproach. The interruptive tendency which characterises the West Australian and South Australian lines of cable has long courted discussion, and if anj thing-short of mobbing and black eyes--can stir up the authorities to prompt action, for the benefit of the public at large, no stone should be left unturned in the effort. The yearly sub sidy of £32,000, paid into the pocket of the Eastern Extension Cable Company, certainly seems to have been a heavy drain upon the resources, a- a long con tinned liability is apt to become, though the present contract terminates in July this'year. The decision come to on thecon tinuance or otherwise of paying out this subsidy will not come into requisition until that date. The two schemes for a second British service submitted, one rid Cape Colony and the other through Canada and across the Pacific, had each its good points; though the advan tages of one proposal were more than counterbalanced by the superior con veniences and facilities afforded by the other. The heartless parent who declines to transmit to his unoffending offspring, through the medium of vaccination, the numberless inherited rattle diseases which bovine flesh is heir to is hauled before a police court and fined. In a few cases, when flagrant and successive breaches of the law in this respect have been brought to light, the wretch has preferred to "' take it out " in gaol, and has emerged from that establi-hment with the halo of martyrdom encircling his manly brow. Protest after protest has been offered tip against compulsory vaccination, but the supplications to the :graven image of the Law praying for the abatement a f the slaughter of the inno cents hare fallen on barren ground. After all, bhy should the improbable arrival of a hypothetical small-pox scare be responsible for the certain and sure dissemination of pleuro-pneumonia, pul monary tuberculosis, and various un mentionable diseases equally as abomi nable ' Scientific investigation has -clearly proved that these essentially cattle diseases have been primarily grafted on to suffering humanity through the medimu of calf lymph. The recret -of compulsory vaccination advocacy by the medical fraternity at large is suffi -ciently patent, and needs no dissertation to make it self-evident. The question of establishing lymph supplies at ports where the mail boats touch is much agitating the bosom of the Board of Health. The incon venience of running short of the delect able compound was illustrat. d in the .quarantining of the R.IM.S. Australia. The de.ight of the ill-fated passengers in durance vile when they heard that there was not enough cow bacilli to go round was quickly damped by the dis *cove'y that they would have to remain .all the longer in the dolefl secluasion of the Quarantine Station. I'he hlugh joke of inoculating 400)) unwlling wretches with the ga-rms of a baker's dozen of *ilthy diseases is a bon mot which might well excite the fiendish glee of the a e no?nied school of LeA Mortiroles. The committ'-e of the Melbourne Hospital, and also the medical officers connected wathl that institution, got pretty well hauled over the coals for re fasing a anission to an elderly vagrant in the last stages ,of pleurisy and inflam mation of the lungs. The weary wan derer had been traversing the highways and byways of this had world fr close on sere-ity years, and ha I not the where withal to, buy him a crust of dry braad. The unfortunate was brought up at the City Court and reman led : thie coroner's jry had the next say in the matter, as lie 3ielded up the ghost nii thi - following day. The constable tried to get the dyiig wayfarer into the sanctuary of the Melboaurae Hospital: but hlie was sent emapty away with a bohtle of medicine in his pocket. thugh obvi.usly at his last gasp. At the imeeting of the Hospital Committee, the chairman and secretary took up the cudgels and pitched into the doctors on the disgraceful shame of turning away a patient in such a state, especially as there was one spare bed vacant in the refractory ward. in extenuation it was put in that no fewer than 91 patients in six weeks had been declined admission on the score of want of accommodation. A great many of these found shelter in the Alfred Hos pital, which institution has any quantity of room to spare, but no funds to keep more than certain sections going. The income of the Alfred requires another £4000 per annum added on to it to allow of keeping the now unused por tions in full working order. The busy baby-farmer-in untold legions-is still waging warfare against the human species, and the daily ex tinction of the ubiquitous illicit infant is as commonas cucumbers. Theboarded, out baby has about as much chance of making old bones as has a spoon-fed jelly fish. The dietary scale that regis tered nurses are obliged to hang up in a conspicuous position in their domiciles, from which untold good was confidently expected to result, has proved a regular farce. Though a stern regimen of dietetics is emphatically laid down in regulations, unfortunately a policeman is not on duty at each establishment to enforcethescale. Conse luently the lump sum infants are regaled on tripe and onions or Irish stew, and the verdict is "Gone aloft- unsuitable feeding." Whether or not the simplicity and com parative economy of extinguishing the unlawful and unwanted infant offers a premium to vice is a matter for statisti cal enquiry. Certain it is that while the lump-sum adoption of illegitiu ate infants continues to be winked at by Victorian law, just as long will the crying evil of infanticide remain un checked. The New South Wales system appears to be working satisfac torily. Thr re prohibited premiums may be i anded over to the administrator of the Act, who will dole them out in small weekly instalments to foster mothers, who thus in their own interests are obliged to do their level best to keep their charges alive and healthy, other wise their source of income is summarily cut off. The franchise fanatics are at it again, and the annual meeting of the Victorian League went off triumphantly with a credit balance of l s 34 . . big ma jority of M.'sL.A. avowed themselves pledged to the suffrage at the general elections, and the time is near at hand when those pledges will have to be taken out of pawn. According to the wealth of promises already put in by these w rthies, if a separate Suffrage Bill be introduced by the Government next session, without any of the previous hocus poons about it, there seems every likelihood of it going through, notwith standing the antipathetic ideas of certain members who shall be name less. One male speaker who held forth at the meeting got incontinently jumped upon by all the ladies assembled b cause he was inclined to bestow votes only on deserving females, restricting certain classes as undesirable ann un worthy the privilege. 'l'-ere was joy in the ranks when one lady orator shut up this squeamish fellow with a running fire of statistics, winding up the bhm bardment by proving com lusively that only a miserable 25 per cent of Vic torian criminals are f tile softer sex. The Franchise League has suffered a sad bereavement in the loss of a pro minent and popul-r leader. This pretty and wr uthfnl new woman, and a full blowln B.A. into the bargain, has just wedded a plentenuly gilded young stati ,n-owner from New South Wales. The happy couple are about to take a honeymoon tour to Klondyke, and subse onently Iput in two or three years t-arelling. \Melbourne rings with multifarious and so!lble propoundings of what is erroneously supposed to i'e the subject of the hour, viz., Federation. These learned disquisitions purport to be lucid and concise explanations of federation, but to the general public they merely serve to make the darkness risible. It is a safe thing to predict that, notwith standing the efforts being put forward, when the question ii put to the vote barely a score of Victorians will have the least comprehension of what they are arldvocating or omherwise. The arclh, ological sequence of paleolithic events is a mere joke in comparison with the labyrinthian intricacies of the intrinsic values of the subject on hand. It is much to be doubted whetht r the dele gates who drew up suchanelaborate sket ch of the Constitutional Commonwealth understood much of the " nature of the baste " they were attacking. Some half dozen of the members certainly had the question well in hand, but the rest might well have been screwed down in a wine press and the logic exuded botdled in an egg-cup. This process is only meant to apply metaphorically to the intellectuality of the individuals under treatment. If carried out literally the comparative relations of liquid to solid matter woul 1 be much greater propor tionately ; but it would create a beastly mess, so we will pursue the subject no further at present. 