Mayfield, South Yarra. Thursday, May 28. Mt Dear Mabie.—The passing away of England's Grand Old Man is reminiscent of a romance which had its birth in Borne sixty years ago.' Gladstone's eves were failing: in 1839 through studying too much in candid light, and he went to fiome-for the winter. There he met. Lady Glynn .'and her two pretty daughters. He fell in love with Miss Catherine Glynn, and after a few months' courtship they were, married. Mrs. Gladstone was the sister of Sir Stephen Glynn, and as he died without offspring Hawardon Castle fell into the hands of Mr. and Mrs. Gladstone. The pair were young together, became mature together, were always thoroughly together, in spirit, in heart, and in soul. There never could have been a wife more absolutely devoted to her husband and to his cause than Mrs. Gladstone. "There was something unspeakably touching even to mere and casual observers like myBelf," says Justin M'Carthy, "in the tender care which she always lavished upon him, a care which advancing years seemed rather to increase than diminish. One was reminded sometimes of the saying of Gurke, that be never had an outside trouble which did not vanish at the sight of his wife when he crossed the threshold." There are so few of the genuine, old-fashioned love matches these times, so when Corydon and Strephon appear on the lawn tennis grounds at a fashionable reception, all the up-to-date girls and the stoical "johnnies" look on partly with the superciliousness of cheap cynicism, partly with a faint regret that they themselves have loBt faith in ideals, and can no longer enjoy the simple pleasure of love in a cottage. I have no doubt you guesB the names of the pair T refer to. The nuptials take place at the beginning of next month. The bride elect—an orphan by the way—enjoys with her sister the enormous wealth left by her late father in station property, and the bridegroom's wealth accrues also from broad acres. How 1 wish I could feel as happy as they look.. The Queen's Birthday race meeting at Flemington was a dreary affair from a social point of view. Representative people were present, but smothered in heavy coats or enveloping cloaks and furs, more conducive to warmth than to sartorial effect. Heavy showers of rain fell every half-hour, and none of the usual gay promenaders of the lawn showed their noses, beyond the most sheltered part of the grand Btand. An Adelaide belie braved bronchitis and influenza in a smart blue costume and chic hat, to the extinction of all the prudent beauties present, and had a thousand attentions showered upon her by one of the smartest amongst the racing members of the V.R.C, There was a large gathering at the first " Tally. ho," of the season, last Saturday, when Essendon' was the scene of the Oaklands Hunt Club meeting. The day was fine, and there was loud cheering as the pack moved off. I was surprised to see one of the most enthusiastic huntsmen in -uelbourne turn away from the third fence, and in apparently an irritable frame of mind, wend his way home again. There was a fine array of smart vehicles, dog-carts with high-stepping trotters being predominant. A party on a drag attracted much attention by their somewhat noisy hilarity, and ostentation of champagne. Mrs. Pigdon, of Essendon, was the only lady following the hounds, and from the clever way she took the course promises to be one of the foremost bunting-women this season. • A friend who has just returned from a trip _ to South Australia tells me that a certain married lady in Adelaide who, when her husband aoes not return to bis sir o'clock dinner, communicates by telephone with all his friends with a view of ascertaining his whereabouts. The other day she rang up a sportively inclined youth and asked, " Ts my husband with you ?" " Yes," was the thick answer, " he is lying on my sofa as drunk as a fiddler." Of course it was an untruth, because the slandered person had just been having a most scientific conversation on the ossification of oysters with a learned gentleman from Melbourne. But all his explanations have sin^e been unavailing. . I hear that Mrs- MacRae, an Englishwoman, is just now the lioness of Western Australia. Mrs. MacRae, who is the wife of the wealthy proprietor of a London newspaper—The Financial Times—affects masculinity in dress, and visits the mines in a Norfolk suit. Mr. MacRae is supposed to have made lots of money in America and also in connection with the late Nitrate King's speculations. Mr. and Mrs. MacRae have relatives in Adelaide—theTolleys—and intend to visit all the principal towns in Australia. The lady who was known in Western Australia as "The Diamond Widow," has, to the regret of several weaithy colonists, left for London. Mrs. Driffeld's husband was drowned shortly after their arrival in Perth. The daring speculator's widow took up the threads of a complicated business, but finally came out a rich woman from the numerous ventures, and so she has decided to spend her wealth in London. The tea-room craze for ladies in reduced circumstances has died out, now so many fair manageresses have learnt that the average city luncheoner— male or female—is a dreadfully hungry, short-tempered variety of the class who give " nothing for nothing," and want a precious lot for sixpence. The "monstrous army of women," who must, or would like to earn their living, are now "rushing" the nursing profession. All the hospitals have a full complement of nurses, and the pupil candidates waiting for vacancies would fill the institutions twice over. Women of mature years, in devoting themselves to nursing, have the sense to know what the work involves, and the determination to go through with it. But for the majority of young well- educated girls, though otherwise fit, the downright hard manual work of nursing is too much for their physical strength. Only last month two sisters, knowing they could no longer afford the expense of the " industrious idleness" of society, heroically entered a Melbourne hospital to obtain certificates as trained nurses. The health of one collapsed completely in three weeks' time, and the other is now prostrate with typhoid fever. The latest candidate for the position of a well-paid " ministering angel" is a pretty esthetic girl from St. Kilda, with a lily-like complexion and fragile figure, who is leaving an admiring circle of friends in society, because a " woman should have the means of earning an independent living." Thx worship of the nimble shilling has been going on all the week at the Old Colonists' Carnival, and various aro the devices used to extract the coin. A lady was endeavouring to sell a pair of nutcrackers. But the fish would not bite. " Why, you couldn't pull out an old tooth with them," he objected, " much less crack a nut." Then the husband of the 8^all-bolder (unwisely) .added his voice. " I bet you ten pounds I could pull out every tooth in my head with them." " Done ! " came the answer; and the husband deftly inserted the nut-crackers, and pulled out all his teeth at one touch. " They're falso," he remarked, "but my own." "Caught," by Jove!" said the other, "come and have a drink." " But where's the ten pounds ? " queried the lady. After a quarter of an hour's argument she managed to secure ten shillings, the nut-crackers being returned as a present to the stall. Another visitor, who had either returned; ^rom Klondyke or Coolgardie went to the Carnivatwith his pockets full of silver and gold. Th his easy good nature and in the fiush of prosperity^})e wdnt into every raffle anyone asked him to eMr, aid —— • ■ - <-ro there were hundreds going on TT^sfe his pockets stuffed with pink ticW.^9" 1 price of a tram fare. When bl n found his shilling ticket to thn him .£40. And now he spends hi# f DlTal 1 whether he has won anything. The most pleasing feature of th. scene at the Exhibition is the $11 bevy of belles in picture gowns (beEf' Stone) of green veiling6 with tinEJ fichus, and black velvet hats character, sell but'tonholes at fabnlo command a Dutch tulip grower's vaU P»n< and plants. Of those assisting in ? Misses Pratt, of East Melbourne £* and pralines at the City of Melbourne !!! their smart reception frocks, J? I* attractive appearance. "SFlirtations are the order of a It Colonists' Carnival, and every pretty SI stalls can, if she chooses, " from the'con JF eye, see twenty love-sick youths feeh It But unrestricted flirtations are not condJF business, and so it came about that the'mstall holders in several instances set down 11' their young charges that they were on no® to neglect reporting themselves at head® every ten minutes. S The engagement of Mr. Darnley Naylor I of Ormond College, to Miss Jessie Llovd of fl is much talked about in social circles. Th| lecturer is a favorite in society, he being I handsome, dressing well, singing well andl well. Miss Jessie Lloyd is one of the tailed® Melbourne, and is quite head and shoulder® bridegroom. Miss Lloyd ia very wealthy, hi daughter of the late Mr. J. C. Lloyd, whoa® fortune by lucky speculations. She is ah® of Mrs. Robert Harper, of Toorak. I A dtbuton** set is to be one of the feat® Vincent Hospital ball, at the Town Hall, he® nesday. This set will be formed with the V® set in the opening Quadrille d'honneur, so I usual crowd of dancers who take seats in the® to witness the opening set, will find anothefl of interest in the group of fair recruits tool circles. The energetic committee havealeoI a floral set of lancers, which promises tot® tionally attractive, a number of well-kno*® people having accepted the characters. 1® be two poudre sets, with distinctive floral I an anchor and heart set, a red and whites® set, a crescent set, and what is more char® of the object of the ball—a '• medico" as® has been cleverly arranged by Mrs. I Fitzgerald. H When Mddame Albani was going the ® the-Women's.Hospital, under the guidance® the committee, the prima donna paused in® ment at the mention of what Miss Generis® had done for the institution. "However® raise all that money?" she exclaimed.® dramatic performance, Madame," was " but you could do it with a concert." The® silent and passed on. ® There are ghosts and ghosts. When an® age.man talks about ghosts, he is laugh® his triviality; when a woman ventures in® land, the newspapers devote columns of® what they are pleased to call the hystw® dency of the time The subject requires!® ity and stolidity of a university professor!® tolerable. Thus Professor Laurie's Iecturt® and Fancy," at the Austral Salon the other® gave the listeners the chance of drawin® breath of relief. The Salon loves the wot® fact it had been dying for a good''P03j® since it started, but nobody had dare <® the visionary Tom Tiddler's ground to pi® mysteriously shining scraps of ghost Io • ■ Professor Laurie did not mean to do i J® he glided into it all the same. It did not® pin's point to the Salon that he was Jj® ghosts. He told the ghost stones, ■ enough to set members thinking a ?® Professor warmed to his subject and g . j® a lively quarter of an hour. He cone ^® how fancy can act on the simples J® , they are distorted out of all res J® .actual facts. "Poor humanity, - *® 'delusion," was apt tojumpatcoii^^^®j ■P^^ianking. slow-stepping, 3 * inn of spooks came into 6X18HSwed the examples. "I hope you Hfit stories," said the professor, urH1 Salon leant forward eagerly, ^K-ncr for a few seconds, swallowed HKl! back, cheered and invigorated, Hit about the moral, that is the ^Eaatlon, the merciless reduction to ^Mibo could not hear the Professor H*one word "ghost," with new hope, ■The chattering crew who gather^■theroom were hushed into expectant the professor pleasantly chaffed one ^■examination for describing a devil ^■yes" there was a burst of laughter, the long-established preference' for. Hxhe lecturer had a suggestive back^■jLre stood out in dark relief against HLadland that Mr George Gordon had ■e Italian landscape for the Salon ^Rater on, Mr. Edward Warren, when H{[e of thanks, expressed the idea in ^Rdby saying he wished Professor Laurie ^Kr the slate- writing and other marvels H. The Salon wanted to know the trick ^gla other words, the fact was not The vocal portion of the programme, ^Krs, Miss Austin and Mr.' Prankland, ■rightly, as it always does when Mrs. the accompanist. Miss Rix recited ■Felix" in an earnest and impressive piano accompaniment by Mrs. Rix. ^Be Summerhayes's violin playing was ^Hit of the evening, which terminated ^■comedietta by Mrs. Augustus Bright, Hit False, bat Fickle," well played by He. 6. 8. Lewis, Miss Dunckley, Miss ■Scott and Miss Helen Thorpe. The ■cnng lady did so well in a servant's ■cleverness was a matter for general ^mte gold dnchesse chains with their ^Hqs and ''Josephine'1 hearts are going ^■s, and in their stead is being worn a ■tibbon to which the miniature watches ■ Very little jewellery is being worn ■n and out-door dress, but an evening ■ is incomplete without numerous gold ■etwitb diamonds and many coloured I Yours affectionately, Stella. 