PY QUE. The " Heathen Chinee" is very much in evidence just now in the world. The Caucasian is not played out, but is exploiting the wily Mongolian all he knows. The French President, the Quten and Empress of the British Empire, the Russian and German Emperors are all at him, and now our • mperor of Bunbury has " taken a hand." Revenue must be raised somehow; this "consumption of the purse," as Falstaff called it, must be remedied. " Borrowing only lingers and lingers it on." So on Easter Sunday eve, when devout worshippers were at home, talking of the music, and the flowers, and the new bonnets, and things, a " surprise party " of fourteen men in blue rushed a Chinese gambling house in Murraystreet, having stopped all avenues of escape. They captuied without loss of life or bloodshed no less than 73 of these miscreants in flagrante delicto at a game of Py Que—whatever that may be; and, having annexed, all the coin and apparatus worth having, they marched those mournful Mongolians, handcuffed, to the lockup. There they had plenty of time, if not space, to ruminate on the error of their ways, and to lay plans for being mora circumspect in the future. A better system ef patrolling, a more liberal largesse to the men in blue, and more numerous and easier modes of egress, will, no doubt, be decided on. They may also conclude to fall into lint with the Government's own little Py Quelicensed totes and consultations, or Weld themselves into a Club. They ought to know that no man, or men, like opposition to their own business. They will learn in time the humbug and the inconsistency of Western civilisation, as applied in W.A.; and, in the meantime, they must gamble •legally, or, if net, take care not to be found out. • The march to the gaol two and two, guarded;by constables, must have made an impressive .picture. The rising moon casting a calm refulgenoe upon the beautiful waters of the Swan; the white fails flitting like ghosts across its surface;' the huith of the Sabbath eve, whilst-over and anon the sad wail of twenty Chows "shivered to the tangling stars" A fine musical and dramatic effect might have been produced appropriate to the sacred day. chief constable with baton in centre of ring of culprits, with an •uter ring of constables, sutndine ju| side the lockup, singing " Now we will gather at the r-i-ver," etc., etc.; and on its dying BIOWI)* away, the warder standing in the doorway with bunch of keys accompaniment in persuasive baritone, " Abide with me, fast falls the eventide," etc., etc. Why it would be enough to draw tears from the'eyes of a wooden god. But away with melancholy. Bring along the banjo. PY QUE. You may have your little tote In this colony remote, Promote sweeps and consultations too, But the Chinese must not play, In his own immoral way, We will ga»l him if he dares to play Py Que, Py Que; He must learn to playOUR games, not HIS Py Que. You may float the wildest "cat," There can be no harm in that, 'Tis only t'othersiders you go through. Let the holy, oily Rowe Hold pious raffles for HIS show, Though he says it's sin for Chows to play Py Que, Py Que, They should come to HIM and learn—Py Que. You may buy your cigarette Ftom a fascinating pet A Japan-easy, houri-eyed Shy Pue ; Raise a revenue from drink, Let the sandy city stink, But we prosecute the Chows who pluy Py Que, Py Que— Assume a virtue though we have it not— Py Que. 