THE DEVIL'S HEAD. BY J. FITZGERALD MOLLOY. Author of "An. Excellent Knave," "How Came he Dead," " A Justified Sinner,' "On Wheels of Fire," "The Mo3t Gorgeous Lady Blessington," "The Life and Adventures of Peg Woffington," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XSVIL FAKE WELL. That evening, whilst her husband and her guests ware sitting at dinner, Oriana, exhausted aud miserable, lay on a couch in the shaded fight of her sitting-room, unflinchingly facing the situation before her. Tho first hours of horror a?id bewilderment on learning of her mother's disease, were now succeeded by that calm wiiich arises from despair, during which she reviewed her past and examined herself, as if she would gauge how far the dread malady had eaten into her life. She remembared that even whilst at school she had suffered in a subtle way unexperienced by her companions. What had lightly passed by thsm had affected her sensitive temperament. Unknown to and unsuspected by tho^re around, she had dwelt in a world of her own that was convulsed by wild ambitions and extraordinary desires, or made gloomy by depressions for which there seemed no cause. Emotion and imagination had played inordinate parts in her inuer life. She had been subjected to apprehension so vague as to be nameless, yet so vivid as to be unendurable. {The heart-loneliness that niakps existence a waste had always been hers. She saw now she had never bean as others. Fear or pain had for ever darted between her and her keenest pleasures, poisoning' them when she would enjoy. She had been haunted by a spectre whose name she did not know until now; a spectre that had goaded her to bitterness and rebsilion; that had inspired her with dasperaie thoughts; that had forced her to acts she was unable to control. ' She had been cursed from birth. By the light her new-gainsd knowledge cast on her pa«t she judged of hor feelings towards Bigel; of the fascination she had felt for one who hs.d never sought to win her a if action ; . her fierce lont'ing for his love; hor intense jealousy; the avowal she had felt compelled to make; her fearslest she might be unable to keep the sacret of what she believed was his guilt. She had frequently looked back upon the midnight scene in trie guardroom, as upon a hideous nightmare; its recollection had made her burn with hrmiliation; had made her turn with repugnance from herself. To-day she thought with some touch of self-pity, it Va? perhaps'the knowledge, that she never could really know what happiness was, that had made h*r so desperately anxious to realize it at any cost. Here was the growth of that disease more terrible than death. Whst fault was hers that she shonld suffer fJom this horrible taint; that she should have been doomed from birth to struggle in darkness? Was there, after all, truth in the philosophy that taught that we suffer in this life for tho sins committed in a previous existence? In what other way could the wrongs end 3red by the innocent, the maladies and miseries that are the lot of many stainless men and women from the cradle to the grave, be accounted for? What poor creatures we were, groping our painful way through darkness, understanding ourselves so little, understanding those nearest to us loss —caeh a riddle to the other. For ever and for ever there broke upon her mind. as m'gbt waves upon a beach, the horror of her incurable malady. To be dogtred by this hideous, menacing shape—not to know what terror the future mie'nt produce, what calamity its darkness cloaked—was unendurable. In that direction lay her cruellest fear. Nor w.vs h"T dread for herself alone, but because of him who was dearer to her than life—whose life she had spoilt. He had not hesitated to sacrificc himself for her, and bow that a more j-prewinz nerd, fgrsacrifice on her part arose i wou'd she hesitate to spare hitc the endurance j of a trairrd v that might be spread over years j to set. him free from the bondage of such a ; mindless wreck as she might bocoineany day— ' any hour? j Then whilst dwelling on this terrihle i thought she pictured to herself what might ] i have been wero she as others, and couid have ; won rtnd held his love for her own. Thatj would have been heaven itself. Now her sense of loss and pain were such as are as30ciaated with hell. { j To part with hini would be a violent heartwrench, for he was the one rhing in the world to which she clung; but if only for his 1 sake, if only to preserve his unborn "children from an inheritance of darkness and despair she mnst go hence. ' Once its necessity appeared clear to her ^ ^ she j did not" flinch from this idea—she did* not j shrink from facing the unknown. But in j mercy to herself sho resolved that it must | soon be carried out; for overv moment b~- ' A J tween '' this and * her - last ' • would" be a separate aconv. agony, because of the knowledtr^tlmf knowledge that •n-.ti, with the passing of each the ti^ie she could be near him crew shorter and brought her closer to a parting that might be eternal. So she lay there thinking out the details of her intended departnrs, whilst those below, unconscious of the tragedy she planned, ate! drank, and made merry; all hut one, the doctor.^ who alone was aware of the knowledsre that had ™ to her. of the darkness that engnlnhM her. It was ho who soon after dinner tapned at Hie door, and on being bidden to enter sat down beside her. " I would not let Sir Riecl come up," be said. "Iwas afraid lie might disturb you." Oriana marie no reply, and Bickersteth, little suspecting how she hated him for keeping away her husbpfH, continued, as he felt her pulse:— " You are much calmer, much better." " I shall be much more rested when I have slept, "she answered. "That's ri;;ht; yon must be brave," the doctor -aid sympathetica?]-.-. " I am gome to be very hrave,"she replied. At that he felt pleased, said he would make up a sleeping draught, which he would send her. aud suggested that' ehe should retire j early. 1 In the morning it seemed plain to him she had decided to maintain her promise of being brave, for she came down to breakfast unexpectedly, whilst Lady George, Rigel, and himself were at the tabic. They greeted her with pleasure, and assured her she looked well. 'Bickersteth accused himself of being an alarmist, and in the same breath excused himself for being tho same, stating it was one of the tricks of his trade to magnify an illness, that the patient's recovery might advertise bi3 doctor's skill. Oriana. who felt as might some poor forlorn ghost that had wandered back amougst the living whom it loved, was pleased by her welcome—such a welcome as she would never again receive. " For my part, I am doubly glad you are able to be down to-day," said Lady George, "for I fear I shall have to leave you tomorrow. " " To-moriow?" repeated Oriana, thinking of what might happen before then. " Yes, and you would never guess why." "There's a man at the bottom of this," stated the doctor, with mock gravity. "Why, of course there is," she answered briskly. "I knew it," said Bickersteth, triumphantly. "Perhaps," Lady George remarked, "you will think me a foolish woman.'' "I can only think of you as a delightful worn au." " If only he would," she answered. " But I do, I swear it," replied the scientist. " I wasn't thinking of you, doctor." "Then of whom else, pray?" he asked, in playful indignation. " My husband. I had a letter from him this morning." " How indiscreet." " He is going down to Grantham Hall, where his father is very ill; aad ho wants me to go with him just to keep up appearances before the Duke, who has old-fashioned notions about married life, and who may leave us something handsome." "And you will desert us for that man?" exclaimed the doctor, with an assumption of resentment. " Yes; I am to play the part of a devoted wife. It will be almost as funny as acting in amateur theatricals in a back drawing-room," replied Lady George, gaily. "A"h, the deceit of woman," sighed tho doctor. "Now, I will tell you one of my secrets," said Lady George, confidentially. "Tell me many. I delight in scandal," Bickersteth replied. "I have always been in love with my husband." " How preposterous." y " Pray don't tell any one, it would make me seem so ridiculous; especially to him, if ever he heard of it." " The Duke is very old," said Rigel. " Yes; but although he is ninety he hasn't yet consented to die," Lady George answered. "People only eonaent to die when it's no longer possible to live," Bickersteth remarked. Oriaaa rose and turned away. WJien presently the guests went out on the terrace, Rigel said to his wife— "So you are really better to-day?" " Yea, but I am yet very nervous, and I want you to stay with me all day, if you will, for that would comfort me above all things," Oriana said, pleadingly. " I will do whatever you please," he answered, gracions as ever. " Ah,, how good you are to me," she said, tears rushing to her eyes, tears she was unable to restrain. ,He took one of her hands between his own, saying— " Don't npset yourself, dear." "You will let me keep near you all day; for that will give me strength," she persisted. "Yes," he answered her, humouring her; " we shall spend the day together; all to ourselves." , Though he did not love her, he knew that her unquestioning devotion was such as few men ever receive, and though he could not return it, his gratitude amounted to affection, and led him to repay her by unfailing kindness, by considerate tenderness. " Your aunt and Lady George are going to call on some psople in th? afternoon," she Biid, "and I will ask my father to take Dr. Bickersteth for a ride, so that after lunch we shall be alone. Then you will come and drink tea in ray boudoir, and I will talk to yoa." " About what?" he asked, wondermgly. " About ourselves. And now I will come with you to the library, where I will write a note asking my father to lunch with us." And taking his arm she led him from the breakfastroom. On reaching the library Bhe went to one of the windows and looked with sad eyes on the scene before fcer. Under tha influence of this spring day the whole world seemed to renew its vouth, to luxuriate in the sun, to promise delight. It seemed strange to remember she once had hated the sight of these peaceful valleys and the ramparts of those eternal mountains, beautiful now in the lights and shadows playing on their rugged elopes; in the clear outlines of their heights defined against the pale blue of the horizon. Never had the .prospect seemed so peaceful, never so fascinating, as when she was about to close her eyes to it for ever. A dull aching pain struck at the nerves of her brain. She felt suddenly faint, and turned to the table whore Rigel was already at work. "How I wish I could give them a ekinpingrope performance," said Lady George. " Wouldn't it wake them?" " My dear, it would scare them." Whilst her aunt and Lady George were preparing for their dnye, Oriana went into the rooms on the ground floor, pausing to look round each vast apartment, and to note objects that had always given her special pleasure. In one of the drawing-rooms were some presents Bit^el had bought for her whilct ou their honeymoon—quaint objecis of art picked up iu Italian towns. These she touched with tenderness, remembering the day and hour of their purchase, a whole picture of each circumstance rising against its foreign background, he the centre of all—he who Vfras, then and now as the core of her •heart, Amonsst them was a string of amber be?.ds most curiously carved, which the vendor had described as an amulet. Rigel had fancied it, and had wound it nund her wrist. She took it from its porcelain bowl, kissed it, and coiled it about her arm. It would remain there until the end. As she closed the door of each room she said good-by to it, wondering if at any future time the conscious self that surely survived the body's death might be able to return and flit through them, a sorrowful phantom looking on the living, to whom it would be unable to make known its presence. The sound of voices in the great h^.11 reaching her, she hurried there to find her father, Doctor Bickersteth, and Rigel. The horses were already at the door and the riders ready to mount. "Good-by, dear," her father said, as after his usual fashion at leaving her he lightly brushed her cheek with his lips. She surprised him by taking his fresh round face between her hands and kissing him repeatedly and affectionately. "Good-by. fath^-; good-by, and take care of yourself," she managed to say, before a sob choked her. He was across his horse in another moment, his hish voice talking to his ciJmrjanion as .they rode down the avenue. He had never understood her. never been in svmnathy with her, but she knew he was fond of her, and this parting was hard to bear. It would have been harder if she did not know that grief could never long impress h^s volatile natu -p— if she did not believe hsr departure now would save him keener pain by-and-by. A few minutes later Wie Couutess and Lady G«orge came downstairs. " I am afraid," said the former. " I am the the moFt unpunctusl person in the world. I meant to have started a quarter of "an hour ago. Now, Oriana, have a nice rest whilst I am away." " Yes, I will be certain to take a good rest." "Then au revoir, my dear," said Lady Trentham. Oriana looked at her as if she would for ever fix that sweet and gentle face in her mind, and then bending forward, kissed her tenderly with a kiss Lady Trentham ever remembered —a kiss that afterwards seemed to her iike that of death. Through a mist of tears Oriana saw her and Lady George being taken to the carriage by Rigel. By the time he returned she had sufficiently recovered to compose herself to say— " I am going to mv bou "oir now. You will not bo long, dear, before you come and drink tea with me." .. " I shall be with you in half an hour," he replied. | " Be sure you are punctual," ,sbe said, with an attempt at playfulness, as heavy of heart she turned away. CHAPTER XXVIII. , FAREWELL. When Rierel joined Oriana he fonnd her seated in a deep chair comfortably drawn bv the hearth, a tea-table beside her. Although there was daylight outside, the curtains were drawn, and the room lit bv yellow wax candles, arranged so as to leave her in shadow; save when now and then the flickering red flames of the wood fire cast tha reflection on her face. She looked up quickly as he entered, nn impatient longing in her face, and in her eyes such burning love as would have appealed to him could he have seen. She made ten, going through the task as carefully and mechanically as if she were not concerned in a tragedy that had even then begun. Presently he became accustomed to the faint light of the room, and to the slight pungent odour he believed to arise from the pine wood burning in the grate, which induced a feeling of drowsiness. Onee, when he suddenly turned to address Oriana, her face seemed to assume a terrific aspect, appearing as a ghastly, tm-enish mask from which flaming eyes looked out in mockery; but as he started, this weird, instantaneous illusion disappeared, his movement enabling him to see from another angle the pathetic pallor and sombre calmness of her countenance. The time between breakiast and lunch went by so rapidly that Oriana pictured death striding forward with cruel haste to claim hor. With hsr eyes on the clock she counted .the hours left her, and agaia and agaii. she asked Rigel questions, iutcrrupting _ him in the writing of his letters, that she might hoar his voice and meet his eyes, for soon she would be deaf and blind to them. At lunch. Lady Trentham asked that the carriage might be ordered for her at three. She wished to call on tha Langwely ns, who lived soma six miles away. Lady George was to accomnany her, Oriana having excused herself. Her father and Doctor Bickersteth had arranged to ride to Tyney-Gross. Rigel declared he would l-umain at home. " So that you two young people will be left alone like 3ob and Joan," said Lady George. "It is better that Oriana should rest," remarked tiie Countess, " and besides .she will miss nothing in not paying this visit; for these pGople are as duil as their pedigree is long. Tbey will be terribly respectable and extremely fatiguing. For alf that, the terror his imagination had picturad sent a thrill through him ; and the old subtle feeling of dread so often experienced in the past, but almost forgotten siuce his marriage, returned. "You have something to tell me," he said, subduing a strange uneasiness - that seized him : somethins about ourselves." '"A great d'.iai," answered Oriana, slowly and thoughtfully. " But you must forgive me if it seems painful, for it will be the last time I wiH ioucii on it, I promise." . " Why speak of a painful subject?" he asked, still more disturbed by her words, and by her voice with its undertones of pathos. " jiavo you never felt that there are times when one must speak, happen what will? But perhaps it is oalv I and such as I am that feel that impulse, liigel, let me tell you how grateful I am that you sacrificed yourself to save my honour, aud that you have never once Teferred to it sinea." "Let me beg of you " he began, anxious ":o spare her. _ . " Your silence was as noble as your action," she interrupted. "It was noble; it was one oi those things no womau could forget. Toll ine honestly if in your heart you have fbrgiven me for the occurrence of that night?" "There is no need for forgiveness," he answered. "There is, thpre is," she replied, with agitation. "Tell mel;he truth, no matter how painful it may be; tell me the truth. Have you forgiven me?" " Then if there is, or was, anything to forgive, I have forgiven it long ago," he replied, his pity for her increasing. She sighed profoundly, as if relieved of a burden. " I will tell you something that will explain it presently," she said, glancing at the clock on tha mantelpiece. "Something that will make you sorry for me." Her words impressed him, and the heavy silence succeeding them seemed full of gloom.^ One never knows what may happen," she began again. " But supposing 1 were to die. I hope you would remember me sometimes, not reproachfully, for I could not bsar that. I may then be in pain, who knows; but your pity, your sympathy, would be sure to reach and comfort me, no matter where I was." Oriana " Listen," she exclaimed, starting, a strained expression on h»-r face." " Have you heard it?" " I heard nothing." "Not the tower beli?" "No," he answsred, perplexed- by the strange look of alarm in her eyes. " I remember,"she Raid, altera pause, "the first time I saw you. I was walking through the shrubbery and you were in the park. You did not tae me. You wore a loosely knotted tie undor a turned-down collar. I couldn't forget you for hours afterwards, though I didn't think then—some days later you came to dinner. Whata long time ago—years." Not yet eighteen mouths," lie answered. * ".Some people count time by days and months, but I count it by what it has held for me, by what I have felt.: ao it really is many years since first wa met." A sudden shudder passed through her from head to foot. She covered her face with her hands, and moaned slightly. " You are ill?" Rigel said in alarm. " No, no; I am merely cold." "The room is warm." " I fancy I caught a chill last night whilst standing at the window looking at the moon. She was coming to the full, and a train of black clouds passed her slowly and sorrowfully like a funoral procession. There is the bell again. You surely heard it then?" " No; it's merely your fancy." " The last time it tolled was for Philip, It was in the early morning. I remember it came floating down the valley, and every stroke fell upon my heart. I suffered ternhly." " For God's sak<3, Oriana, don't think of such things," he implored, an undefined uncanny feeling creeping ovor him aud freezing his blood. "There is something I-have.to tell you," she murmured. "I must not delay it longer, for it might then be too late." " What is it?" he asked, dreading what he might hear. " My mother was mad ; she died mad." "Good God!" he cried out, unconsciously recoiling from her. » His action struck her as a blow. " If I hafi known it I would not have mrvmod you. Now that I do I am point* away from you," she said, anxious to relieve him. "lam going away from you for ever." The wailing sadness of her voice, the humility of her words, reproached him and woke his pity afresh. " No, Oriana, you must not go from me. It will be .my duty, my care, to stand by and watcb over you," he replied, gently. A glow of Icve and gratitude overspread her sorrowful face, making it more beautiful to his eyes than ever it had been before. " It does not follow that because your mother was afflicted you also should suffer from her disease," he added, hoping to comfort her. "I know now I have suffered from it all my life," she answered wearily. "The truth I learned yesterday was as a light by which I read myself. It explains many things —that night, the night in the guard-room, above all. If 1 were not mad the shame of it would have killed me." "You exaggerate. You merely acted on impulse." "No; I have always suffered—none hut mystlf can tell how much. Yesterday came a new dreⅈ—of what uiitjlit be. That 1 could not fane—for your s -.ke, tor my own, X resolved to take myself out of your life." " Wha t do you mean?" he asked, not knowing how to interpret her words. "It will soon be over. Nothing can save me. Don't leave nie uiitii then," she implored, her voice quivering. lie rushpi! to tho bell-rope and rang violently until a servant burst into the room, breathless aud Trighteiied. " Kun to tho stables!' 1 Rigel gasped. "Send a groom with a saddled horso into Dolgeilev for a doctor; let two others take different directions and find Doctor Bickersteth. Say it's a ease of life and death, liua!" As the man hurried away liigel threw himself on his knees he.side his wife, his heart | beating until it mails a sinking in his ears. Her face looked grey and drawn, her 1 eyes were already glassy. She stretched oat her bends as if she could not. sse untii they touched his shoulders, to which they clung desperately. "Rigel,' she said in a weak voice, "remember always how I loved you; that will help you to think kindly, forgivingly of me P I could not spoil your future life. I felt it coming. Tiie dreadful shapes that always followed were gaining on me every day ; they would s<xjr. h.ive overtaken and carried me away with them into darkness. But I outstripped ti'. rii whilst still myself, and not tho soulless, mind'esK wretch they'd make me." "Rouse yoursslf; there may yet be hope," he crii-d out, striving to lift and set her on her feet: but she made no effort to move. "Thcro is something more terrible than death. Bur, T will escape it; though it is lonely, terribly iouely, going out alone into the cold darkness beyond. There is the iiell ! again; it almost drowns my voice ana yours. | The time can scarcely have come for me to leave yon. He is impatient to take me from vou." I "Who?" "Death." Ha now realised that no aid could save her, and he strove with ail his might to comfort and soothe her in those last moments of her | unhappy life. A shudder once more convulsed her; in the palpitating stillness he could hear her struggle for breath. " It must be night," she gasped. "It has grown so dsrk, and I \v.is always afraid of darkness. They hid in it, but f could hear I them wkispcrriug, giblieriug. I always knew they were there watching me." " You are not afraid now. f hope," ho said, pitifully, his arms clasped around her. "Iam, I. am," she murmured, tears in her voice. "Perhaps God v.iil give light to civ soul, rny poor darkened soul." Again came a moment of profound silence, which she interrupted by a shivering-whisper. " My hands are cold, my hands are cold, though I am not yet dead." Ho took them in his arid kissed them I tenderly, hoping she was conscious of hisaction. " Hold f hem in your own to the iftst, until I have quite escaped. 1 was never happy here —perhaps beyond—Are you there? Eigel, are you there?" "Close beside you, holding your hands in mine." " I can feel no longer. Ah !" A spasm co)-.u-:irtc'd her body, her hands clutched him, and she uttered a sobbing moan that smote him. A second later h^r head fell forward. Her troubled eoul had taken flight- 