MYSTERIOUS MR. SABIN. By E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM, Author of 'Till the Day of Judgment,' 'The Mystery of Mr. Bernard Brown,' ' A Monk of Cruta,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. ] Chapter XXXII. At the sound of his cry Helene, who had been crossing the hall, threw open the door just as Mr. Sabm's fingers were upon the key. Seeing that he was powerless to keep from her the knowledge of what had happened he did not oppose her entrance. She glided into the centre of the room with a stifled cry of terror. Together, she and Mr. Sabin bent over Wolfenden's motionless figure. Mr. Sabin unfastened the waistcoat and felt bis heart. She did not speak until he had held his hand there for several seconds ; then she asked a question. ' Have you killed him?' Mr. Sabin shook his head and smiled gently. ' Too tough a skull by far,' he said. ' ' Can you get a basin and a towel without any one Beeing you f She nodded and fetched them from her own room. The water was fresh and cold, and the towel was of fine linen, daintily hemmed, and fragrant with the perfume of violets. Yet' neither of these things, nor the soft warmth of her breathing upon his cheek seemed to revive him In the least He lay . quite still in the same heavy stupor, Mr. . Sabin stood upright and looked at him ' thoughtfully. His face had grown almost haggard. . . 'We had better send for a doctor,' she whispered fiercely. ' I shall fetoh one myself if you do not 1' Mr. Sabin gently dissented. I 'I know quite as much as any doctor,' he eaid. -'The man is not dead, or dying, or likely to die. I wonder if we could move him pn tothat sofa.' 1 Together they managed it somehow. Mr. Sabin, in the course of his movements to and -fro about the room was attracted by the sight Of the dogcart still waiting outside. He frowned, and stood for a moment looking thoughtfully at it. . *hen t° went outside. ' jfre you waiting for Lord Wolfenden f ' he aakedthe groom. . * The man looked up in surprise. 'Yob, sir, I set him down here nearly an hour ago. I 'had no orders to go home.' 'I»rd Wolfenden has evidently forgotten 611 about you,' Mr. Sabin *aid. ' S# left by vihtoMxaiklfcy for the Jfolf course, and I am going to join him there directly. He is not coming back here at alL You had better go home, I should think.' The man touched his hat. ' Very good, sir.' There was a little trampling up oj- the gravel, and Wolfenden's dogcart rapidly dis appeared in the distance, Mr. Sabin with Bet face and a hard glitter in his eyes went back into the morning-room. Helene was still on her knees by WolfendenV prostrate figure when he entered. She spoke to him without looking up. 'Hois a little better, I think— he opened his eyes just now.' 'He is not seriously hurt,' Mr.' Sabin said ; ' there may be some slight concussion — nothing more. The question is, first, what to do with, him, and, secondly, how to make the best use' of the time which must elapse before he will be well enough to go home.' She looked at him now in horror. He was always like this, unappalled by anything which might happen, eager only to turn every trick of fortune to his own ends. Surely his nerves were of steel, and his heart of iron.' 'I think,' she said, 'that I should first make sure that he is likely to recover at all.' Mr. Sabin answered mechanically ; his thoughts seemed far away. 'His recovery is a thing already assured,' he said. ' His skull was too hard to crack ; he will be laid up for an hour or two. What I have to decide is how to use that hour or two to the best possible advantage.' She looked away from him and shuddered. This passionate absorption of all his energies into one channel bad made a fiend of the man. Her slowly growing purpose took to itself root and branch as she knelt by the Bide of the young Englishman, who only a few moments ago had seemed the very embodiment of all manly vigor. Mi. Sabin stood up. He had arrived at a determination. 'Helene,' he said, 'I am going away for an hour, perhaps two. Will you take care of him until I return ?' 'Yes!' 'You will promise not to leave him or to send for a doctor V' 'I will promise unless he seems to grow worse.' - 'He will not get worse; he will be con soioits in less than an hour. Keep him with you as long as you can ; he will be safer here. Remember that.' 'I will remember,' she said. He left the room, and soon she heard the sound of carriage wheels rolling down the avenue. His departure was an intense relief to her. She watched the carriage, furiously driven, disappear along the road. Then she returned to Wolfenden's side. For nearly an hour she remained there bathing his head, forcing now and then a little brandy between his teeth, and watching his breathing be come more regular and the ghastly white ness leaving his face. And all the while she was thoughtful. Once or twice her hands touched his hair tenderly, almost caressingly. There was a certain wistfuluess in her regard of him. She bent close over his face ; he was still apparently as unconscious as ever. She hesitated for a moment ; the red color burned in one bright spot on her cheeks. She stooped down and kissed him on the forehead, whisper ing something under her breath. Almost before she could draw back he opened his eyes. She was overwhelmed with confusion, but seeing that he had no clear knowledge of what had happened she rapidly recovered herself. He looked around him and then up into her face. 'What has happened?' he asked. 'Where amir 'You are at the Lodge,' she eaid quietly. 'You called to see Mr. Sabin this morning, you know — and I am afraid you must have quarrelled.' 'Ah, it was that beastly stick,' he said slowly. ' He struck at me suddenly. Where is he now ?' She did not answer him at once. It was certainly better not to eay that she had seen him driven rapidly away only a short time ago with his horses' heads turned to Dering ham HalL ' He will be back soon,' she said. ' Do not think about him, please. I cannot tell you how sorry I am.' He was recovering himself rapidly. Some thing in her eyes was sending the blood warmly through his veins; he felt better every instant 'I do not want to think about him,' he murmured. 'I do not want to think about anyone else but you.' She looked down at him with a half pathetic, half humorous twitching of her lips. ' You must please not make love to me or I shall have to leave you,' she said. 'The idea of thinking about such a thing in your condition. You don't want to send me away, do you V 'On the contrary,' he answered, 'I want to keep you always with me.' ' That,' she Baid briefly, ' is impossible.' 'Nothing,' he declared, 'is impossible, if only we make up our minds to it I have made up mine.' ' You are very masterful. Are all English men as confident as you ?' 'I know nothing about other men,' he de clared. ' ? But I love you, Helene, and I am not sure that you do not care a little for me.' She drew her hand away from his tightening clasp. * 'I am going,' she said. 'It is your own fault ; you have driven me away.' Her draperies rustled as she moved towards the door, but she did not go far. 'I do not feel so well,' he said quietly. ' I believe that I am going to faint.' She was on her knees by big side again in a moment For a fainting man the clasp of his fingers around hers was wonderfully strong. ' I feel better now,' he announced calmly. ' I shall be all right if you stay quietly here and don't move about.' She looked at him doubtfully. 'I do not believe,' she said, 'that you felt ill at all. You are taking advantage of me !' * 'loan assure you that I am not,' he an swered ; ' when you are here I feel a different man.' 'I am quite willing to stay if you will behave yourself,' she said. -is' Will you please define good behaviour ?' he begged. 'In the present instance,' she laughed, 'it consists in not saying^silly things.' 'A thing whiob is true cannot -be silly,' he protested. ' It is true that I am never happy without you. That is why I shall never give, you up.' She looked down at him with brjght eyes and a frown which did not come easily. ' If you persist in making love to me,' she said, 'fan) going away. It. is not permitted, understand that' He sighed. 'I am afraid,' he answered softly, ' that I shall always be indulging in the luxury of the forbidden. For I love you and I shall never weary of telling you so.' : 'Then I must Bee,' she declared, making a subtle but unsuccessful attempt to disengage her hand, 'that you have fewer opportuni ties.' 'If you mean that,' he said, 'I must oer tainly make the most of this one, Helerie, you could pare for me, I know— and I could make you happy. Yon say ' No' to me be cause there is some vague entanglement— I will not call it an engagement— with some one else. You do not care for him, lam sure. Don't marry him I It will be for your Borrow, So many women's lives are spoilt like that Dearest,' he added, gaining courage from her averted face, ' I can. make you happy, I am eure of it \ I do not know who you are or who your people are, but they shall be .my people — nothing matters except that I love you. I don't know what to say to yon, Helene. There is something shadowy in your mind which seems to come between us. I don't know what it is or I would dispel it Tell me, dear, won't you give me a chance V She yielded her other hand to his impatient fingers, and looked down all him wistfully. Yet there was something in her paze which he could not fathom. Of onethinghewas very sure; there was a little tendemesB shining out of her dark brilliant eyes, a little regret, a little in decision. On the whole he was hopeful, 'Dear,' she said softly, 'perhaps I do care for you a little. Perhaps — well sometime in the future what you are thinking of might be possible; I cannot say. Something apart from you has happened whioh has changed my life. You must let me go for a little while. But I will promise you this, the entanglement of which you spoke shall be broken off. I will have no more to do with that man.' He sat upright. 'Helene/' he said, 'you are making me very happy. But there is one thing which I must ask you and which you must forgive me for asking. This entanglement of which you speak has nothing to do with Mr. Sabin ? 'Nothing whatever,' she answered promptly. 'How I Bhould like to tell you everything ! But I have made a solemn pro mise and I must keep it. My lips are sealed. But one thing I should like you to . under stand, in case you have ever had any doubt about it. Mr. Sabin is really my uncle, my mother's brother. He is engaged in a great enterprise, in which I am a necessary figure. He has suddenly become very much afraid of you.' 'Afraid of me !' Wolfenden repeated. She nodded. 'I ought to tell you, perhaps, that my marriage with someone else is necessary to ensure the full success of his plans. So you see he has set himself to keep us apart' ' The more you tell me the more bewildered I get,' Wolfenden declared. ' What made him attack me just now without any warning ; surely he did not wish to kill me ?' Her hand within his seemed to grow colder. ' You were imprudent,' she said. 'Imprudent. In what way?' ' You told him that you had sent for Mr. C ? to come and go through your father's papers.' * What of it?' 'I cannot tell you any more !' Wolfenden rose to his feet ; he was still giddy, but he was able to stand. 'All that he told me here was a tissue of lies, then. Helene, I will not leave you with such a man. You cannot continue to live with him.' 'I do not intend to,' she answered. 'I want to get away. What has happened to day is more than I can pardon, even from him. Yet you must not judge him too harshly. In his way he is a great man and he is planning great things which are not wholly for his advantage. But he is unscrupulous. So long as the end is great he believes himself justified in stooping to any means.' Wolfenden shuddered. 'You must not live another day with him,' he exclaimed ; 'you will come to Deringham Hall. My mother will be only too glad to oome and fetoh you. It is not very cheerful there just now, but anything is better than leaving you with this man.' She looked at him curiously. Her eyes were soft with something which suggested pity, but resembled tears. 'No,' she said, 'that would not do at all. You must not think, because I have been living with Mr. Sabin that I have no other relations or friends. I have a very great many of both, only it was arranged that I should leave them for a while. I can go baok at any time. I am altogether my own mistress.' 'Then go back at once,'' he begged her feverishly. ' I could not bear to think ofyou living here with this man another hour. Have your things put together now and tell your maid. Let me take you to the station. I want to see you leave thiB infernal house and this atmosphere of cheating and lies when I do!' Her lips parted into the ghost of a smile. ' I have not found so much to regret in my stay here,' she said softly. He held out his arms, but she eluded him gently. 'I hope,' he said, 'nay, I know that you will never regret it Never ! Tell me what you are going to do now f 'I shall leave here this afternoon,' she said, 'and go straight to some friends in London. Then I shall make new plans or rather set myself to the remaking of old ones. When I am ready I will write to you. But remember, again, I make no promise.' He held out his hands. ' But you will write to me ?' She hesitated. ' No ; I shall not write to you. I am not foing to give you my address even ; you must e patient for a little while.' '* You will not go away ? You will not at least leave England without seeing me '!' ' Not unless I am compelled,'' she promised, 'and then if I go I will come back again or let you know where I am. You need not fear ; I am not going to slip away and be lost. You shall see me again.' Wolfenden was dissatisfied. ' I hate letting you go,' ho said. 'I bate all this mystery. When one comes to think of it I do not even know your name. It is ridiculous. Why oannob I take you to London, and we can be married to-morrow. Then t should hare the right to proteot you against this blackguard.' She laughed softly. Her lips were parted in dainty curves and her eyes were lit with merriment 'How delightful you are,' she exclaimed. 'And to think that the women of my country call you Englishmen slow wooers !' 'Won't you prove the contrary?' he begged. She shook her head. ' It is already proved. But if you are sure you feel w€ll enough to walk please go now. I want to catoh the afternoon train to London.' He held out his hands and tried once more to draw her to him, but she stepped backwards laughing. 'You must please be patient,' she said, ' and remember that to-day I ant betrothed to —somebody eke. Good-bye 1' Chapter XXXIII. Wolfenden, for perhaps the firat time in hfe life, chose the inland road home. He was still feeling faint and giddy, and the fresh air only partially revived him. He walked slowly and rested more than' once. It took him almbBt half an hour to reach the oross roads. Here he aat on a stile for a few minutes, until he began to feel himself again. Just as he was preparing to resume 'his walk he was aware of a carriage being driven rapidly towards him along the private road from Deringham Halt. He stood quite still and watched it The roads were heavy after muoh rain, and the mud was leaping up into the .sun shine from the flying wheels, bespattering the carriage and reaching even the man who sat upon the box. The horses had broken into a gallop— the driver was leaning forward whip in hand. He knew at onoe whose car riage it was— it was the little brougham whioh Mr. Sabin had brought down from London. He had been up to the hall, theni Wolfen den'a face grew stern. He stood well out in the' middle of the road. The horses would have to be checked a little at the sharp turn before him. They would probably Bhy a littlp, seeing him stand there, in the centre of the road: he would be able to bring them to a standstill. So he remained there motionless. Nearer and nearer they came. Wolfenden set his teeth hard and forgot his dizziness. They were almost upon him now. To his surprise the driver was making no effort to check his galloping horses. It eeemod im possible that they could round that narrow corner at the pace they were going. A froth of white foam was on their bits, and their eyes were bloodshot They were almost upon Wolfenden before he realised what was happening. They made no attempt to turn the corner which he was guarding, but flashed straight past, him along the Cromer-road. Wolfenden shouted and waved his arms, but the coachman did not even glance in his direotion. He caught a glimpse of Mr. Sabin's face as he leaned back amongst the cushions, dark, satyr-like, forbidding. The thin lips seemed to part into a triumphant smile, as he saw Wolfenden standing there. It was all over in a moment The carriage, with its whirling wheels, was alteady a speck in the distance. Wolfenden looked at his watch. Tt was five and twenty minutes to 1. Mr. Sabin's purpose was obvious. He was trying to catch the 1 o'clock express to London. To pursue that carriage was absolutely hopeless. Wolfen den set his face towards Deringham Hall and ran steadily along the road. He was filled with vague fears. The memory of Mr. Sabin's smile haunted him. He had suc ceeded. By what means ? Perhaps by violence ! Wolfenden forgot his own aching head. He was filled only with an intense anxiety to reach his destination. If Mr. Sabin had so much as raised his hand he should pay for it. He understood now why that blow bad been given. It was to keep him out of the way. As he ran on, his teeth clenched, and his breath ooming fast, he grew hot with passionate anger; He had been Mr. Sabin's dupe. Curse the man. He turned the final' corner in the drive, climbed the steps, and entered the hall. The servants were standing about as usual. There was no sign of anything having happened. They looked at him curiously, but that might well be owing to his dishevelled condition. 'Where is the admiral, Groves?' he asked breathlessly. 'His lordship is in the billiard-room,' the man answered. Wolfenden stopped short in his passage across the hall and looked at the man in amazement. 'Where?' 'In the billiard-room, my lord,' the man re peated. 'He was enquiring for you only a moment ago.' Wolfenden turned sharp to the left and entered the billiard-room. His lather was standing there with his coat off and a cue in his hand. Directly he turned round Wolfen den was aware of a peculiar change in his face and expression. The hard lines had vanished, every trace of anxiety seemed to have left him. His eyes were soft and as clear as a child's. He turned to Wolfenden with a bland smile, and immediately began to chalk his cue. 'Come and play me a game, Wolf,' he cried out cheerfully. 'You'll have to give me a few, Fra so out of practice. We'll make it a hundred, and you shall give me twenty. Which will you have, spot or plain ?' Wolfenden gulped down his amazement with an effort. 'I'll take plain,' he Baid. 'It's a long time, isn't it, since we played?' His father faced him for a minute, and seemed perplexed. 'Not so very long, euroly I Wasn't it yesterday, or the day before ?' ? Wolfenden wondered for a moment whether that blow had affected his brain. It was years since he had seen the billiard-room at Dering ham Hall opened. I don't exactly remember,' he faltered. 'Perhaps I was mistaken. Time goes so quickly.' 'I wonder,' the admiral said, making a cannon and stepping briskly round the table, 'how it goes at all with you young men who do nothing. Great mistake to have no profes sion. Wolf 1 I wish I could make you 6ee it' 'I quite agree with you,' Wolfenden said. 'You must not look upon me as quite an idler, though. I am a full-fledged barrister, you know, although I do not practice, and I have serious thoughts of Parliament' The admiral shook his head. ' Poor oareer ! My boy, poor career for a gentleman's son. Take my advice and keep out of Parliament I am going to pot the red. I don't like the red ball, Wolf. It keeps looking at me like— like that man. Ah!' He flung his cue with a rattle upon the floor of inlaid wood and started back. ' Look, Wolf !' he oried. ' He's grinning at me ! Come here, boyl Tell me the truth ! Have I been tricked ? He told me that he was Mr. C ? , and I gave him everything ! Look at his face, how it changes ! He isn't like C ? now ! Ho is like, who is it he is like ? C ? 's face is not so pale as that, and he does not limp. I seem to remember him, too! Can't you help me? Can't you see him, boy?' He had been moving backwards slowly. He was leaning now against the wall, bis face blanched and perfectly bloodless, his eyes wild and the pupjls dilated. Wolfenden laid bis cue down and came over to his Bide. ' No, I can't see him father,' he said gently. ' I think it must be fanoy ; you have been working too hard.' 'You are blind, boy, blind,' the admiral muttered. 'Where was it I saw him last? There were sands— and a burning Bun— his Bhot went wide, but I aimed low and hit him. He oarried himself bravely. He was an aristo crat and he never forgot it But why does he call himself Mr. C. ? ? What has he to do with my work?' Wolfenden choked down a lump, in his throat. He began to surmise what had happened. ' Let us go into the other room, father,' he said gently. 'It is too cold for billiards.' The admiral held out his arm. He seemed suddenly weak and old. Bib eyes were dull and he was muttering to himself. Wolfenden led him gently from the room and upstaire to his own apartment There he made an exouse for leaving him for a moment and hurried down into the library. Mr. Blatherwiok was writing there alone. 'Blatherwick,' Wolfenden exclaimed, 'what has happened this morning? Who has been here f Mr. Blatherwick blushed scarlet 'Miss Merton called and a gentleman with her from the Home Office, I b—b— believe.' ' Who let him into the library ?' Wolfenden asked sternly. Mr. Blatherwiok fingered his collar, as though he found it too tight for him, and appeared generally uncomfortable, 'At Mfis Merton't request Lord Wolfen den,' he said nervously. 'I allowed him to come in. I understood that he had been sent for by her ladyship. I trust that I did not do wrong.' 'You are an ass, Blatherwiok,' Wolfenden' exclaimed angrily. 'You seem to enjoy lending yourself to be the tool of swindlers and thieves. My father has lost his reason entirely noiw/and it ia your fault Yon had bettor leave here at onoe. Yon are altogether too credulous for this world.' . v ':, Wolfenden strode away towards hfe mother1!) room* but » cry from u^to^ !Ure0^-h]s '??'? ????': :i' ''?/??'?'.?^'??'Xf'. ' -.?.'??' \''i-'-d^':?(ti!&:&iify;&&M;'&:. steps. Lady .Denngham and he met outside his father's door and entered the room to gether. They came face to face with the ? admiral. ? . 'Out of my waV' he cried furiously. 'Come with me, Wolf ! We must follow him. I must have vay papers baok, or kill him. I have been dreaming. He told me that he waa C ? . I gave him all he asked for. We must have them back. Merciful Heavens ! if he publishes them we are ruined. . . . Where did he come from? . , . They told me that he was dead. . . Has he crawled back out of Hell ? I shot him once I He has never forgotten it This ib his vengeance 1 O, God I He sank down into a chair. The perspira tion Btood out in great beads upon his white - forehead. He was shaking from head to foot Suddenly his head dropped in the act of further speech, the words died away upon his lips. He was unconscious. The countess knelt by his side and Wolfenden stood over her. 'Do you know anything of what has happened ?' Wolfended asked. ' Very little, '^jshe whispered ; 'somehow, he —Mr. Sabin— got into the library and the shock sent him— like this. Here is the doctor.' Dr. Whitlett was ushered in. They all three looked down upon the admiral and the doctor asked a few rapid questions. There was cer tainly a great change in hie face. A strong line or two had disappeared— the countenance was milder and younger. It was like the face of a child. Wolfenden was afraid to see the eyes open— he seemed already in imagination to picture to himself their vacant, unseeing light Dr. Whitlett shook his head sadly. ' I am afraid,' he said gravely, 'that when Lord Deringham recovers he will remember nothing. He has had a severe shock, and there is every indication that his mind has given way.' Wolfenden drew his teeth together savagely. This, then, was the result of Mr. Sabin's visit Chapter XXXIV. At about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, as* Helene was preparing to leave the lodge, a telegram was brought in to her from Mr. Sabin. ' I have succeeded and am now en route for London. You had better follow when con venient, but do not be later than to-morrow.' She tore it into small pieces and hummed a tune. ' It is enough,' she murmured. ' I am not ambitious any longer. I am going to London, it ia true, my dear uncle, but not to Kensing ton. You cap play Richelieu to Henri and my cousin, if it pleases you. I wonder ? ' Her face grew softer and more thoughtful. Suddenly she laughed outright to herself. She went and sat down on the couch where Wolfenden had been lying. 'It would not have been simpler,' she said to herself. ' How like a man to think of such a daring thing. I wish — I almost wish — I had consented. What a delightful sensa tion it would have made ! Cecile will laufrh when I tell her of this. To her I have always seemed ambitious and ambitious only. , - and now I have found out that I have a heart only to give it away ! Helas !' There was a knock at the door. A servant entered. ' Miss Merton would be glad to know if you could spare her a moment before you left, Miss,' the man announced. Helene glanced at the clock. ' I am going very shortly,' she said. ' She had better oome in now.' ? The man withdrew, but returned almost im mediately, ushering in Miss Merton. For the first time Helene noticed how pretty the girl was. Her trim, dainty little figure was shown off to its utmost advantage by the neat tailor gown she was wearing, and there was a bright) glow of color in her cheeks. Helene, who had no liking for her uncle's typewriter and who had scarcely yet spoken to her, remained standing, waiting to hear what she had to say. 'I wanted to see Mr. Sabin,' she began. ' Can you tell me when he will be baok ?' 'He has gone to London,' Helene replied. ' He will not be returning here atalL' The girl's surprise was evidently genuine. ' But he said nothing about it a few hours ago,' she exclaimed. ' You are in hiB confi dence, I know. This morning he gave me something to do ! I was to get Mr. Blather wick away from the hall and keep him with me as long as I could. You do not know Mr. BJatherwick ? Then you cannot sympathise with me ! Since 10 o'clock I have been with him. At last I could keep him no longer. He has gone back to the hall. ' Mr. Sabin will probably write to you,' Helene said. 'This house is taken for another fortnight and you can of course re main here, if you choose. You will cer tainly hear from him within the next day or two.' Miss Merton shrugged her shoulders. 'Well, I shall take a holiday,' she declared. 'I've finished typing all the copy I had. Haven't you dropped something there?' She stooped suddenly forward and picked up a locket from the floor. ', Is this yours ?' she asked. ' Why ? ' She held the locket tightly in her hand. Her eyes seemed rivetted upon it It was very small and fashioned of plain gold, with a coronet and letter on the face. Miss Merton looked at it in amazement . ' Why, this belones to Wolf —to Lord Wol fenden, she exclaimed. Helene looked at her in cold surprise. ' It is very possible.' she said. 'He was here a short time ago.' Miss Merton clenched the locket in her hand as though she feared for its safety. ' Here 1 In this room V 'Certainly. He called to see Mr. Sabin and remained for some time.' ~ Miss Merton was a little paler. She did not look quite so pretty now. ' Did you see him ?' she asked. Helene raised her eyebrows. 'I scarcely understand,' she said, 'what business it is of yours. Sinoe you ask me, however, I have no objection to telling you that I did see Lord Wolfenden. He remained some time with me after Mr. Sabin left' 'Perhaps,' Miss Merton suggested with acidity, 'that was why I was sent out of the way.' Helene looked at her through half-closed eyes. 'I am afraid,' she said, 'that you are a very impertinent young woman. Be so good ?_ as to put that looket upon the table and leave ' ' the room.' ?' ?, The girl did neither. On the contrary, she slipped the looket into the bosom of her gown. 'I will take care of this,' she remarked. Helene laid her hand upon the bell. ? . 'I am afraid,' she said, 'that you muBt be unwell. I am going to ring the bell. Perhaps you will be good enough to place the locket on that table and leave the room.' Miss Merton drew herself up angrily. 'I have a better claim upon the looket . ' than anyone,' she eaid. 'I am seeing Lord ' , /. Wolfenden constantly. I will give it to him.' . ?* Thank you, you need not trouble,' Helens answered, ' I shall send a servant with it to Deringham HalL Will you be good enough to give it to me V Miss Merton drew a Btep backwards and shook her head. 'I think,' she said, 'that lam more ooa earned in itthan you are, for I gave it to him.* * 'You— gave it to him?' Miss Merton nodded. ' 3 \ «- - , : 'Yeis. lfyoudoB*tl-el»TO^anw|ookbe».* . ' She flrew the locket tarn *«r bosom tot holding it out *ouohW%ipfr* - Tbe» wuft * ,.? ; ' small miniature inside. Helene, leaning over* reoognised it at once. It was a likenesB of the girl herself. She felt the color leave her cheeks, but she did not flincb. 'I was not aware,' ehe said, 'that you were on such friendly terms with Lord Wolfen den.' The girl smiled coldly. 'Lord Wolfenden,' ah* mM, MhM been very kind to me,' 'Perhaps,' Helene continued, 'I ought not to ask, but I must confess that you have surprised me. Is Lord Wolfenden— your lover ?' Miss Merton shut up the locket with a click and returned it to her bosom. There was no longer any question as to her retaining is. She looked at Helene thoughtfully. 'Has he been making love to you?' she asked abruptly. Helene raised her eyes and looked at her. The other girl felt suddenly very insignificant. 'You must not ask me impertinent ques tions,' she said calmly. 'Of course you need not tell me anything unless you choose. It is for you to please yourself.' The girl was white with anger. She had not a tithe of Helen's self-control, and she felt that she was not making the best of her oppor tunities. ? 'Lord Wolfenden,' she said slowly, 'did promise to marry me once. I was his father's secretary, and I was turned away on his account. ' 'Indeed !' There was a silence between the two women. Miss Merton was watching Helene closely, but she was disappointed. Her face was set in cold, proud lines, but she showed no signs of trouble. 'Under these circumstances,' Helene said, 'the locket certainly belongs to you. If you will allow me I will ring now for my maid. I am leaving here this evening.' '1 should like,' Miss Merton said, 'to tell you about Lord Wolfenden and myself.' Helene smiled languidly. ' You will excuse me, I am sure,' she said. ' It is scarcely a matter which interests me.' Miss Merton flushed angrily. She was at a disadvantage and she knew it. 'I thought that you were very much in terested in Lord Wolfenden,' she said spite fully. 'I Have found him much pleasanter tlian the majority o? Englishmen.' 'But you don't care to hear about him—1 from me !' Miss Merton exclaimed. Helene smiled. 'I have no desire to be rude,' she said, 'but since you put it in that way I will admit that you are right.' The girl bit her lip. She felt that she had oniy partially succeeded. This girl was more than her match. She suddenly changed her tactics. 'Oh! you are cruel,' she exclaimed. 'You want to take him from me. I know you do. He promised — to marry me — before you came ! He must marry me ! I dare not go home !' ' I can assure you,' Heleno said quietly, ' that I have not the faintest desire to take Lord Wolfenden from you — or from anyone else. I do not like the conversation at all, and ; I do not intend to continue it. Perhaps, if j you have nothing more to say, you will go to j your room ; or, if you wish to go away, I will ! order a carriage for you. Please make up your mind quickly.' Miss Merton sprang up and walked towards the door. Her pretty face was distorted with ] anger. i 'I do not want your carriage,' she said. 'I am leaving the house, but I will walk.' 'Just as you choose, if you only go,' Helene murmured. She was already at the door, but she turned back. 'I can't help it,' she exolaimed. 'I've got to ask you a question. Has Lord Wolfenden asked you to marry him?' Helene was disgusted, but she wa« not hard hearted. The girl was evidently distressed ; it never occurred to her that Bhe might not be in earnest. She herself could not understand such a lack of self-respect. A single gleam of pity mingled with her contempt. 'I am not at liberty to answer your ques tion,' she said coldly, 'as it concerns Lord Wolfenden as well as myself. But I have no objection to telling you this. I am the Princess Helene of Bourdon, and I am betrothed to my cousin, Prince Henri of Ortrens ! So you see that I am not likely to marry Lord Wolfenden ! Now, please go away at once !' Miss Merton obeyed. She left the room literally speeohless. Helene rang the bell. 'If that young person— Miss Merton I think her name is — attempts to see me again before I leave, be sure she is not admitted,' ehe told the servant. The man bowed and left the room. Helene was left alone. She sank into an easy chair by the fire and leaned her head upon her hand. Her self-control was easy and t&agnificent;, but now that she was alone her face had softened. The proud little mouth was quivering. A feeling of uneasiness, of utter depression, stole over her. Tears stood for a moment in her eyes but she bruBhed them fiercely away. 'How could he have dared?' she murmured. 'I wish that I were a man. After all, then, | it must be ambition.' (To be continued.) 