A Thumping Easter. AN ORIGINAL STORY OF EASTERTIDE. (COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE. (WBITTEN- TTOB 'THE BEtfBBEE' BY I..VNCELOT BOOTH.) ' ? _ ^ *^ff 'WVVS liiiili rioon ^S(^S%|%^ **W wnr(jB th0 middle ^'^^srin^^S^ °f Mured that g8jT V tliroo 'inmi wero «| J- u campo'd'on .tho aM A in tho farWoct ?«P'Wm ) /A of Now Soulli hniioftt.li tho sluidos of an ororliaiiK'ni; took, sinokiiR. It wiis, not difficult to ruobs tlmfcthey. wore out (urvoyinK— thoir 'horsed, throa laddie nnd two puck, woro Jiobbloa or lotherod roar, and tho usual pnrapnornalin,, pE niirvoy'woro diuposud about. Tliia rivisr had to 60 bridtfod, and tho party wore riunpinj/ at this particular spot taking. l«v«ls ind othor inousurumonta absolutely mdispVnsablo to tho, direction oE . a pro Jcotc'lrftilway routo. '.??-. i'j'ia nameH of tho tiirco lotfnirers were Thooas Griiluun (fchn leiidor), John Qas coiiO'. and VVifliam Gibson, and they wore fcnewn to othor officials in tho same pro fcsiionas tin. '? G ' Birfcy, from ? tlit* fact tlu't pnch surniimo coiuiubnced.'. with tho lerorith lettor of the alphabet. Among tVowsolvos thuy woro 'Tom, Jii'ck, and, Jill,' though tho two laltor :pqrsoiiaj;os iflun varied it, according to uircunistaiicoR, liy uddrassiiiKToin as,' Sir' or '?Graham.' /|Por though discipline may' bo rulii.-bd, / nfc times, in tho bush as on tho son, it / umst bo mainlaiiiod; and tho bond of an ' oxplprinc paicj, or the cuptiyii (jf a ship, is Buldbin treated with vulgar familiarity by liis Hubordinatos in tho'on'e cusp, or by his crew in tho other. ? . ' . ' . . , Tom Graham wns a sliin-built follow of pbout 30 years of age; of refined appearance, nnd with delicately-formed features. Ono could at once comu to tho conclusion that lie had been 'wollbred.' Jack was a piodiuui - sized, bowliiskerod , man, some years older, and us for Bill, he. mm a big, broad-shouldered man, who would have. ►luiOBt weighed dswujho scale against the ptlior two combined. ~* . 'Tom' Graham was reserved, witli a qniot lrumor ; ' Jack ' Gascoigno was inciitfod to bo hasty in tompor j and 'Bill' Bibaon, of a dull understanding. 'was' '.hs, Jiiji- heartod, bluff and uiorry as he was. physically proportioned. ? The trio woro lyinir strotche'd out on' the sloping -bank much like tho section of a jarriiro wheel,' with their feet as' spokes towards the centre— arid that co'ntro was | the remains of a1 fire which still, as tho logs wero .'consumed, presented'' an ever changing object to tlioir gaze as they lay Mid pulled and watched tho vagaries of f.hoir own pipo 'smoke and that which Intermittently arose from tho fire.. Liko jhildr'en looking into a cinder-glowing i;rato they 'stared at tho kaleidoscopic changes, each busy with his own thoughts. Force of habit makes a man pub* his fe--t lo the fire in tho bush — no matter how hot tho day may bo — in the same way that an Englishman, in a hoated room, will stand on tho heftrth-rii» and lift his coat tails to rocoivn tho extra warmth from a polished, voal-scuttlo-furiiishod grato. 'That beggar 'Cmsar' ought to bo- back by this timo, Mr.- Graham. I wish you'd ha' lot me gone.' Jack was tfio spoakoj. 'No,' replied Tom, as ho removed his pipo to speak. ' Ho caunot possibly bo buck boforo sundown, if then ; it's a good twenty miles to B ? ,'and h'o'sjjot no misy ob to strike our marks from the track that hits tho main road to where tho cutting/ willliavo to bo.. Ciesar will bo all right.' '6Y1, no doubt,' retorted Jack, ?' but I could ha' bean there and back again in half tlio titno.'. . ' ?..'.'?'. 'I don't think bo; ho has his own horse, »ud the pack, thoro are tho lotfora to get, thii supplies to look after atijl loud— in fact, [ think i ou'ght to have sont Bill with him, he's biff enough to have, carried some, Indeed all, of this sundries.' .Bill laughed heartily, and Jack smiled at : the idea. 'Well, Tom,' ssvid Jack, ' anyhow you (night ha' let mo go with Caisar.' .'Couldn't-trust you. Jack ; and, besides, ho might havo boon in' the' way of (after a pause and a puff) your attentions to— ' 'Molly Bradshaw, at th/- Drover's A'ruiR,' .put in Bill, with a big guffaw that caused tho parrots, quiofc in thoir noonday Icufy shade, to tweot and tnrit and flutter » littlo extwv. Tom Graham laughed quietly, nut Jack Gascoigho shifted his position in a restless .fashion, and stigmatised Bill as an ' adjoa ^tivo fool,' at which Bill laughed ?uproariously, aird coughed, to thedotrimoiit Vat his smoke. Thou a piui90 ensuod and' tb'ero was silenco. The Cipsar alluded to was none other than that nocossary functionary of a survoy party, tho cook. Jloroover.'he was of .an Ethiopian origin, and it EoeQuiod to, be an established rule, somoliow, to rechristou goNtlomen of color imported from Africa with such historic names as Alcibiades, ionophon, and thn. lik'o, with a littVo epi-mldiug of a vastly difl'nront charactsr,' bucIi as Snowllako, Midnight, with woful incongruity: Cicsar had been cook aboard (hip aud in ' hash ' houses in Sydney, and* though his naino in tho Statos was Jerry, or Jeremiah Johnson, bo had como to be known Bomehow as Mr. Qcosur, and ho preferred it. . It was tliis - merry, big' nogro who1 had beon despatched by t'he chief to B-j — the llay boforo. to gat letters and supplies, and Jack's iiupationco at tho non-return of tho darkoy was 'enhanced by: tho chafuug ho got from Bill for his ind'ifforonfc cooking. . There was a!broak in the dialoguo, and Graliaui,-h.aving fiuishod his ' smoke,' sat miand looktfd around tho contour 'of tho ground, ?audt at'.thf- rivor, bor'dorodon.tho opposite side by ir' sloping precipitous boulder-strewn banl;, culmimitiuc in a' tummit'of frowning jrock; 'Then. ho. took out a nofu-book and mused ovcJr his piiilcula tions. ?? .?;;? ;:? ;, ' ? .?? ? ?: ? ;??..', .'??' ? ?., . 'What's to-day f.^uddonly enquirod1 Dill, ns ho shook the ashes from his pipe. /'Blast if I know,' said. Jack: . ' Seems nidro liko Sunday- than- any other/ 'cause wo'vo doue no' work. What's to-day, Tom ?'? ' ' Why, Sunday1, of courso' ; but I don't Dnvctly know'-tho date of tho nionth. X lost my almana6'1it the creels, at the flve luilo mark.', Lot mosee'— looking at, his notos — ' it's ten days ago — '^Thursday , ;3Iarcli 31— ayo tljat'sjfc, that's the dato iwhnn wo camped thoro, 'it was n. Thursday, nnd, tho last day of the mouth ; tho next day 'wo got a iiottlo'of brandy and Borne cofTuo from the bullock team j that was .the first ,day of April, and' Jack, yibre, was lii'ndi* a' fool of by tlio drivor.' . 'Aye,' laughed Bill; 'ha ha; it wasn't bad for a bullock driver .to send a fellow scouting into tho bus,U uftor a black1 . knnparoo. Ha, ha 1' ? ' I dontt know but what .there might bo Hack or blacjc and white kangaroos, just like rabbits,' retortod Jack; nettled at^the '/teoolleution, 'thoio are black cockatoos,' / ffliy not blnck kangaroos ?' / . ' Wfien's Enstor f ' quoried Bill. / 'Ah! By -Jove.' ..-I;' forgot all about Enstor. Whou^is Easter this year?' niii9c.d Tom Graham, ' Confound tho loss ottlrtit almanac!'' ' ' '. Hut you can toll if you'vo got the dates of tlio month, cau't vou.Ijobb r'^iaid^BiU, ' Well, no— and yes. You see, Bill, Easter is not liko Oh'ristmas Day — that never shifts. Easter is a moveable foaet — it's never the samp, two yuars running. Lot mo 600, EnstUr Sunday is tho first Sun day after tho first f ull- iuoou after tho 21st M.arch.7- . 'Tho first Sunday after what?' quoried Bill. Tom rapoatod tho formula, and addod 'Well, March 21 is past, and hum; mo if I know when it was full moon — wo didn't see: the moon for clouds aud rain till last night, aud I never noticed how she was.' V';.. Bill worit on ropou'ting, iib though trying to get it into his head the direction to-Iix laiRter. 7 Tho first SUndivy after itho— lor! X novor could keep that iii'iny hoad.' 'You couldn't get it into your, thick ho'ad, lot atono kunp it there,' said Jack, glad to have a shot at his tormentor. 'Wo'd lmvo to thump it into you.' ; ' At Ui'ib Bill burst into laughter while ho looked comically at his two companions. The idea seemed too amusing. As if thoso two .medium, sized men, could possibly' thump him; bo could polish tile pair in a Htautl tip rough and tumble. 'Tlio first Sunday af tor— thump it iuto mo, eh ?— ha, ha, iiot l-ad '—and ho roso up,' put alog on tho fire, and 'said, ' Well I'll go down to the rivor for some water, and make a billy of ten, ha, ha, after the first full moon— aftor,/eb? AY.hat was the date — thump it into mu— hn, ha,' and ho went down tho bank wjuh tlio billy, repeating fragmentary bits. 'The firsc full moon after tlio UrBt Sunday— 110 that's not right — thump it into me. A line bIioit they'd stand agon inn who's stood up agon Jack Doyle and Phil Ocoudaci) — ono down tothor citmo up —ha; ha, ha.' Bill actually pitiod. Jack fsr making such a romark, though spoken only in just. ! ? 'That ido'a -of youro Jack soems. to tickle Bill,' said Tom Graham, as the giant (for Bill was really a remarkably big man) . stredo away. ?'? ' ? '''':? .: ' Yes, I reckon ho thinks we'd have all our work cut out to thump, him.' ^ ' AffcHt don't th'inkhe's far out.' Bill presontly returned; rathor'hurriedly, and his face woro a troubled look as he approached, his laugh was gone, too, and lie put down tlio billy scC'Imstily . that it capsized, and its contentsrwero spilled over the ground. Graham noticed tho scared look in Bill's broad, al way Bgoud-humorea face, and hastened to enquire for tho cause. '?? WJiy, Bill,' said bo, ' what's th« matter with you ? Soen.a bunyip or a ghost?' ''Worse, sir,' replied Bill, 'worse. I've ? Boon a .thunderiiig'big black snake, uud .what's more, I've felt him.'- Ifis two. companions uttnrod an excla mation— 'How! What! Been bitten ?': Bill wont'011. 'I was just lifting the billy full nut of the water beside a bit of a log when I felt a sharp, pricking sensation in my finger, and then I saw a big black Biiako. about'4ft long,1- wriggling across the river. Ho bad boon sunning himself on the log, no doubc, and I novor saw him.' Bill hold out the index finger of his right-, hand for Graham's inspection. Suro euough top and bottom were tho punctured marks of tho deadly bite. Graham sprang to his feet on tho iustaut. ' By jove,' cried he, 'there's no timo to be lost. Bill,' and ho picked up ti longth of strong cord. A moment sulllced to pass it tiglitly round Bill's wrist, and then Graham whipped out a knifo with many blados, and solectod one' 'with an edgo liko a lancet. Bill submitted mechanically, and Jack drew imar to assist, there was no resentment in Jack's mind now — coucoru for his mate's dungor was Uppermost there. , ' S toady, now Bill;' said Graham, '?' stoady old, man.' . ? ./ . ? j '^AVith a skilful movqmont tlio chief made ; two fairly deep cuts at right angles— a ci- oss iu fact, and laid back tlio flesh ex posing the bone. Bill didn't wince, but lie asked Jack to baud him his pipo. '.This Jack did, aud gave him a light at tho same time. ? ? '. '?.??' :. ? '.' ' ? : '%?.. ' Jack,' Baid Graham, 'I can't do— I've got a wound on my lip that time I wont a cropp'ur after the kangaroo. Will you suck? it?' . ?'? ???'??. '... ???„. 'Myoath,' was Jack's instant reply.and ho suited tho notion to thn word^that is of 'my oath ' implied : ' Yos, with all my- .hoart.' Jack sucked 'and spat, and -'spat and sucked tho maimed finger, tilt Graham said: 'That'll do. Jack, I thiuk you'll, drain old Bill dry if you don't watch it;' at which 'tlio patient made a rather sick attompt.. at a laugh, and Grahaih continued! 'Haug mo ? if I wasn't going to 'bring some strychnine and a syri'nge for injocting 'purposes the last timo X was down in Sydney in case of a thing of this sort happening. I jsaw an accqunt of where it had boon 'successfully used. But who cau rorosoo these mishaps ? It only shows how wo ought to. bo prepared foi-any contingency. ,Now Bili, old initu, sot your teeth, for I'm going to fire you',' and he drew a glowing iire»8£iek ' ' from' tho embers. Jack held .Mill's arm while Graham applied tho red hot wood to tlia raw Hosh, which fizzudand' hissed and gave -forth a Btrango odor of cooking. There was no signpr sound from tlho b'ig patienf, but the bowl of the pipe fell from his mouth ; ho had bitten through the stoiu. The cautorising process over, Graham bound up tho finger in a fashion 'that showed ho had had somo experience in that way, and Bill found his tongue. ? ' 'By jingo, sir, that was rod-hot and no mistake, Ghost! no wonder' cattle glay up when they get the branding irons on ,'ouii' ./, . .... . ?. ?: ? - , ''? 'Must bs done. Bill. You're not out 'of itlio wood yet, -lad.; Here, Jack^ hand out ',tbat brandy bottlOi' thoro -ought to bo' somo left.' ' '. ? Jaelc complied. . There was half a bottle, and Graliiuu filled a-panii-ikin and passed it to Biil, with the order 'to put it down his 'throat.'' Bill was very abstemious, and, 'throo.star brandy' was a thing, ho novor indulged in ;, but Graham insisted, and the ? big fellow swallowod ijr at. a gulp, and .Bhivorod' and made a grimace like a chidl .over his first tincture of rhubarb. ' Jack made up tho fire and took- tho empty billy down'to tho rivor to complete the taski which had bnon so disastrous t» Bill. On', his BOtumv the billy was hung.ovor'thefire, and'the throo'mon fell -into conversing of, isnakes and busli lifo. But Ijoth Graham ? and Jaek cast anxious glances at Bill now 'and' tlio'u, watohyig for ' anyt!unfavorable -symptoms. Aftor a lull in the talk Bill 'hurat out-laughing — 'I' can't ?' get that. Easter business out of niyshead-r-or into it , — tho first full raoonaftor the— no' tho fiustr Sunday— hang it— ha, lm.ha— and thbn toj' thump it iuto nio»r-funny, wasn't it? ' The billy boiled presently, and 'Jack, 'made some o£ that_ iadisp-onsable. bush bevorago'i-tea. ' Havo a pannikin, Bill f '. ,ho Bind. ' 'I don't mind.' ? Two minutos later Graham sprang to his fe»t, and wont over to Bill: 'Hero, Bill, nono'of that, old man j wake up!1 and he garo the. big fellow a nhaking.' Bill was getting drowBy^rtho -effo.et of tho. poison — and Graham knew that if he onco alopfc ho w'suld wake no more. ? 'All right1, sir,, all ri— ,' said Bill, rouslnp himsulf, onjy to rolnpse again tho next minuto. . ? ;: _^Hor.e, ?; Jack»'I orjetl .arflbnm. JlW«'H have to walk him about. Lend mo a hand' quick.' The two men got hold of their noighty mato, and with some difficulty got his balky form upon his feet. Thou, Blinking, pushing, Bhouting aud shoving, they began to walk him about, Bill oboyiug as in a droam, laughing in an inano manner, muttering, 'Tho first Sunday after — ha, ha I Thump away.' Ho seemed to bo quite unconscious of tho .good iutontions of his friends, aud obeyed instinctivoly; but he inado ono or two attempts to lio down, and had they relaxed thoir efforts ho would soon havo been in a sloop from which they could never havo roused him. Graham forced tho remainder of tho brandy down Bill's' throat, and tho two now alarmed men ronowed their efforts to kbop thoir mate awake. ? Ho — this groat hulking, staggering man— seemed amused at tho shaking and shoving ho got in his droamy condition ; and ho appeared to associato it with tho thumping nocossary for him to master tho Eascer problem, for ho muttored now and again with a chuckle : 'That's ri — ; tlhimp it into mo. Tho first Sunday full moon — ha, ha !' Graham took his cue from this, and eaid to Jack: '?Hang it; let's thump it into him Jack— the first Sunday after the first full moon aftor tho 21st March.' And ho forthwith started, and 'with \ n ; '.vigorous blow on Bill's chost he shouted: 'The first Sunday— : ' Aftor tho first !' cried Jack, on the opposite side, with ? powerful blow. '.Full moon!' responded Graham with a stinger. '??''.' 'Aftor tho twenty-firBt !' came from ? Jack ; and two blows to emphasise the date 'of March!' wound up Tom Graham, with a thump that mado even tho bulky Bill do a quickstep march for a couple of yards. Xn any other condition porhaps oren the nwoot-tempored Bill might have resentod snub usage, but it seemed to have no othor effect on liim at tho timo than to cause him amusoment and keep him awake, which was tho great dosideratum. 'HW, ha ! 'quoth he,' ;' that's right; thump it into mo. The fimt Sunday—ha, ?that's good! — full moon — oh ! damn it! — March'.' . ; ,'?.?.'. . \ And 60 thisiitrangoprocoduro went on till their exertions caused tho two thumpers to throw off thoir coats, for they wore bathed iii perspiration. Hut they did not relax their treatment, and it was . — ' The first .(thump) Sunday (thump) aftor tho first (thump) full moon (thump) nftor the twenty (thump) first (thump) of : March (thump — a big 0110, too). Backward and forward, in about tho longth of a cricket wicket, the trio paced, 'Bill, the centre figure, reeling from sidoto side an the punches woro administered with appropriate force. Tho very horses seemed to intelligently know that there was somo thing wrong because of the unwonted be haviour of their masters, and left off browzing to gaze with their largo mild dyes at tho exhibition. And so passed half an hour, an hour, an hour and a half, two hours, till tho inon wero becoming fairly exhausted ; but still tho work was Kept up, for the two opera ' tors felt that if they stoppod tho worst would ensuo. But for the binding,' cut- ting', sucking, and scarifying Bill would long boforo this have -beun beyond aid. Aud now the shadows of tho tall gumtroes woro growing longer, for the siin was getting low down.. 'Gor' amighty! What's up with thorn ? Applo sarco and earthquakes i f tho Boss and Misser Jack ain't n punchin' Bill. Shoo! How does ho stand it? The boss Blogging him on ono side. Jack on the other. Shoo ! They've got rats, sun); they can't ha' beon hoozin ; th«ro was only half a bottle of Honnossy loft.' Tho speaker, as tho roador may surmise, was tho returning Ctosar, the black cook, and had just coma in viow of tho camp and tho strange exhibition.' Ho was too far distant to hoar tho words that accompanied each blow, but h« could boo that thero was something uncommonly strango going on. Ho lost no time in urging on his horses, for he was mounted aud leading a pack, and soon reached tho pnramlmhvting trio. His appearance was most; wolcomo to 'Graham, and JncU, too, tlmugh tho latter with an oath stigmatised him as a loafing brute, who ought to have hurriud up. ' Shoo, Mihter Tom, what'B up? Gor' amighty, havo ybr all got snakes ?' ?'?',' That's it, Ctesar,' said Graham, and he rapidly related tho circumstances, all the time '.tn'uiiipin'f; and punching Bill without ' ceasing. ??''Hwro, ' CiDsiix, . you tako a hand at this game far I'm fairly knocked up.' , Cicsiir was a tall, powerful man. and had often put on the gloves with Bill, so ho took Graham's placa with alacrity, and his i-hlows were administered with much greater Ifprcn.*':. .?'? ??'? ?.'??' . ,? '?? :???? ?'.'? . . -'.: ' Did: ynu bring the brandy, Cajsar ?.'. '-/'Yes, Missor -Tom; it's iu the bag with the nowspapors.' -'i . . V ? Graham spoedily got at a bottle and broached, it, and: forced a .big draught down Bill's throat, taking a nip himself. : Jacknvns thoroughly knocked up, and ^Cn3*sar'said. ' Look here, Misser. Jack, you 'take a spell ; I'll manage Misser Gibson here, andOiavo a nip of brund'y, sail. You look sorter' playod put,' Nothing. loth. Jack retired, and Cmsar undertook singlohaudod tho task of keep ing Bill awake.. .??'??. 'Look ahore,; MisBor Bill, don't bo a dampliool. Ain't yor got no sonne ? Woll thetj.'tako thlit,'and ho dealt the patient a doughty blow on tho chest. Bill was staggered and wido awake 011 the instant So long as tho formula was being repeated by his mates with accompanying thumps he had stood it. ' The first .Sunday after the 'first full moon after tho. 21sb of March ' was. b«ing thumped into him ;' . but Ctosar . had no '. formula, ho was in tho position of-tho liuhappy intruder in the cavern. of the Forty Tliioves — ho had no fofipn B»samo.',' So wlipnhe hd monished Bill, iuid tliun dealt him such a powerful blow, that worthy.was thoroughly roused. Moreover, tho brandy — to which ho was unused- — had now not only .''over- come the little poison that had found its way into his veins, but it had attacked his brains, and Bill was Buddeuly in a fighting mood. To his disordered imagination Caisar passed for n foo .of tho Peter Jackson type; and ho hit tho genial negro have a Btingor right between tho eyes that sent the astonished cook Btiiggoring back. 'Shop ! ' cried Caisar, as ho wardod off another well-directed blow—' Shoo I Say; Missor'Gibson-^-I guess you're wide awake now.'' Ccesar was fully employed for several minutos in defending himaelf, till he became aggressive himself, and got ono or two heavy blows in on Bill. Tho two :other men Btood by' watching the combat with interest. Graham felt that the orjsis was past, and whispered to Jack to let them Havo itvrat. ? , . ? ' Bill now was thoroughly on his mottle, and followed tip his blows as he delivered them with i' the first ' Sunday — aftor— the Uratr-f,ull— moon— aftor— the— 21st— of— — March.' This continued for some time, till poor CtDsar was getting badly punished, and could not escape from tho encounter, so. Graham and Jack, intorferod and gradually brought Bill to reason and to a proper understanding. :,' As Graham had conoludod, the danger was past; the poison was mastered, nnd after another draught of brandy and a pannikin of tea, Bill porceptibly mended, though his mates kept a strict vigil during tho night. The hoxt morning, .'with tho exception of his wonnded hand, Bfll was iu hiS normal condition, eavo, pur haps, a bit of a headache, » 'I aay. Bill, said Tom Graham next morning, looking over tho newspapers that ? Ciosnr had brought, 'yesterday was tho first Sunday after the first full moon after 21st of March.' 'Lor*, was it P Then it was Easter 'Sunday.' .. ? 1 ' Ye»,''sttid Jaok| '»nd ion had ; it thttjninfidJutQ^Qii^.-. '? ' '?? , 