A MYSTERY: AT THE MORGUE. "rest, perturbed spirit." .11 was extremely com ana draughty In thu City Morgue this morning, and Coroner Candler established himself tuid Ids court in the comfortable room at the rear of the main building, which room Is usually set apart for juries to de liberate In. With a cheery fire burning, and windows and doors tightly closed, tho conditions were as pleasant as could be hoped for In the Morgue, oven although tlu mortuary was Just adjoin ing, But witnesses and others unaccus tomed to Inquests received n' rude shock oru they got nicely settled. Mr Candler was speaking, when suddenly a furious rattle shook the diior at the end leading Into the mortuary. All looked 'around apprehensively, und tho rattle was repeated, this time with fiercer In tensity. "Who's that rattling Y" demanded the disturbed Coroner. Henlor constable Davidson went to thu door opened It, uml found nothing. He had no sooner dosed it. however, than another rattle, more furious and sustiUmd than etui, shook the room and Its tK-cupunls. It was broad daylight, nut the time for ghosts or goblins, hut one affrighted per son sent, a whisper round— for wore not tho mortal habitations of possible ghosts hi the apartment on the other side of the door? Davidson made rviotlicr examination Into the mystery, n?d this time announced that It was the wind, hut the explanation wan received with sceptical looks by the timid, who moved as far away from the uncanny door uj possible. A "Herald" man subse quently set his Sherlock Holmes wits to work, and solved the mystery of the rattling#.'- The orderly's assistant huil merely licen striving to shut , a door alongside of that leading to the Jury room, ami the noises nnd tremblings had resulted therefrom. A bronze bnlfpohiiy Is exactly tin inch In diameter, ami therefore glve.4 uh a very convenient measure. Laid 011 an ilniiutucc map of tlu? Itteb scale, the halfpenny just covers JUKI acres. Tho directors of the London Mission ary Society have resolved to open a new mission In tho Chinese province of Itu- nan. Tin opening of this pro vince to foreigners, which Is expected in the near future, will render possible the accomplishments of an eptcrprlse long alined at by thu 'society's represen tatives iu Uau-ltau. 