TOWN TALK To-day'a issue of the " Advertiser consists of eight pages, or sixty-four oolums of matter. Our Melbourne letter, together with other matters of interest, -will be found on the first page of the paper. It is the intention of Mr H. B. Hig »ins, M.L.A., who took part in the pro ceedings of the Federal Convention as one of the Victorian delegates, to give an ad dress m Geelong at an early date on the Federal Constitution Bill. Mr Higgins was admittedly one of the ablest repre sentatives in the Convention, and is eminently qualified to explain, the fea tares of the Federal Bill. The forthcom ing address should therefore be of educa tional value to his hearers. The artificial lake in the botanical gardens which was placed there after the expenditure of a very large sum of money was, for a very long time, regarded as one of the beauty spots so attractive to visitors; it has, however, been so much neglected that at present it is a menace to the public health, through the accu- mulation of mud and filth and decayed vegetable matter, caused to a very large extent by the falling leaves from the trees for many years past. It is, there- fore, clearly the duty of the corporation, as custodians of the public health and welfare of the town, to see that the lake is properly cleaned out, and the stuff removed would make a good fertiliser or top dressing, and when this is done the means should be applied to have it again filled with fresh water, and having a larger capacity it would then remain full for some time; to do this it will be necessary to allow the storm water from the Drysdale-road to flow into it, and at the same time provide a valve to divert the household drainage during dry sea- sons. The proposed expenditure of £120 by the council merely for alteration of drainage is absurd if the lake is allowed to remain in its present filthy state and no freshet allowed to flow into it. The business corner which for some years past has gone under the name of Massingham's, will in future be known, as " Dickson's," the photographic studio having given way to the elaborately apoointed pharmacy of Mr T. A. Dicksou, who, until recently, earned on business lower dowu Moorabool-street. In his now premises, which have been utilised to the beat advantage, Mr Dicksonshould find scope for the further extension of , the business which he has established for himself in Geelong. It is doubtful if there is a place in which he could have brought his trade more directly under public notice than at the corner he now occupies. Fall opportunity is given for tho I display of a grand lot of glassware which has opportunely arrived from America, for the opening of the new premises. A | novel and most effective system of label l ling has been brought out in connection I with these American bottles. The labels inserted in a recess, are faced with glass, and thus made absolutely proof again3t obliteration by the washing of the bottles. A red background is distinctive of bottles containing poison, the danger of fatal mistakes in the selection of drugs being thus completely removed. Every con venience is at hand in the dispensing department, and the storage accommoda tion is most ample. Tho arrangements of the shelves and show cases contribute materially to the attractive appearance of the interior, and the spacious windows facing Moorabool and liyrie streets are to be employed to the best advantage for the display of perfumery and toilet requisites. Tho move made by Mr Dickson is one upon which he has been generally congratulated. The salt harvest at Point Henry this season has been a bountiful one, oyer 6000 tons being already stacked there. This quantity will be considerably in creased by the second crop now being taken from the pans, and haviug such an ample stock to work upon the proprietors intend to go in extensively for refining operations. 'A considerable number of men have found employment at the works in connection with tho harvest, and the refining of the salt should provide work of a permanent character. The plans of tho new premises of Strachan, Murray and Shannon Proprie tary at the corner of Moorabool-street and Corio-terrace provide for the en largement of the original cellarage accommodation, aud extensive excava tions are now in progress in connection therewith. Sida and pavementlights will be employed for the natural illumi nation' of the underground portion of tho : buildings, which will include a bonded 1 store, a diniug apartment for wool bnyers,_and a suite of offices. In view of the varied uses to which it is to be put special precautions have been taken to make the cellar perfectly damp proof. Tho deadly character of strychnine when retailed in its pure state has been demonstrated by a landholder in the Bellarine shire. He purchased half an ounce at a local chemist's, ana used it in a preparation for the extirpation of rabbits, with which his property was becoming infested. The modest half- ounce was productive of great mortality amongst the bunnies, no fewer than 1500 carcases being carted off the land, and hundreds of others were no doubt to bo found in the burrows. Tiie annual matches of the Western Swimming Club will take place this afternoon in the Western baths, and are open to the attendance of both sexes. The first race is timed to start at three o'clock. The leading swimmers of Mel bourne, Ballarat, and Geelong have entered for the several handicap events, and first-class racing should be witnessed. The principal open events comprise : 480 Yards Handicap, Scratch 100 Yards Kace, 200 Yards Ladies' Bracelet, and 160 Yards Handicap. The scratch 100 Yards Kace means virtually tho swim ming championship of Geelong for that distance, and it is likely to provide a most exciting struggle for supremacy. The complete staging erected in the baths is capable of seating 1000. The prices of admission are-Adults, Is; children, 6d. A desire to know his weight possessed a young man, named Charles Bishop, to such an extent yesterday that he bothered Mr Jas. Barwise, butcher, of Little Kyrie-street, with requests to hook him on to his s'eelyards, and thus satisfy his curiosity. Mr Barwiso was disposed to gratify his whim, in order to get rid of him, but Bishop becarno impatient at some delay in the preparations for the weighing operation, and made free use of some very bad language. He was put out of the shop, and this incensed him still further, and finally the services of Constable Moden were called into requisition. Bishop decamped on the appearance of the con stable, but ho was arrested whilst taking a short cut through a right-of-way, and a charge of using obscene language was preferred against him at the watchhouse. A very daring attempt made to enter a dwelling in Hope-street, Geelong West, at one o'clock on Thursday morning comes an a warning to householders to be particularly careful in making their premises secure at nighttime. The house which was visited clandestinely is occu pied by a Mr Huddlestone, a plasterer. The thieves succecded in opening the window of a bedroom by forcing back the catch, and ono/was gaining an entrance to the place through the open window when he accidentally dislodged a looking glass from a stand. The noise made by the full of the glass awakened Mrs Huddle stone, whose screams alarmed the housebreakers, and they decamped with out seeking to pilfer any valuables in the place. Mrs Huddlestone is under the impression that two men were concerned in tho affair. The following are the meteorological readings for yesterday :-Barometer, 30'00 ; maximum shade temparturo, 07 ; minimum, 50 ; maximum in sun, 135. The Burrumbeet cleared out from the Yarra-street wharf yesterday afternoon with a cargo of produce for Sydney and Newcastle. An exceptionally heavy supply of produce is lying on the Yarra street wharf awaiting shipment to Sydney, Newcastle and Queensland ports per the steamer Ashley, which is timed to arrive here this morning, and to depart in the evening. The steamer Eullara arrived in the bay late iu the afternoon and berthed at the Yarra-streot pier. She shipped a quantity of produce for Queens land ports. The last town band performance for the present season will be given in Johnstone Park on Tuesday evening next. A special programme has been prepared for the occasion, consisting of cinematograpl.e and dissolving views by Mr Alex. Gunu, popular songs by Mr E. J. Holden, and some choice selections of operatic music by the band. Tho tenders of the following have been accepted for food supplies to the Geelong Protestant Orphan Asylum durin" the ensuing three months : Bread, Geo. 'Moody; meat, J. "W. Branch ; groceries, 35. J. Hooper and Co. A quartette of drunks was presented before Messrs P. Smyth and W. B. Crisp, J's.P.. at the police court yesterday. Three of the bibulants, who came in from the country for a holiday, promised to quit the town and were discharged. The fourth offender, a man named David Calder, whose appearance indicated a long drinking bont* was remanded for a week on the application of Sergeant 1 Steel. An old man named Frank Elms, | who bad become a nuisance to the resi dents in South Geelong by his begging propensities, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment ou a charge of i vagrancy. A young man appeared on I remand charged with lunacy. Drs Car. stairs and Mueller recommended that the patient, whose mental powers were not fully restored, should be handed over to | the care of his father. The bench adop 1 ted this course. The civil business was confined to a case under the Instruments Act in which an order was made for the i amount claimed, £4 0s 6d, with A1 5s 6d costs. Mr A. H. Bowman appeared for the complainant. There was only a moderate attendance at the entertainment given last evening in the Sladen Hall, Chilwell, by the Enterprise Minstrel Company, consisting of a number of amateur performers. A varied prop^atume was submitted, mid tho audience was kept interested for over two bours. Songs and dances were capably rendered by several members of tho company, and a couple of farces caused hearty laughter. A neat exhi bition of club swinging was given by Master Norman ince. A popular item on the programme was a skipping rope dance by Miss Myrtle Parry, of Mel bourne. A portion of the proceeds is to be devoted to the funds of tho " Try ' Boys' Brigade. The Rev. John Reid's series oi lectnres 1 upon the four great tragedies of Shake speare has been selected by the University Extension Committee as the next course to bo delivered in Geelong. Very encouraging promises of -support have been received, and the moderate feo of 5s : for the six lectures will placo it within the power of many to enjoy what other centres have recognised to be a rare intellectual treat. At the meeting of the committee held yesterday, tho hon. sec. (Mr F. "W. D. Moore) was instructed to make the necessary arrangements for the course, and be is now prepared to receive the names of iutending subscribers. During tlio fortnight ended 10th March there were 470 cases of typhoid fever in the whole colony un4 3l deaths, as against 249 cases and nine 'deaths in tho corresponding period of tho previous year. A Sydney telogram to tho "Argus" says; ««An attempt w«s made to enter the Jorilderie branch of the Bank of New South "Wales early on Wednesday morning. About one o'clock Mrs Hitchins, tho wife of the manager, heard somebody lifting tho draw ingroom window. She aroused her husband, who, grasping his revolver, rushed into the drawingroom, and found tho window he had latched before retiring on tho previous night wide open. Tho burglars had do camped. They must have scaled tho fence in order to get into the hank, a# all tho gates wero locked." The Avoca correspondent of tho ' Argus writes : " During tho past few days some individual has been playing ghost, appearing at various places distant from two to four miles from the town.- Already five persons have seen the ' apparition,' which they report to be of tall stature, clothed in wluto, and with a long black beard. Ho issues suddenly from the darkness, and disappears by means of tremondous, leaps . and bounds. He is said to jump fences with the greatest of ease. Latterly travellers by tho roads in tie neighborhood referred to have taken to carrying firearms with a view of getting a shot at the spectre, but to far noohanoe has occurred." An Ararat message to tha " Age says: " Drought haft never been so devastating hero as at present. Nearly all dams and tanks are dry, and ehoep and cattle arc ben*g driven miles to the Hopkins and_ to Fiery Creek for water. At Ross's-bridgo and Wickliffe the shire counoil has made gravelled approaches to the water to obviate bogging of stock. Men with earth ecoops havo for weeks been employed by the *hiro council in cleaning up dried dams. At Elmhurst a well has been sunk and a pump rigged up to I supply the township with water. At Moyaton and the Mullock Bank old springs have been opened up and pumps supplied. There is a limited water supply in the town from Oliver's Gully, but this will be exhausted next week." _ Anniversary servicos in connection with the Aberdeen-street Baptist Sunday school will take place to-morrow, the preacher for the day being tho Rev. W. A. Whitney. Tho anniversary will be furthorcalebrated on Tuesday by a social, at which singintr, recitations, etc., will be given by the scholars. Tho 5Gth anniversary of the Yarra-street Weeleyan Sabbath school will bo celebrated to-morrow by special services, which are to be held in the Mechanics' Hall. Tha Rev. E. H. Sngden. M.A., Master of Queen's, will coniiust the morning and evening services, and the Rev. S. J. Hoban will officiate at the afternoon service at 3 o'clock. Special hymns for tho occasion aro to bo rendered by the scholars and choir. Tho annual Sunday sohool demonstration will be held on Monday evening, when a varied and entertaining programme will bo submitted. With the view of encouraging trade elapses, the council of the Gordon Technical College has deeided to re-introduco tho plumbing class, whioh, through several circumstances, was allowed to lapse this quarter. The class is to be uuder tho superintendence ol Mr It. Robinson, the well-known plumber, who is in every way qualified to impart tho benefit of his practical experience to students anxious to make themselvas proficient in the higher branches of plumbing. The college is well equipped with all tho i^ost modern appliancsin respect to plumbing, and tho class, which will start next quarter, should bo very successful under tho management of Mr Robinson. The police have been unable to trace tho whereabouts of tho bugpry, horse and harness belonging to Mr H. G. Mathews, livery stabiekecper, of Kardinia- street, and which were hire'd on Tuesday last for » couple of hours by a man who is described as of dark complexion, about 5ft Sin high, and some where near the ago of 45 years. The vehiolo has a silver-plated dashboard, and the owner describes it us a grand abbot hooded buggy, which was drawn by a biff upstanding horse. All the harness is branded " H.G.M." Mr Mathews will be pleased to hear from any porson who might have noticed a turnout answering the description given above being driven along any of tho ronds in the district. ,.r"A letter has bec-n received by the Premier from tho Agent-General stating that tho engineer of tho borough of Blackburn wished to purchase ICO,000ft of hardwood for street paving blocks, and that he desired a quota tion as early as possible for supplying that quantity of Victorian timber. The wood is to be in planks ready to be cut into blocks 9in long. Gin deep, and 3in wide. Saw millers who desire to make a quotation should at onco write to Mr Rogers, tho secretary to the Premier, giving a price for the shipment, 8ii that he can cable tlie information to Lon don. Tha purchaser of tho largo consignment of tinned salmon which has been declared unfit for human consumption by Dr Gray, of the Board of Health, has not yet completed his purchase, and is understood to be willing to forfeit his deposit of £3 or eo rather than go on with the bargain, whioh is likely to be auything but a bargain to him. One thing is certain, that if he proceed tho Board of Public Health will seize tho salmon. If ho do not proceed, the board will also scizo the salmon. Miss Charlotte Maskell, aged 21, was drowned in a dam on her father's land, near Tatura, yesterday. Tho deceased went out to bring in some cows, and as she did not return after a considerable time, a search was mado, and her body was found floating in tho dam. It is supposed that tho deceased was attempting to drive tho cows out of tho dam when she slipped in. _ Tho Oxford and Cambridge boatracc takes place to-day. Oxford bavowou 31 races and Cambridgo 22, the contest in 1877 resulting in a dead heat. Oxford havo been victorious in the last eight contests running. Mr Neil Campbell will sell on Wednesday, 20th April, at the Wool Exchaugo, completo wool scouring and felUnongery establishment. Messrs A. J. Young and Co. will offer for sale on Wednesday, April Gth, on the pre mises, a w.b. cottage and land, near the Great Westeru-road. Messrs Robinson, Burns and Sparrow will sell by public auction this day at tue Saleyards, Ryrie-street, at 12 o'clock, tho privileges in connection with the Inverleigh races, to be he!:l on Easter Monday. Messrs Hcndy. Lcaty and Co. (iu conjunc tion with Mr Neil Campbell) aro advertised to sell by auction on Wednesday next, on tho property, 12-roomed stone house, with all conveniences, together with 15 acres of rich agricultural land, tacing tho Moorabool River at Fyansford, as lutely occupied by Mr J. Stewart. Mr Neil Campbell, agent for the trustees of the lates Silas Harding, notifies that he will bo pleased to give particulars as to price, terms, etc., ot the unsold properties in tho estate. The National Division of the Sons of Tem perance will next week hold its annual session in Geelonj;, and in connection therewith tho local members havo made arrangements for overling -Meetings and a picnic to wind up with, so that the representatives from a distance may return home with pleasant memories of Gee long. Thero will be a monster temperanco meeting in tho Mechanics' Hall on luesday evening, a conversazione in the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Wednesday evening, a demonstration on Thursday evening by the Junior Sons and Daughters of Temperance, and to finish up a picnic to Portarlington by the steamer Excelsior on Friday morning. Friends of tem perance and the public generally are invited to attend the public meetings, for which good programmes have been provided, and the ad mission is free. Particulars appear in our advertising columns. Intending competitors for the equestrian, pedestrian and bicycle races to# he held on Easter Monday in connection with the North Shore Racing Club, are reminded that entries close next Friday evening with the secretary, Mr F. T. Sanders, at tho Exhibition Exchange. Already a number of entries aro to hand, and considering the liberal programme submitted, it is more than likely that the entry list will be considerably larger than last. Arrangements have been inade for the running of special trains to and from tbo courso at excursion rates. Tho committee will inspect tho ground this afternoon so as to havo it in first-class order for the racing. Mr W. P. C.irr will sell by auction, on the premises, at 2 o'clock to-day, a splendid pro perty in Yarra-street, near Fyans-strect, con sisting of three cottages on land having 100ft frontage by a depth of 60ft to a lane, by order of tho executors in the estate of the late Mr S. Ham. . Tho treasurer Geclong " Try " Boys' Bri gade gratefully acknowledges £1 Is from Mr Cbas. M. Poyntcr. Messrs Parker and Murphy intimate, by advertisement, that they arc now showing gent's suitings at popular prices. An advertisement appears elsewhere of interest to members of literary and elocutionary societies. '. Short speeches on local subjects was the syllabus item for last Monday^'s meeting of St. Mary's Young Men's Society, Messrs W. Caflrey, C. Walsh and W. Dobson expressing their views. The president strongly ropre hended the thoughtlessness of members .who had neglected to send apologies for failing to keep appointments. An international mining and industrial ex hibition is to bo oponed at Coolgardio ou September 1st. It is notified that space at tbo exhibition will bo charged for at tho rate of 2s per foot for floor, and Is for wall space. An announcement in roferenco to tho poly pathic system of treatment appears olsewlicro. Messrs Tombs and Durran invito tenders for brick additions to the Geolong Club, and for effecting improvements and additions to 11 Ingle wood," Malop- street. Messrs Sceley and King invito tenders, re turnable at 11 o'clock on Monday, tho 4th prox., for two semi-detached houses in Kil gour-street. . _ .. The rate collector for tho shire of Winchclsea will be in attendance at the local shiro hall from Tuesday to Thursday to receive payment of rates. , iit Messrs Laird and Barlow invite tenders until 12 noon on Wednesday, the 30th inst., for reinstating premises in Myers-street for Messrs C. E. Sach and Co. . , .. , Tenders are invited for works as advertiseu in the shiro of Corio. The annnal meeting of tho Nowtown Foot^ ball Club will be held in the Gold D^gora Hotel on Tuesday, tho 29tli inst., at S p.m. 