GOD BLESS THE MASTER OF THIS HOUSE. BY GEORGE B.. SIMS, Author of "Tales of To-Day," "How the Poor Live,"' "Drainas of Life," &c.; lt- ?vafs 5 o'clock on the evening ot IV ceinber:$4 when Mr. Augustus Tarboy, who had bden out marketing, arrived muddy and puffing in front of his residence, No. 21, Kav-street, Brunswick-squaiie. "Thank goodness!" said 3ilr. Tarboy. *Be it ever so hninbie there's no place like. home' "—especiailj- when you've n^de yourieTa W of burden, id vou're sixteen •sen i "owl uumcu., , . : stone by the Automatic Weighing Machine at -King's Cross Station, and there isn't a cab to -be had for love or money." Having of gratitude and its accompanying esplana-; tion, ,Mr, Tarboy steppe^ three paces back on thE.jpavement, and adnnpngly surveyed the.frtnt of his imuision from basement toi n>4, ... V , ' . l "Mine!" sajd Mr. Tarboy, mopping his! brow with his handkerchief. 'Mine—-all mine—mine and Maria s, God bless her!— and a home for any man to beL proud of. The blinds were already down all over the house. There was a bright Oght from the gas 'in the kitchen, and Mr. Tarboy noted it. , "There she is, down there, God ble&s; her!" he said, "a-working and a-worrj- ing and a-getting any tea, and her head full of tomorrow. Augustus Tarboy, you've got a wife in*A thooisand-vyou have, my boy, and 1 hope you're becomingly grateful..' Maria, God bless you!" , Mr. Tarboy kissed his hand affectionately at the drawn kitchen blind, and then he brought his eyes up to the ground floor. There was no gas there, but the giddy firelight dandd. and flickered through thel lowered Venetians. ^ "Everything ready for me in there," hej said. "The armchair wheeled up to. the fire, the kettle on the trivet, the table -laid, my pipe and "'baccy.brought up and put on the mantelshelf, atod a vase^full,<)f , newmade spills ready to hand. I'm assure of it as if I'd been inside and looked. " What a wife Fve got—what a wife!" > .. ' Lifting his eyes in thankfulness to the sombre skies, Mr. Tarboy's attention was arrested by a dim light in a room on the third floor. "Ppocjgiri!—poor girl!" he said; "there's the skeleton in my cupboard tins happy Christmas Eve—there's the ghost asll be at my banquet to-morrow! Poor girl— poor, lon&y; little .girl!" Mr. Tarboy shoot his head mournfully,! and mounting the steps of his residence, knocked an apologetic knock at the front door. As he did so he glanced at the fanlight, in which a jet of gas was burning in a pink glass glo-be^ ••and caught sight of a small bust of Charles Dickens, which occupied a post of honour in the centre. Mr. Tarboy deposited his parcels on the top step, and raised bis hat to. the' bust. In love and humble duty, sir," he said, "at thisr season of the year, which if ever a man understood its lessons and taught them to the world, you did, sir. And may all in this house humbly follow your example." ^ Hie door opened at that moment; and a stout, comely middle-aged woman stood staring at Mr. Tarboy. "Good '. gracious, Augustus!" she exclaimed, "whatever are you 1 doing standiilk •without your hat in a wind that's fit t£ -parish-you? It's enough to give one rheumatics m the head to look at you!" 'It's all right, Maria. I was taking off my hat to the bust of Dickens, and thinking of'The Cricket on the Hearth.'" . " "Cricket on the Hearth!' " said Mrs. Tarboy; "you look more like neuralgia on the doorstep. Come in, do." Mrs. Tarboy gently but firmly draped Mr- Tarboy in by the collar of his overcoat. _ When the door was closed he, catehing sight' of a bunch of mistletoe, which was. suspended in the centre of the hall, put . his laden arms as far round the comely dame as they would go, and pressing her to . his bosom, gave her a hearty kiss. "Maxia," he said, "it .is our first Christmas Eve in our own home; God blebs you, Maria, and a many of 'em." _ astus Tarboy wps on the wrong side of fifty, and Maria was forty-five. Their romance had commenced over"twenty years ago... In those days Augustus Tarboy, a slim, good-looking young fellow, had "fallen madly in love with Maiia. Twemlow, a ycung bousemavdU who had recently been engaged by Lord Farndale's housekeeper. Maria^was a pretty, genteel girl, and 'Augustus, who was his lordship's valet, thought he had never seen such a perfect creature before. Being of a shy and bash-, fill nature—not a common complaint with nobleman's valets — Augustus loved for some'months in secret^ but at last he summoned up courage' to inform Maria. that she had won' his heart. They were returning from evening Church together when Augustus made his trembling 9onfesskm, and it was in the vpry^ dark^st part of , the long avenue of elms'leading up to the famous old mansion in Surrey which had been t^e Farndales ever since the days of James I. - The young woman listened for a moment in blank astonishment; for, like .most bashful men,' Augustus had plunged into his subject without any preliminary remarks. But when Maria Twemlow" realized that the good-looking young valet was ofierinj her marriage she gave a little gasp an< said---. •• "Oh, please don't—please don't say any more," and made a.'dash for the house, leaving Augustus crestfallen and trembling, with nothing to distract nis thoughts but the sidling of the night wind and the cawof -the rooks. lut the next day Maria Twenilow came upon'Augustus, when he was alone in tihe library- arranging his lordship's papers, and there, in'a sweet womanly way, ' him .to think no more of her, as" a marriage -between them was impossible. And when Augustus with tears in his eyes begged "her to reconsider her determination, she felt a great pity come into her heart for his hopeless love, • and confessed to him the secret of her life. • 'She had been married two years previously to a man whom she had believed to be a well-to-do young fellow, but after six months of married fife in London she had discovered that! her husband's well-todo-uess arose from his participation in the profits of a series of frauds. . One fine day John Laxton left his home. The next time his young wife saw him he was standing [with two of his associates in tbe dock of jthe Old Bailey, and tjie result of his trial was that he received a sentence of fourteen years' penal servitude. Thus it was that Maria, who had friends or relatives, had to turn out again and earn her living. She saw that all chance 'of doing so in domestic service, to which die had been brought up, would be denied her if it was known that her bus band was a convicted criminal, so she resumed her maideri'name of Twenilow, and a former mistress having kindly interested hc-rself on her behalf, she obtained a situation as housemaid at Famdale Court... Augustus promised that he would respect ihe young woman's secret, and he kept his word. But he was more desperately in love with her than ever, and presently the )•-" ledge of his loyal devotion touched the heirt! of the unhappy wife, and he found that she was returning his affection. Then the situation grew painful to both of them, and Maria said that she must leave. That Augustus would not hear of, .so he cut the Gordian Knot by giving notice himself. One -day the young valet and the young housemaid bade eac^ other a tearful farewell. But as he held the young wife's hand in his, Augustus vowed that he would always love her, and that he would be faithful to her memory, and that no, other woman should ever supplant her in his affections. And so the years went on. Maria remained at the Court, and Augustus went to London, obtained another situation, and prospered. From time to time the lovers saw each other, and talked as friends. John Laxton, before his sentence had expired, was released on a ticket of leave, and found his wife. She gave, hini_ her savings, and bade him leave her in peace. He took the money, and went back to London, where in six months he was once more in the hands of the law. But at last the, bar that stood between the happiness of the faithful couple was removed. John Laxton, who had spent most; of the intervening twenty years in gaol, died of consumption in the Prison Infirmary, and Maria Twemlow was a free woman, Augustus was abroad with his master at the time. On his return to England the news reached him, and he hastened to Farn- ^ f S > u j t '-tte young housemaid was ™ <*£ middle-aged housek^per and once °®f red t\ er han d and fortune. And m due tune the man and woman who had waited so long for .each other went to the altar, and were niade happy at last. Augustus Tarboy was fifty-one and Maria forty-five when they becami man and wife, Roth ^ mCinev kved-Augustus had a d deal_and ^ they took house in Kavstreet Brunswick-square, furnished 'it neath< ^ an-anged to,let o£E a portion of it in apartments. Thev had altered into possession sis months ago. This was the first Christmas of their married life—the first, as Augustus put it, when he saluted his buxom little wife ^ undeii * the -- mistletoe, - • that they had passed "under their own roof." : Mr. Tarboy had finished his tea, and sat in his easy chair smoking his favourite pipe, with his slippered feet on the fender, love in his heart and admiration in his eyes. The love and the admiiation were both for'his wife, who had displayed the most remarkable skill in the adornment of their dinirgroom. Augustus declared that with a bunch* of holly and some evergreens she had converted it into a fairy bower, and wlien she told him of the preparations she had made for their first Christmas dinner Augustus "became almost reverential. The . first Christmas Day in their own home was to be celebrated in quite "baronial" manner. Tbe term was Mr. Tarboy's and came of long connection with the landed geAry. Mr. Tarboy had invited several of their own relatives, and Maria had invited two of her former fellow-servants at the Court—two who had married recently and settled in London; and they were going to brinlg their husbands with them. •' 4 "Ah!" said Mr. Tarboy, "it'll be a happy Christmas Maria; the happiest I've known for twenty year's, my dear." "Y6s, dedt," said the little woman, putting ;i plump arm round hep husband^'s neck and kissing the upturned face tenderly, "and the happiest that I've known, too. Christmas was always a miserable time at the Court for, me, and it was miserable for everybody after poor Mr. Hugh and his Lordship quarrelled five years ago, and Mr. Hugh left the Court and we never saw him and never heard of him again." "Poor young fellow!" exclaimed Mr. Tarboy. '"I only knew him as a boy. I don't think His Lordship ever loved the lad, though h£ was his only son.* He cost his mother her life, you know, Maria, when he came into the world, and His Lordship was never the .same man after it. - Many a time I've seen him sitting opposite Her Ladyship's portrait as was hung over the fireplace in his bedroom,-and looking at it with tears in his eyes. And sometimes, .when the fit was on him, I've known him pace the room .like a madman, and say things aloud that would have been blasphemy against the will of Heaven, Maria, if it hadn't- been that it was. his heart crying out in agony, and not hie lips speaking in anger." "Yes, I suppose it was that made him turn against ihe bov/' said Maria, with a. .sorrowful look in her eyes; "but it Snado our hearts ache for the poor young gentleman, the way his father treated him as he grew up. They used to say at the Court' that his father had never kissed his sen and heir, or given him one fatherly, caress fromthe day he was born. And so when he grew up Mr. Hugh seemed to hate the place. When" he was at home, and became wild in his ways, we servants used to say that it wasn't to be wondered at, pooryoung gentleman!" "Maria, my dear," said Mr. Tarboy, "put some more coal on the fire and stir iip a blaze, it makes me cold to think of such things at Christmas time. I suppose there's no doubt that Mr. Hugh is dead, eh. Maria?" ; ' "I'm afraid he must be," answered Mrs. Tarboy, stirring till the bright flames roared up the chimney.- "It's five years since he left the Court in anger, after a terrible scene with His Lordship, vowing he'd never enter the place again while his father lived. From that hour no word ever came from him, and now the old lord s been dead three months and the heir's been advertised for, and the lawyers have been hunting for him all over the world— so Sirs. Millet, that was upper housemaid there at the time told me the other day— and Mr. Hugh's never made a sign." "Yes, of course, he must be dead," re-' plied Mr. Tarboy, knocking the aShes out of his pipe. "He'd ha! come back and claimed the estates by. this time if he hadn't been. Let's talk o' something else more Christmassy, Maria. It ain't the sort of thing to have hovering over your domestic singmg - hcarth Wifct the eaters outside a •God bless the master of this laouse, God bless the mistress too. And all the little children That round tlic table go.' I shall have to go out and give 'em a shilling, and ask 'ein to go away. Ah! thank goodnessj they've finished. They jarred, Maria. Your talking about His 'Lordship and poor Mr. Huch got on my nerves, my dear. Fancy a Christmas carol jarring in a home that has a bust of Charles Dickens in the fanlight of its hall. It ain't right, Maria, it ain't right." Mr. Tarboy rose and paced the room, and Mrs. Tarboy gave a great gulp and seemed inclined to. ctv. "I'm so sorry, Augustus dear," she whispered. "I ought io hav.e known how tender-hearted you are."" Augustus Tarboy passed his hand across his eyes and exclaimed:—"It's gone, Maria; the vision of domestic misery, and the silent rooms of Famdale Court is banished. Don't let's speak of it again. Hullo! what's that?" Mr. Tarboy started, and Mrs. Tarboy opened her mouth in astonishment. The front door had been suddenly pulled to Mrs. Tarboy went to the head of the ; kitchen stairs, and called out sharply, "Sarah!" and a voice from below answered, "Yes, ma'am." | Mrs. Tarboy came back again to her hus-. band. "It isn't Sarah," she said. Then she gave a sudden start. "Good gracious, Augustus,"' she exclaimed, "it mu6t be our third floor!" ; "Never!" exclaimed Mr. Tarboy. "Why, she's been too weak, poor thing, to go out for days past; aha for her to do it such a bitter night as this. Go up, Alalia; go up at once." Mrs. Tarboy went up to the third floor as fast as she could, and came down panting. "It's her, Augustus," die said. "Oh, go, after her at once and bring her back. It's death to her to be out on a night like this. She must be mad." Mr. Tarbov put on his hat and overcoat, and Sarah, hastily summoned, came rushing up with his boots. A minute later he was out in the street^ staring up and down it, ftnd wondering which way the "thirdfloor" had gone. . Presently, as his eyes became accustomed to the cold blue haze which had come on with the night, ,}ie saw a policeman standing under a lanip-post at the next corner. He went across and asked him if he had seen a young woman come out of No. 21. -The policeman said he had, and she had gone up the street towards Brunswicksquare. Mr. Tarboy turned up his coat collar, for the air was biting "shrewdly," and walked in the direction indicated. The square was deserted, but in almost every house the lights were burning brightly, and the sound of merry voices floated out now and again upon the quiet night. Suddenly a woman's voice rose sweetlv 'from the darkness beyond. It was a rich contralto, but it trembled now and again as it sang the grand old carol, "God rest you, merry gentlemen." Mr. Tarboy knew that voice in a moment. He had heard it first a month aeo,| whert Miss Ruth Helmore, wxio said i5ie was an actress, hid taken the modest room on the third floor. Miss Helmore had gone out daily,-and spent the evenings in her own room, which Mr. Tarboy thought wios odd for an actress, but sometimes in the evening" they, heard a beautiful voice filling the house with melody, and Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy had agreed that Miss Helmore must be a'young lady who sang on the stage, but wafc. temporarily out of an engagement. 1 -• • , Gradually Sirs. Tarboy, in her kind, motherly way, had won the young lady's htart, and had gathered that their surmise was correct; and Mrs. Tarboy had. inspired sufficient confidence also to ascertain that] Miss Helmore was really a young wife,'but that her husband was "away," and she had been singing at the theatres as a chorus girl in-his absence. And Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy, talking their "third floor" over, had long ago come to the conclusion that "Miss Helmore was very Tinhappy and vary poor, and that she was going out day after "day to try and get something to do, because she was rapidly approaching the end of her slender resources. . This idea was confirmed when "at the end i>f the third week iliss Helmore, with a white face, came to her landlady and stammered out a "plea for a little time. She was hoping to get -an engagement • every day, but for the present she was not prepared to "pay up her book" with the punctuality generally insisted on by London landladies.' f Mrs. Tarboy told. Augustus, and Augustus, who had been,struck with the girl's iady-like demeanour and evident distress, requested Mrs. Taijboy not to worry the poor young thing, but to take every opportunity of making her comfortable. And so Mrs. Tarboy had done her best to comfort and cheer up the penniless "third floor." But both husband and wife.had noticed that tjheir lodger was getting ill, and that He saw Ruth Helmore shivering and trembling in the doorway, and singing-, she was searcelv in a condition to take an engagement if sue suc-eeeded in getting one. They made up their minds that worry and want of sufficient nourishment were at the bottom of Miss Helmore's ill-health, and they tried their be=t to relieve the situation. But the girl was proud, and they hardly dared to do what they would have liked to—to send i'or their own doctor and supply her with the wine and nourishment she undoubtedly needed. Mr. Tarboy had _ quite taken his "third floor's" misfortunes to heart, and had built romantic _ story _ of _ love and sorrow around her. He felt sure that it was j another case of a bad husband and a deserted wife, and it was the reflection of the dim light on the third floor blind that had been the one bitter drop in his cup of happiness, as he gave off his cheery Christmas sentiments on the doorstep that evening. "Good gracious!" cried Mr. Tarboy, as he recognised the beautiful voice of his "third floor,' "she must have gone suddenly out of her mind. She's delirious, and thinks she's at the opera. She can't be i=ingi"e in the streets in her sober senses." He hurried in the direction of the sound, and there he saw Ruth Helmore shivering and trembling in the roadway and singing. A window opened, and there was the sound of a coin striking the pavement. Ruth Helmore gave a great shiver, but stepped forward to pick it up. As she did so she reeled, and would have fallen to the ground if Mr. -Tarboy had not managed to reach her side in the nick of time and put -a. strong arm round her waist. "My dear young lady! My dear Miss Helmore!" he gasped. "What on earth are you thinking of?" "Oh, don't don't!" said the girl, bursting' into tears. "I-I owe you nToney, and I: must pay it-I must earn it. I filven't a; penny in the world. I heard the caxol-! singers to-night. I opened my window to 1 listen, and I saw the people throw them 1 S ^ T ^ L ^ T i l f r S ™ ' * thought-! thought I might perhaps get some Oh that dear, way oh too, dear! and. the very idea of it | I And you illaspa are—and—glancing at the girl s thin dress and light cloak— and not half wrapped-up enough. You come ; home with -4-v, . je, my dear. j™- You're v~« going to spend the evening with Sirs. Tarboy and myself, and have supper with us; and we'll talk about what you owe after .Christmas when you've got an engagement; But there was no sitting up when Mr. Tarboy got his trembling charge home. Mrs. Tarboy 6iw that bed was the best place for her, so she helped her up to the third floor, made a big fire, put hjjr to bed, and insisted on her taking a steaming bowl of cornflour (with a wineglassful of whisky in it, and then when she was quiet and seemed to have got over her shivering, Mrs. Tarboy sat down by the bedside and talked to her till the poor tired little chorus giri fell asleep. Then Mrs. Tarboy came downstairs and told her husband all she had learned. "Oh, -dear Augustus, 'it's another sad story," she said. "The poor girl's told me everything, seeing she had a real friend in me, she said She's a married woman right enough. I saw the ring below the keeper when she put her hand in mine, poor thing. Her husband's in trouble somewhere, and can't get to her. I'm afraid it's gaol,-Augustus, indeed I am. She says he's a gentleman, though he's a common soldier. It seems .he enlisted owing to family trouble, and he met her at Portsmouth, where die ig with a company, and "fell in love with her straight away, and the poor foolish young people they got married. 's a good girL Augustus, I'm eure, and quite a lady. She told me her father was a doctor, and was'rnined, and died in an asylum, and die decided to go on the stage and use her voice for a living, because she had no friends, and it was the best thing to do. They; were happy enough for a year, and then her husband got into trouble. She declares it_wasn ? t his fault, but a sergeant in the regiment who hated him because he was a gentleman ranker; grossly insulted him abouta her. Thai, mad with rage, the young fellow seized the bully and thiashed him within an inch of his life in the barrack square before half the regiment, and he was tried for it and sentenced, and he's in the military prison now, and poor Miss Helmore says it will be two years before he'll be free. She writes to him, and he writes to her when hfe's allowed, but of course he can't send her any money, poor thing. Isn't it sad, Augustus?" "Sad!" exclaimed Mr. Tarboy, "it's heart-breaking, Maria. Here's our first Christmas together, you and me, and a tragedy under under our own roof. It's all tragedies, Maria^ and it don't seem to have brought the Spirit of Christmas our way at all. That bust of Dickens in our hall, Maria—I've half a mind to lake it down and put the mistletoe on the fine as a holler mockery." Mr. Tarboy strode out into the hall and looked up haJfrreproachfully at the bust of the great novelist who is said to have invented the Christmas of Charity and Loving-kindness, the Christmas of the Hearth, the Heart, and the Home. And 16 he gazed it seemed to him that the cold face of the modelled clay relaxed into a smile, and the lips of the master moved. It was only a gust- of wind tin at had caught the gas in the pink globe and caused it to flare up and cast a pink reflection on the face of the bust, but it cheered Mr. Tarbey immensely. "Maria," he said, ?I've banished Ijhis vision of misery as I banished the other. Charles Dickens says it'll be all right. If there wasn't any misery in the world there'd be nothing for people to do on Christmas Day to show their gratitude for the mercies vouchsafed to them. To-morrow tihe 'third floor* has her Christmas dinner with u% and she is the honoured RUest. Don't forget that, Maria — the honoured guest." On Christmas morning the' .postman knocked at No. 21, Kay-streeh. and handed in some half-dozen letters for Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy, which were Christmas cards from old friends, and one letter for Miss Ruth Helmore. "Oh, I am glad," exclaimed Mrs. Tarboy, and she ran off upstairs with it to the ^invalid. Euth Helmore gave a cry of joy as she saw Ijhe envelope. She tore it open and read the contents, and then with a little hysterical cry flung up her arms and fainted dead away. When she came to hersel' Mrs. Tarboy Was bending over her, bathjpg her head. "On, cried the giti, "I couldn't help it. It—it was joy. He'6 free—free—my husband —my darling! He's coming to me to-day. —to-da.y. .Oh, you will let him come here, won't you?" Mrs. Tarboy couldn't speak for a moment —the statement had quite taken her breath away. When she had recovered her speech she flung her arms round her "third floor's" neck and exclainfed, "Come here, my dear? Why, of course. Where else should a husband be on Christmas Day but with his wife?" And then she went off down two stairs at a. time, with a heaving bosom and a palpitating heart to tell Augustus the good news. "I knew it!" cried Mr. Tarboy, triumphantly; "I knew as that expression on the bust of Charles Dickens meant that everything would come light. Now, Maria, there's two honoured guests round our mahogany this Christmas Day—oui^ 'third floor' and our 'third floors' husband. What a dinner—what a real Christinas dinner it will be! . That bust won't have nothing to blush for under our roof, Maria. I'm not sure as I shan't take it down, and put it in the middle of the table with a wreath of holly and mistletoe round it." About 1 o'clock there was a knock at the door. Sarah, the maid of all work, answered it, as Mr. Tarboy was in the beer cellar, and Mrs. Tarboy was busy with the turkey. When Sarah came down she was in a state of great excitement "Oh, mem," she said, "it was a young man as asted for the "third floor,' and said he was her 'usbing, and I showed him up as you said, mem, and' I ope 1 doue right.' "Quite figbt," said Mrs. Tarboy. Then she called out across the passage to the cellar, "Augustus, lie's come—Miss Helmore's husband's come." "Hooray!" replied a voice from the cellar. "God bless 'em both, and a merry Christmas to 'em. Maria, tltis is something like a Christmas Day!" Mr. and Mrs. Millet arrived about 1.30, ar.d as dinner was not for an hour Mrs. Millet and Mrs. Tarboy had scraps of conversation between whiles. Mrs. Millet, who had been married from Farndale Court, liad the latest news to impart. Among the late j Lord's papers had been found a letter to his Jon, , in which he expressed his sincere = grief for what he had done, and acknowledged that he had been t/> blame. It was the olive branch held out from the grave. Mrs. Tarboy shook her head. "Too late," she said, "too late. Mr. Hugh will never know. He is dead'too." The other guests arrived, and ' dinner being quite ready, Sarah was sent up to the third floor with "Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy's compliments, and would Mr. and Sirs. Helmore please come down, as dinner •was waiting." Everybody was standing up in the diningroom when the door opened and Ruth mote stepped in. "Mrs, Tarboy," she said, "this is my husband, Sir. ."'* There w&s; a startled cry, and Mrs. Tarboy and Mrs. 3fillet, staggered forward together, and Mrs. Tarboy,gave a little' shriek. Mr. Hugh!" she cried. "It's—it*6 ." Then she flopped down in a chair speechless, and Mr. Tarboy, looking in imminent danger of apoplexy, bowed respectfully to the apparition, ana said, "Mr. Hugh! Am I dreaming, or; ''it is no dream," said the young man, taking his young wife's hand, and staring \- in gM>d gracious, Tkrboyand 3 °H> Mana-aad you, Jane-is-is it vuui« . Then "everybody spoke at once ^ Hugll learnt of f a S letter o f ' f ^ v S and of hig death, and that for a month even' effort had been made to find him. xhc;, he ineieted on their all sitting down to a^er though Mr. and Mrs. 'Tarboy ^d Mrs. Millet wanted to take theirs fj, (jje kitchen. i when he had made everybody _at 1.. i.U 11 1 1 L-J 1" 1 _ J ease he told them bow he had enlisted under a false name, gnd how he-had been imprisoned and released only the previous day, two years before his time, for saving the life of a warder attacked by a half-a-: dozen prisoners, and how he had at: once written to his wife, and come to London to spend the first day of liberty with .her. And -when the Christmas pudding was taken away, and the dessert was on >£ie table Mr. Tarboy rose, and Baid:—"W ith our hmnble respects, and long life and many happy Christmas Days to my Lord and Lady of Farndale of Famdale Court. God bless them."' 1 •'-. And the company drank it with a respectful but hearty three times three-and their humble duty, and while Mrs. Tarboy was clearing away for tea, still out. of breath as well she might be, Augustus strode, out into the hall, and looked up at the bust of Charles Dickens, bowed low to it. To the day of'his death Mr. Tarboy will believe that it was having , the bust of tbe great Apostle of Christmas in his hall, .that brought the happiness of that Christmas Day about. - , How .else could Lady Farndale have been singing for, charity in the snow on Christmas Lve, and happy - in Lord Farndale's arrafe on Christmas night, and die-the day before only a poor little chorus jpri out of. an -engagement, and His Lordship a common soldier with two years', imprison- ir ment yet to run?. That night as Mr. Tarboy laid his head upon the pillow, he turned to Mrs. Tarboy and said, "Maria—the first Christmas under our own roof—and what a Christmas Day!" And outside a belated party- of revellers woke the echoes of Kay-street with "God bless the Master of this House," and every wakeful ear beneath that master's roof caught the words and re-echoed them in their hearts. "JIany happy Christmas Days to my Lord -and Lady Farndale!" 