FROM GRAVE TO GRAVE. A Remarkable Re-interment. The exhumation for re-burial of the three early colonist' who were laid in what was deemed their last home at the 8t. Kilda Bed Blojf, sixty years ago, was earned out on Saturday morning, at 7.30 a.m., the re-burial taking place in the St. Kilda cemetery at ten o'clock the same moruinjr. There was once an old superstition that the man who moved a dead man's bones was accursed, and Shakespeare has left two lines as his epitaph conveying the same pleasant reminder. The Central Board of Health as a public institution has, however, no body to be kicked or eoul to be cursed, so that under the circumstances it was tho fittest to run tbe gauntlet of the superstition. If Dr. Greaswell, as the head, feels any misgivings, then he will know why, but as microbes harm him not, it is hardly to be supposed that ghosts will affect him. Over 100 persons, in spite of the early hour, gathered to witness the exhumation. The bodies were those of three of the fever stricken passengers of the ill-fated emigrant ship Glen Huntly, and they were buried at the Bluff in the early part of 1840. As far as can be ascertained, the Glen Huntly sailed from Oban, Scotland, on tbe 28th October, 1 839, under the com mand of Captain Buchanan, and dropped anchor at Greenock, from where John Craig, weaver, of PaiB ley, with his wife and seven children; Armstrong, locksmith, widower, and two single men named Jas. Mather and George Denbam, were amongst those who took their passage. On the voyage to Australia the emigrants were sulijcct to many troubles. The awkward/fjld sailing boat lay be. calmed for days under a fiery tropical sun ; a species of bilious fever broke out on board, and carried off ten adults, and the vessel had once to put back into port for repairs. On Friday. 17th April, 1840. after a voyage which had extended over 6 months and 20 dnys, the Glr-n Huntly arrived at Port Phillip with the yellow flag flying, and SO of those on board in the delirium of typhus fever. Denham had been luiried at the mouth of the Little River, then known as Tbe Eze, and on 24th April the survivors were landed at the Bed Bluff, or Point Orraond, when a quarantine station was formed, and as complete arrangements as possible made for their isolation from the resident! in the township of Melbourne. Craig, Armstrong and Mather died soon after being landed, and it was their graves which were opened on Saturday. At the opening of the graves were the Mayor of St. Kilda, Cr. Stede ford, tbe town clerk, Mr. J. N. Browne, Mr. Truelovc, secretary o' the St. KiWa Cemetery Trustee^ Sergeant Cummings. and representa tives from the Central Board of Health and the Crown Law Depart ment. On reaching the red gum coffins, in which the dead men were buried, they were found to have mouldered to dust, but the skeletons were almost intact. The skull and teeth of one was perfect. Mr. Appe, who had tho burial in hand, placed the bones in black coffins, and took them to the St. Kilda Cemetery, were they were re-bnried. The epot in which the bones are re-interred is close to the grave of the late Baron Yun Mueller. At 3.30 a commem oration eervico was held at the grave, and a goodly number, who brought wreaths and flowers, were present at the service. A choir, under the leadership of Mr. Geo. Andrews, was in attendance, and the hymns beauti fully sung were ' Oh God our Help in Age] Past,' and ' Days and Moments Quickly Flying.' Then Mr. J. N. Browne, the town clerk, read a history of the voyage of the ship taken from the Patroil, the late Mr. J. Fawkner's paper, and the Port Phillip Herald, which were published at the time of the vessels arrival in port. Cr. Stedeford, who is himself a colonist of 46 yean standing, then mentioned that amongst those present were Mrs. Bowman, of Oaulfield, a daughter of the deceased C.-aig, who was eight years old when the Glen Huntly lay in quarantine, and Mrs. M'Gonagle, of South Yarra, who was also a passenger by the same ship, being then Mies Cameron, 17 years old. Three other children of Gray were now living, daughters at Oanbourne and Doncaster, and a son at Don caster. So great was the interest displayed in the trials of these early colonists that it was decided to get all the records available, and start a move ment, the object of which to be to place a suitable monument over the graves of these spirited pioneers, who were not attracted to the colony by the lust for gold, but simply with the desire to o irve out a heritage for their children in a new land. Though they perished at the thieshold of their hopes, yet their good intentions have been revived to-day, and stand witness of their pluck and enterprise. Young M.P. — 'Well, my dear, what do you think? I had the honour of being interviewed this morning on the leading topics of the day.' His wife — ' Indeed ! What did you say Y Yonng M.P.—' I really can't tell until I see the paper.' His Eeverenoe (severely) — ' The church furnishing is not turning out well at all. The woodwork of my pulpit in particular is in a state of dry rot. How do yon explain it ?' Joiner — 'Dunno, mister, unices the pulpit became impreguated with your sermons !' Mrs De Firm— 'I tremble to think of our daughter manning that young man. Why, he orders mother and sister around as if they were slaves.' Mr. De Firm — 'Don't worry, dear. He won't order oar daughter around more than once,. She takes after you.1 