CHRISTMAS BITS. i (BY FsiCeSca) ). About tithe some di appear, for we have been having bits of Christmas foI. so long; that reallyrit begins'to .be " matter for speculation as to - whether we swill ever get it as a whole.; Well! I think we will do that 'much;-but the way people begin. thinking and writing about it weeks before it can possibly be with us, rouses a faint ospieion 0of anticipation in this case ason so many otherst being'almoet: the best of the .feast. Perhaps it ois, and -if so, .it is note the fault of the, time-honored I festival, the weather, or of the crops, so much as a habit we. have got into of deciding just what slould- be done at Christmas, of what.things ought to happen, and how they'.ought to come to pass, and'wildly resentfin any over ruling of these plans:. Providence chboses to order. In the minds of the majoiity there is a deeply:rooted' con; viction that everyone oiigli'to- be his or her own- providence... -* Good gracious ae'l- -What a'wdild it: woild be!" Just for's little, say a "w'eek, or perhaps a month, though I think. the week would be ample for iost people concerned, one-wnnldlika.to~see.thoase good--people who think there is suffi cient momentum generated in their own enterprising solves to keep the wheel '.ot -life spinning simoothly enough to' bring -ih its ovolutions the fruition ,of "every :hope, thought -'or feeling that might animate their souls, I get their own way in this for a brief period. What a pickle-th. world. would be in at the end of tihat week 1 or month. Itwould take generations to recover lost ground, and even then the poor thing would not have got. over the shock. As for Christmas those people would never, again be able to prepare for it with the certainty of pleasure in some form or another, that it now inspires, for it could never be. anything to them but a reminder of meddlesome mischief wrought by them selves when they set Providence at naught and .Providence was mean enough to let them do it;.-- - - Why is it, I wonder, that as Christ-. mas draws near all the poetry in hu man nature seems to come like the waiting-maid's hair, " a-top ?" - So far as one can see, the portion of-the month in which Christmas eventuates is not poetically inspiring. In the Spring there is everything to stir the poetic soul. That marvellous freeh ness in Nature, that :comes like -a breath of fresh life to even the world weary, chance days of weather so per feet that it seems as iftheaven itself can .scarcely be more fair, the "rose and snow" of fruit blossom, the green and goldof the wattle-filled bush and the flowers in myriads opening to the genial sunshine and exbaling a, fra grance that they never possess at any other time. There is poetry in all this. In the scent- laden zephyr, or the strong, fresh breeczbthat cand arise sometimes and let'tho'dust-giant lie, iii the brightening eye, elastic step and swift- coloring, cheek. of girlhood;- and the re-invigorated movements of those of older growth. But as -the glorious spring-time wanes, the summer comes on apace, and ere Christmas is with us there is also parched grass and dusty- lookinig trees. Plkiits drooping, flowers minus their freshness and withering away in. the heat, and over all, that indescribable look of the sere and yellow leaf having come before its time, that should scorch up even the. . ghost of poetry in the human breast, (r.e., if it .is not something of an Hibernianism to hint at ghost scorch ing.) In spite of this, however, things so turn out that we have come to look for our Christmas poetrf ninch as' we look for our Christmas pudding, and with the same blesse certainty of its turning up at that particular period if at no other. In the many glorious uncertainties of this life, .these alliter atively and seasona'bly allied dainties come not at all They appear with the regularity "of Christmas itself. The Festival, minus those two -P.s would to many be no Festival at-all, and though in the poets'case, a third P. most often be attachedI for poet and peppered are frequently~almost syno nymous terms, yet poets are so hardy a race that it seems asi"if they and tihe Christmas pudding- must..alike be practical - embodiments; might something be said about- the origin of the Christmas pudding, that is.the question ? It is the custon, -I know, but, need everybody do exactly what everybody else does? that is another. Slightly mixi~s as to meta phor, somewhat shady (of is it shaky?) from a grammatical point of view. But, dear me, who would .not,* get mixehd, not to say muddled, trying to get-thiroulih nturies ' pon centurins s of Christmias puddings,? and ' fathom Ithe secret of the very fir?t one'? Very few indeed. Iri fact en cohnstitution could stand it, so I hold.that one is quite justified in leaving.the origin of B anything .that .is likely to undermine \- the constitutiqn, severely alone' and a davote one's-self instead,to its latest B developments. It is arg?ed that the a children ought always to tridy origins. SBut children seldom read the papers, and: when' they 'do it is usually the 'columns, devoted to sport, never that in which scientific investigation is Scarried on to the hitt oend. Then, again, just; thinl?- f'thel reams and ' reams on ,that subject 'that -await i those children in .therdim and mirnty a futre towards which' tleir yun"g feet Sare so eagerly p1iressing.e "hat hlite Sthe,hapless creatures d1ue ti :t arrant its being thrust upon them before its Stime ? - Oh no.! The elildren do nt want to know anythin;i' abouo its Sorigin, the pudding itself is enoigh for them. . . Already liberated toilers ae?, spin-. ning away in every- direction,' asid d A~nring the next" two -ir .thiee days s Ipeaite an sa~my ofcycli?.t ill ge: a wheel for the. holdays, whih ramiads ms of a ,'rphiO descptidon of s .me l cfthe woes that attiid a too great devotion to the art on the part of .thei niobler sex. I give but a verse. Some day, .perhap's, -suffiient coorage will be musteied :to give the whdle,.bht ti will` not be when people have holida leisure'-to :the extinction of :any''b their, kind. The verse" runs as'fob lows :- " Ala I As near he swiftly drew,. " His steed of steel on strike went off; •' And he? Well he went eff. so too, -Agi at the road oould never scoff. For eye was black, and clothes were orn, He roie behpattered, shake, sad ". And she, that maiden all forlorn To spirifo laid appearance bad . h .:, He failed to please, another worse -, In plight, came forth. Some days before, His bicycle had charged a hearse, . Sits owner charged the cyclist more. Then still another, he'd forsworn a " The bike 'tis true, but rather late. . 2 For health, nerve, spirits all had gone, , On travel, at a scorchiug rate. And he a.quiver end a-quail, ' SAt even passiog shadow slight Kept maid with apprehension pale, : le was in such a constant fright." : Wlich. goes to show that excellent servant, as the bicycle is, it is a'vest bad master indeed. - ; However, itdis time to bring this-to a close, and as Christmas was the Alpha, so it-.should?ble the Omega. Already shop windows are gay with its signs anc btokens.'.tA hMerry_ Chtlslrtasa"meets the eye everywhere: it may turn.. In letters of all sorts and sizes, for?iied- of all things, fromn gas jets to nutmegs on a foundatioi'of. cnrrants and raisins, and -from gold and'silver to the wish "writ large" in chalk or red paint. Ice represented by mirrors and new-fallen snow, -in wadding white, gleam .in .windows unnumbered, and Christmas card, bearing witness - to the great and general advance in artistic taste and' feeling are speeding with their mes sages of love and friendship'ti every part of the globe. In the churches, too, the note of preparation has been sounded. and from Pulpit and from Press comes the-message bf goodwill to men, Which is of all messages the most meet for the Divine Anniversary. The stream of. Christmas charity is flowing and Christmas cheer is finding its way into many homes, in which there is little to cheer at any other seasoh, and though pessimistic thought prdnounces ererything bad, yet look where we will at Christmas, there.'is some good to be found; so it is that one may wish "A Merry Christmas" to all confident of many finding it so. 