THE PHANTOM OF CASTLE BALLYRAN, T was a wild, stormy evening upon which Will Darrell arrivt^l and took possession of hia suddonly acquircd estate of Ballyran, County , Galway, Ireland. I Young, hamisoii|0, and talented, Will Dan ell had utmggled, since his boyhood, with adversity, and now, at the ago of eight-and-twenty, found himself a rich man, having woke up one morning to the know led"© or a legacy, liom a distant and till then npknown relative, of twenty thousand pounds and Castle Ballyran. The money was in the Funds, and a transfer iiad been effected, when Darrell resolved upon a journoy to the sister country to inspect the proper^ of which ho had hoard only aeon* lused*account. He found, on his arrival, that the Castle was a venerable old pile, and a young and enthusiastic artist, Darrell viewed his possession with rapturous eyes. Fur from any town, and at a considerable distance even from the nearest village, the old castle stood alone, in desolate grandeur, overhanging the rocky seashore. The ap proach lay over » bleak: m»cl'almost barren upland, and the gusty wind howled shrilly to the roaring waves. It was upon one of the lust days of Octo ber, the evening of which was closing in, as Darrell, with his Irish agent, entered the great hall of the castle. . A portion only of the great building was habitable, and for years no one hud resided there but an old man named Mike, and the crone, his wife, who were the custodians of the place, and had grown grey within its walls. Will Darrell and the agent were received most reverentially by the ancient couple, and were conducted to the chief chamber on tlie ground floor, the banquet halt of former days. It loomed large and lofty, and dimly grand in tho grey twilight, ren dered yet more obscure by the discoloured windows, through which everything was tin own in shadow. The panelling was of bluck oak, relieved by the gilded quartering^ of old families, and the dim portraits of old generations. At the farther end of the chamber was a dais,and above it hung aomo tattered ban ners, which had done good service in their day, and drank the blood and licked the dust of many a well-fought field. There were arms of almost every age, and here and there complete suits of rusty mail stood out like gaunt and warlike spectres. A long table occupied the centre of the hall, but a few chairs only stood at its head. Towards these the newcomers made their way us old Mike entered, bearing huge candelabra?. Above the immense chimney-piece was carved some incident of the early wars, the design of which was lost to the eager artist's eyes of the young legatee, by the smoke that issued in thick volumes from the turf &m;? green wood, but newly-lighted on tho large hearth beneath. “ Welcome, Mr. Darrell. Cead Mille Fail the, welcome to the old castle ! may you live long, sir, to reside in it with all honour and prosperity \ ” exclaimed the agent, warmly. 4‘ Reside in it ! By my faith I’ll never leave it ! What a glorious old place ; its minniiH nnpocbdelijilitn me more than would a gorgeous JJUl.tC© witli our ‘ improvements.” (iuzins; admiringly arouml, Will Darrell waa only roused from the moat pleasant of ruminations by the return of the old people, bearing a couple of trays burthened with dishes containing boiletl and roast fowls, dried salmon, cakes, oaten bread, and two decanters of whisky. Tired and hungry, the artist and the gonial agent did full jusi icc to all that wa. placed beiore them, the former partaking almost too freely of the potent potheen Until eleven o’clock the jovial companions caroused, when Mike offered to conduct, them to thoir apartments for the nijrlit. Tho withered serving man, like most of his class, was garrulous in the extreme, and full of stories of ghosts and banshees. do these latter Will Durell listened with much interest and an amused smile. One tale particularly rivetted the atten tion of tho youn<r artisit ; it was of a phan tom whom report credited with prowling and (sliding about the old castle at midniVht —tho phantom of a young and lovely ( woman in white. j Tho a;;enb having retired, Darrell, con- | suiting his watch with a humorous smile, j asked the „aged servitor what particular j portion of the castle was most favoured by ; the {'host, and was informed that the lovely phantom had been seen eliding about ] in the habited portion, of tbo building as i as often as the chambers that were falling into ruin and decay. “ Very well, Mike. They say, ‘ After dinner sit awhile, after supper walk a mile.’ So, as I feel now not at all inclined for re pose, give me a lantern and I’ll amuse my self by finding out if this pretty phantom will show up to the new lord of her domain.” •• ftlusna, an' io.= bi«"s *\1 by vourself, your honour, and close on | midnight ! Ochone, it’s tempting 1'rovi-1 donee, shure ! ” said the old man trembling j and doroutly crossing himself. j “ Oh, don’t you fear, Mike, a lady ghost or no ghost won’t frighten Will Darrell; and, perhaps, as I’m a single young man the female phunlom will run away from me instead of after me.” “Bedad, tho pretty colleen may lead you ouL on the rocks, allure, an’ yer honour may be carried away tho same as young Pat' Doolan, who was lost entoirely, blown out to sue,and never heard of again, Muslin 1 ” • “ Well, I’iPcliance the rocks, the wind, and the sea. Mike, give men lantern ; Pm determined to find tile phantom of Castle Ballyratirso say no more, but off with you to- your old dame, and leaye me to look about for this young one. In the flesh or out of it, I’ll have speech with her, though all tho 6hadesofmy ancestors surrounded her.’ Laughing at the lugubrious janitor the young lord of the old castle, receiving a. lighted lantern from his ^rembling hands, boldly strode from the banquet hall, and presently began to mount the dilapidated staircase without. The walls broken, and the casements beaten in,the wind in fitful blasts'^rid rush ing sweeps met him in full force as at length he gained a narrow landing pikes £ The bold artist, stopping now for. a moment, stood by an open niche to.breaths the night" air and listen to the surging moai I of fche sea it) laved the beach, lauphinj aloud as attracted by the glare of the Ian I tern a huge cat dashed full in his face at th< very moment that an owl Bet up her melan choly, weird tu whit, tu whoo ! Pursuing his way through a long gallery undismayed by the rala that, startled frou their holes, scampered over the black tlooi like frightened rabbits, Will Darrell,*hold ing high the lantern, pressed on until hi gained an apartment, vast, gloomy and verj scantily provided with crazy antique furni ture. A bed at one side the room looked dark and hearse-like, and its proportions fcc the eye of the artist seemed Jit for a com pany of light infantry, ’who might pro viously have sat down together to sup ir the fireplace, where four green logs wen making asthmatic attempts at a smoke. The walls were hung with torn arras, and there wore half-a-dozen portraits of formei owners of Castle Ballyran. At the farther end of the room from thi bed Darrell observed a door, that apparentlj opened'into some lesser chamber. Profound quiet now reigned throughout the old building, and, swinging his lantern to and fro, Will Darrell was stopping to bhc door that had attracted his attention when ho was startled by a loud sigh and the tap lap of tiny feet as though a child was run ning across the floor. “ So the glioses are beginning the game. I novor hoard yob thab phantoms required fires to warm themselves v>y, ana, as thse apartment was certainly not intended for my bed-chamber, situate as it is in the uninhabited part of the castlo, the matter, to say the least of it, looks suspicious. I made up my mind to have a squint at old Mike’s phantom, and it appears to me my curiosity respecting the female ghost is very likely to he {'ratified.’' Soliloquising thus, Will Darrell, undeterrred by the sound of a faint moan, boldly made for the door front ing tiie hearse-liko bedstead. The means of egress to this chamber being on the hitch the bold young artist threw it hack on its hinges, startin'; and uttering an exclamation of wonder as he caught sight of the figure of a young A lovely woman, habited in a white dress, and who by her attitude a: she stood star ing at the intruder, whilst in her astonish ment and alarm grasping for support the back of an easy American chair, was as surprised and confounded as he was. For a moment Will Darrell stood upon the threshold, staring; in amaze at the beautiful vision before him, and then with a loud inuglrmude a dash forwards, as the woman with a shriek bounded away like a young fawn out through an opening in the wall at the back of the chamber. A huge panel havin'; been slid aside by xn unknown hund, the fair occupant had at Slice availed herself of this retreat opened About to follow the substantial phantom, tiie young Irishman was seized in the grasp of a shock-headed Irishman, who, with a broad grin upon his tanned and humorous features, exclaimed : “ Whist, yer honour 1 he aisy ; I’ve seen Mike, he tould me as ye meant to sae the phantom of the castle, and, bedad ! you’ve frightened the banshee instead of her frightening you. Snure, hut come, Musha, it’s all the boys as’ll be glad to sae yer honour.” “ Humph ! I think I understand mat ters. However, lead on my friend, I’ll fol low ! ” ejaculate! Darrell, at once un hesitatingly treading in the footsteps of his idq. n.ro...li,.„ U.-i,- w-v o„„„ra tile serted chambers, they presently returned roofless tower, andfrom thence descended long winding staircase leading to the igs. Over these was Darrell conducted ■ his guide, he knew not whither, hearing ly tho bellowing of the ocean, and the ream of tho sea-bird. At length a dark jeeb seemed to oppose further progrets, it the Irishman thrust the brushwood idc, and led the way on through a narrow nding passage, apparently hollowed out the rocks. A loud shout now broke upon the ears of 11 rell, and tho next instant he was in the utro of a wild group who welcomed him ith uproarious cheers and boisterorus iitli to the smugglers’ cave of Ballyran. With a laugh as hearty as their own. Will Darrell seated himself upon a keg, and much to the delight of his rough com panions gulped down a glass of pure potheen that he felt assured had never paid The story was soon fold to the amused young artist ; Castle Ballyran, ofiering admirable facilities for head quurters, Dan Rafferty's smuggler hand had decided to spread the repoit of tho building being haunted. Norali, the chief’s daughter, a romantic, bold young colleen, consenting to enact the role of phantom. Surprised, however, that night by the now lord of the castle, we have seen how the young lady •'host ran for it, instead of mirthfully be j holding the flight of her victims. The carouse of the smugglers and their ' honoured guest was kept up till early morn. Will Darrell deriving much amusement from the confusion of the agent and old Mikoi who both had, of course, been in league with the smugglers. Wo never heurd it the smuggler band after this discovery dispersed to “ fresh fields and pastures new,” but we do know that Will Datrell became the husband of the pretty phantom of Castle Ballyran. 