PRISON REFORM. This subject is forcing itself on the attention of a few thoughtful, but wo can not say very practical or energetic, men in Melbourne. They have formed an associa- tion called the Reform Society, and are de corously end with no great forciblenes* or originality of observation discussing the subject. It is something, however, gained that somebody is discussing a matter which is nothing less than a scandal to the period in which -wo live. Whilst in the domain of applied mechanics and applied chemistry there has been wonderful progress, and wliilst also there has in the last 50 years been greater progress in the principles of humanity and their application to every-day ;ife, the prison system is practically the same old system that it was in the beginning. The gaols and the machinery by whioh the gapls are filled are treated as if they .existed for the benefit of certain sections of the official and professional classes. These classes arc thorough-going Conservatives for the most part. They do nob therefore want any radi cal changes to be made. The present sys tem supplies them with salaries. and fees. What else could bo better t Tp make ;a radical change, to begin dealing with criminals on more scientific, juster and thorough principles, might somehow or other cause a reduction in the public and-private expenditure that is necessitated by crime, most of which expenditure finds its way into the pockets of the said - official 'and profes sional classes.. As preservation is tho first law of nature, so the criminal must bo pre served in order that others may Jive and flourish-* by seeking for him in the dens and alleys and byways or wherever else he is to. be found ; or at what is called his trial in helping thb .eaid criminal Into gaol, or in helping h.m to cheat. the gaol, and then in tho event of his conviction locking him up and compelling him to live in waste ful useless idleness. Amongst the officials in Victoria who Kayo spoken out lately oh this subject nope Have spoken , with more honesty, nor to more purpose, for his words must bear results anon, than Afr. Robert .!. Burrowes, the newly-appointed police magis trate, who was for several years governor of the Melbourne . gaol. Mr. Burrowes was, taken direct from the quiet office of a clerk, of courts in a country town and without any ' previous experience of the official red tape style of. dealing with prisoners* which seems to be designed that the. supply of pri soners shall never seriously fall off-, was placed in charge of the Melbourne gaol. It was altogether - against the canons of gaol officialdom that such an appointment should have -been mode. But ( ifc proved a liappy, appointment for the country, for thanks to Mr. Burrowes having seen with un biassed* eyes ’ that' tho present syatern ’ is a ’i fchorough ffiaure so for aa reform goesi' he I lias been the moans of assisting' very materially to draw public attention to it. Had he rerved t long novitiate in tho gaols as warder and then as governor, ho would probably liko tho rost of those officials, have como to regard the “ system '* as the very best one that could suit themselves and the colony. But ho . came in os .an outsider,- and doubtlessly one of bin first quostiono was to a&k; himself what he was .•here for Me soon saw that so far as re formation is concerned, it is not- to be looked'for in the gaols. "Once a criminal/ always u criminal," was what he saw was the fate of very many of those who used to bo going out and being' received daily at the establishment over which he presided. Wo are not now going into the details of what he saw and what he recommends, as a bettor way of dealing with criminals, for he has not yet formulated any comprehen sive system, such as probably ho will anon when tho subject has had time to mature and take practical shape in his brain. In the meani:me, \ hough in a much too quiet and unobtrusive way the Rev. Professor Gosman and Mr. Marshall Lyle and other members of the Reform Association are drawing some public attention to tho matter. But this is a subject which will never bo brought, to a head until some strong, able, sincere and courageous man makes it his own.- It is unfortunately true that no great work has over, been ac complished by a committee or an associa tion. Though they- have helped or seemed to help, there has always been one strong individuality who has taken the lead and has kept to it in the face of every rebuff and discouragement. If there is undiluted Philistinism, pure thorough going pagan ism to be found. anywhere in "Victoria or in the other colonies, there is notliing in that lino to beat the cruel and barbarous ■ treatment which by tho pfesent system is meted out to the wives and children of per sons wjio have brought themselves within the grip of the brainless and heartless Moloch of the gaol system. By this system the worst part of the punishment falls bri tho helpless and innocent connections of the criminals. In previous articles we have shown that this- very tiling tends by the influence of poverty and temptation to re cruit more criminals and outcasts from the members of tho imprisoned man’s family.; Officialdom and professionalism are secretly pleased : officialdom and professionalism feel Hint thereby their, occupation is secure. So never a remonstrance is heard frpm them. Self- preservation is tho first law of nature, and to philosophically and re signedly look the sufferings of others is the' second law. - T<>: day’s F, /exts. —Land Board, 11 ; 1 Marong Council,,12 noon •; Plumpton Cours ! iig, Epsom. 12 nocn ; M'GoU v Hoskins, slander action, Law Courts,, 2.30 p.m. ; Englchawk W.I’.U., council chamber,. 3 ■ p.ra. ; Eaglehawk Ladies’ Benevolent So ciety, 3,30 p.m. ; Miners’ Association,„6.30 p, m. ; Good , Intent Society, Temperance Hall, 7.45 p.m. ; 'In tlio Banks,"’ .Mr. George Rignold's Gomi>any,' Theatre, r 8 p.m. . . . Parliament. —In the Assembly last, even ling, theUsury Bill was explained by Mr. Isaacs, but no progress was made. ,.Tho Anti-yaocinatibh Bill was also debated for r/wlnle,: blit without result. . ! ' Tire Nominal' Opposition:—A caucus . of wlmt is called party was hold yesterday aftcnrnbwJ. About 20 members attended.. In view Of the general desire that a permanent loader should bbappointod Sir John ; Min tyro .announced his intention' to resign his temporary command.. He'jriis warmly, .ejdogised Lfbr. his efforts in the past, while filling ; tho post and lor his solf-dofiial id _ now resigning. '• Tho : question ' of pointing a-successor <was thon coiisidered, • and ultimatcly Mr. Gillies Wfcs; unanimously elected.' - \ ,V/ ( Bendigo- Rescue : concert in", aid was given -at./jbhe. .Temperance Halt last evening by Mr, , J. Bryan,- assisted, by-his pujnls. : Thb mayor; %Of, Harkncss) occupied the hall was, .well filled. The programme' “was a long ' and' varied one, add every' item was well ie- Coircdi Arribrig' tho items given by ' Mri Bryan’s pupils a duct by MlssMbribq'; Jones and Miss Cairiis, a piano sold by Miss,- Hughes,, swigs ,by, -Mr;Pmamquntaini Misft' Pattern,,..Mr.. ;; Mr;Cahill $.■ duet and chorus, Miss d’Mahbhy/and Pal^ou^wn^| : song, T vMr,^ Miss Marion, Jones Tseng/, Mr.. Nieol. Hart ; j aria,, by Mina Maudo Hobson; and chorus and duofc by Messrs. Hart and- Bryan. : Gbaeibbs and Tim; Meat Tax,—Ait a.. conference of farmers hold , lost night ih Melbourne, to consider the stock tax, . a resolution, was passed by a majority in favor of the retention of. the tax. It was re solved to wait, os a deputation, on the Premier, to urge the retention of the duties on butchers’ meat... Tho 'apathy of towns- ; people in not objecting to the tax was in-. stanccd, ns showing that the purchasers of meat did not' consider that the tax of ! 3Cs on all Icings- of . cattle, and 2s per head oh all sheep and iOs on each pig, helped ij male meat dear, 1 Gaol Goyeenob, but not Gaolbu.—ls our loading article to- day ; on gaol reform, the ox-governor of the Melbourne gaol is mentioned. • In last night’s Herald Mr Burrowcs is also favourably referred to, : for Iris having shown that .ii is potsibb, by adopting humane and enlightened methods to reduce the.supply of criminals ,In Yie- ’ toria, who are constantly going in and out of the gaols., Our own article, though only - published to-daywas written prior to the. publication: of tho Herald article, Mr. Burowes is a nephew of the lato Hon*'lt: Burrowcs, and was reared in Bendigo. The Herald says of ,the ex-governor of tho Mel bourne gaol who was not a mere gaoler, in the antiquated and stereotyped sense of the -word:—’“The most kind-hearted and con-, scio'ntioua man in tho~publir. service/ .Such is Mr. .Zox’s-description of Captain 11. H. Burrowcs. and, albeit that the genial mem ber for East Melbourne K rather fond of talking in superlatives, We have really no fault to find with his oulogiuiu. When Uapt. Burrowcs wont from the position of Clerk, of Petty Sessions to that of Governor of Melbourne gaol, there were probably spmo. misgivings. The then new, governor pos sessed no previous experience of gaol man agement. But, he (juickly brought to bear a sound, vigorous mind, unbiassed by what may be called penal departmentalism, and now, after five years’ service, it is , but just as well as proper, to say that Captaih Biir rowos has been a great success. While wo doubt not that ho will make a good polic-i magistrate—the better indeed for bis last five years’ experienced—tho wisdom of mak ing tho transfer may very easily bo ques tioned, Without going, into the whole of. the details or discussing 'tho State/stoqvice regulations, let us remark that it mtyrthat an officer possessed of such -poput. liar fitness .for tho liiglily importonfctwPrkiAfi gaol management mfty nob, without disad vantage to. liimself bo retained nfc such work. Captain Burrowcs is however.still.a! young man. On the first suitable oppbr tunity occurring we shall look, for his re call- to the great work- of prison manage ment in wliich he excels.” ■' j • Cuabob Against a Constable. stable Luke of Chowton is in trouble’ (re marks tho Castlomaino Leader). A crimi uol summons has been served oh him, charg ing liim 'with an offence on a girl at Chew - -ton. It appears that tho summons'is.-tho outcome of a letter received by tho Com missioner of Police at Bendigo from ,a pro ininent resident of Chowton .who, it-is said, accidentally become possessed -of ..certain knowledge wliich ho thought should be com municated to tho Commissioner, of .Police. The case will come on for hearing at the Chowton Police Court on Friday next.- Mr. S. M. Cornish has been retained for the defence. Musical. —The -Northam Advertiser of tho 20th ult, says:—“With much pleasur able anticipation the people, pf Northern looked .forward to tho first concert given by the Northern Orchestral Society on Wednes day evening last, and that theirmpst, exal . ted hopes wore fully realised found expres sion on all hands. • There was a very largo attendance, and the audience was thoroughly appreciative. The town of Northern is , truly blessed in having such excellent local talent available to make pleasant the. so journ of its residents, . In Mr. Henderton a conductor has bcon found possessing.great ability and all tho enthusiasm necessary to command success.” (The Mr. Henderson referred to was till recently 'a resident of Bendigo, and was well known here in musi cal circles.) ... .. Post.and Telegbabh Oeeices Closed.— , The Post Office doses to-day at. 10 a.m., it being gazetted a public holiday for the show day of the. Melbourne -Agricultural Society. The telegraph office wUI bo opon from 8.30 a.iiL to 10 a.mi and from 6 p.m. to 7 p.ml Only tho first delivery by letter carriers will bo effected. Citt Police Couet.— -Messrs. Perry, 1 Henderson, and Gibson wore tho adjudicat ing magistrates yesterday; 'Eugene Edward Johnson, a young, man about 21 yeare r-f ago, was charged with insulting, behavior the previous evening, atLake Weerooha., A full,,account, of. the arrest 'd£ Johnson' hp-' neared in yesterday’s Independent. Mr. Murphy appeared on behalf of the accused. * emloy, John KilsbyandEUward. U Neill deposed to seeing Jbluisoh at Lake, Woeroona the- previous - evening rdrtsscd in woman’s clothes., Owing to the ghost scare,; the: three men accostedjdie accused j charged l hmi with having acted the “ghost” nud-after-i wards, Handed himrovor' to .Constable Mo : n-> cnoff. When arrested Johnson hhd r an : iron; bar; with him and- several stones 4n hisi pockets. ...He stated: that; he'' had simply; assumed the, attire for Hie pucposo.ofr'catch : \ mg the ghost,>The .accuscd went into the) witness -box and' deposed thathfetSflturday ] reghb.about lO o’clocfc'hb won't'homo and’ found his mother.speechless frormfright .She? afterwards explained tKafciHhe v< ghbaij' : had 1 frightened , her. - Otf : Tuesday evening .'lie : drewed, himself; in liis mo'ther's'clofhcs wifh,! the knowledge of 'his; parents and v/ent /toI , Lako- Wecroona m order to catch. the ghdk ! but. he was mistaken for. ghostand 'got i caught himself. -He assumed the feifiajo at- \ tiro becauseihe thought tho ghost; would ho : more hkeiy to try and,frighten Him mad ho - would, be able/to'/get neareirrtb ;.vt K ®lfe" chairman said' the bench wdf e ( 6f omnlbn thrt i Johnson .did nofejntond *. j gnbst, biit that he did a vory iH 1 donmng. female' Attire i^paradiM.i^ «*?; B Y C & a ;They(tonsidM)thaf the justice-of -the case would be' motif ac ; los. :to tho:p<jdr bo£ Mr. 1 Murphy, stated that •■•he - woidd' persdriWfly /guarantee-that theamount named shouhTbe: gypn and accused: wife then dis6hargdd;-, eorge, McNamara was charged having' threatening language towa^':his\wii?^ ult/? Mrs. McNamara: atafed-that. hefhus “f mp %eate^g{langu^e;towiiS^ ? her, and had said he would >poison fand :; . put her m:hog.::box' , yefoi i irmWtfi^^r'.y>^f^|^; d6red.tofiudone ; Thu following debt cnscs word. : deolfc with, orders being mode for tho omuuntß claimod, with costa Sandhurst Pioneer Ooropora-vS tivo Company' v. George Bingb, £5 19e,y4d, . costs 13a. ; Mrs. ,Pernor. v, George,'* £2, costa 13s, A caso, ; Jambfl Beimott'y, Mrs. IJoy, tliere hbt/boing;, ■evidence to allow that dofendaiitordefod lljq , go'odSj oiid tJiat’ hdr ; liUßbiipd^ftB^hot:^o*; sensible, Mr. Maiifliy for .the complamaufcandMr, Dunlop uir defendant.. Loyal Sandhurst Lonou, l.p.C'.P!—The mbetirig'waa held ;bh : Monday evening :qt ; this ;NvGvir'i Bra K/. prcsidUig, The ,«uk yiisir< tniV ‘VoportT \v«s ;V<ic«v6d, anA £5 nay passed for, .payment),..;, Ojnd; nr6pqs|l&m; • lot* momlibrship was- rwbiyed. > Tho. at^rc^ ■ (Bjco. Moirep.m) 'donated £1 jßilito; the~ Bra-,lntroducing the,’n?oBb, inaopthop idiuriiig the, next Item., - The ;quartorJy r rpportT ; of the standing committee, which showed tho crderifo bo In a .flourishing; condition, was. received. The., receipti . for Amounted tovfiSl &jlwd;,* j., Mils. Kmo announces. will make ' her,. Spring, show of, the lateab. Saturday and that slio paysls ihtho£ ( bonus for caalu:. .- \- Thr, ExemißioN! train. which is being run. to, Ballarat in connection; witlifhe choir com petitlpn fnwcb .Tuesday,promises to be well; patronised;; 1 Already'’ a groat: demand!-' Itas. been made for .tickets. ! - ,'./ v. •. v: ■; ;l \- Scrip rmia League.—The monthly. meet ing of the Scripture League; which was. to have boon; .held, nk tho Tbuqiofniico Hall last evening, wos allowed .to lapse 'owing, (o the sparse .attendance. ! > Tier. “Windsor Jht' the our; ; rent Woiitlf is- $6 hand, irom the local agentj ! Mr-’ Hamptbn., ; ‘/ V. v 1-’ KtUK on^fl’btAUSiwrdu?— -At a: moating of the Mutual 1 Society "in qbniiection with the Scyiacur: Prtebytomn Ohurcli,, a veso ' Itition in ftyor of legalising tbo . 'wir unanimously, carried!., !:■ •, _ . Tim ••x-ihnvbr of,-Echuca , divided among .Mm loual charities ,a sum of £2O. 1 Mu, J. A,..Tuph, licensee of MieUrJforn jflotei, formerly of Bendigo, who, ; l-tui ~bcen seriovsly ill. lor several weeks,. Js pow r lightly -better! ’ »;.* V aro requested, to. state that. ;the y.qjisgman: . Johnson, .who was tJcylng to catch tho ghost in 'Lake Wobroona^in', the ; attire of a female,' is not mamod', assisted •.hv yesterday's itodo. ! . • *! StatK'Schools.— Wo learn that ,ali:tho •Oity State schodls, except .White' Hills, will bqjn full work tp-day (Thursday.) The holiday wifllJo taken'on Friday. . , { i, M-Coll. v. JBfoaKiKs.r-Tho sslondpr action, M'CoU y. joskins, will be resumed, at the Tiaw Courts this aftoen’obn, ai-2,'45’' o’clock! - The evidence, Which’. 1 was completed j oW; Tuesday, • will b.o reviewed! \ ... ; Mr.s*mu9/ - iaxp :, A meeting of the" committee; will be field! ‘at the Trades'' Hall tb-inortow- nigllt/ at 6.30. ' ■ ■" , , ; At ItpdiiESTEß ,6n, Thursday, September B,' Messrs. C! Walker ,! 0«! will 300 head of stdfq bullocks,/-sound -and heMthy,. • if* •- To-day commencing - at! lialfrpa*t 1 o’clock Mr.! J, 11., Oumow. will hold an extensive auction sale of household fitmituro st .jhis; rooms, View street. , The. whole will ;be on,yiow from 9 o’clock ; this morning. j To-djY, at 3 o’clock, ilr. J, H. Ourhow will sell ly miction, at his' rooms, street, M»e following , properties Three acres freehold land situated Neale street, Back Greek j /with weatherboard house ij a largo block with small building thereon - situated Adams fbsd, close to ; olio * Bed White and Blue : mine ; > two commodious weatherboard houses erected on r a large’free hold rillotment-m Anderson- street; a foUr roomed shop and dwelling main road,; Long Gully ; a freehold block in Arins striiot. Long .Gully,' with two cottages thereon | and two vacant'freehold allotments" in Benpett street, next to the 0 Garden Gully Beef Hotel,. Full imrfciculats are adyertised to-day. < IIOWAN STREET PIiIMITiVE METHODIST Gnu UCIT.—On 1 Tucsdivy oveninga well attended social, givdri by a friend, camo off. After .tea thb following programme Was rendered Mr; J. Hughes; recitation, Miss L. 'Fairbaicn j Btory without words, Mr. R. G. Eamos ; rocita ;lib«, Miss N; Trosidda; solo, Miss H; Liddoll; dialogue, six young peoplb from Arnold street Wesleyan Glmrch.; solo, Mr. Early,;, solo; Miss ‘Trosidda; , robitation, Miss Dora Eairbairo ; solo, Miss liiicldoll; .duet, Misses Trogidda and •QovVy Kearns, Tiio ciroviit steward, Mv. Dunstan,presided inA most,happy. and ogrec nblo manner.. Miss Kearns,- the recently op , pointed church brganisf played ,tho accompani ments. ‘ • ,' ; - Art Gallery.—The numbov of visitors-tor tho month of August was 4448," including 1013 on Sundays. ' * • • 1 Mbsdamks - Colgan, Hayes iFegan are [.holding a social in conncction . with ihoir stall'. lin tho Town Hall, bo' Tuesday' evening next.' [ Tickets may bo obtained : at Mr. Stapleton's, .Arcodp. l - ■ ’ ’ ' v • !, To-day, at 2 o’clock, at their Messrs. G. Hi Hobson and Cos. will sell’a quantity of jbwq)loryj-under instructions from' Mr. Horro iWite.. ''Vi' '' *: 