jXEWS OF THE DAY. It Is probable that the Treasurer will lie able to launch tbe estimates hi the Assembly this evening. Tlie consideration of the Council's uinendments In tbc Plural Voting Abolition Bill will be the first liusluess. nud it should not take long for the House to de- cide on rejecting tho preferential vote tacked on to the hill by tlie other Chamber. Then comes tbe Immigration llestrlciiou Bill, which the Council has modified to re semble tbc New South Males net. As tlic Minister of Customs Is able to ho lu his place to-dnv. this lull will be dealt wltli. and pro bably some variation of the Council a amend ments will be suggested by the Government. The estimates will tben be taken up. anil they will engngc nttentlon for almost the whole remainder of the session. The Coun cil will begin work to-dnv on tbe Purification of Bolls Bill. Tluwe are three other hills before the Land Bill, and the time for deal ing with Ibis Important measure Is drawing lu; but the delay may not. ho unprofitable, be cause Council members will be better able to recognise, If they study tbe measure, that It has been well digested In tbe other House, nnd need not ho debated with the same de- tailed criticism that might otherwise he ne cessary. There Is, lu fact, very little ground left fur the Couueil to suggest any uinend ments. It is understood also that the Laud Bill has been put back In tlie business wltli tbe object of clearing tbo smaller bills out of tbe way, so that members may settle dowu to the I.nnd E1H exclusively for the rest of the session. Additional evidence of the Immense timber resources of tbe tVurburton district wns ob tained by the Forest Commission during a recent visit. The members of the commis sion wout to Llllydnlo on Friday, and then to M'nrburton, whence they drove up Big Pal's Creek for about <5 utiles, and examined the character of the timber. On Saturday tbey went to Old Wnrburton, nnd exnmlncd soino rugged nnd broken auriferous country held under OOtb section leases. At Mr. Davidson's farm, ou tlio Little Ynrrn, they Inspected the timber still romnlnliig In the parishes of Wnrburton and Boenak. Seven saw mill sites linve been applied for in view of the early construction of n railway from Llllydnlo to M'nrburton; two at Big Pat's Crcelc, two on the .Britannia Creek, twoa nt M'nrburton and Beonnk, uud one In the par ish of Youongn. Much Interest wns aroused hy the existence of groat bolls of grey oi- spotted gum, mountain ash and messmate; the supplies available for mill work being larger thnu even those of the Toolnngi Forest. M'hen a railway Is built there will probably be u great output of mining laths for tbc use of the centra! gold fields, besides sutvn timber and palings. The pil-sent ob stacles to transport may bo realised from tlie fact that during the four mouths ending with October only 48 tons of mining laths were tnken from the western part of the forest to a railway station; but In the last three weeks, in consequence of the roads drying with the bent, lot) tons were carted out. The demand for mining laths is large niul Increasing, owing to tlie development of alluvial workings such us those Of Creswlek nud Moolort districts. As this forest Is' only about 40 miles from Melbourne, null .would be readily accessible It a railway wei'e laid down, it affords tt very valuable source of supply. Together with the Too- lnagt Forest, it provides nearly 500,000 acres of timbered country. In some places iCiul section leaseholds have been taken up; but the most of them are abandoned, and the commission proposes to nsk tho Govern ment to reserve these nreiis for forest pur- poses. The rigid adherence to established forms and methods which the outer aspect of mili tary life suggests to tlie average observer is —in this colony, at all oveuts— by no racnns maintained in the Inner management of the forces, ns wns shown by evidence given yes terday before the select committee appointed by the Legislative Couueil to Inquire into the present system of making appointments to tlie Victorian l'ernianeut Artillery. It is clear from the Inquiry, so fnr as it lias gone, that the commandant. Sir Charles II. Smith, takes, nud the Defence depart ment acquiesces hi his doing so, a discre tionary power In regard to appointments whleli appears, to say the least of it, to be very unusual and quite out of barmouy with the practice of the Imperial authorities. The explanation offered by tbe commandant yesterday wns that there are difllcultlcs in filling up vacancies here that are never en countered In England. A vacancy, he snld, might oecurat any time, and there he nohody Qualified to fill it uuder the terms of tho ordinary regulations. Ilonec, lu order to get the best1 man available, and make the ap pointment within reasonable time, the regu lations liavo liad jiiorp than once to be set aside— ov "motflfleil,"'iis be preferred to put It.' Ill the ease under uotlee there had beeu n lieutenancy open In the l'crmaiient Artll- .lery for 18 mouths, and It wub "urgently" necessary to make nn appointment- Mr James Lllloy, who had been about -seven years In tbc borse artillery, nnd lind other useful military experience, seemed to the Mnjor-Qencrnl nnd other omcers to he the right man. but lie wns some nine months over the age limit of 25 years fixed by regu lation. So tho regulation wns altered, rais ing tlie limit to 27 yenru, and ultimately Mr Lillc.v wns appointed un probntlon. An ox- nniliintton followed, In which be was only partly successful, nnd lie Is to be rc-cxnin- Incd (after n delay of many months, tlint ap pears to tnkc the form of n special Indul gence to lilm) In the remainder of tho sub jects prescribed. Mcnuwhlle another cnuill- dnte. Mr. Skene, 1ms Qualified for service, nnd bis claims nrc represented In tbc exami nation. .A stricter vluw of Ids application wns taken under tlic regulations, aud there Is n suggestion that lio wns not fulrly denlc with. 'The Mnjar-Gcncrnt replies that Mr Skene wqs not 'qualified'1 hy either service nr experience to he n cntidlUnte at the time the other competitor was accepted. The In quiry will be resumed to-morrow. lu Victoria of late there lina been nu nu|. crv ngninst tbc Stnte Interfering with those who chilm lo roproscnt vested rights In busi ness opurntious. MJillst It Is admitted that it Government may conclude a contract for the carriage of mails It has uo business to extend Its operations by including a prod- Men for the transit of pcrlshnblc produce or lo enter Into uny operation which may tend to compete with private enterprise. Some thing like a shock will bo folt by these ar dent supporters of Individualism to lenrn that tho municipality of Glasgow, wlilcb has recently decided to construct electric tram ways for street transit, lins decided to go Into tlic hanking business. The special com mittee on tills subject lias drafted a report which will bo submitted in duo course to the town council. The committee recommend that Parliamentary powers be sought for the Issue by tho corporation of notes, payable to hearer In gold on demand, to an amount not exceeding inOO.OOO. against which the council sluill not be required to keep in hnnd gold or negotiable securities more tlinn the half of whatever amount of the total issue is cur rent. the other half being adequately secured by tbe surplus assets of tbc corporntiou- whlch are estimated nt T2.S00.000. It Is also proposed to establish a borrowing depart- menr, where citizens can deposit nnd with draw inonevs on current or deposit account on such terms as to lutorcst and dates or withdrawal as may be arranged from time to time. MTlh reference to the request of thoPromlrc that tlic municipalities should nsk him in a definite form to appoint a royal commis. sion to inquire Into the working ot the Me tropolitan Board of Works. Instead of leaving It to liiiu to say whether such inquire is accessary, the chairman of the conference has directed the secretary to.nsk tbc councils Interested to consider the matter and to com municate their opinion direct to the Pre mier. This Is a sensible course In view of (lie objections taken at the late conference that it was dominated by the number of members of the bonrd sent there by the councils inter ested, some of whom did not send delegates, as they hail written direct to tho Premier before tho conference wkb called. Mr. l-oster. the Minister of Mines, has re- turned from bis visit to Castlemainc- and has decided on the applications for dredg ing leases, which ho went to investigate on tlie spot. Tho applications granted nre tboso of D. Thompson, for 140 chains on Forest Creek, at Chcwtou: the Campbell's creek Dredging Compnny. which takes In soinc flnts and rises adjacent to tbo creek; niul M. II. Collelt, for part ot Campbell's Creek. 'The greater portion of the lattcc lease will be excised, ns the mining bourd and the working miucrs object to the higher slopes being given up. but tlio creek ilseif may be taken up bv the applicant if tie wishes. In all these leases a condition will he inserted that the miners on other ground may put their tailings into the creeks leased for dredging purposes, hovoral applications far dredging lenses at Golden Point nuil Moonlight Flat were refused, because the areas were considered to be specially suit able for work by worn out miners. 11. Pnull's application for n lease on Campbell s Creek wns refused, because It is commanded by nn extension of the Diamond Gully race, which the department Intends to bring from the Collbnn system to assist working minors on tbe alluvial ground, which is also almost new country. There are about 100 families of worn out miners subsisting on these creeks, going away when work Is to he gor. and falling back on tbe mining In slack times. The men average about 30s. a week. Tho extension of the Diamond Gully race Is to give them a hotter water supply; hut if some of tbc Ioobcb had been granted tbe land would have been banded over to- a few Individuals. A few days ago tlie Minister of Agricul ture telegraphed to the Departments of Ag riculture In Sydney aud New Zealand for in formation about a new method of branding cattle by steam, whleli was snld to leuve a purinnncnt brand without Injuring the hide. A reply from Mr. Cook, the Syducy Minister, Intimates that tho officers in New Soma Wales have not yet fully satisfied themselves as to the complete siioccbb of the system. The Impression takes longer than that of tlic fire brand, aud Is seldom made without a blotch, caused apparently by the escape ot steam owing to the least movement of the animal. It will require some time to prove that the lmlr will not grow again on the sur face treated, nud the N'ew South Wales otli- elals nrc not at present In a position to detl- nltely pronounce on the merits ot the inven tion. The Minister lias not yet heard from N'ew Zealand ou tho matter. He will pro- linbly arrange for a trial to be made In this colony, as tho 'destruction ot our hides by the fire brand has doue much to discount the excellent work of the Victorian tanner ies, aud a process which would overcome that difficulty would be of great value. There Is nt least one point at which pes simistic critics ot the Factories Act among manufacturers aro Inclined to bait In their enumeration of charges agniust that much abused piece of legislation. For over two hours last night, at the mooting of tbc Cham ber of Manufactures, the act was viewed from nil quarters, and blamed largely for causing sweating, overpressure of compcli- tlou (especlnlly lu the furniture trade), loss of export business and other offences. But the line was drawn when Mr. T. Phillips, a Golllngivood boot manufacturer, whose. slow, laconic speech certainly did not suggest any Impetuosity, got np and usserted that, so far as employes in Ids trade were concerned, the only effect of the act wns "to make prosti- tutcH ot tho young girls nnd gaol birds of lho hoys"; and, "as for the old men," lie con tinued, "I don't know what we will do with them. They will have to go to the house on the St. Kllda-rond or go to gaol." What the act had done for himself was to kill the "Industrial Instinct" In him, and ho wns ready to sell his business and clear out of the country. Mr. J. Bnrnctt demanded that the reflection upon the morals of employes In the trade should l>o withdrawn, and the mooting generally agreed with him. He said the statement was vile uud untrue. "1 will be pleased to withdraw It," replied Mr. rhllllps: "but I'm it uinu who speaks bis inlad, and 1 don't speak anything but what Is true." Tats elicited laughter nud "Oh, oil's," and Mr. Bnrnctt made another demonstration. Mr- Phillips withdrew eventually "in deference to his friend's feelings," nnd managed also to withhold nu illustration of "a certain case" which the rest of the company did not want to bear. Since the complaint made by Mr. H. A. Ferguson, malinger of the National Mortgage and Agency Company of New Zealand, regard ing tlie letter pillar clearances, the Postal de partment is taking steps to have these mat ters brought up to date. As wns shown by Mr. Ferguson's communication, published lu "The Age" of yesterday, the tleic of the Inst clearance ot tho letter pillar at the corner ot Coilius aud William streets, on Saturdays, was altered from 5 p.m. to 3.0 p.m. This al teration, hotvevor, had not beeu nollUed ou the card attached to tbe pillar, and there was nothing to lutlmatc to the public that the stutomont that the pillar would be cleared at 5 p.m. wns Incorrect. From inquiries mndc at the rostul department, It Is elicited that the alteration in the time of clearing the pillar was made several years ago. The cor rection of the card was merely a matter of erasing the figure 5, and substituting "3.0," hut the remarkable admission Is officially made that this amendment vvns "not thought necessary." It has, liowovor, now hecn mode. The department lias discovered that u similar condition of affairs existed In con nection with a letter pillar at Willlnmstown. Tills also has now been attended to. It 1b, of course, possible tlmt there nrc instances of the same kind of neglect in various other suburbs. Residents afiectcd by this class ot inattention should lose no time In making the matter kuown. Recognising the silly ex hibition It has made of Itself In the corres pondence Willi Mr. Ferguson, the depart ment Is now in a state ot feverish anxiety to put small things right. The nggrlcved public should not omit to turn tills Interval In the departmental somnolence to some good account. To-morrow, nt 11 o'clock, the Commis- sioner of Railways will be Interviewed on holiulf of the Council of School Hoards of Advice, who will ask- for a reduction ot the fares for State school excursions to the old rale. These fores have beeu considerably lncrcnsed, with tbe result that, according itn the boards of advice, the school excur sions have hecn abolished, and the depart ment loses revenue instead ot gaining by It. The summer time table for tlic railways, Which comes Into operation on 1st December, lms necessitated a largo number of altera tions In the mall arrangements for different parts of the colony. Amongst the places affected by the ebunges are Ballavnt, Gee- long and Ucndlgo. AVItli regard to Bendlgo, Hie mall now closing at 11.30 a.m. wilt close nt 11 a.m., and that closing at u.45 p.m. will close at 5 p.m. -For liallarat and places be yond the mail now closing at 5.30 a.m. will close at C.40 a.m., and tbat closing nt 5.45 p.m. will close bnlf an hour earlier, viz., at 5.15 p.m. -The rnallB for tbe Gcolong line, now closing nt D.45 p.m., will also, after tbe date mentioned, close rit C.15 p.m. There Is reason to believe that Mr. Matbio- son, In Ills last alteration of trains on the Melbourne to Bendlgo line, lias produced anything but a happy result. In a weak moment, a request was mnde to the Rnllwny department that a little more speed might he put on the last down train — which for the past 30 years has left Melbourne within a few minutes before 7 — so that It might land travellers going up country nt their destinations a little earlier than nt present, fi'be outcome bus been that, In spite of subBe- rpient remonstrances, the 7.15 p.m. Irnlu has been virtually taken off, for its time lias been changed to 5.45. People travelling on the Hoe, who lmvo for some time enjoyed a chance of either going by tlio 4.50 express or the 7.15 ordinary, are thus curtailed lu their time of leaving, while many business arrangements for which tlic 7.1G was well suited are upset. -It is stated nt Uendlgo thut the change made, which takes effect tin 1st December, was neither asked for nor expected, and tbe result Is to make what was a tolerable service quite Inconvenient to pa trons of the railway, and still more so to business people at both cuds. IVhen practical people see an express train and the Inst ulght train run within 55 mluntcs of each other, they might he excused for thinking one or 1ke other an absolute waste. Tbe humor of the Incident consists in the fact of this most remarkable policy being nppllcd to Kcndlgn — a city in whlcli the present Minister of the department might bo supposed to lake some what more than ordinary interest, as his own constituents nt Eaglohnwk must have it direct Interest In the question. The Usury Bill now before Parliament .was referred to nt the half yearly meeting uf the Mont do Pletu Company yesterday. The ehalruinn, Mr. F. AVIinpole, took pains la impress upon the shareholders that the passing of the bill would not be prejudicial to tbelr Interests. "IVo should rather favor II," be said. "Oar present rates of interest are within a fraction of those which it is proposed to fix under JJiIr net, and there Is m> reason why we should take objection to II." Referring to other provisions of' the bill, lie mentioned tbat tlic company wns at times unfortunate enough to be mixed up in police 'court eases. "When wo do appour In court," lie said, "the magistrates, thinking that wo are a wcll-to-ilo company, let lis in for It If iliey can. Tills is certainly very- unfair, as If Is always our endeavor to assist the police where we suspect anything wrong, mid wo do not encourage anything .tlmt Is not straightforward." During some congratulatory references made yesterday lit the meeting of the Free- trade Democratic Assoclnt Ion to the reduc tion of linrhor dues In Port Phillip, recently authorised by the Minister of Customs, u curious fact was mentioned lu relation to the similar duties imposed til New South Wales. Whilst the association was searching for Information In the neighboring colonies as to the port charges, It was discovered that at Xewcnstlo, Now South Wales, neither the customs ollicluls nor the merchants knew that ships entering the port under certain conditions were by linv exempt from harbor dues, consequently charges have been Ille gally collected after they had beeu abolished by Parliament. The Full Court of six judges sat yesterday to hear arguments on a special ease staled to determine the basis to be adopted In the rating of tlio Melbourne Tramway ami Omni bus Company's undertakings. Knrly last year the company appealed against the as sessment of its undertakings by tlie City of Melbourne and those suburban' municipalities through which Its lines run. The appeal was argued on various dates before Judge Casey, who decided that. In tlie valuation of Its properties for rntiug purposes, tlie compnny wns entitled to claim deductions from Its gross earnings In respect of Its debenture Interest and sinking fund. These deductions were so large that Ills Honor's decision prac tically had the effect of relieving the coin- puny of a liability to pay something like ifiOOO tn rates for tlie year Involved. The city of Fltzroy, one of the respondent mnul- ehmlltles. then applied tn Judge Casey to state a special case for the opinion of the Supreme Courr. The application was re fused, but a mandamus was granted by the Supremo Court to compel tits Honor to state a eusc. Arguments In tills special case were heard early this month by tlie Full Court, consisting of Mr. Justice Williams. Mr. Jus tice Hnlrnyd nnd Mr. Justice Hood; but as some of tlio points in dispute Involved the accuracy of a decision given by tlio Full Court in 1804 relative to a similar nppcul, their Honors deemed It ndvisnlde to have the mutter argued before the full bench of Mx judges. The arguments occupied the whole of yesterday's sitting, and "nil not boon concluded when the court adjourned until 11 o'clock Mas morning. Mr. Cussoti and Mr. hllontrlck. Instructed by Messrs. Crisp. Lewis and H odder wlek, appeared for the city of Fltzroy; and tbe Altorney-Geueral ami Mr. Dryaut, Instructed by Messrs. Alal- cioii. England and Stewart, for tbe com pany. Reserved judgment was delivered bv Mr Justice Williams in the Supreme Court ves- teriliiy in the action brought by Edward Aathati Brown, as trustee of-the Insolvent estate of the late O. H, James, against beorgc Iligglhs, engineer, to obtain a de claration that a partnership In a dredging business existed between the defendant and ''cccased from August, 1S90, until April, loth. According to the stnlcincnt of claim, the partnership was formed In August, 1SOO, In accordance with the terms of two. letters written by defendant to James. These pro vided tbat the latter should join defendant Jn the Von Schmidt dredging business, tak ing a half share Interest tberciu on certain .conditions. The defendant denied the part nership, and said that if any partnership .was entered Into It wns on certain terms which hud not been fulfilled by the decoused. M". Justice Williams said no found there w.fe a partnership between James nnd Hig gle.. ami tlmt James's duty was to finance varwgs contracts. In May, 1SD3, however, Jnr><>8 accepted an offer made liy Hlgglns lo et-e him tlic £1000 that lie would have hssh entitled to, assuming there was no Mr'Uership, and £000 extra, by wiping out a (lev. of £2500 owing by James to Hlgglns, Provided tlmt the former would nbnudon nil ills rights nnd clnlnts as nn alleged partner, uno defence that James had -waived and abandoned any rights which he had under 'he partnership was a good one. There was such a wnlver and ubnndonmeut. There would, therefore, be judgment for defou- ' with costs, plaintiff io lmvo the costs ut tlic issues on wblcli be lind succeeded. Mr. Topp and Mr. Hayes, Instructed by Messrs. Brabntn and I'lranl, npepnred for Plaintiff; and Mr. Irvine and Mr. Cussen. instructed by Messrs. Madden and Butler. (or defendant. A disastrous land speculation made by Mr. iVii i Beuoet In the days of tlic -booiu was una before Judge Moleswortli In the Insol vency Court yesterday, _durlug an examina- tion in tlio estate of Robert Barclay Mac- pliersou btevensou, of Balwyn, gentleman. In answer to questions put by Mr; Brabam, who appeared for tbe trustee, Mr. Rennet said be knew the Insolvent us a squatter nnd land owner, nnd had bad one "ileal" with Iilui. In May, 18SS, be entered Into a contract for tlic purchase of 3000 acres ot land nt Mlckle- linm, near Crnlgieburn, front the Insolvent for £50,000. The terms wore that he should pay a deposit of £1000; n further sum of £12,000 within one week ot the signing ot the con tract, and the hulauce by bills. He paid £13,000, as well as Interest on the balance, and on a mortgage which was over the pro perty when he inadu the purchase; but In September, 1803, ho found It necessary to enter tulo negotiations for the rescission of the eoutraet. Finally he was granted a re lease from the contract on giving up posses sion of the property and paying iuOO, so tlmt lie uot only lost the cash deposits, amount ing to £13,000, as well as the uinomit paid by way of Interest, but he also had to pay £500 nnd give up possession of the properly in order to obtain a release from Ills bargain. He was released from the contract. In Octo- ber, 1803, and subsequently n claim wns made mi him by Insolvent's representative for £1300 Interest. Tills he refused to pay, how ever, Inasmuch as he considered that the payment of the £500 was In lull satisfaction of Ills liability under tlie contract. The specu lation wns purely ou his own account and no one else wns Interested In the transaction. After other evidence had been given relative to the estate, the court adjournal. A Chinese Interpreter, named William Wong Goldlowu Ilawtslug, brought an ac tion against Uuey tilling Rue, of Utile Rourke-street, storekeeper, in the County Court, yesterday, before Judge Gaunt, to re cover £500 damages fur alleged malicious prosecution. 1'liilutlff complained that de fendant maliciously nud without reasonable and probable cause preferred a charge of larceny against 1dm and prosecuted him 011 tlmt charge nt tlie City Court on Sill Septem ber last. Tlie case was dismissed. Defen dant pleaded tlmt there was uo mill lee und no want of reasonable nnd probnble cause; and Judge Gnuut, after bearing evidence, gave Judgment for defendant, Willi costs. Air. II. S. Cole and Mr. F. Barrett appeared for plaintiff ; and Air. Eaglcson, instructed by Alcssrs. AInddock, Johnson nud Jamlesou, for defendant. Four other actions brought by the same plaintiff against Wong Dew, Goon Xoo, Bok Boy nnd Chun Boy, Chinese storekeepers, to recover £500 damages In each case for alleged sluudcr, were struck out. An adjourned meeting of the senntc of the University of Melbourne will be held at 4.30 p.m. to-day, at the Assembly Ilnil, Collins- street cast, to consider the following, reso lution to be moved by tile Rev. S. G. M'Rnren, ABA., and seconded by Dr. Beeper: — "Tlmt in tlic opinion of this senate the power conferred upon the council of tlic Uni versity by tlie 10th secllon of the University Statute Xo. v., entitled 'The Professors,' lo moke inquiry concerning the conduct of any professor should apply to conduct I11 or out of office, whether manifested In action, writ- lug or speech, and in like manner that the power conferred upon the council by the same section to censure, suspend or dismiss any professor for misconduct should apply to misconduct In or out of office, and the senate request the council lo Initiate legis lation more clearly defining Its powers, or, if thought necessary, enlarging Its powers to the ex'tent above specified." The Mothers' Union, the chief object ot which Is defined as "to awaken lu mothers a scuso of their great responsibilities 11s the trainers of the next generation," held its annual meeting at the Chapter House yester day afternoon. The Bishop of Melbourne presided, and there wns a large attendance of Indies. The report staled that during tlie year the union hail been quietly but stead ily at work, and Hint new brandies bail boon formed in different parts of the dio cese of .Melbourne. Reference was made to tlie necessity for inculcating sound principles of morality In the young, and I lie report went 011 lo say tlmt "if only tlio fundamen tal principles of the Mothers' Union were faithfully observed, we should senrcelv find possible such nn exhibition of glaring Im proprieties as wns displayed by one holding a high position In our University. The coun cil of the Mothers' Union are thankful for the firm stand taken by tbe public press I11 tills mutter or paiuful notoriety, ami trust It muv have its effect In the elevation of the moral tone of the community." Ciinou Fluids, -In speaking lo the report, praised the work done by the union, and wished It every suc cess. There were In tlie city those who went about selling "h'orrllilo literature," the teaching ol' which was Intended to keep women away from the Idea of motherhood. He considered that (lie true life of a woman was not the life of pleasure or the life of power and iiilluenee,- lmt that: shadowed forth byitlie example of the mother of Xuza- retb. The report and imltinrc sheet were adopted, and the officers were re-elected for the eusoliig year. . In response In a reqursL made by employes I11 the cordial manufacturing trade, a meet ing of those so engaged has been called by the Anll-Swcatlng Beagiie, to be held nt the Melbourne Temperance Hull, this evening, at S o'clock, to consider Hie present position and the outlook of the trade. "Continual Ions ot the Doctrine of the Su preme God, as seen In the Developments of the Aryan Religion," wns the title of a lec ture delivered yesterday afternoon, In the Independent Hull, by the lfev. Dr. Bcvan. Tlie subject wns one tbat lent Itself to treat ment from an educational nitlier tluiu 1111 entertaining standpoint, and, recognising I his, Dr. lSovuu fore warned Ills audience that bis remarks would nor. be "exactly popular." It was evident from the wny'ln which fills an nouncement was received that most of those present: regarded this as a prelude to some thing more than usually Interesting. 'J'he lecturer explained that lie Intended to Illus trate his arguments by quotations rrom the early religious writings which formed the basis of the Hindu religion. These writings, he men tioned, were called "Vedns," which wore fur ther distinguished, according to their anti- uu'ty, by the terms "rig," "yngur" and "suma," the most, recent being known as "ntharvn." The audience was also Initiated Into tlie mysteries of "snnntas." " mnatras" and "ernhinanns." as well as the iiictrleal peculiarities of saninaatras. It was then Hint the lecturer, struck with the lunttentive attitude of some of his hearers, explained that If his l'cinarksiniiglit sound a little aca demic, it was really because he wished the members of his audience to exorcise their thinking faculties. But It was decidedlr un fortunate that when tlie brain of tlie ordi nary person commenced to work, the eyelid begun to fall. 'Tills remark was greeted with loud applause, nnd for the remainder of his lecture the rev. gentleman was accorded an excellent hearing. 'The examination of clerks of courts, who are candidates for promotion to the fourth class, will be held In tlio Second Civil Court this morning nt 10 o'clock. The annual St. Andrew's dinner, under the auspices of the Caledonian Society of Mel bourne, will lie held ut the Freemasons' Ilal! 011 Wednesday evening. I11 tlie absence of the president, Mr. AI. D. AI'Enclmrii, the chair will be occupied by Air. D, E. M'llrydc. Tlie gathering promises to bo it larger one than any of recent years, and Hie society desires It tn he known that the meeting Is not confined to members only, but nny gen tleman Interested can obtnln tickets' from members of the council or at the offices of the society, 31 Quecn-strcet, Melbourne. A concert will bo given this evening at tlio Seamen's Institute, Ueiieleslicet, Port Melbourne, by Mr. Seokump, to which all sudors are invited. The Rev. Dr. wolfenUen will deliver a lecture on llauntcd Houses and Bow the Ghosts were Laid, this evening, at 8 o'clock, in the Temperance Ball. v We are requested In drniv (be nl lent lm of these interested in tbe improvement of tlie Australian terrier to an advertisement appearing in another column. In order Io prevent a multiplication of gifts of 011c particular class, we have been asked to men tion that the daughters of the late Mr. W111. Peter son ore continuing Ids Christmas donation of toys to tlie Melbourne hospitals, Ac. We are requested lo draw attention to an ad vertisement which appears in another column, re ferring to a debate between the Melbourne and Pruhrnn branches of the A.X.A. Subject: Should Habitual Drunkenness he Treated as a Disease, and Not as a Crime? Visitors are invited. The pupils of Messrs. Stott and Monro's business rollego held a picnic at Blackburn on Saturday .last. During the ufternoon a programme of sports was gone through very successfully, and after tea a musical evening was held in the Blackburn hall, visitors reached town again shortly after 10 p.m., well pleased with the day's outing. «e linve received a copy of the balance sheet of tlio city of Praliraii corporation employes' ehnrit- nhle sports, bold 011 Otlt November. 'The receipts were .CiO 3s. (id., nnd expenditure .£:(( 19s. 7d., leaving 11 balance of £35 :is. lid., two-thirds of which will be donated to the Alfred Hospital, and one-third to the Children's Hospital. The Victorian Softgoods Association's moonlight bay excursion takes jdaco this evening. The paddle steamer llygoia will leave Port Melbourne railway O'er at 8 o'clock sharp, the last train to connect with the steamer lcnving Minders- street nt 7.45 a.m. Only a few tickets remain unsold of the limited number issued, nnd may be obtained nt the association rooms, 1SI Flindcrs-strcct. A first class band lias been engaged, and an excellent pro gramme lias been arranged for a concert on deck. To-day s auction sales will include the following: —Messrs. Beauchanip Bros., piano, furniture, &c.;, Shpobrn-rpad. Elslernwlek, 11 a.m. Alcssrs. Lnng- ridge and Son, laial nnd suburban properties. Queen-street, noon. Messrs. Gcniinotl, Tuckelt ""'1 Cp.,, pinna, furniture. Are.. Ilothnni- street, East St. Hilda, 11 a.m.; mining leases, Stock Ex change, 11.45 a.m. Messrs. Uaylec and Co.. piano, furniture, j.-c., George-street, Fitzroy, 11 n.in. Messrs. Hellicar nnd Council, jetvellerv, &o.;, Col- llns-streel, 11.30 n.m. Messrs. IV. E. Wells and Son, hillinrd table, buggy, furniture, 4c., Claren don-Street, South Melbourne, 2 p.m. 