“Camperdown Chronicle.” PUBLISHED Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday SUBSCRIBERS RECEIVE A SUPPLEMENT WITH EACH ISSUE. SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1898. GENERAL NEWS. There are several interesting short stories in the supplement with to-day's issue, and also an instalment of the serial "The Last Stroke." The Household has a number of useful recipes, and under other headings there is a quantity of entertaining reading matter. The following appear on the fourth page :-School Cricket ; A Mutiny ; Mali- cious Horse Slaughter. The committee appointed at the public meeting on Tuesday to raise money for the purpose of establishing a sinking fund to clear off the debt on the Camperdown Mechanics' Institute, met on Thursday evening, there being present the Rev. W. Thomson, and Messrs. H. G. Stansmore, Jas. McCrae, A. C. McQuaker, D. H. Darke, J. Horne, and R. H. Parry. The Rev. W. Thomson was elected chairman, and Mr. R. H Parry secretary. The best method of raising funds was considered at length and it was decided to make a detailed canvass of the town and district. Mr. Parry was appointed collector, and the members of the committee undertook to assist him in every way possible. Mr. Stansmore offered a horse for the use of the collector, and this was thankfully accepted. AN interesting point in the vaccination law was decided by Mr. Patterson, P.M., at the Camperdown Court on Thursday, when Constable Toomey proceeded against Robert Clements, of South Purrumbete, for neglecting to have his child vaccinated. The defendant did not appear, but a letter from him was handed to the bench by Mr. Were, clerk of courts. Mr. R. Barlow, registrar of births and deaths, produced the register showing that the child which was the subject of the complaint was registered on the 3rd April, 1897. He was certain a notice had been served on the defendant within six months of the birth of the child, but he would not swear it. Mr. Patterson said the notice must be served within six months, and defendant stated in his letter that it was not served until the child was ten months old. The case was dismissed. The Colac Polo Carnival next week will provide a round of amusement of a parti- cularly attractive nature, not alone for enthusiasts but also for the public gene- rally. A series of matches will be played commencing on 29th inst., when contests will take place between Camperdown first and Colac second teams and Colac first and Camperdown second. On 31st Mel- iosurne and Geelong will try conclusions. The annual Gymkhana will be held on 1st April, and on 2nd and 4th April the final games of the tournament will be played off. The Gymkhana will, of course, be the principal attraction. As will be seen from the detailed programme published in another column a splendid day's sport will be provided, and as the train arrangements from here are very convenient this district should furnish a large contingent of visitors An order was made against W. J. Murray by Mr. Patterson, P.M., on Thursday, at the instance of the Chronicle Company, for £2, with 15s costs. Mr. Shuter appeared for the plaintiff company and the defendant did not appear. Working a hay mare under circum- stances involving cruelty was the charge preferred against Joseph Gellis, proprietor of the Darlington coach, by Senior-con- stable Smith, at the Camperdown Court of Petty Sessions on Thursday, before Mr. Patterson, P.M. Mr. Backhouse appeared to prosecute on behalf of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. Senior- constable Smith gave evidence that on the 17th February he examined the hose which was being driven in the Darlington coach and found eight different sores on its shoulders, which would have caused the animal pain. That was the first occasion on which they had had to speak to the defendant. Defendant pleaded guilty to the mare having scalded shoulders. He was away from home at the time, and the driver had met with an accident the week before, an that a bay was left to look after the horses. As the mare was inclined to scald, before he went away he took her to a saddler in Darlington who made a collar that he said would not hurt her. The magistrate said that the case was not a very bad one, and fined defendant £1, with 18s costs. John Dwyer, the driver was fined 18s with 14s costs. eatt 'uýa lisee was edto M A ... license was granted to Mrs. ... at the Cobden Court of Forty ... on Thursday. Ia the course of the next few days the extent to which the townspeople intend to support the Campedown Mechanics' Insti- tute will be fairly ascertained. The special committee appointed at the meeting on Tuesday evening have made arrangements for a personal appeal to the public, with a view of raising money to form the nucleus of a sinking fund to be paid to the Messrs. Manifold as trustees of the insti- tute, for the purpose of reducing the debt on the building, which has proved such a handicap in the past. The enthusiasm shown at Tuesday's meeting indicated that the importance of the issue at stake was realised by those present, and for the sake of the institute it is to be hoped that this enthusiasm will be translated into hard cash. All that is needed to place matters on a sound footing is that each should give what he can afford, no matter how small. If this be done, the aggregate amount will reach such dimensions as will evince to the donor of the £300 and the new trustees that their interest in the welfare of the institute is appreciated. Mr. Patry, the collector, will take an early opportunity of calling on the residents and receiving their contributions. The balance sheet of the Allansford Bacon Curing Company has been issued and shows the position of affairs for the half- year ending 31st December last. In their report the directors state that a profit of £32 7s was made on the last half- year's operations, the balance to debit of profit and lose account having been re- duced by that amount. As good prices were paid to suppliers for their pigs, this result they thought would be con- sidered satisfactory. The balance sheet showed that the receipts amounted to £1601 1s 5d, of which £1598 17s 3d was for bacon. On the other side the expen- diture totted up to £1568 4s 5d, and of this amount £1343 14s 3d was paid for pigs, £96 17s 10d for wages, £26 15s 2d for salt, £22 8s 8d for stores, and £15 4s 2d for working expenses. A temporary licence to sell spirits at the Cooriejong races was granted to Mrs. Thompson of the Cobden Hotel, by Mr. Patterson P.M., at the Camperdown Court on Thursday. Mr. Backhouse appeared for the applicant. Mr. James Fowler, of Framlingham, gives an interesting report of his success in poultry farming. He shows clearly that it can be made a profitable industry if worked on proper lines. During 1897 the number of eggs laid by his hens was 48,055. The sale of eggs and chickens realised the sum of £194 19s, while his expenses were only £73 3s 10d leaving a net profit of over £120. Mr. Fowler favours the Minorca for spring and summer layers, and the Orphington for autumn and winter. He also recom- mends a cross between Minorcan and Houdans. He tested the laying qualities of this cross (says the "Standard"), and found they laid an average of 220 eggs per annum. He urges the importance of selling eggs quite fresh and thoroughly clean, and advises poultry men to always keep up a supply of young stock for laying purposes. The Hon. Secretary of the Camper- down Ladies' Charitable Fund ... to acknowledge a donation of 10s. from Mr. J. A. Boyd, Pomborneit, and also several parcels of clothing from other donors. A technical objection brought to a speedy close at the Cobden Court on Thursday a case that promised to last for a considerable time. The complainant was Richard Cosgrove, who sued D. Bamford for £30 for rent. Mr. Back- house appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Picken for the defendant. There was a set-off claimed by the defendant, but Mr. Picken raised the objection that it was not initialled by the Clerk of Courts and was consequently informal. Mr. Patter- son agreed with this view. In regard to the claim, Mr. Backhouse admitted that his client owed the rent. Mr. Patterson said the Bench would make an order for the payment of the £30 with £2 2s costs, and give a month to pay the money, so that Mr. Backhouse could in the mean- time take proceedings for the amount of the set- off. Mr. Picken remarked that there were certain facts which made the set-off a bit of bluff. The annual business meeting of the Presbyterian Fellowship Society was held on Wednesday evening, the president being in the chair. The election of officers for the new year, commencing from April resulted as follows :-Honorary president, Rev. W. Thomson; president, Mr. G. Collins; secretary and treasurer, Miss L. D. Morris ; general committee, Mrs. Thomson, Miss Kenny, Messrs. J. Robert- son and J. Walls; absentee committee; Misses B. Errey and L. Morris, Messrs. J and D. Collie; auditor, Miss Macgregor. The secretary's report showed the roll of members of the society to be 39–ladies, 25 gentlemen, 14 ; average attendance of members for last year, 16½ per meeting, number of visitors, 65 ; number of papers contributed, 48-by gentlemen, 29, and by the ladies 19. A proposal to form an athletic club in connection with the congregation, the society to take the initiative, was dis- cussed. Owing to the lateness of the sea- son for cricket, and other reasons, con- sideration of the matter was put off until the September business meeting. The annual audit of the books of Mr. C. B. Were, receiver and paymaster and clerk of courts, was completed on Wed- nesday, and as usual the inspector found that everything was correct, and that the books had been neatly and carefully kept. During his connection with the service, Mr. Were has never yet had an unfavour- able report, and the fact speaks volumes for the attention with which he carries out his duties. The Minister of Agriculture had written to the Dairymen’s Association asking its opinion of the proposal for the formation of a committee in London to fix the minimum price at which Victorian butter should be sold in the market there. The value of such a committee has been pointed out by Mr. J. M Sinclair, the commercial representative of the Agricultural department in England to whom it was suggested by the opera- tions of a committee which controls the sale of Danish butter in London on behalf of the producers. The Victorian article is depreciated in the market by a great deal of unnecessary competition on the part of brokers, and the butter is, moreover, often put on the market in ... large quantities. Mr. Sinclair is of opinion that its price and reputation could be materially improved by a com- mittee such as he has suggested. The Rev. H. C. Farley. of Beeac, will preach both morning and evening in the Camperdown Wesleyan Church to-morrow the The Cubdet and4 Carpendeit saervicec i The Cobden and Carpendeit services will be conducted by a supply. The merits of a tiatic encounter were investigated at the Mortlake Court on te Thurscay, when Alexsander lbtkil. Thursday, when Alexander Rankin, of Ellerslie, proceeded against James Nolan for assault. The complainant’s story was that on the 8th inst. he was lying down on the roadside with some others when defendant came up and accused him of making remarks leading to injure his fighting reputation. Complainant went to get up and was struck in the eye by defendant, and a struggle ensued which stopped by defendant’s brother. De- fendant’s story was that plaintiff first ... at him and that the blow in the magistrates accepted this view and dis- missed the case, but refused to allo- cate ... to the contradictory character of the ... A pleasant outing was enjoyed by the members of the Camperdown and Colac lodges of the degree of Rebekah, I.O.O. F., at Pomborneit on Thursday, when a joint picnic was held, about 50 attending from Camperdown and almost as many from Colac. All present entered into the vari- ous amusements in a hearty manner, and previous to dispersing the Deputy Grand Master, Bro. Morrison, of Camperdown, in the course of an eloquent speech, con- veyed to those present the fraternal greetings of the Standing Committee of the Grand Lodge of Victoria. Bro. Mor- rison pointed with pride to the great work of philanthropy being done by the Inde- pendent Order of Oddfellows' throughout the world, particularly in the United States of America, and expressed his pleasure at seeing the same work being extended so rapidly in Aus- tralasia, where there were now upwards of 1,000, 000 people bound together to carry out the grand work. Bro. Dodds, of Cam- perdown, proposed the toast of " Health and prosperity to the Rebekah lodges of Colac and Camperdown." Bro. Selwood, of Colac, replied to the toast in a pleasant speech, and asked those present to join hands in singing "Auld Lang Syne," which was done in a hearty manner. The Color party took their departure by the afternoon train, and the Camperdown visitors, having three hours to wait for the express, accepted the invitation of Mr. and Mrs. Mallinson, to enjoy a dance at their residence, and this proved a very acceptable finale to the days amusement. Mr. T. M. W. Hayes has given a trophy for competition amongst the members of the Camperdown Rifle Club. The return match between the Camper- down and Colac Rifle Clubs will be fired at Colac on Thursday next. The Camper- down team will comprise A. Webb, A. Dennis, G. Pike, C. Fox, A. J. Satch- well, J. Martin, J. Gellie, and A. E. Satchwell. The conditions are seven shots each at the 400 yards and 500 yards ranges. The team will leave Camperdown by the mid-day train. Mr. L. Crawley, Warrnambool, adver. tises greyhound pups by Rebel-Sting for sale. Claimants against the estate of the late Mr. J.L. Currie are requested to furnish particulars to the executors forthwith. Messrs. Laidlaw and Fenton, Hamilton, will hold a clearing sale at Knebsworth, near Macarthur, on 7th April. Particulars are advertised. Messrs. Wat Bros will conduct a stock sale at "Rivernook," Princetown on Tues- day next when 1000 sheep, and 500 head cattle will be sold in addition to horses and pigs. Mr. D. Cairns who is well known throughout the district, announces that in response to numerous requests, he has commenced business at Pomborneit as general blacksmith and horse-shoer. Mr. Cairns has had lengthy experience in the trade and will doubtless meet with success in his new venture. Some individual has been playing ghost in the bush near Avoca. There are 125 families affected by an epi- demic of measles in Brighton. Two bakers were fined at Hawthorn on Thursday for adulterating bread with alum. The Marquis of Salisbury is rapidly re- covering from the illness from which he has been suffering. No show will be held at Korumburra this year owing to the devastation wrought by the bush fires. The English cricketers left Adelaide for England on Thursday. They were five months in Australia. Disastrous floods have taken place in the United States. Thousands of families have been rendered homeless. Mr. T. W. Hancock believes in the legalisation of the totalisator. He regards it as the lesser of two evils. Mr. F. J. Brett has been nominated for a membership of the Terang branch of the Australian Natives Association. The Nhill Board of Advice intends to re- sign owing to its recommendations being ignored by the department. A gathering of 2000 Maories has assembled in the King country, New Zealand, to discuss the question of native lands A movement is on foot to assert the claims of Riverina to be the federal capital and to be constituted federal territory. A retired employee in the Imperial Print- ing Office, Berlin, has been arrested for stealing notes to the value of £21,000. An Oakleigh householder has been fined £5 for having no sanitary conveniences and for keeping his premises in a dirty state. Sir John Madden was on Wednesday sworn in to act as Lieut.-Governor during Lord Brassey’s absence from the colony. Mrs. T. J. Dyson, of Colac, died on Tuesday after a long illness. Her remains were interred in the Melbourne general cemetery. The Colac Preserving Company paid £72 14s 7d in wages on Tuesday and £90 for rabbits. The supply of rabbits is now 2000 pairs daily. An expedition to explore the Antarctic regions is being equipped by Sir George Newnes the proprietor of several London publications. A waggon load of wheat passing over the bridge over the Murray at Yarrawong went through the planking and blocked the traffic for several hours. The dry weather and the red spider have seriously affected the hop crop at Maffra. One grower who got 105 bales last year only got 3 this year. The 300-acre farm purchased by Mr. Taliesen Williams at Colac is on Mr. R. S. Murray's Wool Wool Estate. The price paid was over £6000. Senator Hale, chairman of the naval com- mittee of tihe United States Senate, has openly declared that war between Spain and America is inevitable. Mr. W. F. Gladstone is in a precarious state of health. The doctors fear to perform an operation for a mortifying nasal bone owing to weakness of his heart. While four lady cyclists were riding along the streets of Colac on Sunday two of them collided and came to grief. Neither them- selves nor the machines were injured. A Gippsland settler was waving his rifle to drive some cattle in front of him when the weapon went off, and the bullet lodged in his side. The wound is not dangerous. The Colac Turf Club intended to hold a race meeting on the 21st April, but as the Camperdown Gymkhana was fixed for that date the races will be held on the Queen's Birthday. A young man named Ernest Arkwell was working a chaff-cutting machine at Morn- ington when the horse kicked him full in the face. His nose and every bone in his face was found to be broken. A boy named Adam Lancaster, 14 years of age, has been sent to gaol for three days by the Maryborough magistrates for non- payment of a fine imposed in December last for illegally cutting timber. A mammoth water tank, containing 70,000 gallons of water, burst at Broken Hill on Wednesday afternoon. An iron plate weighing 13 cwt. was carried 20 yards by the force of the outburst. The Terang Branch of the Australian Natives’ Association has passed a resolution pledging itself to secure the acceptance of the draft constitution prepared by the Federal Convention. A noisy scene took place in the Austrian Reichsrath on Tuesday. The deputy chosen as President was greeted with cries of " gaolbird" and *Vagabond" by the Nationalist party. Veterinary Surgeon Hepburn has suc- ceeded in saving the ball of the eye of the racehorse Count Herbert, who ran into a post at Colac and was bad;y injured. There are hopes also that the sight may be saved. An American barque which left San Francisco for Klondyke, has been found floating bottom upwards. It is supposed that the crew and passengers numbering 40 have perished. Great indignation has been expressed at a public meeting at Cairns in regard to the action of the Queensland Government in allowing a kanaka leper to remain in the police court stables for the past five months. The Panmure detachment of the G Com- pany of Mounted Rifles will be represented in the competition for Surgeon-Captain Macknight's trophy by Privates Gardiner, Eldridge and Yates, and the Woodford de- tachment by Privates Bertrand, Robinson and Snell. The marriage of Mr. J. M. Bailiff and Miss Bird was celebrated at Colac on Wed- nesday. They were married before the time that was rumoured, and left immediately for Irrewarra, where they caught the Mel- bourne train. Sightseers were thus dis- appointed. "I say unhesitatingly that if the people of this and the other colonies miss this opp- ortunity to cement Australia in the common bonds of Legislative brotherhood, and thereby assist in wiping out those arbitrary geographical lines, which have created so much bad feeling, they will be acting un- justly to posterity."—Mr. W. Trenwith, M.L.A., on the draft constitution. 