THE LITTLE GENERAL, REVEBENDi jpsAj a NimsiP gentleman on ®ha ' Jlg&Sflro; j-vs, sProe ! " ho an- ' nounccd ; mid prossntly in camo Hk Father Rlnnro. Sf3l!flJ| His.shovol hut v yJI\wi)WK. wan orushod down WdArvk 1ft over his eyes, his Ha coat-collar was \ w turned opto meet it. his facB-as much of it as could bo aeon when ho came in —was chalky-white, and the face of Young Tim, on whose arm ho leaned heavliy,. wus ' lot much better. I stopped forward atones, speaking to him by name, as I did so, und " Tbo Little General " greeted mo with a dazed smile. "Old bones, Mr. Tregenna, and old syea 1 ' I've had a'tuinble at last, you see; and Tim McCarthy insisted on -bringing' me here." " Quito right, sir," I said. " Hero's the doctor ready for. you, " and I introduced \- Macintosh, being very careful to lot that gentleman know the sort of a man he had for a 'patient. :t ; 1 might have spared myself tbe trouble; Father blunroo was his own recommenda tion, nnd in two minutes was sitting bolt upright— lie refused to lie on the table — having two very ugly. head wounds ex amined, and being treated with as mlich respect as any poye could desiro. There were two straight clean cuts, side by side, > cross the top ot the head, and on one side was another and the resident stood looking it thom curiously bofore he asked any Questions. i " How did you say this was done, sir ?" be asked. ' I was going up a dark stair, " Father VI uuro told him quietly, " and I had a nil." " Did your head sttike against any- Siting ?" " I expect I struok it in falling," said ft - Father Munrs,' und then a little more ji eiuivi,) uiiu umiiwuLiy j iu wun u iinavuHO l made in the dnrk." J I might be wrong, but it scorned to me ' that he meant overyone in the placo to hear that, und standing by the roeiden t, I looked still more carefully, at the head. Two olcan-cut, parallel wounds on the top and one ut the side. Whore before, had I seen suoh another head ? I could not remember, but stood rucking ray brain witli 110 result. "How Lhcn, Trogenna ! Look alive, mail !" Macintosh roused me truiu my incdita- ' tion with a nudge, und I gave him the help that be wanted, wondering all the . time.. " Wore you alone, sir 1" Macintosh asked this while he pushed the examination further. Ho seoracd puzzled too. " I wus going up the stair alone," Father . Munra said patiently. " You must Imve struck your head twice .then.;'" , r " i can not. romembor all. I was rather .atunned, .1. think." . " Karhor !" Mackimcsii muttered to him- 1 solf, and then seemed to remember young . Tim, who was still standinti and watching us anxiously from the tar end of the room, ' 41 Were you thsro at'tr.e time 1" Macintosh asked Yeuug Tim the ques tion, but it wus Father Munra who answered " M 'Carthy lound me ah the foot of tlio stair," and Young Tiro raid nothing, Macintosh evidently thought that the loss his patient talked tbo better, and he ' ' usked no more questions just then. Wo- got Father Murk t4i bed, shaved off the thick, gray hair, dressed the great sculp wounds, and 0 uV an. ion cap on the grand old head, and for \ rise? all went well. Before we had finished I remembered wliorc I nail soon other such wounds, but I . held toy pence ana wuito.1, . Thorn wan r,c side room bed empty, and lio was put into the wavd for the night. "In the morniog, air," said Macintosh, surveying him in a critical wuy, with his tussolled cap on ono side, after all was done, " we'll gat you a quieter crib." The old man lay and smiled quietly at sim. " I shall do very woll here, doctor, thank you." "Hops so, sir," Macintosh said, and tapped as bo wished hiir. good night, which sua unprecedented, ami mude even our lev'er-tn-bs-surprlsod staff open horoyos widely for a eocoml. When the morning came it was not thought necessary to movo him after all. , Craig, tlio street prcnchor, was lying in tho next bed 'jjjvhon wa brought Father Munro in, and Knowing him by sight, was at first strongly antagonistic. X lieard the words " pnpist " and "scarlet wo.-oun " . muttered wiutlifully, wltile wo wore getting our charge into bed, aua we gave a hint both to Craig and to Urn sight nurse before wo left. llie noxe morning, however, things were very different. Oruig, who was my case, beckoned > me to Ills bod directly I wont into tlio wnrd j lie hold a finger to his lips, and pointed that Father Alunro Was dozing. " Yer boots are lulr thunderous," he whispered reproachfully. 11 Can't you Bee the mull's asleop ?" I took the 'rebuke calmly, but could not resist a dig ut him. "I'm glad you leave him quiet," I said. "I thought you'd be at him if you got a cliunce,",. . "There's a time for a' things," said Craig philosophically, . " I've ksp' an ee on him, in' he's a guid heart, though salr misled, ' We'll line a bit crack later, maybe, and ths - doctor needna' bo feared, I'll keep she vurd quiet.." . > Twico a day Young Tfm catne tor oar bulletin, wild-eyed and anxious, and twice , sent him away comforted, Father Munro l«y plaold und patient, worshipped by the turses, und respected by all, I For three days we hoped, and then a eliango cams, Ho grow restless, turning from sido to side, and murmuring to him toff- As I stood watching him from Craig's boside that night he spoke aloud 1 1 ' A wife and bairn," he said, 44 a wife .and bairn," and was silent ugain, ' I was reading the chart that hung at bis bed-hoad, whim tho chief and tlio resldenb ciimo in togablier and lookod at him, at wiiioli he turned over a little, and looked np into tho chief's face with d smile, not Quito so bright us usual. 1\. " Whut's this y.ou want, sir ?" usked the cliiof at lost- j- o Ouo of your uarfsbinners in to seo you ?" And Father Munro's smile grow brighter. " Tut, tut 1" the chief went on testily, " you're off duty, man 1 Someone else is saeing to your, work." But Father Munro laid an entreat ing hand upon his alcove, and,. beckoning him to stoop, whispered in, his ear. " Can't be done," the; chief snapped at him when he finished. , " I'm responsible for you, you know." " And I for him," pleaded Father Munro- 1 The chief frowned down with the frown- thnt awed' so many students bofore i hey' .knew him, . " . . ... .. ; "Man, it's fair ridioulous !";. he said; " qiuto unprecedonted. i .- certify that you're not tit for any duty." But Father Munro pleaded on. , When; ho finished; Muuiptoeji. jstandinj4 with the- 'chart in his hand, held it out for the chief,' who, w-ith a snort of impatience to)k. it,' und stepped away towurds me. Then, he laid a linger on the upward lino that marked a rising body temperature, and turned to Macintosh again! .. "Partly this notion of his, 1 think;' sir,'' Macintosh said softly. He's worrying over it troinonduusiy, or, I shou|d not liuva roublcd you. He slept very little loss night, you kiiow." . , l . . What on earth. docs he wont to confess a mah for?" asked the . chief impatiently ; but that was beyond -'Maoiiituli,' nnd ito shook his head. ! 14 If -things go on liko this,;' said tho chief, with bin linger on tho , chart, " I slmll oporuto to- morrow morning." . " VVIiat do you. think of lotting him have his way in this V" asked Mucliitoslt ; but the chief was quae indignunt-, nnd they wont down the, shadowy ward— it was growing very Into— with .their' , heads to gether, talking softly; while Fathor Alunro lay and walched, peering after them all the time, . What Macintosh ! said , furtlior, I -do not know, but they camo back tn" the. hod. What Father Munro said I don't know either, but at lust tho chief called mo, und at once began to rcliove his mind, '" What aro you doing here at this time of night, Mr. Tregciina ?" " You've no right to be . hero, nono at nil There's 'no' discipline here.';- We oan'b have this sorb of thing.-- Dr.. Mucin tnsli ! Thoro, there " (as Macintosh tried to' spoak) : " chat will do f .it-must bo seen to." Then ho turned and bent over Father Munro ngnin. ' ' " You'll be satisfied if you see this man to-night ?" And Kutlier Munro smiled on him. " Ten minutes are all you want, and you promise to sleep uftor 1" - ' , " 1 shall sleep," ho promised ,- and then I got my instructions. I wna to ' iotcli Young Tim to Father Munro's bedside, and I was to leave him there ton minutes. I wus to warn nim first as to his bohaviour, and I was to take him away when ' time was up. Then wo all three left the wurd— Muoiiitosh to got u little sleup, lor lie was to conic round again later, the chief to go home, and I to do my orrund. ;-- I found Young Tim sitting in his ope rooui.-ub tho top of -a Ssvon- scdreyod' hoiise, staring nut an a otoudioss sky, in which , stars weid liegihnmg to rliow. . His wife' and tna t'uby were sound asleep, but Tim ! looked aa thoogh lie had never known what sleei; meauc. Ho heard, my errand in silence,, avid in silence be walked by me iiiiti"-— in ibo darkened ward, where qniy here and there a glimmer of g'ua was shown, ana where thebuiy other moving thing was the ghost-like snaps' of the night nurse— 1 — wn stood by Father Munr-X j r Ten minutes, ay son," was all that the priest salti no me. ; avid then, drawing avvuy to a window seat, watch in hand, I Joft thnio. Screens fenced the norner in whioh the bed lay, tfco last on that side of tho ward. I oouirt nyb see, I could not liear, what was going on. Once or. twice 1 hoaid a stifled sob,' hushed at once by the voics oi the Little General. The minutes drugged liko lioius. The night nurse, Kuoving liko a "hadow hero and there down the glimmer ing length M i-he place, tho silent forma dimly' outlined in Lite nearer beds, were no company to me. Once I raised ray watch until I could see the second hand moving, and hear tho sound, X guvo thorn the ten minutes and a few seconds ovor. . -Thon I went and tupped at the sorcon. Ths voice bud stopped, and when i went round at the Little General's word, he lay atid smiled ' peacefully at me, his hand lay upon Young Tim's head.whiia Tim's face was buried in the bed-slothes. "Tim and I have settled our aOnirs," said tbb Little Ucnoral, " and you area witness to ,ib, iny son, if over witness is neodod." " Toll him, fathor !" Tim begged, 44 Would ye doubt my authority, Tlin M 'Cattily 1 I've confessed you, und ab solved you, with a penance and a promise. Faro ye well 1" ' The thin fingers were extende'l in bene diction, und thou Tim, the tearb streuming down his face, crept -away int-o the dark ness, and I knelt in his placo. wiui a uu uiiybiiinjr lor you, sir ; His hand trembled in thonironce more, whether for me or for the vanished man I do not know, - «. " An innocenb wlfd and a bairn," said Father Alunro; " Nunc dimltti's," arid turn ing his iaoe to the wall slowly slipped into dreams from which he never rullied. . Ths Little General was carried 'to his grave with mote pomp tlmn evor be had encouraged while alive ; and many musses were said for- his soul before I met Young Tim agatn, 44 Though the use of masses to a holy saint in paradise," as Bridget M'Closkjf said to me, " is unboknown." I had thought of Young Tim often, hav ing an uneasy doubt concerning him, and paselng up the Grassmarket one night, had him in my mind again, when he stood before me! | 44 Think of the devil !" I misquoted, and then stoppod, for there was light enough to seen, tbo words didn't apply. It was a Saturday night, but Young Tim was sober though excited, and when ho asked mo for a moment's ahut, I invited him to my room, IVe passed up in sllonco, I wondering a great deal, hut determined to ask no questions. I pointed to a chair, and looked dubiously at my shelves. Hos pitality suggested an offer of whisky and a fill of 'baccy, but I restrained my in stincts and faced him in silence. " I was thinkin' doatbor," lie said at last, " that as you . wore friends with the holy father—" and.he stopped again. 44 What holy father ?" I asked. ". I know none." "' v ."There's but wan for. "ihe," Mid IJim, auU tbori etcippod sguir r V'- . -,F. , " If you moan poor Father Alunro," n answered, " what of him 1" ' " He laid a ponnnce on me," Yonng Tim said softly, " an' I'm doin' it, «n' will till I die. He giv' mo absolution, too, an' I giv' him a promieo." " Keep it thon !" I Baid sourly, but Tim wont' on.' ' " - ' " " "Thorp's no -justioe In it. The holy father- was always just." > ' " Shame," I said.;- Would you break your promise to a dcad'man V' . " Sure an' 1 will if need be," said Tim feyyently. -i ." You were . there an. what I must know, had lie his sinses . - : " As muoil- BB you or 1, 1 sum angniy, " if not more, You can't get out of it that way." 1 ' .Tim rose , from his obuir und faced me frowriihg.' ' ' ' ; ''' V Ye don't know," he criotl j "I've all to lose if I break me promise.' But if I inado it' to a sinselevs saint who couldn't judge mo or me sin, I'll break me promise and be judged by a Harder man.", . 1 sat and puzzled it out, while the voices (if the children came up from the reoking court, and' Tim leaned against tho mantel piece, breathing hard, but watoliing mc steadily. . " Ho ' was a better and wiser man tlian either of us," I said at hiBt. " The secret lies ' between you and him, and you must keep it and Tim, sober and hard-work ing, holds to his promise still, y As for mo 1 remember Mint the only time I saw such wounds as Father Alunro had was 'when, in. an election riot; a constable felled a rioter who afterwards came under my ' hands. His stuff mude two parullol wouncis like knife cuts, and the other wound wus caused by tbo full. It was night, arid the stair a dark one, whero the Little General came by his death blow. If Young Tim, who hnd ofton threatened, was waiting there for Ould Tim when Father Alunro toiled up, the rest is oasily understood. But 1 have asked no ques tions, and do not intend to. If Young Tim has over to give an account of that night's doings. I fancy somehow that the Littlo General will be there to plead for him, . 