A ROGUE ANIMUS "MBHKEY." " It ie a most extraordinary thing, Mr. SolomanB. -but the £500 bank note I pat into theeafe this morning has disappeared." •• Youdon't Bay bo, sir. Dear me. bow unfortunate, nnd how unpleasant for ub all. Of course, tlie keys liavo never left your possession since you locked tbe note up?" "Never-for a moment, SolomanB," said Mr. Uichards, tho Manchester lawyer, as ho regarded hiB mean- looking chief clerk with the utmost perplexity from which suspicion was entirely absent. " It is quite bewilder- . ing. Mvjpuplicate set is at home. Besides, I do ndt see how any thief could get at the '. eafo jn tho daytime, when wo are all busy ' around it. Tho lock does not appear to have been tampered with, the contents are undisturbed, but the note is gone. " Pardon me, sir, perhaps yon never put it in there at alL Perhaps you will find it in your pocket-book all safe and Bound." " Don't talk foolishness, Solomans," cried hiB employer crossly. Nevertheless he drew out his wallet and examined its contents with great deliberation. He searched all his pockets, end turned oot his private desk. " TuBhl"he ezclaimed, "what an ass 1 ami Don't I know quite well that I placed it carefully in one of the drawers of the safe, and nowhere else ?" "Umph!" The clerk ran the tip of his penholdor through his fluffy hair and looked dreadfully concerned on his employer's account. " Let's take out the drawer," said he with an air of inspiration, "and see if the note has slipped behind it." This was done, and the interior of the eafo taken to pieces as far as was possible; every nook and corner of tbe office was cleared out, but the missing " monkey " — to adopt the phraseology of " Captain Coe "—was not to be discovered. " It is a mystery," said the solicitorgloomily, as he sat down exhausted by his exertions; " and I would not have it ocour in this 0 lice for double the money.' " Of course you have the number of tho note ?'" queried Solomans eagerly. " Just bo. Well, we must Btop it at once, and—would you like me to call in the police, Bir ?" " Certainly not," returned Mr. Bichards sharply. " I do not for an instant Buspect any one here. We must, of course, give information to the authorities. But I do not wish to havo any fUBB made. It does not do .a lawyer any good for his clients to hear that he lias been robbed, or so careless as to looso a valuable document." " Well, sir, I shan't feel comfortable or happy till we find out what has become of it. Why, it is for all the world like a bit of magic." " It is beyond my comprehension. But get on with those costs in the Simmonds matter. 1 should like him to have the account in tomorrow." I Mr. Richards forgot—or perhaps ignored is the better word in the connection—the j fact that after returning to the office from : hia lunch Iw invariably fell asleep in his I chair- for a good 20 minutes. It was a mild { form of mania with him to stoutly deny that ; he ever did anything of the kind. This practice was, of course, well known to Solomans, and on tho day in question, finding himself alone in the office for a few moments ho~had mado himself possessor of tbe unconscious man's keys. Like a flash he opened the safe, secured the note, mado all again secure, and Blipped tho bunch back into tho pocket where the attorney always carried it. In the privacy of hiB own apartment that night SolomanB produced the crisp note from where hehad most cunningly hid itabont his person. "You're a beauty," said he, as he flattened it out, " but gold is better looking, and gold you will have to be turned into my pretty one when the right time comes. You must go to the races, for it is only on the busy course that you can be changed with safety." Ho placed it in a small, tightly-fitting tin box. This ho wrapped in several turns of oil- skin. Tbe whole he dropped into a shallow tank, which stood on aledgejuBt outsido his own window. " Now the bobbies can come and search here till they are blind. They will never think of looking into our ciBtern for a banknote," complacently mused he. as he mado himself "fetching" for his evening promenade at the Gaiety. Solomans allowed a little time to pass before "letting his monkey havo a climb for its money, as he termed it. In the meanwhile he had become confidential with a couple of sporting mechanics who veir much preferred toplay for something than to work for it. It is a fancy not by any means confined to one class of tbe social scale. " took here," Baid he one evening to this pair, Swale and Hoggins by names, if you two like to go to the races to morrow I can put you on to two good things, ana if you smash a £500 note for me with any of the 'bookmakers you shall have 60 quid a piece. Jjor bless yonl the big bookies don t think anything of charging what they call o monkey.' You hadbeBt be well togged, you know,and put on a nice free and independent air. Mum's the word, and when you get the " sta&" hold it firm. Tho commission delighted Swale and Huggins imbibed with new and alarming goBto at the prospect of it. Naturally enough the first bookmaker they attempted to negotiate with was a notorious welcher. He took the measure of hfo men at once. He nipped off his chair, joined them, and drew them away from the crowd. «What do you think I am made of T" demanded he. " Patty, mud, or tea leaves f If I'd 600 shiners in my kick I should not have been on that perch. Look hcre.Have you any ready? A couple of quid will take us into the enclosure. Once there I'll put a bit on for you with one of the leviathans,and he'll smash the note for us like a bird. The necessary funds were scraped together among them. Onee inside, the wdsher cried, " Ah, there's the red-hot 'un 1 111 do the bis with him." He made a bet of £5 with this prominent member of TattereaH's ring, and returned to the two workmon with £«5 in change, which he handed to Swale. Tho three were now hand in glove for the day. Tbe stranger introduced his new acquaintances to his old friends, who showed a robust desire to make very free with them and their belongings. At last, and just before tho final race, they raised a cry of " welchere " ogainBt Swolo and Huggins, who after being stripped and "teemed "-- that iB, turned on their heads until not a fraction remained about therefore bo cruelly UBed that it did not Beem likely they would ever again see Manchester. After a little, however, they did manage to roach home, where SolomanB,. white with anxiety, was eagerly looking for them, and the proiJuoo of " the monkey's climb." The talo Uiey had to tell mado him both sick and wrathful. It'was in his heart to treatthem to a volley of astonishing adjeotives, but he remembered that, after all, he waa In their power,: and must grin and bear this collapse of all his grand schemes. . " The only thing we can do now Is to keep it dark," said ho. " Don I either of you. on any necount. let on tiiivT I evnr gave yon a •monkey' to chat**" , „ „ . W* siatt U ortful 111 «V' Swale sullenly, "but I reckon we hav» got blows and bruises JnBt in trying to do your bit of business for you, and you'll have to keep us going till we are fit for work again." SolomanB remonstrated and raved, all to no purpose. The blackmailing pair went away with a sovereign each for immediate needs, and they promised to soon repeat their callB on himself and hiB exchequer. The bookmaker who bad changed the illgotten note soon had information tliat it was stopped, but he had no difficulty in putting the police on to the welsher from whom ho had received it. This worthy, in his turn, told his tale, and the authorities kept him for many days journeying about tho highwayB and slums of Manchester in the hope that be might meet with and identify Swale or Huggins, or both. Curiously enough. Fate preserved the mechanics from being seen by the one in search of them. Often they were close to one another; twice they wero all drinking in the same spirit vaults, and yet never came face to face. The news that tho authorities were on the track of his money of course reached Mr. lticbards, and he began to hope that at last the mystery of its disappearance would be cleared. Solomans also heard the tidings and ho was thrown into a series of cold sweats. He was in abject terror for his liberty. He decided that there was no course bo safe for him as flight But he would not go empty- handed. Tbe mere temporary possession of that " monkey "—which ho now anathematised with much increased vigour—had whetted his greed for more. His avarice waa after all keener than his desperate fear. He would make one more brilliant coup and then vanish from tbe legal circles of Manchester and of England for ever. His rather elaborate plans required a few days to perfect, and be was in a state of the most awful dread all the time. Mr. Uichards was in London, and having the coast clear Solomans, looking as bold as brass and as innocent as butter, called on the manager of his employer's bank. He was well-known to the gentleman, being really a moro frequent visitor to tlio establishment than the lawyer himself. He explained that Mr. Uicliards was out of town, and that they had a settlement for a client on the following morning over some house property, the amount required being £1,500. Ho had just learned that this client would not be able to arrive with the capital quite in time. Fearing some such contingency, Mr. Richards before going away had left hiB life pulicy and other securities, with full authorisations for Mr. Solomans to pledge them with the bank for the loan of tho sum named for a few days. They had done such things for Mr. Eicliard 8 before. The documents Bcemcd to be in perfect order. With hardly any hesitation tho manager told the cashier to hand over tu | Solomans £1,500. The little raBcal would much have liked to lia%'0 taken it nil in gold, but he feared such a request might at tho final moment excite suspicion and bring him once more to grief. Still, lie got the bulk in specic and the rest in notes of £20. Onco outside tho hank with his plunder safo his sangfroid deserted him. His face broke out intoa raeli.and ho could only tliink of one thing, and it was how to got away quick enough. Hoping to steady himsolf with brandy, he turned into the lirtt tavern he reached, and there he came upon Swale and Huggins. " Hullo! " cried the latter, " we was just agoing to give you a reminder. Why, what's tho matter with you? Have you got the fever, or have you Been a ghost? " " Neither. You both take iny advice and get out of Manchester aB quick as you can. If you stay here you are sure to bo recognised, and there will be trouble. Go to London—go anywhere. Here's money for you. It'sthe laBt, and tho best you'll ever get from me." Q'o their delight and amazement, be handed them four notes of £20 cacli. "Those are all right," declared he. " I have only just received them ovei the bank counter. My nameiBWalker," he concluded,hurriedly, " you won't Bee me again " " Why can't we all three go together? " cried Swale, who smelt more money from where tho new twenty pounders had coma. "You must be mad I" was Soloman's withering reply, and Btraightway he disappeared from the place. An unlooked-for matter called Mr. Bichards back to Manchester that afternoon, and it also took him to the bank. A brief conversation with him showed the manager that the policy and the other documents on which £1,500 had been advanced were worthless forgeries— excellent specimens of the nefarious art, but as securities valueless. There was a greater demand for the plausible Mr. SolomanB that night than had ever before been the case. All over the country the police kept a hot and an active look out for him. Mr. Huggins received a visit from the same inquiring gentry as be was rioting in a tripe supper with friends who wero not of his own family. Earlier in the evening he had changed one of the twenty-pound notes in a tavern, saying that be had just receivod the insurance money on hie wife's death. On making a search at his lodgings a twenty-pound note was found in the chimney, and as much in Ioobo cash in a drawer. Then Swale was captured, and the welsher identified them as being the gents who had come to him on the racecourse desirous of changing " a monkey." Solomans was arrested just as he was about to step on board an Atlantic liner disguised as an old woman, a character his features suited very well. The oddest thing perhaps about thi&queer; case is that tlie little rogue only-got eighteen months' imprisonment, while Huggins and Swale were sentenced to six and four each respectively. " Quite enough for a blooming monkey, too," Solomans protests to this very day. 