THE PASSING SHOW. By ORIEL. Caulfield Cup Day once more The rain ing mainly it is upon us, in it with the fear venir of the square worshipper we are moved, with the rail, of our fellow over times, to prophesy Then' me several excellent ground-, for raising a tip upon Some people support 1 house because they have merely warn money on him, and see no reason why that, should not win more Others will lull, in animal became tiny lime tendered him in other lines .ii.woir-.lv. I met leave always lost therefore, as dim light, he "owes them a bit " line other while nine persons who know then Cite elision well, and mean form of under linen "scriptural instruction in the State schools, will make it w ages on 1 horse be was fine luxe triennial about him with 1 Litvlisli Slipper A lady will often Mip port on animal because he is H H pretty mine, 01 because the colours of the jockey ninth hit dress Well, while everybody) is mi. yee! 111 A attenuation. let us a minute alive Here goes - more came a voice at even, soft as whisper of a replied That murmurs through the city when the lights are dim and low And the thirties of customers requires to be dearer Than in added if he cannot understand that he must go The whisper came from Bourke street, and it unit moved, Who will help us That she took to sea) the distance had to sprint without a halt Is one first hears an Allie came, a smoke that's called Flynn this not take the Attic gee gee with a pinch of Allie salt Tile breeze blew round the corner with a sigh that seemed to filter 'await a thrill of i-epcclaUon and a tremor of despair, Mc listened for the whisper just to see if it would allet As it came towards us softly) on the agitated We Rains! our ears to catch it is It palpable) grew weaker, While mingling with the harmony) of roof colors ing city, and as the wind swept over us It muttered, Reka, Heka " Aid someone cried "Eureka!" Was it echo on mend "His' ' But as we picul the pavement, too intent for smiles or laughter, We bear! a hum and murmur, and we listened In affects., ! or someone isles! "Vlijcsllc " and another mo mod 'the (rider," 'The ghosts of all lend tipsters were abroad that every night ' V ph intent shrieked out "Cocos," and upon out cures where II But soon 1 we nth in answer walled aloud "The Chief" in Chut And something, believed "Wait a Bit, and some thing howled Devoted " The high time that those spirits used wig really past belief So turn na- si lit Somerford Pte bedeck ourselves in 1 > e nth til pro(,iio-leatioiis an I triple peel at the mi it to him What the thinking we should matter and Port much the line tomorrow When tie i table of our fancy finished hopelessly It has,) Uni will! not see bears 1 little sound as of a kisses her in that, or in action in -the o! 1 further rain and then a third and stating that remarking. Mission, as the ships r r in Unta must surely run to day It was pointed out her well known butter exports beneath that the attempt of the Government to get control our tin c\ pal ted products of victoria this only in this out of the timber mill that his own mind inlet is line in tilling directions might be paid. CNjieetul OnK u fits fits him p IMCII since the p Dilution was situated, in death the late Mr Peach had a mi ID lie. i of members of Pul uncut sums up to the Dean in hospital to get a small in that both in nature minutes In tin is in old tins of lime de time (uni hut and Kcgiti ild 1 unit di Hunt it i mili- did me pit nil p m lit in the tooth was in it in our til their j in it it in a pint of nuts nun nil nil as follows is in it at a ills until the Exhibit it is liquid ful A simple and clear iii has milk or milk tin,; cut in t uni to, be mild in issuing In t it till it to find him guilty of pulling and thin Ali Prout Webb has reported to in is up a loan bill schedule of assets and li abilities 111 lJi and with i figures in his hat and his aMid gilt was still on his his will be able to Mr that the lie a it is not a fish it is a he is thief health or ill to lie in it sit 1 out of it on, his own pi it in local i t the Anti tin mine is it that in an tie) that is lit di saying the truth of In 1 about omnibus with. -a not play little. for his mail among TA off still it is quite iciiiulnl.lt. li notice the urgent business which In HITS a number of destinations 1 residing at Mil built but the rightful tin III."'IIIIIIII_' of Nott riding 1! R S W absence with full tonight rates on bond li is in catch it need in His I it from West Australia has not met with a uk of living from the tip tour of the a or a mine is in ith 1 n it" at me if in his mind is CM for 1 Taunton His ] stillness Action is I'mtson is plain. OMI DELHI l III II HIMOIls til this till later in the mail Loud and i h Jit ISM and reputed to run in on Four i ml Illillawa fob about the -retail meat in time to hint i brick viaduct defend the Cup is inn that the business which he put his 1 all Meat A Lord Hampden to the most important of all Hill is one- of lo salt put in an illuminant or Hit lit t ii Hill mine (off dull and has been st split in IIJSIIIK Hit spent does it the ( will be full s It is a list of their union to Fits ntl Hampden-rd Hit to id so to repulsed it might be confused with regret. that he is not Jiubidil Tt m iv 01 any nor had been noticed bills sent to XX IS Bill He,, till WMtltlc, putt li the Dental (pulled Jin m -4 d o xx is how ex ss tins In did not go in point may he called his (native dignity and he done so then would be no patients left in the affirm that institution In this time Mr John puf running till De Rougemont s have been ieio_,iiis< 1 in the home country sunshine in t 1 prophet is without uniform axe but In is not resting I like the i nun bad thing to be b and 1 out presently On (hr c ml i in The fire is inviting Arthur Harris a note upon his value. t varieties from the current issue of tin in missed the engine - /()\ natives near the mollified bear it lit earlier mail will HUM pins for business J)) ml be her li i Bill I i I in a Slllstltlltl Bill is hills Hill, Mr "Hill US Amy Jim is -a collide iii of din refer tli.ioiiii.ilv directive 1 fund is li to win william xx list coil blameless as he was sent off last li as it is time matinees li imports in want of shrewdness as to sums i mis till Hill iK xxiv when He lSnlish I announce it as lies in to reply in flood and wind for it said in limiting the intimation. of its interim ation By mine mxstitioiiH di sirens tion (In most (nun) plenty of tin won the mile n t in INII li mi it The revolver shot he rest in He W Ollington J'nliiinint trust failed The truth of a lubricant Rations, will 1 their, output to me in ltsiinbhiie, me up pcMt but nothing so little IN the British wine e of five sons are Mr W M Jil li n't WIFe a squint in his way possessed of in statement II division not mipiK til Find n 'i isle ' built on a lofty pain hill i inn Dunedin It list 1 values it is to li I again show plan for line ist s left injury he insists is heat in 1 violinist with the owl is is horn born In a insertion I am, Kannuluik" like the solemn ceremony Mr Anstey li is described issue lo I the little I alias (incidentally) I had CK room is warm Hu I really island innis J he had still on the walls is gobbling, A visitor (iiiewitiith) - Most ing CN and li for the family He Itntihli Minnie Ina beds but it over or not it under the depressed almost out of iNwIinii and Jill Jan and li might lim line dismissal into s authentic, (unit in hit his old Henly still has in it a used his pistol, and in all lines and use it from a xx mill lit but play was lost his pt mix in Hit fine Jil w in in filling in in turn did not know xx li it, sprinkling. of finality was Both the city Inn faintness tin at him through Jit ( could not mind his xx or is even in its election meetings. In II fastness stillness warm turn and lit holding his supporters and at last Rpuiitil till) crowds in fun lix bit of hair oil Hiitltlenlv und Inn line but it must) station Hit command, limits up von runs' Ex el j nut was little if, isted kind till the time and independent told him so abused before removed it was said, would be hopelessly at the bottom of the poll but, on attention, the free and independent" concluded that they rather liked frankness, and Ali Iminncli was returned triumphantly. 