8enrobe* (tor Treasure-Trove. WRITING upon recent searches for treasure-trove * -correspondent of the Westminster Gazette saysA Long ' Island man is building just now a curious ' submarine vessel, with which he proposes to scour the floor of the ocean in search of treasure. The vessel will be 8ofi. long. From a preliminary account of her we gather that the surface buoyancy will be overcome by means of heavy weights attached to long wire cables con nected with drums at either end of the vessel. By the operation of these drums the vessel will be drawn to the bottom of the. sea. Running fore and aft are axles with broad-tired wheel which are connec ted with an electric motor. ' In this way,' we are told,' the ship will be transformed into a vehicle'-a sort of electric motor for the benefit of the numerous mer maids, one max suppose. It would be useless to go into further details regard ing the construction of this peculiar ship vehicle. Suffice it that the inventor believes in it, and has convinced himself, further, that by its means he will become richer than the Vanderbilts within 12 months'. He has a carefully prepared list of treasure ships lost since the days of Drake, and the latitude and longitude of the spots where they are supposed to rest beneath the waves. He will first make a bee-line for L'Orient, which was rank by Nelson at the battle ot the Nile. She bad a huge amount of jewelleryand date and £600,000 in specie abroad. Then he will look for the wreck of the De Break, lost off the Delaware in 1793, with*-great amount of Spanish specie and buliiop. On his list is also the ,-Golden Gate, sunk off Hatteras in the *krjy fifties, and simply filled with gold from California, j Only Afew weeks ago we beard of the j otganisation of two American expeditions -one to recover the chests of Spanish dtnbloons said to have been buried on] ' San Jifeuel Island, off Santa Barbara, on the Californian coast, by the crew of j ^Spanish vessel wrecked .in that neigh-1 borhood many yean ago; and the other 1 to search for pirate treasure hidden on| theisland Of Grand Terre, in Braatariai Bay.l/ouisiin*, by one of the gentry who fcrthelongago made the West Indies their bUQtutg ground, audwho retired <0 the quiet caves which abound be tween the Mosquito Coast and South . JPItwitl*,, 'jwjbjtp' they desired a rest or wben .potaien became importunate. Tbtslatteitpedition was associated with ..tbepirate jjstti Lafitte, who is supposed t^ WRe^aeCr^ed , somewhere about the rebbtigh wfealth to buy up London. is a synonym tor piracy /aaro^'the half-million people who in tarts.' Jtiit ask them, and ^Mn^n^-put a ithousand things >ig|loe^M =4F$Hi ii$m,<uid will call their grt^fjatnertto Id! you enough grisly I "Mniteutblm to ft) a book. There is j potjpneorthethouijuid low, flat islands | ^GiiU %owt from Pensacola '^ev^ptnniid to the Point of Yucatan,] bay, lagoon, or ullthai country but\ bas iti dark tales of Lafitte and his bidden- -treat ores. He is. their, greatest '^i^^ ^llis^tbl^'wi# a Frenchman who ,^igi*t«d tdiheVVest Indies, where he jhM MWesskmi -. But a negro revolution -dipte family to New Orleans, where the i6n_took to smuggling. Then oc cMh| the revolt against Spain. A re jSiWic was ^roclaimed in Mexico, and :«dherenU wereengaged in-a bitter Hutionary Government was I in New Orleans by a com ner. pon Jose Manuel Herrera. i ^ om ;S[errera lifitte obtained the ap _ a&cftt; <>f ^Governor of Texas under 1^Revolutionary Government of Mexico, ptortir^ a'tiuraber of vessel, and harried tbe Sp^rds nointaally «s the servant of tte new Republic, but actually on his lM*n Itcoimt It is beyond question ;fwifeaia not confine his attentions to Spanihships, but attacked all merchant . lapb.^t came in his way. In his time be coinmitted enormous havoc, and must have appropriated enormous treas \- ore. Wbat did be do with this treasure ? That is just what American speculators wouldlifee tn know. The lost treasure of Jeato tuafitte has always had a fascina tion for these gentleihen, and for one jenedition which they have' fitted put {often.with better reason) for the recovery other treasure-trove they have des patched 61'least three to search for that of the murderous and bloodthirsty rascal Lafitte. As we have hinted, almost every likely .nd unlikely spot along the Gulf coast bas been japped for this recalcitrant treasure.The last carried through-that Is, apart from the one to Grand Terre was in August last year, when there ap peared'ofi Matagorda Island a mysteri ous schooner'^manned by half a dozen mysterious men; who landed on the bund, spent a.few days there, and then left in ttjeir schooner as mysteriously as they catae.lfcavmg behind them in the mid. a square hole 6ft. wide and 6ft. deep, as though they had dug up some thing and. carried it away. From this every native knew there had been anofher search for Jean Lafitte's buried treasures, The small island of Chenierc Cotni rada, a few miles south of Biloxi (Miss,), was perhaps the favorite resort of Lafitte. He had a house there, and the frame of the ' Lafitte cottage' is still to be seen built almost. upon the water's edge. A path leads through the garden to the beach, upon which a gate opened amid a cluster of ttater oaks. It seems very strange that some fortune- hunter does not dig under the old weather-beaten building for treasure. Perhaps the story that ghosts of men dangling from ropes and of men in the act of walking blind folded into the sea from a vessel are seen nightly at this dreary spot preveuts the search. Digging, however, continues at intervals on other portions of the island, and at Biloxi, where the pirates fre quently came. A hint from any very old negro will set a lot of gold-hunters to work vigorously. Just about the lime when the treasure hunters wire at Maiagorda, another party was searching in the neighbourhood of the Delaware Capes for the ,£5,000,000 in Spanish gold said to have gone down in that neighbourhood in the privateer De Braak, already alluded to. This was the fourth attempt after the same treas ure, and it need scarcely be said it was not found. It must be an impossible task to locate a wreck in the shifting sands that lie off these capes. A little earlier in the year an expedition was fitted out at New Vork to search for the treasure-estimated at half a million sterling-which undoubtedly went down with an English man-of-war about the time of the revolutionary outbreak on Hell Gate in Long Island Sound. This also was unsuccessful. The United States from the Delaware southward is supposed to have been fancied as a treasure burial ground by Blue Beard and the other men who formed the earlier generation of pirates. There is probably not an acre of ground south of the cape that has not been dug on for sunken treasure. We never heard of more than one authentic find. About 70 years ago an American schooner went ashore somewhere north of Sinepuxint Inlet, and going along the beach the caotain found the end of a chest sticking out of the sand. He took it aboard, and getting safely away, went to Boston. The chest contained a quantity of gold and silver plate, jewelled arms, and some money, supposed to have belonged to Bradish Ten, Kidd's first mate, who escaped when the captain was taken. The evidence, however, on which the ownership is ascribed to Ten seems very inconclusive!. No fewer than three several searches were made last year for the treasure hidden somewhere on Mague Island, in the Gulf of Florida, by an old ex-miner named Nicholson. It -was at first thought, we are told, that Nicholson had just enough money to keep the wolf from his door. But one day a visitor surprised him as be was bending over a shining heap of gold. There were to and 20 dollar pieces enough to fill the rude stable on which they were piled, besides many ' slugs,' an octagonal shaped piece of Californian gold at one time in circulation on the coast, and valued at 50 dollars. Shortly afterwards Nicholson died suddenly. He had no relations, had made no will, and seem ingly had left nothing valuable behind him. But what about that table full of gold.1 -The fortune-hunters rushed in by the dozen; searched everywhere about the hut and its vicinity; turned up every sod in the garden, and even ploughed the sands 6f the shore all round the island. One of the men who last year endeavoured to locate the bullion took a : divining rod with him. He was as' successful as his predecessors. 