THE GLAD, NEW YEAR. (BY Psaseessea). q AT least, that is what it is ususlly b termed; and by ilf e who cannotvery well know anything about it, for they generally christen it so before it comes, and they- cannot- be in any way ac quainted with it and as a rule drop the title befdre, one-fourth': of the year has J elapsed; vhichli makes it impossible for them to pronounce on the whether al year. is to be glad or sorrowful. It may I be argued, perhaps, that it is time to u drop the name of :glad new year after I three months has passed, as new it cannot be, but if humanity regards I itself as young till middle-age I fail to see how a year ils be other thaif new when it has'barely reached the quarter. This, however, is not the question, the gladness is. There is some of course a little extra at the time, buit no more so than it is at various ;times throughout the year, but at this woe have more holiday leisure to give it vent, which makes it more conslicuous, and gives to the opening of the yearaneffervescent gaiety that delude ,the unthinking into imagining that it is .an attribute of thc year itself. Al,; dear me!. This is a delusion, scarcely cherished, ere the day wanes, the night comes on, and with the -morning we have got into harness again. We are doing almost precisely the same things we have done -at the same period for years past, in like manner most probably, and are inspired by feelings similar to those that then animated us. If asked about-the glad new year, we would perhaps wonder .vaguely what had become of it. We would-be tired perhaps, or possibly have had time to count the cost, or to realise that there is not the ghost of a hope of. new year prospects being any brighter for the majority than they have been for some years past now. We know this year that there is a slight improvement, that the colony is gradually righting itself, but under the most favorable circumstances this must take so long to go round that' the gladness cannot well penetrate the whole of the year. Privation struck deep while it had a chance to strike, and rooted itself enduringly and well, and it will take years of more prosperity to loosen the soil in which it is embedded sufficiently * to give hope of rooting it out for good and all. Custom, however, "breeds such habits in a man" (woman also) that we will most probably go on .to the end of the chapter, churning up a sort of gladness when orthodox occasion demands whether we feel it or no. Waxing enthusiastic over new hopes, new resolves and all sorts of things, and never until we are forced to look into the matter, realising that there is absolutely nothing new about them. But the hopes, resolves and wishes are as old as the hills in.'themselves; in us they are as old as any intelligent con sciousness of the feelings ?that prompt them. So the..Nbw.-,7ear. stands isassociated with its own )jrst appear ance, and shorn of many of the glad .attributes accredited to it by those in whom the gladness is really generated. And if they will just go in for a little quiet investigation on their own account will find that in nine cases out of ten (and the tenth does not always count) it is unconnected with the dawning of the year. It arises, as a rule, from a variety of causes, with which neither the old year or the nets have anything whatever to do, unless in the latter, giving holiday leisure that re-invigorates the faculty of pleasure, or rests the weary soul .and so -smakes all things in life seem a little brighter than they usually are. So look at it as you will, the "glad new year" is something of a misnomer after all. Holiday leisure, leisurely spent, is that which helps to conserve this feel. ing of gladness, and Boring Day seemed to be leisurely spent by those who elected to do so at Queenscliff. Once on a time, and not so very long ago, people would rush and hurry, push themselves into trams, and out of patience bundle into the first compart ment of a train that came to hand, and have to bundle out again, withered by the indignant glances of men who were I. striving to indulge in the soothing weed. If they were second-class passengers who had somehow picked up first-class consciences, they would most probably get into the compartment others should occupy and then volun tarily vacate. At last they would do what they should have first done t attend to what stationmaster and staff tell them, and find themselves in plenty of time and with plenty of room. No need for the hurry, scurry and breath less haste which all came on agai. when pier and ship came in sight. -y ow; evea-o Boxing Day; on ondeof Sthe most.popular bay steamers, and at the very last minute, there is nothing of this. On 3Monday last the people began to gather on board the Ozone before 9 o'clock, although the start was fixed for 10.30, and well before that time the last person was, on board, f had gone through the process of sele? tion of places, and in some cases of partners. Nobody, not even the mothers, looked hurried, worried, crabby, or cross. The day was perfect, the sum warm, the breeze cool, and the prospect of payinag an oft-deferred visit to this particular watering place was quite suffilent to keep anything of the sort from my own thoughts. Generally heneficient the passengers looked (foe my own I cannot answer), but it was impossible to feel otherwise for the time;. The northern suburbs were well represented j fromn' Preston,. Coburg, bortb Fitzroy and Cliftoi Hill lthere were familiar faces everywvhere; which proved that, try as one.will, to et away from their surrouindings, they re surrounded still.- Lovely and lazy, an uht.eallthy. was the trip, though of 'cident :there was none, except the judiCies' dis:s pp?arnisce of city bred youth at such time ul;When it-miiht be Sxpler.e incident .:oild be call:e I.· S when we land there was nothing but calm,"which matched well with- that. which reigned over the pretty little watering place to which so many Mel bourne folk find their way., One.of theoiobjects of the trip was to visit the Cottage-by- the-Sea, the, convalescent. home maintained by the a'inistering 'Children's League, and to. which a number of poor children are.sent every year'to gain health and enjoy what is often the first real holiday of their lives. It was like a bit out- of the history of Victori nfind !on? ot Cobb and Co.'s coaches waiting-to passengers to the Cottage-b which is a little over a mile town, and on the road to dale. Picturesquely situs overlooking the belt of which the sea, " deeply to the soft breeze the Cottage is quaint i rather pretty. It suited to its pur that can inspire c health, and. phys provided. A spl of an associate good playroom .i coed grFands,.anea o beach- for fine weather. The dining room is cosey and home-like, the bed rooms as pretty as they can be made. Some ofe the cots are gifts. Five pounds will maintain one cot for a year; and the names of several donors of that sum are conspicuous on the walls. Sweet, clean and fresh, every thing in apple-pie' order indoors and out. Such a stretch of green scrub and blue sea, the former deep in the I yellow sand, and the latter far beyondi it, that one wonders no longer at the Queenscliffe reputation for health. The average number of children taken in for the year (but not done for) is 15. A very much larger number are in need ' of all that Cottage could do for them, T if only it were large and well enough 1 endowed; for this Cottage is only a. Svery small part o what these Minis I tcring Children accomplishes. The Swhole of the year they are at work, those old enough making and mending, d those too young for this saving their collecting odds and ends, - denying 0 themselves, and having League needs Skept ever before their eyes. From the V small balcony of. the Cottage we can d see Point Lonsdale and the line of surf which shows where rougher waters 'roll. Almost opposite, Point Nepean t seems; and further along, the un a etical looking Quarantine Station is seen. m Surely the best-abused station ' in this southern sphere, and yet we, who have scarcely yet shaken the dust of the capital city off our shoes, think L that in such perfect weather a worse s fate might befall us than being com .pelled to stay a fortnight there. The 0 children were down on the beach; so after due inspection of the Cottage, and noting of itsrmany conveniences.. t --th'e.-kitahen- provided with every., hfa.tryo -?lth eve-rya rfinf? yfbr c -r : Svalescen tappetie, the evident careando attention to detail on the matron's part.. With many thanks for the attention bestowed on ourselves. we-.. joined the children on the beach, to owhom the visit of members of the" it Leagu, e is always an event. Very happy, healthy and gay they look just e-now (for each little convalescent spends a fortnight at the Cottage). and evi Sdenty at no loss for amusement. Miss SBrowning who has an autoharp, is in Sharge of them, and they sing to its tmusic for us, then go tumbling head over heelsdown the elope to the beach, "where the capture of an errant crab r causes more commotion thanl the cap. t ture of a Khalifa could do among them e Then tea, cake and fruit are brought to them, our own little relatives sing, i Miss Brownings obliges with some harp music, the Cottage children sing again, ,. Y then the chairs and stools are locked in Sone 'of the League bathing hnouses £ (there are two belonging to it, quite g cosy little rooms), the children are r, mustered and set off to the Cottage if brimful of pleasure, and well on the road to health. Every fine day during d 'their stay they are talken down to the y beach to inhale enough ozone to last -e them for the many months that elapse gin many cases befhre they have such a Streat again. -Money, . clothes, toys, P books, any one of these, or. some of it each, will.be more than welcome for - it the Cottae- by- the-Sea, and make for \- these-ittle ones what we wish to all-" . A Happy New Year.. - " "d Y Whether it be true or not that the 0 science of Spiritsalism be worthy of - \- the attention of our latter-day philoso . phers--as editor Stead and his fo'. Slowers would have us to believe, oer of tai, it'isith-at- itskpidttic'i oftif open= it to the: chairse, offrand upon the mer .o g innocent and'unsaspectieg members of ' Sthe cohmmunity. -The competition.. of. 0 our brobthers for a'. lilihood with our. is brothes rsin the.flesh is, in ll conscience, it keen tsnough, without our beingcom , pelled ' to scheme "to make both ends ; meet" 'with tlhose who ' have "astfied- - If off this mortal ceil."' It is this view,. e no doubt,-which has actuated the' Vic i, torian authorities inisquiring. into the b, ona fides of. the ," medium" Baile.... The.process of tlic.riminal law is per-: ?, t haps a asonewltat drastic method of a en quiring into the prhiciples of so in. ' e tereating a: science, bht se hxope thai' ythe: police .will conetinhe thsir praise-.'uc: Swort~hy efforti t,,wards the solution of the: mysteries "if this occul't leanosin?;, - and. we shall look with some anxiety:', I for thd result of their endeavors. :.:? seesams, to us thee the " processori'sof" thi~, -and of., mane anothler kindred . h taiwnce, might, with adastsgeo be put;:.?i t uppa "eplanition. We' imagine titm?-t.. the? .explanation .woeld oavera .certain portion of .the- comnauity a. deal of.. ? anxiety and ont a fehoneetly ha?dl?yi:?: : r Lasi. s sin resra to opS c-.luii pa-A ii. o- r - . Lena:hens ?ean~a,r hods s?.llxt.; Atit ?" ',:., ", @:;;t?, 