METROPOLITAN MEMORANDA. TBr AutoiiTods.] * A snapper-op of unconsidered trifle?." As I anticipated, there was little near in the Governor's Speech at the opening of Parliament last week, although the 8tate Fire Insurance Bill, the Comniilsory Land Bepurchase Bill, and the Bill for prohibiting the further sale of OroWn lands were not mentioned in any of the forecasts, None of these measures will' be passed during the presont session, lioweror, and they will be old enough before one is really brought to close ( quarters in respect to them. Judging by the ] comments of the Labor paper last week, that ■ party is by no meant satisfied either with the Ministry or their program, although it is difficult to see how, from their point of view, they are going to better Mr. Kingston if a j change is made. Some of the more enthasi- < astic spirits among the Opposition are build-: ing up great plans on the supposed disaffec tion of the Labor Party, but I do not think I anything will come of their maeliinatione. ! Men like Mr. Duncan, Mr. Mortlock, Mr. j Barling, and Mr. Handyeide, to whom office of-iteelf baa little attraction, ere not likely to sacrifice their principles in order to secure the . passage of the no- confidence motion in the present Government, especially as it is clear that Sir John Downer, if he attained a seat on the Treasury benches, would be much j more under the thumb of the Labor Parly : than Mr. Kingston. I shall not be at all i surprised to find the names of all four gentlemen named in the division- list on the aide1 of the Ministry when the vote is taken. Of course all this is written I on the ^assumption that the Labor members really do feel ao bad as to be willing to range | themselves under the Downer banner. As I | have already pointed out, the third session of a Parliament is a peculiarly difficult one for | members to negotiate, and the Labor Party, it-rribst be borne in mind, have not only to j pleat!) tbeirVfonStituents, but also the coterie I of wire-pullers Vlio stand between them and the district itself. There is a suggestion J that Mr. Wood, for instance, is to b9 opposed | by his own party at North Adelaide next I year. Tt is satisfactory to know that, all hough a deficit is probable,'there is to be no new tax ation, although so far there is no statoincnt in respect to the continuance of the present Tneomo Tax Amendment Act. If it is allowed to lapse this year the minimum will go up from £1S0 to £2()tl, and thus many persons who can now ill afford the impost they hear will be relieved from contributing diront.lv to the revonne. As usual, if it had not. been for the death of s-une wealthy colon ists the State balance-sheet would have been .much more unsatisfactory than it is i present. No doubt often the estate of wealthy man does not always pay as much as il. should do under the eneccssion duties, and an attempt is tn be made to remedy defects and avoid evasions in future. It is signifion'iT, ill it there were very few and fenhle cheers wlien Mr. Butler in his new CAnnn'v na Minister of Education rose to answer hu first question in the Assembly last week. He will hare to make by force his merit known, for he will receive little help from t.li«* general hodv of member*. Mr. "Kingston has great confidence in the ability of his new colleague, and it appears likely that he will have ample opportunity for dis tinguishing himself, as, despite Sir John Downer's attack, I don't think the days of the present Administration are yet drawing to a closn. Mr. Solomon, who his stood trembling on the brink for two years, has at length made up his mind to be nn Oppositionist, but I don't suppose lie wilt exert himself much unless there seems eomo chance of success following the efforts of tho partv. Major CaM.in" i« the offioial Whip of the Opposition, but Mr. Griffiths will doubtless be their real recruiting officer now that a definite trial of strength is to be attempted. Tho opponents of gambling and the lotah izalor sometimes siil verv close to the wind, and so there is no Buecial need to be sur prised that, the proprietors of the Australian Christian World, which is a very pious piper, should be offering a priz) of a bicycle a* a biiit to 'secure subscribers. The unre gencrafe are-opt, however, to loso respect for professors of religion when they utilize for their own purposes methods which they con demn when resorted to by the children of fMe-wnrl'd'.'! .It does not say much for the editorial idea of the intrinsic merit of the pmer when such questionable aids have to be called into operation to secure public patron age. I should like to read what tho Rev. Joseph Berry lias to say on this subject, or, if he is too busy to offer an opinion, perhaps some other clerical opponent of the totali zator will explain the exact moral difference he! ween the legalized form of gambling on the racecourse nnd gambling in the war suggested by the Christian World. Everybody is talking about the Whinhain College episode. The institution is supposed to open again next Wednesday week, and there is considerable speculation as to the personnel of the managing and teaching staff when duties are resumed. The building belongs to Mr. J. H. Angas, but lie has hitherto had nothing to do with the conduct of the school. In the time of the first. Mr. Whinham it was one of the most successful educational establishments in the city, but his son and euocessor went out aide to make monry and came to financial grief. Since then its career has been rather downward than upward, hut I hope that in new hands it will regain nil its old prestige. Tour old friend Dr. Hartley Dixon is at present resident in Queensland, end I hear that lie is in very poor health. Recently son died in Adel-iidft, and that was a great aliock to him, and this month a grandson— the only boy in Dr. Niesclie's family—passed away after a very short illness and under very painful circumstances. The little fellow, who was idolized by his father, was only about five years old at the time of his death, which is beliored to have been the result of a fall from hi« tricycle. The Mr, F. W. Wigg, who died in KhI goorlie (he other day, was a cousin of Mr. F. H. Wtgg, well known as an Adelaide wine merchant. His father lived in Victoria, and ho hod very few friends in Adelaide. Mr. F. H. Wig? himself has been iu the West, lately and seems to hove done pretty well from a business point of view. Mr. 4T. H. S men ton, the chairman of the Fire Brigades Board, like Mr. George Booker, jthe superintendent of the brigade, is a strong believer in Government fire insur ance, and.jso, too, is. Mr. A- M. Simpson, head of-thfe firm of Messrs. Alfred Simpson and Son. The idea is to make fire insurance compulsory, in which case the revenue would he large enough to form a big reserve fund after paying all expenies, while it would be possible also to maintain a fire brigade more in proportion the demands likely to be made pp&ti; it in cafeBu of great emergency. If two big firea wereio atart in Adelaide siraul toneoupTt it would.be impossible to properly cope with either, and anyone well acquainted ffiOi tlicmty oauM reiriily point to a dozen spots vii«i» a nonflagrntion, once having got a fair bojd,. -wonIH rerv anon ran beyond all eontrol.. 'The insurance companies doing business m Adelaide have all raised their rates lately, eo that the time for action in the direction suggested by tile Government is most opportune. It is a pity that some influence cannot be brought to bear upon the East-End Market Company in order to induce them to pay greater attention to air, light, and cleanliness. The present state of the market is by no means appetizing, and. it is anything but pleasant for passers-by to have to pick their way through the litter which accumulates on the street frontages on and after market daye. The plaos has been built piecemeal, and it possesses every drawbaok which can be ex pected under the circumstances. Mr. Play ford is a large shareholder, and perhaps hiB Continental experience will enable him to suggest reforms when he returns. The Commissioner of Crown Lands is very anxious to get the Pastoral Bill through this session, and it will be placed in the forefront of the parliamentary battle. All time spent on the Household Franchise Bill in its pro jected form will be wasted, for it has not the ghost of a chance of passing the Council, and it ib sura to provoke long and acrimonious discussion in the Assembly. Mr. Holder is to take charge of it, but Mr. Kingston will always bn on hand to fight for his favorite child. Tho.Ltw Reform Bill, too, is as good as lost already, while the Council has been Conserve!ivelv strengthened since it threw out the Early Closing and Employers' Lia bility Bills last session. If the Ministry are wise they will concentrate their efforts on measures uruently needed and which there is to me chance of passing instead of-wilfully rousing angry passions concerning Bills which they lenow will not be accepted. Heaven knowa there will be enough academi cal discussions on private members* day with out the* Government raising bogeys on the afternoons and evenings supposed to be de-; voted to serious public business. If.of all Hie measures mentioned In the epeech Parliament passes those dealing with pastoral affair*,. the purchase of the Glenelg Railway, the Outer harbor scheme, colored immigration, . tfie BuiPiulner water scheme, the Queensland Border railway, reduotion of rents, compul sory land repurchase, and amendments of the Workmen's Liens Aot and the Public "Health Bill it will do very well. There Certainly'will not he time to aatisfaotorily do much 'more, work, and it will be wiser for the Government to conoentmte political attention on a few good Bills ihmi attempt to rush a kaleidoscopic mixture of nie!t«ui*s through all at the; eauu* time without giving a chance-for any one of them to be properly and exhaustively die* ousted. * . . •' « The Rev. Archdeacon Whiting ton, of Hobart, was in Adelaide last week. He supplied the Mount Barker pulpit, for a time before .the Rev. J. W. Owen took charge of Christ- Church and so will he well known lo many, -of your townsmen. He is looking extremely well and is apparently varv happy in the Tasmsnian capital. Mr. Whitingion, .:who was once a journalist, was enthusiastic iu the Federal cause, and iu epite of the opposition of all the Hob&rt; papers lie boldly advocated the cause of Australian union in that beauti ful city. The Queenslander will shortly publish an illustrated supplement containing many views of Adelaide, with interesting descriptive matter. The City Council has guaranteed to take a large number of copies and, as ..the pictures are sure lo be well reproduced, .no doubt other pu chaser* will also be Jouod. Mr. Tolwie Mclnnes was in Adelaide .ev>u}e time gathering material for the publication, • To-day (July 1) used Lo be celebrated _in Victoria as Separation JDay in honor -of.fjhe establishment of that .colony as anidtide* pendent Stale. The strong wave.of Federal sentiment which hue swept orer Victoria lately has, however, swept this holiday out of exisicn'6. i ' di • .*< Tour junior member delivered hiarii&tdcri; speech in the Assembly on Tuesday, and he created an excellent impression' 'by -the straightforward, clear, and concise manner; in which he gave utterance lo his views on .the su'*j'*cts mentioned in the Government p-dicy. His brevity was much appreciated, -especially as he contrived to cram into 20 mitiutes.as much good matter a* mo#t members would Gud room for in a speech of thrice*, that length. Mr. Duma* was heard all over the chamber, aud his voice was so pleasant that the effort of listening did not become a weariness as it does in the case of some politicians who are never happy unless their lungs are going at their fullest capacity. In the mam he supported the Government policy, but hie independence of thought was shown hy some reservations. Notably that in respect to the purchase of the Glenelg Railway, which is chiefly a city members* trouble. Mr. Hutchison, also, did exceedingly well, his language being well-choscn and free from extravagunccs of any kind. He is a man of definite views and considerable courage and has a very close acquaintance with matters political, so that he was able to dissuss all the proposals of i-he Government with ease and fullness. As a speaker he is &o; improvement on the late Mr. McPhcrson, who was always involved and jerky in his style. It remains to he seen, however, whether the more solid qualities possessed by the former Libor leader have passed to his su *ceasur in the renreaenlflf ion of Fast AJelaid**. - • Mr. Roberta ties the credit (or debit) of being (lie first. member to seviuusly atlucb the Government Lbie session, ami, strange to soy, Mr. Ricliard Wood infercnlially at least came to their relief. He recognizes the difficulty of dealing witli the iiin.-.iiploved question, and his remarks showed more genuine feeling for those in want than was displayed by Mr. Roberts. It must bo plain to everyone that numbers of men who are giveu temporary work under Government are not capable of earning full wages if judged on the seme standard us other laborers, and if the heads of the departments are prevented from giving special consideration to these poor fellows they will be in a very bad way, for private' employers have as mucli to do as t hey can in finding remunerative work far those already engaged. Better is Ss. it-day with "boy's vrork " than nothing at all, ami sometimes tlie choice in these hard times is between these evils. In fact, many unfortunates do niit even get the chance of refusing the scanty wage mentioned, and that, too, in (lie district which' Mr. Roberta represents. Something must be done for the agod and the crippled, and when able-bodied men' are seeking work unsuccessfully those less favorably situated must necessarily be in a worse position. Everybody sincerely hopes that good times will soon dawn again end that with them.tlie scope for employment and the rate of wages will boLh very materially increase 