TOPICS OF THE DAY. LET the journalist defend the doctrines of the party he approves; let him critioise and condemn the party of which he does not approve ; reserving always his right to applaud his opponents or censure his friends, as the truth may require-and he will be independent enough for a Free Country.-GARFIELD. DESPITE all that is spoken and written about the depressed condition of this colony by that class of politicians whose whole and sole aim in life appears to be to besmirch its fair fame, there are to be observed many evidences of the fact that things industrial are not nearly so black as they are painted. Recently the Á.M.P. Society issued its annual report for 1897, and announced that "business in N.S.W. had enormously in creased during the past year"-a circum stance that is fraught with significance, for the reason that if there is anywhere to be found a thermometer which will accurately register each rise and fall of the industrial at mosphere it is an institution such as that referred to. One of the first results of a period of depression is an appreciable fall ing of in the number of polioies taken up and in the paymeuts made on behalf of policies already in operation ; people who have not money with which to buy bread cannot possibly pay premiums ; and in the struggle to supply themselves with the bare necessaries of life, they allow their insur ance policies to lapse. Another clear indi cation of a tendency towards improvement is to be found in the figures which comprise the annual balance- sheet of the Savings Bank of N.S.W., an institution which is under semi-State supervision. Taking the bank as a whole, it is found that the num ber of deposits last year showed an increase over the number for 1896 of 8,064, whilst the actual increase in the amount standing to the credit of depositors was £295,802 4/8. Seeing that the institution in question has only some thirteen branches, the increase is one of a startling character, and gives the lie direct to any mere bald statement to the effect that poverty is stalking over the land. The figures relating to the Windsor branch of the Savings Bank are interesting in themselves, for they show an increase in all directions on the figures of all previous years. The following quotations from the balance- sheet will prove this assertion : Amount on deposit Amount on deposit Increase Jan. 1.1897. Jan-1> l898 £40,814 14/2 ¿44.697 2/8 ¿3.882 M/6 The number of depositors on January 1, 1897, was 587, and on January 1, 1898, 669, so that in this direction the increase represented 22. Windsor branoh, by the way, stands seventh on ¿he list, in point of vallie of deposits, out of the 18 branches j possessed , by the bank, being only beaten by large-and important centres of popula tion like Sydney, Newcastle, West Mait land, Bathurst, Parramatta and Goulburn. Altogether there is every reason for a dis play of gratification in consequence of the enormously enhanced importance which has been attached to the Savings Bank as the result of its operations during the past twelve months ; and there is good reason for believing,-despite tbe constant croak ings of financial frogs and the grumblings of the Mrs. Gummidges of political life that an even more satisfactory experience is in store for the bank and for industrial enterprise in all its branches during the year that is now in course of progress. If those who attempt to foment and encourage the spread of a spirit of unrest and discon tent would only adopt a different attitude, many seeming difficulties would vanish into thin air, and much general good would be the ultimate result. It has repeatedly been said, and not with out a show of rsason, that "a wise man sometimes changes his mind-a fool never." But the mere fact that there is a modicum of truth in this antiquated saw does not afford a sufficient justification for the per petual changing of what they are pleased to term their minds by some of our Colonial politicians. It was a very prominent, but now deceased statesman who-being one day confronted with the printed report of a speech in which he advocated principles altogether antagonistic to those to which he had just a moment or two previously given expression,-remarked that " Han sard' ought to be burned " ; and the GAZETTE is sure that this sentiment would readily be echoed by quite a number of those would-be saviours of this colony who have from time to time indulged in acro batic feats of a political character. Like ghosts of the past, the contradictions of which they have from time to time been guilty rise up in judgment against- them ; and though they make some sort of feeble attempt to explain their position, they are unable altogether to remove that feeling of antipathy towards them which, has been forced upon such folk as have watched, with disgust, and marvelled at the supineness of, their public careers. Take Mr. John See, for instance. During the past two years he has been railing against the In come and Land-tax, asserting its iniquity and promising its destruction if ever he is entrusted again with the position of Treasurer. Yet the following sentence is from a speech delivered by Mr. See wheo introducing an Income-tax, as Treasurer of a Protectionist Government, a few short years ago : If Protection was effective it decreased imports and increased production, and it was only a sensi ble thing to suppose that if they decreased the revenue, some other revenue must be made to compensate for it. An Income Tax was perfectly consistent from a Protectionist or Freetrade point of view. . . . There was no fairer tax than an Income Tax. Then take the utterance of Mr. Lyne, Leader of the Opposition, now a fierce op ponent of the Land-tax, and regarding which he spoke only a few months ago in the Assembly in the following strain : If anyone in the country should be a Land taxer, it is a Protectionist. In the same category comes Mr. Thomas Bose, a wildly enthusiastic democrat prior to his election to Parliament, but now de generated into the coldest of cold conserva tives and an opponent of every project which aims at making men pay to the pub lic Treasury according to thpir means. Mr. Bose a few years ago worked off this very straightforward expression on the question of Land Nationalization : He contended that Land Nationalisation would confer a great boon upon the masses by giving them access to natural opportucties. Even if Pro tection were established the land monopolist would step in and rob the producer of the larger portion of his increased earnings. At a later period of his life he went farther, and said : Whatever the fiscal policy finally adopted by N.S'W. may be, unless land-value taxation forms part of that policy, Australian land-monopolists will rule over a nation of Australian slaves. One cannot reasonably object to any man changing his mied, and turning himself in side-out politically when he conceives that he bas been advocating opinions that were logically wrong ; but the weathercock poli tician, whose attitude is affected by every breeze which blows, is not worthy of any thing better than the cold contempt of the principled public, and is only fit to be dubbed a " a snollygooster," which is the latest American addition to the English language, and is a political term applied to " a man who is ambitious for office, regard less of party, platform, or principle." So much has been said of late of a char acter derogatory to the soundness of our financial and industrial conditions, that it is well to look closely into matters appertain ing to trade and progress. It is all very well for those who advocate a change of political and fiscal conditions to make bare assertions, unsubstantiated by direct evi dence, to the effect that this colony is steadily, but surely, going to the dogs ; but what is wanted is proof-and this proof is not forthcoming. On the other hand, it is quite competent for the pecaoa who ie capable of observing the sigas of the times to produce strong evidence in corroboration of his contention that there is noticeable a decided improvement in trade and com merce. Let the following witnesses speak for themselves : The General Secretary, Australian Workers' Union (annual report published Tuesday, Febru ary 25) : The Labour Market has been less over supplied than it has been for some years, and this fact, taken in conjunction with increased activity in Union matters, bas secured an increase in the wages of shed bands, and the extension of the ¿i per week sheds. Mr. Auslebrook, Sidney biscuit manufacturer: Sdven years ago protection drove me out of New Zealand. I came to N.S.W. because it was nearest freetrade. I do not fear outside competition. The removal of the duties has taken quite ¿1500 a year in special taxation off the biscuit industry. Mr. R. J. Fairbairn (Australian representative of the English Co-operative Societies) : It bas been said that our Society intends to do most of its business with Victoria. If that were so, I would make Victoria my headquarters, instead of settling ia freetrade N.S.W. Manager Sunlight Soap Company : After visit ing all the other'colonies, my cpmfcaPy decided tc establish its works in N.S.W. because of its freetrade policy. Mr, Schey, M.P. : In my opinion the tweeds manufactured in this colony are fully «quai, grade for grade, to any imported, no matter where they may be made. At a given price, the same in both instances, I consider that the locally-made article is better value for money than anything imported ~4bat is, in all the ordinary makes and qualities. ... I feel sure that nothing but foolish or thoughtless prejudice stands in the way. [Letter written to Messrs Hordern Bros, June 6. 1897]. Marsh Bros., tanners, Granville : The removal of the duties have not affected us in the slightest. As a simple matter of fact, our output since the arrival of the Reid blight has increased 40 per cent, and our wages quite 30 per cent. We tura out 1000 sides of leather every week. Value that at io/- per hide, and you get very near ¿750 We have no occasion to' want protection. The colony produces all the raw material we require, and it would be a funny thing if we could not hold our own. " Melbourne Beacon" : ' Messrs Dillon and Burrows, an old-established firm of confectioners, have decided to close their Victorian factory, and to transfer the whole of their business to N.S.W. Government Statistician of Victoria : In 1896. Victoria employed 50,096 bands ia her factories. N.S.W. 49,609. Victoria employed 5335 less male hands than N.S.W. and 5822 more female hands. Hon. L. F. Heydon (Protectionist) : We are well enough off now. We are the riebest colony, Sydney is growing faster than any other city (in the colonies). The neighbouring colony, which is so eager to have federation accomplished, is in terrible straits, and she wants to take from us, not improperly, our prosperity, and assimilate it to herself, That is right enough for her statesmen, but it is a desperate wrong for ours. Mr Lyne (Leader of New South Wales Oppo sition) : New South Wales has more to lose (by federation) than all the other colonies put to gether. Mr Sam Smith (secretary Seamen's Union) in his report for the year 1897 : Some months ago boiler-makers were unobtainable in Sydney, and 27 had to be brought from Melbourne. Another indication that the engineers have not suffered so severely during the year is that an all-round increase of wages was given to the men employed at Mort's Dock, and the augmentation was made in order to restore the wages to the higher rates which existed years ago. Out of the 1000 or more members of the Australasian Insti tute bf Mining Engineers, only about 20 or 30 are registered in Sydney as lacking immediate en gagement. In the building trades the year has been the most prosperous experienced for a long period, and the bulk of the labour reports are of a favourable character. Mr Moody (Treasurer of the A. S. of Carpen ters, Sydney) : There has been a great demand for men, and they are far better off now. I have not paid away 5/6 as out ot-work relief during the past fortnight. Captain Broomfield (Mort's Dock Company) al last annual picnic : In dull times the men had ac cepted a reduction of wages, and it was only fair, he thought, that they should have these reduc tions back now that times were brisk. They had lound it necessary to lengthen and deepen the dock to meet the times, ' Colonial Sugar Refining Company's anabal report, 1896 : The profits for the'ha^yei^'erféWd f September 30, after providing interest-aftd ail otber charges, amount to /85,54s 15/81 to/which sum bas to be added the balancé at profit and loss account of 31st March (¿88.300 ^^¿TeaVing available ¿173,846 20/2, out of which tba usual dividend ofjio per cent!, free of jacope, was paid. Annual report, 1897 : Profits for y$ar, ¿174.200 ; io per cent dividend paid, and £8^,009 carried forward. Mr. W. H. Lever (Lever Bros, SupU|bt,Soa£): The reason why our mills were established ^ in New South Wales was because of ns rrré«r¿Q>s policy, which meant a free port In Syatitrf^ " Lithgow Mercury." 1898 : The- Portland Cement Works are at the present time doiq&good; business, and several important lidpdftfouew in the shape of machinery have been introdttid'iDtb the works. Altogether some 35 m«nfltv0 «n|> ployed, and the demand for cement issoodw Annual report of'Sydney Co-operative Bobt manufacturing Society : The itraea&ttVrli;íg rfcj); by sales of work exceeded that ot «8g&t;^gfe6fB 7/1*. Owing to the great increase - in prioes of leathers, profits have been greatly dfmtn!sbe$%ut, on the whole, satisfactory trade W been'tts**/ ' A.M.P. Society's report for 1897 ; Bosibj98S<fin N S.W.) has enormously increased 4anog tQ0 past year. Annual Balance-sheet, Savings Bank of íí.S W-. 1898: During 1898 there was an' incise-of ¿295,302 4/8 in the amount of depamtietvtfie 16 branches of tbe Bank-and at only^ooe ^branch was there a decrease in the number of aocpoftte opened and maintained. The above is evidence that cannqibe con troverted, and all the bald, aaa appu^r stantiated assertions of that iyjp,^ ojf/pou^ tioian, whose chief possession an^rs^ù>/&e; an elastic imagination and $ feamsfl ó^r«? gard for the truth, cannot poasijta If such refutation can be macla, ih$ &&xkt;& will be ready to publish it in fuIL The recent flood in the Hawkesbury headen* almost incalculable damage* for itrcectaittip could not have made its visitation at a iftafee inopportune time than during-ibo nuintbJaf February, when the maize was <ri peningand the crops generally were looking so well and so fruitful. There are times; when, floods effect but little destruction-though, on al} occasions they are very unwelcome ; anil between seasons, when most of the fending land is lying fallow, or wben others crops than maize or potatoes are in, an over supply of water is less to be feared'-thab in months like January and februafy Some thousands of seres of corn , were' destroyed in the Hawkesbury district; alone by tbs deluge of last week, and thc losses ol potatoes and other crops were very consider* able. Unfortunately for themselves* mang of the ferners who had potatoes still under ground, refrained from getting them out, which they might easily have donatg the employment of a little labor. Thid particular product bas been realtàiig good prices ever since the beginning, of the season-better prices by tat - thao;4a?» for many years obtained-and consequently it is regarded as a suicidal mkon their pa«J that any local agriculturists allowed tnèjç crop to remain undug a day longer the* was necessary. In a district likes the Haw* kesbury, which is so subject to floods* anil where, upon the slightest provocation, the waters rise with great rapidity,-it is alway« well to be fully prepared for any emergency ; therefore it Í3 regarded as a very foolish: proceeding on the part of those who have a wide experience of the terribie destruction caused by floods, that tbey should tempi the adverse elements by allowing any por tion of their crop to remain ungathered and unhoused for a single moment after saméis in a fit condición to be so treated, lt is as serted that several local farmers lost- acres upou acres of potatoes, which this season were bringing good money ; and they^ in common with all others who have had their farms devastated, are entitled to muoh sympathy. Floods in a district like oura are to be expected periodically, BB a matter of course-they are sent along for the pur pose of enriching the soil and for making good the several properties which constant cropping removes from it ; but it would be wei) for one all if these inundations were to occur at at a time when they would do far less damage than during the tirtjt, tWO mouths ol the year.' 