; IEISMATS CPSE CHAPTER 's.— (Continued^ -. Sharp and clear that one word raus . through the room, shattering the brigiit ? dreams which for the moment haa seemed certainties. lie started, hardly ' ' believing hia own senses, for there in the centre of the apartment,- where tb.t, ? ruddy lamplight streamed upon her, , stood Kachel herself, her slender iorn erect, her face pale, but her dark ej'ss shining brightly with the courage of defiance and despair. ^Sho had heuil hia last wdrds, and' thinking only of the horror which was looming over her sister's life,sh© forgot all possible dan ger to herself. With one mid gesture she had dashed aside the curtains which had hidden her before, and springing forward she confronted him, right in his'path to the door. 'Rachel!' he exclaimed, arid- recoiled & step, half believing it was her wraith risen before him rather than her living self, so changed was the. girl' whom he ' j had always seen before in a gentle, wo manly mood. The next nioinent he had recovered himself, and tried to smile. 'You startled me,' he said, 'your ap pearance here was so unexpected.' May '1 ask where you have com© from, and . what is the meaning of this tragedy queen air?' She pointed with her outstretched ? hand to the curtained alcova . . ' ' 'I have been concealed .there ever . since you entered the room/' she an swered, clearly, 'I have overheard all ? , ' that you have said. You do not need a further explanation, I think.' Their eyes met, and hers never quail ? .ed nor flinched, though that silent ' ' glance, tooj told her more eloquently than any words could have done that she was face to face with . a dangerous ? enemy. , 'Really, I fail to understand your ex citement,' he said, coolly. 'My words .have been very harmless, or, if they . have not, I can easily ' deny anything you. may wish to repeat. It is your word against mine1, Miss Delarayne, and do you. think the wild story which . - . ? you will tell- will really find credence?' 'I will denounce' you as Oswald ; Grant's murderer,' she cried. 'I know that he lies somewhere beneath our feet. . Will not that be proof of what I say?' 'Certainly, but much time must k ' elapse before the search is made, and : all my plans are ready. Long before ! .your unfortunate lover's grave is dis covered I shall be out of England and .in' safety. You see, whatever you may 1 say will have no power to harm me/' '' . ? 'You shall not escape punishment,' she - cried again, 'I will dehouce you as :'- -' the thief and the forger you are, who * - ? came into this neighborhood with false s' ? . references, in order that you might rob ? those who received you as it friend. Do you think, when my full story is told, you will not be arrested at once upon suspicion, and kept in custody until the proof is found?' ? ' 'All 0? which, would be very pro bable, but the fact remains that you will not denounce me, and that rather spoils your little scheme.' ?'Will not?', she echoed, scornfully. v 'Who or Avhat will silence me now that / . I know the truth J' 'Simply your regard for your father. You aro a very honorable young lady, no doubt, with. a. great respect for the majesty of the law, and a great detes tation 'of all laAV-brexikers, but I don't ? think that detestation is strong enough to enable you to denounce, your own father as a. criminal and give him up tu justice.' She was silent, baffled by the sneer ?: ing words. In her own heart she be lieved her father had been weak rather than wicked, but she knew enough of this man before her to know that ho had played his part skilfully and Well, and that were his story told, nothing could save his accomplico from punish-' ment, were he morally guilty or inno cent. She did not speak, and Eric went on, in the same half-bantering way: — 'You see, I think that I have been a little more than .1 match for you. Come, I will make a bargain — give me twenty-four hours' grace before jrou de nounce me, and I will contrive that your father escapes all blame.' She had raised her hand to press it to her brow, and her arm fell heavily to her side again with a stiff, mecha nical gesture. 'You are right/' she said, bitterly, 'you have me in your power, and I will keep silent for tho time you name/ but only on one condition.' ''Now you are talking sensibly. What may this condition be?'' 'That you go alone, and never from this moment hold any communication whatever with my sister Ellaline.' He answered her with an impatient gesture, and, though. Ms voice was still as careless as ever, she knew by tha light in his eyes that his anger was rising almost to the white heat of un controllable fury. 'That is impossible. I have tried to treat you with consideration, for her sake, but I would sooner kill you, Ear chel Delarayne, than forfeit Ellaline's love!' 'That is your answer?' she said, and then, turning on her heel, made a step towards the door. With a spring like a. panther's bound he was by her side, and ? caught her waist in a grip so close that she could barely restrain a cry of pain. The blacjk bruise of his fingers remained upon her white skin for many days. She could have screamed for help, but she knew that no help could come. 'Stay,' he said, 'for the last time -I give you your choice. Promise that you will not prevent my flight with ?Ellaline and I will take your Avord. Re fuse, and you ?will force me to the des perate means which are in my power.' 'You Avould kill me as you killed Os wald Grant,' she criod, 'but even to the last I should defy you ! Unhand me — your very touch makes me faint, and ?f you should kill me,- I think I should rise from my grave to save Ellaline from such love as yours.' ' . 1 Her defiance maddened him, and for an instance she closed her eyes, half expecting a cruel Woav to ? fall. ;' But instead, she found herself caught up .'n his strong arms, Avhile Avith one hand he yet contrived to stifle the Avild cries she strove to utter. So, half- carrying, I half-dragging her, he forced her across the room, to the curtained recess Avhere she had stood before. She saw him fumble at the Avainscoting that lined the Avail, and knew that a ' narrow panel had glided inAvard a t hi s touch. In a moment more he had thrust her through* the aperture into the utter gloom be yond, and the panel, closing rapidly, seemed to .shut* her into the darkness of a living grave, Avit-hout hope of res cue from the outer Avorld. Tho oak Avas thick and ponderous. Years ago the secret, door had been made and lined with a thin slab of stone, so that the panel might seem as solid as the rest of the wall. It Avas strong enough to muffle her loudest cries, and even if she beat upon it Avith all her frantic strength it Avas doubtful if her) knocking could be heard or understood , by those Avithin the room not in thej secret. It was a living grave, with no other outlet „ save this, Avhich he had just refastened — a grave into which, but a month before, he had thrust tho body ' of tho man he had struck doAvn so treacherously, in order that he might gain tho piiceless jewel. ? ' s Eric MacEldon secured the panel and then, crossing the room, poured himself out a glass of brandy, which he drain ed. Sir Cuthbert seined to have lapsed | into unconsciousness ; at any rate he j had no knowledge of Avhat had taken place; the secret of the girl's living tomb was locked in the heart of the man who had condemned her to t-liat awful fate. He had never penetrated beyond the threshold of that hidden way ; he had but a faint idea of Avhat lay beyond, yet 'the horror of the gloom and damp and unspeakable terrors Avhich might ?lurk there' ?unnerved, even him. The shook of being there alone Avould surely kill her, and for a moment he hesitated, tempted to relent. Yet it Avas but for. a moment, then other thoughts came and hardened his heart once more. 'She Avould part m& from Ellaline,' he muttered, 'it is her life against my love, and my love must A\\*in. . Bah! I am growing sentimental; let me find Ellaline and get her consent to pur im mediate flight. When once &he; and I rare AA'ithout, these gloomy old walls 1' ; shall forget AArhat it is that I am leav i ing behind.' Yet in spite of himself he shivered as he crossed the room to the door, and the^ patter of a rat scurrying behind th& Avainscoting made him Avonder if Rachel heard it, too. He had committed many crimes and had never known remorse before, .yet now her eyes seemed to haunt him, and as he recalled her Avords he Avondered, Avith a thrill of supersti tious terror, if she. were already dead', killed by the nameless horror to AvhicJi he .had condemned her, and was her ghost about to haunt him through all his future life? (To be cohfinued.} ' 