Cbe €tmi Bay Cimc$. I'lMhhed AVery Tuttday, Thunday, and Saturday, , conscloncu to »|-u.ilt tliu Iruth ( and Iheru foru^tho truth I apeak, Impugn It whoso SATUltUAY, Al'ttll. 0, 1S0S. KAHTEUTIDE. CiinisTi.iNiTV, divided into myrind ciiurclicfl, creeds nnd Beets, recogni.ica tinivorsally tlml tlio birth, dcntli nnd glurimts rosurroction nnd nucomion of Jesus Christ nro tlio tlirco cardinal Irullia upon which thoy found llioir louchiiigg anil llioir fnitli. ClirislnmH is tho culcbrntion of that now clinrtor of eturnnl Hfo which tho nngol ho.its hurnldcd on llctlilolioin's hoights nnd which whs brought to the children of mon by tho bnby-Christ nontliiig in Mitry's nrniH in tho inangor-crndlo. ' l'ciico on Harth, good will toward men' rings outyonr nftor year as 'tho limo drnws nenr tho birth of Christ,' and wo commomorato tho grout ovont by deeds of kindness nnd loro, ovi denced by Christinas fiiftB and good chcor. Castor, howovor, oxcolls Christ mas ns a joyous festival. It com uiotnoratcs tho completion of tbo mission of tho Nnzareno child and' His ontranco onco moro into His Father's kingdom. Tho filial obedl otico to His parents, tho teaching in tho tomplo, tho healing tbo siclt and raising tho dead aro brought before us ono by ono as tho panorama of tlio Qonpols is hold up to view during tho Christian yonr, bring ing us in full sight of tho agony -n-l bloody swoat in tho gnrdon of Golh semnno, nnd tho cross upon tho lonely hill, whoro Ho doclnrod 'It is finished,' nnd yioldod up tho ghost. If this had boon tho cud of all tho teaching of Josus Christ tho outlook for His dis ciples would havo bcon choorloss in deed. Tho generation in which Ho livod would no doubt havo troasured tho momory of His spotless lifo and tho glorious procopU Ho taught, but it would hnvo boon a broken column, n story ruthlossly closod by tho scribes and clnssos of tho limo. This was not to bo. Tho atono wns rolled away from tho Bopulchro nnd, altor having boon soon of His disciples nnd Mnry Mngdalono, tlio Lord of llonvon nnd Earth nscnndod with groat glory to His homo boyond tho 'kies, It is this oront — tho coping atono of tho Christian faith— that the world colebratos nt tho fostivnl called Enter. It corresponds to tho Jewish Passorar and originates from tho fact tb»t Christ was typified by the pas chal lamb sacrificed In that fo&st.; Tho early Christians, thon, combined tho two— tha prophesy nnd its roaliw lion— in tho EaBtor Carnival. The English name Eastor nnd tho Gorman Ustorn, wo nro told,oro most probably dorivod from tho namo of the foast Ostara, which was celebrated by the nnciont Saxons oarly In tho spring, nnd for which, ns in many otlior instances,' tho firat missionarios wisely substituted tho Christian feast. Tbo name ii.de rivod from a root moaning ' to burn,' which also nppoars in tho name of the Roman goddesi Aurora, Eastcr- flras, Eastor-oggs, and many otlior ou«. loins nnd suporstitions, all havo their origin from the ancient hoathon foast, which, ns the colobratlon of tho rosurroction of nature, was very nppropriatoly succoodod by tho festival which commomnratos tho rosurroction of Christ. To-morrow tho churches throughout, tho wido world will celebrate tho crowning glory of thoir faith and Add another to tho many Eastors which havo come and' gono nineo JostiB gavo Ills final earthly bonodiction to His followors and, bequeathing that poaeo which passes all understanding, bid them bo of good clicor until Ho, in His own good time, Bhould call thorn homo. Easlor ie n religious foast colobrnted within church wnlls by prnyor, praiso nnd sacrament— by brooking broad in romombrnnco of Him— but it does not fail to oxorciso a softouing nnd iab Uiitig uffocl upon tho gruat throbbing, rcslloBs soa of huinnnlty outnUlo ohurh walls, nnd yot within Bound of Uiobo tcitchlngs whioh nro ombodlud in prayor ami nntliom, Tho siilully Ktiblo wt'olo of Ettstort — Hiiiiilnya by Iheo nioro glori'itiB breuh, All ICnsler Uiy In overy wock, and Newiimn, burning with EitBlor flro, pDiinod Ilioso subliino vorson com inoncing 'Load kindly light, load on.' Oh, no, it would bo a drenry world, indeed, If our individual llnito sue cosfos nnd distinctions woro to bo tho oud of nil things, nnd tho tomb hommod In finally nud for uvor in its cold ombruco, our thoughta, nud hopos, and laves, nnd aspirations, Thus EaBtor 1)ny commomoratcs victory over dentil nnd tlio grave, nnd mnltos clonr tho mystory of tho rosurroction. It in, therefore, tho most solemn nnd yet tho most trnusconilontiy glorious of nil tho feuli vula that tho childron of mon can commomorato and must oxor ciso a hallowing iufluciico upon their lives and works. A Qrmm Cask.— At tlm Lnunaston l'ollca Court on Thurslay list, Lovvls I' Collins, manager of tlio dubtcollectlng sgency, chargid John Klli)turnlil, tbu well known bookaelhr, with nsaniilt. Oounscl fur the defence n-ked pklntlll wholliur ho had wilt'.on lo a (Inn In Mulbnumo from it hum de[undnnt had onluicil guoila lu such a manner M lo dam .gj lili credit. I'lalnlllT declined to aurwer tho quoll m, and a flue was Imposed. nuilNIK l'OMOU CODUT,— Al this court ou Thursday morning befom Mr A. K. Chapman SSI., William Thomas Smith, diargrtl wiih being drunk an I illHlurblug I ho pe.icu In Ihi Ilay Viuw Hotel on tho previous evening was lined 10/. John Curtain for disturbing tho peace at tha same limo and placo was II nod C;. Tim Judqks.— It la und''iatood In wo'l Informol circles that Mr Juitlto Admis contemplates ictlrlnu fioin thu position of puisne juil,(t- almost. Immediately. In the oventof hU dln^ so, Mlnlxtuis will boat liberty to fill up tho vacancy al onco, with out having to wait for thu meeting of Parlia ment, as in tho caso of the vncanuy caused by tho death of the late Chief Jusilco. KA8TKU DAY Bkiiviof.s.— It la notified by advorilaement that services will bo held at the Anglican churches In the parish of Kmu Hay to-morrow as follows :— Uurnlo, 8 a.m, H.O i 11 a.m. And 7 p.m. ; Homcnct, 10 a.m. H.O,,»nd 3 p.m.) Wyny.ud, 11 A.m. ami H.O, and 7 p.m. The oltortorlea will bo In aid ot tho General Church Fund. TUB Weathbii.— Huavy ralu tot In on Wednesday nlgbt and continued throughout Thursday, the rainfall that morning being oxceoJIngly coploui, Yoslunlay was dry butthreatenlog and It Is oililoul that Juplior Fluviua was not flnUhnd with us yot. Sovoral veiacls which put Into Kmu Day fir shelter on Wednesday got. away again on Thuraday. GOOD FhidaY.— YuLnlay was obsorvod aa a close holiday. Services woro held In Gathollo and Anglican chuichca, The cheap excursion fares on Government railways hare Induco I a numuor of oity residents to visit Uurniu for thu holidays and boil real, dents to visit LaunceatoD nnd other places, and a few of the woikmcn from the railway line are in town, otliois having proceeded to Jlelbourno by tho Graf ton on Thursday, Tatteusall.— Our Circular Head corre spondent writes :— Tilluraall'a favors reach even Circular Head, An Investor iccelve.1 a telegram on Wednesday evening, inform ing him of having drawn a horse In the Doncaitcr Ilamllop mvecp. The same party r.contly drew a oaah prlto. 1'enouin Snow,— This annual fixture was held on Wednesday last nud passed off very succestfully. l\n exhibits In all clasps were of nn excellent description, pirtlcu'arly the wheat nnd oats, Potatoes wero strongly In evidence, but owing to tbo oxcoaivo dry weather thero was a scarcity In small garden products, Tin chopping match was well coutcsted, and the horso jumping was tho best ever Boon there, Tbere wero eight on trie*, and (or on out of them cleared nil llnlr Jumps for tho first three rounds, There wore also good exhibits of miohlne.y, Imple ments etc, including a dray for eight hor.oa or bullocks, with frsmo and everything com plete, Although tin weather wni at times usually and showery, tbers wa- a fair at tendauce, PiaeoN HouiNQ.— A rao)was,(lo«*n from the 11-mile yesterdtj. Twenty birds com patoil and 11 werj shown, Ilesult : — II. Taylor's Sunrise, 8u)la34sea 1 I Btutterd And long's Orphan, Brnln 86a«o, i I Stuttord And Tung's Trenton. lOmln 8»-co. 3. The Derby will bo flown to-day from Waratah. Our tipster names Wlvenhoe, from A. Stut terd'a loft, as a likely winner. OiHOOLAn Head.— Our correspondent wiltes :— Weddings are the order of the day which Is a sure slitn of the goo.l times. \ Wm. Quest led Miss Butcher (daughter of our respected townsman Mr Wm. Uutoh.r) to tho hymontal altar on Wolnesday, The happy couplo woro married in the Kngllsh Church by tho Rev H. IVnly Mr J. L. .Wells was beat man, snl Miss Idttlo O'Connor bildesmald. After the core monr the widdlug party ailjourucd to Mr llutoher'a rasidence where tlio marriage, featlvitlrs were kept up right royally, Will Quest hails from the Luven way, but has been some little limo at Cir cular Head, whoro by bis (toady and manly ways h« has e'rncd for himself many frleni and Ins won a bonuy partner for life, We wish them orery sucoesn, and happiness — It . Is stvio.l on good authority that nt Duck Hirer a happy couple wero united on Wednesday, a so that another roildeat of the lame plnoo (a well known spurt an I cricketer) has cons to I/iunccston and Is ? expeotod to Brlog hla bride homo during thu week.— Tho soeno during the last two days ha* been i. no ol unusual activity around and about tho stora and now jHtj, no Icbs than five steamers putting In an appearance. It Is noarlv tine tho bonu guing went looked la hero | wu have had none for about a fortnight.— Mrs Dunn left by thu Knsby for Devooport, owing to learning that lur husbnnd waa lying In the Latrubj hospital dangerously III, It Is stated that he Is not expected to recover. Those who bollovo olironlo diarrhoea to he Incurable should read what Mr I*. 10 Or ham, of (laara Mills, La., has lo say on t subject, vie I-' I havo been n auffercr from olironlo diarrhoea ever alnco the war am havo tried all kinds of medicines for it A last I found a remedy that oftVctod a euro nnd that was Ohamborlaln'a Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Ilcmody.' This modlelno can always bo depended upon for colic, oholora morbus, dynontory nnd diarrhoea: It u ploasant to take and never fails to effect a core. Fur sale by all dcalori, Hattoh ard Laws, Qeueral Agents. 