Does the Theatre Make for Good ? (PROM THE BT. JAMES'8 QAZETTE.') Mr Olemonfc Scott has boon interviwed by Mr Raymond Blathwayt, upon tho stag© in general, and tho result iB about to bo nub lished in 4 Great Thoughts.' And a veiy startling result it is. Mr Scott's answer to tho qu stion, 1 Does the theatre make for good?' can, says Mr Blithwayt, bo aummed up in the one word 'No.' Tho theatre, as it stands to»day, is emphatically not one of the forco* that raako for rightoounoss. 4 If any ouo I love * said Mr Scolt to Mr Blathvayt in a recent conversation, 'insisted on going on to the Btage contrary to my advice, I should bo terrified for hor future, and hope less for tho endurance of our affection or even friendship. For stage-life, according to my experience,haB a tendency to d aden the finer feelings, to crush tho inner nature of men and womon, and to substitute artificiality and hollowness for sincerity and truth ;and mind you, I speak from an intimate experience of tho stage, extending over 37 years. * It is nearly impossible for a woman to remain puro who adopts tho stage a* a profession. Everything is ag.\inat her. Tho freedom of life, of speeoh, of gesturo, which is the rule behind the curtain, renders it upmost impossible for a woman to preserve that simplicity of manner whioh is, after all, hor greatest charm. But what is infinitely more to be deplored Is that a woman who ondeavours to keep her purity is almost of nece sity foredoomed to failure In her career. It is an awful thing to say, and it is still more terrible that it is true ; bub no one who knows tho life of tho gioenroom will dare deny it. Two things I want to be made clear : 4 1, that it is quito possible to lead a good life on the stage. Thousands do. Miss for instance, is a* good a woman as cvor lived. But the fact that many do lead good lives does not remove tho great temptarions from the weak brethren, 4 2, That I *iot a ointing prig or a Pharisee, who m >ko^ abroad his phlacteries, and says. * Thank God, I am not as other men are.' The temptation of tho stage is* and has been, quite as bad for mo »s for anyone else, if not worse. It would disorder any life and shipwreck any temperament, however relig ions, to have your whole minddevotod t'> tho showy and alluring for thirty seven years. Mr Scott went on to snrak of tho insatia able vanity of actors. * You may lie, in prai.-e of an actress, till your very fouI is Mackened but once tremble in the confines of veracity, and your life is a burden to' you from that hour. I have letters literally by the hundred here, which I have received during tho last thirty year*, lottors which are full of tho foulest abuse, and which bear the names of some of the best known theatrical people of the day. How I could be revenged if I were to publish them! 4 There is (Mr Scott continued) no school on earth so bud for tho formation character, or that so readily, so quickly, and bo inevitably draws out all that is worst, in man or woman as the stage. And 1 think tho English stage is tho worst, for, as a matter of fact, tho English are the least artistio people, and are more completely without tho saving graco of humour than any nation in the world, and so tho more readily make themselves ridiculous.' Mr Blathwayb suggested to Mr Scott tlmt the didcus^ion might be turned upon tho ptage that tho public socs. As to tho problem play, Mr Scott said: - 1 My contention is that the play you witness on the stage after dinner should never exceed tho limits of decency you allow at dinner. But the idea of the problem-play people appears to bo that the thoatro is a place whero any nasty subject cm be discussed without fear or shame. Take that infamoUB play of Ibsen's-^Ghosts' what is a young girl to think of that? Ibsen fails because he is, I suppose, an atheist, and has not rellsed what the great backbone of religion means to the English race. He fails because his play* are nasty, dirty, impure ; clover if you like, but foul to tho last degree, and healthy minded English people don't like totttand and oniff over an ash-pit.' And what do yon think, Mr Scott of the religious or semi*reli«ious play, which wo have several times of lato seen enacted in our midst? The * Pilgrim's Proeross,' for in stance. and 'The Sign of tho Cross}1 4 Well.' he replied, 4 they are good in their way and very well meant, but I can not nay I think they have much of a future, nor do 1 think for one moment that it would be des irable that they should have. Where are you to stop. Look at Francois Copp^o's 4 Le Pater'-whero a woman bays the Lord's pray er on the stage. That will distress many people. You cannot enlist the stage on the side of religion, try as you may.' * The play with a good moral (continued Mr Scott) has always boon with ns and often does great good. You know (ho continued, with a laugh) The Ticket-of-Leavo Man' is said to have converted hundrodB of thieves from tho error of their wnyd. And mind you I do fe* l this, as t'vory sensible per-on must acknowledge, tho stage, with care and caution, could bo a great teacher. Whore bettor than in a thoughtful play could wo loarn tho le«son of loyalty in men and chivalry towards women ?' 