ALLSORTS By ' Luny '. RECOLLECT, I AM/HERE Foe the Cause that Lacks Assistance; For the Wrongs that Need. Resist? ance ;, For the Future in the Distance ; And the GOOD that I Can Do. Misses A. O'Brien and K- Byrnea sends me the following : — In reply to a paragraph inyour ' All-sorts ' column re the late pic nic, etc., at Lyn.db.urst, we beg to state, that what you have said is not true. The promoters of tbe Ball only re-. ceived a quarter of a cake, a few lollies, and a plate of scraps. We would like to know what was done with all the eatables that were left at Mr E ? 's, and which were held over for the Juvenile Ball that — . never came off ? *. * Under date Sydney, 16fch inst., my old friend ' No. 1,' writes me as. follows : The question which arises is — Is. the newspaper mau charged with the duty of looking after the public wel fare and guiding them along the path of rectitude, or is he simply a business, man, who retails to the public some article of commerce ? I say, unques tionably, the latter. The care of the, spiritual welfare of the people is and always has been left to the clergy, who, from the moment of ordination, are supposed to devote their lives to, the single object of directing the lives, of the people by the exercise, to the very utmost of their power, of moral, suasion. Where their power ends the law of the land steps in, and, by the exercise of force, completos.tlie work. Now, the clergy aud the officers of the law, both of whom perform an, honor able and necessary duty, are paid for tlieir work, and the individual, in pri vate life, who rushes in to. fill an im aginary gap, is always called a fooL for his pains, and, if he suffers in tbe performance of a work %vnrcn no per son wants him to do, he is quite prop-, erly left where he deserves to be — in. a hole. I remember a, case in which, a couple of young fellows started a. newspaper, and, like all very young, inexperienced men, were quite filled with the idea that the public expected: this sentimental duty of them. Soon, a chauce occurred, and a strong article-, appeared, dealing with a slight dere liction of duty on the part of an offici al and from which, by-the-way, no. one suffered in the smallest degree. An apology was demanded, bnt was; indignantly refused* because, they sa,id, ' We are doing a public duty,, and the public will stick to us.' A^ libel action followed, verdict, for the. plaintiff; damages, and costs amount ing to £50. Of course, they had no-, money, and now came theepportunity for the noble . public to step.- in: and. show their -appreciation of the young men's work. Lend them money to, hplp. them out of the ditch ? Not much ! ' D — n fools, w.ho can't run, a business without getting into, trouble) will handle none of my mpney,' said the public ; and for want, of £10, which would have afforded, them, temporary relief, they were sold; out and had to walk out of the town without a shilling. The public pay you to. supply the news of the day, print patent medicine advertisements, and short stories (to be continued in our next), and to rake in as many casual, quarterly and' annual adver-. tisements as you can. Then you will make a lot of money, become. Mayor (mare) of the town, and later on,, niaybe,. President of- the Race and Football Clubs,, and,. eventuaTjy, get into Macquarie Street, (not King Street, where the- martyr to. public: duty generally lands). Tour noble ambition to leave the world a little, better than you found it is entirely praiseworthy,, but,, unfortunately, it, has no commercial value.. Later on, you will find that the people do not want to be saved, and are ? much happier if allowed to go on in their present sinful condition ; any little attention they may require they will always receive from the gentlemen, beforementioned. Therefore, if you really want to. do some good, go, straight for CASH every time ; then, you will have a lever which will move, the world. * *, A Lyndhurst writer sends; me tho following : ? lie the cakes, &C;, Left. Over- trom the Picnic. — You may kick the person, who wanted to. know what became of the pas try (that is, if you are able, you, know). Your* informant of last week lied a black lie when SHk (I know it was a SHE), said th.at 'It went to the Ball, The fact is, there was a large, case of stuff from the picnic, and only a small basketful weut to. the Ball; There was a table ful of couples who: had, to go without pupper- because there^ was nothing to eat. Charity begins at home, they say, but, it generally goes home (that is, the pastry) here, This, is, the truth, Kindly keep my name? dark ; that is all 1 want you to do, as I have to live cxx. tbe: public. Mr H. M. Rothery, of Cliefden, informs us that dur ing a recent drive, 102 noxious animals were destroyed. We have heard from some -of the men who were engaged in the recent drive that the hares came from the farmers' cultivation paddocks, where they were reared # * Up Coolaman way lately there was a wedding, and, in a description of it, given in a certain religious journal, I saw that Miss — — , from Dubbo, a bridesmaid, was attired in white shower of hail, with, valencienuies lace and insertion'. This dress would certainly be very suitable for hot Coolamou, but — er — well — rather transparent, you know. Surely, the groomsman wore a thick veil to con iCcal his blushes. # * A Poetical Cukjosiit. As a poetical curiosity I commend to my readers' notice this extract from Sunday Wohk : — The following lines are susceptible of two meanings. A bachelor friend reads the first and third and second and fourth, lines together and seems to find an eternal Batisfaction in reading them thus — the wretch. ! 1\. The man must lead a happy life 3\. Who is directed by his wife ; 2\. Who's freed from matrimonial chains 4\. Is sure to suffer for his pains. 1\. Adam of old could find no place 3\. Until be saw a woman's face ; 2\. When Eve was given for a mate, 4\. Adam was in a happy state. 1\. In all the females' hearts appear 3\. Truth, darling of a heart sincere ; 2\. Hypocrisy, deceit and pride, 4\. Ne'er known in woman to reside. 1\. What tongue is able to unfold 3\. The worth in women we behold ; 2\. The falsehoods that in women dwell 4\. Is almost imperceptible. 1\. Fooled be the foolish man, I say, 3\. Who will not yield to woman's sway ; 2\. Who changes from his singleness 4\. Is sure of perfect blessedness. * # A couple of new-chums landed in Sydney, and, after purchasing a trap and itnrn-out, made their way up country. They camped one evening near a farmhouse, and, after a chat, the farmer invited one of them inside, and made him a present of a lavge sugar-melon, for which he thanked him. Upon arrival at the camp — it being the first melon they had seen ? — rthey were a bit perplexed as to its disposal. Finally, they decided upon cutting it open, and, seeing the red centre, came to the conclusion that it was raw, and proceeded to boil it ! A young lady of my acquaintance has a swain, who lately sent her a letter ?with a little poem enclosed. She very sapiently brought it to me for advice, as I am known to be re liable in all such cases. Here is the epistle : — ' My dear Mary Ann, just a f u lines hopping it will find you orl rite has it leave me at present, i just happened to drop on 2 a little pome on a skrap ov paper witch just Boots our case so i am posted it 2 you with luv. i dearly luv the singing burd an little buzzin be but dearer far than orl the world is thy sweet voice 2 me. o very deep is daddys well and deeper is the c but deeper in my buzzuni is the luv i bear 4 the. then smile on me dear Mary Ann and make my heart feel lite qhane the big dorg and i will cum a cortin Sunday night, — John Scot. My advice was simple. I told her to leave the big ' dorg ' very much unchained, and have her young brother handy with some assorted bricks and blue metal on Sunday night, and then make John Scot scoot. * * A. Bosh Story. The irrepressible 'Flaneur' relates that just before the last sessions closed a grizzled old galoot with burs on his breeches and hay in his hair was seen wandering round the 'Talking Shop' in Macquarie-street, and on being asked his business, said, ' I've just como down fi'omJMacintyre-r-ain't been V Sydney for seven years, — an' I want ter got a look at old Paries ; he was a rai'o old schemer in his time, bat he must be gettin' worn out now.' ' Getting worn out ! ' exclaimed the man addressed. 'Why he!s pegged out — Parkes is dead ; died not long after marrying his third wife.' ' You don't say so ! ' returned the modern Rip van Winkle. « Well, he had a poorty good innings, but I thought he'd go to tho matrimonial dUnr once too often. He should hev stuck ter politics and letth' peddicoats alone— Who's got his billet now ? ' ' Reid is our premier now,' was the reply, and then tho ancient duffer shook Jiifi fusty head and said : * Ueiil — Reid — never heard of him ; What's his other business 1 ' ' Reid is a lawyer,1 exclaimed the other man ; and immediately tho aged visitor livened up, and savagely said, ' Oh, Reidte a lawyer, is he ? Well, now, I don't want ter know aiiy more about him at all, I'm ' Jack ' about lawyers.. I went tor law wonst meself ; got a verdick for £10 and a lawyer's bill for £25; — not ony more law for me. And I,m sorry for Parkes — there was V'uss men in th' land than him. Oh, drunkenness! Oh, drunkenness ! Oh ! what a cursed vice ; It takes away our appetiteB, And makes our purses light. * * This is how a parson took leave of his parishioners in a town in the far West : — Dearly Beloved — Our parting does not seem hard to me, for three reasons — you do not love me, you do do not love each other, and the Lord does not love you. If you love me, you would have paid me for my ser vices during the past two years : you do not lore each other, otherwise I should have more marriages to cele brate ; and the Lord does not love you, for otherwise He would call more of you to Him, and I should have more funeral services to conduct. His parishioner did not press their pastor to stay. The young man who wants to cure himself of the smoking habit should try ' acid drops,' the ordinary acid drops of the confectioners. The acidity of the sweets it is said, 'causes the tobacco to have a disagreeable taste. To bring this about you must first take the sweets and afterwards the tobacco. It is necessary to have the acid taste in your mouth when you smoke, or the peculiar nausea consequent on the meeting of the two flavors will not be thoroughly appre ciated. After dinner is the best time to commence. Make a point of taking a few acids directly you have had dinner and then commence to 6moke. # # One excellent way of beginning the If ew Tear aright (says ' The Farceur') is to copy the Chinese custom of settling up all our debts and starting off with a clean sheet. This is a most pleasing practice, and if ever the Chinese send missionaries along to convert us it is to be hoped that this squaring up of old debts may be one of the first things taught. Apropos to which many persons appear to think that a newspaper is run for the mere fun of the thing and costs nothing. This is not strictly true. There is no more fun in running a newspaper than there is in being passed through a stsani threshing machine, and the cost is about equal to that of maintainga circus menagerie. A popular opiniou seems to exist that newspaper proprietors require neither food nor raiment, neither do iheir families, but that all are fed by ravens or crows or kookaburras in some mysterious manner, and make their own clothing out of fig-leaves and sugar matting. All this is a ghastly illusion. The newspaper man has to deal with the butcher and baker and summer-suit maker the same as other men, and if he doesn't pay spot cash many tradesmen consider that he has foully tarnished the lily-white escut cheon of journalism, and they watch his dwelling as closely as a sharp nosed terrier would watch a rat- hole. These are sad reflections for New Year's time, but, like Banquo'6 ghost, they ' will not down ' — at least not until every subscriber has anted up his 1S98 subscription. * * A well-known temperance lady visited one of the suburbs the other night to deliver a lecture on ' Tbe Cursed Drink'. Subsequently, she went to a friend where champagne was served ; she drank two glasses, and, smacking her lips, exclaimed : ' Well, it may be wicked drink, but it is good.' A fact. Writing on Wednesda\ , our Lyndhmst correspondent says — At a meeting of commoners, held here on 16th inst., the fol lowing gentlemen were elected Trustees — Messrs J. Miles, Geo. Stammers, T. J. Lea beater, T. A. K el ley and J. T. Davies, The glorious rain has made its appearance here, and it is safe lo say that the drought is broken. N ice, steady rain has been foiling these two days, with every appearance of continuing. ,Our farmers are busy sowing and are quite jubi lant. A very old and respected resident, Mrs Hoad, of the Five- Mile, died early this morning. She had been suffer in.; for some considerable time. Mrs Hoad was attended by Dr. Hawthorne. Much sympathy is expressed for the bereaved family. 