Sales ami f ketches. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ABB ANG EM ENT. IN THE GRIP OF HATE, Br A. W. MARCHMONT, Author of M By Right of Sword,' ' A Heritage of Peril,' ' Sir Jaffray's Wife,' ' The Mystery of Mortimoro Stratige,' ' By Whose Hand?' 'The Old Mill Mystery,' 'Miser Hoadley's Secret,' &c;, &c.; COPVBIGHT. Chapter XII.— 'It is a House of Death.' In the d«ye that followed the scene at the dinner table matters went more smoothly at Wyyern Gardens. Mercy put a strong curb on the outward expression tf her feelings for Colonel Roca, and peace was apparently patched up between them. Meanwhile pre parations for the wedding were hurried forward, and ten days later the marriage took place. A fortnight's trip on the Continent was all the time which the Colonel Baid he could spare from his business affairs, and as soon as they returned the arrangements were completed for closing the London house, and going to what he had termed ooe of his places in the country. As a fact he had merely rented it, havicg chosen it with great care to carry out the end he had in view. It was a large, old, rambling house, called Beachley Court, ou. a very dreary, wild part of the coast of Suffolk. It stood almost on the verge of some low cliffs, and a long stretch of the garden had been protected against the inroads of the sea by a steep stone break water. The need for this was apparent ; because al each end of the stonework the cliffs had been washed away to such an extent that the house and gardens stood on a kind of small promontory. The land belonging to it had gone out of cultivation, owing partly to its poor nature and the heavy tithe which it carried, and partly because of the conduct of its owner, a wealthy, but half-mad, recluse, who had gone to live there in the latter years of his life when out of conceit with the world at large. He had allowed nothing to be cultivated except the garden where he walked every day, and this had only been roughly tended. Hating his fellow- creatures, and hav ing means to indulge his mania, he had bought up almost every homestead and cottage any where near the Court, and had either pulled them down or shut them up and allowed them to go to ruin. Thus for miles round the place there wai scarcely a habitation of any kind, and the desolate dreariness of the spot was awesome. The' house itself had been well-furnished, and the Colonel added many things to increase the comfort of his wife and the two girls. He desired that (here should be every evidence of his wish to do all that lay in hiB power to make them happy ; but he explained that it must, of course, take some little time to make the surroundings of the houBe what they should be. The impression upon Mercy and Lallu was very strong. They arrived in the gray of the evening after a drive of seven miles from the nearest railway station, and the ruined houses, . un cultivated fields, and wild, barren district through which the greater part of the road lay set up a feeling of lonesome helplessness, which increased with every mile of the journey. 'It is like an accursed land,' said Lallu, drawing her wrapB closer as the keen air from the sea came driving across the waste. The Colobel was in high spirits, tinctured with indignation against the late resident. 'The loveliest district in England,' he said, airily, ' and the healthiest. It has been out of my family for .some years, and the old man who lived here had a spite against me, knowing the place must be mine one day, and did this ;' and he waved a hand to indicate the despoiled condition of the land. ? 'It seems a very flit country, Manuel,' said his wife, nervously, beginning to be affected by the lonesomeness, but afraid to say so. ' My dear, we are far above the sea, and over there,' pointing in a direction in which there was nothing but rather dark mist, ' are the loveliest hills that the eye of man can wish for. You will be charmed with the Court. It is old, and .rambling, and quaint, fall of the most delightful galleries and passages, with rooms in little out of the way corners where you would never dream of looking for them.' 'I hope the place isn't haunted,' she replied. ' My dear child, how can you say such a thing ! Here we are, at the c'.o e of the nineteenth century, the most practical century* in th* history of the world, the ' heir of all the ages,' and you talk of ghosts. I wish there were. I should welcome them— posi- tively weloome them.' ' 1 shouldn't,' said his wife, with a shudder. ' And I hope the drains are all right,' she added, more practically. ' These old houses are often in a dreadful state.' ' You may be quite certain about that,' returned the Colonel, smiling cynically. ' The old misanthrope who lived here for so many yean kept all his love from ether folk to give It to himself.' Mercy listened to the conversation between the two, taking nb part in it, bat watching the Colonel, teeing always the evidence of his falseness, and wondering with b growing feeling of fear why he had brought them down to such a place, ?; ' 8he pat an arm through Lillu's, and taking her hanA, found it- tjold, and the two moved closer toftetber as if with a mutual instinct of consolation. / ' Is there a doctor anywhere near, Manuel T' said bis wife again, with a pause. 'It would be drea4fol *o be taken 01 at such a distance t com 4ftof*het9. ' 7 V ' Upon my word, I never thought to ask,' he answered. ' But there must be ; this old man died, eo some doctor must have attended him. That's pretty clear evidence,' he added with a sneer. ' But it doesu't nutter so much as it might, sinoe I know a good deal abont medicine, and Juan, who will be down next week, has studied it. But you can't be ill in a place like the Court.' ' People may be taken ill anywhere,' was the reply, spoken rather peevishly. ' It makes me rather— I mean, I hope there will turn out to be one somewhere. How far is the nearest town, Manuel ?' 'Oh, only about a mile or so from the station. Quite close for the country. You should live in South America, my dear, away in one of the outlying spots, thirty -or forty miles from everywhere. Then you might speak about loueliuess.' ' Ishouldu't live there ; I should die,' was the reply. After this the talk ceased until La.Uu said: ' It is very cold ;' and she trio! to draw her wraps more closely round her, and shivered. 'It is i» splendid air this, but keen at times,' said the Colonel. ' We shall be home in a few minutes now, and then you'll see what an ideal home au Euglish country house makes.' But the lonesomeness of the place had depressed the others too much for this assumption of cheerfulness to have any effect upon them ; and the feeling of depression and uneasiness deepened as they drew nearer to the house, and the suggestion of desolateness was increased as they came within sound of the sea beating upon the foot of the cliffs along which the last half-mile of the road ran. The house was dark and gloomy, and when the door was opened the large square hall, badly lighted by one large lamp, was dim and full of shadows. ' Welcome to the Court ?' said the Colonel, as lie led his wife» across the threshold and kissed her. The two girls followed, and Mercy found that Lallu was trembling violently. Going up the steps she stumbled, and would have fallen had not Mercy caught her arm. On the threshold she paused and shuddered. ' It is a house of death,' she said, in. a low whisper. 'It is » house of death.' The rooms were much more cheerful, how ever. They were well lighted with lamps and candles and comfortably furnished, and in the big low-ceiliuged diniug-room tho table was spread for dinner. The Colonel took hi j wife to her rooms and a servant waited to show the girls t# theirs. The rooms in themselves were comfortable, but to Mercy's surprise and a little to her consternation, they were not close together txa in the London house, buk in different wings and separated by a long winding passage, so dark that the girl was nervous as she went to 6nd Lallu after she had thrown her things off. The luggage had not arrived, so that she could make no change of dres?. She hurried along the passage, glancing nervously about her into the dim shadows everywhere. She opened the doors ot two or three rooms before finding Lallu's, and closed them again hastily, as they were dark and damp- smelling. Lallu she found silting quite still on the bed. She had not moved since the servant had left her, and she still wore her hat and travelling capp, and her face had an expression of fear and dismay. ' Lallu, dearest, you must be quick,' said Mercy, brightly, trying to rally her.- 'They will be waiting for us.' ' It is a house of death ?' said the girl, again shuddering and speaking in a tone of positive conviction. 'There is death all rouud us. He has brought us here to die, Mercy.' For a moment Mercy had no reply ready. The words had voiced the sombre thought that had been growing within her during all the drive. But she made an effort and tried to appear cheerful. 'My dear child, you must not indulge such fancies. You are cold and tired and ha ye been a long time without food. Be quick and let us get down to dinner. You will be better then.' ' I tell you I see it. Listen to that sound of the sea,' exclaimed Lallu, opening the the window, 'and hear what it Bays. It is the chant of death. ' But Mercy would not heed her, and presently induced the girl to lay aside her travelling things and go down to where the Colonel and his wife were already waiting for them. The dinner was a cheerless meal. The Colonel attempted to make conversation and talked to bis wife, but her replies were short, with more than a spice of irritability in them. Her first impressions of the place were very unfavourable ; and as she always trusted to these, she was beginning to make up her mind that she would not be happy there. Moreover, the dinner was bidly cooked and the servant who waited at the table, the same who had shown the girls to their rooms, was a middle-aged woman, untidily dressed, gaunt and forbidding, and she waited very badly. *' Site is a very poor servant, Manuel,' Mrs. Boca said, when the woman was away. 'She is a very faithful creature, Ella,' he replied. ' This is the country, you Jcnow, not London ; aud, until we jget into order, and your capital management has time to take effect, we must be prepared for things to be different.' 'They are very different,'. was the reply, moodily spoken, and after that little more was spoken during the dinner. When it was over the Colonel went to his wife's side and taking her hand kissed it and then kissed her cheek as he suid : ' I shall be sorry if yon don't like this dear old place, Ella. _ I shall blame myself severely. But as an old campaginer I may have thought little of some of the drawbacks that to yW three will perhaps be very serious.' ? . The (ouch of love brightened her. ' I shall try to like it,' she answered, look ing up into hiu face. 'It is only a little strange ajffirat. But we shall all try, shan't we, Mercy?' She made the appeal rather timorously. ' It is very lonesome and weird,' answered the girl, lifting her eyes from therfire. ' But we may get used to it.' ' I hope you will be happy here. I think you will,' said the Colonel. ' It is a place that grows on one quickly. Thp old fellow who lived here last disliked it at first, but he grew so, attached to it that nothing would induce him to leave it.' ? ' He died here,' said Lallu, abruptly. ' It is a bouse of death.' 'Don't, my dear,' exclaimed^ Mrs,,, Roca, starting and looking up. ' Don't say such dreadful things ; you frighten me.' ' Aunt Hawthorne, I am speaking only the truth. It h the house of death.' And Lallu, who had not noticed that she had used the wrong name, shivered. ' That's not a very kindly or comfortable welcome,' said the Colonel, with a sneer of annoyance. The girl looked across at him with the expression in her eyes which aever failed to disconcert him, and after grazing at him steadfastly for some moments, she repeated with much more emphasis than before : ' It is a house of death.' And then added — ' and you know that I am speaking only the truth.' The words were spoken so impressively that a moment of dead ailence followed ; ani the Colouel was vastly relieved when the servant entered to say that the luggage had arrived aud to ask for instructions about it. Chapter XIII. —A Poktest. The arrival of the luggage and the necessity of seeing to its disposal and the work of un packing formed a welcome distraction for Mrs. Roca and the two girls. Both Mercy's and her mother's maids had refused at the last moment to leave London, and the task of arranging the thiogs fell upon themselves. At another time Mrs. Roca would have grumbled sadly and have been ill, leading the work to Mercy, but now she was so glad to fine something to do that she Bet about the work quite eagerly. She had no instinct of order, however, and soon had her rooms in such a complete muddle and litter that she had to send the bard visaged servant to Mercy to come and get her out of il. ' What docs one do in the country, Mercy ?' she asked, helplessly, as she sat and watched her quick clever daughter at woik. ' I declare I was quite g'a I touight at having something found for me to do.' ' I suppose after a time we shall get used to the change, dear. But it seems a very aimless sort of life before us.' ' Do you think there can be no one to call onus! I only saw two or three little bits of cottages as we drove along. I suppose, only labourers, and so on. Surely there must be some people somewhere. Even a church would be better than nothing.' ' The house appears to be a long way from everywhere. But we may find it all right in the morning, or after a few days.' Mrs. Roca went to the door and peeped out, And then shut it carefully and returned to her chair, and said in a low tone : ' I don't like the look of that woman who watted at diuner, do you ? I must try to get rid of her. I don't like to tell Manuel, because he chose her ; but she's got such a hard face, and what a voice she has ? And so clumsy I' ' She is not a .trained servant, of course. But one scarcely likes to condemn her merely for her looks. '_ ' She is so familiar, too. She stood about here just now when I began the unpacking, and wanted to tell me what to do. And she wanted to be prying into this and that, un*j} I had to tell her to go downstairs. She m&ue; me quite uncomfortable.' ' Let us hope she'll improve.' 'Oh, she shau'c stop here. I wouldn't have her on any account.' ' I'm afraid you'll have trouble in getting servants here at all. It's such a lonely epot.' Her mother sighed, helplessly, and presently in a still lowec whisper, she asked : ' Do you feel nervous at all ?' ' We are all tired to-night, mother. We can tell better about things in the morning.' ' I do. I'd have given half the money I own to have had the horses' head3 t'urned back to the station and gone home to Wyveca Gardens. But the Colonel has go set his mind on* pleasing us here that I hadn't (he heart to 'disappoint him. Bat- 1 seem to get more and more frightened every hour I spend in the place. It's so large and rambling ; and thojte awful passage*, winding here, there, and everywhere, almost scare me out of my wits. I declare as I followed that dreadful woman up here I was looking in all directions into the corners and shadows, dreading to Bee I don't know what. I hope nothing's going to happon,' Bhe concluded, .weakly. ' Why stay here if it frightens you?' asked Mercy, stopping in her work for a moment and looking afher mother. 'What a silly question to ask, child. Doesn't Manuel wish it ? I hope you are not going to continue that old habit of trying to eome between us.' She spoke very sharply. It was such a relief to experience aome feeling momentarily stronger than her fears that she was glad; to indulge her temper. 'That's a very obstinate trick of yours, Mercy, nut to answer when you're spoken to, 'she continued, when the girl remaiucd silent. ' Anyone would suppose I bad a sullen temper myself, and had brought you up to be the same. . I'm BUre no one can say I'm sullen, or obstinate, or spiky. I suppose you wou'd not have me set ray fancies against my husband's desires, would you ? What's the use of having a man at the bead of a family if you're not to do as he wishes ? Have youUothing to say ?'-' ' No, mother. 1 have not the least' inten tion of doing what yon ?uggeBt— trying to come between you and Colonel Boca, as you say. But if coming to thin bouse means that we are all to bo frightened into uohappiness, I don't see any harm in one of us telling him about it.' '^Frightened into uuhappincss,^ indeed. Nousenae. There's no need to be afraid in our own bouse, surely ? ' she asked, with flagrant inconsistency. ' We're not a pack of children. The .bouse is old and damp, and ? You're putting those things. away al together wrong, Mercy,' she broke off, pettishly. ' I shajl never shall be able to find a single thing I want,' and feeling rested and refreshed she went to work, again and undid much that Mercy hud done, tiiking in a . querulous, scolding tone all the time. . ? ;., ... But when it was finished she was very thankful, and kissed Mercy very sweetly and lovingly. They went downstairs together to . the drawing-room, Mrs. Boca's nervousness breaking out strongly on the way, an-J. show ing itself in many quick, frightened glare jg, timid little starts, and the tight pressure on the girl's arm. Mrs. Roca bad forgotten that Mercy had still her own unpacking to do, until she pleaded it as an excuse for not going into the drawing-room. They kissed each other, and said good night by the drawing-room door, and then Meicy went up alone, first to hertown room, and then on to Lallu's. The Game strong feeling %f dread was on her, and she hurried through the long paeesages, possessed by a desire to turn her head constantly to make sure no one was following her. Lallu had done nothing. She had gone t'o her room, and sitting down id an armchair by the fireside had left the ayah and Ab Dur, who had arrived with the luggage, to do the work. When it was finished the girl'o seat the ayah to do Mercy's, and then drew their chairs close together by the fire to talk. 'What does it all mean, Mercy?' asked Lallu, in a tone of suppressed fueling. ' 1 am full of strange forebodings and weird terrors that I cannot put into words. Why has he brought us to this awful place ? I am sure there is some motive, and cf what kind we may guess. Did you notice how be looked when £ spoke out downstairs ?'* ' Yes ; but it may be only our imagina tion.' ' Imagination ! There is no imagination in this houee being shut right away from every one ; the miles between us and the railway are no imaginary ones ; the dismal solitude is real cuough — the miserable helplessness of our position. Isn't this real enough for you ? Why has he brought us here ? I have been asking myself that question over and over again, and I get no answer— but one.' She spoke the last two words in a voice of awe. ' We had better wait and see what the place is like in daylight. It is all so strange to us. The dismal silence, broken only by the dirge of the sea, is so unusual to us that it nounds uncanny. Let us wait for the day light. Mother is very nervous,' she added. ' Is it to get us hopelesaly into his power ? There are rooms in this old building in which one could be locked up till one was starved to death, and not a soul would know of it. You might be driven mad by all the tortures of devils, and there would not be a single ear .to hear your screams, except that of the wretch who tormented you. It is a wild and evil and accursed spot.' 'You are morbid to-night, Lallu,' said Mercy, kisBing her. ' And that cruel toea, tco. lam afraid of the sea, with its cruelty and treachery and luring falseness. It is like that inau down stairs. Look 1' and she went to the windows and flung open the casement and leaned out. There was a alight breeze blowing from the sea, lifting the mists and driving them inward, till they struck the girl and made her shiver. The creaking, of the opening casement was like a jarring note on the air that was all palm and soundless save for the beat, beat, Tjeat of the waves on the breakwater below. As the girls looked out the mists lifted quickly, and the moon shone out across tbe waters, making a brilliant silver rippling path away out toward the horizon. 'Listen to it,' said Lallu, 'as it chants- its monotone psalm of victory for the lives it has gathered, the ruin it has spread, and the mysteries it has hidden. Look at the silver path for the Angel of Death to pass along, with a sob of the waves for a dirge and a hiss of the spray in scorn of the weakness of men.' ' Come in, dear,' said Mercy, closing her side of the window noisily. ' It is cold. If we harbour these fancies we shall be frightened till we grow ill. And if your suspicion is right, that Colonel Roca has some . Biimter motive in bringing us down here, we shall certainly seed not ooly~our wits but all our strength. You have already made me so frightened I shall be almost afraid to go to my rooms. I wish our roopis were nearer.' ' That is probably all planned,' said Lallu, sitting down again, and staring into the fire. ' * es, but Lullu, what can he do ? He can keep us here for a time until we either run away or mother summons up courage to cay she won't Btop. But if we keep our heads level, he can't do anything.' 'Why not? Do you think be dare not? I tell you, Mercy, he has brought us down ' here either to drive us to take some desperate step or to take it himself.' ' Well, I shall do my best not to let myself be frightened.' ' How can you help it in a house all full of gloom and myBtery like this ? It might be tbe scene of a hundred secret crimes.' They lapsed into silence then, each busy in thought, and both full of vagne alarms. ? Sitting thus they both started and cried out suddenly, as there came the sound of a heavy blow on the window, followed by tapping and raatlingas though someone were attempting to get in. . They -sat fur a moment uuable to move fot terror, oliuging to one another, and ataring at tho window with blanched faces and fear dilated eyes, 'v '4tfhat was that!' whispered Mercy when the sound ceased. .' Someone trying to unfasten the window,' replied Lalla. ? ? 'It is impassible,' said Mercy, stoutly. 'I will o'pen the window and sea for myself ;' and though her heart beat so fast that she felt every throb in her breast, and was chilled and trembling, she. forced herself to go to the wipdow, tfirow it open, and look out. ' There is nothing,' she said. ♦' Bat we both heard it, Mercy. I am sure there was something or someboiy.' f£ercy leaned out and looked all round ; but' saw nothing whatever to explain the noise. !* It is absurd to think that anyone could reach up from the path below and touch the window, and there is not a living thing in sight.' ^ '♦ Perhaps noTfviug thing,' returned Lallu. 'It was a sign.' ** My dear. Lallu, you must not be so super stitious.' But the words had scarcely left her lip* when she started back and cried out iufereat fear. Something had struck her full in the face ! The other girl jumped up and ran to her, and' seeing something fluttering on the floor sefcsd it instantly. It was a bat ; and with a low, guttural exclamation, Lallu wrung its neok aud tossed it out of the open window. ** Oh, how it frightened me,' said Mercy, watching Lalla with, amazement. ' How could you do that? I see now what it all was. The horrid thing must have flown agajnat the window when we heard that noise, and has now come swooping into the room and struck me on the face. It is stupid to be frightened at nothing in that way ; but I couldn't help it. I wonder I didn't faint; and my heart's beating so fast now that it pains toe.' . ' It is another omen. Mercy,' said Lallu, gloorqjly. ' Bats are the scouts of death and i;J.' Mercy rose and shut the window and went back to her seat by the fire, her nerves so shaken that when the logs fell together aud sent up a shower of sparks she started with fear and trembled. Her companion hid sunk into a deep reverie, and th,e silence in the room with the mournful sound of the sea coming faintly from without was oppressive and unendurable. ' Thjs is childish, Lallu,' Bhe exclaimed, jumping to her feet, determined to conquer the Reeling. ' We shall lose not only our courage but our wits if we sit here dreaming t of fear. Let us do something. let us see what (his part of the house is like. I am going into the other rooms. Come with me.' She took a hand lamp, and opening the door peered out into tf e passage. Turning to call to Lallu, who had not moved, the light fell on her beautiful hair and facs, and made them* radiant. 'Come,' she said, a little imperiously. Lallu rose slowly and reluc tantly and followed closely. ' This is to be your sitting-room, Isuppos',' said Mercy, holding the tamp aloft that it might throw a wider light. The Indian girl'B boxes and trunks layabout in confusion, where Ab Dur and the ayah had left them. It was a big, low-ceiling, square room, and the thjnly carpeted boards creaked as the girls moved, while the light from the lamp was oply enough to reveal the heavy shadows athat were thrown by the hangings and the furniture. On (he opposite side of the passage was another room the door of which was locked and the key removed. The next they tried was the ayah's bed room, and opposite that again, Ab Dur's room. Then they came to an unfurnished room of irregular shape ; built out apparently at the corner of the wing and having many windows, through one of which the moon -was streaming in brilliantly. This innst be a pleasant room in daylight,' said Mercy, going into it, ' or might be ma^de one,' but the next instant she jumped back and gave a half -scream as a rat scampered across the floor and with a squeak dashed into a hole in the wajnBcot and scuttled away under the boards. 'Oh, Lallu, what a dreadful house,' cried Mercy. '?? There are rats in it. ' ' Rats do no harm,'* said Lallu, smiling. ' I can't understand you, Mercy. You think nothing and see nothing of things that are really dangerous, and yet you are scared by a rat. Thisshallbetheroomformypetsand then the more rats that come here the better. She laughed, but as suddenly her eyes opened wide, her features set in fear, and she clutched *t Meroy'e arm and whispered, ' Hark, what it that V *' Somebody's footsteps in the corridor, that's all,' replied Mercy, easily. 'Let us see who it is. Who is there?' she Called aloud. There was no reply, and she went to the door. No one was there. But the footsteps heavy, regular, and slow— approached thedoor, just as the girls, now frightened and clinging together, reached it. The lamp threw its yellow light all across the corridor and for some distance along it, and Bhowed it to be empty. But the footsteps passed the door, and tramped on heavily with slowing step to the door which the girls had found locked. They paused a moment, and then the Bound seemed to pass inside the room until it ceaBed. The two girls were terror-stricken, and Lallu was all but fainting. ' The house of death 1' Mercy heard her whisper, and then saw her sink crouching a ? d shuddering on the floor. With a loud cry ehe summoned the t«o Indian servants, and together they carried the ctrl back to her room and put her to bed. {To be continued.) It is a blessed arrangement that the woman of the sunniest temper it generally the one who has most to try her. 