The Religious OardNPlayer, \--0- A RrIVATE soldier by the name of RiOhard Lou was taken before the Magistrate at Glasgow for playing carde during divine servioe. Theaccountof it is thus given in an E oglish journal: " A sergeant commanded the soldiers at ohurch, and while there the pao'sonread the. prayers and.took the text, Those who haiQ a Bible took it out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor common prayer book, but, pulling out a pack of cards, he spedad them before him, He first looked at one card anld then at another., The seogeant of the company saw him, and said1 " Riohard put up the oards, this oe no plaeo ftq them I '" Never mind that,' said Rioha.4ý " When the services were over the oon stable took Riohard a prisoner and brought him before the' Mayor, ''W W l,' said the' 'liayor, +.' what have you "brought th,: soluier here for P' For: playing cards in ahuroh.' ''Well, soldier,' what have you to say for yourself P 1' Mlioh, air, 1 hope,' 'Yery good I if not, I will punish you seve;yoly,. "I have booan" said the soldier1 "about six weeks on the march, I have neithe.' Bible nor common prayer-book. I have nothing but a pack of cares, and hope to satisfy your worship of the purity of my. ituntions," Then epreading the cards before the Mayor, he began withthhe ace, " Vt en I soo 'the ae it remindsmeo that there is but one Gad, When 1 see the deuce it reminds me oof Father and Son. " When I see the tray it reminds tne 'of Fathur, Non, and Holy Ghost, When :I agqrptho four it remindse me of the four etaugoehetA that p'reoaohid-Mathow, Mark, Luke, and John, " When I see the glto it ramitdes me of five w;be virgins that trimmed their lamDp, There were ton, but five were wise and five were foollsh, but were shut out, !" When I see the six it rrminds 'me that in six days the 'Lord `made' hoeaten' and 'earth, 'When I see'the seven it reminds me that.on the seventh' day? God rested from the great work' whidh he made, a'nild hal lowed it !' When I seethe. eight.it remiqdrl toe of the eight righteoqus personas 'ho: Were saved when God' destroyed'tthd'iR4 l" vie,,' .Noah and his wife, hie throe sons, and their wives, . ; : "' When oeeothb ane it reminds me of the nine lepers that wore. dleathsd.:by our. .saviour, ?ero 'were tindd. 1ipots odtt of ten who pover retuitnd thanker' " When Iaee the ten i??'reminds ,t eof the ten oomrnandmonts whlohi God handed down to Mosoe on the tables of atoz1. .,Whon I' see te kihlitid rlt idd me' tof the''great King ' of heavno, whioh rs our. God. S'hot, I see the Queen it reminds me of the Queon of Sheba, who visited Bolomon, forlahp'was'?s wise a awomgnt,o s hoe''.wne'a man, '?ho brought fifty boys nnd fltty girl,. all' droseid in 'boy's appiuol, 'or '{ S ;loiionto to rl which ,W?te hqyi aid ;wh:lo wrre glilse -'Thne king esui,t;for., v'tur for, them to wash, Thb girls washed: to the Olbowe, ouM the beys tO t v t. Wrlgtlg9 djuwfi, "Well, said the ,Mayor, you .have described every card in the pack except: one." " What is that P" ".The knave," esid the Mayor. "I will give your Honor a description of that too if you will not be angry." "Iwill not," said the Mavor, " if you do not term me to be a knave." "The greatest knave that I know Is the ooustable who brought me here." "I do not know." said the Mayor, " if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest fool." " When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards I find three hundred and sixty five, as many days as there are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack I find fifty-two-the num ber of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture cards in a pack, representing the number of months in a year; and in counting from ace to king I find thirteen cards, the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see my pack of cards is Bible, Almanac and Oommon Prayer' book, 