THE GREAT EMERALD; PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT, Or, THE TENANT OF HILL HOUSE. By Edmund Downey ("F. M, Allen"), Author o£r"Behlnd the Door," "A House of Tears," "Through Green Glasses," &c.; COPYRIGHT. \ CHAP5CER .IV.rrTHE GREAT EMERALD DISAPPEARS. When Mr. and Mrs. Blair reached the hall Tr.Vm the dining-room of Hill House thut even- iirit the brougham was drawing up at the du.ir. Mllly, pale, and full of fear, was wait- I,,., IUI kilwlll. "It seems, my dear,", said Mrs. Blair to Miss W isely, as she said good-bye, "as though we . lm d . been both destined to end this evening -with anxieties.- - 1 feel horrid at leaving you while you do not know anything about your ' l.i ither, but there Is something wrong at The ' 'rik, and we must CO. I'll-eond-Harry-down trie moment I get home. He'll stay with you until Mr. Mosely returns,' and he will 'bring i (, word that all Is right with you here, my ocir, and I'll come to see you myself to-mor row." , 'I am hot alarmed for Ben's sake, my dear," raid Miss Mosely, In an unsteady voice.' "But i i eel very uncomfortable, for I know It would >,.it be for a little cause he would do what he has done, and I Have no Idea at all of what can be the matter." "Oh, It's a young comet bolted, dear. There, don't be frlghtehed." _ .. . . ' '.'Bunk's has tried (he turret— only and he' ever go there, nnd he sayB my brother iBU't' an1 it, and hasn't been there this evening. Be sides, anything of that kind would not . ex plain Ben's running away. And look, the sky Is overcast, and the moon has not come out. I do not know what to think. It seems, to me -'- as If. Ben's reason had given way." "Oh, nonsense!" said Mrs. Blair, cheerfully. "It. Is nothing of the kind. You imd I . will have a good laugh oyer. tho affair to-morrow. Ocnd' night, dear Miss Mosely, I'll take earn Hnrry is with you In half an hour;" - "Now then. Emily,"- cried the diamond mer- ',<!hunt; impatiently. "You are keeping us;" rind hurrying out of the hall she was helped by her husband into Ihe brougham beside Mllly, who was already seated. Blair having scrambled In, tliey drove off towards The NoiiK, For the first hundred yards not a word was spoken. Mrs. Blair was too much confused, agitated, .to get her thoughts Into words. She was a woman of sedate, orderly mind, and at the moment her ideas' would not come Into lino. An ordinarily emotional woman would have found relief In exclamations and ejacu lations; but Mrs." Blair was not ordinarily emotional, and seldom spoke when she had nothing to say. . Mllly was silent partly out of fear and paUly out of a disinclination to speak until, she heard what her. father and mother -thought. . , ' r.luti fumed and' - muttered and fldgettod. lie was eery angry with something or other, lie did not take the trouble' to '.decide what. A eutdstrriphe had happened,' nnd he felt sure a catastrophe could not happen through any: fault of his. For arguments sake, allowing he was concerned in this catastrophe, he must be .'concerned' .owing- to the fault of someone else. He broke silence - In a petulant voice — ' 'l ' ; - " "I wish we -hnd stopped at home." "So do T," said Mrs. Blair, iin'xious to keep matters smooth. . '-V : ''Then, why on earth did you come out?" cried he, glad o;' a chance of venting liis 111- liumour on anyone. "I came out," she said," calmed by the In justice of his words //arid , manlier, "because you wished it, John." "A man's own home Is the proper place for him -when his' business Is .over," "But I thought, you wanted to have a talk with Mr. Mosely," said she, In meek, Jevel tones, but. with the air of one who knew she ' was blameless. . Her manner' irritated the man, "Oh! ridi culous!!' lie cried -gruffly, , ."I did not know until to-day that he hnd anything 'particular to sneak about." "Nor did I know until you came home this evening." " "Well, so much the worse. Why did we agree to come when- we; were not even aware thut ' he intended to consult me/about -any- ' thing important." . '- "John, it was you yourself accepted the invitation." " ' ' ' "Yes, but Mosely, hasn't, opened his Hps about whatever it was he thought,--of discus sing with me?" said he, implying by his ac cent that Mrs. Blair had In some way kept. Mosoly's mouth closed, or that she knew he would not sneak. "He had no; opportunity. He was called away before dinner was over, "she said' sooth ingly. "He will tell you -all about, it when next you see him." "I suppose so; I suppose so," he grumbled, "But I am sorry we did not send an apology this morning. - There's that emerald, you know. I own I am unonsy about It. I never was before In all my life uneasy about that safe, but the emerald has got on my, mind," "Well, dear, your mind will soon be easy about It, for we shall be at home in a few minutes." She spoke as though she retired from the conversation for the present. She saw he was excited and angry, and felt noth ing could be done' to appease him. "I hope all this runntng-about with lights , and blazing up all the house isft't the doing' of that Harry.", , ' "Why should Harry do such a thing, fa- , ; ther?" asked Mllly. ' "Oh, I don't know, there Is no reason. It's because there could be no reason for it that he Is likely to do It." "Father," suid the girl reproachfully, "you know Harry is .the best and dearest fellow In the world. .Why do you say such an unjust thing." "Used to be all right. The boy used to be all right. But since he picked up with that Mackennn lot of scribblers und artists and riff-raff, he Is not what he waq. The boy Is changed. I met Muckenna once,.l didn't se9 any harm In him, hut these newspaper fel lows are all a queer, shady lot. They live In lodgings mostly, and are loose fish as a rule." "I think Mi-. Mneltenna a very gentlemanly and pleasant young num. And as far us It goes he Uvea with Ills sister In a house of his own," said Mrs. Blair stoutly. , "And 1 think Miss Mneltenna is the pret tiest and nicest girl In Norwood," said Mllly warmly. "IJless me, there is a nice Miss Mnekenna thenl Ah! ha! That muy account for a lot," said he, with a dry, hard Inugli, and a wrig gle on the perch of the broughnm where ho sat cramped up. "Account f c | a lot of what?" asked Mrs. Blair, drawing her wrap closer round her Hhoulders and speuklng with forced indiffer ence. "For a lot of tomfoolery, of course. Can a pretty girl account for anything but tom foolery. I wired li|m to-day that I had bought the stone, and told him to come home at once. He knew by letter that we were din ing out this evening, and he goes and flares . up the whole house like a panorama, und for all you know, there muy be a dozen penny-u- llnera .and scene-shifters now smoking In your drawing-room." . . "John!" -cried' Mrs. Blair, in n soft tone of reproach, "how can you fancy such a thing. You know oh well as I do that Harry Is per fectly Incapable of such folly." " "Then why has he flared up the whole house? Tell me why ho has Illuminated the place, drawing attention to It when all about the sale of Ihe emerald Is, I am sure, In those prying, meddlesome evening papers? Harry bus been home an hour or two. What does he mean by making u public spectacle of the bouse for Norwood and Duhvloh." He spoke with great vehemence/ and us though she hud incited her son to the deeds of which he accused him. ... "1 am sure I don't know, but I am equally sure Harry 1ms not taken advantage of our absence to ask any unworthy people Into The Nook. Of all things that Is about the last Hurry would do. You jtnow as well as I do that the boy has too much sense and, spirit for sujph a meanness." She spoke with- calm dlgnitj', and drew her cloak closer to protect herself from contact with the air In wllleh such injurious things- were uttered of ; her son. . ' ' Blair .blenched. "There now, 1 have, sug gested the only explanation that 'Is reasonable . and'such as would allow us ;to hope that no7 thing serious Is wrong at home, and you, fly' Into a ' temper 'about It. But there, there, there. Let us-drop it. No good comes of try ing to argue with women, they cannot reason; They are Incapable of reasoning." For a few. moments nothing further was said, and nothing was heard but' the smart beat of the horse's hoofs on the ground and the. dull rumble of the wheels. Again Blair broke silence": ' v-: i. "Emily, are you asleep?" "No." . "Then why don't you, talk?" Ills pertur-; batlon prevented him keeping quiet. ,. . . "Because .1 am too anxious.!' . ; . "Too anxious! -You. can't be half as anxious as I am, I feel disposed to get out and flog the horse, flog the , coachman. ' But -I Bay, Emily, what do you imagine took Mosely, away from the table in that mysterious and: abrupt way? I am not pleased ,wltli that. I am not pleased with anything to-night. What do you think Banks said to Mosely? I don't believe lie said anything about the wines. Why, he put his hand on Mosely's shoulder?" "Indeed, I cannot Imagine, unless,., as yqu- said, an important telegram arrived from abroad. I have heard you say telegramB from abroad come at all times' of the day and night." 1 . "So they do! So they do! You. are.aulte right In that. But If he did get an Important, telegram from abroad why didn't h'e say so? And the reading of a . telegram would take under one minute by the 'clock, one minute, not two or three hours. If he got an -Impor tant telegram from abroad which took him: - away why didn't he say so? Eh? Why didn't Mosely sny so?" He put these. questions so pointedly and an- grily that It would seem Mrs. Blair had ad- vanced the explanation, and that It was the most absurd explanation ever offered by mor- tal. Blair was by this time trembling with excitement, and hardly knew what'he said. - "My dear John 'these are questions which none of us can possibly answer now, and you are only exciting yourself and making- your self ill ito no end. ' Walt until you see. him to morrow." "Making myself ill! -I'm dolnginothlng of -the kind. I am ill already. I am fearfully ill, I tell you." "We are just at home, dear;", she said, as If he were a child in, pain. Blair did not heed her, but went on; "I think this is what- happened. Banks whispers to Mosely, 'There's something wrong at The. Nook," Mosely gets Up and says he'll be back in a shoi't time. ' He goes oft to The Nook and finds something wrong there — — . "What?" "Emily," you are most unreasonable. Am I a prophet that I should know?" he asked, complacently. "Go on, dear; I didn't know you didn't , know." "Well, don't you see? You needn't ask me to go bii. Anyone- can tell the rest." ''I confess I cannot." "I am surprised at that, for 'they say wo men have instinct which is more true than the reason of man.' Well, when: Mosely' gets' to The Nook-he fluids something wrong, and 'he stays to put It right, like the good -fellow he Is." "Father," broke In Mllly, VWe'are at our gate;" . , . ' "To be sure. we are, -child," he cried; stop-, ping; his. account of what had occurred tjlth.a sigh of relief, and adding, In a calmer man-, ner, in- a way more like his ordinary self, . "To be sure we are, and the ga'te Is open. A bad sign.'', No other word was: spoken- 'till ithey drew up at the door. ' v . . v - Blair scrambled out, and, without waiting, to help wife or daughter ran; and .opened the - door , with his key. JtLne, the middle-aged housemaid, had heard 'the brougham, and'w-as standing pale and aretfibllng In the hall. ' : "Where's Mr. Harry?" demanded Blair, sharply. "I don't know, sir." ' , ' : " ; . ' "What do you mean by T don't ; know?' still more sharply. ' "Mr. Harry, came In and went orit, and- came In again, and stayed awhile,', and went out again, and I don't know where he is new." / . "H'hm. Has Mr. Mosely been here?'.' "Mr. Moselvl" in astonishment. . "Yes, Mr.: Mosely. My words are plain: Has. Mr. Mosely called since I left?" ' "No, sir." V . ' In asking this question Blair had' been giv ing hope a chance. "Then if neither has been here" what is 'the meaning of lights flying about the place, and! all the rooms being lit up." "We got a start, cook and me; sir, we thought we heard noises in the house." ' "Ghosts?" asked Blair, giving hope -a- last and desperate chance. "We- didn't rightly know, sir, we were well nigh frightened out of our lives." : -i 'V (TO .nr. CONTINUED.) 