Nature In November. (BY MYRNIONG CORRESPONDENT.) "Glad is the world now, and not without reason, For nature renews all the charms of her youth; Yet brings to'her children no change in the season, Of tender forbearance and honour and truth." Perhaps at no other month of the year does nature look so "smiling and gay," as in November. The air becomes distinctly warmer and the rural quiet-' ness and beauty of the country draws the lover of nature more than ever to it, and one is tempted to repair to the open fields and drop lazily on the grass and fill his lungs with the rich clear fragrance with which the atmosphere is filled. In these sunny days, which are ever growing. longer and ' are not yet too scorching, there is a delicious gladness and freedom which cannot be obtained at any other time of the year. It is no doubt true that the first mantling blush of virgin foliage which is so conspicuous on the hawthorn and almond shoot and the dainty young suckers of the rose bush, are fast disappearing, but everywhere the dainty mignonette modestly blooms, half hidden by the shides of the tall Christmas lilies. Soft scented pinks, many hued pansies and pelargoniums are seen growing in rich profusion nettr the graceful columbine, while tSe tuning crowns of the passion flowers, whicli' climb over the lattice wall, look in through the open window. These rich blooms, together with the wealth of flowers on the rose bushes, more than compensate for any loss which the disappearance of the first blnsh of spring may have caused. Ia the floral kingdom there is nearly every shade and tint and colour, while the leaves are of almost endless variety. There is no monotony in Flowerland. Nature seems to have fairly outdone herself in this respect, for she has given to the world such a variety of form and colour, that even the most fastidious could desire nothing more. The almost limitless range of beauty and colour, form and fragrance is simply marvellons, and she has lavished her beauty upon ns with a careless yet perfect hand, that art could not possibly imitate. In the fields the grasses waltz merrily before the gentle breezes which temper the heat from the sun. The various grasses will soon be ripe, and although they are all more or less destitute of smell, owing to their being fertilised by the wind, yet nevertheless these forms are all studies in gracefulness and beauty. If you pluck a few specimens which have hitherto escaped, your notioe and examine them closely, you will find that perhaps in nature there is nothing more refinedly beautiful. Begin :with the Phalaiis minor grass which grows tall and genteel with a rasp-like stem, then take the Bromus mollis and Hanthonis setaica grasses with their oat-like sprays, and finally take the cocksfoot, spear and barley grasses, the rye grass, the canary and trembling grass, and some of the more elegant hair grasses, and as you put them together you will doubtless conclude that in these things there is an endless-variety of beauty. The wheat fields are beginning to turn yellow, the barley is filling its spikes, and the bats their panicles. The delightful fragrance of rich-mown hay, together with tBe metallic ring of the mowers which are distinctly heard, indicate that the farmer is busy with bis crop. The stubble quail utters its sharp sweet call from its biding place in the tall grass, and the skylark rises high into the air, and pipes its rich, clear, notes above the light variations- of the smaller and inferior songsters. On the barn-top the shallow is busy feeding her brood of young, while the sparrow chirps gaily along the outer margin of the wheat fields, and relieves the farmer of a fair percentage of the goldeu grain. In the damp drains which teem with substances in various stages of decomposition, the merry fungi flowith upon pieces of wood, etc., which are in an advanced state of decay. It is generally supposed that they are not parasites, iuasinuch as they have to obtain their food ready formed from living or dead sources. Each of their spores on germinating pushes forth a very fine thread like tube, which grows and spreads somewhat quickly. Some of them penetrate anything they can reach iu search of nutriment, the slightest opening being entered, and as they pass from cell .to cell the walls are pierced, and that which they require is extracted from each The life of the cell is therefore in each case absolutely destroyed, aud death spreads slowly from it Whenever they prey upon putrid matter or dead organisms, they render good and valuable service. As "Night spreads its dark limbs on The face of the dim sun." The vine moth flies from flower to flower, and regales itself upon the sweet fluid or drops of honey which is secreted iu the corolla-tube in.'which the pistil and stamens of the flower lies. The ghost-motb, with its «now white wings, is a conspicuous'object in the dark, while the hawk-moth, with its lumbering flight, is easily distinguishable as it hovers over the open nectary of the honev-suckle/ sipping the honey through its long profaiosis. Truly "the world is beautiful to those who have the eyes to discern its beauty '• 