orergowing Her. Streart HOW DE WILIAIMS' PINYK FLtA. Testimony from Vell-known and.. highly-respected colznista is always worth printing, and the words of Mr George Marner, of "Lamington," Vio toria Road, Auburn, 'Victoria I ame' of this naturei _I thoutght I would loss my daughter, Miss Alice," said Mr Marner to our reporter recently,:.' ke? was overgrowing her strength. M'di cal men could do,' nothing "for her." Here Miss Marner entered and quickly told how Dr Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and:disse` dt.' "I commenced, some swo.yeat g?, to feel very ill after returning hore from school, said she, I. did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bel, but experienced a continual la?gu:i feeling thatade',ine mogt miserable. Father took'ne to see a doctor, and be said I was oveigrowing .my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do o, there' ws no fear of my disobeying , this order and I took the "Iquoine tonai" 'givean. me, with regularity. Then I commen ced to feel acute pains in my shoulders, and back, and.at night I could scarcely. get any rest. We tried everything to induce' sleep, interposed Mr Maorer, but it had no effect then I consulteda well-known Collins Street practitioner. He samd my daughter was sufering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland. but she retar ned looking worsp. She would also retch'on ri'ine in the morning' '; ay food taken could not be kept, dgwn. She lost lesh and became a mere ghost. "This :Ime le:. year. said Miss Alice, I wvighbd 7,: 311-. i ;. 1 am 9st 71be." "A great improvetex-:t ; youi treat ment must have. ben ben,?f cil?" No ; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People do serve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, last year, father hought me a box of Dr Williams Pink Pills, at Mr Pleasance'd, Chapel ,$tti t, P'riiran, they did me. so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time mnce 1 discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as any one could wish." "And you would recommend them?" "'Yes; and that strongly too, said Mr larner, had I known of Dr -il. liams Pmk Pills two years before,. it would have saved me a hundred pounds. Parents should think over thls-good health and a hundred pounds saved. I'CI ii riii s e la` i"ffit Tf Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood and improve the brain. They are a certain cure for indigestion, pimples, skin diseases, liver and" kidney troubles, biliousness, anemria: sleepl snese, rheumatism. lumbago. lose of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregu larities, debility, sick headacke, loss of vital forces, &c.; Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr Williams Medicine Company, care Rocke, Tompsitt and Co., who will for* ward six boxes for fifteen and three pence, or one box for two and nine, post free. The Austral wheel race was attended by -oane 30,000 spectators on Saturday last, this number establishing a record. The great wheel race was won by T.B. Finnlgan an employe at the Massey Harris cycle works with 240 yards start in 4 min 30 4.5th seconds by a foot from W. Middleton, M'Gibbon being third and W. Matthews fourth. Finnigan scales 12-t 71b and rode a machine 221b in weight. Crisp, Berry, and Gordon were the placed men In the mile race ; Campbell, Basely. and Ba ler in the flying stakes, and Walne, Milner, and Forbes in the 10 mile race. It is proposed to erect a billiard room in connection with the Chelten. ham Mechanics' Only ratepayers of the Morabbia shire are r,,w a11ow',a to erect bathing boxs .in ta h : . Mentone and Mordialiuc. It was said that p ople live in thepo bcxl s ! Country Cracket week this week; ob. ject being to unearth new intercolonial player,. 