SHORT .STORIES. RORY LYNCH, (By Joseph Smith in "Harper's Weekly.") I; . Rory Lynch was born in the little flninlg vladge c. v .canlltl, , i -la'.s gles alcong i?n cage 'r ;yew a..ay, ~u ,ai 001,nty Cif 'lUiyv, in Inlcda?Lt. ane r11.5:1 peasaiatry ail,. lam LOn? oi c ,Iul?Knius as the La'muls, and Rory wus bett.e'r l{.knowu as ia'ory : i-teiiVt', rtIC'a ItO''y, ILu'ry u"e I Fox, man lie was by ,1. .t-, lld _.j herrted troam hi's tachde ann i,;cuivt'u at thie lU'yitiuinasn l L o'.-, '.uIe Vai''..ria being tribu'tas to) his vagrant, seasurnag life, and the brillti:u.t hue of his hair. besides his nmaue, story i eceaved, ramom his father a, heritage of hate-as fierce feud with ,the rich Ha'milton's wnhos. lands toucheid tine sLarveling farm of the Lynchs. The original Hamlilton and founder of 'the family was an ex drummer of a Scotch marching regi mnent, who lirs?t appeared in. ]Duncleary a few years b'eforo the '98. This Hanill ton-he was called Alpin--acquired a competence by thrift and other less admirable means; and during the re hellion, while he was Lord Duncleary's land agent and a captain, of yeomanry, lhe sent many a man to the gallows att Castlebar, and, among the re;t, Condon Lynch, Rory's great- grandfather. In the ge?nanations that succeeded, ,the Hamiltons m~anaged to. send many a Lynch cvear the sea. And while the fires' of h'titred burned briskly as tne years went on, the Ha:miltons went on thriving, anid the Lynchs grew poorer and more deeparate. The long record of wrongs? done to his kin was. dinned into Rory's ears, and he drank in hatred for the Hamiltons with his mother's milk. He halted them cor dially, and as a. ad he hald vigorously thrashed Alpin and Walter, the two sons of old "Black" John Hamnillton. Anxious 'to be rid of such pestilent and uncomfo4rtable neighbours, the Hamil tons offered to buy the Lynch farm for a good price, but Rory reje'cted their offer with scorn r'r. insult. But rid of the Lynchs, by f/ r means or foul, the Iann'iltons swore to be; and as they were rich and polditically influential, the outcome of the struggle was not doubtful. Roary Lyncilh, with 'true Irish conser "vaitism, followed the ways of his father; but, being 'shrewder and more indus ,trious, hia acquired in '\ime a half ownershhip in 'the fishing smack Black bird, which had the reputation of being the smartest craft of her Idind from the Bloody Foreland to Dingle. Gossip had it thaslt the Blackbird went 'to' the Frencih coast oftener than she did to the mackerel grounds, and the excise men were very anxious to; overhaul her 'cargoes; but as the sma'ck came and went at unseasonable hours the Custom lHorse men were never able to fix a charge of smuggling against the boast. Time and agalin, under 'the urgings of Squire Hiamilton, the "gaugers" spread a net for the feet of the smuggler; but the Red Fo.x was awake, and not to be 'caught. But thkbugh baulked, the snarers were not beaten, :and Laity Lan~igan, 'Hamilton's water bailiff, spent many an hour racking his sly 'brain to arrange baits to, trap Rory. At last Lan?igatn found a man in Castlebar who was willing to help the Hamiltons to l'and Rory in the clutches .of the lawI; 'and ,this rogue struck a bar gain with the owners, of the Blackbird for the delivery of a. few kegs of French brandy in a cove a few miles beloew Duncleary. When 'the appi'n!ted .right came, Wal 'ter Hanmil'to, 'a squad: of police, a couple of .excisemen., Lanty Lannigan, and the man frcan Oast.lNeba were in waiting near the cove, like spiders for their flies. But\ in some way the thing leaked ,out, 'ad h.ile Rory's friends could not reach 'him. 'to warn him of the trap, they went down to thei land ing, unknown to the officers, 'to take a hand in the fight'that was inevitable. Neair midnight ,the Blackl 'bird came gliding up the haly like a. ghost, and slipped. into the cove to, the landing place; but 'her anchor "was hardly: in the weed's when there was a rush by the officers 'to get aboard, led by Walter Hamilton. Rory',s friends ttco wr-? frr the Blackbird with a. roar, and a. very pretty fight wais 'the result, heads being cracked with zeal and the .i!. nre being broken by oatihs and pistol shots. Wh:en the figt was over and an inven tory of dm'an'gos nwa- taken, it vas found tlrat Hamil,ton's face was smashed to a jelly, Lynch hard escaped to the hills, and Sergenat Cla.ncy, of Ithe constaibulary, wans lying dead on the lan;ding. Wi'th :a?tonishing assur ance Lannian volun teered the infor maeition th!at I-ynoh head shot Clancy, though everybl.ody krew Rory asever car'ried a. TPore deasdly weappcn than 01 salmon, s.tirck. The idead han wRzs carried to Dun?ceary, .and there wan a hue-and-cry fro" Rory Lyn'h. but that m'an took to 'lhe hbog al the heather, and w:as "on his kieetin'." The Rl?cbi'd w?m:? ith ha? b.la 0of the authorities, and one of her crew, ' poor ! -,.irrr,?l? l .z1,' ,n mi -- ii----- n '-' devil ailled Cregan, was locked up in the. police barracks. C:regan, under the judicious neunslas of Mr. Lau.niga.n, was cantly to swear Clancy's murder on licry Lynch, provided he could save his neck and li'bcr ty. As he, was guaran teed both, and money enough to carry him to Amnerica, a; was"rranz for murder was issued, after the coroiner's inquest had duly fixed the, crime on Rory. Wihen this news reached him in his hiding-plaice, and he learned that a i:rice cf a .hundred pouands was on his head, Roiy realised that the sooner he "''as out: of Ireland the batter; for, as hae put it himself, "Wance in, the c c:lches of the lucy in C;onnemara, I'd .s soon tih:rust; me scawl to the keapin' av the divil as me neck to Counsalior Coffey ui"' a CIastlebar jury." So he sli!ppejd acmeios the. 'country, one .ar'k nighrt and went aboard a boat bound fo"r Bris.tol; and. the day he landed there he had the Queen's shil ling in his fist, the recruting sergeant sn.alp.ing him, up us a. pike does a worm. When hi:.; beard was shaved, and .his hair cut, 'and he had donned a red coat, there was hardly a man in DIuncleary would hanve recognised the fisherma.n, in Privato Cronin of the 45th foot. ' Inside of a month his regiment sailed from Portsmouth on. the: Orocodile, bound, for India.; aned when the oceans rolled between hian and the land 'of his birth. Rory began to b'reatbhe freely. The loss of his prey deeply chagrined John Haimilton, who .eased his feelings by sending a full account of the affair to his son, the gallant Major Alpin Hamilton, then sweltering in the North West Provinces. Lamnity Lannigan be molaned his ill luck and wondered what hole the Red Fox had cravwled into; while Walter Hamilton, kept the house for a month, when he came out with his face permmne?rtly disfigured and hls heart full of wrath and hate. Meanwhile the -drill sergeant had licked the -tall fisherman .into a straight fine- looking soldier, and one that Cap tain Markham looked on with special favour. Then the 45th vans pushed up north and west, and sent to broil and stew in the cantonments of Peshawur, where Rory grew homesick and longed for the green hills of Duncleary. But longing did little good, for ho', ,swel tering Peshawur was always before his door, and in his mind's eye were Wal ter Hamilton, the Queen's counsellor, the bewigged judge an4l-the packed jury; so he 'put away all thoughts of home said cursed behind his teeth. The days grew into weeks and monihls, and 'then came the second stage in Rory's wanderings, and 'that is best told in his own way. "The hate :an' the dies wor dhrivin' us to disth:raction an' murdher in that divil's hole av a oa?toonment, whin along Item a, dhrove av commissioners alan' naygurs an' elephan's, an' camels an' 'the divil's own rooslt .of craychures; an' out we marched bag an' baggage into the hills, where it was cool, tlhankin' the divil at his mercy. Three hundred av the 45th war sint as a guraid, myself a;monog the rest, to guard the comnmissioners, an' w'e wor boun' for Can'dahat or some other such place, to have a colluguin' match with a king or a rajah, an' to la'e him know that :av he didn't slhtop fightin' 'for .the Roo shuns we'd bhe' afther cuttin' his black throat. S'orra much cared I :for .the Roloshuns or ,the rajah, for 'glad I was to get out av the hot hole an' into, the moun tains, where I could breathe God's air lan.' live. "Well, four days out we woar rein foirced by 'two squadrshons of naygur lancers undher command av Major Albpin. 'Hamilton, the brother of Wal ther, an' the son of ould black John. Me heaat w3as in me mouth; but thin I thought 'that changed as I was an' the long years since he seen me, shure he'd never know me'. He rode along our line, cockin.' his eye at us; but I didn't thrust him, an' I shlipped in amonug the camels out av his. way. Well, for days I 'dodged him, playin' hide an' seek, but art last he foun' me. "We woar camped by the side av a brc'k wan day, an' I had gone, out un"'dhCr a big 'three back av the camels to' be be 'meself ant smoke, an' as: I was lukkin' 'out at :the blue mountains an' 'dhramin' av me poor ould father a.' 'mother back in Mayo, a ham' was laid on me .showldher, an' him. that own- ed the han' said, 'S:o I've foun.' ye at last, have I Rory Lynch?' An' he laffead as cowld an,' cruel as the bastes in 'the hills. I knew it was Alpin Ha.milton, an' though :n3 face paled an' me heart 'stud still, I'd have died there in me thracks rather than let wan av his black breed see the sign of the craven in me, or have it to say thd?a a Lynch flinched him. I .faced right about like !a slojer, salu;ted him stiff on' proud, an' lukkin' him in the eye, sez I to' him, 'Av it's lukkin' for me ye wa:, sor, I'ma on foud;for here I 'am, worse luck! when I wish I was back in Duncleary. " 'Thke it aisy, Lynch,' sea he. 'Take it ",!sy. I'l1 engagle ye'll go back to Dunclea'y soon .enough, 'an' I'll war r:ant ye a warm welcome from the hangrniam:' "T ke-p' me tim.per, for he was a Major, an' RTory Lynch a private sojer; but I know I'd be nsndher his black hide before we wor done colloguit'. "'Well, sor,' sez I, talkin' slow and ajsy, 'there's been hangmen and Hamil tons in 'Mayo this many a day, and Lynches have swung on the gallows three, but there's nather hemp. nor hangman in Clastlebar for me. I know there's wan law for the Lynches an' another for 'the .drummer's get; but mark me, Major Hamilton, av I die be the perjury av a Hamilton. or wan of their d?irty followin', me debt will be paid in full ,av there's powidher an' ball in Ireland. But I think, sor, I'll die a nachoral doa:tlh, like any sojer, ayther in bed or battle.' " 'Yer a loose-tongued blaggard, Lynch,' sez the major, his face white with passion. 'But kape yer Irish tongue back ,av yer ,teeth here. Ye'll need all yer breath when Jack Ketch puts the rope eon ye in Castlebar.' " 'Time enough to bid the divil good morrow when ye meet him, sor,' sez I, me fingens .itchin' to squeeze his throat. 'Rut whethler it's here or beycant the say, be sure I'll die as we always died, a. man, as becomes the son av an honest woman.' "Then his eyes blazed, for he knew I was talkin' baok to Duncleary's lavins .that miarried the first Hamilton; an' dhnawdn' back, he struck me in the mouth with his .ridin' whip, sayin' as he did, 'Take that, ye scoundhrel, an' mark my words, back ye'll ,go. to Ire ltnd to hang for the murder oL Clancy.' "God aonly knows how I kep' me han's off him; but I wiped me mouth with me han' slow 'am' quiet, an' thin I said, 'A sojer may not strike back at his shuperior officer, even whin he's a cowardly dog; but plaze God the day is comin' whin I'll wear another coat, an' 'thin ye'll answer to me for that. blow.' "His face got white, an' he turned an' left 'me. I lane against the three, fit to cry; I was that awake, an' only kem to meself when I h"ard Captain M]arkham sayin', 'So yer name is Lynmch, is it, an' not Oronin?' "'That's me name, *sor,' sez I. 'It wasn't convaryen't to have me own. on the rigimintal rosther.' "Quite so,' sez he, smilin'. 'I didn't intind to listen to yer 'talk with Major Hamilton; but the fact is I was asleep .there undh:er the bushes whin. yez woke me up with yer Connemara riminis cences. Yer a tenant av his I take it?' "'No! Glory to, be to, God, I'm not!' sez I. 'We don't own much, hut we'd own more 'av no "thievin' Hamiltons had ever set fut in, Duncleary.' "'Ye have had. some throuble at thoume?' he. went on. " 'Throuble enough, sor,' sez I. 'I broke his brother's head in a scrim ,mage with the gongers:, an' somebody shot a peeler; an.' now the Hamiltons are swearin' the mnrdher on to me, though. the Lord knows a blackthorn was the only weapon I ever carried until I put on a .red coat. It's an ould score they'.re thryin' to pay in their own dirty way. It's what ye might ex pect from a man that wears a sojer's coat and strikes a Pandy's blow.' "The captain looked me over fromn head to fut, an' sale he, 'Are ye any sort av a walker, Lynch?' "'Well, yer honour,' sez I, 'I can walk the legs off any man, camel on divil in 'this expedition on: hill or dale, or in desert or bog. The Lord .gev me a purty glood pair av legs.' "Thin Captain Markham looked out arv the sides av his eyes, an', speakin' kind ;of slow, sez he: 'Lynch, it's about fifty days' good walkin' from, here to the 'say, over -the' mountains, marchia' due south into the sun. It's a hard road, an' a bad' counthry; it's full of wild bastes an' wildher min, am' maybe, ye'll never git tin miles from, here. But I'm thinkin' ye'd betther thrust yerself to the naygurs an' the jackals than wait on the mercy av Major Hamilton.' "'I'm thinkin' that same meself, yer honour,' sez I, 'for wolves: an' Pan:dies have as much tinderness as an Irish judge an' jury with Hamilton an' Lanty Lainn:igan would find it out Ihil(a: uu Lannigian in the witness box.' "Well, me man.,' sez the captain, kind .of brisk, 'if ye wor to take yer rifle an' ammunition an' something to !ate, an' walk away this very night, I don't think that ayther meself or Major Hamilton would find it onut for a week.' And away he wint, as aisy an' uncon s'arned as ye plaze. "Faith, I wasn't long in making up me mind. An' to make a long story short, I gev the sojers the slip that night an began, ?~e th:ramp over the mountains into the face of the sun." (To. be Continued.) "It's a cauld mornin' this," said a beadle to his minister, as the latter made his appearance in the vestry one winter day. "Ay, James," pawkily replied the minister, with a play upon the word "cauld," for he was a bit of a wag, and dearly loved a joke. "Do you know that those who are not 'called' cannot be 'chosen'?" "Oh, ay, sir," replied the beadle, waggishly, "but ye ken that they that are not 'chosen' winna be 'cauld' either." A Dubious Compliment.-Dauber-"Now this is the picture I want you to see. It is considered. my greatest production; And, mind you, I could only get about a month for it before sending-in day." Fair Amnri can-"Really,- now? Well, I guess you ought to have got six months at least for a picture likel that."--"Punch." "How do I know that you really love me?" she asked. "What assurance have I that you would be willing to make sacri fices and endure hardships for my sake?" He looked at her in reproachful astonish ment, and ,exclaimed, "What more can you ask? Haven't I for six months re frained from laying violent hands on your little brother?" The groundless rumour covers ground rapidly. 