(continued.) The morning of the day before Christ mas dawned bright and clear, the air had > the -peculiar sharpness which invites exer- r cise abroad, the white mantle of snow- still \- -lay jail around, everything was peaceful and soothing to the spirit, except in the hall; where all' was bustle and preparation for the coming festival. Sir Francis Heatherdale was having, according to his -.'favorite expression, a "glorious" time with his guests, and his never- failing ac tivity and good humor seemed to heighten the /conviviality, of his guests. Every room resounded with the hum of conver sation, mingled with laughter, and wher ever I went l found-merry groups who in sisted upon me joining theni and giving them'" just one .-.more" of my wonderful bush yarns.. I confess I began to feel rather ashamed of my inventive powers, conducive as they might, be to the enter tainment of .the company, and was often glad to escape to my favorite refuge in the muniment, room or the mazes of the 'neighboring wood. In these' excursions I kept both ears and eyes open for fur ther developments, hub nothing suspicious happened, unless it were that in saunter ing around thefrear of"' the hall,- 1 noticed my poacher acquaintance hanging about , in rthe; vicinity /of. the 'servants' quarters, hut as all the village seemed to have free , access at this .particular irne, I could find no particular" reason' to object to his presence.- Yet/there was something fur tive, in the -way. he i glanced at me out of the corner of his eye, and the manner in which he lounged away around the corner of the building,- but I felt I had no right to question his movements, and so strolled on without remark. tit was in the afternoon, when we were most of us -'assembled in the' principal -. -.room of the Hall, each passing the time as seemed - best to them, that someone, I forget how, started the subject of the ancestral ghost./. ' With my. usual reserve I had- retired ; fo the' depths of a com fortable arm-chair in a cosy nook near the chimney,' and was- idly turning- over the leaves of the'lacest illustrated journal; .when my attention was attracted to the conversation .by the enquiry by one of the lady. .guests/ . ; " And do you really believe, Sir Francis,-"- said- she,- " that this ; ancestor of your's walks abroad on Christmas Eve?" "My dear madam," replied 'Frank gravely, "so it has been circumstantially reported for. many-years past, and 1 would __ not like to deny it on my o wn authority. " " '' Pqoli ! nonsense (" ejaculated one of the- inale- guests, -a young fellow full of fun- and; spirit. "Why shouldn't.Sir Guy take "a constitutional once a year ? I'm ,.-;;sure he must. get awfully tired: of standing there keeping guard all the year round. I only liope he may favor us with his company this evening, we'd show him how to keep up Christmas' Eve." " Oh,-, don't be horrid, ">expostulated a charming young lady with a pout. " Just imagine, him coming trauip, tramp; down that staircase like the Commandant's stone statue in the opera of Don Juan.. Tin sure 1 should expire with fright." : "There isno need for alarm, Lady Alice," broke in a gentleman with a heavy, mous tache,. who, I was told, was something in the army, "there are enough, gallant spirits here to protect the ladies and send Sir Guy back to his perch if : lie ' proved troublesome." ... . - . ' Perhaps so !" laughed auother ;" hut when.it came to the test you might feel like Richard the Third under similar circum stances." And here he struck an attitude and declaimed — " Shadows to-night Have struck more terror to the soul of Richard Thau fifty hosts, armed and caparisoned in steel. ; , " Really, ladies and gentlemen," struck in another, a middle-aged gentleman with a scholarly look about; him, " this is a per fectly useless discussion. It has been demonstrated to the entire satisfaction of all intelligent persons," and here he drew himself up stiffly, " that apparations are simply evolved from an xcited or dis eased imagination; \Ve surely are not ex pected to place-credence in this enlightened , : nineteenth -century in' such ah. absurdity, as a disembodied, spirit putting on a suit of armour and stalking about for the mere childish -gratificatiqnxof - causing "alarm to weak'-mindfed-nien 'and'-women ? Such an , assumption .is. unphilosophical -aud con sequently ridiculous." . ,v " You may- be right according to your ideas," exclaimedj Frank,' rather ;,nettled as I thought, " but I am inclined to fancy .my; forefathers .alid others-' who .asserted this i ghostly visitation to be .T fact were — ' riO't'uttefly-idiotic, :is you appear to con clude.' Kut here is my friend, ""Mr. Nutts, who was. always rather fond df-: anything ghostly or mysterious. Let us hear his " opinion.".- o-.;: . a . uu : ; : \- i " There was a chorus of assent' to tins,' 'so I very reluctantly put down, my paper, and, / assuming . my - .most -profoundly sagacious look, proceeded: to defend the reality of my- old -mate's spectral an cestor. . ;r 1 : ; . . "Ladies and gentlemen," said I, "I have' no desire to- upset -anyone's pre conceived ideas on this much debated -subject, but I would heg to remind" you that people in all ages have believed in ghosts, -and - there have been -so -many verified narratives of such "appearances even in modern times that it would hardly ; be "fair to assume that those who have . related them were either deliberate liars or" congenial idiots.' I confess I cannot \- understand what rational object a ghost can have in annoying the living, unless to . - redress some wrong or to avenge a crime, \- hub we cannot account for everything in "this' world. You may remember that Shakespeare very truly observed, ' There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy,' and it would be the height of presumption tp '. deny the possibility of these appearances merely because we caunot understand their motives. - As to the improbability of a disembodied spirit, walking about in a material suit of armour, I see nothing extraordinary about it. If, as spiritual ists have shown,., spirits ate able to move heavy articles of furniture ' from one place to mother, there cannot he much difficulty in a' spirit re- turning and wearing the comparatively ljght steel armour it .carried about in its "'earthly career. Without wishing to appear too credulous, and exposing my- ' self to the contempt of those more . intellectually gifted" — here I bowed to . the scholarly gentleman, who seemed doubtful as to whether I meant it as a . compliment, or was merely chaffing liiin \- — "I must say I fully believe in the authenticity of my friend Sir Francis's ' ghostly ancestor, and after the many \- evidences I have discovered among the family archives of Sir Guy's former nocturnal perambulations, I feel confident . that he will make his usual rounds to- night, when my gallant friend"— here I bowed 'to the military swell — "may have an . opportunity of showing his undaunted spirit in defence of the ladies." : During this harangue Frank had been looking at me with mingled astonishment . and amusement until I finished, when taking my arm and drawing me aside, he . exclaimed, " My word, old man, you . haven't lost the gift of the gab, as we'u3ed to say; I believe you've h'alf cofcVipped :sonie of' tKemvthatiSif -Guy wiH-dr.op ia, in a friendly way, this evening. I almost Isvish He tould,. jusfc tb'e&i; fiw'tayiuesti tfdtjld revive hjjB." . Well, who knows hut you may have your wish, said I, without a smile ; 4 stranger things have happened." ' /' Why, you surely dont 'mean" cried Frank. " Never mind what I mean," I in terrupted, " bat if Sir Guy don't walk to- night, if only to convince those who have made so free with his name, why I'm very much mistaken, .that's all. So long for the present.'' ' ' >' .. "Well, you are a queer card, as you always was," remarked Frank rather impatiently, "and for the life of me I cannot make out what yru're driving at ; but have it your own \hy. We'll see how things go to-night." \ ' " Yes, sir," said I mysterpusly, " you shall see what you shall see. Farewell, remember me." " all right," said Frank wii a laugh, "give my respects to Sir- GuyVnd tell him not to disappoint me and myguests to-night." And with that I went eff and left, him to entertain his noble company. The secret of what Frank, very naturally, looked upon as my mysterious behavior was simply this. Listening to the incredulous . remarks in' the recent conversation the idea somehow came into my head to confound these infidels and confirm the legendary fame of Sir Guy's ghostly appearances; by investing myself in the ancient suit of mail and taking a walk round- that evening.1 "I would then have a capital opportunity of observing what effect a medneval ghost would have upon modern society, how such an appari tion might bring out the courage or cowardice of the male guests, while at the same time d would' be adding one more proof - to the previous records1 of Sir Guy's visits to this mundane sphere". I had little fear but that if I came across auy of the domestics in the corridors they would quickly clear out of my way, and I reckoned that when once I had" shown my self, at the entrance of the large apartment where the guests. would be assembled, it would be quite easy for' me to slip away in the confusion which would ensue and re turn to the old tower and restore the armour to its former position without dis covery. It was a 'wild 'idea, for which I cannot yet account; and as I have since considered rather foolish, not knowing what might he the result of a sudden fright to some temperaments, but the thought grew and- developed until, right or wrong, I had made up my mind to perr sonate the ancient free-hooter and, having thus determined, 1 impatiently awaited the proper time to make my first appear ance as a medneval 'ghost. It was nearly eleven o'clock that same Christmas Eye, and the large assembly room was alive with revelry, music and dancing, as !' quietly slipped out and made for the castle tower. I carried no light lest I might attract attention, but the way had become so familiar that I found no difficulty in arriving in the deserted cor ridor of the old castle. Here my progress was much easier,' as- the dim moonlight threw faint gleams across the floor from the ruined casements, and I quickly en tered the muniment room and ascended to thechamber where theold suitof armour stood above the treasure chest. Here I struck a match and lighted a small lantern, carefully- turning the light from the arrow slit in tile front wall, though hadany light beeiiobserved by persons outside reckoned that the popular belief in the ghostly legend would iiiake-them keep a respectful distance. Then, taking off my shoes that my movements might be as quiet as pos sible, I approached" the famous suit of armour, not without some little trepida tion, 1 must admit, but this soon wore off" as I became engaged in separating its various parts and fitting them/on. As I had before judged it was not a bad fit for ine,. and with a little loosening here and tightening there of the straps which held the pieces together I managed to present a very respectable simililude of the defunct Sir Guy as he appeared when ready for business. On-handling the mace l.found it was not of iron as I had supposed, but was made of some hard tough wood, painted black to represent iron, as' was the large egg-shaped knob at one' end. Probably . the' original weapon had been- lost and this -substituted, but ;dthough not so formidable it was an instrument which with a well-directed, blow was quite cap able of putting a; speedy end to a dispute. Ilaid it aside and was sitting on the chest, fitting on the-steel shoes, which certainly were not adapted for a rapid retreat, though as I presume Sir Guy, like most of his knightly compeers, took carc always to fight on horseback, this did not so much matter, wheu: I thought I heard the souivl of wheels in a rustic lane which ran along one side of the grounds. I listened at tentively until the sound ceased, as if the vehicle had been stopped at a point not far from- the castle, -;and the next moment I heard the lugubrious hoot of an owl re peated thrice/ My thoughts at. once flashed hack to the conversation I hud heard in the wood; and L said to my self, " By the hokey ! that must- be the cart they were talking of. If this is the. opening of the ball I shall hear some music presently. Whatever it is I'll see it out.iiow." It was evident that ! might be unpleasantly interrupted, so to be pre pared I hastily took down the iron stand upon viiich the armour 'had been sus pended and . stowed it away - under a heap of tlie nld' arras. As I did so l heard the sound of/footsteps in the room below ; so extinguishing my lantern I pushed it be hind the pedjsstal, hastily thrust my head into the helniet, seized the mace in my right, hand jusLas'the intruder began the ascent of the stairs, and having clambered with some difficulty on to the pedestal, as sumed the correct,- attitude with my left haiid. upon my hip," and- my right hanging by my side, firmly gripping the mace. As I stood " there, scarcely daring to breathe, and with all my senses on the alert,- heard a match struck in the room below, and the -light as of a candle shone through the'square opening in the floor at. the head of, the./stairs. Then I heard footsteps', slo'iyly ascendiug, and to auy surprise a rubicand visage rose above the flooring, followed by the portly form of that.liighly respectable domestic, VI r. Tack- sou.' 'I was puzzled to accouut for his pre sence'the- c at so untimely an hour, until it struck ' me .that in his anxiety for the family plate, .which, was to grace the din ner table on Ohristinas' Day, he had c :me to assure himself of its- safety, but T was sooii to learn his real motive. ' - . Holding the candle aloft lie cast a keen glance around, and as he did so, re marked, " ....... ' ' I thought I liea-d something moving in this precious old cockloft, hut there's nothing alive here but the rats, unless that jolly old Guy up there is coming to life again. Don't disturb yourself; my lord, 'by any means," he added, making a low bow in my direction; "in about half an hour or less you won't have much to trouble yourself with. But I mnsn't keep my pal waiting.. . So saying he moved towards the arrow slit and pissed the light to'and fro three times, and" immediately the signal was answered by a low 'whistle. " That's all correct," said Mr. Jackson ; "I've left the rope hanging out of the window in the shadow of the tower, and SlimMim's as active as a cat, so he'll have no" trouble to get in. Ah ! there he is ; there's nothing like punctuality in busi- ness."- With that he advanced to the head of the stair and held the light while another character appeared upon the scene. This was a very tall, very thin man, whom I at once decided was the Slim Jim alluded to, and well he merited his sobri quet, and as lie crossed the floor in a crouching attitude and with noiseless tread, he reminded me of the " harmless, necessary cat," as Shakspeare says, intent on a midnight prowl. In one hand he carried one of those instruments jocularly known as a life-preserver, and in the other a black leather hag which he placed carefully on the floor, and then straighten ing himself to liis full height took a rapid survey iof.the chamber. It was now ppetty clear to me that this precious pair were f>Jd acquaintances, and that their object was nothing less than to alastract the vajuable content® of the chest at my feet, this w&c;&rtMyafierfous; state of affaire i and "I felt in a" terrible dilemma. If I were to attempt to raise ah alarm my voice" would not be heard at such a dis tance, especially vrith the noisy festivity going on, and burdened as I was with this cumbersome suit of metal I would be no .match for these two scoundrels, who could easily overpower me. I was in an awful perplexity as to what to do, so wisely concluded "t& do nothing and watch the course of events. ""-Sure it's all right, mate?" inquired >lim Jim, in "a" thin, hollow whisper ; "rather risky flashing that glim, wasn't it now ?- 1 could have brought my 4 darkey' all right, and never showed a speck of light." _ . ' ' "You neednt be afraid, replied Mr. Jackson, rather curtly. 14 Of course, if anybody sees a light here they'll think it's the ghost as usual and keep far enough away. Is Tom ready, with the cart in the lane ?" 44 In course he is," piped the other, 44 didn't he give me a . lift from the .village. But don't let's lose time talking; stow your patter and let's nab the swag. H ere's the persuaders," and lie touched the hag with his foot, 44 though what's the-use of 'em when you've got a key beats me. All you've got to do is to open that rusty old box. and help me stow the swag in tliis sack, then we'll lower it from the window and I and Tom will soon have it in \ the cart", and then"4 nammues' is the word as fast as v/e can." 4 i . ; 44 Oh, 1 dare say," exclaimed Mr. Jack son scornfully, " you'd like to do the job easy and let- me lose a good situation aiid af'first class character. Not if I- kiiow it, Jim. .. I've got. to find out the robbery in the morning, give all the information Icjin to the police, and1 show how anxious I am to recover my.noble master's property. Must keep my character you know, Jini." " Character be hlowed," said Slim Jim with a sneer ;; 44 you're a nice sort to blow about character, ain't yer ?" i 44 I'd like to know how you'd get on1 if I hadn't one," replied Mr. Jackson father hotly. '/Didn't I get this place aiidqiut you on the lay, all through my character ? And what's more, I'm not going to lose' it if I can help it. It. might come in useful again yet.", \ ' "Oh! no offence, mate," protested Slim Jim.. 44 1 allows as yer character has been werry useful, but- business; is business ; stow your patter and show the glun while L cracK cuis uiooming. cuo With that he opened the bag, and taking out a short steel bar -with a -chisel'cnd, technically known as' a 44 jemmy," he knelt down before the chest and began to force it under the lid, while Mr. Jackson stood near by holding the light' so as to assist the operation. : As may be supposed, I was getting awfully tired of acting the part of a living statue. My limbs were becoming cramped with my enforced immobility, and my mind was in a turmoil as to how to pre vent the robbery which was going on literally 44 right under my nose." If I could manage to preserve my statuesque position I might escape "notice while this precious pair of scamps .carried off the plunder,, but in that case when I could safely give the alarm.it. 'might be gone beyond hope of. recovery.' It was evident some decisive and immediate action was necessary, and I quickly determined to take the risk; In the brief interval of these cogitations, Slim Jim witli professional dexterity had inserted his jemmy, and with one sharp crack the lid burst from its fastenings. The burglar threw back the lid and bent over to examine the c intents of the chest, while his. companion also drew closer. They remained motionless while gloating, over the booty which seemed within their grasp, when I heaved up the mace and brought it down with all my power upon the head of Slim Jitn, who' fell back with out a word and lay on his back with his legs and arms extended, looking like a gigantic spider. . I thouglitrat the instant that 1 had killed him, but I had no time for regret, if I felt any, for as Slim Jim dropped under1 my' blow, : Mr.- Jackson gave one startled glance as I raised the mace . for a second: blow, aiid . with a terrific yell, dropped the light and made a rush for the stairs, down which 1 heard him scrambling with an agility for which I had not given him credit. As fast as my stiffened limbs would allow I stepped down from the, pedestal and hurried after him. The candle ivas extinguished but the dim moonlight' w:is sufficient to light my wiiy. I descended tho stairs as quiekly as possible and entering the corridor saw the terrified -butler speeding for tho stair case. I rushed after him, the ill- fitting suit of armour making an awful clatter like so much loose ironmongery, and the sound seemed to spur the fugitive in his flight. Iliad traversed half the corridor and he had gained the head of the stair case, when he turned and gave one liasty glance behind him. I let out an-unearthly roar and flourished my mace as I adianced, and the butler giving one more awful scream of affright, turned to continue his flight, when -his foot slipped and lie went rolling down, bumpiiig from one broad stair to another, until he lay in a heap, bruised and senseless at the bottom, just as 1 arrived at the top and stood there to take breath before descending. -eanwhile the alarm had been given. The terrified cries of Mr. Jackson, in distinctly heard at first, had attracted at tention, and a number' of the male and female servants had hurried into the passage-just in time to see that respectable domestic make his undignified descent from above'. They had 'not much time to speculate on this strange spectacle when I. made my appearance in the full light of the candelabra which illumined the sccrie. The effect 1 was immediate; and to - me amusing. I saw a crowd of' white' faces lifted towards me, then there was a chorus of screams and .yells, and with one general shout of 41 The ghost,' the ghost'!"1 they all rau for, their lives.- S >me made off to the further part of the mansion, while others rushed into the dance room, '.anil repeated the awful cry. At once the music stopped short, and while some of the ladies screamed and fainted, others of sterner stuff rushed out into the passage in company with their partners, headed by their host. - There wjis a dead stop, howover, when they beheld me standing, stern and still, at the head of the, stairs, and the tumult waxed louder, t could not but laugh as 1 noticed the scholar who ridiculed the supernatural collapse in a heap, and the valorous military gentleman beat a hurried retreat into the hall room. v It was rather flattering to my vanity, perhaps, to see the sensation I had pro duced, but I was fearful of the rogue I hid/left behind recovering and making his escape, so hastened to put an end to the dramatic situation. : ' ' ' 44 lulloy Frank," I shouted ; 44 make sure of thaj?-.fat rascal down there, and then look alive and come and help me nab the other." 44 By Jove ! " exclaimed Frank ; 44 if that isn't Billy Nutts' -it's the devil him self. Secure this man hill we see what's up. Here's with you, m ite, stay behind who likes." . ' With that he ran forward and hurried up the staircase, and while some of the men dragged vlr. Jackson into the. ball room, half a dozen or more reassured by Frank's words quickly followed him. " Don't ask questions," I exclaimed, as they began to question me ; 44 come on as quick as you like, and you'll soon understand the little game I've broken up." By this time several lights had been procured, and following my lead all en tered the tower and ascended after me. is I gained the upper story 1 held my mace ready in case Slim Jim had re covered sufficient to show fight, but my blow had knocked the senses out of him pretty completely, and he was makiug convulsive movements with his arms and legs when he was "pouueed upon and secured. The" open chest with its broken lid gave everyone a good idea of what had been attempted, and when Frank had called up three or four of. his most trusted domestics to remove the valuables to a less exposed apartment. Slim Jim was dragged down the stairs and was soon, along with his friend Air. Jack son, consigned fo a strong room until the police should come to remove thenl next morning. ; As to myself, Frank was so delighted with my performance that he insisted on my joining the company, accoutred as I was, and as his friends hailed the .idea with wild delight, I was .forced to comply, merely stipulating that I should remove the helmet, in which after my late exer tions I began to find breathing rather uncomfortable. So surrounded with a laughing and applauding throng I was escorted into the ball-room, and there, the dance having been, broken up for that nignt I was given the place of honor and compelled to give a full, true, and circum- stantial account o£ my adventure, m my character of Sir Guy my health was toasted with vociferous cheers over and over again, until I begged to bo allowed to shed my metallic shell and retire to rest, and at length the delighted com pany unwillingly dispersed for the night. There is no need to prolong my already prolix narrative. Suffice it to say that the two chief criminals were in due course tried and sentenced to a long term of imprisonment, but their accomplice, the poacher, who had doubtless taken the alarm when the disturbance arose and driven off in a hurry, was never seen in that part of the country again. We found after some enquiry that Mr. Jack son had obtained several similar situations previously by means of. forged testimoni als . and thus' assisted in the success of many a' burglary which -had baffled the police, and they were glad enough to have secured such a dangerous criminal. As for myself I was exalted into a perfect hero; I received' I don't know how many invitations to the mansions of the neigh boring gentry, and Frank was almost, of fended' when I declined his offer take up my quarters _with him for good.' ' But the old wandering spirit was too strong for me,' I longed for the freedom' of' the bush and plain of Australia,, and so after, a week or two of ' thorough enjoyment I. started on ray return to London avd thence to Victoria; not without substan tial proofs; of Frank's gratitude. Since then we have corresponded at times and I: learn that lie has married the girl of his choice, . and is .rearing a thriving family to whom' on Christmas Eve he 'always repeats the story of his old chum Billy Nutts, and the. "Ghost in Armour.-' I fear my. tale has. been . rather wearisome, if so I beg the kind, indulgence of my read ers wjth tlie assurance — I would ere now my story had been done, But stories somehow lengthen when begun. Reechwoiith Gymnasium Sports.— The meeting this year promises to be highly successful, as the club intends carrying 'out their sports on a much larger "scale than hitherto attempted. In addition to the footracing events, there will also be hack racing and a number of bicycle' events; Several novelties will this year- be introduced, and the public' are guaran- teed a spienaiu uays ounng at sue moderate charge 1 of sixpence; Refresh ments will also be provided on the ground, and arrangements have .been made with the Euroa Factory for a consignment of ice on that day. V noticeable addition; is proposed ;to the horse-racing in 'a'trotting match if sufficient' encouragement he-given', and as entries for the other events are coming in freely, this will probably form a feature of the programme. Victorian Oyclino Road Map. -We have mucn pleasure in acKnoivieaging tiie receipt from Mr. G. Tucker, of the Vic torian Gycling Directory, of .i large clearly engraved map for the use of 'Cyclists, tourists and the public generally of Vic toria. The map shows clearly all inain roads and railway stations, distances being shown" in red figures, as'is also the character of the country, whether good or. had,- open or mountainous, and other information of importance to tourists. I'he map has been carefully compiled from the sectional parts published" by the Lands Department, and' is, therefore, thoroughly reliable "for reference/ It is published i'u connection with the direc tory which will shortly appear, and which, will give particulars as to clubs, hotels, machines, tracks, tours, etc.; ; and/as - the price, including the map, will be only Is; (id., the publication should be in general, favor among cyclists and others contem plating a tour in the provincial districts. ' wyrtlbford Stock Salb. —Messrs. J. G. Shields and Co. will hold their usual fortnightly sale of live stock at Alyrtleford on Tuesday, when they will offer- fat and store cattle, horses, sheep, &c.; Entries of stock will bo received up to the morning of the sale. The sale will 1 commence at 12.30 p.m. sharp. ' Departure of the' Mail. — Mails for Europe and the East will be despatched by the li-M.S.. Himalaya on Tuesday, Janu ary 25th.- The times for closing 'at the Beechworth Post-office will he as under : —For -money orders, 3 p.m. on Saturday, January 22nd ; for registered' letters, 4 p. mi on Monday, January 24th ; ":ind for ordinary letters; newspapers' and7packefe, Monday evening,- January 24 tli'.' Myrtleford Annual Races.— The full programme of the annual meeting of the Myrtleford Race Club appears in another column, and 'with its various events should provide a capital- day's amusement on Wednesday, 2Ctii January, " the' Aus tralian Natives' day. The course now boasts a new and improved running track, one mile' round', aiid various other im provements made in the interests of horse owners. Particulars as to entries, &cl;, will be found on reference to the adver tisement. The ; day's recreation "will be followed by a .concert. and dance the sanie night ; in fact, every provision has been" made for the convenience and enjoyment of visitors. 