Spain's Pitiable Case. The following pathetically written article occupies the leading columns of a Canadian contemporary :—One cannot help feeling a deep pity for those poor trapped Spaniards in the harbor of Santiago de Cuba ; or repress something akin to a shudder at ihe words of Commodore Schley : " I have got them and they will never get home." Poor Spain. Don Quixote had as good a right to canter forth from La Mancha mounted on his Bosinante and accompanied by his faithful Sancho, and expect to conquer the world as Spain had to «tep into the lists of war against the United States. Those brave Spanish words of defiance and menace were mere empty words and nothing more. The Spanish army is compounded of strange elements : Garlists from Oalicia and the north-western provinces; Democrats from Catalonia and Biscay ; Republicans from Andalusia; and Royalists from Castille ; an army that may do anything, that may only be waiting tor "the -one strong man in a blatant band " to throw off its allegiance to the AUonsos and follow whither the bold spirit of its new idol «ney lead. There is a splendid opportunity now in Spain for a leader of the Napoleonic stamp ; a man who could magnetise and dazzle by his supreme talents and crush opposition by his demon energy and the grandeur of his schemes. The army that Louis Napoleon employed to effect the .coup d'etat was not more ready for a gigantic enterprise or crime than the Spanish army is to-day. Many of its officers, from highest to lowest, are known to cherish views in no wise favorable to the reigning dynasty. Then Spain's fleet. The large defence ship Numancia—what could be more pitiable, what could be taken as a better example in miniature of the kingdom than that battered and neglected war vessel f The cbaos abotri the Numancia is not more melancholy, more pathetic than th« chaos of the Bpaninh nation, with its shattered finances, ruined, credit, decaying trade, declining monarchy, blasted agriculture, and its poor flaunting rags of a glory long since departed never to return. Numancia is a name to conjure with ; no name in all the splendid annate of the Spanish people is prouder tban that which recalls the heroic defence of Numantin's walls against the conquering army of Scipio—a defence which ended only with the Ja«t breath of the last man within the riven .citadel, when tbe Roman legionaries put to the sword the whole of the noble remnant of defenders. Well may the patriot Spaniard of to-day exclaim, " Oh, for one hour of Nutnantian devotion 1" But it were utterly vain. The misconceptions and the false statements regarding the United States navy have been cleared away in those whiffs of shell and solid shot at Manila and in those manoeuvres off Cuba. The world has also found out the full extent of Spain's weakness. It is well for Spain that her opponent is a nation that knows how to treat a conquered people, that takeB no delight in war and that has produced a general who spoke the feeling of every heart in the Northern States whea he said, " Return their horses to them (tbe conquered Southern army) ; they will need them for the ploughing." Spain as a conqueror has not been merciful ; the accusing ghosts of Montezuma, of Atahualpa, of Bobadil, and of the mournful multitude of the Spanish Jews tell the 6cd tale of Spanish fury and mercilessness. Nevertheless, in this final struggle Spain will obtain mercy ; and, taught by those terrible reverses, she may rise upon the ruins of her former state and prove that the germ of true greatness in the old Iberian race has only been crushed, not destroyed, under centuries of misrule and adversity. Our Auckland (N.Z.) correspondent cables :—Mr Friend, Cierfc of the House of Representatives, is dead, aged 60, after a service of 35 years. Lords Justices A. L. Smith, Rigby, and Yaughan Williams, on June 8, disposed of the cas? of Boaler v Aylward, an appeal by Mr Bernard Boaler that a verdict and judgment entered for the defendant might he set aside, and judgment entered for him, or that there might be a new trial of the action brought against the publisher of the ' Morning Advertiser' (London), to recover dam ages laid at £1,000 for an alleged libel .contained in a report of certain proceedings at Worship-street Police Court. It appeared that the report had reference to a prosecution by Mr Boaler against the Corporation of British Investors, Limited, for an alleged offence against the Companies Acts, and against Mr Edward Beall, their manager, which report, the plaintiff alleged, maliciously -imputed that be had been convicted of blackmailing on a previous occasion and stated that' a conviction was put in by the defendants' counsel. As a matter of faet, that was not the case. The defendants admitted that their reporter wag mistaken, but pleaded that in all other respects the report was a fair aud accurate account of what took place. They paid 40s into court in satisfaction of any damage sustained. The jury stopped the case, and returned a verdict for the defendants. Hence the present appeal. Without calling upon counsel for the defendants, their Lordships -dismissed the appeal, with costs. 