Chapter XIV. Half an hour afterwards there, came to the I door of the orphanage the single loud thud that is the knock of the poor. An upper window was opened and a tremulous - , voice I from the street below cried, "Glory! Miss Gloria!" * ft was Agatha Jones. - Glory hastened downstairs and found the girl in great agita-1 tion. One glance at her face in the candle light seemed to tell all. " You've found him 2" "Yes, he's hurt—he's "Be calm, child, tell me everything," said I Glory, and Aggie delivered her message! ' .Since leaving Holloway Father Storm had | bean followed and found by means of the dog. i The "crowd had set on him and knocked him ! down and injured him. . He was now lying in Aggie's room.. There had been nowhere else I to take him to, for the men' had disappeared the moment he was down and the women were' atraid to take him in. The police bad come at last and they were now gone for the doctor. Mrs. Pincher was with the father and the. poor dog was dead. ' _ j Glory held her hand oyer her heart. while Aggie told her story. ; "I follow you," she ootw ' vnit toll him T'\vn.s here? "Did he . aid. "Did you tell him I was here? Did he . send you to fetch me ?" " He didn't speak," said Aggie. "Is he unconscious?" "Yes." " - . "I'll go with you at once." ; Hurrying across the streets by Glory's Side ' Aggie apologised for her room again. "I down't live tbet wy now, you know," she said. "It may seem strange to you, but while my little boy was alive I couldn't go _ into the.. streets to save my life—I couldn't do it. And when 'is pore father died lahst week . . I The stone stairs to the tenement house were | thronged with women. They stood huddled ! together in groups like sheep in a storm. | There was not a man anywhere visible, except j a drunken sailor, who was coming down from ' au upper story whistling and singing. The I women silenced him. Had he no feelings ? " The doctor's came, sister," Said a woman standing by Aggie's door. Then Glory entered : ths room. The poor disordered place was lit by a cheap • lamp, which threw splashes of light and left : tracks of shadow. John lay on the bed, j muttering words that were • inaudible. His J coat and waistcoat had been removed and his : shirt was open at the neck. The. high wall of his" forehead was marble white, but his cheeks were red and feverish. One of his arms lay over the side of the bed, and Glory took it up and held it. Her great eyes were moist, but she did not cry, neither did she speak nor move. The doctor. was bathing a wound at the back of the head, and he looked up and nodded as Glory entered. At the other side of the bed an elderly woman in a widow's cap was wiping her eyes with her apron. When the doctor wa3 going away Glory followed him to. the door. "Is he seriously injured, doctor?" "Very." The doctor was a young man— | quick, brusque, and emphatic. " Not danger ..." " Yes.' The brutes have done for him. nurse, though you needn't tell his friends so." I "Then—there is—no chance—whatever?" | "Not a ghost of a chance. By the way you might try to find out where his friends are and send a line to them. I'll be here in the morn-' ihg. Good night 1" t Glory staggered back to the room with her hand pressed hard over her heart, and the young doctor, going downstairs.two steps at astride, met a police sergeant and: a reporter coming up. " Cruel'business, sir!": "Yes, but just one of those things that can't easily be brought home to any body. Sad, though ! Very, sad 1" The short night seemed as if it would never end. When daylight came the cheerless place was cleared of its refuse—its withered roses, its cigarette ends, and its heaps of left-off cloth irinr TW-j.-fla « nVlnr-L- fi-lnrr- hnrrinH WL- tn ing; Towards 3 o'clock Glory hurried back to the orphanage, leaving Aggie and Mrs. Pincher in 'charge. John had been muttering the whole night through, but he had never once moved and he was still unconscious. " Good morning, sister !" "Good morning, children!" . The little faces, fresh and bright from sleep, were waiting for their breakfast. When the meal was over Glory wrote by express to Mrs. Gallender and to the Father Superior of the brotherhood, then put on her bonnet and cloak and turned towards Downing-street. The Prime Minister had held an early Cabinet Council that morning. It was observed by his colleagues that he looked depressed and preoccupied. When the business of the day was done he rose to his feet rather feebly and Baid:— " My Lords and Gentlemen, I have long had it in my mind to say something—some thing of importance—and I feel the impulse to say it now. We have been doing our best with legislation affecting the Church, to give due reality aud true life to its relation with the; State. But the longer I live the more I feel that that relation is in itself a false one, injurious and even dangerous to both alike. Never in history, so far as I know, and cer tainly never within my own experience, has it been possible to maintain the union oi Church aud State without frequent adultery and corruption. The effort to do so has I resulted in manifest impostures in sacred I things, in ceremonies without spiritual significance, and in gross travesties of the solemn worship of God. Speaking of our own Church I will not. disguise my belief that but for the good and true men who are always to be found within its pale it could: not survive the frequent disregard of principles which lie deep in the theory of I Christianity. Its epicureanism, its regard for; the interests of the purse, its tendency to rank the administrator above- the apostle are weeds that spring up out of the soil of its marriage , with the State. And when I think of the anomalies and inequalities of its internal , government, of its countless poor clergy, and of its lords and princes, above all when I remember its apostolic pretensions and the certainty that he who attempts to live within the Church the real life of the apostles will incur the risk of that martyrdom which it has always pro nounced against innovators. I: cannot but believe that the'consciences of:-many Church men would be glad to be relieved of a burden of State temptation which they feel to be hurtful and intolerable—to render unto Caesar the: things which are Caesar's, and unto God thethings that are'God's. Be that as it-may, I have now to tell ypu that feeling this ques tion to be paramount, yet despairing of dealing with it in the few years that old age has left to me, I have concluded to resign my office.;,It is. for some younger statesman to fight this battle of the separation between the spiritual i and the temporal in the interests of true , religion and true civilisation. God grant 'he 1 may be a Christian man, and "God speed and , God bless him." !i - | The Cabinet broke up with many unwonted expressions of affection for the old leader, and many requests that he should "think again" over the step he contemplated. But everyone knew that he had set his heart on an impos sible enterprise, and everyone, felt that behind it lay the painful impulse of an incident reported at length in the newspapers that morning. . Left alone in .the Cabinet room, the Prime Minister drew up his chair before the empty grate and gave way to tender memories. He | thought of John Storm and the wreck his life had fallen to, of John's mother and her brave renunciation of love, and finally of himself and his near retirement _A spasm of the old lust of power came over him and he saw himself— to-morrow, next day, next week—delivering up his seals of office to the Queen and then— the next day after that—getting up from this chair for the last time and going out of this room to return to it 110 more—his work done, his life ended. .. It was at that moment the footman came to say that a young lady m the dreS3 of a nurse was waiting in the hall. * "A messenger from John," he thought. And as he rose to receive her, heavily, wearily, and with the burden of his years upon him, Glory came; into the room with her quivering face and two great tear drops^ standing in her eyes, but glowing with youth and health and courage. "1 Sxfc down, sit down. But. . . . . loqldng-.at her again, "have you been here | before?" "Never, my lord." j. ' "I have seen you somewhere.' ■ ■ . ;:" I-was an actress once. And I am a friend [ of John's." "Of John's2 Then you are > r;' . > "lam Glory." , • '"Glory! And so we meet at last, dear lady !• But I have seen you before. When he Bpoke of you, but did not bring you to see me, I took a stolen glance at the theatre myself ..." "I have left it, my lord." . "Left it?" And then she told him what she had done. His old eyes glistened and his head sank into his breast. : " It wasn't that I came to talk about, my lord, but another and more painful.matter." "Can I relieve you of the burden of your message, my child ? It has reached me already.- It is in all the morning newspapers." "I didn't think ~of that. Still the doctor told me to . . ' "What does the doctor say about him ? • "He says " "Yes?' " He says we are going to lo3e him." "I have sent for a great surgeon. . . But no doubt it is past help. Boor boy ! It seems only yesterday that he came up to London so full of hope and expectation. _ I can see him now with his great eyes, sitting in that chair you occupy, talking of his plans and purposes. Poor John ! To think he should come to this! But these tumultuous souls, whose hearts are battlefields, when the battle is over what can be left but a waste?" Glory's eyes had dried of themselves and she was looking at the old man with an ex pression of pain, but he went on without ob serving her. ' v . fit is one of the dark riddles of the in scrutable power which rules over life that the good man can go under like that while the evil one lives and prospers." He rose and walked to and fro before the fireplace. " Ah well! The years bring me an ever deepening sadness, an ever-increasing sense of our impotence to diminish the infinite'sorrow of the world." Then he looked down at Glory and said, "But I can hardly forgive him that he has thrown away so much for so little. And when I think of you, my child; and ot all that might have been and then of' the bad end he has come to . . ." " But I don't call it coming to a bad end, sir," said Glory in a quivering voice. • "No? To be torn and buffeted and trampled down in the streets 2" "What of it? He might have died of old age in his bed and yet: come to a worse end than that." " True, but still . 1 ." If that is coming to, a bad end I shall have to believe that my father, who was a mis sionary, came to a bad> end. too when he was killed by the fevers of Africa. Every martyr comes to a bad end if that is a bad ending. And so does everybody who is brave and true and does good to humanity and is willing to die for it. But it isn't bad. It's glorious ! I would rather be the. daughter of a man' who died like that than be the daughter of an earl, and if I-could have been the wife of one who was torn and trampled down in the streets by the very people -" But her face, which had been aflame, broke into tears again, and her voice failed her. .The old man could not 'speak, and there was silence' for a moment. Then she recovered herself and said quietly— "I came' to ask you if you could do some- j thing for me." "What is it?" "You may have heard that John wished | me to marry him ?' ". Would to God you had done so !" " That was when everybody was praising him." "Well?" " Everybody is abusing him now and railing | at him and insulting him." "Well?" : " I want to marry him at last if there is a | way—if you think it is possible andean be | managed." • '■'But you say he is a dying man." . "That's why. When he comes to himself hejvill be thinking as you think—that his life has been a failure, and I want somebody to be there and say 'It isn't; it is only beginning. It'is the grain of mustard seed tiiat must die; but it will live in the heart of humanity for ages and ages to come and I would rather take up your name, injured and insulted as it is, than win all the glory the world has in it."' ■ _ The tears were coursing down the old man's face and for some minutes he did not attempt to speak. Then he said— " What you propose is quite possible. It will be a canonical marriage, but it will take ] some little time to arrange. I must send across to Lambeth Palace. Towards evening I can go down to where he lie3 and take the license with me. , Meantime, speak to a clergy man and have everything in readiness." He walked with Glory down the long cor ridor and there he kissed her on the forehead and said— v "I've long known that a woman can be brave, but meeting you this morning has taught me something else, my child. Time and again I thought John's love of you was near to madness. He was ready to give up everything for it—everything. And he was right. Love like y bur's is the pearl of pearls and lie who wins it is a prince of princes?" ' Later the same - day, when tue Prime Minister was sitting alone in his room, a mem ber of his Cabinet brought him an evening paper containing an article which was making a deep impression in London. It was under stood to be written by a journalist of Jewish extraction "' HIS BLOOD BE ON US AND ON OUR! CHILDREN.' "This prediction has been for 1,800 years] the expression of an historical truth. That the whole Jewish nation, and not Pilate or I the rabble of Jerusalem, killed Jesus is a fact which every Jew has been made to feel down to ] the present day. But let the Christian' nation that is without Bin towards, the founder of Christianity first cast j a stone at the Jews. If it is true, as Jesus] Himself said, that he who olfers a cup of cold ; water to the least of His little ones offers it to ] Him, then it is also true that he who inflicts 1 torture and death on His followers crucifies! Him afresh. The unhappy man who has been I miserably murdered in the slums of West- j minister was a follower of Jesus if ever there i lived one, and whosoever the actual persons; maybe who are guilty of His ueath, the true ; culprit is tile Christian nation which has in-j flioted mockeries and insults 011 everybody who 1 has dared to stand alone under the ensign ■ of Christ. "Let us not be led. away by sneers. This ■ man, whatever his errors, liis w-akiie.sses, his self-delusions, and his many human failings, was a Christian. Ho was Che prophet of; woman in relation to humanity as hardly any- j one since Jesus lias ever been. And he is : hounded out of life. Thus, after nineteen cen- : turies, Christianity presents the same charac- ! teristics of frightful tyranny which disfigured the old Jewish law. We have a law, and by our law he ought to die.' Such is the sentence still pronounced on 'reformers in a country where civil and religious laws are confounded. God grant the other half of that doom may not also come true—'His blood be on us and 011 our children.'" | 