EXAMINATION OF THE MAINE. - : Terror of the Spanish Divers- ; A queer story Is going tho rounds of tho American papers concerning the Spanish divers who assisted In the examination of the Maine:— "A mysterious terror Is said to have seized- the Spanish divers when they were attempt ing to examine the wreck of the Ill- fated battleship Maine at the bottom of Havana harbour. They never remained under water more than 15 minutes at a time, and their work was so hasty and Incomplete that the circumstances may become a matter of offi cial recognition. Captain Jonn inusee, juii., of the wrecking tug Right Arm, states that the Spanish Government had the greatest difficulty in securing and keeping divers. They never seemed to have the same divers two succeeding days. At first the excuse of Incapacity was given out as the reason, then that their divers were slek, and then that their equipment and apparatus were out of order. "No one ascertained the real cause until I lust before the Right Arm left for New York. The first Spanish diver only remained down about five minutes— not longer than that— when he pulled to be hoisted. If he had met THE DEVIL FACE TO FACE ' under the water he. could not have looked more frightened and terrified than he did — so those say who saw him when he came up. He complained of being s|ck, and ' refused to' go down again. "His secret must have, been carried .to the other- divers, for there was great trouble In getting them to .go down for the next two days. It -Is reported that Juan Alvarez, the first diver, had seen the ghosts of the dead marines, and other horrible, awe-Inspiring and terrifying objects. "The' second diver is reported to have Bald that he had as good nerve and as much cour- age as any man. but that he preferred to deal with live people'1 on i.ie ground rather than uncanny, slimy ; and 'hbBtile Wanderers from the other world under thc..water. "One of the SpanlBh divers believes that he Is' v; PERPETUALLY HAUNTED by - the. spirit .oU'Lleutenaht Jenkins, it Bald that. he cannot sleep without seeing thi. same apparition night after night. He |j sold to see it both In his waking and sleeping hours. It is that of a commissioned officer in full uniform' of a lieutenant, enveloped hi a dark' shroud, the pale face and the burning eyes of fire illuminating the pallid face um raven black hair. I-Ie is said to be so haunteii that, he takes no interest In life, and intends to leave Havana upon tHe -first ship with -which-, ho cari sign articles.- "T' ose Spanish divers; and' geargohtg men "about Havana ure an unintelligent, ignoram and superstitious lot of men. Why; there Is a report there that the harbour- |s ' haunteii, and that a spectral ship glides In and out o( Mavana manried with spirit sailors. ("The first diver wa3 Juan Alvarez, a tramp seaman, who lias been In almost every pen i/'the world and sailed under every flag. Ha tqid some of his intimates that he had seep ghosts,' apparitions and spectres uurroundln.; the Maine! He said- that the ship's hulk w.rp infested with the .ghosts of. the men who had died In her. 'iThe other divers claimed that they, too, saw apparitions; that shadb'wy forms In sal- lor rig or the uniform of Yankee marines followed them about; beseeching by muto . pantoirilme for a proper burial. - Tills explains Why the Spanish divers did not spend one- tenth the time under water that the Amerl. can . divers did." . ' A Parliamentary paper shows the. total cost of the administration of the War Office and Admiralty for the financial year 1S08-99, The summary shows that the amount estimated for tho whole army for salary, \vage3, allow ances, and non-effective charges was £11,640,. 2C0; the amount estimated for material nnd works, £6,953,240; arid other charges, £027,- 000; making a, total, of. £lj),220,500. Th" amount estitriated.fdr'fh'e Vh'ole Navy for sal larles, wages/ allowances, and non-effective charges, Is £8,752,118; the arhount estimated for material and works, . £14,681,151; and other charges, £345,131; making a total of £23,778,400. The total for army arid navy together Is £42,908,940.. ' ' ' 