“CHRISTIAN BAPTISM: A REJOINDER.” The Rev. W. Goyen preached to a arge conjugation in the Eaglehawk. Primitive Methodist Church last night, on “Christian Baptism.” Baptism, he said, was made anr.oyangeficol Christ and prac tised by: .His; disciples.. : ■ Proselytes were called to ceremonial cleanness by, baptism, the nation to moral- purity by-the baptism of John, and tho world 1 to-inner wholeness by the baptism of Jesus. Peter extended the rite-and Hie promise of the blessings symbolised by the rite “to the«r children.” Tho-unity of tho family uphold'the apostle. Children were included; with their parents in religion, hence the. command to baptise infants was superfluous. Children's fitness pointed tlio same way, - for they were not monsters of iniquity, and tho express state ment that households .were baptised made tho matter certain. ’ immersion was one of the modes of baptism, ; but. .the i man who Maid baptism always, meant immersion was a man “of no authority or scholarship.*'’ Cir cumstances compelled '-variety. On the day )f- Pentecost immersion was impracticable. : n the gaol : of Philippi hardly possible, and: m tho'dipu'so of Cornelius improbable The Roy. C. H. Spurgeon onco told a woman'that immersion was not for her, “A of ,jwrtpr woirld do her more good.” ' Tlie frill significance of tire Christian life ’ ■ suggested variety, for if immersion beauti ; tixfiy illustrated death to sin, sprinkling; similarly' sot forth the sprinkling of that; blood * which speakoth ; hotter tilings than ’tliat of Abel; and pouring the anointing Of; :Ho Holy Ghost; The freedom in the bap tismal formula-rrins parallel with freedom •A the mode; for Qlifisb commanded themto; baptise ’in the, name -of tho Trinity, and they only Baptised in- the name of Jesus, While tho change that occurred in apostolic preaching; worship, nnd : society,, revealed VbW far'removed was the early church from; v method of cast-iron. Baptism was merely; uv outward sign of an inward grace. The jrace might be ; thei’o-'ivithout tho sign, and. ;lio sign was useless without the grace. To say' that baptism was indispensible to sal vation was to make men culpable for opih :{ms, to ’ run- • foul of the apostle’s ' v doctrine. ‘hat. oiroumcision_ availed and to put ! n perdition many of the most innocent; of bahoamnd some of: tho very best Christian men the world has .possessed. Not bap-, tism, but the how birth,- is the one thing; necdfuL 