täfctttttgs Jrorn from*. «BY "THE PJÙATGOBB.") Leave off your damnable faces, and begin." Years may elapse before the Theatre Soya! witnesses such a house as Wilson Barrett's production of "Claudian" drew together on Monday night last. Stalls, gallery, and circle were alike overtaxed, and that the audience ex- pected something altogether out of the common was shown by many suffering the inconvenience of standing rather than leaving the theatre. Be it said at once that the expectation was realised. " Claudian," a drama in three acts and a prologue, from the pen of W. G. Wells and Henry Herman, is a play which in time to come may probably be canonised as a classic, if only on account of its theme and the antiquity of the events which are supposed to give it origin. * * * The phrasing likewise bears a classic touch, call it wordy if you like ; for the periods are long drawn out, and there is a swinging metrical accompaniment as of heroic verse eminently suited to declamation. The prologue is easily outlined. We are introduced to a slave martin Byzantium, " and among other bond, Serena, the wife of the sculptor Theo rus, is on sale. Theorus is there with his modest savings, bent on re- lieving her ; but the eyes of the wealthy patrician Claudian have dwelt gloat- ingly on her charms of figure and face, and he determines to purchase her as a chattel. Theorus, in his despair, find- ing entreaty of no avail with Claudian, begs assistance from the spectators of the scene, and Serena, perceiving her opportunity, flees to the sanctuary of the holy patriarch Clement. Clement, on the arrival of Claudian, having used all his powers of dissuasion unavailingly, says that he shall only take her over his dead body. Mad with anger, Claudian stabs him, but ere the patriarch dies he pronounces a fearful anathema dooming'' him to perennial youth and desolation and vain desire to do good. The curse was extremely comprehensive. Love given to him or bestowed by him on others should maim or kill, good which he at- tempted should be the forerunner of evil, and this should last till 'the vaulted rocks shall split and fall; and" mass themselves before thee, until a gulf be struck 'twixt you and me.' " * # . Here, then, is the mateiial for the drama-the realisation of the various clauses of Clement's curse. And the fruit is soon garnered. # # # Serena, whom he promises freedom, is the first victim. A poor woman, whose child is starving, begs aid of him, and his gold, even though indirectly given, is the death of the infant. Thariogalus (the Tetrarch) and Agazil (a blacksmith) sue for the hand of Almira, (a farmer's daughter.) Al mida loves Agazil and is betrothed to him, whereupon the Tetrach revenges him- self by imprisoning AgaziL Claudian, appealed to by Almida, brings about his release, but Almida loves him no longer. Her love has been transferred to Claudian, and as he reciprocates this love Almîrln. is stricken blind. Almida's love is of an enduring nature, and, ap- parently, the subtle moral of the drama finds its opening here, for Claudian, de- termining to defy fate in union with the trusting Almida, an explosion occurs which wrecks the town and the palace. Agazil and Almida are united at last, and Claudian' dies with a better " life " apparently opening before his eyes. This digest hardly doe3 the plot justice, but gives a slight idea of the main fea- tures and the terrible punishment of Claudian. But its moral force-for surely it was intended as a lesson drama -is somewhat debatable. ***??* The drama, lends itself readily to spectacular effect, and full advantage is taken of the fact. Especially beautiful is the vineyard scene at Charydos; while the ruins of Claudian's palace shown in the-concluding act, were a ?marvel of scenic perfection. The cos- tuming throughout aided greatly the brilliancy of the scenes, and the general effect of the drama. Other noticeable incidental features were the procession of priests and maidens, the operatic chorus, and the pretty dancing of Cloris (Miss Ellen Gpss) in the palace of Claudian. Yet, notwithstanding the voluptuous elegance of the palace ap- pointments, the realistic effects of the earthquake scene, the handsome relief afforded by artistic grouping, and the general excellence of interprétation, one comes away with a slight feeling of dissatisfaction difficult to define, a sense of non-completion in the drama itself, or a desire, perhaps, for a.more orthodox finale. Mr. Barrett's."Clau- dian" is a model of powerful and re- fined acting, though it strikes one at times that it is too refined, inasmuch as it is too self-contained. A melo- dramatic portrayal of the character would be an abomination, but there seems to me a happy medium, which might readily be' struck by him, for many like . impersonations become clarified to the point of poetic prosiness, and to err in this direction is to intro- duce somnolency. This refers more to the unbroken flow of his diction rather than a want of final' intensity. A word may become a complete power in itself, and labial volition makes it so, but Mr. Barrett, and I hope I do him no injustice for I have only seen him in six dramas, relies on the value of tiie clause or sentence in its entirety, and not as an individual word, though the value of the part may be more powerful than the whole under certain circumstances. » . . Miss Maud Jeff eries is seen at her best in Almida. I took occasion last week to refer to her saper emotion in "The Manxman," but no such fault can be found with her Almida. The emotion is there, but its modifications are diverse and pertinent. The whole gamut is called in requisition, but so happily and convincingly apportioned that one could wish nothing better than her characterisation. Nor does she depend on passionate outburst. Every look, move, and gesture breathes her sympathy with her rôle. # * * Mr. Carter-Edwards looked and acted the patriarchal character of Holy Cle- ment, Mr. Percyval rather too effeminate as the Tetrarch Thariogalus ; as Beioá Mr. Hodges was responsible for the comedy of the drama-and it could hardly have been in better hands while the Aleares of. Mr. Belmore and the Agazil of Mr. Irwin were rendered with due regard to their respective characteristics. # # # Miss Lilian McCarthy in the prologue gave a particularly fine conception of Serena. The part is small, undoubt- edly, but its representation was ex- tremely good, and Miss Daisy Belmore as Edessa greatly assisted Mr. Hodges in sooting a success, and the Theorus of Mr. Foster (prologue) was a very natural representation; there are three or four more characters deserving men- tion, but space forbids. # * . At the conclusion of the dumb show wherein the players engaged by Hamlet enact that grim facsimile of the King's tragic end ghost taught, the " pro- logue" of Elizabethan drama enters, and, on behalf of his fellows, addresses the aristocratic assemblage " For us andrfor our tragedy, ' Here stooping to your clemency, We beg your hearing patiently." And in similar manner for his interpre- tation of Shakespeare's masterpiece Mr. Barrett has a ri ¿ht to ask a friendly ear, and be judged on the merits of his performance. It is the aim of every actor to create, and that Mr. Barrett's conception is admittedly original is high praise in itself, for it argues stereotyped and slavish adherence to models in scores of other cases. That it is the reading ÍB entirely a different ques- tion, and one which, on the spur of the moment, no critic would pronounce. If the traditional idea "is violated, if the student's conception formed after care- ful study is not realised, one should not, without discussing all the pros and cons, without diligent and careful com- parison, condemn a,:new reading. - But this is what the West Australian critic (!)-save the mark-has evidently done. He has read a little of Gervinns, of Ulrici, of Schlegel-probably for the first time in his life, and he is Doctoi j Knowall at once. Did it strike hun there are other commentators whose opinion was worth having-Hazlitt Lamb, Coleridge, Macaulay, Dowden, Hudson, Goethe, and a host of others and that-these, doctors differ ? # . . * To adapt Southey's axiom on re- viewers, "the critic should have BJ much knowledge of his subject as thc man he criticises," is pertinent to thu case. I am sorry I am compelled t* digress in this manner, but our leading paper has been guilty of arrant non- sense in many of its critiques lately. # * . " But the play's the thing." Thougl seemingly suffering from mental aberra tion on occasion, there was every ground for belief that Hamlet was possessed oi his full senses even in his maddest moments ; eccentric he was indeed, hui method was its base. Goethe con sidered that "a great action had beei laid upon a soul unfit for its perform ance," and Coleridge, in bearing oui this idea, attributed the unfitness to s lack of balance " between the impres sions from outward objects and the in ward opérations of the intellect." Fron this over-balance of the contemplate faculties "man becomes the creature oj mere meditation, and loses his natura power of action." Meditation un doubtedly wa* a prominent feature ii the character of Hamlet, but hi "natural power of action" was no! destroyed thereby, and abundant evi dence might be adduced to demon strate this. -The youthfulness of th« prince is also a fair assumption1, ant the internal evidence will support th« idea. Mr. . Barrett's reading is i plausible one, and worthy of consider able attention. It will be a pleasing matter, at any rate, if it stimulate! further Shakespearean study, am forms material for controversy Macaulay says:-"The silly notioi that every man has his one ruling passion, and that this clue, once known unravels all the mysteries of his con duct, finds no countenance in the play of Shakespeare. There man appear as he is, made up of a crowd of pas sions, which contend for the masteri over him and rule him in turn." Whai is Hamlet's ruling passion? To th< present we have calmly accepted " t traditional Hamlet." Have we seei thelman of Shakespeare's, play-or ii Mr. Barrett's representation nearer th< mark? * » * A few words must suffice for th dramatis personae. Miss Jefferies, a Ophelia, was excellently suited, Mt Carter-Edwards'Claudiu8was consisten and powerful, Mr. Hodges made a digni fied Polonius, and Messrs. Percyval- an< Foster duly accounted for Laertes am .Horatio respectively. .The First Grave digger of Mr. Ambrose Manning wa excellent - in every respect, and prc voked considerable amusement; thi part has seldom had better expression The declamatory speeches of the First Actor were delivered by Mr. McCarthy. Miss Lilian McCarthy, as Gertrade, represents the Queen as a young wo- man, and though it is rude to guess at a lady's age. she appeared no older than 24 or 25, and certainly too young to be the mother of a fine strapping Hamlet like Wilson Barrett. . * . The drama was excellently staged, a sine qua non in Shakespearean plays, and the scenery itself elicited around of applause. The house was crowded in ail parts, and seating-room was at a premium. . # » A select and fashionable audience, which included Lady Smith and suite. Lady Onslow and Miss Onslow, and Lady Lee ' Steere, assembled at St. George's Hall on Friday evening. June 21, at the invitation of the principals of the Queen's College of Music. The oc- casion was the first concert given by some of the students at the college, and, judging it from that standpoint, it may be considered very successful and satis- factory to ail concerned. The instru- mental portion of the programme came in for tike more favourable criticism, and possibly the vocalists were more nerv- ous, and showed it in their efforts. One does not look for individuality in a student's performance, the colouring necessarily being that imparted to them by the instructor, but each and all gave a very correct reading of their various solos, and showed much pro- mise for the future. Perhaps the most successful was Miss Jeannie Brenan, who gave an artistic rendering of RafFs Cachouca, and later in the evening played ? Moszhouki's valse Brillante, with good effect. Miss White con- tributed a bracketed number, Men- delssohn's Lieder No. 4, and the Finale of Sonata in F major, by Mozart. The tempo of the first-named was somewhat hurried, (no doubt through nervous- ness) but in the " Finale " Miss White's execution was clear, her touch was firm, and she showed great talent. Miss Conway gave a very accurate and intelli- gent rendering of Mendelssohn's Rivulet, and Miss Bunting, though overcome with nervousness, and unable to finish her first solo, gave a scholarly reading of the first movement of Beethoven's Sonata Pathétique. Amongst the junior pupils, Miss Nellie Stacey, a very intelligent little maiden of ll years, gave a sympathetic and graceful peformance of Mendelssohn's Spring Song, and Miss Ruby Yates in Padere wski Minuet, displayed a firm, clear touch, and splendidly-marked rythym. . . * Of the vocal students, the most suc- cessful by far, were Mrs. Snowball and Miss Edith Legge. The former lady (a pupil of Madame Buck) gave a most aitistic rendering of Lassen's " As Once in May/' and showed what training could accomplish with a small voice. Miss "Edith Legge (a pupil of Miss Isabel Reid) is the possessor of a light and flexible soprano voice, and her cavatina "Nobîl Signor" (Meyerbeer) was well received. . Miss Elsie Eliott, another pupil of Madame Buck, con- tributed two solos to the programme, her first " Hush me, O Sorrow " (Somer- set) was very acceptably sung, but the second, " Convien Partir/' was much too ambitious an attempt for a student at her stage of progress. Of the male stu- dents, Mr. Theo. Kemiss calls for special mention for his song "Once." Mr. Lawrence sang Adams' song "Valley by the Sea." He has a very fair bari- tone voice, but his intonation was faulty and the tempo too slow, which caused the song to drag. . » * The principals of the college (Miss Ada Willette and Mr. Ernst Crome opened the concert with an artistic per- formance of a duet, Chopin's "Polo- naise" in A flat, and later in the even- ing Miss Willette contributed a piano- forte solo, Chopin's "Grand Scherzo" in B fiat minor, in her usual musicianly and finished style, and displayed fine technique and brilliant execution. Of the teachers Madame Belle Buck (who is too seldom heard on our concert plat- form) gave a most refined and artistic rendering of Schira's "Sognai,""and Miss Isabel Reid infused a great deal of passion and pathos into a somewhat hackneyed song, Tosti's "Good-bye." On the whole, the teachers may be con- gratulated on the success of the stu- dents' concert, more especially when it is borne in mind that it is the result of, scarcely five months' judicious training. » . * The Cremorne Theatre has been packed nightly since'Professor Kennedy opened last Monday evening, and the large audiences have at each of the performances thoroughly enjoyed them- selves. The Professor, in his opeaing remarks, intimated that he did not in- tend to attempt to explain the science of hypnotism, but that, as he had an nouuced, his entertainment was for the purpose of making his audience laugh and thoroughly enjoy itself, and in this I must candidly confess that Professor Kennedy succeeded completely. I was a little surprised at the promptitude with which the Professor's request for volun- teers who would place themselves unre- servedly in his hands, was responded to. The 32 patients went up like lambs to the slaughter, and in a very brief space were rolling off their chairs in such a way as led me to come to the conclusion that their necks must be made of india-rubber or wrought iron. These eccentric proceedings naturally sent the spectators into fits of laughter. The patients-and I presume the term is correct, as applied to those who place themselves under the Professor's in- fluence-were, to all intents and 'pur- poses, abject slaves to his command. I must confess that I was a bit taken aback at the number of persons, evi- dently strangers to Perth, who faced the ordeal. This may be owing to a lack of courage on the .part of Perth residents or perhaps twas due to some of the patients having taken a liking to the process. But I forgot, Perth is nothing if not modest. ! "» ' '* ; #.. Kerosene, neatsfoot oiL cod-liver eil, sali; and mustard mixed to the full in a j deep sinker glass is a decoction that I should scarcely think could be under any circumstances considered a fascin- ating beverage, but be that as it may, the professor mixed these ingredients and one of the hypnotised drank all but a drain and went through the lip-smack- ing process afterwards. The spell or in- fluence being removed he announced that he had no bad taste in his mouth, yet those, of the audience who only smelt the remains narrowly escaped having a St.-Patrick's-day-in-the- morn ing style of reminiscence in their own. # » * In common with many others I tho- roughly appreciated tb*» " rational " concert, and feel satisfied that had Harry Rickards heard one of the vocal- ists he would have moved heaven and earth to secure his services. Altogether the show is à good one, and well worth the priée of admission. Also, while the pin-prodding process is on, it is worth about the same money to-«ret out. Hap- pily this does not last long, and t»»e rest is hilarity undiluted. * # # Maggie Moore evidently struck it rich at Kanowna. This is the way the local Herald enthuses over her first per- formance :-" That Miss Maggie Moore has kept a warm pjace in the hearts of all Australians was once again proved last evening, when every nook and corner of the Miners' Institute was filled long before the hour announced for the curtain to go up. It was a wonderful sight indeed. The hall was a seething mass of people, and it would have been impossible to get a single person more in. And little wonder it «as. For the first time a metro- politan theatrical company visited Ka- nowna, and, moreover, it was Maggie Moore who had determined that she would not terminate her Western trip without coming to Kanowna. She will have every reason to be satisfied, as even in Melbourne or in Sydney she could not have been accorded a more royal welcome. Directly she made her appearance in the German schoolgirl's dress, so familiar to all who have seen ' Struck Oil,' she was greeted with burst after burst of applause, and accustomed as she is to such manif estatio n s of the public's delight, she must have been specially touched with the bravos and hurrahs which emanated from the throats of the hardy miners who have made Kanowna celebrated far beyond the confines of the colony. Hooray ! 