FACTS AND FANCIES, By Tatlkb. Aftor tho great Alurrungowar bush fire the few gonnnns which bad escaped into 'possum trees were compelled to subsist on horsoflesli, which was plentiful on somo of tho noloclorB' homesteads. One wns seen making dosporato efforts to swnllow iho head of a horso a few (lays after tko firo, but the immenso jnw bones of Old Charley wore too much for tho woald-bo swnllowor. Poising tho bend by its mazzlo thnt valiant gonnnn charged 11 Inure ironbark tree, butting it violently. For fully 11 qtinrler of an hour it charged and ro-ohargod, but tho head refused to swnllow any furthpr. Worn' out with its great offorts and brokonrhonrted with dis appointment tho gounna gavo up tho ghost. If any 0110 should doubt this story any of the Mo'rritngqwar sottlors can show the largest lroo of that district bnrkod on all sides, ns the result of tho butting. Already; the troo is showing signs of decay nnd very soon Charley, the goanna, and; tho forest giant will bo on nn. equal looting. v.;;. A well-known mining man nppoared in a Ooort of Potty , Sessions in Gippsland recently. Ho is. soinetiinns known ns tho grcnt Irish Dobntor. He owns a battery nwny in tho wilds, no one scorns to know lyliere. Ho was qnestionod in Court as to' his occupa tion. "Oh I I'm a bntthory," ho said excitedly, . no, . I mano a bntthory owner." Shortly nitor ho began the examination of a witness and thoro wos nn interesting oncounlor whon ho wnrinod to his subject- fully and opened lira genorally, siloncing the .whole Court, it inclined ono to tho belief that I10 was a "bntthory" aftor all. Lawyers linvo n lot to put np with nt times. Hero is a lottor , which one of the frntornity got from a dobtor some timo back.: It wns-wi-itten from Pincligut gully via AIcKonzio diggings, ns follows Aly dearest friond,— I received your kind and welcome letter in which you demand £2 19s Od. I admit that I . owo Air Longstomock a small amount for somo staff he brought oat on an old liorso with sore oyes and a juicy .'nose, - in a dirty bug so aptly-.' described by my mnto Raymond in "Tho Snowy River Alail." I would not. swear it was not beef as it had bonos in it, also an aneiont bovine" smell. AYo nto some of' it, and strange to say, nro hotli still alive, thanks to yonr reviving offer to bring us before tho Beaks. I trust you will keop up to time us I have about sovon days tucker left, and tho eold weather is setting in, and I linvo used up all my old blankets for Princo Alberts, ote. No monoy nvnilablo, no prospoct of getting any. Am thinking of roconstrueting anil wonld liko to pay a lnrthing in the pound to ' you" and your client, who nro tho only creditors I have, worse lack. If you intond to jug mo I prefer Salo as my old boss AI— did time thoro. I remain, your brokon-heai'tod debtor, — In tho lnngungo of 11 Bruthon idontity "Foatliorntion is ill tho nir," and wo ; might ndil in most people's pockets, loo. Indeed some of our slook-breedoi's think tlint it will briug with it a loss of L s. d., so that nil tho fino sontimonts connected with u nation and a flag and a lloet fadc into insignificance in considering tilis groat quostion from a finniicinl point of viow. (Jroajiiigolong doesn't ' want Federa tion. It would soonor take a good lump sum in Government grants nnd set up "on its own." Wo liavo horo a splendid isolation, not inferior to that of Chamberlain's. Roads are not required, bcoauso tho peoplo of tho outsido world would como down nnd disoovor our poverty, nnd a railway would only bring our mortgagees on the scone, and they might be tompted by the richness of the soil to bring ahont u forootosnre. What is ivantod is a War of Indepondonce, and then wo would linvo plonty of monoy to dovnlop our rosouroes out of tho war indemnities which wo wonld got from tho neighboring states. It is absolutely useless to hope for anything in tho way of Qovornmont grants from tho presold administration. 