Short Story. Escorting the Colonel's Wife. Oup day a mail rider arrived at the frontier fort wit I] nucli new* tliat a nvr gcant ami six men .mil uu ambulance were ordered out williin an hour to es cort ant) convey tin- Colonel'* w ife down In tlie railroad. T:i> was a trip of folly miles. Tor tin.1 lirsi ten mill's it \v;ls over a level plain, then tlie trail rati through the scrub, along the foothills, uter iivc iniltw of divert, around the south base of the muuulaiu, and straight down to the rail road. It was a hard, rough trail. It took ihe army waggons from three to four days to malic the forty miles. We could make It in two If al lowed to pursue our way in peace. For a year there had been no open act of IwsCliify uu (lie part of the Indians, but we had known for weeks (hat they were making ready for an outbreak. It was queer enough that the Colonel should come down to us in person as we mood beside our saddled JioiWri, know/tig nothing of wlicre we were to go or thf object of the trip, but stranger yet that all " military etiquette" should go out of liis voice and demeanour us he fjuid : "Men, I am soiiij; (o send my wife down to the railroad to so Kast. l'ou are to bo her escort. It is a case of life or doath, or she would nut ;;o. I am afraid of tln> Indians, and yet I think you will got (lirotifjli all right. You arc to make the best time possible. Jf at tacked " " Wc shall beat them off, sir," replied Serpeaut Uregr After walling balf-a lninute for the O>lonel to llultdi. " i Jiojie you 0:1 u, I can only send the seven of you aud a driver. ICijjlit lueu ou(,'hi to heat off a hutidrcd Indians, uuiess taken in ambush. He watchful and prudent. SerKeaut, you are au old. Indian lighter. l'ou will know best what to do. You will i;et away by 1 o'clock, travel aa fast as yon cau and as lute as you cau, to as to tluisb Uie journey to-morrow. If you are ut taeked " The Colonel did not finish, lie looked at each man aud horse, inspected the ambulance aud its pair of mules, uud with a bulf-nod to us Tfe walked away. 'His wife must go, ami, owinj; to details and sickness, uo commissioned ollicer could be sent aiouK. Jf the Indians were out an escort of twenty moa would not bo too largo. Only eight of us were to go. iliu\ he tlaisbeJ h's sentence lit- would liavc said : " If attacked, and you are about to fall luto the hands of the red devils, do Dot let my wife be captured alive." We understood whnt he meant, though tve said nothing to each other. No mat ter what he or any one else feared, the little woman was almost merry as she took her seat in the ambulance for flic start. She trusted us to the rullc.gt ex tent, .mil fli.it /■(.■cling made every man ■worth three. Our horses were In line fettle, and the llrst ten miles were cover ed In a gallop. Then the way became mo rough that wc could only proceed at n walk. We wonnd through the scrutfljy cedars and pines to the crest of a low mountain, and then descended into Little Valley at Just B o'clock. A dasli across the valley to the base of Blue Mountain would put us in camp for the night. \\\> had progressed famously well, and had not yet sighted an Indian. Three different times we had to bridge chasms which mountain torrents bud cut out within a week, and twice we had to drag trees and logs out of the path before wc could go on. Nothing had happened when we reached the valley, and as we looked around us and across It nothing could be seen to nhnin. Wc littd just taken the ropes off (lie blocked Wheels of the ambulance when the war whoop of the hostile Indians sounded behind us, and we looked back over our trail to catch sight of a hundred mount ed warriors bearing down upon us. Tiiev had nicked our trail ond run us down. " Mount ! Now, straight across flic valley! Full ia to tlio roar of the ambu lance !" Tlie voice of the old sergeant wns hard nnJ linn as 1ic spoke. Tlie curtains of 1110 ambulance wore up. and I glanced at the Colonel's wife. Slie ha<l seen a ml heard. Her cheeks had paled, 1>ut she was removing a repealing rifle from its hooks as we foil iu behind the vehicle. It was a clear - five-mile dash. The prairie was as level as a floor, and the mules needed 110 urging after hearing the yells of the Indians. The soldier driver wound the lines about his hands, braced his feet, and nway we went. We hurl a stnrt of lialf-a-mi1e. No man looked hack. The pace was a liot one and there Was cover five miles a way. The Indians gained 011 us, but only inch by Inch. The mules took up tsucli a gait that our horses had to He right down to It to keep up. Not a word was spoken as we rode, but every listened to loente tiio.se coining tip be hind us. If they caiuc loo near wc must halt and open Arc while the ambulance pushed on. We had almost reached cover before three or four rifle bullets came singing over our heads. Three minutes later we were among the trees and rocks, and the race was ended. As the ambulance halted and wc flung ourselves oil our horses, I looked back und saw a hand of at least seventy In-1 dlans almost with I u "rifle-shot of us. The road struck tlio hills at a gulch, end (hoy dared not follow us into that They gave vent to their disappointment by /shouts and .rolls and a waste of am munition, and for a few minutes they bad no plain view. " Well, wc beat them in a fair race," mid the Colonel's wife as she descended from the ambulance with the rifle In her bands. " Sergeant Gregg, what are j-ou going to do now 7" " Take cover, ma'am," he replied as be gave her the military salute. " Yen, of course," she Bald as she looked about " Did you ever sec a pair of niulos run faster 1 1 might have got a shot but Tor your men behind. There must be near a buudred Indians out there, but 1 guess we're safe enough now." She rattled on In that fashion while we were taking the mules from the am bulance and unsaddling our horses, and It was a great weight off our minds to realise tlinl she woctld not be a burden on our hands. It was Idle to think of pursuing our journey la the darkness which would soon clow down, and be fore morning there would be plenty »r Indians on the trail beyond. We must take corer and hope to sland tliem off until help arrived, or they grew dis couraged at the siege. Ah we were cmi milUrc nbtrut location and dnfenco the Colonel's wife came back to as from the month of the gulch and said : "That's the place, over to th» left. men. There's a spring on thai hill, -.villi a good growth to shelter all. awl you cau fee plenty of boulders lying about" lie ecrgeatit bad selected the same spot, and 5n the oourRf of a quarter of an hour we were occupying It. We got the horses and muli's up iliere, but the vehicle was left behind. Ii was a cone Kliaped hill amid half-a-dozen such, liul it cuuimunded tin- inhere. It was covered with pint's and cedars of wnall growth. and there wu.s a hpleudld spring light on tin* crest. If the Indian* had been tierce in ilieir pursuit, or crafty In their plans', we cuulil not have reached it. It was the nut break <>t" war attain will) them, anil they were ovenant:oii;i. They drew back into the valley to coii MiilI. thus giving «s a fair shew, and we were riling enough when night fell, and tln'y made a dash for u«. which we ca.slly repulsed. Darkness fonml us oc cupying n circle iilionf -Wit. aero.-*;, with .stones and bonlilers and trees for shelter, and, though the .tiiuatiou was 1111 anxions one ami full of danger, all were in good spirits. We made ti fire between t wo rocks and cooked our «»j> pers, and l>y the use of blankets we put tip a lent fori lie Colonel's wife, though against her protests. After the one single effort of the Indians, whieU was doubtless more of a reconnaissance than an attack, we were left in peace, though all through the night we heard sounds ■to prove tliey were taking up positions 011 all sides of us and tnakiug ready for the morrow. None of us except the woman slept an hour all niirlit long, ffc used levers to loosen boulders anil roll tlieiu into the circle, and with our knives we cut off limbs, iind cut down small trees to fur ther strengthen our fort. We sot Hie horses Into n sort of sully below us, mid made the position .is safe as possible, and when daylight came there was noth ing more to lie done. We hail above <MHI rounds of fiiirtmiuUiou, food for thcee days, and water was at hand. Daybreak found us ready for au at 'J'lie Colonel's wife took tier place, ritle In hand, between two men, and for half-an-hour we. expected a sudden rush. At the end of that time a single warrior appeared to view at fheliase of the hill, and ill broken English demanded our surrender. The serueant answered hiiu that we were ready for tliein, and at tins same tiiue lircd a shot which rolled the redrtlcin's pony over. Three minutes later there was a circle of lire tiboul us. Indians lind mounted into trees to the rifTht and left of us to get a phtusinj; (Ire, and from the top® of two lower hills they poured In their bullets at random. We simply crouched down behind (lie rocks and smoked our pipes, pleased tliat they were throwing away their cartridges. At the end of an fiutir they •ceased ilrinj;. Not a man of us hiul been tou<flied, but Stray bullet's liad killed one of tlie nrules and wounded two horses. There would be n rush now, and as we made ready for it the. Colonel's wife sank down beside me, and quietly said: " I've tumbled over sane hens aud jackraWMts, and 1 oupht to lie able 1o hit an Indian. Do I look frightened V" " You are as white as a ghost, ma'am," I answered as I turned to her. " But I'm all right," she smilingly said, " and 'here they come." So they did. With every painted war rior yelling at the top of his voice, the entire band charged us at once, taking in the whole circle. It was not until they got close up that we could see any thing to sAioot at, aud every few seconds the sergeant cried out to us to bold our lire. It was over in a minute. They did not expect to find us entrenched, and we kuocked them over like ninepins. I believe wo killed or wounded a full score, aud it took (lie tight out of tlicm so thoroughly that nut a .rifle was Bred nl iifi again until afternoon. Tltou, soon after 1! o'clock, aud without the slightest warning, we were charged again, and for three minutes it was a wild mclco. Wo tired into their very faces as they sprang upon the dsfcnccs, and two warriors were shot down lusidc our fort, and both by tlie Colonel's wife. It was their final and supreme effort, and well it was for us that it was thus. When we lmd beaten tlieui off Sergeant (Jrogg and another man lay dead, four men were badly wounded, and they bad cut our animals out of Uic gulclj and run them off. Had the attack lasted a minute longer or been renewed, two men and a woman alnno would have opposed it. And among the queer things of that last dash wan the behaviour of the Colonel's wife. With my own eyes I saw her shoot down the two warriors wlio had leaped the breastwork, and I believe she killed two or three more out side or It. and yet when the attack I icon repulsed the little woman foli over In a dead Taint, nnd for ten minutes wo believed ber dead from a bullet. AVhen she onrac back to life she had a fit of weeping, and when that wns over ulio turned to and attended our hurls and was ready for another brush. Wc put in another night rlplit there, not knowing that the Indians had drawn ofT, hut Boon after sunrise next morning were relieved of all anxiety I t>y the appearance of a «cout, who passed on and fent us aid from the fort. The Colonel's wife did not net down to t)n> railroad, for that was the opening of a war whielt lasted for Hicitifiis, hut there wns no blame at tached to any of the living who re-1 turned to her. On the contrary, the old martinet of a Colonel took oaeh one or us by the hand, breaking over " mili tary cllijuetle" once more in liis life, and said : I "You did well, my uiau, 'and here's my hand on it, and I won't forget you 1" —" San Francisco Chronicle." 