The Metropolitan Mission. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — The letter of the Bev. J. E. Car ruthers, in your last issue, calls for some notice, and, as I have been closely identified with the proposal for the establishment of a Metropolitan Mission, I desire to send you a reply. First of all, it should be borne in mind that the appointment of the Com mittee on Methodist aggression was due to a conviction on the part of the Conference, that our position in the city of Sydney demands some aggressive movement in con- I nection with our city churches ; also, that the proposal as now submitted by the Committee is the only one suggested; objectors have been asked to substitute something else, but up to the present have failed to furnish either a better or any other scheme. Moreover, the Committee, of which Mr. Carruthers is a member, has given a great deal of time' and prayerful consideration to the scheme now submitted, and, although in the first instance there were several who did not look favourably upon it, when they attended the meetings and heard the discussions and explanations, they, with two or three exceptions, gave it their cordial support. The reception of the report by the recent District Synod waB remarknble. Not a solitary voice was raised against it, and the report was adopted with but slight amendments and without dissent in a full session. Later, the mem bers of all the Quarterly Meetings concerned were invited to meet the members of the Com mittee in conference at the Centenary Hall, and, although many questions were asked, aDd explanations given, there was not even the semblance of a hostile attitude on the part of any member of a city Quarterly Meeting ; and wh:le, in accordance with the President's meeting, it was not thought desirable that any resolutions should be submitted, it was evident that the feeling of the Conference was decidedly favourable. On the other hand there were many who gave expression to their belief that the Holy Spirit has been leading the Committee to the adoption or evolution of the scheme as it is now presented to the Quarterly Meet [ ings and Conference. It would occupy too much space were I to go into a lengthy explanation of the details of the scheme; it may be well, ' however, to state that the proposal does not unhinge or in any way alter the circuit machinery as now in operation in the localities concerned. No alterations are proposed as to circuit boundaries ; and, being admittedly an experiment, should it be felt desirable in one or two years time to revert to the present condition of affairs (which is not likely), it can be done without injury to circuit or trust interests. Mr. Carruthers asks, ' Is it intended to work the churches within the Mission area as ' Mission Churches ' with free and open seats and other features that are in evidence at York-street, the Melbourne Central Mission and similar mission centres?' Your corre spondent says — ' Some of the advocates of the scheme say emphatically ' No,' and others as emphatically say ' Yes.' ' This is scarcely correct. The unanimous reply of the advocates of the scheme is that it is intended that the Churches referred to shall be run on mission lines by ministers with aptitude for mission work. As to ' free and open seats,' that is a matter entirely for the trustees ; they may, if they choose, retain the present system of pew rents, providing, as they are bound to do, free sittings for strangers, I fancy, however, that the trustees of churches have now so many unoccupied pews on their hands, that they would be only too glad to see them filled on almost any conditions, or even no conditions at all. Or the trustees may, with the consent of the Beat holders (probably very few, if any, would object to the experiment being tried) throw the whole of the seats open on Sunday nights. Or, trustees may suspend the collection of pew rents for 12 months in order to give the experiment a trial. Whatever course may be adopted by trustees there can.be no doubt that they are as much interested as any other officials in the advancement of the cause ot God, and that they will act wisely. As for the 'other features that are in evidence at York-street, the Mel bourne Central Mission, and similar mission centres,' the quarterly meetings, with the assistance of the General Council, will no doubt avail themselves of those features as far as practicable ; they will probably reckon that what iB good for York-street is good for other places. Mr. Carruthers further enquires : ' How is the money necessary for the effectual carrying out of the miB&ion; to be raided, and who or what is to be held responsible in the last resort ?' The committee has gone very carefully into the matter of finance with the result that the increased agencies and widened organisation wonld only require to raise £130 per year more than the average income of the past four years for the C.M.M. evangelistic and philanthropic departments, in order to meet the expenditure. Mr. C. presumes that the committee has included in the income ('averaging £620 per year) the results of ' the recent debt reduction effort, heroically carried out by the present superintendent of the C.M.M.' This misapprehension on the part of my friend, who is usually clear headed and reliable as a Methodist states man, may be taken as an illustration of how he has failed to grasp the details ef the scheme. Mr. Carruthers was not present at every meeting of the committee, but it was stated by the Secretary, more than once, that the figures were taken from the balance sheets of the C.M.M. for the past four years, and, as the balance sheet for 1898 is not yet prepared, the results of Mr. Taylor's debt reduction effort could not possibly have come into the calculations. If the federation of the six city circuits for mission purposes involved a considerable outlay of capital in the erection of premises, etc., anxiety as to the ' last reBort' in case of failure, would only be natural; but no such proposal is contemplated. It may not be possible to dispose of a building, which may have cost thousands of pounds, and is heavily in debt; in that case 'the last' resort is the Schofield Loan Fund, or the Bright Bequest Fund, or both, but in the proposed Metropolitan Mission, in the event of its not being able to pay its way, the ' last resort ' will be just to drop it, and revert to the old order of things. Space will not permit me to refer at length to the other 'grave difficulties' which Mr. Carruthers sees. One is the ' dual control ' which, it is hinted, i3 not a success in our educational institutions. So far as I know, the only serious objection to the dual control of a college is the expensO j and I have yet to learn that if, say, New ington College could always be run with a Presilent like Mr. Moulton, and a head maBter like Mr. Lucas, at no greater expense than the single control would involve, the College Council would hesitate long before attempting to do away with such a dual control. Now, in the case of the Metropolitan Mission, the dual control will not increase the expense to the extent of a single shilling, Further, the ' General Council ' will be composed mainly of the ministers and representatives of tbe Quarterly Meetings themselves, and, while it is, of course, possible a hitch may occur here or there, some room must be left for common sense and religion to come in# Mr. Carruthers makes a little too much of the 'free hand' sentiment. Goasyou please has not always been a success. Competition, some economists think, is not always and everywhere the best thing, co operation is sometimes better ; and that i3 what is proposed here- 'Between the two stools,1' says Mr. C., ' ordinary but most valuable work is likely to come to the ground— such as direct pastoral visitation, instruction of scholars in tbe public schools, and the ordinary but spiritually up-building mid-week public service.' The very opposite of these forebodings is much more likely to be the result. Besides, is not this ' ordinary but most valuable work ' being done now ? If so, why is the condition of our city circuits what it is to-day, and what is there to prevent it being done under the new order of things ? 'If they (the proposals) mean,' says our candid friend, ' all that some of the more sanguine allege, then what is good for Bourke-street is good also for Balmain. What will uplift Pyrmont will regenerate Parramatta. Means that will fill William-street might also be em ployed at West Maitland.' That pretty bit of alliteration has itself suggested thfr ejoinder that Balmain, until it beoame a mission, was a dismal failure both in regard to attendance at the services and finance; now a congregation of about a thousand persons assembles every Sunday night in the beautiful Mission Hall, and the circuit is 'independent.' What is proved to be good for Balmain should also be good for Bonrke-street. Again, if the Parramatta and West Maitland churches are large structures situated in the midst of dense populations and yet are more than half empty, then some uplifting and regenerat ing work needs to be done by somebody, but they are not ; the conditions are not he sitne, and hence the 'means that fill William-street ' aire not required at either West Maitland or Parramatta. With many of the sentiments to which Mr. Carruthers gives expression in his con cluding paragraph I certainly agree. Whether working on circuit or mission lines we cannot do without the quickening influences of the Holy Spirit, and, depend upon it, nowhere is there more of 'fearless Gospel preaching,'1 both at indoor and 'open air' services, or more of personal fidelity in declaring the truth as it is in Christ Jesus, than in connection with missions such as that which, we believe, the Holy Ghost has led the committee to propose. Yours faithfully, W. Woolls Rutledge. Waverley, Dec. 26th, 1898. 