Terrible Burning Accident. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. 111HS FLESR ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINOPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on tie hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued be was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and tbhe fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neigh borhood that Mr Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had bad a most marvel lous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumora that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get all informa tion regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way.to his houe, 45 Crown- lane, U ltimo. Mr Thos. Jarvis was discovered I nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face de. clared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale, and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that be was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary question he said :-" You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of 'value to those who are stricken as I was." "H ow long were you suffering Y" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have dae nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident [ have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " WVhats were the symptoms 7" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither cat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order 7" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, toease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or sir weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataria, or pro gressive locomotor atraxy, a disease of the spinal chcrd, characterised by peculiar dis turbances of gait, and difliculty in coordin ating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.)' Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describ ing the cure effected in the case of another boiler- maker in England, which I read in the Australian TWorkman, by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read it in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for .a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magi cal. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." " He is 100 per cent better," said Mrs Jar. vis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who callel in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the changc, in me. They can hardly beihave their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise irom an im poverished state of the blood, such as anasmla, pale and sallow coumplexion, general muscu lar weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr J. S. T. Mc~oioen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.8.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr tcGowen says he has known Jarsis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chaice of his recovery. He under stood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pro. nounced incurable. Mr McGowen was, however, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonlerful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr Williams' Medicine Co., Perth, W.A., who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for as, or half-dozen for Ils 9d. See that the genuine Dr Williams' are gotten. 