A YANKEE SPY IN SPAIN LIONISED IN MADRID AND OADI2 HOW. HIS DINED WITH ADMIRAL CAMARA. AND INSPECTED THE SPANISH FLEET. REMARKABLE TALE OF BLUFF. (From tlio London Daily Ncmt.) Tlio following story from Cadiz throws ai interesting sidelight on tlio Spoisli-Aincricni w«r. It ought to bo interesting nnd instrtic tivo to Spanish ns well ns to English renders My desorlption of tho boro is given fron personal acquaintance. 1 About si* or seven weeks ago arrived ii Madrid a wealthy Moxienn gontlomnn. Hii spsooh, innniier, and dress showed him ti boloag to tliat class of wealthy nnd nrlsto oratio Spanlali-Aniorlcan Mint travols nboul Spain muoh in tlio luxurious stylo of Englisl noblemen of. tlio last • century making tin grand tour on the Continent, i.e.. uccotn panied' by couriers, hiring whole suites ol rooms nt hotels, sending presents to prime doinie, spoiling servants with their largesses, ami, in short, thrpwlug,their money broad cost. Alt'" Americano ’’—a Spanish,Amcrl. can—la1 looked upon in Snniii imioli in tile samo manner ns a V M ilord’’ was looked upon in Franco last oontnry. . Pooplo admire him for his wealth—real or apparent—and at the same time look upon him as a', pigeon to bo pluokod, nnd despise,him apqdraingly. Woll, Senor Fornnndcz del Campo (ns I shall call him) oumo to Mndrid (just aitor tho war broke out, and hired a-snilu pf rooms on the first fieor in tho,'first .liotol of tho,Spanish capital. Ho was siionsa great favorite in sooioty, and was known, by reputation nt least, in overy Madrid'.drawing room. Ho was a man of about 37. goodlopking, n topi cal Spauinrd, witlr-ovnl face, ravon hi hair, thick hlaok moustnclio, black sparkling eyes, and firm chin nnd lips, showing cha racter and determination. Tlio Mexican Minister to Madrid vowed tliat ho had never heard of Fernandez dol Uornpo. But who will holicvo tliat tho Moxienn Minister was unacquainted, at least by name, with ono of tlio largest landowners in tlio State of Chi huahitn, And a friend "Pf President Porfirio' 1)1,it J And, oil tho part of a diplomatist,' in not silonco the highest eloquence ! Fer nandez himself replied to allusions to Mils subject that bo hnd ho further object tlinu to write, his impressions of Spain in the Eloite Beil/e. But tliat was a little too thin. Fornaiidcz replied Mint ho know Frenoli ns woll no hia native language—a fnct to which I can testify—he having spent throe years as a boy nt the Lyoiio Napoleon in Paris. But that was no argument, because ho spoke German equally woll, and a London corres pondent introduced to him at tho Casino found Mint lie lmd lonrnt English grammatic ally, and with a little prnctico would soon become profieioiit. For tho Inst fortnight rumours had boon nflont in Madrid about a Mexican- nlilanoo against the United States. I was in Mndrid at the time, and I romninbor reading several nice articles on tho subject. One of the beet was, I think, in the Impartial Tiie | writer showed that sucii an alliance would be useful to Spain mid Mexico, hut chiefly to Mexico. It was just no these doctrines were riponing iiTtho mindsl of the Mndrilonos that Fernandez del Cnnipn came among them. He-did,not .stop long, however, and sflcr afow daj’a'he told- evoryhody tliat lie would go to Cadiz, where , there was some thing to sec. Everybody iu Madrid was very torry- Statesmen called on Senor Fernandez del Campo with offers of intro ductions to tho Govornpr'.of Cadiz nnd tlio Admiral in commnild of this Resorvo Squad ron. The “ Mexican' Confidential Envoy’.’, (for even Mint title was given him) deoliond tlio introductions rather haughtily i “If tlio Sake deNAjcra," he a-eptorked, “ and Ad miral Cairiara want to soil,n’io, they know whore to find mo's ’I shall* bo staying at ’tlio 'oLGau Hotel de Paris,’.' Fernandez, del Gsmpo bo come tho lion of'Cudiz; Tho dny.aftur his arrival, a Major who sat next to him (by clinneo, of courso) nt table d’hote, nslted him wliother lie would like to teo tho Governor Fernandes sniil lio would ho veryhnppy, and onferrin a few minutes Inter lio, was conferring, with the Duke do Najera. ” You will find Cadiz » dull place after Madrid, I am afraid,” remarked tlio Dtikd s “ but wo will' do our best to show you everything.' By tho way, you would like,, of courso, to see Admiral Camara., Ho.told, mo ho would,bo hnppy to seo you. . Yep had hotter call on him to- morrow mbrning.” Some days aitor this, Admiral Camara- called in uniform nt the Hotel do Paris and asked Fornandoz dol Campo to dinner. “My donr Admiral,” aaid Fcrnandoz,, “I think you had bettor ho my guest this evening.” “ Very woll,” said Admiral Caiiiarii,' “ bub only on con dition you dino with mo this week. ■ I will ask uonio suitable company to meet you,” This conversation took place in tho lioU.of tlio HOtel do Paris, nad was witnessed by nil English newspaper correspondent. Tile latter subsequently (mot Fomundez in the rcadlug room, but;.tlio Mcxicnn, liko 'ft tliorough gentleman, oliangcd tlio convorsa-, Man the moment it, referred to military matters. •* Are yon staying long in Cadiz,; “ inndez?” asked nnavol ofiioor who Senor Fernnndez.— . , sat beside the Mexican nt Admiral Camara s table. «.-A'--few days,” was the reply,. “. I oliould llko to soe your squadron “ A few days/’-exolotmod blip'.oiBoor.i ‘‘you mean a/»>y.,W0rUs.; Wo cannot-possibly ho. ready belpfo itmoatlii‘iin4.'-youiinay take it that wo'slifiU upt.sali': from (Mis. More six weak«.” ,‘M>od’b; write ,,tkiifc to’tho Etpile' Bclar,’ ” colled out'another officer, and tlio whole table laughed jit.' this-joke at, Far nandez’s oxponiie/t‘i MHe W np more a news paper correspondent than I am,” whisporod a naval offloor whqJwUust handed; his. card; to Fernandas del',Campo, with,an invitation; to honor tlio, oiBAMlif .tho Rppido by dining on board withi them a few - days lionoo. •• Feruamiez,”, l«nmr1ked,1appt)icr,l la an. offioer in tho, Mqxjoap,. army, arid lip- ip».V soon bo' fighting, tu piir .oamp; against tl»o Americans. I'mivt’-heaWl all alient it from Madrid,” “l l,!,':, ■ . That night Fornandoz challenged somo of his now terepdi'te nlw.' and, ho. lost’ a, hun dred duroa.wltfylholh at monte. Like a truo Caballero, .howoVfiiy iio-bore hia defeat ohoqr-, fully. IfrbU friends mentioned then: oryn <Uy, ho ^ybaW1 entertain- thorn W ainrior fttm take a hjmd nt cacdp with them*. % playoa and Lwfc ftgftin, fta ■ gujwU oanjo to the conclusion that a Mexican, nt least at cards, WM m match fop ft Spaniard* Tho din }#r on bQardtho, Rapido passed off very gaily. iyiernaudi!z .':'’wn8 ' taueh' over this splendid fast steamer, purchased, you may remember, a fowdaysbefoto the war.from the NorddoutscliueilJoyil-iby. the Spanish Government.. ,Tlio ofiioers gopfesaod they h»4?oowo ; dlfflpqUa;vin5;mai>aging ;auo i a leviathan,■■Mtfcftewian pnghieera who took ■ her-put friS>Bre|iieu teWlzhaving’refusod ■ the inpat,teinmjhg oflbreiboromabion boara , during thfc'jirSt-Sfib is,vow. high built,, remarkcdi<mQ.olfsinerji)iindoz’a friendi!, •' and we do. noKmnehdike all that woodwork in oldo her. -If a"shell woro to touch her she would hlaze. hp- likoilroworks.” “ But wt hppo,” rrajorked^ tho'pffipori,; " to koep the Yankees-ati n tjjsiaboo,1. Come and.soe eui quiek-fiithg guns ’’■;. Fornan.dez.tml Cwnpo oppnt iipwams ,of t month hctiyeqh, Cadiz, ^lio dopkyafds of.Gar rnooa, hmlthoartflhplz'ql $ah.Fprnandp.' A’ thif hitter plaoq. bb wont, .qgp^Supdoy; tei hull fight/ wngni » fiUarMl .wofcj.Phw.q hu tween. liaval oflloqre Wefe'taolinod.te olqo withthel hwlacqaalpte«(;q«iin>th,;*eryioM,;tMtqhei ^((o was Very. In an, mte^isa{ _u hlmMlf ' awa; ^miral.Aunqaj.w.h1 camo down to Cadiz to see.thd Hquadron off ‘ Ho confessed tlmt lio was organising a corpi of Mexican guorillna. to liaraaa tho Uuitei , States army in caso of wnrby flank inovo manta. I'lio Spanish Minister of Marini tried to got a further confession from hii visitor, but tho latter, who folt ho hai already said too much, would not he drawn, .Tho best things in tho world pall by.ropoti, tlon, FetnandeZ told his friends thnt Ik was getting tired of Cadiz, and wanted tc return to Mexico, ‘' Do stop on a fow days,’ plbadbd tho Spanish oliloers.. “To-day it Friday, and tho squadron—-wo may toll you in strict oonfidonce—loaves next Thursday.11 ■There was, howover, another reason fot , Fernandez’s anxiety' to depart. Ifo had boon rather extravagant, ami found that lie must retrench, his hotel hill, for a month having como up to one hundred pounds. Howover, ho stayed. ’ In liis last interview with tho Duko do Najera tho latter spoke of tho impudoncc of certain foreign correspon dents who had just come to Cadiz. Among them ho mentioned tho iinmcs of Baron von PorfnU, correspondent of tho Kolnimhe Zei tung j Dr. Oskar. Wolff, of tho Berliner BoncnblaH; nnd tho■ Daily corres pondent. . Ho had; already sent Dr, Oskar Wolff an intimation tolenVo Cadiz within 24 hours, and was about to take the same oourso with regard to tho other two corres pondents. " But you wero just telling mo," said. Fornnmloz’dol Cnmpo,that they have done little also butivnlk round tho town lookl ingot thosiglitsmid'oxourthgiilgliiiprdsslonu.” “Sly dear air,” replied' tho Duke, "you oannot ho too cautious. Surely if theso cor respondents lire spjof.thuy.. will not toll us so. You lmvo uo idea of tho roses Yniikocs will resort to inordcr tb get information.” Fernandez stayed1 in’ Cadiz for a day or two after tho departure ti Admiral Camara’s squadron. Ho, this,,event on board one of tliq Admiralty lamiolios. \Vo' koop on tlio other sido bf ilic'bay,“'remarked one of tho oflioors, “bebauso those ehaimcls you soo on our port bbiim (pointing in several directions).' aro defended, with torpedoes in caso tho 'Americans camo: to Cadiz.” Ono morning tlirco Spanish gentiomon wore walking up and down iK front of tho Hotel do Paris as if they Wore'waiting for some body. From beneath a moveable shutter,, Fernando?, popped out Ills, bend, but with draw it almost immediately. Tho throe gentlemen waited for an hour, and then for a second hour, Tho bolls of oll’tho elnirohcs of Cadiz rang for twelve b'olook. Tho thrao gentlemen entered tho hotel and saicl they wanted to see Senor Fernandez del Campo. “ You should lmvo called an hour ago,” said tho wnitor, .“he is not hero.” ** Whon is-lio coining buck! Wo lmvo orders to arrest him.” “Hu scut ail his luggage early this morning on board tho Tangier steamer, and after paying his bill, ho walked out'alone by the back door. Tho stearaor loft her moor ?s half nil hour ago.” ■ was at Tnngior a week or so ago. Shortly tor arriving in Tangier I went up to tho rrace of my hotel. Iti front of mo a man ns looking through a tolcsoopo, examining le Spanish const, which that day could, ho on distinctly from Gibraltar, to San Fer indo, near Cadiz. Ho turned'round, nnd recognisod the distinguished Aloxicaii. Halloa, Forimndoz, what’ are' you doing tro ? I supposo you aro’back to Cadiz by xt steamer?” “I am,not,going bauk to idiz." “ What is the matter? You speak od Englisli now, and you have caught an aiorican accent." f‘X am nn American.” I do not mean ‘ Americano,’ ” “ JSxaotly. \m a United States, oitizou,' an Amoricuu loor. I graduated at West Port, qnd I Id a United States commission as captain tho 2nd Texan Rangers.” I'was dumb undod.., All this was'said' in faultless lglish, with a gonuino American accent out which there could ho no mistake. As. on ns I was able, to speak I naked, “ Well, ur nnmo is hot Fernando*?'”” “'Yob ibis. »m from an old Toxnn family; My people Vo a rnnolio near Brownsvillo, nnd another o just over tho Mexican border near itamoros. So I,speak Spanish .like my ithor tongno. In' faoti piy f.amlljv'if yoiV ico- it far back enbbgli,.is. of; Mcxioan.do mt. But (ivith a - winli) I'm a good ncrioan. I Iio>vo boon- AutiiifJ tib'Gitfllz as uildontiai agent ;Of tho«Upitod States Go rniiient for six weeks. X liavp.greoucdlnll', e Spaniards," . , , , Fernnndoz thou told mo. Ins wholo story, voral points.of whibli were afterwards om mud by iv gentleman whom: I-tnet at Gib Itar. “ Wlint about your story of Iho oxiosn guorillan ,you told,, Admiral An ,n?” “Ibwna a il-—-dllo. .1 was emit Hod the. last fow’days tb talk rntlier.tall. played tho gnmo ’for nbemveoks. But at iigth I foltthat some people were bocommg spioious, so I. .nmdo oygi'ything. .ready to uttlo. What annoyed mo most was bny morionn passport. I required it for Gib ltar and Tangier, amt' yetT was anxious iat in caso ot arrest nobody should see it. i.I hid it." Mr. Fornnmluz told mo tho ding place, but us iny business is not to vo uifofmotion to tliii police I noed not ontionit. Itwns a moot ingenious- man-, ir of oonociihnont. ‘‘T really did not led,” ho wont on, " to, uco-tho Ministor of arinc, ns ho oould, really tell mo nothing I d not knownlrcady. Admiral Aunqn Biiid , mo' that tho Spanish fleet was in tho ghost: stato of olilcionoy; • ‘ You umiiiti itod fool,’X thought to. inysolf, ‘you,are ying'to hoax a mini who knows just ns oil as yourself what tothinkof the Spanish ict.’ X am Inking tho rioxt' steamer to ling nd, and then lionm. I . have done u good eco. of businoss for ,my country. • I nt information diqnio. every any.. The jilted.' States , knew, of1 tho departure of dmlraf Oqm'nra’s, flpot a SVeck beforohandl’ lioy.kuow/to.a-iji'an tlia fnrobs oii.honrdi In on, arms, and, .ammunition,:.. Wo know inotly to a ton how muuh doal tlio Spaniards ivoj and in foot if.'ihy people put me;nuy icetions regarding tlio mflitory. mid naval tuation of Spain I think l oan answer, it ■ 