[?] "DOES THE THEATRE HAKE FOR GOOD?" "NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE FOR A WOMAN TO REMAIN PURE "WHO ADOPTS THE STAGE AS A PROFESSION." " Temptation Surrounds Her in Every Shape." A Talk on Problem and Religious Plays. (By Raymond Blathwayt, I11 " Great Thoughts.") The following is the full text of &r; Interview that caused a great sensa tion in London, and which Is now pub lished in Australia for the first time:— In one word "No." That is the substance of Mr. Scott's reply to my question as to the ultimate moral ef fect of the drama. The theatre as it stands to-day the theatre, be it un derstood in its inmost sense, is em phatically not one of the forces that makes for righteousness. This state ment, coming from a man in Mr. Clement Scott's position, will raise an indignant howl, of course ; that goes without saying but it is well, perhaps that now and again the truth, how ever unpalatable, should be spoken. And this truth comes, remember not from the mouth of the Puritan, but from that of the experienced man of the world. For once, although not perhaps for the first time in the his- tory of the world they are in com plete agreement on this subject. Nor is it unnatural after all that they should be so. Each starts with the thorough knowledge of the human na ture that is in all of us, and each ar rives at the same conclusion, though possibly by different paths, that the theatre as a whole is not one of those great forces that tends to the purify ing of men or the uplifting of women. " If any one I loved," said Mr. Scott, during the course of our recent con versation, " insisted on going on the stage contrary to my advice, I should be terrified for her future and hope less for the endurance of our affec tion or even friendship. For stage life, according to my experience, has a tendency to deaden the finer feelings, to crush the inner nature of-men and women, and to substitute artificiality and hollowness for sincerity and truth, and, mind you, I speak from an intimate experience of the stage ex tending over thirty-seven yeans. Of course, I refer now to the inner life of the theatre, to that, which goes on behind the scenes. I refer to that life of which the outside public knows but little, and a good thing for it that it does know so little. And again, in dealing with this inner life, I leave out all reference — to a great extent that is— to what I may term the theat rical families of the stage, those well- known people or generations of play actors. They are like doctors or ar- tists, to whom the whole thing is a matter of training and profession, and who, like the doctor or the artist, do not notice, and are unaffected by what, perhaps, comes as a shock to the novice. I speak rather of and to the hundreds of young people, es pecially of the opposite sex, who have so unhealthy a craving for matters theatrical, and who enter upon the life with an absolute ignorance of all that is hidden by its glittering ex terior. It is Nearly Impossible for a Woman to Remain Pure who Adopts the Stage as a Pro fession. Everything is against her. The free dom of life, of speed, of gesture, which is the rule behind the curtain, renders it almost impossible for a woman to preserve that simplicity of manner which is, after all, her great est charm. The whole life is arti ficial and unnatural to the last de gree, and, therefore, an unhealthy life to live. But there, are far more serious evils to be encountered than these. These drawbacks are the things that render it impossible for a lady to remain a lady. But what Is infinitely more to he deplored is that a woman wbo endeavours to keep her purity is almost of necessity fore doomed to failure in her career. It is an awful thing to say, and it is still more terrible that it is true, but no one who knows the life of the green room will dare deny it. More I need not say ; I could give chapter and verse for my authority by the dozen, but it would avail no good purpose, and, Indeed, it would not be very savoury reading. All I can say- is that I marvel at any mother who allows her daughter to take up the theatrical career, and still more am I astonished that any man should calmly endure that his wife should become an actress, unaccompanied by himself. He must be either a fool or a knave. Nor do I see how a woman is to escape contamination in one form or another. Temptation Surrounds her in Every Shape and on Every Side ; her prospects frequently depend upon the nature and extent of her compli ance, and, after all, human nature is very weak. 1 know I shall have the old, old saying thrust down my throat that to the pure all things are pure ; but surely by now that phrase must have lost its power. No one is pure, no one is beyond temptation, and it is unwise in the last degree to expose a young girl- to the inevitable conse- quences of a theatrical life. ' "Two things I want to be made cdear "(1) That is is quite possible to lead a good life on the stage. Thousands do. Miss —, for Instance. is as good a woman as ever lived. But the fact that many do lead good lives does not remove the great temptations from the weaker brethren. ' (2) That I am not a canting prig or a Pharisee who makes broad his phylacteries, and says, ' Thank God, I am not as other men are.' The temp tation of the stage is, and has been, quite as bad for me as for anyone else, If not worse. It would disorder any life and shipwreck any tempera ment however religious, to have your whole mind devoted to the showy and the alluring for thirty-seven years." "Well," I replied, "I said all this some years ago in a paper which I read be fore the Playgoers' Club, and I had the satisfaction of being the only per son In the room who held those theories. Nor could I get them to understand that I spoke not as a clergyman, nor even as one of the Puritans, but simply as a man of the world, who found it impossible to close his eyes to self-evident facts." The Insatiable Vanity of Actors. "Precisely," replied my host; "and probably your hearers in their heart of hearts agreed with every word you told, but the truth is rarely palatable, and he who speaks it is hunted down, as I have found to my cost often enough. ' My prophets have preached smooth things, and My people 'love to have it so.' Never was there a truer verse written. The voice cry- ing in the wilderness is always the voice of the fanatic, but the fanatic has an awkward habit of being right in the end, and my only consolation is that frequently enough the fanatic of to-day is the person whom all ac cept to- morrow. The worst of the theatrical profession," he continued "is that it induces the vain and egotistical that is in all of us to a degree that would be scarcely credited by the out sider. Actors, and very particularly actresses, cannot bear a word of dis praise, as I have frequently said. You may lie in praise of an actress till your very soul is blackened ; but once tremble in the confines of veracity, and your life is a burden to you from that hour. I have letters, literally by the hundreds, here which I have received during the last thirty years, letters which are full of the foulest abuse, and which bear the names of some of the best-known 'theatrical people of the day. How I could be revenged if I were to publish them !" he said, with a smile, as he folded up one which he had handed to me, and which bore the name of an exceed ingly distinguished actress, one whom, at the same time, no one, however, ignorant of society, would ever dream of classing as a lady. "Yes," he continued, "unless you feed their insatiable vanity with con tinual praise, the average actor, and, still more, the average actress, counts you as their bitterest enemy. There are, of course, brilliant exceptions to tills rule ; men and women who would be ornaments to any society in the world or to any profession, but the majority are as I have described them ; but, indeed, this is the merest platitude; it is so well known and so universally acknowledged that it is al most waste of time and paper to re iterate it. It only goes to prove the truth of what I say that there is no school on earth so bad for the forma tion of character, or that so readily, so quickly, and so inevitably, Draws out all That is Worst in Man on Woman as the Stage. And I think the English stage is the worst, for, as a matter of fact, tbe English are tbe least artistic people, and are more completely without the saving grace of humour than any na tion in the world, and so the more readily make themselves ridiculous." All these things— for I suppose a word concerning the personality and the surroundings of tbe most popular dramatic critic of the day will not be without considerable interest to my readers— all these things were said in a very pretty little study, strewn with tbe records of a varied and pictur esque career for Mr. Clement Scott has travelled far and wide, and, as I can testify from my own personal ex perience, in almost every quarter of the globe his reputation is in the mouths of frequently the most unex pected people. Little Japanese men— though they profess to like the truth, and nothing but the truth. to be spoken about their country— have told me that for what he said of them they will never forgive him ; people in far-off Indian bungalows still retain the memory of the advent of this citizen of the wide world into their quiet midst with all his stories of a life so different from their own. He is talked of in America and in Australia as familiarly as he is re ferred to here in London. Never mind where I go, it is invariably the same, and praise is mingled with blame — for no strong man is without his detrac tors : he wouldn't be strong if he were —but all acknowledge the still won- derfully youthful-looking man to be one of the ablest persons they have ever met. And, indeed, that this is so no one can deny. Conceive for one moment to yourself what it means to witness a lengthy first-night perform ance of a piece by perhaps a new author, and then to quit the theatre to hurry in the dead of night to a news paper office and there to pen within sixty minutes a column of small print for the "Daily Telegraph," which not only shall acutely, accurately and fairly place the whole plot before you. justly and fearlessly award each player his meed of praise or blame, but shall at the same time be full of ' reference to the most recondite plays and playwrights that have been known or read or acted since the drama first came to light in the golden days of ancient Greece. To use a slang phrase of the day, " that takes some doing," but Clement Scott does it. does it prac tically every week or more of his life. The explanation of this is to be found partly, if not mainly, in the fact that he is the son of the well-known vicar of Christ Church. Hoxton. who. in his day. was not only a very erudite divine, but also an experienced writer and journalist, and partly also he owes it to his having been educated at Marl borough in the days when a good classi cal education without which no man can be a literary man in the highest sense of the word, was a sine qua non. Not only as a critic is he known, he is a playwright himself, he is author, he is poet. Do you know that charming song " The Midshipmite ?" Clement Scott wrote it. Did you read his " Cry of the Clerk." which appeared some years ago in full in the "Times? Do you remember the paean he sang in praise of the women of Mumbles Head ? Frequently, when I have been far out on some lonely sea. the programme of the concert that serves so frequently to while away the monotony of tbe lojog voyage has. printed on its back, tlie lines on behalf of the lifeboat ser vice which he penned once while travel ling home from America, In addition, he Is one of the best descriptive repor ters of the day. as was evidenced by his account of the great procession on Jubilee Day. when he excelled even his own record in the columns of the Daily Telegraph." But to return to our theatrical muttons. Having dis cussed the inside run of the theatre pretty thoroughly, and in a manner which will probably make the hair of some people stand on end. and which not improbably will considerably tend to the forcible thinning of our own. I suggested to Mr. Scott that we should turn the limelight upon the stage itself —that is. the stage that the public sees. And said I — "What do you think of what is known nowadays as The Problem Play and how far do you think it is either understood or appreciated by the great B.P.. which, I suppose your paper may be sold most thoroughly of all the journals of the day to represent and to specially cater for ?" "Well," replied my host, " what is a problem play ? That is what I have never been able to discover satisfac torily. My contention is that the play you witness ou the stage after dinner should never exceed the limits of decency you allow at dinner. But the idea of the problem-play people ap pears to be that the theatre is a place where any nasty subject can be dis cussed without fear or shame. Take that infamous play of Ibsen's— ' Ghosts.' What is a young girl to think of that ? You are writing for a religious paper : very well, let me tell yon that the reason Ibsen has so sig nally failed in pleasing the British pub lic is that he has ignored the great fact that as a role the majority of English playgoers are people who have not lost their faith. The pit and the gallery, who practically decide the fate of a new play, are those who still retain the old faith : while the men who write or criticise are freethinkers practically, who are frying to force things before their time. Young Oxford, Toynbee Hall, won't read my criticisms, for the simple reason that I write them for the old-fashioned denizens of pit and gallery who still believe that there is a God. Ibsen fails because he is, I sup pose, an atheist, and has not realised what the great backbone of religion means to the English race. He fails because his plays are nasty, dirty, im- pure, clever if you like, but foul to the last degree, and healthy-minded Eng lish people don't like to stand and sniff over an ash-pit. Robertson's 'Caste,' which has just been revived after nearly thirty years survives simply be cause it is one of those sweet, pure romances over which people love to linger. But your average playgoer— religious to his inmost being, even though he may scarcely be conscious of it himself— has no liking for these modern problem plays. Once they are played they are dead, can never be revived. A success which is founded on pruriency and curiosity is bound to be short- lived. The success that lasts is that which deals with the loftier side of human nature. In all my 37 years of criticism I have never known a success of curiosity, if I may so term it, to survive its first outburst. Even with our own great playwrights you will find that this is so. Mr. Pinero will be remembered by the delicate fragrance of ' Sweet Lavender.' and not by the ' Second Mrs. Tanqueray.' Mr. Carton's ' Liberty Hall ' will long survive his ' Tree of Knowledge.' now running at the Criterion. Problem plays are not on the increase, for on the whole they have never paid, and they never will. Playwrights, if they are to succeed, must remember, first of all that the English public of all classes is a decent one, and, secondly that the great majority are made up of those in whose lives religion— the simple faith of other days— is a very great factor, and a very dominant note. Believe me, it is no good trying to an tagonise your audience. From the lowest point of view— in this case the view of the box-office— it never pays." Religious Plays. " And what do you think. Mr. Scott of the religious or semi-religious play, which we have several times of late seen enacted in our midst ? The ' Pil grim's Progress.' for instance, and The Sign of the Cross ? " " Well." he replied. " they are good in their way, and very well meant, but I cannot say I think they have much of a future, nor do 1 think for one moment that it would be desirable that they should have. "Where are you to stop ? Look at Francois Coppee's ' Le Pater '—where a woman says the Lord's Prayer on the stage. That will distress many people. You cannot en list the stage on the side of religion. Ttv as you may. Imagine producing the Ober-Aramergau Passion play in London. It would be too horrible : a religious play inevitably offends. Of course, the producers of it say they do it with a good motive. Rubbish ! It is done in the hope that it will bring money to the manager's pocket. That is the only reason, and that of itsnlf is sufficient argument against it. Plays concerning honor, purity, and the like are well enough. Dumas' ' Denise.' for instance, teaches the beautiful les son of a man's charity to an erring woman, but dogma and drama are im possible companions. The play with a good moral has always been with us, and often docs great good. You know." he continued with a laugh. " ' The Tic- ket-of-Leave Man' is said to have con verted hundreds of thieves from the error of their ways. And. mind you. I do feel tins, as every sensible jjerson must acknowledge, tlie stage, with care and cautiou, could be a great teacher. Where better than in a thoughtful play could we learn thn lesson of loyalty iu men and chivalry towards women ?" " Now, Mr. Scott," said I. after a short pause. " how far do you think that the stage, like King Arthur's Round Table, should bo a mirror oi the mighty world ?" ' It never can be." was the emphatic reply. " People would laugh at it. The stage is too hopelessly out of focus with real life : it is cssemially ideal, with tlie touch of romance upon it. To be absolutely true to life would be absurd. If men and women talked as they do in real life. It would be bathe- ic \he V">i . -i'veree. .-ind ?noct- horribly dull : frerides. there would bo 110 time foi Stage action Is too rapid ; el! the convtrJious are against it. The stage is far more natural thon h used to be: j' 1 1 n cut out much bombast and high falutin' and theatrical rub- bisb. ami is all the hotter f v J' : but a> ,r' nnyihing rii- r .ih-ii ;. ir is im- i i»os-ihU.\ There iiiijsi always he vn cletm-M of caricature, or. at least, of exnggirmio". I wns reading 4 $c«aniv and Lilies' to my wife Li- st. night, and very beautiful it was, but I couldn't help saving to her—' If we all talked like that, what pedantic asses we should be.' . I am sorry." continued my host, us I rose to go. " that one has so utterly to condemn all hope of union between religion and the stage, but as things stand it is ridiculous even to suggest such a thing. Many of our ablest actors and actresses would be only too glad if it were possible, but one and all recognise tlie itopelessuess of making the attempt. Not even the Church and Stage Guild will ever bring it ajout. What I have said to you will probably give great offence to certain people, but they are just the people T should not care about in the least, and. after all. no one will put the cap on unless it fits them, and I should think that if they do fiud it fits they will, at least, have the good worldly sense to keep such a fact to them- selves. And to speak the truth now and again Is a greater relief than you could possibly imagine. " 1 referred just now to tHat extra- ordinary society, the Church anil Stage Guild. And extraordinary it is. for though ir is full of good intentions. , yet everyone who knows tlie stage must realise how absolutely futile any ntt«nmr tnusr be which strives to re- concile the two. 1. a man of the world, agree with the Puritan party that re- ligion and the stage have nothing in common. Indeed, I go further, and say that one would weaken the other. , The stage is of the earth, earthly— very earthly. The Church is spiritual— or so she is supposed to be. No one in Ills senses really believes that she in fluences the stage, while it is patent to the most casual onlooker that the union would not in the least benefit the Church. Cardinal Manning, at one end of the religions scale, hated the theatre : the Puritan. Wesleyan or Baptist minister detests it at the other, and the philosophic man of the world, with an equal knowledge of human nature, stands between them, and says that they are each right. It has been well said that science and religion run upon parallel lines, but that they will never meet, and that all attempts to reconcile the two are hopeless. The same statement In another sense is true of religion and the stage. They are and they must ever remain as widely separated as the poles them selves." 