DREAMS THAT CAME TRUE.' HOW ? MURDERERS WERE TRACKED. | Strange as ib may now appoar, it is nevertheless a fact that in tho past dreams. ] signs, and portents played no inconsider able pait in our law coutbs, and the reports of bho sixteenth nnd seventeenth centuries are brimful of references thereto. In con nection with dreams, perhaps one of the moat remarkable trials, certainly of later days, was that in connection with the slay-, ing of Maria Martin, or the murder of the Red Barn, in which the murderer was dis covered wholly and solely through the means of information gained through a dream. The victim of the murder was the duughter of a mole catcher, who possessed far more beauty and education than young women of her class. NeedlesB to say she was the cause of muoh jealousy, and among her lovers was a rich young man named John Corder, by whom she was seduced and then abandoned. In turn, William Cordey, John's brother, appeared, upon the scene, and under promise of marriage Maria was again betruyed ; aud afterwards finding thab she was bo become a mother, she prayed her betrayer to carry out his promise. This, however, was nob to the taste of William Corder, who, under promise of a secret marriage, made arrangements with the, girl to meet him ab a red barn on his mother's farm, whence they would leave for a neighbouring town and get married. The girl met him as arranged, when he shob and buried her beneath the flooriri^of tho barn. William Corder then disappeared, and returning ufter a few days, told Mr. and Mrs. Martin that the marriage had taken place, and that their daughter was living at Ipswich. Some months elapsed, bhe barn wherein the body was buried was filled with corn, and as no tidings came from the young woman, Corder gave as a reason thab she had hurb her righb hand, and bherefore could nob write to her parents, shortly ufter which Corder left the neighbourhood. Some bitne later, Mrs. Martin dreamed bhab her daughter had been murdered by Corder and buried in the barn, und so frequently was the dream re peated that in the end the woman per suaded her husband to get the grain re moved, aud to dig'ut bhe spot indicated in the dream, which he did, 'when the body was immediately discovered aud iridenbi fied. Suspicion naturally pointing to Cor der, he wa9 traced to London, where he was found married to a schoolmistress, on whose earnings he was living. He was arrested, found guilty, and duly executed, the meting out of justice in this instance being entirely due to a dream. DREAM EVIDENCE. Harking back somewhat we find that in 1751 an Irish murderer was convicted largely upon dream evidence. One Rogers, a Waterford publican, dreamed that he saw a man murder another in a particular green spob on the summit of a neighbour ing mounbain. On bhe following day he described both men he had seen in his dream with perfect accuracy, which he did to many of his companions. One of the men was exceptionally strong ; ' the other, who committed ths crime, was weak and small. Rogers at length prevailed upon the parish priest to accompany him to thel-pot, which was easily found, but which bore no traces of a death struggle. On iho follow ing day, however, two men entered the publiohouse whose appearance tallied | exactly with those in the dream vision When they rose to leavo Rogers begged the one whom he expected to be murdered to remain, bub unavailingly. After the man had loft he nearly fainted from fright, and in tho end persuaded a neighbour to ac company him to the green spot on the hill, where, sure enough, the tragedy of the dream had boon enacted in real life. The murderer was tracked and captured and Rogers was the principal witness against him. His description of his dream was so vivid that the prisoner immediately ac knowledged his guilt, and stated that he killed his companion with eight stabs, ex actly as pictured in tho dream. In 1810, at Frankfort, in Germany, a woman named Kraeme made aDnlication to a local judge to be sworn, as she had some information bo impart relating to a murder committed in a remoto village in Russia, many days' journey from her German domi cile. Her story ran thus : — Ten years be fore her only son left home. She heard nothing of him, and had no idea aball where he was living until the night) beforoj when his spiritappeared to her and told her what she now hastened to relate. The revelation was that after leaving home the young man had wandered about Europe till he had finally found work in bhe village of Klaf in Russia. Here he had fallen in love with -a serfs daughber who had a Russian beau. On tho preceding night bhis latter had inveigled the young Teuton into tho country, where he had stabbed him, and then concealed the body in a cave of! tho highway. The Judge was so impressed with the description that he forwarded ib bo a notary in Klaf. In the meantime Karl Kraeme had boon missed, and on receipt of tho dream story the police searched for the cave, found it exactly located as describod, and also found the body with a wound corresponding with that detailed in the vision. Tho murderer was at once arrested, and the widow Kraeme undertook the long journey to avenge hor son's death. Her recital in court was vivid in the extreme, and. she screamed with fright when she first saw the prisoner, whom she picked oub from a crowd of men in a dimly lighted coll She also identified bho woman who was the causo of tho troublo.* INDIAN VISIONS. Touching haunted houses, we may re call an incident familiar enough at he be. ginning of the century, when 44 The Memoirs of a Thug ' was in everybody's hands, but remembered by fow probably at this date. Major General Slcomah, captain at that time, was travelling up country with his wife. He encamped in a pretty grove of mangos near Sangor. At mid night Mrs. Sleeman awoko screaming. In a dream she saw scores of naked corpses rice from the earth at the bodside. Her husband calmed her, and she slept again ; but tho dream returned and io painfully was she agitated that it became necessary to strike tho camp a little after midnight, Captain Sleeman reported this incident to Meadow? Taylor, who was then directing his famous campaign against tho Thugs, Ho questioned one of tho approvers, who recog nised the description of bhe mango topo nearSangoi, at once Several victims had been buried there. Taylor bad tho ground dug, and thoy turned up, if wo romombor rightly, tho bones of soventeon persons. This is one of the best ghost stories extnnb, because indubitably authentic. Ab tho same time ib is easily explained, Mrs. Sleeman had boon hearing bhe frightful evidence published from day to day at that bimo, when bhe Thugs had just boon discovered. She knew bhab they liubitually buried theic victims in groves, and that night she chanced to bo in the uervous'con dition when wuking thoughts tako Bhape as dreams. The famous regiment once known as the 74th Highlanders has a legend handod down for three generations at least. A captain, whose name escapes us, was writ ing in his tent ab Sholapore, whon a young soldier in hospital garb entered. 11 Pleuso, sir, I wish to have my arrears sent bo my mobher. Will you kindly bake down bho address t' The officer did so without thinking : whon he looked up tho visitor was gone* Thon it struck him that this was very irregular. He called the ser geant, who informed him that the young man in question had died in hospital the day before, leaving an unusual sum of money, and that the address of his friends could not be discovered. It is alleged that a report of these facts, drawn up thero and then, still exists. 