A CKOST IN THE FENS. IS Some straDjo pbenomma Ihvu la-en start* -'^ ling the. district of tbe gieit leu lif t.1 of Hun- : ; J tmgdoufchire aud Cambridge*! in . It nppeaxi - ':i that in Tick Fin s liiirosay magistrate h«s» . .. /:i( iarm, at thu extremity of wlii- h, f, r away frrr» .'A snj otLer buildings, live a houstkci per named ' ?towlhau. Lit wiFi, nn'l a bed-ridden daughter. : The cottage is a typical fee pLanty of. wood and thalcb, und adjoii.ing it is a similar teae mmt. occupied by the farm foreman, Levitt and hia wile. Miss Rowtbap, wbo in 18 yeirs oS aue. and has bt-cn confined to her bed for nearly t weive months. *it pt in a room ntar tbe tbitcb, her bedstead resting against the gable end of tbo roof . At twelve o'clock one night gentlo rappiugsngainst l:er bed wire beard, and »s the wa 1» aie wooden the noi.si- wan mare apparent. At firxt thu sound came in ssqurnces ui tbit e hi d four incrt-nninj to xix and 86Ven at . u timb, aud groiring louder as they proceeded. Tht-n they ceased lor it space, and recom meuct-d morn vigorously, until they wore hoard by tbe n- xfc door urighbours — according to one repoit, at a tarmbbuso 500 ynrds off. Tho mother and father, at rent in the samo room, were also alarmed, but lor a time did nothing, thinking the manifestations would cease. These instead increased, until tbe *' ghosts ' became so noisy us to alrnoit threaten a terrific crash. Nothing whs tu be seen, though it was clear and ataili^bt, and tbe disturbance con tinued to ring out across the fens. The r»p piogx occurred at intervals until dawn On the following night, tLouirh at a different time, a rrpetition of tbe phenomena oc curred. Meanwiiiie the inmates, who hod sufleri-u the mysterious vffair in silence, bad determined upon decisive action. -Ju the third night the father, taking a loaded gnu, went outside the building, but the rap pings against ttie gablo were renewed more vigorously than ever. Starch parties were organised, but everyone rt-muiued bafflsd. The countryside began to talk, aud watch parties assembled ia tbe cottngts until morning, but thn pulsatroni continued whilst eyes were fired on the very spat on which the invisible blows were siven. The landlord's e*tato bailiff, together with a compasioD, kept vigil in the bouse from midnight till three, the noises bung repeated with the greatest freedom. Hundred? of people have visited the placu.Bud solicitors, merchants, aad others frem tbe surrounding district ha vo made critical eljmiualiou of the bouse, but V without bting able to give a plausible reason for the mvsterious sounds. 