AS A MAN LIVES. By E. PHILLIPS OPPENHE1M, Author of "False Evidence," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER IX. By some meatia or other tho news had spread in the village, and such a congregation aa I had never seen filled our little church long before the usual time. In a dark corner I saw, to my surprise, Bruce Deville leaning against a pillar with folded arms ; and on my way to my pew I passed Adelaide Fortress seated in a chair in the nave. Neither of these two had I aver seen in church before, and what had brought tLcm there on that particular evening 1 never clearly understood. It was a little i foilv of fate—one of those impulses which it is hard to believe are altogether coincidences. The Bishop camo early and sat by Lady Naselton's eide. the cwntre of all eyes. I looked away from hiia to tha chancel. I was strangely nervous. It was still dimly lit, although the bells had ceased to ring. There was only a moment's pause, however; then tho little space was tilled with whiterobed figures, and my sister's voluntary, unduly prolonged in this instance, died away in a few soft chords. I drew a long breath of relief ; everything was going as usual. Perhaps, aftor ail, this night might be a fateful one to us. I watched the Bishop's face from the first. I saw him glance up as if in surprise at my fathei's rich, musical voice, which woke the echoes of the dark little church with the first words of the service. At tbe singing—which ( was always wretched—he frowned, "and catching a sideway glance from Lady NaseltonJ smiled somewhat.. Studying him through; hal£-clbsed eyelids I decided that country services in the abstract did' not attract him, and that he was a little bored. It was only when my father stood up in the pulpit and looked around him in that moment or two of husliud suspense which precdes the giving out of the text that the lines of hi? face relaxed, and he settled himself down with an air of interest. For me it was a terribly anxious moment. I knew my father's state of health, and I remembered tho few weary and pointless worda which had gone to make his morning sermon. Contrary to his usual custom he stood there without any notes of any sort. I 6cai-eely dared to hope that he would be able to do himself justice; yet the first words of his text had scarcely left his lips when somo premonition of what was to come sent a strange thrill through all my nerves—"The wages of sin is death." No words could give any idea of tiie marvellous yet altogether effortless solomnity with which the words passed from my father's lips. Scarcely utttred above a whisper, they yet penetrated to the utmost oorners of the little church. Was it really intense earnestness, or a wonderful knowledge and appreciation of true dramatic effect, which made him close the book with a slow movement of bis forefinger, and stand up thsre amongst the deep shadows as pale as the surplice which hung around bis pale form? Yet when he spoke his voice did not tremble or falter. His words, tenso with life, all vibrating with hidden fire, penetrated easily to the furthest and darkest corners of the building. " Tho wages of sin—th® eternal torment of a conscience never sleeping, never weary!" It was of that he went on to speak. 1 can scarcely remember so much as a single sentence of that sermon, although its effect upon myself and those who formed the congregation of listeners is a memory which even now thrills mo. From those few opening words, pregnant as they were with dramatic force and lit with the fire of true eloquence, not for one moment did the attention of the little congregation wander. A leaf could have been heard ' to drop in the church, tho rustle of a pockethandkerchief was a perfectly audible sound. Not even a child looked side way B to watch the dark ivy waving softly against the stained - glass windows or wondered at the strange pattern which a ray of dying sunlight had traced upon the bare stone aisles. There was something personal — something like the cry of human sorrow itself in that slow, passionate outpouring. Was it by any chance a confession or an accusation to which we were listening? It was on the universality of sin of which my fathor spoke with such heart-moving emphasis. Our lives were like cupboards having many chambers, some of which were open indeed to the daylight and the g&ze; of all men, but there-were others jealously closed and locked. We could make their outside beautiful ; we couid keep the eyes of all men from penetrating beneath the fair exterior. We could lock them with a cunning and secret key, so that no hand save our own could lay bare the grisly spectre that lurked within. Yet our own knowledge, or what we had grown to call conscience, sat in our hearts and mocked us. Sometimes the great white light swept into the hidden places, there was a tug at our lieartstiir.trs, and beheld the seal had fallen away; and in that church," my father added slowly, " he doubted whether any one could say that within him thdse dark places were not." Suddenly his calm, tense eloquence became tc-uched with passion. His paie face gleamed, aud hia eyes were lit with an inward fire. Gesture and tone moved to the beat of a deeper and more subtle rhetorie. He was pleading for those whose sin beat about in their bosoms and lay like a dark shadow across all the sweet places of life. Passionate and more passionate he grew. He was pleading—tor whom ? We listened entranced. His terriole earnestness passed like an electric thrill into the hearts of all of us. Several women were crying softly; men sat there with bowed heads face to face with ghosts long since buried. Bruce Deville was sitting back in his corner with folded arms and downcast head. Adelaide Fortress was looking steadfastly up towards that pale, inspired ficrure with soft, wet eyes. Even the Bishop was deeply moved, and was listening to every word. For my part there was a great lump in my throat. The sense of some terrible reality behind my father's impassioned words had left me pale and trembling. A subtle sense of excitement stole through the church. When he paused for a moment before his concluding sentence there was something like a murmur amongst the congregation, followed by another period of breathless suspense. In the midst of that deep hush a faint sound attracted me. JMy Beat was on a level with the open door, aud I glanced out. A man was leaning asainst the porch—a man in very grievous condition. His clothes were disordered and torn*$Siid* there was a great stain on the front of Lis coat. I alone had gazed away from the preacher in tho pulpit towards him, and whilst I looked tbe sound which had first attracted me was repeated. A low, faint moan, scarcely louder than a whisper, passed from between hia lips. He stood there supporting himself with his hands against the wall. His lined face was turned towards me, aud with a thrill of horror 1 recognised him. I half-rose from my seat. The man was either ill or dying. He seemed to be making frantic signs to me. I tried my utmost to signal to Mr. Gliarlsworth, but, like all the rest, his eyes seemed riveted upon the pulpit. Before I could leave my seat or attract any one's attention he had stagsrered through tho door into the church itfeelf. He stood leaning upon a vacant chair—a wild, disordered object, with bloodstains upon his hands and ciothes, and his dark eyes red and gleaming ficrcalv beneath his wind-tossed mass of black hair. So fascinated was the congregation that save myself ODly one or two stray people Intd noticed him. Ho stood amongst the shadows, and only I, to whom his profile appeared against the background of the open door, was able, to mark the full and terrible disorder of his person; aud while I wiited, numb with some nameless fear, the preacher's voice rang once more through the building, and men and women bowed their heads before tho aweet, lingering passion of those sad words. "Tho wages of sin is death, for all things may pass away save sin Sin alone is eternal; sin alone must stamp itself wherever it touches with an undying and everlasting mark. Re; tribution is like "the tides of the sea, which no man's hand can stay, and Death rides his barque upon the rolling waves. You and I and everv man and woman in this world wl :om sin has known—alas that there should be so many !—have looked into his marble face, have felt the touch of his pitiless hands and tho cold despair of his unloving embrace; for there is Death spiritual anil Death physical, and many of us who bear no traces of our past in the present of to-day have fought our grim battle with the death —the death " And then mv father's words died away upon his lips, and tho whole congregation knew what had already thrown me into sueh an acjony of terror. The man bad staggered to the bottom o£ the aisle, and tho sound of his shuffling movements and the deep groan which accompanied them had drawn manv eyes towards him. His awful plight stood revealed with pitiless distinctness in the open Snace where he was now stauding. The red blood dripped from his clothing upon tho bare stone floor, a foam which was like the foam of death frothed at his lips. He stood there, the focus of all horrified eyes, swaying to and fro as though 011 the eve of collapse, his arm 3 outstretched, and his eve3 flashing red firo upon the thin, almost spectral-lilce figure of the preacher, now leaning over towards liim from the pulpit. Tho slight colour flashed into mv father's cheeks by the physical effort of his inipassioned oratory died awav. To his very lips he was white as the surplice he wore, yet he did not loso his nerve or falter for a moment. He motioned to Mr. Charlsworth aud the other churchwarden, and both loft their places and hurried down the aisle towards the wild, tragical-looking figuro. Just as they reached him the cry which his lips hail twice declined to utter burst out upon the tense, breathless silence. He made a convulsive movement forward as though to spring like a wild cat upon that calm, digniiied figure looking down upon him with unfaltering and unflinching gaze. " Judas!—you Judas! Oh, my God!" His hands, thrown wildly out, fell to his side. He sank back into the arms of ono of those who had hurried from their places at myfather'p gesture. A last cry, more awful than anything I had ever heard, woke hideous echoes amongst the worm-eaten, black oak beams ; and before it bad died away I saw Adelaide Fortress glide like a black wraith from her seat -and fall on her knees by the fainting man's side. My father lifted up his arms, and with a deep, solemn tremor in his tone pronounced the Benediction. Th£h, with his surplice flying round him, he came swiftly down the aisle between the little crowd of horrified people. They all fell back at his approach. He sank on one knee by the side of tho prostrate man and looked steadfastly into his face. The congregation all waited in their places; aud Alice, who was only partly aware of what was going on, commenced to play a soft voluntary. There was some whispering for a moment or two, then they lifted him up and carried the lifeless body into the open air. My father followed close behind. For a few minutes there was an uneasy silence. People forgot that the Benediction had been pronounced, and were uncertain whether to go or stay; then some one made a start, and one by one they got up and lelt the church. Lady Xaselton paused and sat by my Bide for a moment. She was trembling all over. "Do you know who it was?" she whispered. I ehook my head. *" I am not sure. It was a stranger, was it not?" She sbudderod. " It was either a stranger or my guest, Mr. Berdonstein. I only caught a glimpse of his face for a moment, and could not be sure; he looked so horrible." She'paused, and suddenly discovered that- I was half fainting. "Come cut into t:i9 air," she whispered. 1 got up and went out with her just iu time. Ttaay had carried him into a distant corner " the churchyard. My father, when he saw us standiug together in a little group, eame slowly over as though to check our further advance. His face was haggard and drawn; he seemed to walk with difficulty, and -underneath his surplice I could see that one hand was pressed to his side. "The man is dead,"he said quietly. "There must have been an accident or a light. iNo one seems to know where he came from." I wonder," remarked the Bishop thoughtfully, "why he should have dragged himself up to the church in such a plight. One of those cottages or the vicarage would have been nearer." "Perhaps," my father answered gravely, "he was struggling for sanctuary." And the BLshoj} hold up his right hand towards the sky with a solemn gesture. " God grant that he may have found it!" he prayed. (To be continued on Saturday.) 