CREW SAVED BY A CHOST. Many struago incidents occur at sea, but none more so than that wbioh befell Captain Benner, of the brig Mohawk, a small vessel engaged in the West Indies trade. After leaving 8t. Thomas, her last port of call, on one voyage the brig was steering a north-westerly course, homeward bound, beating up under Bbort canvas against high winds and heavy seas following in the wake of a hurricane which had traversed tbe tropics five or six days before. Her saptain, who had been some hours on dock, went below at midnight after directing the first officer, who was on watch, to keep the course then steered, and to call him in case of any changoforthe worse in tbe weather. He lay down upon a sofa in tbo main cabin, but as the brig's boll struck twice, became conscious of the figure of a man, wearing a green sou'wester, standing beside him in the dim light of Llin cabin lamp. Then be heard tho words—"Cliaiige your course to the sou'weet, captain." Captain Benner got up and went on deck, where he found that tho weather had moderated aud that the brig was carrying more Bail and making better headway. Ho asked tho mate on duty why he had eent down to call him, to which that officer replied that lie bad not done so. The captain, fancying that he had been dreaming, went back to the cabin, but he was disturbed Boon again by a second visit from the man in the gJoen sou'wester, who repeated his previous order and vanished up tlie companionway. The captain, now thoroughly aroused, jumped up and pursued the retreating figun, but saw no one until hemeltbe mute on watch, who insisted that he bad not Bent any messenger below. Mystified and perplexed, Captain Benner returned to the cabin only to see his singular visitor reappear, to hear him repeat the order to change the course to sou'-west, with the added warning—" If you do not it will soon be too late!" and to see him disappear as before. Going on deck he gave the necessary orders for the ohange in the ship's course to southwest. The officers of the brig were not only surprised, but also indignant, and finally determined to seise their captain and put him in irons,wben, soon after daybreak, the lookout forward reported some object dead ahead, As the veseel kept on it was made out to be a ship's ijoat. As it ranged abeam it was seen to contain four men lying under its thwarts, one of whom wore a green fiou'weeter. Tbe Mohawk was promptly hove to, a boat lowered, and tbe castaways taken in. The castawayB proved to be the captain and throe men, the only survivors of the crew of a vessel which had gone down in the hurricane. and tbey bad boen drifting helplessly without food for five or six days. The green sou'wester was the property of the rescued captain. A few days later when he bad recovered sufficiently to be able to leave his berth, he was sitting one day in the main cabin of thu brig with Captain Benner. He suddenly asked liis host whether he believed in dreams. " Since 1 have been here," be continued, " I have been thinking how familiar this cabin looks. I think that I have boen hero before. In tho niglit before you picked me up I dreamed that 1 camc to you here in this cabin and told you to change your courBD to sou'west. The first time you took no notice of me, and t cumc the second time in vain; but tlie third time you changcd your course, and I woke to find your ship alongside of us." Then Captain Benner, who bad noticed the resemblance of the Bpeaker to hiB mysterious visitor, told hiB own story of tbat night. 