' R IWHAT DiVERS' SEE. :tcI ihad been a boy in the BritishlxXavy said AndromCanmeron to a writer in the Clhicago Inter-)Ocean," but at the age of 18 (the pro o ibed ago) I took the position of torpedo diver M1y first real diving experience 'was off Trincomalee. Isle of Ceylon. lThe mail bbat flnkow had capsized, anrid all hands on board wern drowned.w e . :-The daughter of the Governor of that island had been to England, and was going home on this ship. I was at Singapore at the time; and wlas sent for by Admiral Ryder, to recover the mails and bring the bodies bick. WVhen I had got up about everything, and all the luggage and bodies I could find I was informed that the Gover nors daughter was still missing. SAthst I found her in a small state-room, where she had been sitting with her satchel in her hanid,ready to go ashore. I had no thought'of finding anyone in the roomn,as the ports'sere shut, whereas all the rest of the esis° were open. Upon entering the door, as troig circulating current was caused, and in an instant the life-line body rose at ome with a bound. Perfectly dazed, I finally cane to the surface. When they saw me the 'men cried: "Scotty has seen a ghost." ?Vhen I recovered a little bit, 1 said: " You had better go down yourself and find the host." Then they told me that my hair was'white, and I went to a glass and saw my Lhair, which had beetn very black, had in -tantly changed and was half wlhite. 1 was the only .diver there, so that as soon as I was able I weont down and brought up the body. Mysecond diving operation was off the Isle of Wight. H.1.S. Eurydice sank and 500 boysaand men were drowned, only two men hivingescaped. Your humble servant being at Portsmoutlh at the time. I was telegraphed to go dloiwn and get the bodies, etc. -1' pio ceeded with the work, raising them by means of a heavy case, with iron binding. . The work was at is depth of twenty fathoms, and: the sight of the hatchlways leading down to thie main deck jammed.with the men, as they had rushed together to get up, waIs the vilent I hiave ever seen. It" was necessary to separate them one by one, and .pais them to my mate. The work had to be done, carefully, as they would slip away if mioerely touihed WVe found mnen sitting at a table actually writing letters to folks at hourne. - ---·-.. ·..· - Ono of ,my experiences aboard the Pene lope was at Alexiidria. TlheCouncil sent word to Ad ir l"lHornby that there were torpedoes arranged todestroy the fleet. One Thursday afternoon-the signal went un for divers to look for. torpedoes, this being at the time of tlhe..bombardmentei of Alexandria. I went down under fire, anrid'it appeared that I issa the'otily man.who reached the bottom. I found a Whitehead torpedo, the most dangerous' kind, with fuse attiached.- 1 did not know what minute it might go off, but without hesitation- I cut the wire witlh pincers. 1- For tlhis act a 'seas .awarded a pension for life. lMy term, of service having expired I returned to Bathgate, and went to work iiia coal-pit. Shortly aftr 1 received a telegram to pro ceedl to Boness, Scotland. and go down a pit and open a trap dloorin a coal-mine, where eight persons were hemmed in by a torrent of water.. Beforo 'going down I hadil to get diingl gear. ;1 could not getagood dress. but as there were lives atestake. I went at a greatrisk. I got within thirty yards of the victims and cut away at the dloor; but I was in- alisoluto 'darkness, and the rushling water drdw mle iaway. .1 then managed to tie myself to a post . with the life-line, and proceeded. This ilood-wansd aused by the water from an old mine near by finding its way to the new one. The boy stationed .at. the trap-door wheretlite timbes are raised had gone to sloop. aria thle mire ri; -orkiri¢.uP nn. inalin«I.Ltt wern neswsnrnes or tile oiiconmog flood. As the shaft filled thememnvere out-off from the main shaft, as: tlhey could not get over the hutchles,'the road being very narrow. After going up for a spell,.I returned. to find one of the men' sitting near a glinmmer ing light, and a boy crying. As I approachedl tlhey both ran back, thinking I was a devil, althought tried to motion to them. I found a spike- nail, and going all the way out of the water, I removed my mouthpiece. This was rather dangerous, as my guide mighlt have drawn me into the water. ' When I got it off and talked tothem, they wanted to know what day it was, 'as tlhey hhd been three days without food. 1 then:went to the top of tlhepit and took food to tlhem in atin can... I opened it with my diving-knife, and gave the mena stlmre. There were hundreds of people at the pit waiting for the good word, and I think tlhe first manly thing 1 ever did was to bring this little boy on my shoulder thirty yards thlrough the' darkness and water and send him to-his mother, where a Dr. Kirk took him in land. By this time the water had abated considerably, and I succeeded in get 'tiig all hands out. In three hours more tlhe water would have'filled the shaft where the men were located. Illygreatest feat,which made methecworld's record diver, was at Loch Craig, Inveornese shire, Scotland. It was where the embank ment had given way, a coincidence similar to the recent wreck on the New York Central Iailroad. The heavy supply of rain caused ths embankment to subside about six inches, and the rails being off the level, the embank 'ent gave way and the. engine left the rails and tipped into the water. It was a mineral train, and only the en gine went over, as thle coupling yielded. Drivers failed to go down, as it was 200 feet. I was called from a place called Dole Bay, where I was working for the Northern Lake Company. I proceeded at once to searchl for the two bodies; being a Govertnment cer tificate man I had to go. 1 found I would ineed longer diving tackle. I had buttwo 60ft. lengths. V lienit I sad got more tubing I went down with the three lengths, and landed a short distance from the cogine at the bottonm. I fitted up two iron railway chairs, which I used in making tihe descent. I sank them to tihe bottomt on a coil of twenty-seven rope, and I had to go up nol down it like a monkey. On my Srnt actual descent tlanded on the funnel of the engi'e. I climbed doiwn, and found the engineer stantling with his Isaissi clinched on tile tIriiottle valve. Tue fireiian was standing witi such a ileattli-grip upiso the hland-break-Ithat I foiound it ilillicult to ngt hIlln away. I mname tiicnifasttotlse hue1l 1s'hn tirty minutes. The iceighlt of tle diiings dress is no snall itemn in the work, the nicttal ceigiitbeing 180 lotounds to eary' about, includitig 28 ipound00s on reis fos-. When I tamrle up I swas bileesling at tle ntsse, ears, ansi msoutit, as time meenure onl lly Ibodly isas 84 pounds to time square iscl, ini assldition to the outer lressure of time smater on my body. 