Tills is tho natal day of ouo .who, not- by any act of her ownpbut by. virtue of the position alio holds, is the greatest woman in tlio world, namely, Victoria, Queon of England and Em press of India. To-tlny sho entors upon tho ' 80th year of hor age, and has nearly completed the Gist your of her roign, tho longest in British his tory. Tho ovent is. auspicious, and will bo eolobrated with eclat and en thusiasm wherever tlio English lan guage is spoken, and wherovor tho meteor flag of England waves.- AVhero oithcr is not would be, indeed, hard to tell. British . warships in uearty oyory harbor of tho civilised globe, and in many uncivilised parts, too, will, from the iron throats of their guns, roar forth to the nations, with a wild diapason, that tho Sovereign of hundreds of millions of peoplo lias completed another year of her age. Besides which the peoplo of tho numerous colonies, by military re views, processions, fireworks, and sports gatherings, will give notico to the Powers all ovor that, though tho various units are scattered, the British Empire is mighty and indissoluble. Notwithstanding that Victoria is a Queon, and oven an Empress, it is .worthy of contemplation that she represents a form of Government that is really moie republican than any of the so-called republics. In othor words, under her we havo all the advantages of a republic, without any of its disadvantages. Tho Queon al ways represents tho majority of hor subjects. If tho latter express, through tho ballot box, thoir dis approval of tho acts of tho Ministry of the day, that Ministry immediately resigns, and a Government prepared to carry out the views of the people takes its place. As tho members of tho Ministry in ofiico act on the in structions of tho voters, and as tho Queen iB guided by her Ministers' advice, tho monarch is at nil times in touch with the people. Never can sho for a moment bo otherwise. Vastly different is it with, say, tho President of tho United States. When once elected, ho is practically a des pot for four years. Doubtless there aro some checks, but his right of veto is an enormous power to be placed in the hands of one human being. The importance of tho high position hold by the Queen nmy bo judged by the fact that one-third of humanity salutes her as its rulor, and that a fifth of tho surfnee of tho earth constitutes her dominions, and so diverse are the nationalities under her scoptro that a portion of every one in existence owes her allegiance. Tho ire of the British nation being roused, a stamp of hor foot sets in motion millions of armed men on land, while a wave of her wand causes to assemble 150,000 seamen on tho most powerful fleet the world lias over behold. This, then, is the status of the august lady whom tens of millions to-day honor. Apart from Iler Majesty's own merits as an individual, which aro too well known to need special mention, the progress mado by tho Empire during lier life time, or oven during her reign, has been of almost inconceivable mag nitude, and it is more than likoly that, centuries bonce, speakers and writers will refer to what they will probably designate the " Victorian era " as ono of unexampled advancement. To think of tho inventions during tho period — tho railwa3'S, steamships, clcctrio tolcgraplis, and tho like — i i littlo short of bewildering to the ordi nary brain ; also tho general pushing ahead by the arts and sciences and various kinds of learning ; yet thoy- are nil accomplished facts. Gonenilly. England has been at peace during thn present roign, tho only great war being that in tlio Crimea. This satis factory feature has been largely due to tho personal infiucnco of Her Majesty, who from the first expressed so strong an aversion to bloodshed that she got tho British peoplo into tho habit of leaning on war as only a lost dread resource for tho settlement of an international difficulty. Tho result of tlio good life sho has thus led has causod nor now to bo full, nob only of yours, but also of. honors. At no timo was this moro apparent than abriofolovon months ago, -when tho completion of tlio sixtieth year of her roign was eolobrated "by hor peoplo in all parts of tho world with a burst of enthusiasm so . tromendous that for eigners now rccogniso that picking a .quarrel with hor means picking a quarrol with hpr tluckly-populatcd colonies ns well. So fur us tlio- do mestic lifo of tho Queon is concornod, thoro is now pro30ntcd a spectaclo so unique as probably novor to havo bcon proviously witnessed, namely, , tho reigning sovoroign having living three successors in direct lino — the Brinco of Wales, tho Duko of York, and tho infant Princo Edward of York. This brings ono to tlio mention .of Hor Majesty's own physical condition at tho prcsont timer Sho is now an aged woman of 79 years j to a con siderable extent, owing to a rhoumatie affection, docrcpid, though hor gonoral health is good — so good, in fact, that thoro is no reason why sho should not livo anothor ton years. Doubtless there arc many in tho Australasian, colonies who havo seen hor a vigorous young woman in robust health.. In those days sho was a dashing, brilliant horsewoman, a good walker, and a good sailor. Notwithstanding hor horror of war, sho did not shrink, in tlio days of hor priino, from doing hor sharo when war was forced on hor, and alio roused hor people to a high, pitch of enthusiasm by -reviewing, tlio troop3 at Aldorsliot on horseback boforo thoy wont to tho Crimea, and, after reviewing in hor yacht at Spit- head, tho great fleet under Sir. Charles Napier, which was sonb to tho Baltic, acting under ft sudden "inspiration of tlio moiiiont, directed her captain to steam nlicad of the fleet as it was going out, and, standing on tlio dock waving hor handkcrchipf to tho ten thousand sailors on tho warships, actually led hor fleet to sea — a veritablo sea queen. Tlicso incidents, howovor, belong to. a bygone period, but thoy have not yot lost their effect, and tho good old Queon and Einpross, porforco abandon ing prancing steeds . atid bounding yachts, esconccs herself in tho much moro prosaic confines of a wheol-clmir. Nevertheless, hor- day being, well-nigh run, sho is as fresh as ever in tho minds of hor presont-day subjects, re spected and boloved by all, ;wbo, to gether nv 1th ourselves, hope that sho may for many years yot recline iu tho " old arm-chair," and hear the' for1 vent utterance of "God save tho Queen." " Tub fiasco as regards American mili tary preparations for the invasion of Cuba, as announced in our last cables, is only wlmt might havo beon oxpectcd. The breakdown appears to .be uttor and complete. Tho, Yankees havo long boon credited with boing a smart and 'cuto people, for what reason is hard to say, but. thcro docs not appear to bo much 'cutoncss in starting to. make war boforo ono is ready. In a recent loading article wo pointed out that what has now happened would in all probability eventuate. Tho United States Government., was absolutely going into a conflict without having in its possession an army 1 Thc)f had a navy, but that could at best bo said to only about oquul that of thoir oppo- nents. Now tlioy have been brought to a rudo awakening. Their so-called voluntcors— thoy are not volunteers j it is only n name that is given to a species of. rosorvo forco to support tho regular army— aro Rot equipped to -take tlio field, ono illustration beiug givon of thoir unreadiness that one regiment of cavalry are without horses, also that not a brigade of infantry is in marching condition. America will now bo made alivo xto tho fact that if is an orror to look upon mere soldiers as an army, or upon mere men as soldiers. Men to bo useful as soldiers, in these' days of. complicated fighting machines, must bo thoroughly trained as such. Evon thou thoy are com paratively useless unless they arc pro: vided with proper clothing, camp equipage, tkc. Nono of these mnttcrs appear to have beon thought of by the "'cuto" Yankees. Wo had a shrewd: suspicion of wlmt was tho matter at tho commencement of the war, when, with a great amount of boasting, the Americans declared.thoy werogoiug to take Havana " with a .run," but soon after looking at it thoy became satis fieri with simply blockading it. With thoir present military forces they might ns well talk about invading the mountains of tho moon. Their regular army numbers only 27,000 men, and certainly not more than half that number could bo sent out of the country. As for their volunteers, it is now known what they are. An idea of their efficiency may bo formed from tho fact that they _aro armed with thirty different kinds of firearms, in- cluding even muzzlo- loading rifles. Smart people, those Yankees ! This is tho nation that Mr Joseph Cham berlain the othor day was talking about England entering into an alli ance with. A nice predicament she would bo in, indeed, with such an ally. Tho following is tho weather foroc.wt for to-day Very squally, stormy, and wot, under the influence of tho disturb ance, "Guostic," Rather rough to rough sea around the coast of Tasmania generally, with N.W, to S. winds. Tho weather has been oxtromoly bois terous tlio last few days. On Saturday tho wind blow strong from tho N.W., frequently veering to and fro S.W., with sharp showers, raising u heavy sea out side tho heads in tho afternoon. On Sunday it moderated, but yestorday Saturday's weather was repented, with tho addition that it was much more sovoro, tho wind being intensely cold, more violent, and the rain heavier. Last night it l'joked um if thoro would ho a continuance for several days. Along tho Ooiwt strong N.W. winds and heavy sea?, with showors, aro reported, A strong westerly wind blow at Latrobo on Saturday morning, and towards mid day some heavy showers fell. Tlio after noon was showery till nightfall, and thcro woro also some heavy shuwors on Sunday afternoon. YostcixkAy promised lino, but was vory coid.jTittlo after 10 a.m. the sky bocainovorcast, and one or two showers fcUTauring theovoning. Wo yiro having bitterly oold, showery wcntUpr (writes our Shefiiold corrcs- poMent). Snow has fallen on tho Bur- ronding hills, which makes the air vory cJKl, though up to tho presont thoro has Jtot boun enough rain to soften tho rground sufficiently for ploughing. TT ti Tho holiday excursion tiokets for tho Queen's Birthday oelohratiou havo been well patronised so far us Dovoupnrb.is conecrnod. On Saturday tlio number booked at the local station was 70, nml yostorday 80. On tho corresponding days of lnsb year tho numbers wero 59 and 60, respectively. Tho arrivals in Dcvonport also appeared to bo much greater this year than last. Yesterday tho shipping in the Mersey and tho .various shipping officos ashore, also private and business places, had their flags hoisted in honor of tho Queen's Birthday. At tho murino board ofiico tho ilagstair was dressed gala-fasbiuu. The various business places kept close holiday, hut thoro was nothing in tho ohapo of sports in tho town. Tho holiday yestorday passed off very qiiiotly ns far ns ttio Latrobcitos wero con cornod. Probably on account of tlio nn: inviting weather, vory fow left their homos, niul; tlioso who iKitronisod tho railway woro mostly bound for Ulvorstono. The following aro tho. roturns nt tlio local Customs ofiico for. tho live days ended Saturday Duties : Spirits, £0 ; other goods, £261 9.4 6d ; miscellaneous, £5 10s ; total, £275 19s 6d. Baud charges: Runts, 2s 2d ; receiving charges, 3s 8 1 : total, 03 10.1. Marine hoard charges : .Wharfage, £18 Is 9d ; light dues, £3 lOi 9d; harbor dues, £22 J0.1 (Id: miscel laneous, £6 8s' 0d ; total, £51 0.3 Od. Grand total," £327 Cs Id. Tlio total for tho corresponding period of last year was £299 0s lOd. Wo aro gltul to hoar that Mr A. G. Cox, tido waiter at Dcvonport, has «o far recovered from his attack of influenza ns to be able to resume duty to-day, Sir P. 0< Fysh passed through Devon- port per train' on Saturday, -on routo to Hobart, from Wynyard. Ueferonco to the death of tho Rigli Hon W. E. Gladstone was mado in the East Dovonport Anglican Ohuroh on Sun day morning by the Rev J. K. Wilmur at the clo.so of his sermon, which was on the Ascension. Tho rev goiitloman said lie would liko to speak u low words relative to the death of tlio dceoasod, not as a politician, but ns a Churchman, for ho was a staunch Church of England man. Many of his public acts wero such ns a number of peoplo could not ngroo with, yet ho had dono good work for the Church, especially when ho resisted tho pretensions of tho "Bishop of Rome" commonly called the Pope. But for Mr Gladstone's action iu that matter tii-ir baptisms would be use less, and thoir marriagos would bo null and void. It was to bo hoped that tho deceased had gono to a bettor place, and that his soul, would rest ifi everlasting happiness. . Yesterday afternoon a muster of. mem ber of tlio Auxiliary Forco tookplnco in Dovonport, in honor of tho Qucco's Birth- daw. Tlio first riu'aohmout- arrived by tho first train from Launcoston, but the main body ronched hero by tlio afternoon train from Ulvorstono. Tho total number of oflicors and men was 77. This would hnvo boun iucrcaaed by. 24 men from La trobo hut for tho absence of passes to en able men to travel by twin. It is'strsingu that tho authorities should thus throw needless obstacles in the .way of men wliu aro willing lo give up a portion of thoir timo to train for the defonco of thoir country. Thoro is no reason that wo ace why the practice that holds in othor colonies should not. ho adopted here, namely, allowing tho uniform, or oven tho rifles, to oirry tho men ovor tho Government, railways; Wo would point out that very sorkms and gonoral discontent exists amongst tho mon re garding this matter. About 3 o'clock the wholo forco mustered on the East Dovonport side, and,, forming fours, marched to thu Recreation Resorvel Here a largo numbor of people, including many ladies, lmd assembled to witness tho proceedings. Tho men, . although : not numbering a company, wore put 'through, thoir facings us a battalion, Homo of ihe movemonts boing oxocuted with a. con siderable degree of smartness, but, .on the whole, it was clear that tho volunteers were wofully deficient in training, which is not to bo wondered , at, suoing that so few opportunities aro afforded them, of good; sys tematic drill. That e was also the draw back of tho boisterous weulhor. After a while the genoml salute was given, and a feu d' join was fired in honor of the Queen's Birthday, and just then a great squall camo on, the ( wind blowing fiercely and tho rain teeming down in tor rents. Notwithstanding this, the men gavo threo hearty cheers for Hor Majesty, and in tho nbsouco of a band, a necessary adjunct of this part of the ceremony, thoy stood barc-hoadud in ilie tearing wind and icy, pouring mill, singing God save the Queen." It then became necessary, owing to tho unpropitions state uf the clunmuts, to withdraw the men from tlio ground, and they wero marched nw\y. Tho soilowing officers were puisout Major Brown (in command), Captain cho. Hon J. II. McCall, adjutant Hujie, Lieu-' tenants Miller And Crawford, and Surgeon McCall. Sickness is still vory provulont in West Devon (writes our Ulvorstono correspond ent). and a number of persons are laid aside with ono malady or .another. Latterly tho agod people seem to have folt it particularly, ana tho numtar of deaths of persons over 00 year of age during tho last two months lias probably been greater than during any similur portod in tho history of the CoAst. It has bcon decided to play n f.iotbnll match on tho Recreation Ground nt Ea t Dovonport on Saturday, and clmrgv for admission, tho wholo of tho takings to be Imndcd ovor to Mr John Waldron, a laboring man. who has recently suHtnined i fiud bereavement in the death of his wife, whereby he is loft with twelve notherloH children, tho youngest being in infant of six monJis. Wo bono to see tho match well patronised by the public, su as to afford help to a desorving case. Two young men, named Moro and Smallbonc, had a narrow escape from serious injury yestorday. Thoy woro pro. cecding along tho rood near Mr RicklilF. at Sassafras, when suddenly a shot was fired in tho bush, and they felt themselves hit. Tho first named hud the upper pirt of his arm sprinkled witli shot, while the other was struck with two pclIotH near tho eye. Investigation showed that tho shot had been fired at quail by a resident of Latrobe, who was out on a shooting ex pedition. On Thursday eveniug (writes a corres pondent) a foolish young fellow nrmyod himself in white shoots, ntid, mounting a horse, essayed to play the ghost on tho Forth road, near Mr Templar's. Fortu nately, ho first mot those who were not afraid of ghosts, And probably himself ro- colvcd tho greatest fright. However, it will bo woll if ho and other similar prao tical jokers remomher that the game in a dangerous ono to play, not only to others, but also to themselves, The prcsenco in Ulvoratono last evening of a largo number, of holiday-makers was an opportunity to make muuoy for local objeots not to be missed, hence tho ad herents of the Wesleyan church held a bazaar in tho Town Hall, tho proceeds of which will go towards thu reduction of thu debt on their church, and the supporters of Porter's Brass Baud held an entortain- inmit, followed by u dunce, in tlio Odd fellows' Ilall, tlio proceeds boing in aid of a fund for purchasing now instruments for tho band. Both -gatherings wore well attended. MrG. Atkinson will hold liis fortnightly stock' sale at his Latrobo yards to- mor row. for which a fair quantity of fiteek is ftdnsad. Owing to tho inclement woathor on Saturday tho football mutch, whioli hud been arranged "between married and single luuum at Dcvonport, could nob tako place, nor could the tennis tournament be pro ceeded with. Wo havo rocoivod No. 1 of llio now series of "Tho War Cry," the organ of tho Salvation Army. Under the now ar rangement it has heon doubled in size, and is profusely illustrated, tho ongravings in cluding many portraits of prominont mom; bors of tho Army. Only tho threo retiring trusteos — Messrs G. O. Rutlge, H. Murray, and J. Hollo- woll— having boon nominated to fill tho vacancies on tho Latrobo . Water .Trust, tlioy will boi dpolnrud elected at tho moot ing 'o bo hold on Friday, at tho office of tho trust. Wo, have boon shown a pretty littlo two. wheeled vehicle known as a "inurkot sulky," built to tho order of a resident by Mr P. Nnylor, ccmchhuildor, of Wost Dovonport. Tho body is of kauri, the whoolsof hickory, and shafts of blue gum. Nono of the woodwork is painted, boing simply varnisbod, and vory iiiou it luuks. Tlio ironwork, however, is painted. Tlio seat, whlolr' slides, is trimmed with cordur roy, nml lamps to burn koroHono are pro-' vidod. Tho axle is uf .steel, half' patent, and whon wo stato that tho total weight of tho trap is only a shado ovor 2owt it will bo understood that tlio sulky is vory handy. ' Besides boing of stylish appear- mice it is oxtromoly useful,' for tlio body can easily carry a varioty of articles in cluding, if required, a bag of flour. Tlioro in only one othor of tho kind in tho Colony. Every part has boon mado oil the premises, wliioh speaks well for tlio local industry of Dovonport. . . . Last evening a highly successful ball, in connection with tho Dovonport Band, was givon nt tho Forrnby Hull. Notwithstand ing that tlio. woathor was extremely un favorable, 25 couples-were present, and ovorything passed' off very pleasantly. The hall was tastefully hung with flags of all nations, and the floor . was ill excellent condition for. dancing. In tho cirlior part of the ovomng tlic music was supplied by the bund, but. later on Mr P. D. MacLaron (cornet) mid. Miss MacLaron (piano) wore tlio musicians; Mr J. Ilalloy, tlio popular hand secretary, was present, indofati-. gubly'. exorcising a gotiorul supervision ovor affairs, besides proving himself an efficient M.O. Dancing having been coii- timied : up till midnight, mid - supper having boon provided by the ladies, that refreshment was heartily partaken of, after which the ciitorbunraont was re sumed, and kept up till an airly liour this- morning. . Tho Diamond; Tent of thoI.O.R. hold a mooting in tho Wesleyan Clmroh on Friday evening, tho Rov O. O. Loloan boing in the chair. Messrs D. Storror and J. Shoppard wore presont ns n dope- tion from tho Distriot Lodge, Launccston. — Tho Chairman referred to tho death of Mr Gladstone, and gavo a quotation from ono of his npocclius, to tho offeeb that in temperance was causing more desolation than war, pcstilenco, and famine.— Mr Storror urgod all total abstainers not to rest until prohibition of tho drink traffic had boon obtained, and advised - those presont to continue to agitate till the salo of alcoholic liquors was stopped. — Mr Shoppard paid n tribute to Mr Gladstone, and urged nil young inon who did not holotig to a benefit sooioty to join the Rcohnhites. — Thn Rev AV. H. Bowo said what was wanted was more enthusiasm in thu toinporance cause. — Mr O. Ridley drew nttontiun to tho matter of some of tho Branch Boards of Agriculture asking tlwt"Tasmum.in fruit wines should ho allowed to bo sold by grocers at a reduced license fno.—Mr Storror replied that tho Launccston .tuinperanco sooiotioa had noticod the matter, and intended to op pose the application.— During tho meet ing, members of tho -Wesleyan choir gavo snme quartettes, which were much .ap- prouiat'ul.— Mr J. McOrery moved a vote of thanks to the npeakurs, which was car ried by acclamation.— A oofibd supper was hold in the W.C.T.U. Ilall at the oloso of tho mooting. Since some of tho leading periodicals of tlio mother country havo become arenas for the discussion of. European politic?, in whieh: Continental statesmen, publicist?, and men of letters voluntarily present themselves iis.nppollanto'to public opinion in Great Britain,' .pooplo havu been afforded an opportunity of hearing "both Mdea nf tho more ini»or!unfc questions of ilia day, and of arriviug at othor than partisan conclusions conoorniug.thuiu. M. do Presshiiso's nrtiulos in tlio "Nineteenth Oontury" on the affairs of Etiropo are always valuable ns indications of thu trend of thought and fooling in Franco among men of inodorato views mid calm judgment on tho matters in dispute between that country mid England more particularly. Thvy areV specially interesting just now, after the recent speeches of Lord Salis bury and Mr Joseph Chumbarluin given in our - recent cables, and after the opiuioii expressed by tho 44 Ropublique Francaiso." Shaking of the West African imbroglio, M. do Pressouso as- Btt'tH that "Franco does not want, docs hob wish, would not undertake a conflict with Great Britain on the subject of the Hinterland. Public npiuitm is wholly against such a foolishness and such a sin ; and in France thoro is notmdy — not a statesman nor oven a politician — to forco iq»ort hep-such a dreadful resolve. On the contrary, there aro many voices raised to require, to demand, a compromise." As lo the Chinoso question, M. da Pressouso mints out that it was thu Gorman Em peror who 4took tho lead in accelerating llio process of tho decomposition of the yellow corpse," with an ostentatious dis regard of tlio rights and interests of Groat Britain, in a country with whiah alio docs tlio hulk of the trado ; and lie huliovc.s that the wholo of the present difficulties might be settled by nil arrangement on broad and general grounds between the French, English, anrl Russian Govern ments. So far aa Franco mid England are concornod in a redistribution of Ohinese territory, tho writer remarks:'— "T nm wholly unnhlo to accept tho shameful con clusion that, in order to make a now map uf the world, wo must paint with blood tlio lines of our now borders." To- morrow a sports mooting will bo held at Upper Harrington, whon a lengthy programme will lie gone through, and, although Homo of theuvonts havo not beon vory liberally patronised by athletes, the bill of fare is ho varied that the fixture, given fine weather, should be well worth attending. To-morrow, at 1.30 sharp, Mr T. Col- lutt will ofier the wholo of Mrs Cheater's household furniture and ofiecU (inoluding a handsome cottage piunn), on the pro mises, Wonvoe stroot, West Dovonport. During these times of ohilling winds, changeable weather, wot days, and frosty nights, those who havo to faco tho do- meets iu all thoir VArinbloncss will un doubtedly appreciate tho facilities for purchasing a really reliable waterproof coat, which are offered by Messrs McKay, Sauqison, & McKinlay at their Dovonport branch. Tlio firm announce that they havo now opened tlieir second season's range, including thoir well-known brand, 44 Tho distingue." On Tuesday night at Singleton (N.S.W.), Mrs A. Olmesen, moLhor ofu little boy who was seriously injured the previous week by falling on a stick, was washing her head with kerosene when her hair CAUght fire from a lighted oindle. After considorablo endeavors her husband and friends extinguished tho flames. Her hend,ncck, hremt| and arms -wore badly burned, and sho suffered severely from hook, but it was expeotod tho would Jreoovtti 