Terrible Burning Accident. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYING PAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvia liuil the misfortune to elip and fail 011 the hot water pi pea, aud before be oould be rescued lie was scalded aud barut iu a terrible wsy. Tbe shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very di-astrous for Mr. Jarvia, aud for a number of years after he iraa a confirmed invalid, enffetiug terribly from locomotor ataxia and other lories of paralysis. A few months ago. reports began to be circu lated iu tbe neighbourhood that Mr. Jarvia was getting round again, and that be b-<d a most marvellous re covery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these minora that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get nil information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to 45 Crown-lane Ultimo. Mr. Tboma, Jarvia was nursing a twoyear-old baby, and his face declared him one uf the happiest of men in Sydney. He was up nnd about, and able to answer the knock at Chadoor. Although pule aud bearing .till a few mnrks of e critical illness nnd a period of pain, it w«a clear that be was an invuliil no mure. all about- my ensp V Well, I «"i glad nf an ''pporumiiy to tell you. The f icts msy be of value to those who are stricken as 1 was." " HuW lung were you saffering p" " lYell, twelvemonths agu I gut so bud that I had to Jc-ave work, and I hove done nothing since llieu. About live ye.rs ago next Christmas l inet' with an accident; I wa9 badly scalded while taking, vi bath in Pitt- siteet, t)Peii in failing health, and after four j ' < \-- v. ,rAuvai- usnsupoicui ci the 'riinUdy I had to give up my billet at Glrbe l«Inud.' " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just ms much as I could be«r. They were fur all the World like as if a saw were cu'tinp mv boons iu two-in everr port of me. I had no coutrol -ov6r my bowels or bladder, and' was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking and could 1101 cat nor sleep. On 23rd M-truli last I eiw- a well- known doctor, and lip told me-that my cnflO was hopeless. However,. he gave m® an order to the Director of Chari- able Institutions. " Did you make use of the order!" " No ; I came home and went to bed, end huro b-pn in bed pretty weil ever since. Five wests ago I could not iviilfc 1'Wwj I lie B jor ; in fact, I could uot get out of bed-. I felt then that it «as mI! nror with ine, . and only a questinii uf days when I would give Up tbe ghost. My doctor waB.attqnd- ing mo, and iii l all he could, by opium and morphia pilla, to own- the agony -:I was iu. 1 was no ler him for five or six weeks. He cam i to the conclusion . that I was puScr'.ng from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, charact erized by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating volun- farir mauAHianie XT p t-s I A >no jJief T might last ten years, and that I might never gat the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible), Well, just as a drowning man catches at a straw, I .grasped Jitjn idea-eqnveyei by an advertisement deecribing tbe case of another boiJei-msker in Rng- . Jm n d- vrb ichJ- z cad ; ipjlje , Workman, by "Dr. Williams' TjiilLi" ' " Pills for Pale People, i I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined. to gira - the pilla a trial anyway and sent for "af uoi. The effect war marvellous as it whs magical. I was able to eat and- sleep as tlinngli nntbiug was the matter-, with me. It was the first appetite, and rest I had for many a day. 1 immedi ately left the bed and was able to move abjnl. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and l have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. WilliamS'iBink ' Pilla, but I was too weak to uim them, and now 1 do not want lhem. ... ' > A frii-nd who called io jit thie pdirit Said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day th<n he did a fortnight., previous. ,'v; " " I cao now,' mid Jarvja, ' Have a cold bath, aud all tbn feeling has come .5 bank into my leg. 1 ,-rscribed all this , change to Dr. Williams PinkHPiile.— They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and foel YikeaS new man. On the mantelpiece there ia a box of opium and morphia pilla which tbe doctor gave me tolieaden the cxcruti&tiiig; pain; But hey «ai»-' stay where they are, for I no longer . need them. Everybody wboknowa moi has been amazed at the.chanee in 'me. Thev can hardlv believe ttfeit /fives. My being about again- las caused quite a eeiianlion here. \ : \'ri . Such is this remarkable histbty'and it confirms what is -said in all the chief ; newspapers of thisbountry oftbe woo- ' derful cures wrought Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.21 rhef' ctirelooomotor ataxy,"partia!-|)«y«q, ; and spinal disease, "hIaoHie-maiSy-dis-" orders which arise irom an imppver- t iBheducoinlitionmf4he J3pd, «@hjsa anoemia, pale.nndUotrvoinplekion, - general musoular . .weakness, ,indu ; . i geation, loss of appetite, ahortnesh q| giri breath, pain in the bade, h'eadhbhSj' ; etc. .j "" Mr. J. T, -S. tbe Labor Party in tbe' N:sW| 1 Legislative Assembly, was seen by our > / reporter in connection with thb re- niarkable ease of : Thomae. .Jarvia. V® Mr. M 'Go wan says he .has khdwn Jarvia from infancy. He "alafrAnew - that be had to give up hiejob at Aha G lebe Island abbattoira twelve mqntha - ago owiug to a malady whichRie de- . - ;. -.f velop-d. He af 'erwards eard that '|i Jarvis was bedridfleii.-kmPihat there :: ' ,/i| was little hope dfhie>eopy«ryj ffjferyiffj understood that Jarvis _was .refneoil admisaion to case lias beeu pronounceiLTiiwuB. -|S|J Mr. M'Gowan wai, tliepaferb/lflte :? everyone else who knew-'. tlm J«mta,'-V astonnd< d at the jcomplete zwoyei np S : ThesewondSffu1<iillia!:e|e from «Rdeiuiiughainis|Sy#irro!a'5t'?®j| Dr. WlliianiV McSioiiio Qd M«db<iurn8|S3 who will forwafd. p jst paid) ou recpipt of stamps or post iorder, onelioxfolr Ss. fid's or alfAkcnTei1 l?.s.ja, See thsttiwgBmi'ue .Dr.JYjldanw.ife'r 