AT THE BEEHIVE. A FEW WORDS TO THE "ANTIS." MOSQUITO. I do not desire, in these few parting words, to talk like an uncle of the Duteh persuasion to the "Antis, but as one who loveth thom and who taketh no delight in seeing any pfifson believing;whatheshduld nofcbolio’vo, ttild a&Mtfg; h«vho liquid notii aofc—unless; of bourse/ ho * niakcis '* good readable newspaper copy., ' And wo ; have ( to ithanlc the; “ Antis,”j for; keeping, us a little alive politicly during fcbd past feAy/>yccks;. But the fcirto’"fdy" ; n6nflehSe is| now over. Before I haWadqfher chdnoo of .addteasing.my small audl ; tcust faith fud'flopk’ of ‘‘Antis” throughput Bendigo and Northern-and Northwestern distriotepryictoriAgonw over the whole arch-diocese oV which! the Ben digo Independent - is journalistically the chief bishop and I onb ? of puratos-T- Juno. 3 Avill bo past, and thepolJJ will bo In one-way, 1 am .glad but in another way X am sorry that my flock on this occasion is so- comparatively small. ; I no not BBMuyn ' that pabt of ’ •MB , BLBCI0118 OF/llilS OP/ Ttt£J ! OOLOXT IS COBSOIBOTIPUSLY OPPOSHD IO ' IIIIS CoiiiioNWBAtxU Bitt. 1 anticipate that the majority of :it Yes's” Avill, on poljhigi day, bp;as five to. one'* It ohghfc to: bp 10 to 1, ns I said just now. ,' But oJlowartbes! ■ have to bo made for humaa p6rversifcy, for tho original sin of wliich there' is such a very fajr share ip most of us,'for ,per sonal prejudices and, for indefinable,, un shapon fears (the political, unreasoning superstitious fears of tho mind,las .1 may term them). BiU Jones who! is poor and in bad health is, going to! vote against Federation because Tom Smith,, who is strong and robust and got a dividend from the Albion Reef mine the other day and has 306 shares in the Spring Gully at Fryers which ! stand him in Is 9d, is going to;vote for 'Federation. That’s envy’ and pure cussedness, for you/ But why . should Bill Jones bo foiling nasty and unfedorationai ? Tom Smith’s health and good luck won’t injure him. ■ We wish we bad forty thousand Tom Smiths in the community. Besides Tom Smith is jibt, tho Commonwealth Bill, no more than the biggest squatter, biggest land owner or big gest anything you'liko in the country, is the Commonwealth BUI.; My typical Bill Jones, the anti-fedoratiqhist, should re romorabor that .and act upon it. Farmer Hooligan who 1 is poor and heavily mort gaged,' haS a poor cow which'lip thinks he willHave in a fattened marketable condition, by the ti mo th.it (three years hence) Sir George Turner says the Stock Tax is to bp removed. His neighbor, John Magpie, Esq., J.P., who owns a big block of land arid rides to market and to church without carrying a double set of mortgage papers under the cushions'of his buggy, has 23 fab bullocks, 17 fat cows, 214 fat sheep, 43 fat lambs and 14 , fat pigs . ready for market Avhonever ho likes.. ■ Magpie, Esq., is nevertheless a’ strong fedorationisb and so are all tho yoilag Magpies. They’re of tho looal A.N.A, Hooligan and all tho young Hooligans arby however, opposed to tho bill. “The dom Cbnserva ;tlves,” tliby say, “who are a tin’ the country out of the face, and I bolavo’ ihat jlr. John Magpie, with all his. smartness to-day was nothin’ but a dom Trades Harlor ’imsolf before ho came up hero from'Mofbourao or Bindigo or somewhores , and selected foruinst me! Ho now, and the likes of him, to be a Fiddorationist and his b’ys skitiu’ •round the country for fidderation ! I’ll ha’ none of his dom nonsense bn this dom June the Third that the, newspapers are botherin’ and botherin’ about.. I’d as soon see cm’on the 126h July, I Would, so I would.” Poor Mr. Hooligan haaT'gbfc the anti federal fib very badly, you y£iU notice. But ho is no more illogical and unpatriotic than Mr. Higgins, or “our Din” here in Bendigo who butcher though lib is, has boon argu ing as if ho wants to see a duty of 30s per rib per bullook kept on indefinitely. Mr. Cockatoo Hooligan Js not troubled with mortgages because .Mr. Johnuio Mag pie has none,and Hooligans,store cow .will not be delayed in her fattening because a good many of Magpie’s stock -are already fat. • .V * ‘t, ■ ' It seonis to bo ridiculous nonsense argu ing for tho Commonwealth Bill ion ' these dines. But it is not. I know my congrega tion. I know diowj’ along with fchoir threepenny/ ales ' in ; the townships,, or their billy tea in-the paddocks, they imbibe a-good many of their personal and political prejudices/. They’ll'bo all, right on polling day, after they road this! For one small section of my flock, how ever, I am afraid there is no hope.- I der spair of them. They are those who make it a habit to ascertain whemtbe is, so that they can have the grini and un sooialistic feeling of going against, it. These utterly • lost ones—those political direlects, these* predestinated non- elects— don’t care whether they are' voting in opposition to a crowd of fat" bishops or a crowd of starveling curates, i So/ lobg as they are voting against a majority of some sort they are happy. I must givo tbom up. I wouldn’t interpose between, a /man'. and his egoistic and egotistioalhappiness,—ho, I not oven if the fate of Australiah federa tion depended on that one naan’s ; vote. Such men are always best loft alone in their original and inoradicablewickedness —let tho subject matter in hand be what ever it will. 1; ; But humble and' sincere“ Antis ” wish ing to be guided back into the true path of federation, before it is too late, whilst it is still tho eleventh hour, X would ask I’fhi.s. .. ypn31ijnk that your r oI3~and experienced, politicai ;curatb whor is noW' addressing you would ask you to vote for this bill if for one moment he thought it was a “ Fat Man’s Bill ’’ or a Treasury. Bobber’s; oir a Land Robber’s or' a People’s' Robber’s Bill of any description. Ho, emphatically no! It is true that tho big man, tho .biggest in deed of-the country landowners and big, city property owners are barraokers f6r the hill. .. All the more h/onor to them, if ;it'be so; . It ought/fco prove, if; it prove nothing .else, that' all big men are hot necessarily deficient in patriotism. They are not necessarily aliens to the sentiment ;nf ; natipgh.opd.. „ As .the, .hCW.^nstitutipii, isto ho so' liberal mj' first surprise was" that these big men did not start; Out > to ppposcitall they could. Butjhoy couldn’t. There is ,behind a stronger power than’ broad acres /or , blocks; of; city/'IjuftflihgaVy’lJt is the combined mtcBept of. 48 of the,picked men —picked scholars, picked /and picked politicaUeadors of .Australia^—which is compressed .into this hill.; That is why,- if, for ho other reason, the big men of ■acres- and -houses arc. not opposing; it- Evem it they had no/patriotism they have too much sense to pit themselves/ against the intellect, the flatiohal spirit and ■the', national gemus of Australia. The /Clarkes, Ohirosides, Manifolds, Armytagos,' Robert sons, Hopbnrns, Pearsons, Sim oh Frasers/ HamiltonSj- Austins,, “ Bully Rutledge s boys,7-McKenrfcSj Shows, • and/others?-of: that.ilkknow perfectly well that ©very rhil-: -waytrainFhatruustbrough.or.-ileat'jthcir, 'miles dl .estates,: evor^, ship.at sea. w^hi^h. passes withni sight of their swagmajuand ot : his tracts who-.tweanly amt widh sorrow wojgjfiihg because wife and destitute that he "has beeWpojnpelled to in Bfcel bourne, Ballarat, Bendigo whilst ho trudges forth "seeking amongst the dookies and- the squdtters- for 15s a week and hxs ko day 'landownersknowithaththeirfarextendmg landa-are the envious cynosure of .envious, greedy, .questioning.eyes,£he. cause, of. itch-., ing palms itching with ia deeper - and -a [ them,'only waiting ior a change oppor 1 itumty, ohanoe;massingr V gtfi'hCriof nurtibeVe.in'apolitical-party, for.' • the ohande am valuta fiorco7TmId,uncpm- popular Icadpf. td, tripsin te.all: bitter' jealousandphvioUs; thoughts into aofcipufTrrinto confiscation... Xfe ipthe • of thouountfy .which; > ; ; potty- guards, nip. to vthoip i families.:; It iskouttmOhty.thatviUaintaihs' the which a map can. hold oho .•acre ;/jiOte«V : Sentiment ,oould,als6; : remodel .'and operation/ laws of all! -tfeifci ! as ( ,to tun; counter . to; the -pfo y,ailing -It ‘ is : bma|l and r. moderatoly-acredj. as the- iiandfdl ' of {v-Qippslandemhtfd 1 Itoobestor menwbo with their boh- : ueotions arojiofc.troubicd by a .maiigtmnt' ghost labelled ,.“ Buster-up -*, periodically haunting: their; magnificent. -town - and countrymansions,whoare having fchohardi- 1 hood to oppose the Auatralian/peutimont of federation. But I believe tha|i in very I many of oulf biggcsfc-aorcd men the,-senti ment foriAustraliau. unitylk ha puro,;Uh caioulating’; and genuine os ibis; in the heart, of; any_ small cottager'or i A.N.A. enthusiast in : ahy ; boarding 1 house . in the .land.- Mapy, .ot- Brifcain’ebravesb, r moat dangerous, most aolE-saorifloirig : and lioroio deeds uavobcoii done by'.men who could if they had pleased •sfcayodat homo and soaked.'.and rotted . undVphilaiulerOd : in . luxurious;. andrSpandered siothfulness. int-Oi early and dkhoUofable graves; . “;Hor9 gbps the lastAof^tho 1 Brudopolisi and forty thousand a year;'' Lord Cardigan, is - Os saying when though, he, knew it was .by-'a blunder ■that-they. were, being:, sonfc.ontoalmoet inevitable death^be-took; His plCoo at 7 tlib hca/I of the Balaclava Six Hundred-. vWhy was not. .a . young - man with 440,000 'a year.enjoying hiinaolf iii Parisian gaieties or amongst the-houiisofSpam? . Simply because he ..wasn’t; because -..his nation wanted him and; hundreds like hiih to bo in the Crimea, and there jthey wore.; So also .you will,at -this, moment find the sons and grandsons of the same-men in the cholor <aic, comfortless and dangerous Soudan wii h Kitchener, straining their eyes over the desert for the first glimpse of the strong walls and the; Knipp cannons 1 of Khartoum,. In course of time wo will have men,of this stamp growing up v in Australia.Why . now; ; therefore, be sus picious and doubtful of this Commonwealth Bill because it is to-day advocated by'some of those .who perchance .will;’bo the ancestors - of Australian heroes - like; the ■ Berosfords, Brudenells, Napiers, Clintons- St, Vincents, Boscawens, Hope fcouna and Carows when great national' dangers or great' national enterprises re quire suoh men? Give them credit for at least a little, patriotism. .Poor breeches and bad grammar- are not indispensable adjuncts,.of public or of private virtues.*' '• My discontented and suspicious brethren, you will vote for federation for thegood and sufficient reason -that X am such an ardent fodorationiefc. The last three or , four years of drought and of artificially in creased prices of food, through the bread and moat andpotato and egg and other cus tom taxes on food and necessaries,made an Australian federationist and intercolonial freetrader of mo. The recent attempted rigging of the wheat market by certain of the Melbourne newspapers—a Cruel and rascally proceeding, worthy of the worst and most dishonest of the American and Trench press—confirmed me in my belief in the dangerbusness of provincialism. It will be so easy to “ corner ” the food, sup plies of a colony'; so; difficult to work the • rigging oracle when, under intercolonial freebrade, tho whole of Australia will have, to bo worked ■ by , the riggers.' Untaxed chops and steaks, untaxed' shins of beef and corned beef, an untaxed half dozen of eggs for'your sick child, an' untaxed quarter hundred-weight : of potatoes, a little piece of uiitaxed dead pig on special holiday Occasions, will, I trust, be ' remembered as watchwords on'Federation 'Polling Other things are to* follow, in duo order. - Each-‘ colony* is* :fcq' be' rb scued on election day from ' its wretohed riggers and oxploitorors of tho backs-and the stomachs of tho: producing masses. That’s why you “ Antis " should return ,tb tho fold.; Never mind Higgins; He has a fine lay- out in the Supreme 1 Court. Butcher's,- grocers and drapers:-.‘hills don’t trouble Higgins : ' much; - His pay: them for him. Youhavc to; pay your own bilk from what little' 1 is left to you after you have paid the,bills .of others. The Commonwealth-'Bill! will eventually enable. you to buy . your dispensable necessaries - in the cheapest market because it-will bo an untaxed market. * Duty-free tucker, and-remember Italy and the thousand starving people shotdown’ih the streets of Milan',* oughtto be your motto* on Spoiling day; - " -■ r*. MisoBtnAjrBO'trs; ; i * ; * ' Why does somebody not seridhn ihvita- 1 tion to one of tlie how ; pretty numerous young lady doctors in Melbourne: to bomo up hero-and start'practice in Bendigo*? <1 d believe they have. f a feminine medico: at Ballarat, and she is doing very-well. ‘ Just fancy is whenever there' "-was- anything “orohk" with any- of us moh that : we -had, perforce, to go to or send for. and telhsorho inquisitive: old woman or green young'girl of 20 or 25, or so; 'all about'; it.- How would we men like it ? Not.at"all. 1 We’d; soon be -howling out - for men doctors; Apply the same reasoning to* the other-sex, and- then ask-them how. the w.omeu: have stood it so: long. ' ' ' .5 -.o * Bendigo con tains ah ihariy fruit'and lolly ’ shops as it does public-housesl ' Ten-aver age hotels,-however, 5 -take as- muph coin each week as all tho : fi*uit ahd TolIy ' shops 1 put together. Still that- donT got over 1 tho fact that wo’te a great peoplb for. fruit and lollies. Very good, for I haven’t'yet heard that' fchFmtnfiplyihg of’these shops; toulti-*’ plies the crime and 1 death ratoi' How they live, so many of them; is. somewhat ■ of a mystery. The profits must he largo to stand so much rent and still-leave, a bite and sup and a shilling or two - for other necessaries for the’ poor bixt honest who keep these shops. - Why there’s View Street, the name of which we ought t-O'ask I the town plerfcito altsr' to Fruit street, or: The/Jewish Herald, published: in Mel-C bourne, is;, an admirably -written paper;' You ought obcasioually to flook'tth):pugh /q? you want to Australi|h'' JewlT when he’s from thejshqp, and. otheu Jkiodu Hud i one of J)a vid Hemy’s Herald.northehdverbisementofany One-like"; him. As for a bookmaker’s , advertisement;, either, they are nob - therel 3 and frornT ; of .the’, current: nmUhoh-ithere’s fob -oven a chance • - number is JnstoVthal and other matters pertaining' ) t-g] \the./Jov r B. fashioned Jews arc touohed on, new- fashioned; Jo-%sV Jvbof ■, there’s anything. r be / gained?or lost by? being their- observances. 3, the. > the war. againsti on and am-i plifiedM# urijSfe W%here, « except] ishoted, at they in is illustrated by the brief story of a the most recent outrages on- their inthat bjackaiuoor land[ andthereare re-. ports;-of> vanous:chanties social movements Jews xn)Australia. <. They havej andewieh Orphan h notice. ..-But existence* } for i indi-j' vidtfally lobk^ko-*weU-'afife^thoircoffi3pnng,:« or friends adppt pd r rear as - own children, the orphan of pre-- nlaburely that all the Society has 'to tc^ look 'affccl' .pild little hoy ..unu ’pno girl. bhlltiMi boarded pub. ; | But jbjipre's pL their foster*- ' parents'.being Jtlib'piijtwpJbi.au jngupstpiv I fc)i 0 m (<‘ii • pt^^bom' 7s’tyl6''-| bW£ ap/ Ido^^ily y got #3; t of _ .olii i. ■! 7>t 1 thattjip M rpvpcend. ’ pditbi< ol m Hpi*ald'iatber f iiiumes hitnfleil ; pn1 t|>e r nnm- I : i>pr,pf Jewin $0 I Says ;ji(sy «-.Wo, have''gbpll * 1 believing that. $aptarnSainpsfqn-of ibb’Key ; West flpefc is a Jrdy. M ’ Ppohl .<0n ly a°com'“ ! 'j moh' bapfcain I IVhy, in p •dJugclng;. bi the popt Httlo King = of gain's glossy.•*curls, at Manila, by ' tbc; haven't ,wp all -beard' of! Jbwoyi, MpWipdybr (atBdnr: digo 'obdj bn a- wet night, with bho; t&edougojQ; 1^ ' f hesb,.-fot, ..psi t tihiaf. bloko a pbijliw’’ a: dab, and 0 let ;^ ; go'^^6!jbhc.8h^fl;Wifeh; the. jigger ?” ’ ' a* shUUii'b ; pb, for puraplyes, on .aqpduht ‘ ispmp 'otiicir ‘bloko ;bo out; a b ''.the dp the'trip. , into Bon '.digo'aU'liy himself ; when wegob but there ! (fhpy 'start on Euglebawk, figuring it, up os they | go 'how much tbo, s onp;latp pads'ongor. ilB i costing the 'bpmpapy but;, ’anfi now; 'gniph' Jho'll he ■ boat ing the company thdir. ' if they dbn’tiiavo bne at- allpn 1 ! 'the 1 - 