Ovens Benevolent Asylum. — The wide sphere of usefulness to which the philan thropic operations of this institution ex tend, and the high .appreciation which they receive throughout the district, are pleasingly shown by the generous support which it receives from all classes, and especially from the mining population. At the recent meeting of the general com mittee, as reportrd in last issue, it will be seen that the exertions of one individual alone in' the Bright district, Mr. T. G. Davey, the well-known mining manager, resulted in a sum of over £25 being col lected in one month among the employes of various mines. Mr. S. T. Ohannon, who was present, mentioned that the same gentleman had also been instru mental in benefitting the asylum to the extent of £40 to £50 during the past year, and it was decided to recognise his valu able services by appointing him a life- governor, a resolution which was carried with hearty and unanimous applause. Mr. Davey 's kindness has been otherwise manifested in the hospitality which lie has always shown to Mr. Channon during his visits to that locality. Another gratifying instance of generosity was the receipt of a second donation of £2 2s. from Mr. Geo. Moore, of Oxley, whose benevolence was stimulated by the elo quent appeal made by Mr. J. Ingram and widely published by the district journals. Presbyterian Church Anniversary. — The annual celebrations of this church will commence on Sunday, the 17th inst., when the Rev. Professor M'Donald, D.D., of Ormond College, will conduct special services, morning and evening. The reverend gentleman will also lecture at the entertainment on the following evening at the Town Hall, when a number of the leading amateur vocalists will assist. Choice Fruit .Trees. — Mr. A. M. Gibson, of Reid-street, Wangaratta, else where offers choice varieties of orange, lemon and other fruit trees, strong and free from scale ; also farm and garden seeds of every description. Piano Tuning.— Mr. Fitz Jacob an nounces that he will visit Beechworth and district in a few days for tuning and re pairing pianos and organs. Orders left at the Post-office Hotel will be promptly attended to. Concert and Ball at Whorouly.— The entertainment which was held at the assembly room of Dodd's Hotel, Whorouly, on last Wednesday evening, though of a very attractive nature, was not so success ful as it deserved, possibly from insuffi cient previous notice. The first part con sisted of the usual nigger minstrel entertainment, in which Messrs. L. Herz, J. Bell, F. Barker, P. Murphy, J. Dodd, J. and D. Macnamara and Lean took part, concluding with the amusing farce "The Ghost." The second part in cluded vocal selections by Misses Nau mann and Trim, and Messrs. R. Finch, Cattlin, Vandenberg, Murphy, and J. and A. Morrison. The former gentleman also gave an excellent recita tion and some selections by the graplio- phone. The concert was followed by a ball, which was kept up till an advanced hour in the morning. The financial re sults will not be known until the accounts are finally settled. The Bbthanga Fumes' Nuisance.— At Tuesday's meeting of the Towong Shire Council the President moved and Coun cillor Cole seconded, that the legal manager of the Bethanga Gold Fields Company be informed that the council considers the Bethanga works as at present conducted a public nuisance, and asks him to have the same remedied within a reasonable time. Death of a Mine Manager.— Mr. Wm. Henry Chegwin, who has been in charge of the Great Southern Consols mine at Rutherglen for the past two years, died on Tuesday at the age of 54 years, the cause of death being internal cancer. The deceased, writes the "Sun," had been ailing for some time, although unat- tended by any of the local doctors, hence a serious complication arose after his death, but Dr. T. G. Haynes, of Ararat, who had attended the deceased, prior to his arrival in this district, gave the neces- sary certificate. A widow and family of eight are left to mourn their loss. The remains of the unfortunate gentleman were taken to Creswick by train to- day, he having been a resident of that district for a number of years. Railway Accident in New Zealand. — An accident happened to the southern express on Thursday. Several of the boiler tubes burst, and blew the driver out of the box, and put the fire out. The stoker, M'Kubnan, was badly scalded. He crawled to the rear of the tender and jumped clear of the train. 