? GOSSIP OK GHOSTS. (By 'Boondi.') URN out tBe ^ J lights ! Flash I* ) fi'M III: jia li 1/ to) i li iJ flickering blue IteiillM fires from the w&ss;! Give 't','! Iij us tremolo mu sic from the | hidden orches tra- and let an iuvi3ible chorus sing in sepjil chlal strains : When ihe .night mil 1 1 ;!i H J wi,ids 1,owl iu the moonlight flies,. And iul:v clouds, lilte funeral shrouds; soil ovec tbe Tnidaijiht skies. ? , When the footpnds quail at the night-bird's wail, and tbe black dog bnjs nt the moou, Then is tbe spectre's holiday — then is tho ghost's high no®n ! Ha 1 ha! ha! And should an encore be demanded, .let the creepy choristers further, .observe : 'Ho ! ho ! ho !' ' * ? * ? After the above weird introduction it may come as a surprise to our audience to learn that the spectral show is over — there are no ghosts on hand at all. There never was a ghost And there never will be a ghost, for Hamlet was sane enough when, he spoke of that 'undiscovered country,' from' whose bourne no traveller returns.' To be truly consistent Hamlet should have believed in ghosts, however, for just before malting the above remark he had enjoyed an interview with the spook of his pa, con sequently he 'fell on his nose' when he declared that no return tickets were ever issued from the Land of the Great Un known. Hundreds of perfectly truthful persons solemnly declare that they have actually seen ghosts, I know, but then hundreds of equally truthful but bilious persons just as emphatically declare that they can see dark spots and strange fleecy flocculi floating before their eyes, when in reality all the trouble lies in their eyes, and the spots and forms they think they see in front are wholly imaginary. In -like manner it is quite possible that some de rangement of the brain may be the cause of persons seeing ghosts ; certainly I will never believe in ghosts until I have had a personal interview with a genuine ghost and ascertained its views upon the two burning questions of tho day — Federation and Cash-betting. » » : * * Nothing could possibly shake the faith in ghosts which some persons hold, and, of course, the more they believe the more seeming proofs of supernatural appear ances come before them. I have a friend, quite as sane as myself, who for years has believed that his house is tenanted by the ghosts of his dead relatives and friends the moment he retires to rest at night. He is in no dread of them whatever ; in fact, he appears to rather like their company. One night I was sitting in his room rather late when he suddenly stopped short in his worldly chat, looked quickly towards the open door and cheerily said : 'Hello, Sis !? You're «rarly to- night !' Ho ex plained that the ghost of his sister (who had been dead six years) had just passed and nodded towards him. 'Just so,' said I, ' and as she probably wishes to have some private conversation with you I'll saj good-night and go !' You ought to have seen' me 'go' once I got into the street Charlie Samuels, even in his fleetest, days, . was but a bumble-footed snail compared with me for the next half hour. A some what similar story is told of a visitor to the house of a country friend, who, while, about to retire to roost, was astounded, to . see an elderly , gentleman come in through the wall and proceed to push the chairs about, arrange the books on the table and flick imaginary dust from other articles in the room. The visitor spoke to the busy old party, and the latter immediately- van- ished into thin air. Next morning a young lady coolly explained : 'Oh, that's grand father !' And then in an aggrieved tone she added : 'He always was an old Moliy Coddle, and he's just the same still, al though he died ten years ago. He's quite one of the family now, but we don't care much for him. Every night he upsets the furniture arrangements, and lately he has taken to going. into cabinet-makers' shops and ordering things to be sent home that we don't want at all. Pa says he'll have to advertise that he won't be responsible for debts contracted by ghost's in his name. That'll be a novelty in advertising, will it not ?' That day the visitor left hurriedly for the city. He was in no more humor to 'take on' a ghost than I was myself. . * * * Imagination has a deal to do with ghost seeing, of course, a very good specimen of this trouble being recently record ed by a London scribe, who writes' to the effect that a friend of his always saw a ghost whenever he went into one corner of a certain room. His terror was abject and very real while he stood there, but ceased the moment he stood in the centre of the room. The ex planation is he had lived in this house while a child and been shamefully, in fact criminally, frightened while standing in that particular corner by some prize idiot who had togged himself up as a ghost and come suddenly upon him. The victim as a man had completely forgotten the fact until reminded of it. Then the spectre, like that of an insolvent theatrical com pany's 'ghost,' walked no more. Another case is that of a literary man, who, after a week of incessant worry and work, was surprised on entering his room one night to see a shadowy form sitting in his favorite chair. At first his hair began to rise 'like quills upon the fretful porcupine,' but being a strong-minded man — one who weighed lost also — he promptly walked over and sat down hard on the ghost. He must have squelched it out of shape en tirely, too, for it never bothered him again. (Moral : Sit down hard on all your troubles, real or imaginary, and most of their importance will speedily disappear. Be warned, however, that this does not apply to your wife. And if you sit on. another man's wife, the consequences may be more disastrous still). * * * » It is a rather common and very beautiful belief that it is given to our departeu loved ones to watch over those who are still left to battle with the temptations and sorrows of this earthly life. A writer in London 'Quiver' says that Queen Vic toria's half-sister, the Princess Hohenloe, once told Dean Stanley that ' during her retirement at Osborne, immediately after the Prince Consort's death, the Queen found her only comfort in the belief that her husband's spirit was close beside her —for he had . promised that it should be so.' « » * » Genuine believers in what I would call the 'Higher Spiritualism' hold to this consoling theory; but I would warn all against the contemptible tricks played off at times by sham 'mediums' on credulous people. Here is 'one example which came tjaidar my own notice, and 'from the one . judge many.'A friend of mine, a most in telligent man, and one who once held a high Government office, called upon ono of the most celebrated Yankee mediums that ever troubled this land with his in famous presence, and after a little timo the 'fraud,' who, by the way, had only receritly arrived from 'Frisco, said : 'You lost a little boy not long ago.'-- 'How &?» you know that ?' asked my thoroughly astounded friend. 'Because,' said tha heartless, lying wretch,. '1 see his spirit forth hovering over your head. It will con tinue to do so ; shielding you, from evil 1 and encouraging you to goodness all through your life.' My friend paid the impostor handsomely, and at once became a thorough believer in Spiritualism. * ?* * * But, as if to give the lie to the me dium's words, ill-luck began to assail his dupe after. ? My friend ffll into evil habits, went' from bad to worse, and died. And when the swindler was subsequently tried ana convicted in London, it leaked ocrf that he always had cunning 'graveyard inspectors' in his pay who preceded hira everywhere, and gathered all the informa tion possible about deaths and the lilssa, and then primed their villainous employes with the knowledge gained. One of thosa had learnt of my friend's bereavement, a taS the rest of the fraud was easily worked. The Roman Catholic belief in 'guardisa angels' is a beautiful oue indeed, and pr&- bably works some good ; but I am afrafi that the angels told off to keep some o3 us straight seldom work eight hours a dats and take more than a fair allowance holidays as well. It is the nature -of ms& to seek after the ;i,inseen, however, anil , Edmund Yates voiced a very popular sea« timent. when he said : 'Oh, that it wer* possible for one short hour to see Qu , souls we loved, that they might tell JSt, J what and where they be !' i4 * * * # ^ Changing to gayer scenes and lighSfa moods, 1 may observe that the modccaD ghost is quite an up-to-date party whf keeps well in step with the glorious maDfflb of progress. He appears at all hoursg never shrieks nor gibbers ; and, in fact, . j has been suggested that ghosts should bt trained to act as servants in any house they favor -with their presence. Wagsa would be of no object to them whatever ^ they would eat nothing, and although thai might see and hear a lot that servants should not be trusted with, still their. e$- creey could be depended on. , ^ J. ? * « ? ? ? v! ? ' ? The old-time ghosts would not' ta£- kindly to the change, of course ; in fact' one of them interviewed me the othea night (after a heavy pork-pie supper) ami sadly said : Excuse me, sir, but I've ,1 little trouble I'd like you to ventilate fi the columns of your valuable journal. To a ghost, and as near as I can recollect I'vj . been dead 500 years. When I stepped out ghosts were looked upon with mon respect than even a champion prise-fighta. is to-day ; the mightiest monarchs shooJ like jelly at our approach, and infiuentiii) citizens dropped dead at the mere sight p us. When I was in my prime as a ghost j used to haunt castles and old baronial hali and croon my' death wails until the bol baron inside would go into kicking fits, am shriek for mercy, while his fayre ladye aa bold retainers had to put india-rubber pad on their teeth to deaden the awful ro^ they made through chattering. It was ran fun to be a ghost in those, days,' but noi the nobility set spring-guns and rat-trap all along the Ghost's walk.*: and if 1 - dodge them and start squawking under Lord's bedroom window at midnight^ silent hour, bust- -me -over -the mazard - the fellow doesn't hop out of bed and'pefc me with old boots and bad language, jus as though I were of no more account tha* a demed old tom-cat. ' » » ? ? 'If I poke round a suburban resident'! place and hoot, the owner thinks nothing now of skipping out and sooling his con founded dog on me, and the beastly bruta hunts me rouDd in my shirt till I have fci shin up a telegraph pole to save mysoU from being chawed into rags. There's i ghost iri the same yard I'm lodging in -jusl now, and his name is Cadaver — Christo- pher Cadaver. Well, Christie tells me It* once met a lot of fellers coming home well squiffed from an electioneering meeting about 1 a.m.. and by way of giving tba gang a ' turn ' he popped in front ol them, threw out his grizzly arms and com menced to gibber and groan and shoul Hoo ! Hoo ! and do all the rest of tha ghostly business in the most approvod fashion. Instead of rolling over and dyiEg j on the spot, however, I wish I may never, come' alive again if one' of the crowd didn't shout : ' Why, blime me, chaps, thte old Guy Fawkes is alive ! ' and with that they grabbed the poor ghost and gave him a coat of tar and feathers and rode him round on a rail, with a lot of Chinese crackers going bung at every yard the® travelled. Christie was never what you'd call a handsome or imposin' sort of ghosl' at the best of times ; but you'd a died lax fin' if you . saw the hoiy show he looked when he crawled back to his grave with all the tar and feathers and powder and stuff about him. « * » * 'Even the youngsters in the nurserj have no fear of ghosts now,' continued tha poor spook, ' and if we stand over thet* cots and make mouths at them, the cheekj young rascals only 'guy' us, and some oJ them get up and belt us round the roou with their pillows. .. The worst 'take dowi£ I ever had;, however, was one night 3 found a scraggy, spike-nosed old maid readin' ' a volume of 'Love Tales' whea she ought to be restin' her old bones ia bed. I came in with a rush to her room( gave a blood-curdling screech and flopped down and began to rattle my ribs in | chair before her. ' . .» * * * 'She went off into a fit at once,' said X, as the ghost drained the last of the suppet beer. 'Fit exclaimed my visitor, ' not much ! She simply dropped {he book, gave me a smile that made her look like a Chow's wooden Joss, and simpering, said ; 'Lor, Reginald de Vavasour ! and so you've come to your own Penelope Ann at last ! My fond, fluttering heart told mo you were near, but — won't you come a little nearer ? This is so very sudden, o£ course, and the time and place aren't cal culated to cause much agitation in a gentle maiden's tender breast, but I can trust you, 'dearest, can I not ?' Thoroughly dis gusted, I arched my grisly arms, ai:d, pull ing the most awful face possible, I began to squeak and gibber, but the old frump cut me short and said : 'Oh, Reginald 'oo precious, pitty 'ittle boy i that's not the way to make love to your ownest own. You must place one i^rm round my virgin waist ; the hand of the other arm sup ports my classic head, and drawing me lovingly — but stay, I'll cast my maiden modesty to the winds and show you how to ' do it !' With that the uerned old cat came at me with open arms, but I vaa ished quicker than I ever did before, ar.J - now, for the sake of the good 'old days when ghosts were ghosts and respected ac cordingly, I hope you will ventilate te ? your next issue the grievances of tba ?.'- ghosts I' 