THE LAtJB OF THE CHRISTMAS GHOSTS. Bv ELCYE CRAMER. (Continued from last week.) lis pathetic voice guilt wont to .Tack's liojirt, and he felt sorry for having said such :i fo<4jsh thing. But he was just going lo mend matters by saying that "it was ever so much nicer to lie a ghost, tlinu only a" screaming, waddling goose," when -lie heard another .voice, just beside him, and turned round in a groat hurry, for it, seamed to come from tiio middle of the tree. "Excuse me for interrupting you," said the voice, very- politely, "hut per haps you did uot know that I am a Christmas Tree, and Christmas 'frees can always talk." never heard one.'" said Jack, star ing with all his might. "No," said the tree; "you never give yourself the chance. The very first, tiling- you- do To a tree is to chop' at it with an axe; and do you think il is like ly to talk to you after that? Why, the poor thiug lias as .much as it can do to keep from breaking down, till at last when you hard-hearted creatures have almost tortured the very life oiit of it, it .cannot keep up any longer." Here the goose broke in: "This." it said to Jack, in solemn tones, waving one wing towards llie tree, "this .is 1lie Christmas Tree yon had the year before last. Yon ought to know it, if anyone should." "Yes," echoed the tree. " You ought to know me. I remember now; you came with your father to cut me down. Your father had the axe, and you carried si small hat chet. "When your father' stopped, to rest, you i bought you would try your hand, so you did. But yon didn't do much good: only made a great number of little cuts ju me. Y'ou can see them now if you look." "Ah, you see." said the goose, scorn fully, "you are just as had as all the rest of them." Jack grew very rod in the face. "What's the good of a tree if it's not to be cut down?" he asked sulkily, "We have to chop up trees for firewood and lots of tilings." "Bur. uot Christinas Trees," corrected the goose. " How could tliey lie Christmas. Trees if they were not cut down for Christmas?" asked Jack, in tones of greatest contempt. "Quite easily answered the tree gently. "Once a Christinas Tree al ways a Christmas Tree. From our very babyhood we are brought up for that purpose, and we would turn out to he something grand if only they wouldn't cltop us down; but they always do," and it sighed deeply. Jack began to feel very sorry for the tree, it seemed to feel its posi tion so keenly. "I'm awfully sorry," he said. "I didn't know that you'd have to turn into a Gliost, and come and stick up here." "And even if you had. you'd have done the very same." observed the tree, shortly. "So that's all about It. I don't want to talk to you auy more." Then it began to curl up its brant-lies as if it was going to roll itself up into a bundle. "And if it hadn't got a trunk I should certainly tliiuk it was going to," tiiought Jack. "You needn't stave at it so," said the goose's voice. at his side. "That's -al ways its way. It means you're not worth talking in any longer." "Oil." said Jack. "Then, ii's not very polite." The ghost made no reply co ibis, but presently remarked. "The tree you didn't have last Christmas hasn't got a ghost." "We didn't want one last year," said Jack. "We thought Aye would only hang up our stockimrs for a ehiiuare." 