• (BY ATTIOUS.) : ; If I may be allowed to take the "Official Year Book" for Western Australia, which in- this Wonderland is called a " Statistical ,Register*' (you see if this antediluvian polony were not different to any other i^ustraliancolony even in its nomencla- •tube it would think shame of itself)-^as a guide, then the enorraous advances we have made in agriculture, . about which the confederated Press of the colony goes into hysteric raptures day by day, is just sp much <?le{in, clear-cut, solid blow, so much gas, so. much nonsense, and so manystatistical lies. Let me do the Lands Office and 'that wonderfully intangible and un- substantial branch of it called the " Agricultural Booro," the justice to say that the department whence is issued that fearful and wonderful Statistical Register—only brings its figures up to the end of 1896. According to modern notions the figures are just a century old, as time is measured in this age of progress. In other words, for purposes of comparison all the figures are useless and out of date, and for all the good they are to Parliament, public, or the of the setting up, and binding might have been saved, and no one the worse. But as the leading Government organ is full of admiration for the publication, and doesn't seem to think that being fourteen months behind time detracts in any way from its value (and in a colony like this, as primitive as Noah's Ark, it as a matter of fact doesn't matter a rap) it is just as well to comment on its figures so far as they can be made to apply to and compare with the current year. The usual warning note is trumo« u - t -- one"of'the . , ~opting r . ubtes. , , tnA raiunna /lAvitraH frnm 4-Ko cola inn the revenue derived from the sale and alienation of Crown lands, and the public is told not to expect that the " land sales" can supply either a regular or perpetual source of revenue." Notwithstanding the fact that of the 624,500,000 acres within the colony's boundaries only 8,500 000 acres have been, or are in process of being, alienated—in plainer terms, not one sixtieth part of the public estate has gone into private hands, we are asked not to expect that there is to be a regular source of income from it. We are, however, told by the (guinea) leader writer for the Maiden Lady'that the public estate unalienated represents an asset of enormous extent and of a potential value beyond the power even of imagination to estimate. The leader slab is quite right, no imagination could grasp the value of most of itjbecause it would be represented by aBfinterminable x—except for its gold contents. From agricultural or pastoral standpoints it is worth millions less than nothing. As for its " potential valufe," it is possible that umbrella and walking sticks made as hour glasses :rMght become the fashion all over the world, and the W.A. public estate might be utilised to fill them. It is'' possible," and by a huge effort of the ^imagination" one might " estimate" the profits that 'would pour, into che public chest if " hour-glass" walking sticks, &c.;, became the fashion and W b f ^ A . was utilised for,the pigs , might fly, al? thoughthey are generally regarded as .v^ry unpromising looking birds/ In v a l u e " of W A. pub.-. He estate may be,reckoned as possible, butvery distant. The decennial period, viz.. from 1.^87 to end of 1896, dealt with by .the Government Statistician shows .that during that time land revenue had increased from $74,000 to x 60,000, 3\. net gain of £86,000, but as about £46,000 of this was derived from the sale of goldfields tojvn lots to the Outlantfers at ' usurious prices, the . net ' increase of revenue from suburban and counrry lands was at the .rate of four per cent, per annum, md when it is remembered that from the end of 1891 to the close of 1896, were five years of steady immigration, it ,must be confessed that the grand balloon of " land prog?ess " .becomes little more than a small bladder. Nor is ther6 in the aualagous history of the Australasian group of colonies any . one polony in which the ratip of progress of land occupation has not been greater, W£?cah onty^pptfte tlie oiccupation of so mnch land for town sites is not going to lead us into the dangerous position Victoria drifted into, With her total population of a little over a million, half of which was concentirated in and around Melbourne, "there could be but one result from this frightful aggregation of cOn- Burners, theother half of the population, the producers, could not continuously bear the bear the burden of a consumer on his back, and the result has been years and years of awful depression, luckily to some extent relieved by the gold discoveries of this colony. The Maiden Lady's leading article prepares its readers for a shock they will receive,upon reading the "tables" which officially deal with our principal cereal crops for the ten years. The article says:— Turning to those tables which more especially deal with agriculture, it must be confessed that the figures are not in every respect so satisfactory aB could oe desired. It would be easy, taking the returns of the land under crop for wheats barley, oats, and maize, to ask, Where is . that boasted progress of agriculture 011 which, during the last year or two, so much stress has been laid? The article then goes straight ahead and shows a decrease of cultivation (according to the dry figures of the Registrar) on every cereal cultivated, as compared with 1887. It attempts to explain away the falling off, by stating that everything has been sacrificed to hay growing, which the (so-called) W.A. farmer has found yielded him " the quickest and most profitable cash return, with the least amount of labor.'' The sting is as you will see in the tail of this remark. The least amount of labor—is the be all, and end all, of the man who grows anything in this colony. This will be the adamantine wall against which our over enthusiastic Minister of Lands will yet break his head, when the reckoning day for his large expenditure on coddling the farmer, comes along. The "immense growth of the haygrowing" industry may be gauged by the fact that in 1887, with a population of less than 40,000, the colony had 28,000 acres under hay, while in 1896, with an increa^ to 150,006 souls, the area under the same crop was 69,000 acres. The increase of population in the ten years is, therefore, represented by the figures 3J. and the increase of hay growing is not quite 2. So that even with the crop which was most profitable and required the least labor the increase was disproportionately low. Nothing is said in the article in question about the falling off in the cultivation of wheat, which, had the grower kept at it would have been, at all events during the period 1892-6, equally as profitable as hay-growing. There is more labor in wheat-growing,; consequently its production fell off. But even in hay-growing the annual increase is not quite 5 per cent. per annum in the decade. The more one goes into the details of the agricultural figures supplied by the Government Statist, out of date as they practically are, the more one is convinced that until a new race of yeomen shall have properly filled the gaps obstructed by the present lot of supine growers, so long will the taxpayers have to pay through the nose, to keep up artificially an industry which should be the backbone of the colony, but isn't, and won't be. Can you understand this conundrum ? At Albany (wonderful back gate of the colony) a man was hauled before the Police Court for having in his ppssession a ring belonging to another man. He pleaded guilty, and was remanded Jor eight days to enable the police to procure witnesses. Now does the Maiden: lAdy's resident ambassador at Albany m£an not guilty, or is the result one ..that might have been expected to occur in the territory known as Sleepy, Hollow ? The Warden of, Kalgoorli? came down to Perth last SatUl^aS^ji must not think it was iii with the " JO foot" pronunciamento. He wanted some new collars; and so journeyed down the few hundred miles to buy a dozen. A voice "Whispered in my ear that the Mining Department would not commit itself to anythitig in writing, so the Warden is compelled to come down and get his .instruction^ far future guidance, viva voce. In this way, when the next blow shall fall, the Warden is to be made the victim, not the Minister, This is a very prudent, eminently characteristic W.A. step to take, if true, but I don't belieVe it. The Warden has come down for that box of collars and perhaps a pair of those bicycle protectors for his trousers, ••• ••• • v This time it wasn't-fire, it was water that did it. When the pipe that supplies the lift at Crossland Chambers, Barrack-street (right opposite the City Council Chambers) burst and the water began to fill the restaurant in the basement below, the first and very natural thought was, turn the stream off at the main. But they couldn't find the plug. They prospected for a long time with picks and shovels ; luckily the strata passed through didn't require dynamite. "There's a plug somewhere about, Jack." " Yes, 1 know," says Jack, wiping the sweat off with his wideawake—" but where the h,—I is it ?" " Search, search." At last they found it, covered with road metal, worn down smooth. By this time there was a comfortable carpet of twelve inches deep of germ-impregnated Perth water all over the restauraut. The proprietress wrung her hands and the water out of her garments, and all was a *• quiet waste of waters " once more. Of course the boys and street loafers laughed uploariously at the struggle to find the plug. The proprietress of the restaurant did not join in the general gaiety. _ She didn't see where . . . the laugh came in when the chairs began swimming matches among themselves. "There's the plug, Jack, under 4 your left hoof," shouted one. 1 Garn, that's it.under cabby's horse," cried another- " Wot, are they looking for a plug again ?" sang out a new arrival on the scene. "Fetch out the ' spindrifters,'''yelled a fourth. "They knows where the plugs is." There was a chorus of derisive laughter, and when the lost one was found a general dispersal. The fun was once moreover till next time, . We are sitting on top of such a nice , home-made volcano. The sunjjner isn't over yet. If we don't a double barrelled conflagration before the winter rams set in it won't be from any neglect of the City Council to provide us with a blaze that even " Nero " might enjoy, if he hasn't gone to Klondike. And still the Council won't move in a common senSe direction, and still squads of spi ndrifters are mt sent out to locat e permanently mark the sites where the plugs are hidden* I think if there were two races of people like the Boers of W.A. on the earth's surface, it .would go off with a bang, and shoot us all off into interplanetary space. Then a few Ouitlanders would go prospecting "Mars," and the WA. Boers would get all the g°M' .. '< ..-•'••" I am g° lft g to prophesy, because I know; I'll bet the sapient brain which conceived, the brilliant idea of entrenching tjie . plugs inside the newly built stockyards a guinea to a gooseberry that within six months the plugs are all lost again. I know* plug, whereon the wild «aiid- goes, only recently slabbed i^iM, and the whole concern, slabs »^;.«MJr4i^ve:v-disappeared already, For cunoMty three of us searched the other night for twelve minutes beforg we found it, although we knew, as we thought, the exact spot. The simple square post fixed in the kerb or against the houses, will have to be adopted yet, willy nilly. Not till another fifty thousand or so of property is burnt up. Then the plan wi}l i>e adopted. .Still no one is taken out and hung. • anyone tell me when the "silly season " commences in this delightful colony ? I feel 6ure it is on, because an apparently sensible person—a Mr. Bovril—has been writing on " Cheap meat and how to get it." At first he starts on perfectly sane lines, and sensibly poiftts out that the same Government that allowed its too clever by half Minister of Mines to invent that marvellous piece of legislative machinery known as the " 10ft regulation," has shut the doors of the colony against cattle from its own districts and the northern territory of South Australia, after the tjck pest has taken ' full possession of the colony {rota Bunbury to Wyndham. He is silly enough to direct attention to the fact, that two years ago, the Stock Department reported the discovery oftifik, and no steps were taken in the matter. Does the silly Bovril not know why ? Let him ask the first man he meets wi.o has had the dire' misfortune to have lived in " Ringland" for a few years, or even ask. the W.A. Boers themselves. They'll laugh and tell him the name of the leading man in the internal cattle trade. He will at once see. silly though he is, why the stock regulations and "Customs Duties Act" are used, abused, or temporarily. shelved to suit that leading cattle dealer, and every changing phase or circumstance connected with our meat sypply. The midsummer madness of poor Bovril incites him to suggest the following remedial measures in order to get cheaper meat for the people :— 1\. The erection of refrigerating works at Wyndham to which all settlers could send their healthy cattle for slaughter. He points out that the sea voyage frorn Wyndham is frightrully inhuman, and one of its terrible effects on the poor, dumb brutes landed at Fremantle, sick, sore and sorry, is a loss in weight of 1501b. and consequent depreciation in money value to that extent. Once out of the clutches of the " Legrees," who boss the cattle trade, the growers could come into direct, or almost direct, contact with the distributors. Bovril says a cattle grower in the North-West is compelled to accept £4 15s on the spot, tor a beast which sells in the yards at Fremantle for £14. The difference, £9 5s, is made up of £3 for freight, fodder, and insurance, and £6 5s as profit,less sundry charges, to thecattle dealer. If the chilled carcase could be sent to Perth, the meat would be in far superior condition than that from the impoverished and inflamed live animai. 2\. The erection of public abattoirs at Fremantle, and in connection with these,cold storage accommodation for the carcases of imported cattle so that the butcher could buy in quantity then, slaughter store and distribute, according to demand and weather. Poor infatuated Bovril says the cattle-dealing chief and his attendant sharks at present own all the slaughter ^houses and paddock accommodation at the port of arrival; they are desperately determined to keep this accommodation out of reach of all would-be intruders, and entirely for themselves. 3\. A system of thorough local inspection so that diseased meat shall not pass into consumption by any chance. By adopting his suggestions the afflicted " Bovril" says the producer must get a higher price, the public a better and cheaper meat supply, and the present fearful monopoly broken up. To strengthen his weak-minded arguments, he points out that at Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide public abattoirs are erected and anyone can kill at them. Poor Bovril 1 If he were not demented he would know that the example of all these cities would be the strongest reason why it would not be followed in Ringland. When he shall have a lucid interval I shall say to him, " my poor Bovril, it would be far easier to remove the Darling Ranges on wheels to the goldfields, and so ensure good catchment areas, than to break down the great monopoly of W.A. under the present political conditions of the colony. Why, my good fellow, that monopoly is an integral portion of the West Australian constitution. It cQulgn'l be destroyed except by a vote of the Imperial Parliament. If both Houses of our local Parliament were to pm a" tteasure^ to-morr^ authorising the erection of refrigerating works at Wyndhamv:abbatoirs and storage works *t Fre^tjg,^ toork wpuU not be would simply fce defied. were not. very very ill, youwould be sure to know Wat they're all in "it. Every man Jack of 'em, up to their eyes in it. 1 Did you not notice what they have been doing at Fremantle in the matter'of stamping out the frozen meat supply, in defiance of all justice or even of common or garden honesty ? It's an ower true old tale, but as an illustration of what iniquities can be practised with immunity under the name of constitutional government, when one has an assured majority at one's back and a spiritless, cowardly population to govern, it takes the cake, even when compared with the supreme wickednesses of the South American republics. No, my poor Bovril, when you have quite recovered your mental balance you will see how quixotic and impracticable your proposed reforms are In this free colony, where no one, not a Boer, has a hundred to one chance of getting the franchise, you will find that might is right. Go to, poor Bovril. One of the old-time W.A. clergy, one Canon Sweeting, gave his sixth daughter away in marriage to the son of an old-time W.A. Boer. There was a comically recorded item by the ambassadress of the Maiden Lady, who was "among those present" (W.A. password) for the purpose of giving the usual column of gush incidental to all Boer marriages. The reporteress wrote as follows :— •'The following is a li*t of the invited guests: Canon and Mrs Sweeting, &c.;, &c.;, ad nauseam." Same old crowd. Fancy the dear old boy giving>his daughter away and being an invited guest! Of course he wasn't an invited guest in any accepted meaning of the term, but the reporteress wanted to get the old boy's name into her paper as many times as she could so as to earn the gush that wOula be sure to follow: " You dear, what a nice account you gave of Violet's wedding! It was just too sweet for anything, Papa and Mamma were simply delighted, and Violet fays in her letter that she and Charley were more than gratified, and you are to come and spend a week with them when they return, if you can be spared from your important literary duties." Thus virtue is rewarded. By the way, the poor bride went away in a hat of " burnt straw," yet I have not heard of any bush fires at Northam. It is a sad commencement of her married life. Our mutual friend—I know he is my dearest of dear friends, since I learnt he Was transmuting silver into gold—Dr. 'S. H; Emmens, has got a Klondike, aye, two Klondikes, all to himself, now that he is changing Mexican silver dollars into American eagles at a profit of ten dollars an ounce. There was a brilliaut leader in the M.L's. issue of Monday on the startling subject. Among the very original, not to say profound, remarks. I take the following as unique specimens:— ..••»• " The price of the article (gold) must fall to the level at which it can be manufacturedand " Even the industry in West Australia would stagger and reel if it had to compete with the artificially-produced article at £2 per ounce." The first asinine remark is quite novel, although a friend of mine contends he has heard it somewhere before, as a truism. The second remark would indicate that there are special virtues in the gold industry of W.A., when the slab says, "even that would stagger and reel. I suppose this champion intellect thinks that W.A. gold is produced much more cheaply' than in other countries, owing-to the low cost of everything. If he doesn't mean this, what the d——1 does he mean ? Doesn't mean anything, you say? Oh, well, that explains it*. Stagger and reel? It would simply lay down and die. My dearest old friend, Emmetis, a man I atoys make a clpar jproSt of a hundred millions ^mjjnk per annum. v Itmistask him 'to come over knd .itay with me for a few weeks. It shan't cost him a penny. My wife always contended he was the one man in the world she was fond of, next to me of course, and the girls, well they simply worship dear old Emmens. We must get him to a " function" in the Mayor's room at the Town Hall. Pity now that so much champagne was wasted over Waddington. My dearest, truest, and best of old friends, Emmens, will knock "Waddy" kite high. A hundred millions sterling per annnm !!! Stay with me a few weeks ? By Jove, he shall stay a year if he ^ will. All the same, I will take short odds Emmens does not cut up well when he pegs out. For choice give me the profits of the W.A. meat monopoly, small though they be. I'll bet the supposed discovery has not been made. 1 think, after all, I'd better not ask him to come and stay. The obsequious papers of this clean and sanitary place record the doings of the Acting-Premier—who is also, you may remember, the Minister of Mines, also the young man from Geraldton, who is for ever sacrificing himself, at £1000 per annum and pickings, on the altar of his bleeding country—with minute fidelity, thus:— The Acting- Premier, &c.;, &c.;, &c-;, will leave town to-morrow on a few days' visit to his Excellency the Governor at Rottnest The Acting-Premier, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, left town yesterday on a visit of a few days to his Excellency the Governor at Rottnest. 1 The Actiug-Premier, &c.;, &c.;, &c..; who has been spending the last few days with his Excellency the Governor at Rottnest, is expected to return to the 111C V.IIJ' city (?) \l I to-morrOw UlUliun. Tie Acting-Premier, &c.;, &c;, &c.; 1 R• . I - l:- P.. who returned from a visit to his Ex cellency the Governor at Rottnest, was at his office yesterday. He looks very much improved after his visit, the cool sea air having evidently benefited :nemt:u him nm. very vc.y u.u^i much One can imagine the airs this village starost will put on after this syncophantic adulation. As for myself I get my eldest to say the following every night before he gets into his cot:— Please, Good Lord, make him Agent-General as soon as you can, and get him out of this colony. He will be so much happier, O Lord, and so will the colony. Will that conference of " producers " never take place ? Here am I, bursting with'impatience, net, pins and specimen case all ready to capture one, and the time lags on in most unconscionable fashion. Again I ask, what do the producers produce, and echo and only echo, answers, I don't know . . .. Nobody seems to take 2 ny notice of Doctor Hope's very startling announcement that of 600 children born in Fremantle last year, only twentyone were vaccinated, They can put eight men in gaol for a month at Albany, the back gate of the colony,for playing an illegal game (two-up)—very comical, isn't it ? but here are 580 living hourly menaces to the whole colony, and the blocks of wood who are placed by some malignant genii into the position of guardians of the lives of the people, do not seem to think that their indifference is criminal, Is there another country like W.A.? Is there another set of people like our W.A. Boers ? If so, I< prefer living in London or Paris on twenty thousand a year. - .. .. .. After the 'fire which occurred five weeks since at the inward goods shed of the Perth station, the whole matter was treated most lightly by the railway authorities, and in an off-hand sort of way it was stated that damage to the extent of £500 had been done, Well, when you consider it all, what is £S 00 the Commissioner of Railways, .particularly when it's other pfebpeVmoriej!? One can afford to be liberal on such lines. I wrote at the time .that the assessment of damage at ^soo was absurd. Up to the present the most wonderfully managed railway department in the world admits liability of £3,000,. or five times more than its estimate, It is, however, quite as reliable as all the other estimates of this model, department. Remember please that there are plenty of remaining claims not ad~ mitted, which will be fought out in. the law courts. The fire might have been easily put out at the beginning had there been a tub of water at the service of the night watchman. It might have been put out later on easily had that mutual admiration society, the Perth Fire Brigade, postponed some free fighting with its guests from the goldfields • and had these guests refrained in like manner. One thing I am quite sure of. If a fire breaks out at the goods shed, or any other railway building, to-morrow night, everyone will be"found equally unprepared. It's only the money of the taxpayer that is involved. It makes no difference to the departmental salarysheets at the end of the month. The York-Beverley railway accident which cost us the life of the fireman and serious injury to the driver, will cost the railway department between £500 and £1,000, says the Acting- Manager. I don't know much about it, but I will bet the Acting-Manager any sum of money he chooses, from is. to- £1.000, that the cost directly and: indirectly will be more than double of either of the amounts named by him. Later on, when all interest in the matter is dead, and this*accident lias been replaced by another one, we shall read about the true cost in the confederated papers of our little town^ rkin nn/1 tirnn^or tuhirh nf th#» ITianV' ship, and wonder which of the manyaccidents the figures refer to. I do not think that there is one person in this colony, be he Ouit 1 lander or Boer, who would even inhis ; innermost thoughts suspect the most honest man in the W.A. Cabinet, the Commissioner of Lands, of any ulterior motives in assenting at the secret cancus, to the notorious " 10. f oot regulation." It was done douotless at the instigation of the one man, and also because in matters ot what are deemed detail, it is common etiquette not to interfere with or. dissent from the wishes or desires Of any individual Minister. The con: sent of the Executive Council is therefore given as a pure matter of form and custom. Consequently - • - - ' Mr, > Vosper's explanation that the Cornmissioner was not in any connected with the Venture Syndicate, was unnecessary. The Commissiorier is dne of the very few whose motives are not open to Suspicion. Ife merely errs through excess of enthusiasm, *•' ; V . , When we read in the columns of the Maiden Lady s polite and unexciting " pilot fish paper, that the recent hot weather has resulted,disastrously "so far as some of the orchards and vineyards of the colony are concerned," and that the Commissioner of Lands has received news ' that in many of the vineyaids the heat practically turned the grapes into laisins and scorched up the apples, we wonder what object has to be served. Is this not an abnormally cool summer?.. and do we not have this kind of, and more excessive heat most summers 7 Why the whole daily press ^of W.A., has been quietly blowing about the Present season, and affecting sympathy with the burnt out sister colonies. So far as the fruit sold .at 6d. tood per lb., whichiscnlledhe "apple," is concerned, I dontthmk any of the realprodactisgrown in the colony. At all events I have seen none. Nothing but some tasteless jmitaUonsHowagaincould^ heat hurt the many vineyards of the colony ? Where are ^ ? At " Marbellup," "Madgetup," or Ooolinup ? Are there six vineyards in W. A. It's simply the death of the colonial trumpeter, which brings about this kind of blow, " many vine- yards." The daily confederated press does the trumpeting now, and isn't a bit modest about it, I can assure you. I presume the whole paragraph from which I quote was inserted to account for the dearness of fruit this season, and in anticipation of the high prices which will rule next season, ay, and so long as the agriculturist is fattened up on public money, and doesn't, therefore, see any necessity to work between meals. What a close analogy there is, to be sure, between our Boers and those of South Africa. The Government of the Tiansvaal has just dismissed Chief Justice Kotze because that official remonstrated against a breach of faith by Saint Paul (Kruger). No one in W.A. has yet had the hardihood to question any action of Saint John. When that maniac comes along I fancy he will meet with as short a shrift as possible. Serve 'em both right, I say. Anyone who would deny the infallibility of Saint Paul or Saint John is more than a villain. He is an *' iconoclast." He would steal the jewels from the eyes of our most cherished idols. Take warning by Kotze, ye of the Opposition. Do not deny Saint John, particularly on any question of finance. We are exciting the envy and jealousy of that miserable portion of the world which is outside the geographical limits of our own dear Paradise. The Government of Natal, evidently suborned by the Transvaal Government, which is madly jealous of our gold developments, has prohibited the importation of live stock from Western Australia. The recitation of the simple fact that we do not send, and never have sent, any live stock to Natal makes no difference. The insult has been offered. As a nation we must recent it. I am informed that the Maiden I ady has cabled through the Eastern Extension Compnny (it's cheaper that way) withdrawing her Minister Plenipotentiary from the Court of Natal. The official in question has demanded his passport. The result is a teirible one to our much valued meat ring, which does not know what to do with its large surplus. Even New South Wales hates us for our successes, and is green with envy at the huge revenue we are able to bestow on—Bunbury, etc., this year. The Mother Colony has by proclamation stopped the importation of Western Australian fruits. The Maiden Lady's " representatives" stated the other day that we don't export any fruit to N.S.W. This, however, is a palpable evasion of the point at issue, which is, that by an abuse of power, the " Reid " Government has prohibited the importation of our fruit. Revenge we must have for this act of wanton aggression. Why not camp the Perth City Council and the Perth Fire Brigade on the sanitary depot, and then transport the whole concern to N.S.W. It would be a glorious retaliation. Talk about sparrows, rabbits, or the San Jose scale. None of these would be a circumstance to it. It would teach our enemies to respect us at all events. Scene in a French court of law during the trial of Major Esterhazy, charged with being a spy:—"The judge refused to allow M. Labori, who appeared on behalf of Captain and Madame Dreyfus, to cross-examine General de Boisdeffre. This ruling was the cause of violent scenes in court. M. Labori denounced " generals in uniform making speeches for the prosecution," a bitter sarcasm, which created a great uproar. There was a brief adjournment of the court. On resuming, Major Esterhazy was called, and denounced his persecutors in a dramatic speech. M. Labori reviewed his life question by question. Major Esterhazy turned his back and absolutely refused to answer. At 1 p.m. the court rose amid much excitement. The mob outside loudly cheered Major Esterhazy, General de Boisdeffre, and the army. General de Boisdeffre wept. There were riatous scenes in the streets of Paris. It is believed that Zola's release will lead to a grave tumult. The mob is siding with the judge and the generals, who maintain that Captain Dreyfus was rightly convicted." The French are the same old Gauls described by Ceesar two thousand years ago. The capacity for going into national hysterics is as strong as ever. Transfer the scene to the Old Bailey, London, during the trial of Dr. Jameson :— " The judge refuses to allow certain witnesses to be cross-examined. Violent scene in court ensues. Counsel for defence denounces in withering sarcasm generals in uniform making speeches for prosecution. Court adjourns. On re-assembling, Dr. Jameson turns his back on cross-examining counsel and refuses to answer a word. At 1 p.m. the court rose amid much excitement. Mob ontside loudly cheered Dr. Jameson, Lord Wolseley, and the army. Lord Wolseley wept. Riotous scenes in London streets. Grave tumult feared. Mob tides with judge and generals. Country on the verge of anarchy and revolution. The dynasty is threatened." There are two nations living within 22£ miles of one another who might be on different planets, 60 little resemblance is there between them. One is France, and the other is England. The celebration of the 100th anniversary of the Irish insurrection of 1798 has commenced in London, and will soon be in progress throughout Britain and America. Westralia as usual lags behind, though perhaps a few of her Pat Riotic sons will celebrate the event on the 17th March by the usual cycle meeting. Great Jehosophat! Just fancy perpetuating the memory of the heroes of '98 by a cycle meeting! Could the ghost of John Boyle O'Reilly revisit these shores about that period he would require to be carried off by his fellow ghosts on a shutter. Reported that elephants are to be imported to work in the timber forests of the colony. Why not import alligators to act as scavengers in the Swan ? 