Q.TiO. Handicaps. BY WAXY! . Weights for. tho. two principal, handicaps at the coining. QT.O. autumn meeting were published- on Tuesday, and forfeits must bo declared on Tuesday next,. May .17, There is little, fault to " bo found with, the lianclicapppr's work, though opinions of course diner, as to the treatment of individual ltorsos, and. on form, I think that Mr. M'GHl's cclt> North .Australian has beeu overrated. Nothing he has done in - public makes him the equal, or anything like tho equal, of Archie's Daughter, to whom -lie. gives weight in the Cup, and with whom ho is bracketed equal in the Mqrctou I faudicap. Ho lnts never gut a distance, unless a burl second, in tho . Princo of Wales Cup, l-jt'mile, under 7 st. 13 lbs!, to tho inodoir'e X Ray, 9 st. 3 lbs.,- entitles him to bo con sidered a stayer. In the Sout-hport' Handi cap, with the samo weight up, he failed . to giro the winner. Indium, 3 lbs ; whiie Kal- inia at a difference of 12 lbs. only, rau second, and Rookdovo, a three-year-old filly, who should have been in receipt of a stono- and 10 Ibs.v at weight-for-age, .was" getting, a . concPSHion . of. only 7 lbs. for. the year, and beat him biidly. The colt indeed has' been racing more thaii two seasons now, and has won but three races out of. 16 tries. The ono performance of merit he can lay claim to is winning, the Final , Handicap, 1 mile, nt Eagle Farm, uuder 8 st. 6 lbs., very oasily by » three lengths, beating a good fi»ld ; biit the really goqd horses were all givinghim lninps of weight,, and the best, and the probable winner, had all gone right, Pakelm, with 10 st. 2 lbs. up, fell, and the merit of this victory is not of a nigh order. I haye deult at length with North Australian,, hecauso Mr.' Richardson's estimate of a horso's for.in is not to bo lightly disputed except by its owner. . Of the rest, Olive . Branch, a better public performer than bor brother, bus a chance. Tridentato may be a "has been," but -lie ran very prominently In tho May Day Gup, and Air. Richardson did woll not to take too much weight oil him. Tripod, Ruhydor, ..Freedom, and. Boscobel havo all been left with chances, providing that Fitarby does not start, for not ono of the quartette has auythtng liko ho . good -a record ua" the Russley. galloway, who ran uecoud in the Toornk Handicap to Paul Pry ; improved on tliat by carry ing 7 st. 9 lbs. into second place bphind The Grafter, 8 at.2 lbs., in tho Oobarg Stakes, at Flcmiiigton, witli2l horses behind tlie pair; and if it. he urged that these performances only runko , him out u mil or, the reply is that in tlio Australian' Clip, 2 1 miles, Fitzrdy was leading to the tuni iuto the straight, , and that it was not till' well within ' ilio distance that Battalion and Auriim deprived him of the sifcuntiou he' so - nearly secured.. He carried only (i st. 7 lbs., but would either Tripod, Rubydor, - Freedom, or Boscobel, havo. .done as .well -..uuder the weight, in.. the. compauyf . Iu my opinion . tho negative answer & emphatic. Diiu O'Cohiiell has 8 st;, which is not out of tho way, Und Magnate muy bo well in at tlio same weight. Of tho chances of the lot below 8 st. I am not very sanguine. It is raah _to suy of any ho»e _ih any-, race that his .show is hopeless, but 'I reckon thoso with a chance, and.. that ,iiQt too rosy,., in.this.division,. uro' only Lorimer, Rockdove, Waiter, Drake, and Faba. I have, loft mention of Cabin Boy and Mu«io fo the lust, because I think' that," fit and well on the day, we need not' look beyond . the . two for the. winnor, . unless "Riloy prefers Fitzroy . to Oabin-Boy in ,tbe long race, and I am at one with the handioappcr in ;thinking thai, little .notice need be taken of . Mnsio'fl running sinco ho defeated -/Waiter .and Rubydor so cleverly at Easter. In the Moreton- Handicap, of tlie 8 st.. and over divisiou I like Cabin Boy, Music, Arobio's .Daughter, The; ; Scamp, Fitzroy, and Boscobel. .. Of ' the" / romaindor Rockdove, Waiter, Drake,' and .Faba-' But tho declaration of forfeits on Tuesday inuy put a new comploxion- on the features of the . problom M r. Richardson has set us, and final selections may stand oyer .till next week..; ,.v, . . Jit is not a little siugular.that thorp should be three Derby winners engaged in. each of - thosa races, and that . neither should be : credited with more than the ghost of a show. 