CBY J CHAPTER XIV.—COHTBTOKII. Explanations were in order and soon the stalwart Irishman, with a heart as big as a mountain, more or less, according to the •size of the mountain, put his arm about the back of the chair, and, in a moment, the young gentleman -was stretched out on one of those mammoth "settees" which used to adorn the rooms of our grandparents. Mrs. North brought a huge bed-spread and threw ;it over him, and in an incredibly short time . Pinnie was sound asleep, dreaming of a Miss Iss and a Miss Wass, and paint palettes. At 8 o'clock he was still sleeping, and word was sent over to the cottage as we ha\e seen. • At 9 o'clock he was awakened; the little dimity maid gave him a cup of tea, and •put him to bed. And thus Pinnie had fallen i into good hands. Ten o'clock came as usual, and so did 11. [Then Mrs. North was a little startled by a I knock at the door. Bonar brought in a note tand a package sent up by one of the trusted {clerks. The note stated that a "directors 1 frneeting" would keep Conrad down town fnntil late, and suggested that she retire and tnot sit up for him. lie also requested,that the package be placed in the muniment room, and stated that one of the old watchmen of the office was even then on the grounds to keep an eye on the premises. The package was soon stowed away, and GO was Mrs. North; and all the great house was still. Mrs. North slept well, the storing of valuables in the muniment room being of frequent occurrence. The slow hours of the night crept silently on, the moon, rising full and high over the long pile of brick and masonry, and peeping through the trees. The faithful watchman filled and refilled his pipe, and tramped back .and forth upon that side of the house where the treasure was stored. About 1 o'clock the ferry whistle snorted as though angry at the late call, and the sound 'went echoing over hill and forest. It struck wildly upon Pinnie's unaccustomed ears, as he lightly slept in the vast bed, and he awakened in some slight alarm. It took a moment for him to realize where he was in the darkness —a darkness trimmed with the silver moonlight streaming into his room. He heard a. key thrust into the door, a step coming softly up the stairs, a door open and shut—and all was still. He turned over once more to sleep—but his eyes would not stay closed. The late entrance was by Conrad. An hour after, in the heavy shadows of r the trees, upon the east side of the house, where the low moon was casting a dark pathway of gloom from the tall chimneys to the trees, a man sat on the ground, calmly watching the comfort of the faithful old guard, not ten rods away. He was still peacefully smoking his pipe. It was a tall, thin, cadaverous old man—and we have met him before, though now no sepulchral cough warns us of his presence. His face was not now of ashen hue. His eyes were bright and luminous— his ears keen to the unfolding of the beetle's wing. Every sense was alert. He carried nothing in his hands but around his waist was a cord, and on one end a small steel grapnel. In his belt a sheath knife was hidden, and a pistol, both under a loose blouse. As the shadows deepened the old man rose from the ground, stepped forward to the limit of the shadows, as silently as a cat and briskly as a fox. Inspecting the ground a moment, he darted to a dark recess in the building—and to a portion of the structure where no sleepers were near within. A moment later and he was on the roof of the moonlit side—the guard being upon the other. He softly crept along the'edge of the roof with his feet in the huge gutters. He seemed to know his strength, and paused not a moment in his progress until beneath the largest chimney on the building. He then threw himself flatly upon the steep roof, and, with the aid of the kedge, or grapnel, crawled to the mammoth flues. He knew full well that no guard could distinguish a man's head or body at that distance amid the varying forms and shadows of the roofs. A moment thereafter a dark form emerges from the blackened wall of a large fireplace, in the great old diningroom Of the ancestral wing of the North homestead. It hugs the wall in crouching attitude, with tread si- . lenced by the wool on the soles of his shoes. Creeping thus to the further end, he reaches fa panel which he can only distinguish in the (darkness by touch. Having located the jplace, he restfully straightens up and peers iround the room, which apparently is of the hwidth of the structure, having windows at iSooth ends. He waits until bis eyes enlarge. to meet the darkness. The opium does its work. They are luminous, and, like two phosphorescent balls, burn in the gloom like the two flaming eyes of the panther. Though vnseen, his face is aglow, and his heart fired Snth an irrepressible courage. Bnt he does not f orcpt his ritual. Skill is useless without safety. Swiftly he darts across the room and tries to unfasten a window and push it open. It is in vain. It is securely locked.. Without A moment's delay he takes from his blouse a little brace and drill bit. In another moment he is grinding sway at the glass -with a well-oiled drill ofthebardeststeel, and in an astonishingly short time it is through. He takes from^nother pocket a poll of blw^c cloth. A£ he unrolls it an oiled paper is takenolfahdthe cloth pressed firmly against thepain of glass. It sticks tightly to every part. Then the old man inserts the drill into the hole he has bored, presses sideways—tad the glass breaks in every direction: bnt not a pie ce falls to the floor, nor is there any noise. -Theyglassls wholly 7 glued to the clothe lit drivenfcxjmltfsVork by )danger, ha will plunge headlong through this opening, but otherwise go as he camer_ jr He now returns to his paheL Not $>veif ten minutes have been lost With the Duti end of his sheath knife he worms a hole under the panel and pries it op. Ha,bends» up the painted metal, but the bolt of thelock does not' give way. This old "man's slender hand is inserted—and the keys are v his. •'•• - r Now the vault is opened—both doors. The* burglar enters, closing the inner and lighter door behind him. A "lucifer" is scratched and a dark lantern lighted. It is the supreme moment, to a ghoul who preys upon his fellows. And his rapid heart-beats are audible to the old man in the silence—a silence which he can almost feel within those!:, brick walls. The package lies before him. His bands are upon it. . <• What if, during this work of darkness, in the mysterious night, there had been a man of stout heart and herculean frame in that old dining room of the Norths? What if this man, whose courage may have been tested in the hot battle, were ttr calmly seat himself in the dark shadows, while those two' visible eyeballs swept around the room, and thus watcb the catamount cut its way silently through glass! And then follow them through iron doors to a windowless vault! And suppose this witness silently follows into the thick darkness and musty air, and feels that there were two entombed—whence but one could come forth alive! And finally, what if that desperate old cat lights his candle-lantern, seizes the treasure, turns quickly around; and finds himself face to face, not with a giant, but with—Pinnie? Ye gods! But what a scene2 The old man cried aloud, stepped back a pace or two, dropped the package and trembled from head foot—a cold prespiration covering his body. "The ghost!" he murmured. His ruddy face was white with fear, and the ashen hue crept over and upon it. The effect of the drug was overcome by fear and a hollow cough tilled the vault. It was all in a moment. Before the startled face of the youth had evidenced his wonder, with paled lips at that phantom before him, quick as the flash of light from hie knife the old devil leaped to bis victim, and flesh or spirit, grasped the yielding form by the throat and bore it to the stony floor. His knife was raised to strike! But the light reached that face before the knife. The descending knife swerved to the stone floor and the blade was broken from the hasp! The blow had been parried by those grapepurple eyes—and a hopeless face which he had seen before. "Dirt or devil?' he hissed as he loosened his hand upon the throat. But there was no answer. "Speechless? Then, by heavens, you are spirit!" Still the night eyes looked, calm and gentle, into his. The old wretch was fascinated. He took his hand from the throat and stroked the brow of the boy. ''Surely you are flesh and blood, Hubert?" But not a word from Pinnie. The old man shook him. "Say, are you real!" The lips parted and muttered something too indistinctly to be beard. "By heavens! you are real, or else this drug has played me false." Then suddenly he changed his tone to gentleness. "Look here, boy, I want to know -who you are— what is your name f "Pinnie," gasped the youth as if in nightmare. The robber was thrilled as by an electric shock. "See here, boy; is your name Pinnie?" "Yes." "Where did yon get it? Did that come from a Spaniard called the Tiger!" "Yes." "Hell and fury I Where did you come from?' : "The sea," replied the youth, a brightness in his look. "Am I dreaming, and this but the phantom of that drug? Young man, where have you been for twenty years?" . "At the school." "Where do yon live now?" ''Where you saw me before." "Well, boy, I shall not harm yon, nor let any one else. Butdoht you ever let that Spanish devil get his hands on yoa, or yotxr time will be at hand." "Who are you!" asked the boy with more confidence. "Nevermind. Your name is Hubert—but make no changes now." "And 'you—are ?' "Stop! Say not another word." But it was not necessary to caution him. The extraordinary influence of the face before and over him and the expectation of death had sustained the frail boy. That removed, he fell back upon the outlaw's arm unconscious. The robber laid him gently upon the floor and arose. Quickly grasping the treasure, he passed through the vaulted doors and passed to the fireplace. But in that ten seconds a terrible struggle had been going on in the crime-scarred breast of the man. ., He paused a moment and drew deep sighs. Thei next step was backward. Retracing, he re-en teredthe vault, replaced the packet —and vanished. He could not condemn his own son to shame A mid perhaps to prison. CHAPTER XV. - ASTRAIGHTSTORYAND AFAITHFUL U "Help'.Help!" A smothered cry came up from somewhere. It wasitmanswered. "HaLp, oh, help, Mr. Northf' again came forth from the somewhere, like the cry of ah infant from beneath a heavy covering. It softly permeated the old oaken dining room and fray have reached the hall which opened into the modem reception room—but there ^^^weSiSafSie^mfootfalls.... ^mzzz -TZ&W;'AZ A'*: 3 ifortaole watchman, on that comthe east to notice the,first., n&red; oawn. The stui^iiiK iftend the deep, dark colorof the« now moonless sky took on a glimmering luster of violet before the ray less arch surrend- "THKBLOWHADBEENPARRIEDBYTH GRATE-PURPLE EY?S,AND AHOFKIJE jp. • . , • • „ J.. He raised his hand to push the ashes from' his pipe-^wt ^hebl it pM.wa.y jno|aonles8* Hisear.caughfc w ridphng .echo old $oine distant 1cSnr* W"tSlnied on his heel—and -'fcgain—ai£d ^un*«came\th?/|»and «f a woman's voice. "Bat its origin was a niystery. Firrt he caught it from Re house walls 'and again trom the, woods—and then from the sky. l " *'"* Vl He ran softly to a large window, on that side of the building where he had been walking to and fro, and listened again. "It is too early for them to be getting around in the house," 4 he said, and began, to walk around close to the walls of the building. When he came to the old dining-room win- . dow he noticed that one of the panes of glass gave no reflection of the sky. He came cautiously up and undertook to touch it with his hand. But it did not tooch. His hand entered the building! At the same time 'he heard the cry, now more distinctly: "Help! Help!" "Yes, yes. Who's there!" shouted the watch, placing his face to the broken window. "It's me! It's me!" came the response. "Where are you? "Where am I?" "Well, I don't know where you are—I know where I am. Who are you?" "I—I—am—I don't know who I ami" replied the voice. "I can't get out!" The reader can imagine that Pianie, as we shall continue to call him for the present, told the truth. He did not know who he was at that moment And in that suffocating moment when the truth poured in upon him he discovered4hat he jnust tell all he knew or nothing of importance jto himself.- Pinnie was not a "fool, as we hate before observed. "You don't know who you are! Well, I should think likely.;"" said the watchman as he crawled' Into the room. • "We will help you to find out." He scratched an enormous match, and at the same time a voice came from the hallway: "Hello, there! An' phwat's the matter wid ye!" The "door opened and in strode Bonar. "An'phwat's the foos aboot?" "That's what I want to know," said the watch. "Everything is all right till morning, and theD some gal-baby cries for help, and a devil- a bit do I know where she..is or who she is. Say, hello there!" he yelled. , "Ye§, sir," said the voice: "That's the voice of Mr. Pinnie, I am belavin'," quickly suggested Bonar in surprise. "And who is Mr. Pinnie!" asked the watch. But before the question was answered another person entered and demanded to know the cause of the racket. But he also had : difficulty in finding out. The watch walked across the room to where the voice seefned ,to come, and there in the lightening gloom he noticed the broad panel-like dooriof thfe -vault. v "Mr. North, what is.this!" Conrad noticed that the door was open, and immediate caliedt- , ;-'•*: •- .. "Are youjn, the'vault?" To thearifc&fifeht; tfPalla, voice replied: "Yes,-sir.; ithintso.^ . . . North was .'almost too surprised to speak. "Bonar, what" is'that?'* "Faith, an? I wad av axed ye the same S. * "Where ag£the keys ic| * % "An' thejnw where they oughttfo 'be, «r— Howly Moosis!" he; shouted. "But will ye look at thejlike o' that!" and he pointed to the smallpimel, donbled'up <aitS»!jE. "We have been" robbed," said Conrad slowly. "And -we probably have tone of the robbers caged." • ;' • i His remarks were cut off by the pushing open otrfBejfi&er; ddar, and the "jjEuclaen ,-a P pearancb *>iftoe Jjy&ifh.-; He had been guided to the loc^lef the doors by? their vofces, and found'the innerdoorelosea So that^hot a particle of the morning light had entered his prison,-? •And when he came forth from bis grave, it was no wonder that two-• of the - men who had never-seen him were startled. The wafch was thoroughly- frightened And it was alTthat t^onrad wbuld do to hold his courage. This was not the robber that he was looking for! Bonar was the only one who retained bis balance. "An' phwat be ye doin' in that hole for?' "I don't know!" said tho youth, turning to Mr. North. "Who is this, Bonar!" asked Conrad, in rather severe tones. "Tell the gintteman who ye be, Misther Pinnie," suggested Bonar.' : "Who are you, my boy, and what are you doing in iour muniment roomf'f askedNortb.:. "I don'tthinfc'I &an; tell younow,-sir;" J Conrad took- Bonar by the shoulder aside ' and said. "Is this a lunatic or what!" "Mr. North,'" jsaid- Pinnie, "doming forward with atragile'sl^, / "I-think-I can tellyou better alone; I- iahi not strong enough to standuplonger." r r - ; j; ^ „• , "Sit down, boy. Bonar give me the candark room Jflfa 1 1» his- «urprjs&»»foand s the package on the floor where it had been flung A$ fhiswapqasnt tUa room, toox«nTne situation, Shrieked three or four times, and in five minutes the whole I T^gJiJ-fbok Pinnie int<$ the library, leavinj? Bonar and the watch and the vault. In a-few^nomenfe-ne began to tell-how he bap- « "XTO&^B^-'OTK^liwfe';^ come home. Then I think the moonlight kept me Viwake. By aad by something fell on my cover to a dimaqr 'hblTin ifie^jriL" IloSked 'np } and t:ould s«« -tiie black hole. I couldn't keep my eyes off from ft"lTes, res,'$j£^'go pn/'^aid^North with impa- "tfen^* Pinnie had now been talking a good while and was actjng a, little strangely. "Yes, sir, but I&u;%1hink very well now—I have been very "bad—and-1 am sick now, sir—very sick!" Conrad rang Jhe bell violently, and; when the little-idimiiy maid cams in, all -excitement, he told iher to bring in water and wine, "and hurry it up; too!" And no one knows the amount of speculation this order caused in and about the kitchen. Pinnie took deep draughts of the water, but scarcely tasted the wine—which at once elevated OSE SS jhim in ponrad's estimation. i ; And theni he continued: "I heard a scrap- •iing in the chimney-hole^- -and I got up and put my hand in, and it touched something l£e im^shoejj eiid the moment I touched : it it was raken -tiway. So" I , dodged down, havjng beard that sometimes robbers came down chimneys. And then I saw the -white bed was all black with soot, and I was afraid that Mrs. North wouldn't like it." : "Yes, ye!," said North, again getting impatient. "So I—I—I almost forget—it was so long ago! I think I thought that some one was trying to steal, and then you might think it was me. So it seemed that I ought to get Mr. Bon&r;, or do- something. And though I-was frightened I got up and pat on my pantaloons and stockings, so as to be decsnt, and went down the stairs in the dark. The moonshine was very -bright in the hall, but I didn't know where to find Uonar, and in & few moments the moonshine began to go out. Then I carefully opened the door at the end of the hall—very still—and I could see the shape of a man working atthe window," And so Pinnie told the story of how he had watched eveiy movement of the burglar— and bow once he actually sat in a chair, and again crouched beside the sideboard— and at length followed him into the vault. "Were you not afraid?" asked Conrad. "Yes, sir. I trembled a good deal, because I was sick—but I moved awful stilL 01 : "Why did'you not cry oat and call the wiaich?!' "I did not know you kept a watch, sir. I was afraid to cry out." "Why did you not come away as soon as he went into* the muninjent room and alarm as?". .. I; L - r s "I did'h6t"know that it was the muniment room—I was never in.oneibefore." "When he threw; you ^own, why did! he 1V not take the treasure*" * "I don't know what the treasure is you speak of. He had a package Of something in his hand the last I saw hitn." "My Boy, you are the bravest lad ever known. - -You go to bed now, if you wish. And you need not wprry any more about a home, as I understand you to say that is what you came to me for. You have bought a home and paid'well for it." A' (Tobtccmthoud.) 