TSjRRIDLE BURNING ACCIDEN 7. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATQ. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYING PAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fdll on the hot water pipes and before he could be rescued lie was scalded and burnt in aterrible way. The shock of the burning and the Uli proved to be disastrous for Mr. Jarvis,' and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid suffering terribly from lo comotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, repons began to be circulated iu the'.neighborhood that Mr. Javis was getting round agaiL, and that he had had a moat mat velleus recovery from,, . rhi'i^apparantly'etubirftble rnatludy. ,kktt_. on 'ttc’cauolfol these rumours' that V special reporter, from tho Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one nfeernoon he made his way to hia house, 45 Crown-Lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and hearing still a few marks of u critical illoess ami a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid - no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he he said :— “You want to know all about my case?” Well I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. “The facts may be of value to those Who are strickeo as I w s.” “How long were yousuffeiing?” “Well, twelve mouths ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, aud after four years of gradual development of malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Qlebe Island.” “What where the symptoms?” “ Simply indescribable. The pains were somethiug terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering aud shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.” “Did you nuke- u3e of the ordei?" “No; I came home and went to hed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact I could uot get out of hed. I felt then that it was ail over with tno, and ouly a question ol days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was sriil attending me, and did all he could, tiy opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He can.e to the conclusion that f was suffering irons locomotor ata\k., or progressive loco motor ataxy, a di;—. of toe spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating volunt ary movement. Ke told mo that 1 might . last, fur ton vnar.?,_j.oA.ijo,c_.t-a—-tj——~ patient kicked ms legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is uot infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyin' by the advertisement describing the cure effected iu the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read iu the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams’ Vink Pills (or Pale People. I read in the adve: liseinsnt of a case which seemed to fit iny oivu. I determined to give the pills a triai anyway and sent fora box. Tne effect was as marvel ous as it was magical. I was able to eat und sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest 1 had for many a day. It was inuredihle. I immediately left the bed aud was ablo to move about. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me beiore I got Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don’t want “He is ICO per cent. better, soul Mrs. Jarvis, who hed come in and taken the buby on her knees. •‘Thu Dr. Williams' tills for Pale People have aved his life, and made another man of him. ’ A friend wh > calk d in at this po.nt said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than he did a fortnight p.eviuus. “I can now,” continued Jarvis.^have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come bank into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Ur. Williams’ Pink Piiis. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new mau. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But th6y can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change iu me. They can hardly believe their ey>= My boiug about again has caused quite a s. usat on on ; here. Such is the remarkable i.Mtory, and it con firms what is siiii in all sne chief newsp ipers of this country of astonishing cures wrought by Ur. Williams' Pink Pills for Paio People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished sta'o of of blood, such as auiemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigeston, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pmns in the back, nervous headache, Mr. J. 8. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labour Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen .by.our refiortor in -connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He aiso knew that he had to give up his work at dole island .ic-Attnira tweive months ago owing to » ntaiady which he doveloned. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-riddeu, .1 that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had been prouounced in curable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the compi le recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Wi‘hams’ Medicine &>., Flinders-street, Melbourne, who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s. 9d., or half a dozen for 15s. 3J. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. 