n itstheran Church. ,. , :o : - FIRST SERVICE IN ENGLISH. SERMON BY PASTOR BECKER. A movement has recently been initiated for the holding of local Lutheran services in English,.oe each Sunday, the object being to retain the younger members of the flock--asome of whom now go to other churches-as mem hers of the congregations. The experiment will be given a fair trial, and, if the result is satisfactory, the innovation will be permanently stnablhPed. The first service under this new armrankement was held in the German Lutheran ObChurch, Upper Nicholas-street, on Sunday night last. The church was comfortably filled, a number of those present being from other congregations in town. An orchestra, under the le~rship of Mr. E. C. G. Weise, rendered good service, playing a few suitable selections a well as the accompaniments to the hymns. It comprised Mr. E. C. G. Weise (olarionette), G. Nash, sen., F. Weise (first violins), G. Williams, H. Wright (second violinas), J. Hanh (double- bass), and W. Weise (organ). The singing was led by Mr. G.. R Weise, whose * terest in musical matters is well known. The service was conducted by Pastor Becker, of South Brisbane, who now visits the district regularly. He delivered a practical and earnest address from the text-" This is the word of \- ath~ch we preach; that if thou shalt con fis waTh thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved" (Rom. x.. -8.9). There was a tree, he said, the tree of Chritian holiness, but it would not grow pro gerly if its root were crippled. What was that not? It was Christian faith. Faith was the great central power moving every Christian .heart. Faith opened the eye of the soul that it might glance at God's secrets ; faith strength. s?ed the aim of the soul that it might grasp God's mroy; faith eauned mento walk thepath oft that mercy; faith gradually penetrated men t hat they might grow into the fullness of Christ in tiheir thoughts or deeds. Let them not be i- orpri?sed if he would take the course o fi rst Sexplaining to them what faith was. They might think that that was not necessary, as they were a congregation of believers, fully aware of how great a treasure they possessed. SIt it were not necessary for him to speak of what dhristian faith meant, they must take it lor granted that everyone present was perfectly Sertain of his faith, that there was no one :goIng to the grave in old age without faith, Sanid that no soul was entering the world with i:o1t it.' If that were so the congregation would ie a lovely garden of God. The flowers grow lfog and blooming in it would be their souls, .and as every flower grew towards the sun so Swould their soule aspire to grow to the Spiritual on, whicho was Jensus Christ. But let them be S.-nere. They might have had many ex ~!perences in life, but had they also experience iin faith? There were different kinds of faith. :There was faith in the human race, in man k-ind. In times when whole .nations were Sswept away by passions or wickedness, or the toenel desire for revenge, those who loved man. kind did not despair because they clung to the SfaI~th that people would return to reason and S?ogolse their wickedness. Then there was f-aith in ourselves which enabled us not to s'orflo our dignity even if we were poor and ".loomed by others who seemed to be greater favourites of fate. There was a faith in the -igher spirit of the world that sooner or later versy noble deed would be rewarded and every .?wilked deed punished. All those kinds of filh were right andoontained truth, but they w?re only like branches--they were not Chris. ·ilatn faith. They were all in want of one : thling, and that one the noblest, the highest. "$ow compare all those kinds of faith witt ChrIstian faith as explained in the text on whlich he was basing his remarks. That text I-aeontained everything that might be said of Chr~nistlan faith. Did they comprebend what they were to believe? At first, that God had rsised Jesus Christ from the dead, and further i bthatHe was the Lord. That might seem little, :et it was very muobh, for those two facts were !"two strong pillars upon which Christianity and .hbe whole of God's words were founded or bui' lt, If they believed in Jesus, as God had .,ased Him from the grave, they must believe in God as well-that he had revealed Himself as their Father in Christ Jesos. And if they 'believed in Jesus as the Lord, and that He con .tinually revealed Himself through the Holy Ghost, then they believed in the Holy Trinity. Christ risen from the dead and Christ being the Lordboth showed one and the same mercy namely, that which aimed at redemption from servitude of sin. Got's word, being thechannel through which we came to faith, must not only interest us, hut should take root within us and grow together with us. God's word should not be like a wandere1, passing by and perhaps kindly greeting us-it should rather live with wsand neverleaveue. That would be a proper -slation to God's word. Was there any house there God's word did not find a place of honour? There was no excunse now since they knew the way to faith. The apostle complained " How shall they hear iwithout a presacher?" but those present could not offer even that exncuse. For the preaching -of the gospel, those glad tidings of good things, wan in vigour in the Church--the candle was aot put under a bushel. Just this service, in the language of this our country, was the best . proof of that. Though it might be an extra -ordinary thing to sacrifice Luther's language, yet they all recognised that it was their duty not to keep up Luther's language, but Luther's 'doetrine-- the doctrineof the Lutheran Church. G od be thanked that they had followed that ourse. For he was glad to see many among theongeregation who would otherwise be ex -olded from listening to God's word there in their own Church. And he prayed to God, and at the same time appealed to those ooncerned, to come again and again, that they might, as Luther had it, "willingly hear and learn God's word, as we preach it true and pure according Sto the Bible itself." Might God grant that that urch should become the spiritual centre of hoe who wished to be taught true and pure Wirstian teahings. The sermon waslistened 'W s.ith the greatest attention. T?? City Police Court hearing of the charge of assault and robbery, brought against Mofit Austin was brought to a close last week, !Lter ocoupying several days. The defendant wes committed for trial to the next sittings of bthe Supreme Court, to be held eon the 30th in staent. Bail was allowed, the dofendant in £50 4and one surety of £50. 