The Soudan. THE faller accounts received by mail, I regarding the battle of Omdurman and I the-utter extincts a power in the Soudan, confirai tra well al amplify tue cable messages. There ar« really no new points of any importance. But the details of the battle furnish particulars of much that was at first little more than surmised. It. is clear that tho strength and disposition ot General Kitchener's force rendered his defeat practically impossible. Ther Mahdists never had a ghost of a chance. Only at one point in the conflict had tha Khalifa's men an opportunity-when a body of British cavalry fell into an ambuscade that outnumbered them by 3,000 to a short 500. The 21st Lancera then had the heroic opportunity ox tha day, and by their desperate charge through the hostile swordsmen added another leaf to the army's laurels. No doubt the rest of the British forces would have done as well had the opportunity occurred. But it did not. Apart front that incident the tale becomes wearisome. The Dervishes everywhere came on bravely, and were mown down by tba. close fire of shrapnel, machine guns, magazine rifles and carbines. The most-, conspicuous instances of death-disre- garding valour were all on the side ol the Baggara, who showed no faltering in their last stand for the rule Of th», Soudan. Says one correspondent, " They*' were not driven back; they were aft killed in coming on." Another declares, " The ground was absolutely white with the jibbahs of the slain." It was the old, old victory of drill and good arma- ments over the most reckless courage and the most unbounded devotion. To call it fanaticism does not explain or derogate from the greatness and dignity of that hopeless stand in an impossible attempt, any more than to say that is was a mistake diminishes i¿he gloryoï the charge of the Light Brigade. The Khalifa's rule had to pass, but the setting of his sun was rendered glorious by the conduct of those soldiery who "were not driven back" AbduUabl'e conduct recalls the story of the colonel who explained to hie officers that they - were to fight as long as. possible, and ' then fall back, "and as I'm a bit lame'., I'll start off at once." Like another Monmouth he left others to bear the brunt, and passed into the darkness that awaits the ruler who set« all on the hazard of a die and loses, leaving to Ute -.' British his" capital, his harem, his treasure and hie country. 