THE HAUNTED HOUSE AT EUSTON. The story of the haunted house near Euaton has brought forth a orop of curious inquirían, eomo bold spirits having even volunteered to oooupy it, and one gentleman , being desirous of taking it aa a repidence. It need hardly be said that the fantastically attired conjuror, whose photograph the Sooloh M.P. found in tho hou*>e, and whom he subsequently confronted personally at a party in Belgravia, baa not again been heard of, but the manifestation, it seems, did not disappear with him. Unaccounted sounds were heard nightly until some weeks ago, whon tho third family of oooupants mado a precipitous flittiug. O.io lady who ha« bean interviewed tulls of a teriiblo night she spout in tho house as a guest of a family who oooupied it some two years ago. Hbo Bays, ' I am u-ually a sound »leeper, but in that house on my fimt and only vibit, about one a.m., 1 was awakened by a feeling that somebody had drawn their hands across my tum plea. Looking up I saw, gliding through the doorway, the retreating figure of a man, whooo feet did not soum to touoh the floor. Paralysed with fear, I could neither shout nor rise, and I suppose I must have become unconscious* It was probably an hour later that I remembered everything, and ruae to fiad two miniature oil paintings lying on my dreeaiug table. The landaoapeB did not then recoil any place within my acquaintance. I was in the act of raising one whon .the feeling crept cold over me that I was not alone, and saw the phantom of a girl with long hair outlined on the window blind. I shrieked, and fell to the floor, and it was some weeks before I fully reoovered from the shook I had received.' Another person who had oooupied the house-an iron-nerved old soldier-related that his bedroom bell rang repeatedly down- stairs, though no ono in the house touched it. Being no believer in ghosts, he deter- ' mined to know what it meant. Aocordingly, he had all the Strippings removed, leaving the bell wire bare. Still it rang, while every indi of wire throughout itB length was being watched by himself and some friends. On another occasion there came a series of most deliberate raps at the dining-room wall. Casting his eyes in the direotion of the sound our informant Baw the head and bust of a woman, whose face was unutterably sad. * I was not frightened, only perplexed,' said the old gentleman, 4 but when one night the piano gave two or three bars of music, though all the members of the household, including our only pet, the oat, were in another room beside me, I made up my mind it would be best to leave." I believe another family has had to leave since we did.' 