DAY OF BEST. THE QUIET THINGS THAT endure: Br E. aiurriTii-joKKS, B.A. " What I tell yon in darkness, that speak ye in light; and what ye heat1 In the ear, that preach ye npon the housetops."—Matt. z. 27. Out Lord here lays before Hre disciples, as parfc of their training for the apostleship, we programme of service and experience Which lies before them. The outlook sketched for fchciu in this striking discourse 18 uot veiy inviting, but it was necessary that they should know exactly what was in fiont of thetri, and He told them in plain and unmistakeable terms. There is a pa thetic contrast between that little band of men and the great task to which thev are being culled. Viewed from the outside, tlicy are but a timorous and obscure com pany, with no special qualifications for the proclamation of a world - wide message. we treasure is in earthen vessels. Hub their Master is full of encouragement as well as warning. They are to be bold and steadfast, and faithful; then the message they have to deliver will surely win its way. Xdie whisper will some day swell into a world-wide, thunder; the secret told in e8s become a universal and abiding possession. "Fear not men, there lore for there is nothing covered that shall not be revealed, apd bid that shall not be known, M hat I tell you in darkness, that speak Ve in light; and what ye hear in the ear, that preach ye -upon the housetops," oo much for the immediate context, of ■these words. I wish to take the idea they embody as the seal and justification of the Christian pulpit. Jt- is to be the place where the message told in'darkness is to be proclaimed in tlie light. Jt is 'to he the voice of the neglected but potent voices of the spiritual world; the advocate, of those influences, and motives, and truths that shape and regenerate life from the' inside; wlncli work in gloom and obscu ri^y, but are at the root of cvorv fair growth, every upward movement. It' is the institution through which that better part, or lire, wJiii'l) is ignored and trampled on, ""t j o.fted at by the world, is to be vindi cated mid enthroned. Jt is the witness of the eternal in the world of time; of the divine in a society where tlie divine is too often forgotten in the devilish; of redemp tion and of heaven in the midst of sin and worldhness there is no other human in stitution which lias this for its proper func tion. Its work can therefore never be superseded, can never grow out of date. Jjeu mo speak to you specially of these quiet, unobtrusive, gentle, but regal tilings of •testis Christ, that begin in silence and darkness but. at last emerge into the day, ^ finally shall rule the universe*. J.'ir.-t, let -us dwell a few moments on the fact that 'all great, and - i;;i] forces begin their action in silence and secrecy." in looking out on the order of Nature ye are struck with twy classes of forces. .1 here are Hie energies of tumuli, and there are tliose of quiet and peace. The earth quake, tlie storm, the thunder, the grind insf ana (lashing of the tide on 1h<; rocky shore, the ro.^r of five, (lie erasn of the avalanche--these stand for the l.rst. And then lor the other, we may lake Hie silent encigies of the fight; the vast, tension of gravitation, which keeps the stars in their courses without a sound; the leaven of Ice, wliicu surges through Nature without noise or friction. In contrasting these two kinds of force, we may say broadly that the silent forces in Nature are her constructive and vita! |cices; the forces that, proclaim themselves in loud tumults and frictions are ihe forces ol conflict and destruction. ko long as Nature is in equilibrium of movement, there is no sound to mar the perfect pence o;; her activity; when that equilibrimn is disturbed she is filled with grinding shocks nun tumultuous throes till the ha'.nice is restored Did we not know this wo might, think otherwise, for what appeal 1o our atfeution mainly are the forces of disi.-ir parlies awl alarms. },„(. the igln. tails from heaven, it. broadens into dav, and dies into the night without ■ a murmur or a sigh. The flower and the oak tree grow from seed and acorn with out calling attention to their expansion; im man yet. heard the voice of the spring except in a. figure, though in a few weeks it changes the whole face of the earth. Contrast (lie vexations and intermil tent, ncises of a. great city with the quiet and effectual operations that go on in the earth in the period of her growth and fruitful itffe, and you will find an instructive par able of the way in which (bid works in peace and quieluess, because lie lias all His forces under perfect, control, while man wastes half his energy in frictions be cause he Jacks even self-control. Tlie coun try is quiet; its blessed silence is only • >y 8on"' t!ofl is there; the town ■ is filled with clatter and tumult, because man is there. And yet, were it not for the country, the town would soon cease lo he. t In human life and social lire the same tnel IS to lie observed. Tlie great forces of progress take their rise in flic secret places, and are horn unnoticed in hours of o.arkncss. There are people who live so much in tlie visible and Ihe vocal that they forget thai their true life is chiefly out of sight. The engine-room of a great factory is the quietest room in the place, though it sets nl 1 the noisy machincrv in motion, and the springs of'human conduct are mainly out of sight and hearing, not only of others, but even of ourselves. You can give only a part of your reasons for anything that, yon do; the rest can only be guessed at oven by your own closest act of scrutiny. Philosophers are givuig more and more room in their systems for the great area of sub consciousness that underlies the conscious life of man, and the profoiiTidest students of human nature are those who make most allowance for Ibis. Influences from outside, and from above, sink silently like seeds into the soil of character; presently they bring forth blade and . leaf, and we see them in their results; but in their working thev often «ive no sign. In the rush, and bustle of life we foiget or do not know this; it is only in the hour when we retire lo think and meditate and pi ay that it becomes dimly known to ns. It is a salnlary mo ment for every man when he has faced and learnt this lesson effectually. He will be stirred to watch himself with a more apprehensive eye, and lo pray with' greater fervour, when be lias realized that there is so much going on in his heart at which he can only dimly guess; ami" he will say more devoutly than he could have, done before, "Who can discern .his errors? Cleanse Thou nip from secret faults." Hut let us keep to our conscious life, and we have but. to consider a moment to realize that the silent, modest, gentle forcer, of life are the most notent. In every man's life there is the outward part which he passes in the hustle and rush of business, in which he gives ut terance to his surface thoughts arid plans. JJut to get. at the motive forces of his career we must go within, we must get at. emotions and im pnbe-', influences and desires, that possibly he never hints at in his conversation v.iiii oiliers, and does "not, alwaygfdrmulate even to himself. KncJw'these and you have the Key to his character arid history: ignore them arid you iare: outside the possioiUty of acquaintance with the real mam Take a wider sweep jnto national life. , We hear in the newspapers of the shock of parties, the axvaying to and fro of opinions, the wrestling of contending poli ticians for place arid power: and we might think that political life is like a vast cauid Jonyof eels, each tryirig to get its head above its fellows.: We read of murdersnud criires, df lawsuits and trials, of all kinds ■ of distiyimnees and catastrophes, of wars and massacres. And out of these con temporary records presently wise men will weave what is called, a history of the times. History? The real history of any people c&i; never be written in this way. History is the record of work, not of destruction; of progress, not of that which hinders and retards^ it; and the root of great move ments lies not in the kind of stuff that fills our-newspapers, but in the unrecorded part of life, in peaceful industries, in happy social relationships, in home affections, in the growth of knowledge, and art, and morals, and religious faith. It is these that go to the making of any nation; but they are facts so subtle, and so even in their development, that they can be measured only at long intervals by the happy ripen , ing of their results. . - . Let me now go on to say that religion is the gathering together into form and sub stance and power of all these quiet and divine forces that make for true life, with a viev/ of giving them "their rightful place iri our thoughts and affections." Jesus came to reveal, vindicate, and en throne these great and neglected facts. If en forget God, in whom they live and move and -have their being. .Jesus came and spoke_ sweet, and unforgetable things to-His httle "company of God and life and iirimdr tality, and sent therii forth into the world to make His message known. Men forget - righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. He came and discoursed gra cious parables about these gentle ministries and truths. Men forget pity and kindness, unselfishness and compassion in the passion of wild excitements and grinding competi tions. He came and unfolded the rich pos sibilities hidden in simple emotions, simple aims, simple but sublime heroisms. Men' forget about reformation and forgiveness and renewal in their frequent failures, and in their too ready despair at their failure. •He came to show forth the star of hope that hangs in the murkiest sky, and the glimmer of dawn which hovers on the edge of the blackest night. He spoke His mes sage softly, and His voice was not raised in the idreets; on the hillside, wayside, lake side He gathered and wove the meshes of tlnSfte blessed parables which are as baskets — of silver for apples of gold. And then He sent forth Ilis disciples to give utterance and emphasis to these quiet truths that lie at the roots of life, human and divine; to speak in the light what they had learnt ■ with Him in the darkness, to proclaim from the housetops what they had heard from Him in the ear. This is the perpetual function of re ligion, and those .who teach it, in the pul pit and elsewhere. We live in a world so full of tumult and controversy and wrest ling that it is needful to be continually reminded of the existence and essential im portance of these divine factors of life and character. Thousands do forget thein; they live, for the moment for material tangible ends- that loom largo at the time only to varisb like smoke when life comes to an end. Thousands laugh at them; they scoff at Churches and chapels, priests and evangelists, sermons and psalms, and yet if they paused, and considered their own life, surely they would see i hat it is only in so far as they have some flashes and remnants left in their lives of the things which these institutions and offices exist to vindicate thai they are kept from utter decay anil desolation. And tVrere are those who are so absorbed in the struggles and fierce battles of the world's restless affairs that t-bev never give a moment to these other realities that live in the heart of their lives, though often so far from their thoughts. ' Jtut these quiet things of God are the things that endure." They outlive dynas ties and nations, rise fresh and youthful fjom the graves of the institutions and movements to which they give rise, and gently renew their life in the ashes of burnt out theories, dogmas. Churches wared, to give them immortality. The Gospel of the truth and grace of God is the onlv thing that lias a real earthly immor tality. Here is a littje poem that. J cut out! of a "newspaper during the last election:— yesternight, whew the smoke was thick, I svt silent ami heard the brawl— " Chamberlain," "Morley," " Harcourt," out, Till I grew weary and sick of all, Went out to watch the darkening even, Sought tiie touch of the airs of Heaven. Half a mile on, a sodden song, Mounting above in a girl's sweet breath, Brought me to pause, and T caught the words, " Victory, Victory, over Deaih," \- From a little Chapel so deep in green, The psalm was heard ere the place was seen. These be things that last, I said, Shadows we are that shadows pursue, Triumph and weep over vanities, Strut anil fret and make much ado— Verily, Christ, as He did say, Is with two or three who meet to pray. So while the people sing and prayed. These ba the things that endure, I said. Yea; "these he the things that endure." A hundred years heuee it. will count for little which party is in power to-day; the great will of God will lie worked out through and in spite of both. The bril liant perorations and passionate personali ties of our leaders, which we read so eagerly morning by morning-—or think we do—what, will they matter a year hence? Hut the I'arable of the Leaven, and the Prodigal Son, and the great story of the cross and of Him who died thereon- these will matter; and they will matter more and more as the centuries roll- on. Whether you will make your fortune or not will not mat ter to you very much—or at all—' in that /still anil quiet: hour when you will be lyuv; .near the darjc portal, and you will have to leave all you can seeand hear and handle; hut yon will crave for some words of the blessed Hook that lies now so quietly on the shelf, perhaps out of sight, out of mind; and you will grasp at its promises of pardon and acceptance as you now grasp at other things. I have stood beside many deathbeds, but have never found man or woman then in a mood to prize the thou sand interests and ambitions that occupied their thoughts from day to day; but in the stillness and the darkness they have strained ears and hearts to listen to the quiet words and saving message of Jesus. 