THE CHRISTMAS 'OBSERVER.' A portly number is Uiat of 'ThcAdeloidc Observer' for rhrii-tnia». It in u*ued to day, and is full almost to repletion willi meutul pabulum of a vorv whole *omc . ami digestive character, varied mnuglt in ;ill coiittcieiM-c t-j »uit the omnivorous reader mid the opituiv i:likc. Humour in rr.mjiaiit in the story of In* popular Avriur Heron Shaw, 'An Aj)o-tutc Mormon in Australia,' which is replete with episode* having the tou--h of satire ami a I'uutl of comicality almost (.?ilbcrtiiin. The marvellous exploits of the alleged modem Crusoe, dc Kougeinont, pale before ihc experiences oi .lyhn Thistle, sailing master iu Flindcrs's ship the InveH tigator, An jjruphk-aJly related by him through C. Tad, under the title 'A Ship mate of Flinders.' The hero out-Jonahs the prophet lonuh in his cruise in a whale'? inUrior. mid np|irars to have enjoyed him sell a deal bcltrr ns a paxteiiKcr, being a man of inr greater resource, and possessed of sailor-like energy, in which Jonah was lamentably lacking. The narrative is an i\\\ ecerlin^ly clever skit ii|ton de llougcmont. and reads remarkably well; moreover, it it nrufuseJy illustrated in a ft vie that, lo use u i-iiimncn phrase, 'goes the other man one letter'' for sensation. A nhort story, 'A Man, a Woman, and a Snake,' might suggest a uotnble episode which started the wandtrincB of our race, but it happens to be a pleasant little yarn ot* the btifth in this prusiic end of a century imtcad of the year one, when Adam had no tailor. Another writer tells of the fate of Lady Rollestoifs diamonds in an interesting fu sluon; there is a charming touch ot nature in Florence Marrjatts 'The Christ Child.' and infinite pathos in Lilian Miller's 'Little Tim,'' a talc of a street waif; and Racy Schlank has woven romance round a native custom in her contribution, 'The Feathered Shoes.' The name of Fergus Hume is «o well known as a weaver «-f strong yarns of human interest that it I* -iilnchnt to *r.- that he has contributed a ghost story. .\pt illustrationsarcsciUm'd through the letterpress, and readers will lind everj- page packed with absorbing matter, solid or light, and in some caret* blended, because, in addition to what lias been enumerated, there arc literary titbits, notably, 'Whut Christmas Bring*,' verses, scraps, and u,uips in plenty. The lwdy of 'TI.e Observer' couUiins the usual big budget of news up to -late, and with the numl-er goes a coloured copy of a painting, 'Consolation,' as touching in it* signifi cance as that pathetic picture iu our Art Gallery, 'All that was left to hvc,' which has brought tears to the eyes of thousand* who have studied the sweet faced Jittlc maiden mourning ovrr a dead goldfinch. In 'Consolation' die child, dis tressed at the destruction of a doll, has a syni]»thizer in a faithful dog— the drawing tells its own tale. 