THE ORGANIC NATURE OF SOCIETY. Mr. R. Murray Smith writes the following letter to the Argus. It cannot be too. widely read or known. As in everything, Mr. Smith touches nothing that he does not adorn. Mr. Smith writes : — ' I did not form one of Dr. Cock bums' Suodav conrretration nor can 1 gather from your necessarily brief report, tho nature of the aigu ments used to support the dogmatic assertions which appear to form the main part of his oddreas. I confess at once that I am one of those old fashioned people who ' read yester day's newspapers,' who in other words, prefer tbe highways of human experiences and teachings of great men, to the newest and ohoicest brands of socialistic clap-trap. I bad supposed that individualism ? I what the historian calls ' the wish , of every human being to ameliorate own condition '-was the beet folly oomjrity of progress, 14 and would do jj^jjjjleto make a nation prosperous j and cbee|i anv ordinarr miairorar*- I Well, I am willing to sit at the feel of this new socialistic Gamaliel, and to listen to the words of wisdom which he appears only too eager to utter. But, ns a preliminary to fur. ther instruction, may we ask him to explain bis own meaning a little more clearly? What does he definitely propose to substitute for the time honoured system which he so con temptuously condemns ? What is this co-operation which he defines as the soul of business? We are threatened at present with a co operation in the wheat market, which is likely to be productive of some unpleasant results in regard to the price of bread. Is this the soul of business ? In the United States ' the liberal shepherds give a grosser ' name to this sort of co operation. They call it a trust or ring, and, indeed, they sometimes use much stronger language. But I suppose Dr. Cockburn will claim for his co-operation the title of ' altruis tic '—that word so dear to socialistic iargon. May I then further ask Dr. Cockburn what sort of an altruism it is that he desires and recommends? Does he desire that every man should recognise his moral obli g&tion; to help, as fur as he can, his less fortunate neighbour ? ?' Tbere needs no ghost; m 7 lord, come from tbe grarc To tell os tbie.' That is an obligation which good men, in constantly increasing num bers. have long siuce taken to heart, and have been putting into practice. To say nothing of individualistic England and America, wo need go no further thau our own country for illustration. Is there any country where not only * the tear for pity,' but''tlie haud open to melting charity ' is more conspic^ a'amfe aMJOrn ? ? .. 110 Din t the Old Colonists' Homes ? Who are the subscribers to tho Bush Fires Relief Fund, the Sewer Dteaeter Fund, and to every cuse of distress made known and vouched for ? Que of the very richest men in Victoria died lately, j In addition to the immense tax I which ho knew the Government I would exact from his estate, he : bequeathed a considerable portion of that estate to the charities of the country where he made his fortune by the exercise of truly individual ! istic virtues, by energy, industry, : and economy. Alas, these virtues have no place in the altruistic creed as taught by Dr. Cockburn. This creed is something very different — it teaches tbat every man, idler, loafer ordrunhard, should have a claim for support on everyone else, and that this altruism should be made compulsory by act of Parliament. And it is for this that we are to throw away all our -lear bought ex perience, all the teaching of history, all that liberty, truly, as the old poet says, ' a noble thing,' which was got for us at such cost ! In the course of somewhat lengthened life, x nave met, even in tbe ranks of competitive commerce, with some interesting specimens in this kind of altruism. They were eminently philantropbic, for they sold goods at lower prices than they promised to pay for them, lived on the proceeds, and gave the rest to their creditors. They were mostly fools, and not infrequently rogues. They ended their career generally in the Insol vent Court, occasionally in goal. Is it altogether so foolish sometimes ' to read yesterday's newspaper?' February 16. 