SERMON FOR SUNDAY. First Recorded Words of Jesus. By Ljltb Rev. C. II. SrnnOEON. And wlion they saw Him. thoy were aimmed ; and Ufa mother aald unto Illm, Son. why hast Thou thus denlt with ual behold. Thy father and I have sought Thee sorrowing. And Ho sahl unto thorn, liowis it that yo sought Mo? wist ye not that I must ho ubout My father's busincs..— Luke it. 4B, if). ihese words uro very interesting, becauso they aro tho first recorded utterances of our Divine Lord. No doubt Ho said much that was very admirable wliilo yet a child, but tho Holy Ghost has not seen fit to record any thing excopt theso two questions, as if to tench us that childhood should be retiring and modest — a stago of preparation rather than of observation. Wo hear little of a holy child, for modesty is a precious part of its character. We ought, therefore, to give nil the mole earnest heed to these wordH, because thoy stand lit the very forefront of our Lord's toaohing, and aro in some respects the unnouneomentof His whole life. Spoken as they wore at twolvo yours of age, wo may regard them as the last words of IliB childhood und tho first words of His youth. If all our youth 1md tho same mind which was in Christ Jesus, what evidence wo should have that the Spirit of God had boon working upon our ohildrou, and was now about to spcuk through our youtli ! 1\. Notice, first, that Ho evidently per ceived most clearly His high relation ship. ' Mary said, " Thy father and I linvo sought Thee sorrowing." Tho child Jesus had heon wont to cull Joseph His father, no doubt, and Joseph wus His father in tho common belief of those round ubout Him. We- read in rofcrouce to our Lord, even at thirty years of age, these words— "Being, as was supposed, the son of Joseph.',' Tho holy Child does not deny it, but He looks over the head of Josopli, and Ho brings before His mother's mind nnothor Rather. "Wist yo not that I must ho about My Father's busi- ncssf Ho does not oxplsiu this saying, hut it is evidont enough that He remembered then tho wonderful relationship which ex isted between His humanity and the great God ; for He was not conceived after the ordinary manner, but He had como into the world in such a fashion thnt it was said to Mnry, 'I That holy Thing whioh shall bo horn of tlioo shall be called the Son ef God." In a still liighor sense und us a Divine being, lie ohiimcd filial relationship with tho Most High, but hero no doubt Ho speaks ns a man, and as a man Ho calls God "My Father " after a liighor fashion than wo can do, beenuse of His mysterious birth. You notice that ull through His lifo Ho never anils' God "our Fatlior," although He bids us do so. Wo are children of the same family, and when we priivwenro to say, " Our Father, whioh art in heaven," but our Lord Jesus has still a filial relationship more speoial than ours, and ' therefore to God Ho says 011 His own aoconnt, "My Father." This lioly Child noxt pcrcoived the constraints of -this relationship. He says, "Wist yo not thut I must be about My Fnther's business ?" Write that " must " in capital letters. It is the first appearing of nn imperious " must " .which swayed the Saviour all along. We find it written of Him thut "IIo must .meeds go through SRmnria," und He Himself -said, " I must preach tho kingdom of God and again, "I must abide in thy house:" and again, " I must work the works of Him tlint. sent Mo." "The Sou of Man must suffer many things, and bo rejected of tho eldors." " The Son "-of Mnn must be lifted up." . "It behoved Christ to suffer."- As a Son Ho must learn obedienoe by tho things whioh Ho suffered. This First- torn among many brethren must fool all tho drawings of Hie Sonship— the sacred instincts of the holy nature; therefore He must bo about His- Fnther's business. Do you and 1 feol this Divino "must-"- as wo ought.? Do we ell feel a hungering mid a thirsting after Him, so tliut we must draw tiigh to Him? The child Jesus began also to perceive that Ho Himsolf personally had a work to do, and so He said, "Wist yo not thut I must bo about My Father's husinoss?" Ha had boon twolve years silent, but now tho shadow of tho cross began to fall ou Him, and He felt a littlo of tho burden of His life work. Ho perceives that Ho lias not como hero merely to work iu a carpenter's shop, or te bo a peasant ohild at Nazareth. He lias eemo here to vindicate the honour of God, to redeem His people, to suvo them from thoir sins, and to lend an army of blood-washed ones up to the throne of tho great Father above; nud therefore Ho de ntures thut Ho lms a higher occupation than Mary and Joseph oau understand . Yet Heinust go baok to the home at Nuzaretli, und for eighteen years He must do His Fathor's business by, as fur as wo read, doing nothing in tho way of publio ministry. He must do His Father's business by hearing the Father in secret, so that when Hu conies out He may say to His disciples, " All things which I have heard of My Father I have made known unto you." So great a lesson hud He to' teach that Ho must spend iinothcr \- eighteen years in learning it fully, and God must open His car, and wukon Him morning by morning to hear us un instruoted one, that ufterwards He may como forth the Teacher of Israel, tho Lord uud Muster of apostles and evangelists. Beloved, it is fully time thut wo, who p (gimps have reached 30, 40, 50, or 00 years, should now bestir our selves und say, " Wist yu not that I must he up and doing in my Father's business"? David laid to wait till ho heurd tho sound of a going in the tops of tho mulborry trees. Do you not hear the sound of a going now ? Then up and be doing ! 2\. Wo shall now think of the Holy Child's home. Hero I urn obliged to amend our version, and I am certain that the'corrcotion is itself correct. I am all tho more strengthened in this opinion because tho revised ver sion endorses the emendation. This is how they rend it : " Wist yo not that I must ho hi My Father's house? Thut is plainly a complete answer, and therein strikes you as more natural than u reference to business. If Jesus had only Baid, " Wist yo not that I must be about My Fathor's business?" it would not linve boon uny guido to them as to where Ho would bo, boouuso all His lifo long Ho was about His Fathor's business, but He was not alwuys in tho temple. IIo wus ubout His Father's business wlion IIo sat by the well nnd talked tothowomniiofSnmurin : and about His Father's business when lie trod the waves of the sea of Culilco. IIo might bo nny wliorc, nnd yet bo about His Fathor's business: but tho natural answer lo tho question was, "How is it tlmtyo sought Mo? Wist yo not that I must be in My Father's house?" Whoro should .Tcsus ho'but in His Fathor's dwolling-placo ? I doubt not that witli desire Ho lmd desired to cut thut pass- over wlion He should got to bo 12 years old, nnd ho old enough to go up to His Fathor's house in Jerusalem. IIo looked upon the templo ns boing for tho timo tho roslilouco of God, whore Ho manifested Himsolf iu un unusual dogreo, and so this holy Child looked upon thoso walls and courts with delight us His Futlior's liouso. It seemed most natural to Him that when IIo rcaehod tho place IIo should stay thoro. Ho had nover really boon at home before. Nazareth was tho plueo wliero He waa brought up, but Jorueulcm'B tomplo was on earth His truo homo. 3\. Lot us leurn this holy Child's special lesson to thoso who are sookers. Aro thoro any children of God who liavo lost sight of Ciirist? It doea happen at times that wo miss tho holy Child, uud it happens oftenest when wo nro happy m oompuny. und so aro tnkon off from Hun. Mury and Josopli wore, no doubt, dolightod with the festival, und so tbey forgot Jesus. When you miss hjim, perhaps you igill say to Him, " Lord, I lmvo sought Theo long ; I liavo been among Thy kinsfolk ; I have leon to dear saints of God and spoken to thorn, and lmvo said, 'Saw yo Him whom my soul lovetli, for I have lost Him?' " His answer is, "Where fore have yoit sought Me? " Ho is not lost to tlioso who long for Him. Cannot yon trust Him when Ho is away ? He dotli not always smile, but Ho loves us to. tho end. If yon are not walking in tho light of Hie countenance, vet you aro living in tho love of His heart. Jesus sees you when you do not seu Him; He has reasons for. hiding Him self whioh aro founded in wiBdom. Mark, beloved ones, if you nnd I want to find our Lord, we know whero Ho is ; do wo not ? Ho is at Ilis Father's. Let us go unto His Father : lot us go to ' our Father uud His Fathor, and let us spoak with God and nsk Him where Jesus is, if wo have lost His company. ' If thoro is over a timo when a man should pray mora than usual, it is wlion ho fools (laid nnd c'old in tho holy ongugemont. . Then go and seek JosOs at tho Father's, and scok.him iu tho Fatlicr'a work. Ono more, word, and thut ia to ainnors who are Booking Christ. T .would not say a word to disopurngo any who aro wooking .Tcsus, but I should liko to got thorn far bc- yond tho ' stage - of seokitig. Perhaps ''the lioly Spirit will:help them to do so ifl'givo Christ's word to thorn. " How is it tlmt yo sought Mo?" Dear, dear ! ' That is indeed a turning of things; upsido down. Our Lord Jesus lms ooino into, the world to soek and to savo tho lost, and is it not an odd tlijng when those who ' are lost got seeking Ilim ? Tlmt is a reversal of all order. " How is it," says He; "That yo sought Mo?" Now, if Iain a poor, lost sinner,. mud can. honestly say I am seeking Christ, there must lio somo blunder somowhero. . How oau . this be? How shall I raukc head or tiiilpf it? Here is a sheep socking tho shepherd ; r!' lost picco of sil vol- seeking its owner. Hav ran this ho? It will all oome>ight i®'/U will just think of this first. — that-" Jesus Christ is not far away. Ho is in-: the Father's house. "Whore is tho Fathor's house?" Why, all around us! Tho great Father's house ooyora the whole world and all tho stars : Ho lives everywhere. Ho dwellctli not iu temples msdo witli hands, liko this taheriiuelo or yon cathedral; the Lord is God ontsido, in the fields and in the streets — wherever you soek Him. Say not, who shall climb to heaven to find Him, or divo into the deeps to bring Him up ? " Tho Word is nigh tlieo." Hero is Christ in the midst of us! What nro you tookiug for, man ? Aro you seoking for somo spirit of- the night ? An old man of my acquaintance in great distress was looking for his spectacles. Dour,' good man,' ho eould not have soon it ho . had not had them on, aud ho ' 'was 'looking through his speotuoles, and by tlioir aid to find them. So, ninny souls aro looking after Christ by tho grnoo which thoy liavo received in Him. Josus is near;. Boliovo in Him. Recollect nlso nnothor thing, that Christ niust ho about His Father's business. And whut is His Fathor's business? Why,, to savo sinners. This is His great Father's delight: Ho is glad to bring his prodigals homo. Aro you seoking Jesus ns if lio would not bo found —its if it wore hard to mnko Him hear, and diffionlt to win His help ? Why, Ho is busy in saving sinners. Jesus sits on Ziou's hill ; He receives poor sinners still. Bo encouraged, and do not go about among your kinsfolk seeking Him, nor with bitter tears and cries of despair look for Him us if IIo were hiding away from you. Ho is not far from nny one of us. IIo stands before you, und Hu bids you trust Him. Look to Him unci bo saved. Do you look? You nro saved. Go on your way rejoicing. God bless you. Amcri. 