OLD-TIME MEMORIES. ANOTHER. CITY LANDMARK GOING. INTERESTING NOTES, - ] By An OjjD Ioentitt. J .Australia 19 too new a land in some respects Jp*^averuln8 hafantod by weirdmemories or -stalked through by ghosts—to have keeps, castles, abbeys, or fortresses^musty with use and iioary.~witti age7 crumbling walls covered" with ivy, mosses, and "Tichens, dark and I mottled by centuries of storm. She has no i sconoaAgesAgo of deeds of daring or romance. ours there are ruthlessly demolished now and again what wo -call-old buildings, where goxugs-onofanothor and calmer 6ort laid the ' foundations of careers of fame'or fortune or j both. Such a pile is being razed to the" ground in the main thoroughfare to-day—a building wherein men now proraineut in "Senates,—Courts,—and—Conventions—wore trained -.and, strangely enough, the adjacent - northerly block bad "a similar history. am RICHARD HANSON, . * .TjiQ_pr_esen.tliand8omepreifliso8of the Bank .of Adelaide were reared on the ..si to—among, other occupancieB—of the con suiting and -prac tising offices; of the old legal firm of Hanson, and Hicks, the co-partnership which, had a4 its "loader the massive intellect of the after- ■ "tvSrds Chief Justice—Hanson, tho-immediate prodecossor-of-the preBcufc.occupant of .that "high r-position.- The—writer—oft -wandered through the. fusty, dusty apartments, littered and lumbered as he considered then with tons of tomes.and documents which had produced to the woary waiters upon law's delays -smiles or tears, chuckles or sighs," but certainly costs," which are as sure as death and the tax-gatherer. In process of time the genius oba Hanson shone not merely at the Bar, but illuminated the Legislative Chambers, radiated from the Ministerial seats, and then in full-orbed effulgence hlazgd from the judicial Bench, whilerperhapsdhtfully-and uncertainly, it lightened ouriiterature. r ,rTHK HbSi!3T liAWTER." Alongside thd professional dwelling of Sir Richard Davies Hanson there was southward -in -King—iVilliam=strcet=but_iu—a_feiv__daysJ will not bo—aw hi to plastor- fronted-rambling series of rooms, crannies, nooks, cupboards, and some almost catacombsTfrom a portitjnof whose recesses came forth into the light of a prosperous sunshine Mr. Atkinson, a-Wesloyan solicitor, frequentlystyled "the honest lawyer," a "title—ivhich^aiways recftHs the story of the American man of briefs who directed that Only this and nothing more" should bo .graven on h is tomb, for overybod y won Id IMl) once repeat hisu'anic-by_sayjng,_liI)liJ_tliatJ3 Strange." Mr. Alfred Atkinson, as remem bered, was tall, thin, clad in tweed vest and nether garments strapped, with frock coat and tall hat, an da walk and manner somewhat like, in staccato gait, that of tho late Sir John Morphett. His practice was largely a family, estate, and consulting-business rather than a litigious connection. When he went up to where proctors and practitioners arc not needed, his vacated rooms were before long tenanted by Messrs. Way A "Brook, next" Way A Symon, next Symon and Bakowell; and after that woro devoted, liko other parts of the tenements, to lower purposes, becoming merely tho temporary roosting-placas of land agents, architects, collectors, auctioneers, dentists, hairdressers, and o'her minor- folk—wh o "do not count Jor much," when not politicians. THJ5 i'REMIKR, Last week this scribbler took a man "wTib lmd-no^fancy or imagination—no poetry or ibmanccin bis soTfl "or spirit—over tho-orst wliile but now vanishing homo of prccoclents, legal maxims, and procedure. But the story that down those back stops in that murky coll the to-day Premier of South Australia, the Right Hon. G. 0. Kingston, P.O., Q.O., M.P.I D.O.L., Ac., &e.;, spoilt laborious days and nights as conveyancing clerk, to Messrs. Wav & Brook produced no Rouse of awe or wonder. If liohad been told thathiscopper plate writing, like that of otliors, was -as clear and lovely then as now, no word would have come -from him, .though ''cursory" remarks often -Trrofoed—torn—sorely vexed compositors rvid big and other long-snff;ring and little-approc 1 ar brj~ toilers. Whether tho dogged determination, the stubborn persistence, the sometimes \- don t- carc-a-rap-for-a 11 vbod y-hii t-mysel fed nogs1 partly characterizing Mr. Kingston's political career since can be trnced to the early infiu onees of that, grim, wee, crabbed, confined hole- nntwoon bricks, is ari occult enquiry. j Doubtless he then had no prophetic glimmer of West Adelaide faithfulness, of a love of titular distinctions, of Hospital secrets, or of masterly management of wooden majori ties. tin, symox and ttie chief .rr-prtcu. ! Notb.-stter ho«swl-when ho oam« here from the 3outh-Kasto.ru district, after finishing his articles there, was Mr. J. If. ftynion. I11 -t.hose-long-ago-dav.s J. s.av/_much J>f him as for I years a client of the firm, as .Pressman--an ; acquaintane, ay, even a friend—and I. "mind 1 as though it were ve.3t0rrl.ay" his felicitating himself upon getting i'ntp an office with so j large and varied a clientele.-and so big a llti- | gicms connect! on. 'L'lio oor.ccrn was indeocl favoured at the time in having tho able sur- I viro.s of Mr. Kingston largely in its real- j estate branch, with his groat grasp of every thing pertaining thereto, and his wide acquaintance with other transactions; while | Mr. Hymen bv careful, plodding, hard work, which has ever since marked and boon 'a I secret of his brilliant, career, laid the early ] courses for the splendid professional structure 1 which bo has since rcarod. Tho phenomenal i success of one set of offices from which came the Gbiof .fustic", tho Premier, and the leader I .of the. Houtdy Australian, if not Australasian j Bar, dtisorvoi some recognition. No one ywould be more read v than the Right Hon. Chief JusfeicaWcay-rmwmb ovnr to .aver tliat"a"" great factor in the making of tlio firm was the masterly work of Mr. Brook -a quiet, perse^ vering labourer of ram talents, unflagging -industry,.and. jnarveiion3_r_esourcos,._a -great reader, a profound thinker, and oven a bril liant gonitis, while a sound lawyer -not an anti-climax. As for tbo then head "of the house whoso material shelter or shell is going and nearly gone, what should bo said': it w-ruld need almost, bis own incomparable power of balancing sentences, deftly rounding periods, .and gracefully and delicately with cultured fineness limning "the verbal picture, to adequately represent tho magic, like career of "in-marTy--res jvmt.s-tbo-greatest-.of .those, who occupied those legal dons. But are not his acts and words embalmed in Bhiebooks, written on-foundation- stones, moulding the lives of University men, recorded in tho Press, engrossed in parchments, recognised in charitable, philanthropic, religious, artistic, -agricultural, florienlt.iir.tl, and Masonic resuKs ; while, if it bo true that libMfftered \vor1~iT" over lost, his lectures,—addresses, speecl>esr oonversations, and even opinions, judgments, and sentences must he eddying to the outer /.ones and rims of sp.aoo and sound, mingling, perhaps, with the music"" of the spheres. 7TTE"TTT,r)—OTtnET! r.ASSES, I Let mo add that deeply in Iced was this deponent indebted to tho chief and other denizens in the old times of th>°o vanishing chambers for counsel and aid, and it has been a pleasure to recall facts and fancies that cluster about, the. demolished pile. Soon iho ..scene will he a busy one, for a handsome, -st-rue i-we with- -modern-i4oas-tuuh ng_7r.ipKi.sV.: sion in granite and other solid materials wtlF take the plaoe of theold brick' and limestone _ ditionary importanoe, hare been latterly called "cookeries. - 