SQUIRE JO N: OR' FOR THE LOVE OF A BONNIE SCOTCH LASSIE. By LT. GEORGE ItATHIOESNE. ?uthor of "Under Egyptian Skies," "Miss Pauline of New York," Etc. CHAPTER XIY.-THE aMAN WIHO OWNED THIE ENGINE. The information which Smithers-poor dejected Smlthers-conveys in such a melancholy manner is certainly amaz ing and terrible enough to daunt the stoutest heart "Jack stares at the other-he even re vSeats the words Smithers has used. Five aninutes too late, and the special train, laden-with Spanish soldiers,,hos gone to 'destruction. : efore his eyes, as plain as day, he can see the awful wreck, the dead and the dying, and among them, oh, hor zo's! the lovely form of his Highland lassae, the girl he loves. No wonder Jack feels for one brief moment as though paralysed. The reaction comes. Instead of tdead ly chill, he has a burning sensation pass over his whole frame, and experiences an earnest, furious desire to do some thing in order to save her from this fearful fate. Smither Is endeavoring to collect his sensenss--Smithers, who has, under almost every condition. shown such wonderful *nerve, seems broklen up by this dccree of Fate. And whitle he thinks Jack acts. It is Ah Sin who leads the way. The 1 Celestial never gets rattled, no matter .what accumulation of disasters overtake them. Jack feels a tugging at his sleeve which he knows or old, and casting his eyes-cround he discovers tie almond- t eyed retainer there. As Sin says never it word. Speech moay be silver, but si lence is golden; nd tills is no time to indulge in flighltts of rhetoric. .Jack sees the arm of the Chinese ex tended, and following the line of his finger he discovers what it is to which 'Ali Sin would attract his attention. The railway company's telegraph office. 'At sight of it Jack's hopes revive. True, ' he has sworn not to betray the plot of the rebels, but when the last resort is. gone and her life is in peril, he will feel compelled to do so. Better a broken vow than that s?:e suffer. So he leaps towards the office. Perhaps nearly, if not quite, sixty aseconds have flown since he first receiv ed the diru news-sixty precious seccnds. -during which the doomed train has been shooting on towards the destruction that -lies In wait. .?His positive intention is to have the :.telegraph agent wire the conductor In charge of the train, warning him of the -awful danger ahead, and having him use 'extr'a precautions. when approaching the bridge 'where the dynamite is supposed to:lle. - - i ,S.mithers ee's.him dash Into til office and stfi?Ls a groan. Perhaps this is for thierebels whose plan for strikhng a blow e't. their hated foes will fall through. ..t' any rate, he does not make the least -ttempt to heold-Jack in check, lut .~.iiaits results. Perhaps Travers is gone another inlnute or so. 'Already the telegraph key may be clicking off the- message that will hold thi train and warn the officer in charge of, the soldiers that not only do the rebels Jmnop of their design, but have prepared toaaunlhilate them. Smtlthers doubtless sees this in intaci intion, but when he looks again he d!s vovers Jack in reality'dashing out of the telegraph office. His manner is not that of a confildent Pign, ho, by a bold stroke, has accom :plis ed what he set out to do. "Oi the contrary, Jack appears excited h--s face is almost as pale as one who fias een a ghost, and he glances sharply fro itt to left as he runs towards 'U" ,fthr the manner of a man who Sseeka a remedy for some dreadful m =alady. As' he' draws near where Smithers stanids, he can be heard exclaiming aloud, as though to save even the precious seconds of time: ':` "Wlres down-Maceo raided the out skirts of Havana-impossible to -reachl .veni :te first station- no way of reach i ngthe. train-now been gone seven and a htlf minutes, and already four miles .,Yes, they can hear the rumble of the train among the hills-it comes very plalaly during a cessation of noise about tietStation. though gradually growing faniter and more distant. Jiack looks at Smnithers, who returns his distracted gaze with one of chagin,ll I forithe agent feels humililated by the .blunder that has occurred, though the I chai?ge In time may have only beer de cided on Just before the special started, Sin order to confuse those who might have :anyevil designs against the train. ?: ?Can you suggest anything?" cries `Jack, endeavoring to cudgel his brains to greater rapidity of action. S'W!e have no Wings to fly after them," I says the other, mournfully. '"The- more's the pity. Ieaven help thatporiir girl." ,And: horses. if we had thmn, would .be .iio mortal use nagainst even such a sldow trin as tiiis tle."-" 'Thii;t is true, but is there. n, other -wayt;, Think as you never did before. -eaW h can overtake the special, since .telegraphing 1S out of the question?" \- .Smithers Is looking down the tracks; :whiern they gleas in the lights beyond, "'-If we had an engine we might do It." Jack snatches at the idea like a drown lng-man might clutch at a'straw,. "Then we will have an engine ift it Stakesla thousand-live thousand dollars i \--all have in the world. Follow me!" he ejaculates. SThDetlought Which Snmithers has hesl tautigly advanced becomes an Inspira. I tion. He seems to grasp It with renew ed energy, and whlle speaking has start ed on a run down the station platform. Smithebr partakes In a measure of hi o new e'nthuslnFm, for he has an exalted concepD~on of Jack's abilities, and he-. lieves toe other ecqual to any emergency.e Such nen rids rough-Shod over difficul ties tht would paralyse most people I and coI? n at the finish many lengths ahead.·' SJack !e not started off at random hoagne mY kIowsa what he means to aceon?pih before setting out to begin. : S-ome moving object has caught his eye jlut.down the track--somnething that in tils criss of his existence looks more valutible thain the best paying mine In Sthe :Cripple Creek region. It is anenglnejustemerglng from a shed, upon a turn-table. Smoke is pouring from the Tlargst lId-styled stack, black smoke from btilring. resinous plnewood, than which few species of fuel will generate 'steam more quickly. This old-fashioned engtno, doubhless discarded years ago in the Nortihern States where those burning coat have taken its place, Is not a "thilr.g of beauty and a Joy for ever"-at least it would not appear as such in the eyes of:the ordinary beholder: but to Jack Travwr the case is quite different. \- It means a possible chance to soahe the terrible prabelm that has been suddenly acset before him-it means the ease of life and death iay yet be decided in favor of contiued etxlistezc. Under these cor.ditions. therefore. It can hie readily understood with what tre mendous eatlsfacti:o Jack starts in the dlirectilon of this locomotlve. .a A.l he advances with such a burst of 6 speed he takes liots of several thtngs. Ever'one connected with the engine seemn to bo in the utinost haste, and this I Is the more vonderful whei the fact Is taken into con.lideration that in such hot } counltrics as Cubo they do .nut, as a o general thing, use any too much siped in anything undertaken. . t He sees the stpker tossing pine - knotsj a into the yawning mouth of the fire-boa b whfiS the engiOe-ldrhver leans part - 'ay 1 300 .-i " + : :,+,.- . .i , .+ out of the cab window; his face streaked with grime.. but looking anxious in the light of the fire. Thus hearing down upon the scene Travers is not lorng in reaching tihe place where several stout men stand ready to turn the engine around on the revolving tal:le. To whom shall he appeal? Ile has absolutely decided that ques tion. Too men stand beside the trucks, one of them having an official air, and hold in, a paper in his hand that may be an order. His companion seems to be an ordinary citlzen-a Spaniard. judging from his olive skin and black hair. Jack instantly surmises that the oficla! Is th!:e pairty who can attend to his wants. and he means to obtain possession of that engine if money can buy it-indeed, such is his desperate frame of mind that, should his request, even when backed by the value of the old motor itself, be re fused, he may be inclined to jump on the engine himself, and at the point of the revolver force the driver to obey his commands. "Senor, are you In charge here? I have mi:sed the special by a hair's breadth. It is very important that I should over take it. I would have sent a message, buhilt the wires are down." The official shoots a quick bhut expres sire glance towards his companion, who Imovws a little closer, cocking his ears as though he takes an unusual interest in what Jack says. "Si, senor, the wires are down - that Miac'o is always on the move, and he keeps the wlres cut so that we in Havana may not know what he is doing. No one can send a message along the line. It is \ery sad." is the consoling remark made by the official. "But, senr.r, you did not answer my question-are you in charge here?" "For the ttight-yes," is the reply; but his mannr-r plainly asks, "What is that to you?" "I wish to :hire a special." "A what?" ejaculates the other. "A special-an engine to overtake thie train that left here sime nine minutes ago." The offieial thtrows up both arnts. "Madre de Dios!-another!" he gurgles. Jack does not understand - he only recognises the fatct that precious time Is being wasted,. and in a case like this time does not mean money, but human lives. Hence he shows impatience-it is na tural. "Senor. it is a case of life and death," he breaks out with, huskily, for the men ace swinging the Iron monster around, and Jack is inwardly swearing lie will contanl the destiny of that engine, come what may. "Alas! I am sorry!" with a shrug. "If money stands In the way. I am pro pared to pay you any price." 'That is not it ." "Then you have no authority?" "Alas! I have no engine." "This one will do, I am sure." "That is the only one in cenailitk at this end of the line, senor." "A thousand thanks." "But--" "tYe hesitate when many lives are In peril." "It is no longer under my control." "Senor, explain." "This gentleman is General Toledo. He has also missed the train,but bears autho rity to overtake it if the means can be had I have ordered out this engine. It belet gs to him since the Government con;mands. Senor. you must deal with General Toledo." Jack whirls upon the soldier in civilian attire. ite hass not noticed him larticu larly before, but now he discovers a man of more than usual determination, whose brilliant eyes are fastened upon hint as though he would read hint through. At the same time Jack believes the other to he a mlan who can be worked. Money talks in cases of this kind, es pecially with some men. "Ceneral, as I said before, it is a case of life and death with us to overtake the special. If you have the power to allow such a thing, I beg that we mas find a lodgment-somewhere on your engine: If a thousand dollars would be of any ser vice to you-" The other shakes his head. "We can talk of that later, senor," he smiles. "You consent?"-in sudden rapture. "Carramba! there is no one who can prevent me. I own this engine for the hour. And you say it is a case of life and 'death, senor. I sympathise with you-I offer you a chance to overtake tile spe c1al, which left fifteen minutes ahead of time.'! His manner tells Jack plainly that he has been entirly influenced by the pros pests of a heavy pecuniary reward, and not because he has a big heart. Never mind: it Is the end, not the means that he has in view. "Then you will allow us to accompany you? A thousand thanks, senor. If you on!y knew the facts, you would never re gret -your .teision. Smlthers,. do you hear that? We may yet win this game. thrnks to the gallant General Toledo. All is not lost by a big majority; and Ah Sin, he is there, too. You see, luck has tired of baffling us and turns about." Jack feels as though a load of a thou sand pounds had been lifted from his heart. There is a fair field and no favor now. It is all he asks at any time. The engine has been faced down the track, and a man dashes down to change the switch that will run it upon the main "Come. senors, all is ready," sings out Ceneral Toledo, as he swings himself up on to the enginequickly followed byJack and Smithers, wh!le Ah Sin clutches hold even as the engine bursts forward, 