MR. REID A1ND THE MUNICIPALITIES. The deliberations of the Municipal Associa tion yesterday at the Town Hall were broken in upon, and agreeably so it is to be presumed, by a visit from the Premier. His sudden apparition in that quarter was not exactly a modern illustra tion of the Mussulman legand of the Prophet and the Mountain. In this instance the mountain, as represented oy the Municipal Association, -was actually to have come to the political Mahomet. However, he simplified matters by directly making the approach himself, lhe association made haste to profit by the opportunity. The chairman at once proceeded to jog Mr. Eeid's memory as to the claims of the municipalities, and as to the propriety of assisting them by a farther endowment for 1897-98. Mr. Reid was gently and jocularly reminded that the half-crown in the £ which some time back he promised to add to thp municipal purse was still unpaid, and that it would be very acceptable now. The expenses incurred by the councils in connection with the adminis tration of the Public Health Act were mentioned by the chairman us further reasons why the ap peal for Government assistance should receive early attention. The affability of the Premier's reply to these remarks wa3 of the most ex emplary kind. It was almost gushing in its character, as long at all events as it kept within the region of compliment. He expressed his great admiration of the gentlemen who had come from various parts of the colony to &uch; a gathering, and who cheerfully devoted their valuable lime to the work of municipal progress. Their patriotic recognition of their duty as citizens had he observed so^ filled him with admiration that in the past he had perhaps lent too ready an ear to their requests. Hie willingness to serve their cause ami his sense of its import ance had, he hinted, sometimes landed him in a slightly awkward position. In fact, he con fessed that the yes-no attitude attributed to him in another 'direction might at any rate have been partially his as regards the half-crown. However, 'though he did not in specific terms take up the promissory obliga tion as to that particular coin, Mr. Eeid as he went on gave cheering assurance of his determi nation to 'meet as far as he possibly could the Views submitted by the association. He acknow ledged that lor the most part they, were just and reasonable. He had prepared an act in which nearly all the suggestions offered by the association were embodied. More than that, he had an open mind as to further suggestions. Hr. Eeid was rich, indeed, in promises. But when he came to touch on the question as to the probable date or their fulfil ment, the programme with which they were associated assumed a more shadowy shape. Still the words ' present session ' in this connection came as glibly from the Premier's lips as they had often come before, both from himself and his predecessors when dealing with the subject of municipal -reiorm. Yet the extra san guine mood which he assumed was not quite so pronounced as' to make him snggeBfc to his hearers the idea of municipal reform being really included in the work of the present session. Of course there is hardly any chance at all of such a thing. The parliamentary air indeed is thick with other matters, which most be cleared away before this municipal question, important as it is, can be dealt with. While indirectly alluding to that fact Mr. Beid temporarily seemed to lapse into a state of semi-melancholy contemplation as to what the future might bring forth for himself. From one whose outlook is wont to be so jocund this was as strangely doleful a note as that which found momentary utterances from Shakespere's fat Knight when going 'to the wars/' and for which he was reproved by a famous lady of the period. Yet, whatever Ministries may go and come, municipal reform is a question which will have to be taken up is a thoroughly comprehensive way. It ha8 ceased to be one of the shuttlecock order which can be dropped or eat going ae it may Bu.it the convenience of gentlemen who happen to take leading hands, in the general game of/ politics. But while waiting for the long-expected mea sure the energies of the various municipal bodies may, as it is satisfactory to learn, be directed now with more confidence than hitherto as regards a matter which, nearly concerns the whole commu nity. That is the carrying put of the provisions of the Health Act. Mr. Eeid said ttiat any expenBe incurred by the municipalities under present conditions in giving effect to that Act Bhoold be paid by the Government. It is, no doubt, only right that it should. But while expressing that opinion, it was not by any means superfluous for Mr. iieid to xecommend, as he did, the neoesBity of strict economy to the municipal mind. . ... In his life Queensland's deceased Premier gave to the world au excellent object leuon in what can he done by the lowly born in Australia ; and the'altitude attained by him in his 4 win profes sion's t-f Law ind. Politics enould supply- a radiant finger poBt to many a clever aspiring jouthon the track towards the goal of ambitions realised. It is true Sir Henry Parkes's distinguished per formance along- the earn e pith .evidenced all the possaibilitiea in 'a political career awaiting the genuine grasp of a son of the people: yet though the veteran soared high enough, bis was not ah ipdigecoa^ physical growth, whatever may be said of ' bis mental fruition. Bat the dead --man whom Queensland delighted to henor owed all to Australia— birth, edu cation, antl- fame— and jait ? at tre epocjh when the debt was being paid in full, with the certainty of the weight of the original obli gation being somewhat transferred, just when, in fret, the bright twaine of the Premier were on. the «re of more than justifying the confidence tepoieft In him, there came the great ending— the severance of the Bilver chord and the break ins: of the golden bowl. From the humblest rank the dead man sprang. In hie boyhood's days hie state of life was the lowly one «f milker and bare-lagged 'vendor of milk. But, fcs in the case of another distinguished Queensland lawyer, Mr. Justice Real, his natural parts and the promise of a big brain behind his fine forehead attracted the attention of his priestly instructors, and the early schooling and the guiding educational care of these good friends first piloted him over, the foothills, and subsequently totored and accompanied him op the steeper grades of the academic Parnassus. As a barrister, his acumen waa noticed by Sir Samuel Griffith, for. whom he, in the language of the bar, devilled. This course, of what maybe termed recognised ' ghosting,' brought fortune and a modicum of fame his way, aad also opportunity. Of course, he had luck-^-luck in the care and forethought of' his Church fathers, and luck again in his con nection with Sir Samuel Griffith ; but though all the luck, minus the will and the senius, might have formed him into a Plutus, it never would hav« raised him from the obscurity of a milkboy to the proud position of his country's trusted, honored Premier. To him, therefore, the greater credit; and to his early advieer8 the greater admiration. At a meeting of Jews at Broken Hill it was de cided to, what may be called, ' boycott ' the French nation, as a mark of sj mpathy with the ilMatetl Dreyfus. French goods are not to be purchased, nor the Paris Exhibition visited, and it is racoaimended that the Hebrew community, all over the colonies should pursue the same tactics. That such a course will seriously damage., the prosperity of France, and deal a deathblow to the success of the Paris Exhibition, there can- , not be the shadow of a doubt. But will it procure Dreyfus a fresh trial ? Ex posures, confessions, suicides, and the eloquence of Zola have failed, and the prisoner on Devil's Island seems doomed to stop there until hie death relieves his oppressors from the trouble he is now causing them. How ever, the sympathy is well meant, and even if it is not effectual it will have the good effect of teaching1 the French Government that the eyes of the Jewish residents at Broken Hill are upon them. In Jutnre they will hesitate b(efore pro ceeding to extremities on slender evidence with . one of the race of Abraham, Forbes should be prospering. According to a local telegram two -men succeeded in painting that town a very bright red indeed, and as these sort of sprees only occur when money is plentiful, it looks aW though the financial position of the district was -assured. The two gentlemen, after beating their companion over the head with water jugs and tumblers until he had enough of it and vanished, next proceeded to raise Cain in the approved ?? cowboy ' style. Biding into the bar of a hotel, charging up and down the .main street with brandished stirrup leathers and irons, ne trly running over people, and felling a horse, whose head does not appear to have been so hard as that of the man whom they assaulted with water jugs and tumblers, were the playful antics they indulged in. An encounter with the police, and final confinement in the' lockup followed as a matter of course, and the two gentlemen have retired from society for some months, and doubt less feel that they had a real good time of it. Mark Twain relates how, in a western town which had been very dull for some while, two citizens interviewed each other with shot ganp, aad the townspeople went round shaking hands and con gratulating one another on the good old times coming back again. Forbes, then, has reason to congratulate itself on this little outburst of exuberance of spirits. It shows vitality and a praiseworthy endeavor to keep money circu lating. The settlement of the terms of peace between America and Spain presents a new diiBenlty, according to a cablegram just to hand.. The Spanish representatives at the peace commission have received instructions from their Govern ment to resist the cession of the islands. But as the Americans seem to have made up their minds to keep possession of that group, or at least or an important part of it, it is highly pro bible that the Americans will have their f way. It is to be imagined indeed that the instructions now issued by the Spanish authorities have been prompted from other quarters, from Germany, France, or Russia, possibly from all three. The presence of the Americans in the Philippines could hardly be considered by any or those Powers as likely to serve its own particular in terests in the Far East. Britain is the one nation that can afford to look with satisfaction at a permanent American occupation of the Philippines. And of all British commmunities Australia has per haps most occasion for a ieelia-j of the kind. From American rivalry we have nothing to fear. Sat unfortunately the same cannot be said of the other nationalities which are in process of 'colonial expansion' at greater or lesser dis tances from our Continent. 