"Temmy on the Engine." A TALE OF THE QUEENSLAND BUSH. By Francis Campbell, in "Good Words." "Trowsers, bedad," said Dennis. throwing up his hands in astonishment. "Trowsers—no less; who'd ever a thought ye'd-such thundering foinc legs —ah' a rale Hailor jacket; wid stripes, an* whistle, an* silk tie, an' cap an' all. The Ltfd save us Mdbby 'tis because the Governor 'HI be comln' visitin' the station. Or is it a party? What's all the grandeur for, anyway, Master Johnnie?" " It's my birfday," answered Johnnie proudly, slapping the much-ad mired lpgs with his new whip. " I'm six now, Dennis, an' I've such a lot of presents. Daddle's gived me a candon." " Listen to that now. Well, don't be bonibardln' me In my humpy wid that cannon, just for practice ; like enough ye'ill be goto' for a sodjer. Tis -time ye were tMnkin' ay a perfe«sion now ye're six. What are ye goin' to be, anyway, Johnnie ?" "A hero." said Johnnie in the most matter-of- fact tone possible; an' sit on a horse an' kill dragons." " Like enough now," eaid Dennis, heaving a great sigh. " Will, I'll miss ye terrible, Master Johnnie; what an' lver I'll do widout ye at the rtngbarkln', and I may ixpect (trouble wid Cookie over the firewood splittin', bedad; so I will, sure enough, when ye're flyln' roun' wid a big sword killin' dragons. For all the world like Fin M'Oool. Did ye lver hear tell aye him, Johnnie boy y " N—o, no," said Johnnie, doubtfully. The name did not strike him as being at all heroic. "Ye niver ! Well, he was one ay thim ould ancient haros. 'Tls himself did a murderin folne lot ay killin*. Come down to the woolshed after tay, Johnnie, an' I'll till ye about him an' his dog. 'Tis mesilf will be glad to see ye. Slttin' there nil alone wid the ghost ay thim dirty black gins, tearin' tearin' up an' down beyant the creek all night; bad luck to thim Union men fur kapin' me out ay me bed these cold nights. May the divil fly away wid thim. that a man can't go .to bed dacent-like widout bavin" his wool burnt betaint bto back because yere shearers didn't belong to the Union. Did yere hear, Johnnie, there's a tralnful ay non-union!sta comin' up from Bris bane to-day for Camboonea ? An' they'll bring trouble wid thlm ; 'deed they will. Mr. Lawson's won't be the only wool burnt down, and niver a man dare stir to help, fur fear of bein' sarved the dirty same. 'Tis inesllf will be seem* no slape till the drays havv> cleared. But yo'll take care ay us all, Johnnie, want ye ?' " Yus," answered Johnny stoutly. "Good-ibye, Dennis, I'm going to «oe Tomray- onHthe-Engine." " Sure 'tis yesilf nivir misses him ; but I'm doubtin' if he'll stop to-day, honey, wid thim shearers in the train." " Hen bringing me a yeal sword," said Johnnie. " Oil, then he'll stop sure enough. So good-bye till to-night; an* long life till ye, Master Johnnie. May ye have, a hundred birthdays, an' each one longer than the last, though I've niver a drop ay the good stuf to handsell tho wish In." Johnnie understood the hint, young a* he was; and knew he was expected to carry Dennis something to " handsell ihe wish in" when he went to hear the adventures of the Irish hero. So he smiled gravely, and waved his hand to the old Irishman, as he shook the reins on Dolly's neck and went cantering off over the plain, on the edge of which Goodnoa station lay, crouching in the ?>ltter July wind. Overhead the any was a brilliant sapphire, coldly beauti ful; underneath an eternal motony of flat grayness, as level as a millpond. Behind Johnnies home the scrub began, and on the edge of the scrub ran the railway. Just there the plain led down into a steep gully, thickly wooded with blue gum, and myall, and gold-covered wattles. It was the end of July, and the cold frost and the westerly wind that scurried across the tree-tops, ought both to hare been goue to their homes In the far South, Instead of nipping the gum blossoms, and bleaching the grass and wattle-bloom. When the west wind blows every green thing flees away Into the earth to hide till it is overpast. Johnnie knew of but one green spot beneath the winter crky ; and that waa at the hydrant, where the thirsty engines stopped to drink once a day on the up run from Brisbane. There grew every kind of rare and beautiful fern that ever gladdened the heart of man, from feathery, climbing maidenhair, to great tree-ferns, spread ing out enormous fronds, all green and russet, for the butcher-birds to sit ou. There it was always green ; though that was not the reason Johnnie loved the hydrant better than any place in the world ; but because It was there he met his bosom friend, lan M'lan, whom he called Tommy. They wjgbe fast and firm friends, knitted together by a bond of pure and holy love. They had met on the day the line was first opened. Lan M'lan drovi the pioneer engine from Brisbane, and when he stopped to water at the hydrant, Johnnie, round-eyed ami wondering, was sitting on the fence above him. Johnnie, who had watched the line In destruction, and wondered what on earth It was for, was undecided whether fight or flight would be the wiser, when ths great puffing monster, breathing fire and smoke, glided round the curve aud stopped to drink at the hydrant He was quite sure it was But when the wizard who fear lemljr rode this fiery dragon sat down, and Tiecfconed, with a laugh, to the golden-haired child on the fence above. Johnnie sighed with relief. It was, he made up his mind, quite cafe to have dealings with an enchanter who smiled like that. He scrambled down the gully and sat down by the hydrant. " Hullo," Raid the driver with an oath lan M'lan was like our army in Flan ders in those days—" who are you, little boy r " I'gf Johnny. Who is oo V The driver gawd at the beautiful child's face for a moment before answer ing. Then he laughed again, and «aid grimly, "Tommy." " And what's that ?" said Johnnie, pointing a rather unsteady Anger at the engine. "That's my engine—Tonimy-an'-his engine, young sir." And he made a huge bow, as if he were Introducing himself as a part of his engine. " Toinmy- on-the-engine," murmured the child. It sounded quite grand to him. And so began an immortal friend ship. When Tommy's train came up every day, Johnnie was always sitting by the hydrant, astride a fallen tree, waiting to see the dragon drink. At first they exchanged civil greetings; then Johnnie, grown bolder, drew near, and sat on the engine step ; or Tommy shared the •tree with him, and they talked; or, rather, Johnnie talked, for he asked questions, and imagined the answers. And Tommy listened, and grew daily a little, and a little, more changed. It is not often that a man changes the habits of his life when he reaches 43, nor does it often occur <that he will change them for a little boy of 5. And yet this is just what happened. First he gave up swearing, fearful lest the child's parents might forbid him to visit the hydrant Then he gave up drinking. Not little by little, but all at once : because Johnny shrank from his kiss, and he knew it was because of the whisk} 1. And so in every detail of his life the child's influence reached out and purified him, making him lead a clean and wholesome life, that he miglK be fit in In own heart to say he was ever so little worthy of the love and admira tion Johnnie bestowed upon him so un stintingly. The only thing Tommy indulged in was smoking. He would sit beaido Johnnie with a short black pipe in his mouth, and watch the small face glow and quiver with delighted anticipation, as he undid the paper containing his dally offering. He never forgot " some thing for Johnnie," no matter how greet his haste. Oh, the joy of that brown paper parcel to the lonely little bush boy ! Before they knew each other, Johnnies world consisted of father and mother, Dennis, and old Willie. Now it was a world of delightful possibilities. He never knew what joy might await him at ithe hydrant when the train stopped. What strange and wonderful things grew in the enchanted country where the train came from—oranges, purple figs, great date plums, yellow pears, custard apples, bananas, sweet things of all kinds, sueu as Jonnnie had never imagined m (his wildest moments. Then sometimes, oh, greater joy ! there were tin soldiers, trains, waggons ; once there was a fire-engine, that pumped up real water. An engine like Tommy's own, that went by real steam. Then the picture and story l>ooks. and the Illustrated paper for daddy. There was no end -to Tommy's benefactions. The child, when he Mid his prayers, awakened to a sense of of the reality of His goodness, when he thanked God for sending him Tommy. The only thing that Johnnie was troubled about was the engine ; he was always afraid it might resent his friend's freedom with ft. This haunted him to such an extent that he brought down his chiefest treasure to the hydrant—an old rusty cavalry sword— and with much earnestness besought Tommy to wear it. "In case he did try to swallow you up, Tommy." lan M'lan concealed his great delight, and gravely fastened the sword to his leather belt "Blest if the Angel isnt "Hftln* * bloomln' looney of ye," said the stoker, with a grin, as they slowly moved away. But the grin died as he encountered Tommy's eyes. No one ever cared to get on the wrong side of lan M'lan. (To ba concluded.) THB CHILLAQOB RAILWAY.—THE BURVBYORB AT WORK, THE OHILLAOOB RAILWAY.—THE COMPANY'S SURVEY PARTY. 