THLE NOVELISlT. MURIEL'S ATONEMENT. BY CLARA MULH OLLALND. I had been feeling far from well for some time. A sharp attack of influenza, followed by a still sharper touch of pneumonia, had weakened and depressed me. Change of air and scene, with plenty of variety and amuse ment, was Ltsolutely necessary for me, the doctor deolared. If I did not get this soon he feared the consequences. I smiled sadly, and looked at my mother " We are not rich, doctor. My father could not afford to take us all away. and to go anywhere alone would be ',o dreary." "Most certainly, and not to be thought of for a moment." "Then i must stay at home, take my tonic, and hope for the best." And I heaved a deep sigh, little dreaming of the delightful invitation that was even then on its way to me. My mother's only sister had married a wealthy man without bu iness or profession. They had no children, ani as they were both fond of travel and excitement, had no settled home. They wandered here, there, and everywhere. And often for a year or more we had no idea whether they were in Europe, India, or America. Eight months had now elapsed since my aunt had la-t written, and it was, therefore, with extreme pleasure that I (the very day after the doctor's visit) received a letter from her, announcing her arrival in London. She and Uncle Tom were tireJ of roamingabout, she said, and had made up their minds to stay in Elngland for the next two or three years at least and had rented a furnished house in Yorkshire, where they intended to reside as much as possible. " We are anxious for once to spend a happy English Christmas," she wrote, " and have invited a number of friends to come to us both before, for, and after that time. We are to have constant relays of visitors all through the winter. Our first arrive on the eighth of December, so you muse meet us on the seventh, and travel with us up to Clseve Pall. I will expect you to stay all the time, as I must have someone young and pretty to help me to entertain my guests and make things pleasant. So be sure you come with out fail, dearest Celia. T611 your parents, with my love, that they must do without you for one Christmas. "Your loving, "Aunt C arry." '" P.S.-Be sure you bring plenty of smart frocks, as we shall be mare than gay. I en close cheque to cover all expenses." This was delightful. The very thing I wanted, and most joyfully I set to twork to prepare for my visit. This, thanks to my aunt's generosity, I was able to do in a 'magnificent manner, and on the day men tioned by her I left the rectory with a trousseau, the like of which I never dreamed it possible to possess, and with which I was perfectly enchanted. The journey into Yorkshire was accom plished with ease and comfort, and my aunt, uncle, and [I arrived at Cleeve RHall in excel lent time that,afternoon. We looked out eagerly as we approached our new abode, and as we dkove through the old wrought-iron entrance gate, up a long avenue, we werefilled with.admiration. Cleeve Hall stood in the midst of a fine park, and was surrounded upon all sides by noble oaks, tall limes, and stately waving -frs. It was an irregularly built, but pic turesque, mansion of red brick, with large bay windows ant wide balconies. The lawns were well laid out and planted with such a variety of beautiful evergreens that even in the dusk of a December afternoon the place did not look as desolate and dreary as one would have expected. Inside, the house was luxurious, and was furnished throughout with such excellent taste that my aunt and uncle were delighted. That evening we dined alone, and, as I was.weary nd tired after my,journey and unusual excitement, I bade " Good-night " early aud retired to bed. My room was a curious one, and my feel ings upon entering it were not altogether agreeable.. The bed, which stood in an alcove, was draped with blue silk curtains; the walls were hung with tapestry of quaint design ; a large bow-window, very high from the ground, with a perfect staircase of steps leading up to it, occupied all one end; whilst a handsome wardrobe of inlaid satin wood filled up the other. several candles burned brightly upon the dressing-table, but their 'light was not suffidient to illuminate the distant corners, and I grew somewhat neryous as I peered into their unfathomable depths. "Grandeur is not always pleasant," I said with a shiver. "I was more com Sfortable and happy in my own little poorly Sfurnished room at home than in this fine chamber.". Then, laughing at myself for being so silly, I hurrifddly made my preparations for the nlght, blew out thc candles, and crept Sinto bed. For some time I lay watching the firelight nooni the wails and ceiling, and then a drowsy numbn'ese stole over me, and I fell asleep. SBut allat once a noise like the tapping or "uttering of a bird against the windows startled me, and I sat up agitates and op pressed The room'was now in complete darkness. The fire had died down in the grate; the window curtains were closely drawn. . Then suddenly,, out of the gloom, sur rounded by a halo of brilliant light, the agure'of a young girl, niad in a simple white dreess, a blue ribbon?ouand her waist, dame gliding softly across the floor, and stood at the foot of my bed, gazing at me with sad, sweet appealing eyes. I tried to speak to her, but my tongue clove to the roof of my mouth, and no sound came forth as I marvelled who she could be, and how she had entesed the room. The door was shut, the window fast bolted, But as I wondered her lips parted, and in a low but distinct voice she whtspered : " Tomorrow you will meet one who has suffered much. You will know him by his pa e, proud face and melancholy eyes. I destroyed his happiness-you must restore it. Be kind-be kind." I gazed at her, trembling, and tried to speak ; but ere I could reply her form faded, became shadowy, indistinct, then vanished, leaving the room in darkness as before. I felt sick and faint. A cold perspiration stood upon my brow, and I lay with dilated eyes staring into the gloomy corners, afraid to move, afraid almost to breathe-wonder ing who this strange visitant could be, and how she had managed to enter my room. Then gradually amy terror subsided. It was one of Ihe servants playing a trick, or walking in her sleep, I told myself. She must have entered by the door whilst I slept. To-morrow I would complain to the housekeeper--and better still, lock the door -and then i need have no fear. Agitated and excited I tossed from side to side upon my pillow, the strange words I had just heard ringing in my ears. "It is absurd-I will think of them no longer," I cried. " And t shall take good care never to bear them again. A girl in the habit of sleepwalking snould be watched, and not allowed to wander at wil! through a house at night. I wish I dared get up and follo her. But," shivering, "I dare not I-." And .hen at last, utterly worn out, I fell asleep once more. When I next awoke the morning sun was shining brightly in at the window. The curtains had been drawn aside; my bath filled ; my walking dress laid ready upon a chair. My aunt's maid had evidently been in, but had gone away without disturbing me. Surprised that I should have slept so soundly and so long, I sprang up and, dressing hurriedly, ran down to the dining room, where I found my aunt and uncle be ginning breakfast. Aunt Carry and I spent a pleasant morn ing wandering over the old house, and many and curious were the things it contained. " This, now, is a charming room," cried my aunt, leading the way into a small inner drawing-room. "This I shall keep as my own particular sanctum." It was a delightful little boudoir, panelled in white wood, a wide oriel window, and a finely-carved chimney piece covered with exquisite old china. Over the fireplace, framed into the wall, was a very beautitully painted portrait, and I started and trembled as I met the sad sweet eyes of the girl, who had appeared so strangely at the foot of my bed, the night before," "Why, child," said Aunt Carry, "'one would think you had seen a ghost. That pretty portrait seems to alarm and fascinate you. You look quite pale." " Who is she ? I gasped. "Does she live 'here ?" "Certainly not, and who she is I cannot tell you. Some daughter of the house. Hnt we took the place through an. agent, and know nothing of the family. -he looks charming, I think." " Yes-very." " And this embroidery, Celia--isn't it ex quisite? And this pieceof eevres ? Oh I [ must fetch Tom to look at this." And as my aunt went away to find her husband I sank upon a chair, my eyes riveted upon the pic ture. Then hearing my aunt and uncle re turning I escaped upstairs. On the first landing I met Aunt Carry's maid. " I have taken your things into a smaller and pleasanter room, Wiss Celia," she said. " Your aunt thought the one you slept in last night to, big and gloomy." "Oh, thank you," I cried. And with a sigh of relief I fllowed her into a charming daintily-furnished little room, looking ont upon the flower garden. "I shall say nothing of what I saw or dreaint last night," I de eided, looting round me with pleasure. " I shall be happy here and sleep peacefully. they miiht laugh adid jeer-perhaps tell the guests as they arrive-and that.1 could not stand. I shall forget the whole thing asfast as I can." At tea-time that afternoon a merry party gathered together inthe old oak-panelled hall, and I was duly presented to the newly arrived visitors. When I had recovered from my first shy-. ness, I looked eagerly, anxiously round the room. The company included persons of various ages. There were elderly matrons and their husbands, young girls, and several unmarried men. But not one corresponded with the description given to me by my ghostly visitant. There were dark men and fair-many jovial light-hearted fellows-and one or two with an air of biase dist ontens But nowhere did I see the "pale proud face with melancholy eyes."' Upon convincing myself of this I heaved a sigh of relief, and laughing at my folly in thinking serionusly of what must have been a dream, I joined in the lively chatter that was going on around me. That evening 1 put on a pretty white silk, with a hunch of scarlet berries at my breast, and ran down to the drawing-room before dinner, feeling well pleased with myself. I was looking quite my best, and reflected with a satisfied smile that at all events my aunt would have no resonto be ashamed of her niece. "My dear Celia, you really look charm ing," was Aunt Carry's greeting as I entered. " Mr Goring must take you in to dinner. And see that you are extremely nice to him." "Mr Goring, auntie. Who is he ?" 1 cried in astonishment. No one of that namehad as ra as I knew arrived that atteruroou, and I could not think whom she meant. But at this moment mysautzt had t attend to her duties as hostess, and dropping into the background I ,tood watching our guests as they came pouring in one after the other. But no one appeared whom I had not seen at tea-time, and I decided that auntie had made a mistake in the name, and meant one of the gentlemen whom I had already met. Quite satisfied with this explanation of her words, I was talking to a lively young American lately arrived from New York, when I heard my uncle say : " We are all assembled Carry. I trust they will not keep us waiting for dinner." " No, no. It is not time, dear. And Mr Goring has not come down yet. He arrived late." " Another guest." My hands trembled, and I let my fan slip from my fingers. Mr Barnes stooped to pick it up, and I looked quickly towards the door, which at that in stant opene,) to admit a tall, spare, and extremely refined-looking man. He hurried across to my aunt with outstretched hand. " I am so sorry and apologise profusely," he said in a clear, sweet voice. " But my train was late, and I did not arrive till after the dressing-bell had rung. I trust you have not waited for me.' " Not at all. You are in excellent time, Mr Goring," said my aunt, smiling upon him, and from her manner I saw at once that this man was a favorite. "Celia, my dear, may I introduce you to Mr Goring ?" she con tinued, drawing me forward. " Mr Goring -my niece, Miss LiUndo." He bowed, and as I looked up and put my hand in his my heart stood still, and I trembled and grew cold as death. In the pale proud face and handsome, melancholy eyes of Mr Gerald Goring, I felt sure I saw the man whom the apparition predicted I should meet, and to whom she had begged me to be kind. During dinner Mr Goring did not prove a lively companion, and it was with a feeling of intense relief that I rose up and followed the other ladies from the room. That night I slept little. I was excited and ill at ease. When I put out the lights and got into bed I lay open-eyed and breath less, hoping, fearing, dreading that the ap parition would again show itself at the foot of my bed But it came not " Perhaps the room makes a difference," I said at last. " I hope so." And I fell asleep. Next day I scarcely saw Mr Goring, as he started early for the moors, and it was too dull and damp for the ladies to join the shooting party at luncheon. In the evening he did not sit near me at dinner, and as I watched him surreptitiously from the far end of the table, I noticed that he spoke but seldom, ard was absorbed and preoccupied. "The man has a sad story," I reflected. "I wonder what it is ? She said she had destroyed his happiness, and that I--" " You are looking at Goring, I see," re marked my neighbor, Mr Barnes. " Isn't he a melanoboly fellow ? I wonder what's the matter 2" I astrted and blushed deeply.. I was an noyed to be caught watching one of my aunt's guests, and the man's words irritated me. " I guess he's not what one would call a ladies' man," he continued. " tie was quite lively on the moors, but the moment we ap proached the house a cloud seemed to fall upon him." "At the thought of facing the ladies." " Perhaps. At all events in the house he is silent, depressed; out of doors he is quite good company. Have you known him long ?" "Only since last night. My uncle and aunt made his acquaintance at Monte Oarlo two years ago. They say he was quite dif ferent there." " Then it must be the air of this old house that disagrees with him. Perhaps he has seen a ghost ?" " A ghost !" I sank back with a little cry, as before me seemed to rise the shadowy phantom in the white clin.ing dress ; .and the tad wail of her voice rang once more in my ears. I destroyed his happiness. You mstre store it. Be kind-be kind.' "Yon are ill, Miss Lindo. T'ake alittle wine. Theroom is too hot," cried Mr Barnes in much dist.ress. "Nt,. no. Please don't notice me, or at tract-ny:aunt's attention. It is rather hot, but it is not that. I-" " I had no idea you were so nervonus. It: was foolish of me to talk about ghosts, and, of conrsee, it's all nonsense." "Oh, of course," I..'ied, recovermgnzir self-possession. " It was niot-but see, my aunt is going." And I sprang gladly to my feet. The next day was one of brilliant sunshine and hard frost, so were the three sueceeding days, and then the ice being declared strong enough to bear, the younger members of the party set off together to enjoy a few hoars' skating upon a lake, in a beautiful demesne, some miles away. As I seated myself to put on my skates, Mr Goring nsuddenly appeared at my side. "Allow me, Miss Lindo," he said smiling. Surprised beyond measure, I gave him my skates, and I could scarcely believe my eyes when he went down upon one knee before me, and deftly fastened the straps. And when he stood. tp again and askedme to take a touCra lwith blm:,round the lake I was. Sstill more astonished, andudvery thankful that, having Sipent tWo winter in Bt 'Modhite, I was by no means t poor i~erformeer. Mr Goring was an excellent skater, and as we skimmed lightly over the ice he un bent as be had never done before. Hee.was a delightful companion, and asI glaktined at she clean-.cut handsome features, the?pald clear skin, the short aristocratic lip, and animated intelligeqt face, I marvelled more and more at the gloom and depression from which he usually suffered. After this the days flew past in quick succession. The fine, frosty weather con. tinued, and we spent most of our time upon the ice. Visitors came and went at Cleeve Hall, but Gerald Goring still lingered on. amongot us. He talked frequently of going, but was always persuaded to prolon 'his visit by my aunt and uncle, who appeared to have con ceived a strong affection for him. And I? When be was near I was bliem fully happy-when he wandered from my side and talked or walked with anyone else, I felt envious and dissatisfied ; when he spoke of leaving us my soul was filled with anguish. His smile was more to me than anything in the world, its very rareness making it the mote valuable. So the days wore on, and on Christmas Eve some of my friends an1 I went off to gether to decorate the village church. " Many hands make light work," and in a short time our wreaths were hung, our plants and fl-wers arranged to our satisfac tion, and we wandered out of the church amongst the old moss-grown graves. Presently I dropped behind, and, careless of where I sat, sank down upon the grass beside a pretty white marble monument, and almost unconsciously I read the short in scription : Sacred to the Memory of Muriel. Aged Nineteen. " Poor thing I How young," I sighed. " But perhaps, after all, she was saved from a world of pain." A hand was laid upon my shoulder, and looking up I saw terald Goring white and agitated standing before me. " Come away," he cried. "Oh, come away." I rote at once and followed him out of the church-yard, ard in silence we strolled away across the lonely moorland. "Miss Lindo," he said after a time, "how was it you came to sit near that grave 7" " I cennot'ted. Chance I suppose. I felt tired. and sat down without looking where." "A dangerous thing-a most dangesous thing to sit out of doors at this time of year. But do yon-have you ever heard that girl's history " " No, I never saw or heard her name till now." " Ten years ago," 'she said with emotion, " she and I were engaged to be married." I started round, and looked with eyes fall of pity into his pale, handsome face ; but I made no remark. "I loved Mutiel passionately, devotedly," he continued. "Sue was very lovely. A dainty little thing aith eyes of the purest blue, and hair like spun-gold, growing all over her pretty head in a myriad of tiny curls, But she was self-willed and could not bear to be crossed in the smallest thing. Her parents were wealthy, and bad, ill her life, humored her smallest whim. Eight mponths of the year they lived at beautiful Cleeve Hall, the remaining time-" "In h leeve 'Hall ? Oli ' Mr Goring, was -she one of the Leighs r"' . He'bowed his head. ' Mr Leigh's only child. She was killed by a fall from her horse?before my veryeyees " SL How terrible I" "Terrible indeed. And all the more so when one remembers that her death was caused by her own folly and perverseness. .In a fit of childish bravado she one day in sisted upon jumping a fence, which I assured her was dangerously wired upon the far side. "' I can easily clear it, and I will jump it,' she cried, and away she went. " Oh, God 1" he murmured, "how plainly I see it all. The lovely pouting lips, the defiant pose of the golden head as she flew past me on her spirited little mare. Then the awful crash- The sad hours beside her as she lay cold and dead upon the ground, whilst the groom went in search of acarriage in which to convey her back to the Haill The last days-the funeral--and my heart broken departure from the did House-from which I went vowing never to eurnm." : ." And yet you came,"' whikpered through my tears. " How you must have suifered t" '-8uffered ?" he said, turning suddenly, uad looking straight into any eyes, "yes-at ' e aused abruptly, :.m?d;- stooping, gataiecei of aPn.piece of-.hea?ar ",id placed it Ain hl: -.buttonhole. : : *" I· set your rsusleuand. punt abroid, as I ldare say 'hey have l o, diess Lindo, and we bec ge *s.t frieuiis.iiThe ktiew nothing iof my stpr, ~wbhentiy took the Hall they at nce:iinted me t come' to them. My lrst inclination was to refuse. I hesitated. Something drew me to the old place-and I came. In the house I was deoressed, miser able. The thought of IMuriel haunted me. I sa'w her at every turn, and I resolved to go. But go I could not. Something compelled me to stay. As the days went on I grew more peaceful. In the open air-with you, talking to yon--'" My heart beat tumultuously, and I dared not raise my eyes. "1 gradually became happier. A weight seemed lifted from my heart;. When you were near I forgotpapt'trtoubles. I 'felt able mileton-to laugh. I seemed to.grow young again. Old meuoiles'iaded. Things that used to pain mn did eda:O more. In the boudoir hans Muariel's portraiti and I have Slooked k itjtwithout a png. I-", " MirielF'r Oh, then, tae she," I cried, " who came to e.tol me.?I 2recognised her atonce wh ?sIhaWthe "po.r t.ra.' And SIstatmitered a i t a fnfl Ei.ltton of the a.ppasrition bitha had 'viited .ab upon the night' Jiny' arival:'stOleeve IdlL "'How marvellou 1" he adir ured, with changing color and :in an alwe-struck voice. "Did you see her more thtn onse 1" "No, only once. And 1 was nervous overwrought. The Blpe Chamber is big and gloomy."g "' he rbom in which they laid her."--he covered his face with his hands-" at the List." " It may have beena dream-a-a fency-" "' No," he answered, polemnly. "' You saw sweet Murie! --of that I am convinced. But why did she come-to you ? Did she speak ?" !'Yes," with criasoun cheeks. "bbe-she told me I should apeet you-described you acurately." SHow strange I And, oh I Celia, was that all ?" " No, she told me to be kind to yon." i' My darling, she wished to atone.' He caught my hands and held them tightly within his own. "And you have helped her bh your kindness. But, oh I Celia, can you love me ? You have heard my story, know how I have suffered, how my happiness was wrecked-can you-will you trust yourself to me ?" I raised my head, and looking up shyly into his face I whispered t ' V.s, for i love you, and long to see you hbppy." " My love, my wife, you shall," be cried' nýid-drawl?g me to his breast he sealed his pioruise with a kiss.-" Auckland Weekly ?Newvs." " 