artist who is at present visiting the colony, lias secured-very nice rooms in Hamburg Chamb&^s, Hay-street, for his fine collection of pictures, and during the three, days of the private view the studio Was visited by a large number of leading residents and public men, who expressed their surprise and admiration at the size and beauty of the paintings. Many of the visitors expressed a hope that some of the largest and most important canvases would be purchased by the Government for the Art Gallery. Two pictures of great beauty and especially fine treatment as regards effect are views of New Zealand scenery, viz., " Lower Otira Gorge" and " Lake Manapouri," and it would be a thousand pities to allow such works to be taken out of the colony. The Gorge showing the coach road which encircles the maintain side, the snowcovered peaks-%ith their heads amid the clouds, the heavy mists hanging cloudlike midway down the ravine, and the mountain stream which glides its serpentine lifay through the depths, are all finely depicted and bold in treatment. In the lake scene the shafts cf sunlight which pierces the clouds and floods the hillside and placid water with a golden glory are truly lovely tp contemplate — the rugged Gorgep^ and placid Lake are notable scenes, which act as foils to one another, each showing up more pronouncedly the others' beauties. Two companion views of the city of Perth and the river from a point near the brewery, are charming. In one, the scene is illuminated with the roseate hue of a brilliant sunset, .where the pink clouds are reflected in rose tints in the smooth water, and the citjf in the distance is Venice like in its beauty. |?he second painting is the same scen<ri>n a cloudy, grey day, and to some this may prove the more attractive'picture of the two. The soft grey clouds, which give not one hint of blue behind them, are treated with a softness and delicacy equal to nature, and the reflection in the water is well and truly given. Some patriotic Perth resident would perform an act worthy of all praise were he or she to purchase this pair of views for presentation to the Gallery. Some of Mr Peel's paintings have been purchased, and are being exhibited in the Art Galleries of the Eastern colonies, and it is the artist's intention to exhibit a series of large pictures of Australian scenery at the forthcoming Paris Exhibition. Lady Forrest, who visited the collection on Monday afternoon, was greatly pleased with the pictures, and expressed a strong hof>e that some of the pictures would be purchased for the Art Gallery by private individuals, if not the Government. Other visitors on Monday were;—Mrs A. E. Morgans, Frs E. Pretty, Mr and Mrs W. M. Purkiss, Mr and Mrs W. E. H. Nicolle, Mrs George Thyne, Mrs G. B. Stronach, Mrs Atkinson, Mr and Mrs Nanson, Mrs T. Stratham, Mrs H. Mosey, Mrs John Davies, Mrs and Miss Tassie, Mrs Alex. M'Donpld, Mr and Mrs Moffatt, Mrs L. A. Woolfe, Mise Creeth, Miss Huntley, Miss Taylor, Miss Mathesen, Mies Marion Goode, Miss Marshall, Mr A. K. Money, Mr A. W. Rogers, Mr J. G. Hearman, Mr E. J. Bickford. Literature, Arti lite But words Are things, .and a small drop of ink, Exiling like dew upon a "thought, produces that which makes thousands, perhaps millions think. To ail American magazine certain novelists have contributed articles on " My Favorite Novelist and His Best Books. Dr Conan Doyle's favorite work is " Cloister and the Haarth," Sir Walter Besant's " Huckleberry Finn," Bert Harte's " Monte Cristo," and Anthony Hope's " Tristam Shandy." This is Mr W. D. Howells' opinion .—'" I think Thomas Hardy is the greatest novelist, by all odds, living to-day in England, and next to him, or with him, I should put George Moore. I found ' Esther Waters' one of the truest novels I had read. I like Thomas Hacdy's ' Jude.' It deals very daringly with life, but it seems to me it deals honestly; it ventures far, but, I believe, with Tolstoi, that anything which treats iaithfully. of life cannot be immoral." Nat Gould's new novel, "The Famous Match," is the tale of an imaginary Derby in which the winner is an Australian horse. t . • •• Mr Morley Roberts has gone to Switzerland in order to obtain material for his novel dealing with Theology. Charles Charrington's latest work of fiction "A Sturdy Beggar," and "Lady Bramher'e Ghost" (E. S. Wigg and Son) are two realistic and original studies, in which hereditary mania form the motive. The style is convincing and the language forceful. The book w$l be found of more than usual interest to the ordinary reader, and will be read with pleasure by those interested in psychology. "Undine," a translation by Edward Gos8e of Baron de la Motte Fongue's fanciful conceit of the river maiden who gained a soul by marrying a human being, is amongst Wiggs' collections, and will be appreciated by those who have not read tne original. It ie quaintly illustrated by F. M. Rudland, and the style is classic, elear-cut, and simple. One can only gain by the perusal of such a book, and one's education is unfinished without a knowledge of the allegorical story. Quite recently in London the sale of Sir Edward Burne Jones' beautiful painting, "The Mirror of Yenusr* realised the sum of £5,722. The very lovely picture represents a number of young girls in classic drapery and flowing hair admiring their beauty in the'clear surface of a small pool in a meadow. The girls have been weatf- ing daisy-chains, *nd wreath,ln£ .their hair with "them? "'SomBf with'aTi&s;" "aloft, are placing the flowers among their darn locks; others are kneeling at the edge of the pool intently gazing into the water which reflects their image like a mirror. 11 is au ideal scene, and one worthy of the prictf paid for it. Mr Percy Spence, an artist well-known in Australia, is engaged in designing a special cover for a novel written by Mi- Herbert M'llwaine, entitled " Drinkim ar," which deals with life in the Australian bush, and is to be Bhortly published by Constable and Co., London. One of tl.e quaintest and most sympathetic of Austin Dobson's poems ;s the following.— THE CUBE'S PROGRESS. Monsieur, the Cure, down the street, Gomes wilh his kind old face— With his coat worn bare, and his fatiaggling hair, And his green umbrella case. You niay see him pass by the little " Grande Place," And the tiny " Hotel de Yille." He smiles, as he goes, 10 thefleuiiste Rose, And the pompier Theophile. He turns, us a rule, through the "Mavche " cool, Where the noisy fishwives call; And his compliments pays to the " Belle Therese," As she knits at her dusky Btall. There's a letter to drop at the locksmith's shop. And Toto, the locksmith's niece, Has jubilant hopes, for the Cure gropes In his tails for the pain d' e'pice. There's a little dispute with a merchant of fruit, Who ib said to be heterodox That will ended be with a Ma foi, oui! And a pinch from the Curb's box. There is also a word that no one heard, To the farrier's daughter, Low; And a pale cheek fed with a flickering red, And a Bon Dien garde M'sieu! But a grader way for the SOUB Prefet, And a bow for M'amselle Anne ; And a mock " off hat" to the Notary's cat, And a nod for the Sacristan. Forever through life the Cure goes, With a smile on his kind old face— With his coat worn bare and his' straggling hair, j And his green umbrella case. In the. late Marcus Clarke's interesting paper' on the Future Australian Race occurs the following:—It is an absolute fact that, religion is in al|'-cases a..matter of diet and climate. The Greek, with pure air, light soil, and placid scenery, invented an exquisite anthromorphism, in which be deified all his own attributes; the Egyptian, the Mexican^ and the dweller by the • - anges invented a cruel and monstrous creed of torture and death. The influence of climate was so strong upon the ancient Jews that they were constantly relapsing from Theism into the congenial cruelties of Moloch and Astarte. Remove them into another c untry and history has no record of a people save, perhaps, the modern Pagans of our universities, more devotedly attached to the purest forms of intelligent adoration of the Almighty. The Christian faith, transported to the Libyan deserts, or the rocks of Spain, became burdened with horrors and oppressed with Saintworship. The ferocious African's Mumbo Jumbo, the West Indian's Debel-debel, are merely the products of climate and the result of a dietary scale Cabanis says that religious emotion id secreted by the smaller intestines. Men " think they are piouB when they are only bilious." Latest issue of the " Sunday Chronicle " was certainly the brightest and newsiest of the papers 1 ublished last Saturday nigiu. Our contemporary has the good sense to keep clear of re-hash and consequently' is worth reading right through. CLARE'S WEEKLY will shortly be named " WESTRALIA." At the Theatre Royal on Monday evening, September 12, the Thespians will not IOBB " Caste"—so says CLARE'S WEEKLY - (in the near future " WESTRALIA.") * Band contests are a very popular item of Amusement in the Eastern Colonies, aud at such great excitement and very keen competition ensues. Last year the Queenstown Band of Tasmania were the succesfsul winners of the Blue Ribbon,, playing on a full set of instruments supplied by Messrs. Jerome, Tl-ibouville, Lamv, and Co. For these famous makers Messrs. Nicholson and Co., of Barrack- st.,. are the sole agents in Western Australia; and in their music warehouse is now a complete selection of these celebrated instruments, which are alBO supplied by the makers to the whole of .the French Army, as well as to other military bodies. Sir John Lipton believes in advertising in ILLUSTRATED papers, and this enterprising man gave a donation of £700,000 for a benevolent purpose. Gem • from tie " Chronicle," the leading Sunday paper-: "There is always on beautiful loqely butt iu all well regulated finaneial statements." • Mosfis and the other blokes DID laugh when they saw this. Our scathing denunciation of the- " Sunday Times'" thievist proclivities has taken effect. Readers of that paper will, notice that in last issue the acknowledgement " Kalgoorlie Miner" is carefully placed at the end of an article clipped from the Duatopolis journal. • • 1 . . . The U.A.O.D. Lodges of W.A. have reserved fifty seats in the stalls for the Cottesloe Home performance by the Thespians, when 1 hey will probably appear in full regalia. This act is quite in keepingwith the Druids'*>ver ready desire Co help on a charitable object. It is said that there is further talk of starting an Australasian Volunteer- Brigade in London. This force is to consist of a cavalry troop, battery of field artillery, and a-rifle regimezit. The uniform to be worn by this brigade would be similar to the brown field service dress of the N.S.W. Lancers. It, is reckoned that that there is a sufficiently large number of Antipodeans now resident in the Hub toform an Australasian Brigade. The Thespians are showing W.A. entertainment promoters HOW to advertise. Apparently there iB nothing sheddy about Thespians mode of doing anything^ BYRON. 