copvBioirr. CHATTES XII.-" IT LS A MOOSE OP D. ID thc days tliut followed the scene dinner table matters went mare smoot Wy vern Gardens. Mercy put a stroii| on the outward expression cf her feelic Colonel Boca, and peace was appa patched up between them. Mean« hil parafions for thc wedding were h forward, and ten days later the marring place. A fortnight's trip on the Continent « the time which the Colonel said he coule1 ' from his business affairs, and as soon ai returned the arrangements wore complet closing the London house, aud going to he had termed one of his places i country. As a fact lie had merely rent having chosen it witli great care to cart thc end he had in view. "~ It was a large, old, rambling house, i Beachley Court, on a very dreary, wild f the coast of Suffolk. It stood almost o: verge of some low cliffs, and a long stret the garden had been protected «gains inroads of the sea by a steep stone k water. The need for this was appa because at each cud of the stonework thc had been washed away to such an extent che house and gardens stood on a kii small promontory. The land belonging bad gone out of cultivation, owing part] its poor nature and the heavy tithe wlm carried, and partly because of the condui its owner, a wealthy, but half-mad, rec who had gone to live there iu the latter ¡ of his life when out of conceit with the Vi at large. He had allowed nothing ti cultivated except the garden where hu wa every day, and this had only been rou tended. Hating his fellow-creatures, and ing means to indulge his mania, be had boi up almost every homestead and cottage where near the Court, und liad either pi them down or shut them upend allowed t to go to ruin. 'I'hue for miles round plaoe there waa scarcely a habitation of kind, and the desolate dreariness of the i was awesome. Tho house itself bad been well-fnrnisl and the Colonel added many things to incn the comfort of his wife aud thc two gi He desired that there should be every cvidc of bis wish to do all that lay in his potvei make them happy ; but he explained ilia must, of course, take some little time to m the surroundiugs of the house what t should be. The impression upon Mercy and Lullu 1 very strong. They arrived io the gray of the even after a drive of seven miles from the neal railway station, and thc ruined houses, cultivated fields, and wild, barren dist! through which thc greater part of the ri lay set up a feeling of lonesome helplessnt which increased with every mile of I journey. "It is like au accursed land," said Lal drawing her wraps closer as thc keen air fri the sea came driving across the waBte. Thc Colonel was in high spirits, tinctui with indignation against the late resident. "The loveliest district in England," said, airily, " and the healthiest. It has be out of my family for some years, and the c man who lived here had a spite against n knowing the place must bc minc one day, a did this ;" and he waved a hand to indica the despoiled condition of the land. "It seems a very flat country, Manuel said his wife, nervously, beginning to affected by the lonesomeness, but afraid say so. " My dear, wo sre far above the sea, at over there," pointing in u direction in whi< there was nothing but rather dark mist, ' a the loveliest hills that the eye of man ci wish for. You will be charmed with tl Court. It is old, and rambling, and quain foll of the most delightful galleries ar passages, with rooms ia little out of the wa corners where you nould never dream i looking for them." "I hope the place isn't haunted," al replied. "My dear child, how can you say suoh thing ! Here we arc, at the clo e of th nineteenth century, the mott practical contur in the history of .the world, the ' heir of al the ages,' and you talk of ghosts. I wis there were. I should welcome them-posi tively welcome them." " 1 shouldn't," said bia wife, with a shudder "And I hope the drains are all right," sb added, more practically. " These old house are often in « dreadfol state." " Yon may be quite oertain about that, returned the Colonel, smiling oynically " The old misauthi . pe who lived here for si «?any years kept all bis love from other foll to give it to himself.'' . Mercy listened to the conversation betweei the two, taking no part io it, but watohlnf the Colonel, ?eeing always the evidence of hil falseness, and wondering with a goowint, feeling of fear why fae hadhrongbttbeni«le»r loiuohaplaoe.- . »", a'a.tt £ba ant jan int through MUD/*, «ad tauaj her hand, found it gold, and the two moved oloser together as ii with a mutual instinct of consolation. " Is lhere a doctor anywhere near. Manuel ?" said his wife again, with a pause. " It would he dreadful to be taken ill at such a distance from everywhere." " Upon my word, I never thought to ask," he answered. " But there must be ; thia old man died, so Borne doctor must have attended him. That's pretty clear evidence," he added with a sneer. " But itdoeBu't matter so much EB it might, since I know a good deal about medicine, and Juan, who will be down next week, has studied it. Bul you can't be ill in a place like the Court." " People may be taken ill anywhere," was the reply, spoken rather peevishly. " lt makes me rather-I mean, I dupe there will turn out to be one somewhere. How far is thc nearest town, Manual?" "Oh, only about a mile or so from the station. Quite close for thc country. You should live in South America, my dear, away in one of the outlying spots, thirty or forty miles from everywhere. Theil you might speak about loneliness." " I shouldn't live there ; 1 should die," was the reply. After this the talk ceased until Lallu said : " It is very cold ;" and she tried to draw her wraps more closely round her, and shivered. "It is a splendid air this, but keen at timeB," said the Colonel. " Wc Bhall be home in a few minutes now. and theu you'll Bee what an ideal home un English country house makes." But the lonesomeness of the place had depressed the others too much for t li is assumption of cheerfulness to have any effect upon them ; and the feeling of depression aud \- uneasiness deepened as they drew nearer to the house, and the suggeBiion of desolateness waa increased as they came within sound of the sea heating upon the foot of tho cliffs along which the last half-mile of the road ran. The house was dark and gloomy, and when the door was opened the Urge square hall, badly lighted by ouc large lamp, was dim and full of «hadowa. " Welcome to the Court ?" said thc Colonel, as he led his wife across the threshold and kissed her. The two girls followed, aud Mercy found that IJH.UU was trembling violently. Going up the steps she stumbled, and would have fallen had not Mercy caught her arm On the threshold she panm-d und shuddered. " It ia a house of death," slid «aid, iu a low whisper. " It ia a house of deal li." The rooms were much more cheerful, how- ever. They were well lighted with lamps and candles and comfortably furnished, and in the big low-ceiliuged dining-room the table was spread for dinner. The Colonel took hij wife to her rooms and a serrant waited to show the girls to theirs. The roomB in themselves were comfortable, but to Mercy's surprise and a little to ber consternaiion, they were not cloBe together ns in the London house, but in different wings and separated hy a long winding passage, so dark that the girl was nervous BB she went to find Lallu after she had thrown her things off. The luggage had not arrived, BO that she could niakn no change of dr. 8«. She hurried along the passage, glancing nervously about her iuto the dim shadows everywhere. She opened the doors ot two or three rooms before finding Lallu's, and closed them again hastily, as they were dark and damp-smelling. Lallu she found sitting quite still on the bed. She had not move : since the servant had left her, and she still wore her hat and travelling cape, and her face had an expression of fear and dismay. " Lallu, dearest, you must be quick," said Mercy, brightly, tryiug to rally her. "They will be waiting for us." " It is a houBe of death ?" said the girl, again shuddering and speaking in a tone of positive conviction. " There is death all i round us. He has brought UB hero to die, ¡ Mercy." , For a moment Mercy bad no reply ready. 1'bc 'ords had voiced the sombre thought I that had been growing within her during all the. drive. But abe made an effort and tried , to appear cheerful. ¡ "My dear child, you muBt not indulge such , fancies. You are cold and tired and ha ve been a long time without food. Be quick and ¡ let UB got down to dinuer. You will bc better , then." f " I tell you I see it. Listen to that sound of the sea," exclaimed Lallu, opening the ; the window, "and hear what it saya. It ia the ohant of death." k But Mercy would not heed her, and , presently induced the girl to lay BBide her , travelling things and go down to where the [ Colonel and his wife were already waiting for ! them. The dinner Was a cheerless meal. The Colonel attempted to make conversation and talked to his wife, but her replies were short, j with more than a spice ol irritability in them. , Her first impressions of the plaoe were very unfavourable ; and as she always trusted to " these, she was beginning to make np her mind that she would notbe happy there. . j Moreover, the dinner, was badly eooked and k the servant who waited at the table, tho same who had shown the girls to, their roomB, i was a middle-aged woman, untidily dressed, " gaunt and forbiddipg,. and she waited very I badly. g "She is a very pooreervant, Manuel,"Mrs. jj Roca said, when the woman was away. "She isa very faithful orea tu re, Ella," hs g 1 »piled. " This ii the country, you know, not1 Loudon ; aud until we get into order, and your capital management has tinto lo take effect, we must be prepared for things lo be j different." '* Tliey are very different," was the reply, moodily spoken, aud after that little more was spoken during thc dinner. When it was over the Colonel went to his wife's side and taking her hand kissed it and then kissed ber cheek as he enid : " 1 shall be sorry if you don't like this dear old place, Ella. I shall blame myself severely. But SB un old campagincr 1 may have thought little of some of the drawbacks that to you j three will perhaps bo very serious." Tho touch of love brightened her. j " I shall try to lite it," she answered, look- i ing up into his face. "It is only a little Bl ran RC at first. But we shall all try, shan't j we, Mercy ?" Sho made thc appeal rather 1 timorously. " It is very lonesome and weird," answered thc girl, lifting ber oyeB from the fire. " But we may get used to it." " I hope you will be happy here. I think you will," said the Colonel. " It is a place that grows on one quickly. The old fellow who lived herc last disliked it at first, hut he grew so^attached to it that nothing would iuduce him to leave it." " Ile died here," said Lallu, abruptly. " It is a house of death." " Don't, my dear," exclaimed Mrs. Roca, starting and looking up. " Don't say such dreadful things ; you frighten me." " Aunt Hawthorne, I am speaking only thc truth. It is the house of death " And Lallu, who had not noticed that she had used the wrong name, shivered. " That's not a very, kindly or comfortable welcome," said thc Colonel, with a sneet of annoyance. The girl looked across at him with thc expression in her eyes which never failed to disconcert bim, and after grazing at him steadfastly for some moment*, she repeated with much more emphasis than before : "It is a house of death." And then added-"and you know that I am speaking ouly the truth." Thc words were spoken so impressively that a moment of dead silence followed ; and the Colonel was vastly relieved when the servant entered to say that the luggage had arrived and to aBk for instructions about it. f To Oe continued.) 