Sackcloth for Stoddart's Team. (With apologies to thf ghost of Tennyson.) llany a leagnf, many * league. Many a league onward, Bight <0 Australia's shores Tbe Eegtfsh keamwaadsnd. I'm going. Stoddart said. Now will yontef* be led, \- . To where yuu'll'be well fod. And eater ^xiae^ Play up. my bonny blades. Don't mind the lights or shades,. Or bush fires' nnoke. Dsn't mini the festlvt Sy, That may get in yoijr eye, J ust as J ones bowls. Fieldsmen to the right of them. Fieldsmen to the left of them, The bowler In front of them Volleyed and thundered. Bowli-d either alow or fast, Tne British coald not (pst Bat sorely blandeittd. Flashed a>I their willows bare Flashed as they tamed to air. Catting or slipping ther% Whilst the crowd wondered. Flanged in the bnshflres' stroke, Struck, when the wlck-'t broke. Banji and Uac and Hirst. Deemed they wers men accursed... Barrack to right of them. Barrack to left of them, Chiack behin<1 them. Volleyed and thnndered Stormed at with chaff aqd shout, By toff, modlark and loat, 'Mid dainty ladies' anwrs. And English Johnnys* jeers, They left the field. When shall the story fade. Of th« wretched show they made. All the.world wondered " Sackcloth" for Sbjddart's team, •» Ashes'" they could not wiu. Let them go home. When the ll&nin-Advertiser; libel action and the Swan perjury cate come to be sifted to tbe bottom, says the Mount Bvher Courier, it will be generally a<lmitte.i that the newspaper has been most unjustly treated and Uiat the police blundered badly in allowing the American blusterer to leave the co'uny. Swan's acquittal and the presence of his tour witne*ses proved conclusively that tite Bill ftlirtin fi^ht <liJ take place, notwithstanding the cocksureness of the Chief Justice. Swan still asserts th%t 15 persons <rere present, some of them being men of good standing in tbe city, bot tliey objected to give evidence or to have their ramei mentioned. Colonel Maillef has stated that his detectives assured him that the fight took place. Martin cleared because Swan at last persuaded some of the spectators to speak, aod tbe cyclist himself was in danger of prosecution for perjary. Swan tried to gee the police to bnoe Martin back, but that could not be done. His anxiety to stop ftlartin getting away, however, showed that lie was not frightened of his evidence. JOKES in the Mining Rexiaz, 