? CV BEBTHA M. ^ 0f "An IDEA^™." "LILIAN Trcm^e'Bs/ et <" Ktc - CHAPtER VL. , gnEl/™" 8 roKEEAL. I _ i-j „/tho bloir I • track at her J* 1^ t^W? Why did that tele- V s , J/iU full work r a!te mut- V .. jyhy have I nursed and tended Kir /> tind her in my way again 1 f f'J 0i, c who took Cyril away from it not she who »° nt bim i I ; t0 his death! And now ha not for me—not for me 1" rocked herself to and to, her It taru with love, hate, and jealousy. IVO looser so I mistreaa of Queensi • L and the will n ™J place, ah > n 1 ehall not dare to faoe, now that fee, for, fool that I am, in my weak- V < i,mve told her my secret—I have Te for ber ,owr lltr of my I° l-this motnont Mr Carleton tapped at Cvtunsroom door, and I«dy Margaret lit cablegram in the boaom of her dress entered the room almost timidly, Eftrion me, Lady Margaret, bat I K mac thing of groat imjwrtanoe to LVTOO. If YON ,re not at liberty now, i you will aee me later." •aamoned the ghost of a smile to L^lt lips, and replied: r.iiere is very little in this quiet gtaoe Ittopy my attention, Mr Carle toe. nil it that yon wish to aay to me t" rector closed the door, his features nervously, plbaboat Amy ; she has formed^a t extraordinary resolve, Lady Marga- She will soon be well, thank Heaimj bet fears have revived oonoemf tie unwelcome and persistent attuna of a lover whom she ia desperately Jot, I don't know whether she has Lgptioaed him to yon. Lady Margate he ia no other than Mr Denial Him not surprised,"eaid her lady* L "Mr Liamore has written to me Uptive informaticn as to Miss Carleb condition." ]-Ihe iconndrel! the acoundrel 1" exthe rector, paling. "Iiady Mars 1 need not explain why, but I am man's power, and through ma he |gelred to permeate my poor rfiflil. ipa I am. inad to tell yen Amy's >; they can only be the ontoome of £ enfeebled by sickneu. No, I do Lain]! that I dare ask you to be mixed Is what may be a very questionable taction in tho eyes of the law." pit least yon can do no harm In tall- Itee what the wishes are that MJss baa expressed," Lady Margaret rBiey are simply that my niece is brained to evade Mr Liumors by pnj out of the world, by leading •to believe that her illness has been ; bat she does not understand that id not take a mare inferenoe aa oon- »proof. To completely Wind him, intut, at least, be a doctor's oertifit,md that is the first step to fraud." lisdj Margaret's taoe became even Vtbsn before, and aheolntohednt Cablegram in her boaom. Itj ao almost superhuman effort she fciad her voice, and replied, gravehr c I'l would run My Reasonable risk tor, peamfort of nriuftt friend. X bo* Mr C»daW&4htf ** -:<qul gratify s 1 p you to'bearthe lecponeibilltyif , repents later And inaiaU upon ig to the world that she ia alive and \- -A smiled a little," and he waited in | Jul suspense. It was the drowning -igain, clutching at a straw, 'es," continued Lady Margaret, " I t think that we shall have much -.e in proving that Amy Garletoa • Xi no longer to this world. It is a coincidence, bat this very momaiter of the woman who is working :ied of fever. She went away years -no one eeemstokaQw where—and quietly home to die/NWfay should . * be buried at Qneenawoba^ Why I the name on the doctor's ocrtifi-. lot be Amy Carleton I four niece know nothing of this. She Is too sot of the world to dream that all formalities are needful, bat what x matter t Are we not working for iniiurt ? Are we not hnmoriM her, pi u> save her from another illness, attend in death! It is her wish, art." c rector was dazod with rilief and iic. Every obstacle was aw4>t away, ould be free. agroe ts everything," he declared. • tlull have to take the plead girl's •t into my oonfidence," w«jut on Lady firet. " I shall have to'obtain her tat, perhaps buy bar cofaent, bat I do it, 1 will do it 1 Ber name is itte Bird, and I will ffeak to ber *c, Mr Carleton." f rnette waa summoned, and she-lis- 1 to the strange reqwst in amased ,Ii ia only to homor fho wishes of Carleton,"she was jiaured; "it.is to rescue her 'from tpe persecutions^ mad lover wbom Aslesw.'" . Inette's eyes sparided with Miming. N you say it is«ll rkht, sir, and my , I know tt latitisso/ 1 ' AliaToarleton wfllMlfpa sobmdf »impose tomkfm," paped-2«4r tareti' 1 an '^piite saMsfieil if yon are, my % I shal^getj^rjfater buried free of Anas,annjiiiijylmsyiwi* 1^ 4v two idr '«K. married,mrlMly' ieotafinelove^sceslgsathefs,my i. cnly that we are both poor." . 'Vou shall be married then, Annette," led I^dy Margaret. •* Say not one "d to anybody, not even to yosr lover, 1 1 when vcw nave done my bidding you -'11 have £81!" ——• # "Thank ycji, my lady." T "mette's floe was crimson witt joyful • itement. ' So 1 am t) gst the oerti6cate made 4 >n the name of Oarleton," die mut- "xi, when alte waa alone. *' That will ! | e a»y enoufb; I can tell the doctor ;*t she was supposed to lava been msr- < to a tun of that name. Fifty inds I And thenfr more vriiere that "es from, HI be bound! Dick shall re hi* tobac%) shop in the town, where can make kis betscpwithout bong •iched br the police. Dear Dick, bow I quietly away that night are well between her and ^^W^i^aeenswood. It snareg«ted Hut Wm Oaditoniiad diedat SeagB^Mid Hut the body had bee?«nt ^ » aUboratHuk^ 1x1 of which we» the,, wm^T: ^ W?' fn^i^l^ 1*? 8 4011184 fmjwl, amid aninmal grief, to for See Hiss the OsrUtonhad beenbebveS^LfaHS '"S? "S® 01 * ^ charitable deeds. , The afflicted rector resigned his office immediately, and moved to a smaller fconse farther away from the village, Jbnt it was noticed that he m S t T mod terns with the lord of the manor! for his visits to Qoeenswood Ball were frequent. Another week passed, and a tablet appesred ovw the vault wherein the supposed remains of Miaa Carleton tepoa^. and upon it these words were engra ved: SAOBXN to TUE UEMOKV OF' AMY CARLETON, Aged 21 Years. Tied December lath, 18—. CHAPTER VIL "i irxuEV cHBnou8l" It was snowing hard when the gen of the City of Trinidad were at : Liverpool, but among all the great crowd there was not one unhappy face.: The first officer was right when he eaid tint they should nach the dock before noon, and he shook Cyril Leveson's iand heartily at partipg. . *' I hope that this wQl not be the last I shall hear of yon, air," he said. "It is strange how people meet and become friends, and then just drift apart again." • Write down my address in yonr notefeotik," said CyriL «• Qaeenswood HJ1 t Qoeenswood, Sussex." " Thsnk you," Mr Bingley sm3ed. ! " I will send yon mine later on. At present I have no permanent abode. 1 wish yon luck, Mr lieveson, and a merry Christmas. 1 " "I cannot do better than repeat your well wishes," Cyril replied, heartily. "I do not see anyone here to meet me, and take it that my cablegram Good-bye." "Good-bye, sir." After his small quantity of luggage had been checked by the customs omoer, he had It placed on a four- wheeled -cab, and drovestought to tho Lime-street s There seemed to have been ishaigp daring bis absence of four ygars, bat it was with a feeling of iriBreailscation that he onoe more trod the familiar wars of the mazy railw; When does the next tain . Peterham, Sussex I" he demanded porter who tan forward to take chaqp of his luggage. lm The same man bad u same office for bim many before, and he did not appear to be a day older. The same greasyoorduroy suit, I" same red nose ami obsequious smile. Two o'dook, sir.. Change at WfUi den. She gets in ahoot six-thirty.' 'Jb.. aerryChristoM, wr!" "Than,nk yoo," said CyriL "Take lare of my luggage, and reserve for me a oorwiu tier seat. It is one o'clock now. I be on hand a quarter of an hoar b fare the tain starts. He went to the ing to send s message to his . . Queens wood, bat changed liismwHl in the act of pemung the missive. " No," he thought, " I am too'I to be bothered by any oonl inquisitive eersanla. ( od; the ssoi: has not agentstowarn % he bas dosta that, be irill not tiain lam tavsiUng bv." l^don't be : bothered^-no, X don't want : bothered; I will hire a carriage at and drive to the rectoiy fi sr if my dresms ortl nesrtoherl" There was a big urosrd everjrwj big, joyous crowd, and the .falling seemed to add to the merriment of everybody. It was seasonable weather, |aa4 there waa one constant cry on everybody's lips: A merry Christmaal" Would the Christmas be a merry one for him 1 -".'•. him, and he smiled gleefully. tho station, he arslked with . rto-iha shop of a stationer, In whose window wss*"| jjifiWi »»iHjl it iif Chriatmsacsrds. He selerted a irintecsoepo—a old dmndi, behind whlditiie aringiSDon' csst its beams on the snow-covered earth. The bells were zinging in the ivied tojrpr, and it was so like the churoh at Queens • wood that it might have been a copy. . He booowsd a pen from the Aopkeeper, and wrote: . '., «• To my fading Amy, wiih fondest ; Christmas wishes from CmL" ' Below tins he nenned a .frtr verses, which had echoed m his soul for years at Christmas time. How often hsd Amy repeated theml i "I heard the bells on Christmas Day • j Their old familiar cards play, 1 And wild and sweet The words repeat, ' H' Of peace on earth, good will to men!, And thought bow, aa the day had cone, The baMncstf all Christendom . ' j Had rolled along -j , nwssbntasMKi Of peaoe oa«arth,gocd'will to» « The itaKing, ringing, on its way. The world revolved bom night to da; A.vafoe,aehime, Aobant suhlime, v<OfpesM«nsiv^etea«i]|(*fnmif * Thenpeded the bsBsmccebmda&ddt4;>i 'God Is not dead; nor doth be sleap j The WMOgshaU fail, TheBlglitprevail. ' Withpssoeonearai,g«idwaitoinen " He sealid the oard in an eavdcpe, s d addressed it to "AGss Amy Osrieton,^ e: Bectory, Qaeenswood, Sussex." Then »' jasrried it to the post-o&oe; jnadsr f a great hotel that , fronla the limenrtre t railway station. " It will be a surprise for my dariu ; on Cferistmas morning." be tbo<^tt.. Se looked st his watch. It only wank twenty minutes to two, and he not tan his seat early, cr be mkht £nd himse^ sqneesed out by the good-humored mob,j He provided lumsdf wifli a bundle « books and p^ers at BmiUi andV bookstall, and WM then pQotsd by 1 faithful porter along one of thej reachea of the platform to a ' asst. "Luggage'is in the van, m," thei said, touching his cap. "Merry - rn " ^ttM,si^l , ' Cyril gave him half a crosm. Thet "Hp" was rarely more than a abil bat the fees are invariably doubled^ twMed at festive Ohrirtms*Bm» "s. - ht •pi&'Hrl 1 uassvi, . . D— who was all the world to him. • " A many Christmas 1" he thought. " Why thia wfll be the happiest of my Miole life 1" * The .bain thundered along until it reached Wigan. Here -the old lady alighted, and everybody said good- bye to her, and wished her the compliments of the season. Off again through the blinding snow, and the party remained nnbroken until arrived at Willesden. ril left the train here, and the aatan wishes followed him. From Willeaden he hsd to go to Peterham by another bain, and as every minute brought him nearer to his dectinatioa the blood dsnced through hit veins like molten fire. Be. glanced ..at his watch agf,in and again. The bain waa half sn hour late. It crawled into Peterham at seven c'cWk, and when he stepped on to the platform his senses ceded. How near was he to home now? He could hardly bring himself to realise It. The past was an ugly dream, the years of hopeless toil, the shipwreck, the horrors of the sea, the voyage home, and now bat an hour's jonroey from all that his heart held most dear 1 An hour's jonmey P It was eight miles, and the roads were none of the best. If the snow deep he might find some difficulty in getting a driver willing to go BO far on Christmas Uve. The thought hastened his movements, and he saw nis luggage lying in a pile on the platform, and a porter gazing at it, Curioualv. •'Mr'Cyril," said the mail,gleefully, " back home again, nr. after your hum travels. . I see the labels on your luggage —sslrin* pardon. A merry Christmas to you !'• - "Hal is it you, Binnst If yon wigh me to have a merry Christmas, find a driver willing to take me to Qaeenswood to-night. My uncle does not know that I am here, or a carnage would have been sent. Look sharp 1 there's a good fellow. I don't care how much I pay for the accommodation." The porter darted awn and soon had a vehicle at Cyril's diipoeal- " It's Lord Queens wood's nephew," he ssid. V Hell be an earl himself some day. There'll be sammat 'andsome for this." The driver did not donbt it when he beard of Cyril's rank, and at Christmastime, too! " Ifll take me s oouple of hours, sir," he eaid. "Maybe mare, for the enow's beginnin' to drift, an' I leave the price to yon, sir." "Two horns I" cried- CyriL "Two boom I - Drive as fsst as you can. It is past sevennow 1" " Good-liight, sir, and a merry Christtnss to yon t" cried the porter., as he pocketed a shining coin. . The carriage rumbled away, mid Cyril famed at the miserable progress that was made when they had left the beaten track. How foolish of me net to telegraph to the eszll" he thought "It will be midnight before I reach home at this rate." Then he saw that it was useless to grumble, and tried to fancy what Amy srss doing at that presise moment—tried to fancy-bow die wosld look when her eyes rested npon him again i ' At last the horse palled no for a spell of test at the top of a high hill, that looked down npon the lights of the village of Qaeenswood, lying in a valley two sidles away. ,ng out of the carriage to ~ beathisnum' •'We shall do it by half-past nine, Br," the driver annoanoed cheerfully. "Lor" 1 I never fdt it odder than on this VrehflL" He hdped"bimadf to a nip of whisky from a pocket-flask, and Cyril gazed at tbe lights of Qaeenswood, glimmering like spMr-woxms in the distance, and Ins became luisty with tears. e road wss more even from this point, and at half-past nine the carriage rambled through the street that was so dear to his boyhood days, past the tavern where Jim Brooks reigned supreme, and, busy as the tradesmen were, they paused to gsn at the vehicle as it used their ahopa. "Drive to the rectory," ordered CyriL I «raut to alight there. Ton can then tske my luggage to the Hall." His heart was now beating into his 1 Wf ; us tha.car- _ o the ianethatied to -the flharahfhebeOscsng out a wild peal of 'mdody. There were light* in the rectory,, and he pictiiced his" butiiful waiting for him. The nanisge stepped, and he teded as be touched the sidewalk. "Take ny luggage to the Hall," he said, hoarsely, to the driver. "Stay 1 I have not pud yon yet." He gave the man a handful of silver. Hie did not attempt to count the ooins, because he knew that snch a feat would be impossible now. His brain reded and his knees shook iwiflar Ilim Thank yoo, sir, **»«»*- yoo 1" the cabmac said. " A pbaI gent you are 1 Merry Christmas to you, sir, an* many of 'em 1" Then he was gone, and Cyril Levesan was Ringing to the rectory gate for sup- )Mct» the sdf-ssmegsie at which he and Amj bad parted four years ainoe—had parted with tears and vows of eternal ^"jJtlMthe opened it and tan down -the psth. Herarg U» door-bell, end his call was obeyed fej a litfle gentleman, with ^booiif nullum CMI ( " "Ah 1 good av«ung 1" stammered CyriL "IsMrOsrieton in l I wish to aae him psrtH'iilsrty." " No, air ; Mr Cariston does not reside J JM>W," was the reply. "He has resigned. owing to failing health.'' Cyril Leveson clntched at his heart. *• I »m the new incumbent," the gentlentsn continued. " . Perhaps I can be of ierrioe to jroa f, . : "Ko, no. I must see Mr Carleton and his niece, Miai Cerieton. I have travelled jthonssnds of milMitosee thein. What an infernal din those IxUs are making." ''" WQl yoa please step ill one minute, sirf aaid the new rector. — was pity in his gentle tones, pity am. sot luiUbD, yoo aze Mr 3vril Lsvesoo. X know something of Jrtory, and I have beard from Oreisbam that ypoa»~ Is fibril Levesoo," replied o. you ssy thst yoa know oftnystazyf Uthstis so, teU j wdl with ScssOariebm." &nin4hat; v&f; dream came back to iS^M^^wiamAstltsd mads* coward m board tte Cite of Trinidad. i«rera »sn,s^tod can^iesrs flie>sw *eotmrnmin- foiif^t fariMil-Bmf'^ ./V ; wsililMr f cried Qyril, hoarsely. <4odt JJtf jfettnot'see rejs LiUutg TeB me tija stirtt; jxtn bear itlatt. csam now 1" ^ "My Hit f^teWj," ^v»etarr laid, ] pity yim ftwa the Jrtttom af>ur Wsrt. ^imy Cwlewri u &ad; f' " jtill Diitinte Cyrlivtdeno ecvmd; "Deadt My 0^'iiiia uoad i -id she die f" Twelve ami 53.J-4 MUoe, Sir L-.v aon, efter a Ioa;, j - S h e believoi ;oO to be dead, at th>) Mrtos cf tho M •"'. Cyril stiiid ks t^ove'.ptJi •• o.tue, no sound tta-pipg hiiii, na 1 .1 ..a minister besovc.ut. him to coaio ir o". jf the bitter nighlfti:. "L'^d !" he BiiricV-L.-. "My darling is dc;id i itnsrrr ..'. rjtmaa, indeed! Oarse t-is h«Us 1 ; aheuld they jibe at mc ia dy su:: .t- 1 Corse them, I W : .tli a ioi i-j. , strode away. ature he turned and * " o;:APTER VIII. >.<TTEB FROM AUI. " . ' iUowl" muttered the new rcctor; * - poor fdlow 1 I cannot let him go p.lo...- in that frame of mind." t'. c.iugto a coat-rack in the hall, he qiii.ki|- enveloped himself in an' olster and hurried after ^Leveson's reeling Mr Leveson 1 Mr Devasonhe said. "Perhaps you would like to see Mr Carleton t He lives here still—just over the hQI, in a place called Willows Cottage." Cyril turned and stared at him with blood-shot eyes ; then he seemed to comprehend, for he nodded his head. ' It was bitterly cold,'and the snow that whirled in their faces cut like flying bits of steel, but Cyril fdt that his bl< on fire, while his heart was as cold as death. The Willows was far removed from any other dwelling-place, but to-night there ware several of the windows brightly illumined, and "Leveson muttered: \- " Heavens I Can it be that ihey are merry-making here, tool" The minister led the way to the door; he rang the bell; and whispered hastily to Mrs Meade, who opened it to him. "I want to see Mr Carleton alone for one minute. Most important. Tell him that it is Mr Walker." The housekeeper looked curiously at the tall dark form beside htm, bade them oome in, and went EW». Mr Walker eyed • - '' .- then, he whispered: "I do not think that I •<•'* . farther good here, Mr J.. -- .r. scene between you and Mr ^ sure to be s painful one—a e*L. I have no right to intrude. 5V.. •> from me, my dear fdlow, and -li e L-- deeply I sympathise with you. ii.- Lord's will be done.' "That makes it none the less hard to bear," Cyril groaned. >" I have no pleasant thoughts of Providence and providential kindness jast now. My heart has been ruthlessly broken; my whole life blasted! Don t talk to me of the goodness of Heaven 1" Mr Walker grasped his hand fervently. " I will walk to the Hall with you if yon will permit me," he suggested. " No, thank you ; I prefer to be alone," was the ungracious retort. " Good-night, Mr Leveson." The rector stepped softly and swiftly out of the room. He know that he was wanted there no longer —he knew that his presence would only add to the misery of the scene that would be ante to follow. . He doeed -the door behind him, and •rithin a few mom ante Mr Carleton walked to the room wherein Cyril was awaiting him. Ho had no idea that any other except the new rector was there. The minister often came inquiries about parish matters, for he had not yot quite fallen into his new harnewi easily. So he walked through tbo hall-way unsuspectingly, and opening the sittingroom door, stood face to face with Cyril Leveson I •'Merciful God!" he ejaculated. " You ?" "Yes, it is I, Mr Carleton; I have come home at Isst; 1 have come for Amy. What have you done with her ?" He Spoke almost fiercely, and the old man cowered, as though to evade a blow. "What have I done with herf he stammered, his face growing red and white by turns, his hands clasping and nndasping, nervously. "Cyril, my boy Cyril! I thought that yon were drowned I Thia shock has completely unmanned me." He fidgetted about the room, Cyril watching him the while with a atony 1 glare. "Do yon mean to toll me," he demanded, "that yon never received my cablegram? - Do you mean to tell cae that you have not heard one word of my escape from a happy death t And (his ia* what I straggled for j this is what I suffered untold tortures for! My darlin? is dead I" " Mr Carleton looked over his shoulder nervously. At that very moment Denzfl Iosmore wss in the house; Denzil Lismore whom he had hoodwinked, and whose vengeance would be terrible indeed, did he but half suspect the trick which hsd been played upon him. "If I hsd only known before 1" the old man groaned, inwardly ; "if I had only known before it was too la to 1 Oh, Amy, my poor child 1 what a terrible wrong I am goQty of I Bat only for a short time—only for a short time I" " Your telegram came," he said at length, his tones husky, his head bowed almost to his knees ; "bat I never saw it: it was mislaid—lost. I was away at the time. I believB it was the very day that poor Amy left us. I don't seem to realise tint it is really yon, CyriL Yon look SO; ^'Biwyptu so old. It was the shook ofyimr death that trilled herIt was my lord'e fault. He had a telegram from tna sgebts—a cold-blooded thing it was, that no people ought to be allowed: tosehd'out. Lady Margaret gave it to' Amy, acd she just dropped insensible at her feet. She never recovered. I took hgr to Seagirt, but it -was useless, and now " "And nowf" questioned Cyril, hopelessly. "There is one more grsve in the church-yard, one more coffin in tho vault that your uncle built for my use—if or the •se of my family." Cyril bent his*" faoe downward, and sobbed. At last the tears that hail been so long pent np came .to his relief, and his huge frame shook like an oak, in a wind-storm. Presently he looked np and spoke: " Carieton, forgive me if I have been abrupt and thoughtless of speech. I know that you loved our darling as fondly as though she hsd been a child of your own.' I can see that the trouble has affected you deeply. Yon are aged beyond your yean ; you are not the same man that I knew in the happy past. I will go; I cannot bear thia place now ; I hate it 1" "Donigoyet; not for a few weeks," interrupted the old man, weakly. "Dont go yet, C^ril; things may be all right before long." Leveson looked at him pityingly. It was erifflant that his mind was unhinged. "Good-night, Carleton," hesnid. "I am better now. A little while since I wonder that my bain did not bnrst; the with fire. I<iu.VT know waalT shall wiihaiyaelr in r . the dreary isttirs. I'-i -wishnow that I perish&d; the] Other brsre FSLIORI ®»R1 IU.-I.-E IN T-T OggprenoE. <foo<i-ij%ht'." /' -.; I was striding: to the ,-doer, jiffld 2Ir f "You will oome again?" he asked. Some day all will be made dear." "Yes; I've heardthat staff from you parsons before. All will be made clear some day? but that is of r*j use to suffering mortals now. One word more," he added, lowering his voice. VI think I know the vault you refer to. :. I will have one look at it; I shall fed that I am a little nearer to all that made life dear to mV "Yes,"said Mr Carleton,' with a despairing groan; " but don't go there tonight, on Christmas Eve. .Wait until morning. Things may be—" 1 But Cyril interrupted hio savagely^ and strode swiftly oat of the house and away. I When he was gone Mr Ctrleton paced the room in agony. / " If I had only known," jhe thought. " If I had only lenown. Butfor the fiend who is now under my roof, sho is here to taunt me of the wretchedlpast by his accursed presence, but for Jtin this cruel deception should end to-nigu. And yet a few more days cannot do Imnch harm, while impatience would tt* my rninl Exposure, implacable hatej death in a lonely prison cell I The -usgrace, the disgrace would cling to her 7 He took from his pocket a letter that he had received that very and read it for the twentieth time. " i There was no address, an« no date, but it was in the handwriting if his niece, and ran es follows:— 1 " DEAR UNCLE,—I am qute wdl now, and ss happy ss I can eveji.be again in this life. Perhaps I am dc&ig; wrong in writing to yon, but I cannot resist doing so at Christmas-time. Mybeart bleeds for you when 1 think of yout lonely fireside. Do you remember thf good times we used to have in the loppy, happy past? Oh, if we could ohV have foreseen 1 What a wretched andWlow sham life is, after all I The bells will soon be ringing all over the land * Pace on earth and good will to men 1' Dc you really think that there is peace saywhere on earth, unless it be to those grosser natures that are soulless ? Heaven blesi : dear vof!<\ ant* kt• >-.t' t "AMV." He carefully replaced the letter in his pocket-bock, and rejoinet bis guest in the parlor. "Jove, Carleton I *W»t is wrong with youf exclaimed Ignore. "One would think you had seenja ghost I" "Cyril Leveson is hone again," waa the tremulous reply. *it have had to break to him the news ol Amy's death. His grief was awfuL" I " I must confess that (his is not the most cheerful place on arth," Lismore said ; " and I hardly kuo| what brought me here to-day. Howevsr, I will leave you early in the morniic, after I have had a look at tho man whtwas my rival. I must pay my devoirs to iie Lady Margaret, since I am so n|ar to Queenswood." i He watched his host foia while in furtive silence, his penetrajng black eyes flaming with hidden meaoog. " Carleton," he said, jk length. " I once believed I was maser of all your secrets. What ia it you SB "hiding from me I" J ' The question was Carleton'a face became, " I f' he stammered. "Yes," smiled Lis rather suspicious of ag have secret lady corresj (To bt 