A REPENTANT GHOST. " So you actually baliere in ghosts ?" re- Dsrked Charlie Beirers. interrogatively, with an .mount of flippancy in his tone, and an amused mile on bis rather boyish teen, to his elder aid acre sedate friend Kobeit Forder, as they sat ogether in the former's comfortable bachelor noma one evening towards the close of the last nonth of the year, discussing a choice blend of rbisky (judiciously commingled with potass), md blowing curly blue wreaths from nnim- •Mtchable cigars. " I am bound to believe in them," replied (he itber iu all seriousness. " What F Do you mean to say that you faave sen one ?"' " Decidedly ; I may BSJ I almost owe my rife to a Spook." "Come, I say, old man, draw it a little oild !" " IU tell'you the story if you like. But mind, i very rarely mention the subject. I don't care ibout it talked about anywhere and everywhere. Fou understand p" " Perfectly," said Charlie, all eagerness for '•he recital. " Go ahead, I'll be as mum a» i-a-a what's its name." ""Well, you must know before I secured [through the influence of my father-ia-Iawj my present position BB manager of tbe bank bere, I was pursuing the calling of an Bccountant in Cerchester. After three years' hard labour I Began to feel my feet and think I might venture bo ask a certain young lady to share my future tot. I wan tolerably sure that I should meet with AO rebuff from my darling, but there was s stera parent to be reckoned with. " I bad made the acquaintance of Mr. Matthew Turnover, bead of tbe respected and old crusted bankieg-house of Turnover Brothers,and Checkwell, through ordinary business interooume, and we beoame in time on quite intimate terms. I frequently spent my Sundays at his charming residence in the park. He bad an only daughter, Eleanor. The rest you will readily understand. Well, I pot the momentous question to the dear girl and achieved the success I plead guilty to have been vain enough to anticipate. "Then followed the inevitable Interview with pep*. He evinced na surprise when 1 told him my tale, as many fathers do after being themselves the prime movers in bringing tvo impressionable young peaple together. He was straightforward enough. Told me, although he had certainly cherished more ambitious views fur his only child, it was Mot his intention to try to enforce his ideas if they were likely to interfere with his daughter's happiness. Still, be was bound to consider the important question of ways and means, and though be admitted I bad made rapid and substantial progress in my profession—if such it could bf called—he at the same time did not considet the inoorne I mn then earning sufficiently large to justify me im taking upon myself the responsibility of a wife and probable contingencies. *' He (round up by saying : " • Although Eleanor, as you know, is an only child, she will Dot materially benefit through me on her marriage, as it is my fixed intention to withdraw no sum Of consequent from the bank. Uy share ef the profits—except so much of it as I require to lire upon— remains in the concern until my time comes foi quitting this world, then, of oourse, Eleanoi will inherit what I shall leave behind me. But God be thanked, I am well and hearty, and may reasonably look forward to ten or fifteen year.- longer of useful life. Uy advice therefore U you, is go on -working ss you have done hitherto, and, in three years say, you can broad tbe subject again, and if Elly should be still in .the same mind regarding yourself, why we may perhaps see if matters cannot be arranged. Is ;the meantime, there will be—at ail events oi: *ny part—no difference in our friendship; there's my band upon it.' ' " Ton may guess I did not feel extravagantly jubilant over the arrangement. Three yean seemed an awful long time to wait. But I ha-i •tbe fullest fai& in Eleanor's constancy. However, I will get on to the finish; I don't wish to bore you with too many personal details. " About eight months bad gone by, wben one dny in the middle of December, Mr. Turnover hastily entered my unpretentious office. The old gentleman appeared greatly agitated, and it was ante moments after being seated that he was able to speak. " I anxiously inquired if be were ill, or was anything wrong at home ? " * No—no one ill,' he said, slowly. ' The bank has been robbed.' " * Bobbed!' I exclaimed. ' Fhew 1 Have the thieves been caught ?' " ' Ton don't understand. The robbery is from inside. The chief cashier.' " 'What I Bradley ?' I cried, in the greatest astonishment. " The peccant cashier was a Sunday school tea. er, regular chapel-goer, and I don't know what besides. " * Ay ! The smooth-tongued hypocrite,' said Mr. Turnover, with considerable emphasis. • And he's got a good twenty-four hours' start. Be was away on short leave.' " ' What is tileamount ?' I BFfced. " * A very considerable sum in convertible securities unfortunately. Anything like the exact amount, however, is not yet known. That is mainly why I have come to you.' «• 4 To me ?' " < Yes. I want you ts come to the bank and go through the books—his books, you know; as expeditiously as possible. Wo wish to kerp the affair secret—that is, as long as possible. Will you come ?' " And Mr. Turnover regarded me anxiously. " Then thinking, prrhaps, I seemed to hesitate, he added, significantly, 1 It may be worth your while.' " • t am at your Berviee, Mr. Turnover,' I instantly replied. 'When do you wish me to begin ?' •• « To-night. Are you willing to work late ? I mean.in fact,all sight if nectssary "t Will you do me this favour ?' •«« You may command me in any way you like, Mr. Turnover,' I said. Truth to tell, an idea flashed across my mind that I might decide to ask a favour of him in return after thr* present annoying business was over and don* with. " My future father in-law rose from his seat, sayiDg • " • I am very pleased you have consented to .help me so readily, because we can rely upon jyour discretion and absolute silence.' I bowed. " ' Then meet me ia Duke-street, by tbe {Cosmopolitan Hotel, at six sharp, and we will .go to the bank together.' \- " I was at tbe place appointed just as tb« ifirst stroke *f the hour rang out on the cleat ilrorty air, and was almost immediately joined iby^Mr. Turnover. " As soon as we were seated ih the bank parlour Mr. Turnover handed me a letter, remarking that the missing Bradley had CBUsed it to be delivered j n * somewhat mysterious manner. • < When 1 read tbe note Mr. Turnover ssked my opinion of it. I said : «• 'The fellow iscool certainly,but I infer from what he writ* s—if it is the truth, of course— thct there has been no syslematicembczz'ement going forward for some time ; that, ia fact, he committed the theft in a sudden fit of temptation. I see he mentions sixty- eight thousand.' »' < Yes, that Is quite enough without the probability of more having to be added to it. I truct your surmise will turn out correct. Let ui get to work without delay.* " We worked unremittingly till ten, failing to discover any defalcations beyond those already known. This was so far satisfactory that Mr. T umover confessed he felt much relieved and suggested an adjoarouunt to a neighbouring first-class hotel—his club being too far away—to recruit exhausted nature. "We were let out by the benkcaretaker through a small side door, and told him to remain up till we returned. Having done justice to an excellent little cold RD&ok;, washed down by a bottle of vtry excellent port, I told my companion there was no nred whatever for him to go back to the bank with mr, as I could do well enough without him-at all events for tbe remainder of that night. He assented, telling me not to stay verv late. " When I got to the bank, I set to my task with renewed vigour, still failing t« discover extended evidence of guilt in the absconding cashier's book. By this time, although the night was cold outside, tie room I was working in began, by reason of the many gas jjtta burning, to grow uncomfortably warn. I began to feel drowsy, and at a quarter-past twelve by the small clock on the mantelpiece, I dropped into an invijing easy chair, and felt extremely like dropping as well into a prolonged doze, but as I had no intention that way, I struggled against tie inclination by raising my heavy eyelids at frequent intervals. " I heard a neighbouring church clock boom forth the midnight hour, and. opening my eyes, was just on the point of rising from my comfortable position with tbe intention of resuming work for another half hour, when I saw something that deterred me : kept me, in fact, spellbound in my se»t. There,right before me a few yards nway, appeared the spectral form of jWestcott Bradley, the defaulting oaehier. ; " There was a sad—I might almost describe it as a chastened look on the ghastly face as though the spirit wes experiencing profound 'eontrition for some misdeed the body bad committed during life. j " I once more closed my eyes, thinking that [when I looked again the thing would have vanished. But no! There was the shadowy figure commencing to retreat slowly backwards, its transparent arm raised, the fleshless hand with its bony Augers beckoning me to follow. It reminded me of Hamlet and the ghost oa the castle ramparts, only I assure yon I felt precious little like the impetuous Prince ; I required no holding back. I tried to speak, but the words I framed with my dry lips wen inaudible even to myself. Ae soon ae the shade reached tbe open door leading into the main room, I arose mechanioally as though impelled by some unseen power, and went with bated breath after tbe still slowly retreating apparition. It continued to wave its ghostly hand until the massive iron door which led to the vault below, where tbe bullion and securities were kept in huge safes,or rather strong rooms, was reached. I quite expected to see the figure melt away in the orthodox manner. Bat a -trifling obstruction of this kind was ne barrier to the melancholy spirit of the peccant cashier. With an intense lingering last look of anguish and a finalwave of the arm more emphatie than previously, it simply, aB it seemed to my bewildezed_ gase, backed through the solid iroBr work. I can assure you 1 felt considerably relieved on being rid of the apparition. Further work wes, of course, out of the question, so X summoned the caretaker to let me out, imparting nothing whatever to him regarding the strange experience I bad just gone through. " Next morning I called upon Mr. Tarnover before he left home, and recounted to him what had taken place iu his bank tbe night before,. I was not in the least surprised at my story being received with a smile of incredulity. " * My dear Forder,' said tbe worthy, but unbelieving banker, * you, of course, fell SBleep in tile ohair and dreamed all this.' " * Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Mr. Turnover,' I answered, warmly. " Still, the eld gentleman remained unconvinced. " 'Remember,' he went on baateringly, ' yon had partaken of supper and wins—generous old port ?' " However, to bring my story within reason- able bounds, I will just say that by the time we had arrived at tbe bank I had almost convinced Mr. Turnover that I had seen the ghost of bis delinquent servant; and he agreed, at my request, that we should visit the v«ult together, * though surely,' observed he, * you don't expect to encounter your sad-fseed Spook again, so early in the day ? ' " When we had got down below and turned up the gas, Mr. Turnover proceeded to opt-n two large upright safes standing against the wall. " ' Everything seems as usual,' be remarked, after surveying the interiors. ' Your spirit evidently had uo particular tale to unfold, even if you had been able to accompany him here last nigbt.' " ' Why did it beckon to me so earnestly in this direction P' I remarked. ' By the way,' I added quickly, as my -sceptical companion went about securing the safes again,' what of the big one over there to the left; aren't you going ts open that ?' " * Oh,' he answered carelessly, * that is an old one not in use ; has sot been opened, 1 should say,for several years. It is empty.' " 'I suppose there is no objection to me having a peep inside ?' " ' Not the slightest. There is the key on the wall there!' " I handed it to him, and he at once inserted it in the lock, while I staed by ready to pull the massive door aside. " 'Dear me,' remarked Mr. Turnover, in surprise, as the wards worked quite easily, certainly expecte me difficulty.' " I pulled at li icavy door, which swung quite smoothly, ju^v s if it had been opened daily with the othen. " The next moment aa exclamation of horrified surprise fell from the banker's lips, as he started back several paces from before the front of the safe. " I instantly sprang forward from behind the ponderous door, and followed tbe direction of my father-in-law's dilated eyes. Well might the old gentleman be strongly affected ! " There, on the circumscribed space of tbe floor of the safe, lay the huddled figure of a man. His face was distorted and horrible to look upon ! Tbe staring eyeballs and protruding tongue showed how he had met a horrible death by suffocation. ••' Bradley !' " I exclaimed, as soon as I could find breath enough. " * Yes, it is Westcott Bradley,' said Mr. Turnover, in a lowly, husky whisper. There was no doubt about it. The sickening spectacle upon which he gazed constituted the mortal remains of the man who had betrayed the trust reposed in him by his employers. When the body came to be removed to a place to airiit the Coroner s inquiry, several strong bulky leather pocket- books containing the proceeds intact of the cashier's appropria* Hons were discovered. 8t the bank really lost nothing, and I gained a loving wife a good deal sooner than 1 should otherwise have done. Mr. Tarnover was load enough to say that,as I had lnan the means of nBmnng the buVa missimr securities, I ought to have my reward. I got it, and have never regretted for a single moment taking it. Nothing much was elicited at the inquest except the information that the lock of the dis-used strong room worked spring wise, and it was conjectured that Bradley, who had evidently been using the safe for his own purposes, had ojiened the laor, then bung up tbe key in its accustomed place, gone inside, and in a moment of forgfetfulness let the door come on the spring, and so made the receptacle for concealing bis plunder hie living tomb." 