1 BUT HM. ^ CHAPTER, V.— (Continued). ' He is a splendid chap to look at, and, I suppose, he is all right in his profession, too, yet ho has something about him I don't al together care about. He is too selfopinion ated to please mo ; but then he is young and has already made a reputation for himself ; so, perhaps, on tho whole it is scarcely fair to judge him.' There was, indeed, other and far more im nnvfnn+. matter to occunv Mr. Darnlev's thoughts at this juncture. Had he been a selfish man he would have made all haste to get away from the White Abbey and from the difficulties which confronted Cecil Lacklyne. No absolute duty or tie existed to keep him on the spot, but the man's sincere affection and pity for the girl would have overruled a 11 other arguments and urged him to remain, if even self had obtruded itself on his thoughts for a moment. That Paul Darnley set himself and his private matters so CQmpletely on one side to minister to Cecil at this most vital moment of her life was the more generous because he happened only a few weeks prievously to have cnterad into an engagement of marriage with a girl whom he had loved stead ily and devotedly for many years, and who was now looking forward to seeing him on a visit to Scotland. He had paid his usual flying visit to the White Abbey before going up north, because he wanted to speak with Sir Charles Lacklyne about some speculations which he had negoti ated for the owner of the White Abbey, and because he had a wish to see Cecil again. He had, indeed, promised himself much pleasure in telling the girl of the great happiness that had come into his lifo, and of speaking of his betrothed. He had felt assured that Cecil, notwithstanding her isolated and peculiar life, would have given him the fullest sympathy, and would have understood all the thousand and ono little joys that went to make up the substance of his i^reat delight and contentment. About Sir Charles's reception of his news he had not deceived himself. He had been pre pared to hear himself called a fool and other strong names, ;ulu iu whs, pui-uups, ;i p.uuu Li able shrinking on his part from meeting such rough treatment that had led him to delay .speaking either to Cecil or her father of his forthcoming marriage. And now it certainly was not the moment ? to introduce mention of the matter. Before, however, seeking an interview with poor Cecil or the strange woman who had brought about so swift and tragic a change 'in lifo at the White Abbey, Paul had to devote a few thoughts to his own affairs.. He had to dispatch telegrams to London and to Scotland announcing that he could not leave the -White Abbey immediately. ' If only wo were married,' he said to him self, with a little sigh. ' Things would be different and I should feel less troubled about this child, for then my darling would be able to look after her ; woman havo the knack of 'being sweet and helpful under al 1 circumstances. I am sure Dora will feel a deep sympathy for ?Cecil when she hears all about her.' He wrote a long, tender letter to be posted at the same time as his telegrams were sent, and he explained fully in this letter the reasons that would prevent him from travelling to Scotland as early as he had arranged. ' I hope Dora will quite understand how necessary it is for me to remain liere for the moment,' ho said to himself, just a little doubtfully and wistfully, as lie sbaled the en velope. To most people who had any knowledge of pretty Miss Dora Sedworth's charactei', this doubt would have- been the most natural thing 'in, the world, for much as these peoplo might admire Paul Darnley's financce, there were few, very few who were blinded as lio was to the real nature that lay behind tho girl's charming manner. She had played with Paul's heart ever since tho first day they had met ; but ho, clever, shrewd man of business as he was, ordinarily speaking, never even imagined this. He had worshipped her from afar for several years as a beautiful but wholly unattainable creature. To others, Dora Sedwortli was by now a girl who had flirted away her best chances, and was just a trifle passeo. Not so to Paul Darnley, who 'saw her with eyes that enhanced her beauty, and who could hardly credit his own good fortune when, having reached a point of ?material and lasting success in his business, he had dared to lay himself and his worldly . goods at her feet, and had been accepted. Well was it for Dora Sedworth's lover's peace of mind that he had hesitated to make mention of hor name or their engagement to Sir Charles Lacklyne, for assuredly Cecil's father would iiave found some bitter and un pleasant truths to say about tho matter. In his_ odd, rough Jway the dead man had had a sincere affection for Paul Darnley, while it so happened that tho whole family of Sed ? worths were numbered prominently among his favourite detestations. Of Dora person ally Sir Charles liould have known very little, but he would not have let this trifle stop him ?in his determination to set her family in their true colours before his infatuated friend ; and Paul Darnley must have suffered deeply in consequence, for he knew well that though Lacklyne could exaggerate, ho usually based his remarks on a strong foundation of truth. Fortunately, therefore, for Paul's present liappiriess, no mention had been made to Sir Charles of so important an event as hiu ap ? proaching marriago, and ho was able to dream his dreams of a goldon future unchecked. ' ' J His letter and telegrams sent, Paul turned his entiro attention to the affaii'3 within tho White Abbey. He found himself besieged by inquiries from tho servants and employes. The wheels were stilled in tlio workshop,, and tho three workmen wore standing discon solately about. Paul had a kind word for everybody, but, of course, he could give them no definite idea of what was going to happen. Life certainly would never be tho same again at the Whito Abbey as it had been. Tlio lawyers had been telegraphed to, and they would, no doubt, hasten to come to Miss Lacklyne with as much speed as possible. Till they came, and tho will had been read, there was nothing to bo done but to wait. That personal loss should have more sway in tho minds of all these working people than regret was, of course, natural. Their future, which had seemed secure for years, was now lying before them broken an 1 full of possible difficulty ond anxiety. Only one of them seemed to have a thought for tho young creature, who would suffer most of all by tliis sudden death. Michael Everest had ventured more than once into the house, only to have the chance of seeing Nini and learning how it fared with Cecil. Disappointed at not finding the old Italian nurse, Michael dared at last to speak to Mr. Darnley. He said very little, but his manner, with his simple words, touched Paul. ' Miss Lacklyne is as well as she can be,' ho told the young man. ' I have not seen her this morning, but shall do so when Doctor Thorold comes. She has had a great shock and there is much trouble ahead for her, I fear.' Paul hardly knew why he found himself speaking so frankly to this young man, but, like Cecil, he was almost instantly struck by the curious refinement of voice and the charm of Michael Everest's bearing ; moreover, lie was touched by tho sincere solicitude for Cecil. ' If there is any small thing I can do, I hope I may be allowed to doit,' Michael said. ' I can hardly realize that Sir Charles is dead and that Miss Cecil is alono. It seems a terrible thing. I wish — 'and then the young man broke off suddenly and coloured up sharply. . ' Miss Cecil has always been so good to us,' he said, almost as if in explan ation ; ' quite lately I had this accident to my hand, and sho did many things for me.' 'She is. a sweet nature,' .Paul answered warmly. His liking for Michael deepened' the more he heard the honest, pleasant voice and looked into the frank and liandsomo eyes. . 'I mil tell Miss Lacklyne of your inquiries,' Paul said, as he was rewarded by a flash of pleasure over tlie face before him. It was evident there was something work ing in Michael's thoughts which he longed to put into words and yet which ho kept back. 'You hare something more you want to say ?' Mr. Darnley asked him kindly. Michael's colour rose again. ' I havo been wishing so much that I could bring my mother to be with Miss Cecil.. She would be a comfort, I am sure. She has been nsed to sickness and trouble. Of course, I know it may seem presumptuous of me to suggest this ; but' — he coloured hotly again — but it hurts me to think Mis:s Cecil should be all alone. She seems to have no kith or kin of hor own, and my mother could at least take care of her.' Ho looked rather proudly into Paul Darnley's eyes. 'You must not judge my mother by my working clothes,' he said. ' She belongs to a world apart from me. She is Miss Cecil's equal.' ' As you are yourself,' Paul Darnley said heartly. He held out his hand, and Michael put his left one into the grasp. ' Nature is always the clearest, the most eloquent guide. I was not deceived by your working clothes, Mr. Everest, and I am happy to have mot you.' ' Thank you,' was all Michael Everest said to this ; but it was sufficient. Both men felt in this moment that the first chord had been struck in a sypipathy, a friendship, that -yvould live between them to the end of their lives. '? It is impossible for me to move very much in any direction,' Paul went on after this, ' till the lawyers have come. I wish I could see more clearly . ahead for this poor child, but the path is most difficult, and she will have to face much sorrow. Perhaps in a little while it may be pqssiblo for you to bring* her in contact with your mother. She has need, 'indeed, of gpod kind women about her. I have longed, on my part, for my promised wife to bo here, but we can do nothing, any one of us, , immediately. Doctor Thorold, I expect, will act most prominently for her.' .The colour that came and went so swiftly in Michael's fair, handsome face floated across it now for an instant. ' She will be in good hands, then,' he said, 'for Doctor Thorold is a good man.' : Paul assented. He was becoming absorbed again in thought about Cecil, and he did not notice, as he would have done in other moments, that there was a curious expression in Michael's faco and voice as he spoke of Doctor Thorold. The two men were talking together in tho big dining-room. Paul had made a pretence of eating some breakfast, and lie was now waiting impatiently for Doctor Thorold. to como. ? Ho felt nervous at the -thought of fac ing the strange woman alone. Michael had said all he had to say, so he turned to go. He paused for one instant as ho was passing out. ' I should like to attend tho fuueral, and if tliero is anything, no matter how small,, that 'I can do, you will let m'e know ?' ? ? ' ' You may rely on mo,.' Paul said,; Then his eyes went toward tho ground, and his faco cleared as he saw a carriago advancing. ' Here is Doctor Thorold,' he said,' with his voice full of relief. ' ' Michael went out through the doorway and stood a little apart, watching the old doctor alight from tho carriage. There was a sort of -deference and tenderness in him as ho looked at the worn, beneficent face of the great scientist, but this expression went wholly as ho watched Felix Bingham jump from tho brougham and follow his uncle to tho house. ' The son of my mother's enemy should be my enemy, too,' he said to himself, half bitterly. Then, with a sigh and a glance that carried his heart's sweetest thoughts toward the darkened room where Cecil was, Michael turned and went ba^k to the workshop to gather togethor his belongings and to make himself ready to leave tho White Abbey when its dead master had boon laid iu tho grave, J CHAPTER VI. Doctor Thorold clccted to speak alono with tho woman who had called herself so. boldly Lady Lacklyne and claimed so roughly tho closest and sweetest relation with Cecil. If I havo need of you I will ask you to como,' ho said to Paul. ' Felix went l'or a saunter about tlio quaint place. Ho had gone through tho form of asking to see Miss Lacklyne, but he did not press this matter. He must bo cautious first, and he must know things definitely before deepening his influence in Cecil's lifo. Con versation with his uncle had given him back his confidence in Cecil's fortune. In any case, so Doctor Thorold had said, tho girl could not be materially injurod by the arrival of a wife on the scene. ' Slic will take a widow's share, that is all ; perhaps not even that, if it is proved she has been legally separated all these years,' had been Doctor Thorold's theory. Felix had questioned a little more closcly. ' And there is no doubt, I suppose, as to the real extent of tho property — I mean that Sir Charles has died a rich man, uncle?' ' On that point there can be no doubt at all. Laclclyno came into a fortune about twelve or fifteen years ago, since which I should think he lias made another fortune through speculation. His expenditure down hero was heavy, of course, because his en gineering mania was also an expensive one ; but tho property of tho White Abbey, with all its outlying farms and lands, is of big value, and if sold to- morrow would realize con siderably over one huudred thousand pounds, All this must pass to the girl.' Felix had feln his heart thrill. It gave him a sense of delight to recall ? that moment of the early dawn when Cecil Lacklyne had lain so feeble and stricken in his arms, and when his eyes and his lips had drawn her pure white heart from, her and made it his own. The girl's beauty had not appealed to Felix, yet he felt satisfied with her. A woman with such wealth as this would havo had a beauty for him had she been the ugliest creature in ex istence ; aud though he scarcely remembered what Cecil was really like, he was conscious that she was at least not ugly. It had been her picturesque garb that liad' mado the most impression on him. Felix, was not likely to have responded to the exquisite delicacy and the soulful loveliness of Cecil, His .taste lay in a stronger direction. He liked women of another type, women who matched himself physically and mentally. He had suck a woman floating in his mind as he listened to his uncle speaking of Cecil's wealth, and hG told himself impatiently that the world ? was very unevenly divided, and that things never went as they should go. 'Nevertheless, ho was in a state of mingled excitement and satisfaction as he left his uncle to 'approach the soi-disant Lady Lacklyne, and as he walked under the tall, commanding trees — the trees Cecil loved so well — he felt already the delight of proprietorship and the power of much money. Ho determined to remain a few days with his uncle. His practico would not suffer by his absence, and the respite from his annoying creditors would be pleasant. Once let it be rumoured abroad that lie was about to marry Sir Charles Lacklyne's daughter and heiress, and his life would be in clover. His ready imagination painted out swiftly before him a succession of wonderful pictures. No more drudgery ; no mote struggling ; a splendid position fino horses ; a reputation for mag nificent' hospitality; a sensational 'tour of the world; a yacht built to his own fancy — these and other visions of kindred sort flashed through his brains and intoxicated him. He had no doubt of winning Cecil, and in this the man was not very presumptuous or vain. With his wonderful appearance, his irresistible fascination, it would have been an easy task for him to win tho heart, the faith, the con fidence of any girl, even, one who had had worldly 'experience to warn and guide her; how much more sure, therefore, was his suc cess with a simple, innocent child such as 'Cecil was ! ' * * * Sir Charles Lacklyne's strange guest made it known through Nini — poor, frightened Nini: — that she ?would receive Doctor Thorold. . He found her sitting by an open window. She wore the heavy cloak' about her shoulders, and tho scarf was twisted round her head. It was evident that she had been sitting in this one position' all night. She turned as Doctor Thorold came in. ' They tell me Charles Lacklyne is dead. Is it true ?' The old doctor bent his head for answer, and lie looked at her curiously, yot with a pity ho could not control. The woman's voice had tho sound in it of misery too great to be measured by words. It was harsh, and yet it was hushed, too, as though it had beensilent for .-a long space of time. Doctor Thorold's eyes pierced, too through the mask of almost repulsive ugliness, and read tho history beyond of a beauty which, if of a coarse nature, had been undoubted. ' He was a bad man,' tho woman said in that: strange, bttter, :husky voice — ' ono of the worst. Such an easy death was too good for him.' , Sebastian Thorold drew a deep breath. ' You will allow me to sit down,' he said courtesly. ' I am old and rheumatic, too, I am sorry to say.' ' The woman laughed a hard, empty laugh. I have no manners, you see. Whore I have lived they don't teach one civility. You have 1 come to question me, I suppose. Who are you ? Are you a relation ?' Doctor Thorold shook his head. Ho ex plained his' position. I am one of the few friends and porliaps the oldest one Miss Lacklyne has, and as such I have felt I might venture to associate my self witli her affairs. You have made cortain statemonts ?' ' Which I am ready to prove. I am Charles Lacklyno's wife. . I married him twenty years ago last May. ? I have my cortificate. I was not likely to como here aud claim my rights without bringing' my proofs. I am not such a fool as all that.'! She laughed again, and drawing a bag noar her, sho urilbcked it and took out some papers. ' These will prove all Ihave'said. I am Charles Lacklyno's wifo, or widow, now that he is dead, and Cecil Lacklyne is my child.' A shiver .-passed through ; Sebastian Thor I old's heart as he heard these last words. He r was sony for this wbrnanj he could not holp but fool that whatover she was sho had been | wronged ; but still it was terrible to him to associate even the mention of such a woman with tho beautiful, pure, child-like girl he loved. ? Tho mother of Cecil Lacklyne had always lived in his imagination as some dolicate, high-born creature, whoso death had de vastated the lifo of Charles Lack ly no and mado him tho queer, irrational being lie was. ' I will answer all your questions,' tho woman opposite said grimly. ' Why havo you never come here bciloro ? Why havo you come in tho way you did last night ? These papers have the air of being genuine, but they must bo tested, as you will readily understand. ; I have been intimate with Sir Charles now for many years,' Doctor Thorold added, 'and I never heard him mention his wife.' ,* ' I havo been dead to tho world for many years. When I catno upon him last night ho thought I was a ghost, for he, top, has .be lieved me dead, and he has wished it, too ; on that you may count pretty surely. But I am not dead ; I am alive, and I havo come, late as it is, to claim my own. Search through the papers. It will be odd if you don't find something that- will be a witness for me.' 'You como now— rfropi where?' Doctor Thorold asked, a little wearily. The convic tion was pressing on him that there would be right at the back of these statements. ' I landed from Australia two days ago. My sentence was worked out quickly. I was a good- conduct one. They gave me eighteen years, but I have only done fifteen. I am out on ticket-of-leave now.' Sho spoke quite callously. ? Womanliness, pride — if it had ever existed — shame, seemed dead within her. Sebastian Thorold shaded his face with his hands and sent up a little prayer for Cecil. . ?' What — what was your crime ?' he asked, in a low voice, when he could speak. _ ' Robbery and murder,' sho answered, and there w.as something in her words, in lier tone, that made the old man, student of science as he was rather thain of human nature, look at her with sudden sympathy. ' Were you guilty ?' he said involuntarily. She looked at him in the same hard, grim, repulsive way. ' Lord, do you suppose they ever punish an innocent creature ?' Her voice was pitiless in its bitterness. Then suddenly a change Swept over her hard, distorted face, making it soft, and brushing out of it that defiant lost look that had so hurt poor Cocil. ,. ? ? ' ' Don't begin raking up the past. You'll get all the account of me — my trial and my con viction — if you'll send to Melbourne. It was a big case, and I was a notoriety for several weeks. They put my picture in the papers, they called me a handsome women in those days. Ah! Ah! it must strike you as funny to hear that now when you see what I am ; but it was the truth.' 1 She was swaying to and fro on her chair, lier face white to the lips, and tears that seemed like frozen anguish and sorrow steal ing down' her cheeks. Even the husky horror of her voico was lost in this moment. She was a living, suffering woman, and there was something about her that smote Sebastian Thorold to the heart and oppressed him with a sense of a terrible wrong. Then all at once she stretched out her hands to him — those poor, roughened, distorted hands, and she had a sob in her voice. j 'God bless you!' she said. 'God bless you ! You don't know'what you've done for me. You are the first creature who has doubted my sin. There will be a reward for you for this if God is just, as I have long taught myself to believe was not. the truth.' Sebastian Thorold held her hands in his tenderly — reverently. 'Never doubt God,' he said, with solemn emphasis. ' It is man who fails — never God !' She shrank back in her chair and drew her cloak about her. : ' Oh, the cruelty, tho unutterable cruolty of man !' sho said, with a wail. Then with an effort she recovered herself. ' Look, here I' have written the names of those who can testify to me. I hunted them up before I left Melbourne ; some of thoso who knew me are dead, but these few are living. They will tell you all you want to know. ? Doctor Thorold took the papers. ' You will trust these with me ?' he said. She bent her head. Her old look, her old manner had comtf back to her. ' Yes; I will trust you,' she answered. They wero silent a little while. Doctor Thorold spoke first. i ' You will stay hero for tho present, but you must have some comforts. Have you had food to-day ? Nay, I am sure you havo not. I must look to this. Sir Charles' lawyers will be down here immediately, and you will have to go through some long interviews. I will have some food and wine sent to you.' He turned to go, but she called him. back. ' Understand, I don't want to rob hor — no, not of one farthing — 'J camo to punish him, but not her. I wanted my rights only because I -knew he would fight me — but -now he is gone. Her voico died away. Sho had risen to her feet. ' If I have enough to live on, 111 be content now — ho is dead, and so my life is finished, for I* only lived for rovenge. I'ye grown into a sort of wild beast all these ?years, but^oh, Heaven ! if you could know ^ Sho cast, the heavy cloak' from her and paced the room hurriedly. Her figuro had still somo beautiful lines; she held her head woll. She came to a sudden stop before him.- ' Why should I stay at all ?' sho said, half pitcously, half doggedly. ' I am a lost creature this is hot tlio place for mo, and she she Do you think I would harm a hair of her head.?' sho.asked, fiercely. ' Do you think they have crushed all tlio mother's heart out of mo in tlieso iong, awful years? 1 needed but the sight of her last night to waken out of tho hideous dream I havo been in for so long. I have fed myself on savago thoughts, kept lifo in my body and sauity in my brain by dwelling on tho moment of my freedom and my revengo ; but now— now ? ' Sho flung out lier arms, and her head, with its close cropped gray hair, sank forward on her breast— ' now somothing tortures mo when I realise what I havo done. Not for his sake, but for hers, my pure, sweet child— Oh, I could kill mysolf when I stop and see what misery I havo brought in hor lifo ! Give mo my papers. I will go. It is not too lato to atone. I havo been mad— worse than inad. What fool's dream camo to me to picture myself living near lior— to imagiuo it possible sho wonld over put her arms about mo to kiss mo or call mo mother ! Thoso thing aro written in books, biit tlioy aro not done in real life.- ? Oh, if you aro hor friend, you will help mo now to undo what I have dono. You- will- got mo away from here — far, far away, wliore I can live in peace uutil sho is free from ihe and my tainted name. Givo mo this help. You aro a good man. You love her. I leave all in your hands.' , Sho was growing' breathless with excitement, with her '''overpowering emotion, and tears were cbnrsihg ' down Sebastian Thorold's worir cheeks'.' '' Ah, 'thoro wero, indeed, more wonderful things in human nature that ever scienco had devised. ' I leavo all in your hancls; Let them call mo impostor, lunatic, what they will ; I will not remain.' I havo sinned' too much already. God has made mo a mother, and I havo forgotten: my motherhood in my wild, horrible lust for re venge. Givo mo my things and let us part. You will guard her and care' for her, T kno\v';' and I — I will pray for. her as long as breath is loft in my body.' Sho wrapped the cloak about her and took the papers from Doctor Thorold's trembling, hands. Hor passionate words, her misery,' her nobility, the anguish and the sacrifice of which she was capable, bewildered and touched the old man. Ho would have given much to havo stood now between this woman and her self-elected exile. His heart yearned to speak words of comfort, of patience,' of hope, but his lips seemed sealed. He could solvo somo intricate scientific'mystery as well as most men, but face to face with this simple yet colossal problem of life he was powerless to act, The women saw his distress. ' I am sorry for you, too,', she oaid. ' I have shocked you and troubled you. But be patient with mo. I am -going.' She moved to tho door ; but before sho could reach it, it had opened and another woman's form had slipped in and stood erect there. It was Cecil, but a differont'Cecil from the one Doctor Thorold had known so long. The girl had put off her velvet clothes. Sho wore a white gown falling in straight, long folds from hor neck to her feet. It was her ordinary dressing-gown, worn always in the seclusion of her room, fashioned by Nini's loving hands and transforming the quaint, boyish form at once into that of a young' and lovely woman. Cecil did not look at Doctor Thorold. She stretched out her hands to tho stranger. 'Where aro you going, and why?' She took a step forward. ' I -have heard all you have said — yes, all,' she repeated. 'My room is next to this, and this door between was left ajar. I could not fail but hear. At first I did not care to listen, but afterward I was glad — yes, 'glad.' She went up to. the woman, who stood motionless, like a'. statue. 'Do not go,' she said, softly. Her voice was laden with tears and with a grief too deep for tears. 'Do not'go my mother ! This is your home, and I have need of youj' As she spoke she put her arms about the othor woman's neck and kissed her. Doctor Thorold made a step forward. ' Cecil!' he cried. ' Cecil, my dear — ' But Cecil did not answer. She was bend ing over the crouching woman at her feet, and her tears were falling in sorrow, yet in welcome, on her mother's head. (To be continued .) 