WHOSO FINDETH A WIFE. CHAPTER XXII.—TO ERR IS HUMAN. BY WILLIAM LE QUEUX, Author of 'Devil’s Dice,' 'The Great White Queen,' 'A Secret Service.' 'The Great White War in England in 1897,' 'Zoraida,' &c.; Being ' The Strange Story of England’s Peril, Man’s Betrayal, and Woman’s Love;’ related by Geoffrey Deedes, of the Foreign Office, London. . . . . . Instead of keeping behind her straight home, I turned from the main road, and with my mind fall of gloomy thoughts, wan dered about the dark quiet thoroughfares in the neighborhood of Campden Hill until, having walked for over an honr undecided how to aot, I awoke to a ooneciousneßa that I was before tny own house. When I entered I opened a telegram lying on the hall table and found it was from Lord Warnhatn, stating that he waß leaving the Premier's suddenly, and asking me to call at Berkeley Square at 6. It was then a quarter to 6, and I saw that even by cab I must be 10 minutes late for the appointment. 'Has my wife returned, Jnckeß?’ I asked my faithful man, who stood ready to relieve me of hat and coat. ■Yes,sir. She returned an hour ago, and is now in the drawingroom.’ ■ ■ ■ . My first impulse was to return to Berkeley Sqnare without seeing her, but unable longer to bear the suspense, I allowed Jnckes to take my things, and entered the room, where she awaited me. ‘Ah, Geoffrey,’ she exolaimed, jumping to her feet with an expression of joy and coming forward to meet me. ‘ I expected you home long ago, dearest.' Aud she raised her face for.the habitual kies. ‘ Oh,’ I said, coldly, placing her away from me without caressing her. ' Have you been home long?' 'A long, long, time,’ she answered, re garding my ooldnesß with unfeigned surprise. ‘Where have you been to-day’’ I en quired, rather sharply, taking up a position on the hearthrug with my back to the bright wood fire. 1 This morning I went to Mr Praga’s studio and gave him a sitting. He is painting my portrait for the Academy you know.’ ‘Yes,’ I answered. ‘He told me so at the club the other day. Where else have you been 2' ‘ Why are you so anxious to have a com plete record of my doings 2' she asked, pout ing. ‘ You seem absurdly suspicious.’ I smiled bitterly. Since her return she had exchanged her tailor-made gown for a handsome dinner-dress, and wore as her only ornament a string of pearls, my wedding gift. She stood gazing at me with her dark blue eyes wide open, and browß arched in well-feigned reproach. ‘Yon did not return to lunch,' I said, quietly. • No, I went to Pont street,’ Bhe answered. ‘ Mother was so fearfully upset.’ ‘Why’’ ‘Last night she detected Helmholtz ia the sot of opening a letter he had taken from the postman. It contained a cheque, and Bhe was compelled to disoharge him at a mo ment's notice.’ ‘ I understood he was quite a model ser vant,' I said, in genuine snrprise at this latest development. To me it was astound iog that a shrewd officer like Kenonf should have thns allowed himself to be canght nap ping- , ‘ Mother thought moßt highly of him, she went on, ' Bnt it now appears for the past few weeks she has bad Bnspioions that her letters were being tampered with, for two cheques Bent by tenants for rent have been stolen.’ 'I never thought very much of him,’ I said. * Neither did I,’ she declared. ‘ He had snoh a eilent cunning way, and moved so softly that dozens nf times when I have turned suddenly I have been qnite startled to find him standing close to me. She packed him off bag and baggage.’ ' Did he protest bis innocence 2’ ‘No. He treated her with cool indiffer ence, placed hiß things in hie portmanteau leisurely, hailed a cab, and weut off without asking for his wages.’ I was eilent. The reason Benonf should descend to steal cheques was inexplicable. One thing, however, appeared clear; namely, that he bad taken an unusual interest in the nature of Mrs Laing’s correspondence. To me it was a matter for congratulation that as he had been detected by his mißtress and discharged he could not cast upon me the blame for his betrayal. ‘ What did you do after lunch !' I at last enquired, returning to my charge. ' I went shopping,’ she replied, Bmiling. ‘ With whom !’ ‘ Alone.’ ‘ Were you alone the whole time !' I en quired, regarding her intently. Her lips quivered slightly and her glance wavered. 1 Yes,’ Bhe answered, • I did not meet any one I knew.’ 1 That is a lie, Ella,’ I cried. ‘ It is not,' she stammered, pale and agi tated. ‘I have told you the truth.’ .‘To prevaricate is utterly useless,* I said angrily. • I followed you through Kensing ton Gardens, where you were walking with your lover. I ' ‘ My lover,' she cried, hoarsely, in dismay. ' He—he is not my lover, I had never seen him before.’ ‘ Then by your own admission yon have abandoned all respeot for me and yourself. Yon are addicted to strolling alone with any idiot who flatters you.’ ‘I swear I do not,' she retorted. ‘Yon misjudge me entirely,' And she placed her trembling hand upon my arm. But I shook it off wrathfully, Baying—‘l have discovered the truth, alas.! too late. While making pretence to love me you prefer the society of other men. I was a blind fool, or I should have discovered the fact, plain to everybody else, that Ogle was your lover, and that you mourned for him when he met the fate he so justly deserved.' ‘ He never uttered one word of love to me, Geoffrey,’ she protested. • How can yon make each horrible charges against me when I love yon so dearly,’ she cried, bursting into a torrent of tears. ‘ Because,’ I said with emphasis, ‘ because I have myself followed you this evening. Surely Kensington Gardens ie not the spot where a wife should take recreation, unless clandestinely, a3 you have done. No, this is hot thß.first occasion you have lied to me, Ella; but it shall be the last.’ .‘The last 1’ Bhe gasped glanciog up at me. ‘ What do you mean!' < ‘ I mean that I oau have no further confi dence in you, and tint we are better apart.' ‘ You don’t intend to leave me. Surely you would never be so cruel, Geoffrey. It would kill me.’ ‘ I have loved you, Ella,’ I said hoarsely, after a pause brief and fail of BUBpense. 1 No man oonld have loved a woman with a pas sion more tender than I have done, bnt now that I have discovered how basely I have been deceived my affection bai turned to hatred.' ‘You hate me,’ Bhe wailed. ‘Ah, no, yon cannot—you shall not,’ she cried aB, rushing towards me, she threw both arms around my neok, and notwithstanding my efforts to avert her, pressed, her tear-stained faco to mine. Roughly I unclaeped her arms and cast her from me, Baying— ‘ I have resolved. Nothing will cause me to re copsider my decision. We must part.’ ‘ It is not like you, Geoffrey, to be cruel to a woman,’ she said reproachfully, stand ing before me. ‘I admit I have acted foolishly, but that man you saw was not my lover. I oare for no one except your own dear self.’ ‘Terms of endearment are unnecessary,’ I answered impatiently, taming from her. ‘ Such expressions from one who has bo grossly deceived me are absolutely nauseat ing. I have striven for yonr social advance ment and have loved you dearly, bat from thin moment you are my wife oDly in name.’ She buried her face in her handß and was seized by a fit of hysterical sobbing. All her self-control had vaniehed at ths instant she realised that I knew the truth, and ehe now stood before me bent and penitent. ‘ Forgive me,’ ahe whispered earnestly. ’ Forgive me, Geoffrey.’ ‘No,’ I answered with firmness. ‘I can not trust yon.’ ‘ Overlook thiß incident, and I will never again give yon oanse for jealousy,’ she ex claimed. ‘ I will do anything yon ask, only have patience with me.' ‘ I have already had patience,’ I answered. ‘ Yet, deceived as I am daily, we can live together no longer.’ ‘ But I love yoo,’ she declared with fieroe earnestness, fixing her fathomless eyes upon me. ‘ If I lose you I shall kill myself.' ‘lt is your own fault entirely,’ I said. ‘ You have chosen to act in this manner, and whatever are the consequences they are of yonr own seeking. I suppose you will tell me next that this man who waß with yon compelled you to meet him.’ ‘That is the absolute truth,’ she faltered. ‘ Ah, always the same lame tale,’ I ob served in disgust. *1 have -pot forgotten that night at the Nook when I watched you walking with Beok. No, Ella. There is Borne Btrange myßtery about it all that I don’t like. Yon pretend to love me; bnt you have soma ulterior motive.’ ‘ There is a mystery, it is true,’ she ad mitted, her eyes dimmed with tears: ‘ A mystery bo strange and startling that when yon know the truth yon will stand aghaßt and dumbfounded. But with its elucidation you will have knowledge of how I have suf fered and striven for your sake; therefore I | can only pray that the revelations that must accrue may be hastened for, although to-day you regard me as base and deceitful, you will then learn how muoh one woman has endured and sacrificed because ehe loved you.’ ‘ Then we must part until this mystery is cleared up,’ I said, calmly/my heart full of grief. ‘You refuse to take me, your hus band, into your confidence, therefore I can place uo further reliance in your word.’ ‘ Think,’ she cried, olutohing my arms con vulsively. 1 \Yhy should the happiness of both of us be wrecked by a mere misuuder- Btanding ?' ‘ A misunderstanding,’ I echoed. ‘lt is assuredly more than that.’ ‘ No,’ she answered, endeavoring to stifle her sobß. ‘ You misunderstand mo, believ ing Hie false to you, whereas I am acting solely in our mutual interests.’ * To walk alone with a stranger is surely not acting in your husband’s interests,’ I ob served, bitterly. * Ab, you are mistaken,’ ehe eaid, quickly. ‘ When ail is explained you will regret the cruel words you have uttered this evening.’ ‘Have I, then, no oauae to object to your acquaintance with this man ?’ I enquired, looking sharply at her. ‘ Nona whatever. He ie neither my lover nor my friend.’ 1 What ib his name?' ‘I do not know. He did not tell me,’ Bhe replied. ‘ Was this the only ocoasion yon had met!' ‘lt was.’ ‘ He spoke to you casually in the street, I suppose!’ ‘No, we met by appointment at Victoria Station,’ she answered quite frankly. ‘By appointment! Then you know him!’ ‘ No, onr meeting waß arranged by a third person. It was by no means of an amatory character, I assure yon.’ ‘ What was its object!’ I aßkod. Slowly ohe shook her head. ‘loannot tell you without relatiog to you facte that I dare uot yet divulge.’ ‘ Ah 1 as I thought,' I cried in anger. ‘ You refuse always to explain. As each week passes the mystery surrounding you iDoroaseo.’ ‘ Unfortunately I cannot prevent it,’ she answered in a low earnest tone, ‘ Before wo married I told yon plainly that I intended to seek the truth of the conspiracy against Dudley’s life, and you did not object.’ ‘ Why not leave that wretched affiir to the police aud secure your own happiness ?’ I urged. ‘ Becauso the police are powerless. Thsy can have no clue,’ ‘ls it then absolutely neaessary that you should attain this end!’ I enquired dubi ously. ‘ Are you ready to sacrifice your own home and husband in order to ascertain the truth regarding a crime ?' ‘ Yea, it is absolutely imperative,’ Bhe replied emphatically, ‘ Before perfect hap piness can be oura we must both be aware of the causes which led to Dudley’s sudden death. Towards that end I am striving, and knowing what I do, I am regardless of your suspicious and your cruel words. If we part —well, it will he you who one day will be filled with bitter regret; and as for me, I shall not pause in my merciless quest.’ Often ehe had told me that to ascertain the true cause of Dudley’s death was, next to her duty as my wife, her main object in life, and theso words, uttered with au ear nestness that waß genuine, bore out her most frequent declarations. Glancing at the facts as a whole it was not surprising that I should have BUepeoted Dudley of having been her lover whose death she intended to avenge. In silence and hesitation I paoed the room that ahe had famished with such exquisite taste, A dozen times she asked forgiveness, bat no word passed my lips. She stood motionless, her head beat in submission, her hands clasped before her, awaiting my de cision. Her pale, tear-stained faoe betrayed signs of a terrible breathless suspense, she fearing that I intended to cast her off, while I could not bring myself to any firm boiief that her declarations of affection were genuine. Be tween na there yawned a gulf of darkness and mystery which hourly grew wider aod more impassable. ‘ Tell me that you'll still bo patient and wait,’ she impiorod at last. ‘Surely you oan see how intensely I love you aud how utterly aimless will be my life if we part.’ ‘ This mystery is, I confess, Ella, driving me to distraction,’ I said, halting at last before her. ‘Cannot yon confide in me!' I will preserve silence, I promise.' ‘ No, no,’ Bhe gaspsd in fear. * I—l dare not.’ Her attitude was one of deep dejection, yet I could not fail to notice, even at thia moment of her abject despair, how beantifui she was. But a look of unutterable terror was in her deep blue eyeß, and upon her handsome features was an expression as though, dreading exposure, ehe were haunted by some terrible ghost of the past. 1 You told me this once before,' I said gravely, ‘ and I trusted you. To-day I have dißonvered my confidence ill-placed.’ ‘ Trust me once again,’ she cried hoarsely. ‘ Only once, and I will Bhow you ere long that yonr suspicions are utterly without foundation.’ I took another turn up and down the drawingroom, my hands clasped behind my baok, my gszs fixed upon the carpet. I was still undecided. With a sudden impulse ehe rushed for ward, and flinging her arms about my neck kissed me, next second bursting into tears and burying her face upon my shoulder. My hand unconsciously stroked her hair, and, bending, I pressed my lips upon her Boft cheek. Then she kuew that I had forgiven, aud holding back her sob3 with difficulty raised her faoe, and kissing me passionately thanked me In a low broken voice, assuring ms that I should never regrot the Btep I bad taken. During half an hoar we remained together, she full of love and confidence, I admiring and hopeful. I was glad I had not acted rashly nor left her sb I had iutended, and as we went in to dinner arm in arm we laughed together, joyous in each other’s love. After we had eateo, I smoked a cigarette and lingered as long as possible happy with my well-beloved, then kissing her fondly I was compelled to take a haneom to Berkeley Square, promising her to return at the earliest possible moment, and expressing confidence that our love would last always. The Earl, grumbling at my tardy arrival, wbb busy in his library with a number of im portant dispatches relatiog to our affairs in the East. When be had expressed displea sure that I had uot been waiting to reoeive him he added— -1 But there, I suppose now you are mar ried, Deedes, your wife is exaating—they always are. She likes you to dine with her, ch !’ ‘Yes,’ I admitted, smiliug. ‘I did dine at home.’ 'Ah, I thought so,’ snapped the shrewd old Minister. ‘ A good dinner and your wife’s smiles were of more conßequenoe to you than England's prestige with tho Sultan, eh!* I made no answer to this sarcasm, bu t began buoying myself with the correspon dence, paoking it away in the dispatch-bag and sealing it far delivery to Hammerton, the messenger, who waa waiting in an ad joining room ready to take it to Constanti nople. Not until 11 o’olock was I Bble to get away from Berkeley Square, and leaving the aged statesman alone, deeply immersed in the puzzling applications for advioe of all sorts from her Majesty's representatives at the various Courts of Europe, I drove back to Fhillimore Gardens. On arrival home my first question of Juokes was whether Ella wan in the draw ingroom. ‘No, sir. Madam io out, air. 1 'Out! When did she go out ?’ ' About an hoar after you had left sir,’ replied tho man, 'She has gone into tho country, I believe.' 'lnto the country I What makes you think so Y ‘Because she pat on her travelling dress, and took two trunks with her,’ he answered. ‘ Roberts, her maid, eaid Bhe packed the boxes herself throo daya ago.’ ' Did she say where Bhe was going 1’ I en quired breathlessly. 'No, air. She left no message with any one.’ Eutering the drawingroom with my over coat still on I noticed, lying upon her little rosewood escritoire, a note addressed to me. Eagerly I took it up, tore it open, and read its contents. There were only a few hurriedly scrawled words —a brief and formal farewell. ‘ You cannot trnst mo,’ eho wrote, ‘ there fore we are best apart. Do not attempt to follow me, for you cannot find me. Do not think ill of me, for even if I have wronged aud deoeived you, I have nevertheless been your friend.’ It commenced formally, wilhout any en dearing term, and concluded abruptly with the two words ‘yonr Wife.’ For a few moments I otood with it in my hand, staring at it' in blank amazement. Then it occared to mo that in that very escri toire she kept all her correspondence, and it was more than probrble that I might learu the troth from some of the lettere therein contained. I endeavored to open it, bat it was, as usual, locked. She had taken the key. In my sadden excitement I called to Juokes to bring a hammer, and with a few eharp blows broke open the sloping leather covered top, finding a number of letters addressed in un familiar handwriting. Ooc, larger than the rest, ornmpled, dirty, and worn, as if it had reposed in someone's pocket for a long period, I took out and eagerly opened baneath the soft shaded lamp. ' My God !’ I cried aloud, scarcely able to believe my own eyee, when next instant I realised tho terrible truth. ‘My God 11 bad never enspeoted this.’ [To be continued .) 