The Battle of Omdurman. FOLL DESCRIPTION. That most able of war correspondents, Mr. G. W. Stevens, thus describes the great bat tie in the London Daily Mail (all previous descriptions having been telegraphic) :-Our camp for the night of September 1, was in the village of Agaiga, a mile south of Kerreri Hill. On our left front was another bill, higher, but single-peaked and rounder Gebel Surgham. In front the ground was open for five miles or so-sand and grass broken bj only a few folds-with a group of hills beyond. The force had formed np in position in the aftcnoon, when the Dervishes followed the cavalry home, and had remained nnder arms all night ; at half-past five in the morning, when the first howitzer-shell from opposite Omdurman opened the day's work, every man was in his place. The line formed an obtuse angle ; the order of brigades and battalions, counting from the left, was the following: Second British (Bifle Brigade, Lancashire Fusiliers, Northumberland Fusiliers, Grena dier Guards) ; First British (Warwicke, Sea forths, Camerons, Lincolns) ; Second Egyptians (14th, 12th, 13th Sudanese, and gth Egyptian in support). Here came the point of the angle ; to the right of it were : -¿-First Egyptian Brigade (11th, 10th, 9th Sudanese, 2nd Egyptian supporting) ; Third Egyptian (1th, IStb, and 3rd and 7th Egyptian, in column on the right flank). The Fourth Egyptian Brigade (1st, 6th, 17th, and 18th Egyptian) was in reserve in the village. All the Egyptian battalions in the front were in their usual formation, with four companies in line and two in support. The British bad six in line and two in support. On the extreme left was the 32nd Field Battery ; the Maxims and Egyptians field guns were mounted at intervals in the in fantry line. The cavalry had gone out at the first streak of grey. British on the left, as usual, Egyptian with camel-corps and horse battery from the right moving across our front. The gunboats lay with steam np off the village. Light stole quietly into the sky beyond ns ; there was no sound from the plain or the hills before ns ; there was hardly a sound from our own line. Everybody was very silent, but very curious-. Would they be so mad as to come ont and run their heads into our fire ? It seemed beyond boping for ; yet certainly they had been full of war the day before. But most of ns were expecting in stantly the order to advance on Omdurman. A trooper rose out of the dimness from be hind the shoulder of Gebel Surgham, grew larger and plainer, spurred violently np to the line and inside. A couple more were silhouetted across our front. Then the el ec trie whisper came racing dowe the line ; they were coming The Lancers came in on the left ; the Egyptian monnted troops drew like a curtain across us from left to right. As they passed a flicker of white flags began to extend, and fill the front in their place. The noise of something began to creep in upon ns ; it cleared and divided into the tap of drums and the far away surf of faucons war-cries. A shiver of expectancy thrilled along our army, and then a sigh of content They were coming on. Allah help them, they were coming on. Tt was now half-past six. The flags seemed still very distant, the roar very faint, and the thud of our first gun was almost startling. It may have startled them too, but it startled them into life. The line of rings swung for ward and a mass of white flying linen awong forward with it too. They came very fast, and they came very straight ; and then pre sently they came no further. With a crash the bullets leaped out of the British rifles. It began with the Guards land Warwicks -section volleys at 2,000yds.; then as the Dervishes edged rightward it ran along to the Highlanders, the Lincolns, and to Maxwell's Brigade. The British stood op in double rank behind their zariba ; the blacks lay down in their shelter trench , both poured ont death es fast as they could load and press trigger. Shrapnel whistled and Maxims growled savagely. From all rha line cam»- perpetual fire, fire, tire, and shrieked forth ia great gusts of destruction. And the enemy 7 No white trooper wunld have faced that torrent of death for five minutes, but the Baggara and tbe blacks came on The torrent swept into them and hurled them down in whole companies. You saw a rigid line gather itse'f up and rush on evenly ; then before a shrapnel shell or a Maxim the line suddenly quivered and stopped. The line was yet unbroken, but it was quite still But other lines gathered up again, again and yet apain ; they went down and yet others rushed on. Sometimes they came near enough to see single figures quite plainly. One old man with a white flag started with five comrades ; all dropped, but be alone came bouuding forward to within 200 yards of the 14th Soudanese. Then he folded h:s arms across his face, and his limbs loosened, and he dropped sprawling to earth beside his (lag. It was the last day of Mahdism, and the greatest. They could never get near, and they refused to hold back. By now the ground before us was all white *i b dead men's drapery. Rifles grew red-hot ; the soldiers seized them by the slings and dragged them back to the reserve for cool ones, it was not a battle, but an execution. (n the middle of it all you were surprised to fiad that we were losing men. The crash of our own fire was so prodigious that we could not hear their bullets whistle ; yet they came and swooped down and found victims. The Dervishes were firing at their extreme range, and their bullets were many of them almost spent ; but as they always fire high they often hit. 80 that while yon might have thought you were at a shoot of rabbits, you suddenly heard the sharp cry. '' Bearer party there, quick," and a man was i being borne rearward. Few went down, bot I there was a steady trickle to hospital. Bullets may have been spent and Captain Caldecott. of the Wa-wicks. w«s one of th", strongest men in the army ; but that helped bim nothing when the dropping Hall took him in the temple and came ont through the jugular. He lay an hour unconscious-then opened his eyes with, " For G ui's sake, give - me water P and died as he drank. Most of all the two Highland batta'ions dropped ? men. The zariba behind which they were unwisely posted obliged them to stand, besides hampering them both in fire and when it came to movement ; a little cl map of enemy gathered in à hole in front of them, and by the time guns came up to shell them out the Camerons had lost some twenty-five and the Besforths above a dozen But loss on this scale was not to be con sidered beside the awful slaughter of the Dervishes. If they still came on our men needed only time and ammunition and stredgth to point a rifle to kill them off to the verv last man. Only by now-small wonder-they were not coming on. They - were not driven back ; they were all killel in coming on One section of fire after an other hushed , aud at 8 o'clock the village and the ptain were still again. The last ebeU had burst over the last visible group of Dervishes; now there was nothing but the'unbending, grimly-expectant line before Agaiga and the still carpet of white in front. We waited half an hour or so. and then the sudden bugle called us to our feet. ** Ad vance," lt cried ; " to Omdurman 1" added we. Slowly the force broke up, and expanded. The evident intention was to march io bri gades in echelon-the Second British lumimg along the river, the First British on their - right rear, then Maxwell's, Lewis's ana Mac Donald's, with Collinson's still supporting. Lewis and MacDonald had changed places, " - the latter being now outermost and rearmost; at the time few noticed that. The moment the Dervish attack had died down the 31st - Lancers had slipped out, and pushed straight for the Khalifa's capital. Movement was slow, since »the leading brigades had to wait till the others had gone far enough inland to take their positions. We ' passed over a corner of the field of fire, and - saw for certain what ¿wfui slaughter we had . done. The bodies were not in heap* ; bodies hardly ever are ; But they spread evenly over C acres and acres. And it was very remarkable, if yon remembered the Albara, that yon saw hardly a black ; nearly all the dead had the high forehead and taper -cheeks of the Arah. The Baggara had been met at las+, and he was worth meeting. Some lay very OMI* ~ pcsediy, with their slippers placed under their heads for a last pillow ; some knelt,cot -?? short in the middle of a last prayer. Others - were torn to pieces, vermilion blond already drying on brown skin, killed instantly beyond doubt. Others again, seemingly as dead ses these, sprang uo as we approached, and - rushed savagely, hurling spears at 1 he nearest enemy. They were bayoneted or shot. Once again the plain seemed empty, but for the advancing masses and the carpet of reddened - white and broken bodies underfoot. It was now 20 minutes to 10. The British had crested a low ridge between Gebel Borg ham and the Nile ; Maxwell's brigade was ~ just ascending it, Lewis's just coming np under the hill. Men who could eo where -: they liked were up with the British, staring hungrily at Omdurman. Suddenly from rearward broke ont a heavy crackle of fire.' We thought perhaps a dozen mee or so had been shamming dead ; we went on staring at ~ Omdurman. But next instant we had to turn and galloped hot-heeled back again. For the crackle became a crashing, and the crash ing waxed to a roar. Dervishes were firing at ns from the top of 8ebel Burgham, der vishes were firing from behind and to the - right of it. The 13th Soudanese were bound ing np the hill, Lewis's brigade had hastily faced to its right westward, and was volley ing for life ; Macdonald's beyond, still facing northward, was a sheet of flaohev and a .loll of smoke. What was it? Had they come to life again Î No time to ask ; reinforcements or ghosts, they were on ns, and the hattie was begun all again. To understan ', you must hear now what we only heard afterwards. Tbe dervish anny it appeared, had not returned to Omdnrman - on the night of the let, but had bivouacked -40ÇOO0 to 50,000 of them-behind Gebel Surgham, south-westward from Agaiga. The Khalifa had doubtless expected a sndden attack at daybreak, as at Firket, at Aba Hamed, ou the A thara ; as we marched by night to our positions before Omdnrman he must have designed tn spring npon oar right flank. When day broke and no enemy ap- : peáred he divided his army into three corps. - The first under Osman Azrak, attacked tbs village ; the second, with the green banner of AU Wad Hein-with him Abdullahre eldest : son, the Sbeik-ed-T>in-moved towards Ker reri Heights to envelop our right ; the thud nnder Ahdullahi himself and his brother Tacoub, remained behind Surgham ready, ms need might be, to envelop onr left, er to act as reserve and bar our road to Omdurman: What befell the first you know ; Osman - Azrak died with them. The second spread out towards our right, *nd there it fell in with the Egyptian cavalry, horse bat'ery and camel corps. When Broadwood Bey fell bach before the attack, he rent word of its coming ; to the Sirdar, and received orders to remain outside the trench and keep the enemy in front instead of letting them get round the - right. Accordingly he occupied the Heights of Kerreri, but the moment he got to the top he found himself in face of Wad Helu's un suspected army-corps-12.000 to 15,000 men I against lesa than 2,000 men and the moment 1 he saw them they began swarming np tbe hill. There was j ist a moment for decision, but one moment is all that a born cavalry gene al needs. The next his galloper was flying with the news to the Sirdar, and the mounted troops were retreating northward. The choice lay between isolation, annihi'a tion or retreat on Agaiga and envelopment of the right. Broadwood chore the first, bat even for that the time was short enough. The camels floundered on the rocky hillside; the pons dragged ; the whole mass of PCT virtus pursued them with a pelting fire Two guns lost all t heir horses and were abandoned, the camel corps alone bad over 60 m>u bit. As for the cavalry, they went back ver» card pressed covering their comrades' retreat and - their own by carbine fire. If tbe Egyptian army but gave Victoria Crosses, there were many earned that day. Man after man rode back to bring in dismounted officers, and would hardly be dissuaded from t'eir en deavor when it was seen the rescued were plainly dead. It was the great, day of trial -the day the pick of our cavalry officers have worked tor through a weary decsdeand more-and the Fayum fellah fought Ikea hero and died like a man. One or two short of 10 killed and wounded was the day's Uss; but they came off handsomely. The army -»£ the green flag was now on Kerreri Heights, between them and the ramp ; but with Broadwood'e force unbroken behind it, it paused from the meditated attack on the Egyptian right. In the pause three of (be four gunboats caught it and pepper-castored it over with shell and Maxim fire, lt with drew from the river towards 'he centre again; the instant a way wa« cleared the out-paced camel corps was passed back lo Agaiga. The cavalry hung upon the Green flag's left, till they withdrew routh ward and inland ; tben it moved placidly back to the infantry again. Thus much for the right ; on the left the British cavalry were in the stress of an en gagement, less perfectly conducted, even more harlly fought out They left toe zariba, as you heard, the moment the attack burned out. and pricked eagerly off to Omdurman. Verging somewhat westward, to the rear of Gebel Surgham, »h y came on some 300 Der vishes Their scouts had fceen over the ground a thousand yards ahead of them, and it was WE have be-^n requested to draw attention <o Edward Barnett ¿Co's special line of Youths1 Stro g School Boots at 6/9 per pair, Boys' Strong Srhooi Boots 5/9 per i>air WtB believe nothing like th<6e have ever been, offered in Albany at the price before. clear foi a charge. Only to cot them off it was thonsht better to" get a little west of them, then left wheel, and thns gallop down on them and drive them away from their sup ports. The trumpets sang out the order, the troops glided into line, and, four squadrons in column, the 21st Lancers swung into their first charge. Knee to knee, they swept on till they were but 200 yards from the enemy. Then sud denly-then in a flash-they taw the trap. Between them and the 300 there yawned suddenly a deep ravine ; out of the ravine there sprang instantly a cloud of dark heads and a brandished lightning of swords, and a thunder of savage voices. Mahmud smiled when he heard the tale in prison at Haifa, and said it was their favorite stratagem. It had succeeded. Three* thousand, if there was one, to a short five hundred ; but it was too late to check now. Must go through with it now t The blunders of British cavalry are ; the fertile seed of British glory ; knee to knee the Lancers whirled on. One hundred yards-fifty-knee to knee 81ap 1 11 It was iust like that," said a cap* tain, bringing his fist hard into his open palm. Through the swordsmen they shore without checking-and then came the khor. The colonel at their head, riding straight through everything without sword or revolver drawn, found his horse on its l ead, and the swords swooping about his own. He got the charger up again, and rode on straight, unarmed, through everthing. The squadrons followed him down the fail. Horses plunged, blun dered, recovered, fell ; Dervishes on the ground lay for the hamstringing cnt ; officers pistolled them in pa«s ng over, as one drops a stone into a bucket ; troopers thrust till lances broke, then cot ; everybody went on straight, through everything. And through everything clean out the other side they came-those that kept up or got np in time. The others were on the ground-in pieces by now, for the cruel swords shore through shoujder and -thigh, and carved the dead into fillets. Twenty-four of these, and of .those that came out 71 had felt sword or bullet or spear. Few horses stayed behind among the swords, but nearly 130 were wounded. Lieutenant Bobert Gienfell's troop came on a place with a jump out as well as a jump in ; it lost officer, centre guide, and both flank guides, 10 killed and ll wounded. Yet, when they burst straggling ont their duly thought was to rally and go in again. " Bally, No. 21" yelled a sergeant, so mangled across the face that his body was a cascade of blood, and nose and cheeks flapped hideously as he yelled. " Fall out, sergeant, you're wounded," said the subaltern of.his troop. "No, no, sir; fall in 1" came the hoarse answer ; and the man reeled in his .. saddle. " Fall in No. 2 ; fall in. Where are the devils Î Show me the devils 1" . nd Na 2 fell in-four whole men ont of 30. They chafed and stamped and blasphemed to go through them again, though the colonel . wisely forbade them to face the pit anew. There were gnashings of teeth and howls of speech less rage-things half theatrical, half brutal i to tell of when blood has cooled, yet things | to rejoice oVer, in that they show the fighting devil has not, after all, been civilised out of Britons. Also, there were many and many deeds of self- abandoning heroism ; of which tale the half will never be told. Take only one. Lieutenant de Montmorency missed his troop-sergeant, and role back among the slashes to look tor him. There he found the backed body of Lieutenant Grenfell. He dismounted, and put it up on his horse, not seeing, in his heat, that life Lad drained ont long since by a dozen channels. The horse bolted under the slackened muscles, and De Montmorency was left alone with his re volver and 3,000 screaming fiends. Captain Kenna and Corporal Swarbrick rode ont, eau ht his horse, and brought it back ; the three answered the fire of the 3,000 at 50yds. and got quietly back to their own line un touched. Forbearing a second charge the Lancers dismounted and opened fire ; the carbines at short range took an opulent vengence for the lost. Back, back, back they drove them, till they came into the fire of tte 32nd Battery. Then shrapnel-flew shrieking over them ; the 3,000 fell all ways, and died. AU this from hearsay ; now to go back to i what we saw. When the Sirdar moved his i brigades southward he knew what he wa« doing. He was giving his right to an unbeaten enemy ; with his usual daring he made it so. His game was now to get bet wen the dervishes and Omdurman. Perhaps he did not guess what a bellyful of beating the unbeaten enemy would take, but he trusted to his generals and his star, and, as always, they bore him to victory. The blacks of the lSth Battalion wera storming Gebel Burgham. Lewis and Mac donald, facing west and «oath, had formed ? a right angle. They wpre receiving the fire of the Khalifa's division, and the charge of the Khalifa's horsemen ; behind these the Khalifa's huge black standard was flapping Taven-like. The Baggara horsemen were few and ill-mounted-perhaps 200 altogether but they rode to get home or die. They died. There was a time when one galloping Rasgara would have chased a tho- sand Egyptians, bur that timéis very long past I he fellaheen stood like a wall, and aimed steadily; at the word the chargers swerved towards Mac donald. The blacks, as cool as any Scotchmen, s tool and aimed likewise ; the last Baggara fell at the muzzles of the rifles. Onr fiie went on, steady, remorseless. The Remington bullets pi[ ed more and more rarily overhead, and the black heads thinned out in front. A second time the attack guttered and flickered out. It was just past ten ; once more to Omdurman. Two min a tei silence. Then once more the howling storm rushed down upon us ; once more crushed forth the answering tempest This time it hurst upon Macdonald alone from the north-westward upon his right flank, spreading and gathering to his right rear. For all their sudden swiftness of movement, the Dervishes throughout this day never lost ' their formation ; their lines drove on as rigidly as ours, regiment along-ide regiment in lines at six and eight and a dozen ranks till yon might have fancied the Macedonian phalanx was alive again. Left and front and right and -ear the masses ate up the desert-12,000 unhrok*n fast and fearless warriors leaping round 3,000. Now began the fiercest fight of . hat ne ree day. The Khaiifa brought up bis own black banner again : his staunchest die-hards drove it into the earth and locked their ranks about it. The green flag danced encouragement to the Allah- intoxicated battalions of Wad Helu and the 8heikh-ed-Din. It was victory or Paradise now. For us it was victory or shredded flesh and bones, unburied, crackling under the red slippers of Baggara victors It was the very crux and crisis of the fight. Tf Macdonald went, Lewis on his left and Collinson and the supporting camel corps and the newly re turned cavalry, all on his right or rear, must ail go too. The Second British and Second Egyptian Brigades were far off by now, ad vancing by the left of Burgham hill ; if they had to be recalled the Khalifa could walk back into his stronghold and then all our fighting was to begin anew. But Hunter Pasha was there and Macdonald Bey was there, born fighting men both, whom no danger can flurry and no sudden shift in the kaleidoscope of battle disconcert. Hunter sent for Wauchope's First British Brigade to fill the gap between Macdonald and Lewis. Tb« order went to General Gatacre first in stead of to the Sirdar ; with the soldier's in stinct be set the brigade moving <m the instant. The khaki columns faced round and edged rightward.rightward till the fighting line was backed with 3,000 Lee-Metfords. which no man on earth could face and live. Later the Lincolns were moved further still on to Mac donald's right. They dispute with the War wicks the title of the best shooting regiment in the British Army ; the men they shot at will dispute no claim of the Lincolns for ever. But the cockpit of the fight was Mac donald's The British might avenge his brigade ; it was his to keep it and to kill off the attack. To meet it he turned his front through a complete half circle, facing suc cessively south, wes* and north. Every tac tician in the army was delirious in h's praise; the ignorant correspondent was content to watch the man and his blacks. " Cool as on parade," is an old phrase ; Macdonald Bey was very much cooler. Beneath the strong square-hewn face you could tell that the brain was working as if packed in ice. He sat solid on his horse, and bent his black brows towards the green flag and the Beming tons. Then he turned to a galloper with an order, and cantered easily up to a battalion commander. Magically the rifles hushed, the stinging powder smoke wisped away, and the battalions were rapidly threading back and forward, round and round, in and out, as if it were a figure of a dance. In two j minutes the brigade was together again in a j new place. The field in front was hastening ; towards ns in a whitey-brown cloud of Der- i visbes. An order. MacDonald's jaws gripped j and hardened as the flame spurted out again, and the whitey-brown cloud quivered and stood still. He saw everything : knew what tb do ; knew how to do it ; did it. At the fire he was ever brooding watchfully behind his firing line ; at the cease fire he was in stantly in front of it ; all saw him, and knew that they were being nursed to triumph. His blacks of tbe 9Lh, 10th, and 11 th, the historic fighting regiments of the Egyptain army, were worthy of their chief. The 2nd Egyptian, brigaded with them and fighting in the line were worthy of their comrades, and of their own reputation as the best disciplined battalion in the world. A few had feared that the blacks would be too forward, the yellows too backward ; except that the blacks, as always, looked happier, there was no difference at all between them. The Egyptians sprang to the advance at the bogle; the Sudanese ceased fire in an instant silence at the bugle. They were losing men, too, for though eyes were clamped on the-Dervish charges, the Dervish fire was brisk. Man after man dropped out behind the firing Une. Here was a white officer with a red-lathered charger; there was a black stretched straight, bare-headed in the sun, dry-lipped, uncom plaining, a bullet through his liver ; two yards away a dead driver by a dead battery mule, his whip still glued in hand. The table of loss bad topped' 100-150-neared 200. Still they stood, fired, advanced, fired, changed front, fired-firing, firing always, deaf in the 4in, blind in the smarting smoke, hot, dry, bleeding, bloodthirsty, enduring the devilish fight to the end. And the Dervishes? The honour of the fight must still go with the men who died. Our men were perfect, but the Dervishes were, superb-beyond perfection, lt was their Jargest, best, and bravest army that ever fought against us for Mahdism and it died worthily of the huge empire that Mahdism won and kept so long. Their riflemen, mangled by every kind of death and torment that man can devise, clung round the black flag and the green, emptying their poor, rotten, homemade cartridges dauntlessly. Their spearmen charged death at every minnte hopelessly. Their horsemen led each attack, riding into the bullets till nothing was left but three horses trotting np to our line, heads down, saying, " For goodness' sake, let us in out of this.'' Not one rush, or two, or ten- but rush on rush, company on company, never stop ping, though all their view that was not un shaken enemy was the bodies of the men who had rushed before them. A dusky line got np and stormed forward : it bent, broke up, fell apart, and disappeared. Before the smoke had cleared another Une was bending and storming forward in the same track. It. was over. The avenging .squadrons of the Egyptian cavalry swept over the field. The Khalifa and the Sheikh-ed-Din had galloped back to Omdurman. Ali Wad Helu was borne away on an angareb with a bullet through his thigh bone» Yaconb lad dead under his brother's banner. From the green army there now came only death enamored desperadoes, strolling one by one towards the rifles, pausing to shake a sp« ar, turning aside to recognise a corpse, then caught by a sudden jet of fury, bounding forward, checking, sinking limply to the ground. Now nuder the black flag in a ring of bodies stood only three men facing the 3,000 of the Third Brigade. They folded their arms about the staff and gazed steadily forward. Two fell. The last Dervish stood up and filled his chest ; he shouted the name of his god and hurled bis spear. Then he stood quite still, waiting. It took him full ; he quivered, gave at the knees, and toppled with his head on his arms and his face towards the legions of his conquerors. 