[?] The Truth About the Church. IS SHE THE ENEMY OF THE BIBLE ?— WHY THE LATIN TONGUE IS. USED. . . s ...... . _ It is false to affirm that the Catholic Church is the enemy of God's revealed word, or that she forbids the reading of the v- Scriptures to her children. She teaches that the Scripture is the revealed word of God, that every tittle of it waa written under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, that in the words of St. Paul to ri^i w\ /t»-- 1-iTT * tC All QnMmf.iino \ nomnnrl /*\t ? %\c\r\ ia J. illlVJUli V ? XJLXl UbL 1JJUUL W AMUJJiLVU \J M. V* WV* IU profitable to teach, to reprove, to correct, to instruct in justice.' 2 Tim. iii. 16. With a mother's care she protected and saved the written word during the bloody persecutions which the Roman Empire for three hundred years carried on against her and everything that belonged, to her, in cluding the Scriptures. She protected and saved, them during the ages when the fierce northern pagan barbarians swept in a tide of destruction over Europe burning, pillaging \ and wasting everything in tmeir patn. it was she that settled the canon of the Scrip ture and authoritatively decided what books * were canonical and true Scripture and what must be considered as spurious. For cen turies she kept hundreds and thousands of her children employed in translating and transcribing the Word of God, aye, and in letters of gold and on parchment of purple to show veneration and love for God's word. She causes it to be, read in her public services and to be expounded to . her people. The priests are bound under the most solemn obligation to read daily for an hour the Scriptures and com mentaries on the Scripture. Her commen taries on it are the best and most learned ever written. Catholic kings and emperors in ?? the middle ages, when wishing to testify their regard and reverence to frienda or to religious men, could find nothing more ex . pressive of their esteem than copies of the Soriptures, and these cop.ies were not unfre quently written in letters of gold and, covered with purple and ivory and precious stones. . Tina Mother of the Scriptures. And when printing was invented the Ohuroh made use of this new art which waa , about to revolutionize the world to dissem inate the .word of God in the ?' vernacular among' the people. Thus in Germany a Catholic version was printed nearly 60 years . before Luther's translation ; in fact, five different Catholic versons of Scripture in the vulgar tongue were published in Germany before Luther's bible appeared. The very same thing occurred iu Spain, ' Italy and France. See letter of Pope Pius VI. to the Archbishop of Florence on the popular use of the Bible in first page of the Douay Bible. See also the magnificent Enoyolioal Letter of Leo XIII. urging -the prayerful study of Holy Soripture. ? From these facts itis evident that it is false and unjust to aoouae the Catholic Church of being opposed to the Scriptures. On the contrary, it is her child and she is its mother, and she has ever pro tected, guarded and fostered it with a mother's loving care.1 ? 'He That Hears You, Hears Me.' But the Ohuroh is not only the friend and guardian of Soripture ; ahe ia alao its divinely ' 'appointed official interpreters/and teaoher. The Bible, as read and interpreted by eaoh individual for himself, was never interided by Christ to be the rule of faith and of morals. There are overwhelming arguments ? . and irrefragable facts against this Protestant theory. '? 1st. Christ never wrote a word of the Bible. 2nd. He never commissioned His Apostles to write it. 3rd. The Bible was not entirely. ? written and completed until about sixty-five years after the Ascension of our, Lord., 4th. Until the time of the in vention of printing, nearly fifteen hundred years of the Christian era, it was a physioal impossibility to disseminate the Bible so' as to bring it within the reaoh of all j and lastly, the vast majority of the people'oould not read it even though 1-hey had copies of it. The un learned and unstable wrest it to their own destruction, Christ our Lord appointed ( His Ohuroh to be tho guaudian and toaohor of His revealed word to His people. Just as the civil society and tho governing powBr , makes laws and appoint judges to expound their true meaning, so Christ, the Divine Law-giver, appoiutod and com missioned His Ohuroh to interpret and teaoh tho true meaning of His revealed word to His people. All power, said our Lord to the Church, in the persons. of the Apostles, is given to me in- heaven and* on earth. 'Going, there fore, teach all nations, teaching them to ob serve all things whatsoever I have com manded you.' (Math, xviii. 19). And again: 'Go ye unto the whole world and preach the Gospel to every creature.' (Mark xvi. 15)T 'He that hears you hears me, and he that despises you despises me.' (Luke x. 16). 'He that will not hear the Church let him be unto thee as a heathen and a publican.' (Math, xviii. 17). All these texts and many others go to show that Christ established His teaching church to be the rule of faith, and not the reading of the Scriptures. St. Paul in his epistle to the Romans (x. 17) positively affirms that 'Faith cometh by hearing ;' but Faith would not come by hearing, but by reading, if the Protestant theory were correct. * The Innumerable Sects. This is the relation of the Church Catholic towards Holy Scripture. She is its divinely appointed guardian and its unerring teacher. She is not guilty of the absurdity of telling every man, woman and child to read the Bible and to make out their religion from its pages. We see what the result of this theory has been in the innumerable sects that now exist outside the Church, all pre tending to read and to understand the true meaning of the Bible, . and all differing in their understanding of it. , Such endless divisions and such multitudes of warring sects generated by the principle of Protestantism have filled the world with doubts regarding the divinity of Christianity, nave supplied tne innaei with powerful arguments and have served to bring the religion of Christ into contempt. There is but one God and one true Faith, and that Faith is kept in its unity, purity 'and in tegrity by the Church Catholic, which interprets God's word by virtue of a divine commission and divine authority. Why the Latin is Used. Again it is charged that the Catholic Church ' uses- - an unknown tongue in- her services in order to keep her children in ignorance and to clothe her worship with the cloak of mystery^ The Catholic Church makes use of the Latin tongue in her public worship in the western church, and of the Greek in the eastern for the following reasons : The Church is universal ; her mission is to all mankind. Were she a mere national church, an 'English church or Frenoh or Italian, she would doubtless employ in her services the lauguage of the nation of which she was the Church. But the Catholic Church : being a universal unurcn maices use , oi one unvarying lauguage in her public worship in all the nations to at onoe typify her unity and uni versality, her worship being the same and in the same tongue in every country under the sun. The dootrines of the Church are definite, precise and unohanging'.* She there fore makes use of a dead tongue,, the meaning of whose words is fixed and unohanging, to enunciate and orystalise her dootrines and nrrifirifi. Thn mnn.rnnrr nf ?nr'nnria nf liitinn languages changes very frequently and could not t fittingly express unalterable and un changing dogmas. Besides, Latin was the language of the oiyilissed world when the Church began her mission, and oontinued so to be during the first four oenturiea of the Ohriatian era. It was the language in whioh she evangelised and ? Christianized the groat Roman world. But when that world became divided into various nationalities speaking divers tongues, the Ohuroh still re tained her primitive language, and thus remained unohanged in her speeoh, as. well as in her constitution, This language, therefore, connects her with the Apostolic age, and she still oontinues to speak and use it beoause she is One, Apostolic, unohanging and Catholic But not on that aooount are her people ignorant of her worship and her liturgical devotions. They are taught from their infanoy the meaning of tho worship and publio devotione of the Ohuroh. Their prayer books oontain translations of her Latin service's, the Epistles and Gospels are read in the vulgar tongue by the pastor, and sermons are regularly proaohod in HI — — — IHIiMWIIWIW^PMMMI_.ILLJU ? I— — ^^— __ -— ^^^— — — — i^— — English and her dootrines aro taught and explained in tho vernacular tongues of her ohildren. Besidos, many of tho publio de votions, such aa tho Way of the Cross and the Rosary and the Litanies, aro oonduoted in English.; ? She neglects her heart who studios her glass.— Lavater. The way of truth is like a great road. It is not difficult to know it. Tho ovil ia only that men will not seek it. — Monoius. The result of the recent conference bo , tween colliery proprietors and tho miners at Newcastle on the' Question of the price of coal is a profound secret, but it is gonorally stated that, it is the intention to raise tho price to 8a per ton, and to advanoo the howing rato proportionately. The Mayor has been asked by stock owners ana stook salesmen to consider tho advisability of having Flomington yards lighted by elootriojty so that drafting might be ddne at night time, and he ,has given a favourable reply. , The present system of allowing sheep and oattle to stand in trucks all night after coming a long journey is barbarous. And it is this reason why it is so difficult to, got a good piece of sfeoalc in Sydnoy. 