POLITICAL POTHERINGS. ' University professors are very worthy but sometimes very stupid persons.'—Grainger. 'Toby' Barton has fractured his arm. His followers regard this as a bad omen for federation. But federa tion is like Sister Anne's cloud of dust, a long way off. The Freetrade Government of New South Wales, finding itself in a financial hole, immediately proceeds to clap on Customs duties. Beautiful consistency ! Georgey Porgey Reid's Cobden Club medal must press very heavily on his ponderous stomach now, but so long as he keeps h s majority togeth* r he wont much mind. Reid's recent action simply proves, what has often been contended, that a real freetrader doesn't exist, at least in Australia. Warren, M.L.C, tried to frighten Russell, M L.C., into opposing the second reading of the Early Closing Bill. But Farmer Bill has a fairly tough epidermis, and Warren's weapons are too blunt to pierce it. D. M. C.—David Morley Charleston —Destiny Made Conservative. O'Malley calls the River Murray a mud stream. Some of that mud may stick—at Goolwa. The Law Reform Bill has brought out Downer, Glynn, and Homburg as fighters for tradition. Sir John is positively lachrymose at the unholy interference with the favored pro fession. Glynn and Homburg are less emotional, and argue from force of habit. Though Law Reform will not be passed this session it is within measurable distance, and the Uni versity protest is the last kick of a dying mule. ' Sir Forty-Bob Boucaut.' That is the way King O'Malley gets even with the Judge for that verdict in the Morehead libel action. The O'Malley will never forget Sir James' implicit confidence in ' the bluff old English soldier.' Dick Hooper has got into disfavor with some of his mining constituents because of his successful action in urging the construction of smelting works in the Far North. Wallaroo must not be greedy. It cannot possibly smelt all the ore raised in South Australia. Copley's seat for Yorke's Peninsula is by no means a dead certainty. A strong local man might upset the. pot of the Blackrock Plains farmer. His safety lies in the fact that nearly every township on the Peninsula possesses a resident who imagines him self eminently fitted for legislative honors, and so jealousy yellow stalks through the district. And Copley winks the other eye. If Mayor Tucker decides to contest Encounter Bay, and this appears to be a moral, it is understood that Cornelius Proud, will, in the interests of purity, or some other ty, stump the district against him. Mark Quiz's words. The election in Arcadia is going to be as lively as they make 'em. When Proud has finished with Tucker, the crested blue jay of the mountains, alias King O'Mal ey, will sail in, and personalities will lie so deep that the electors will need seven leagued boots to get out of their way. Carpenter will be the only happy man of the syndicate. Mortlock has been waking up in the Assembly lately. He interjected quite a number of times last week. Almost certain absentees from the next Parliament.—Randell, Goode, and Cock. The latest on dit is that Acting Editor Sowden of the Register will not contest Gumeracha, but will go to represent his paper in London. A much more pleasing task, Brother Sowden. Dr. Campbell's death shortens Bice's term of service in the Legislative Council by three years. This is bad luck, but Bice, who is a straight goer, ought to have no difficulty in securing re-election. Nearly three years ago a Conserva tive reaction was confidently pre dicted in South Australia. It didn't come. Now the same cry is raised, and, if certain people are to be be lieved, Kingston, the Labor Party, and Liberals generally are to be sent to eternal smash next March. The old adage, ' Don't prophesy unless you know,' doesn't deter some folks from the prophetic business. A good many things may happen between now and March. Conservatives are hugging the de lusion to their souls that if Tom Playford entered the House of Assembly he would at once array himself in opposition to Kingston, and turn that gentleman out of office in less than three months. Stranger things have occurre 1 in politics, as witness Coltons treachery to Boucaut (using the work ' treachery' in a Pickwickian - Parliamentary sense). But it will take a great deal to make Playford oppose Kingston. He may differ from him on many little points of policy, but Tom is too fond of Charlie to plot his overthrow. In 1892 Kingston foresaw the possibilities of Premiership with a strong team, and he commenced to play his cards towards that end. Ic was necessary to remove Holder from power and let Downer in. That trick was soon accomplished, and then Kingston had Playford, Holder, Cock burn, Gillen, and Gordon ready to his hand when the time had come for the Downer Ministry to give up the ghost. Everything turned out as planned, though the Downeri es made a strong effort to capture th- Labor votes. If Labor had proved amenable Sir John might have been Premier up to date. What price a somewhat similar coup next year if the elections should go against the Kingston party ? A short reign for Downer, and then a gathering up of the remnants by Kingston, and a strong Government with Charlie, Playford, and Holder as the backbone. 