Is it the hot weather that is respon sible for some of the extraordinary editorial effusions that have placed themselves in evidence of late. The good old joke about Queen Anne being dead was supposed to have long since been buried in the tomb of the Capu lets. The hifalutin exhortations about the horny-handed, the down-trodden sons of toil, was thought laughed out of countenance, but on read ing a worthy and much respected daily print the other day we discovered an attempt to revive the ghost of several old chesnuts that we thought had been laid aside for ever. Our first impres sion was that we were being treated to a lengthy and unacknowledged extract from the journal with the stupendous circulation. The voice was the voice of Jacob, but the hands were the hands of Esau. There was no mistaking the latter. The voice was admirably imitated. The same perfervid spirit of sympathy for something supernal, for some ideal that should be wor shipped such aB poets alone dream of. The same eagerness to court, to flatter, and apothecesise. We did not com prehend the conundrum until we came to the subject matter of the adula tion, and then we found that the working man was the source of inspiration—not the working man as we know him in the colonies, but the unfortunate submerged speci men in England, about whom Mr Stead writes so feelingly. There are various classes of working men, and they vary according to circumstances, especially as regards education. The workmen of Victoria are not to .be cau*gh't by "buttered words any more than fincheß are caught by sprinkling salt on their tails, and we have no hesitation, therefore, in saying that all the fine writing indulged in was simply thrown away. The Friend of Humanity, whose .principles are supposed to have saturated the walls of the' Trades’ Hall, has for years played the “poor working man,” like a comic opera, for all he was worth, but, finding the necessity for a change, he appears to have made arrangements for similar performances in some of the country districts. In plain terms, some of our friends have under taken to revive the farce that Melbourne workmen have discarded. Take the following profound observa tion as a sample of what we may ex pect for the future—“ Men whose minds are unreceptive and whose habits of thought are studiously reflec tive are very slow to follow changes.” What does this mean 1 You give it up. So do we. Listen further to the oracle. “ Such men in political life are Con servatives.” Great Caesar, has it come to this ? Why, we thought a Conservative was as terrible as a regular Bogie Man—something, with a pair of horns, a long tail, and holding a three-pronged fork or trident in his hand, with which he tries to drive the poor working man to per dition. Conservatism is clearly on the upgrade to respectability. But let us have another slice of these prophetic givings out—" The law of gravitation is unknown to people of unreceptive minds, i.e., Conservatives, who labor under tbe hallucination that water can not be made to run up hill.” This is a discovery indeed. Henceforth let Newton, Copernicus, Galileo, and aimilar stargazers hide their much diminished heads. The understudy of the Age having got thus far takes breath, and well he might, and breaks out in a fresh place. It is stated, however incredible it may seem, that the Conservatives have got a little fetish which they worship and call "the law of supply and demand.” Well, if this could he proved with anything like the glibness with which this strange accusation is made, the offenders should be arrested and treated as they deserve, if not lynched in the meantime. Let us take another sip from this pot of politico-comical treacle. The Conservatives cry out about the factory laws—" This is the cry of luxury and indolence,” says Sir Oracle. After this exhaustive and exhausting dissertation the sage takes another pull at the gin and boiled water—we are nothing if not dis tinctly scientific—and with what in dramatic circles is known as "Alarms and Excursions” rushes in medias res into matters relating rather remotely to evolution, religion and the working man, but where the bewildered scribe, then wandered to, and was picked up, we have not the least suspicion. Now, we have no hesitation in de nouncing this sort of cant—this old fashioned and transparent nonsense as an insult to the intelligence of every edneated person in the community. The very terms employed in the sup posed argument are misleading. To assert that there is a class in the com munity deliberately and of malice aforethought opposed'to the interests, the welfare and social elevation of the working classes is nothing more than a mean and infamous- slander, designed to catch the ignorant and unwary. It is the old story—Codlin is your friend, not Short. Codlin is the man who fights for the people, who gives them the free breakfast, sausages 10 lbs for Is, bread almost for the asking, and clothing and all other essentials on the same terms. Short (tho Conservative), on the other hand, ia supposed to be a public enemy. He grinds the faces of the poor. He treats them as though they were Greek helots or African niggers. He rolls by in his carriage, lolling on silken cushions, and never soils his fingers. Well, if the working class do not penetrate all this Liberal balderdash by this time, we can only aay they must be born Dutchmen. The weather yesterday was again very sultry and oppressive, although during the afternoon the barometer indicated a possible change by dropping from 28‘6 to 25’58. The maximum shade temperature was 101 and that in the sun 137 degrses. The deuse smoke from bnsh fires whioh has settled over the oity during the last few days, yesterday increased in density, and at no time during the day was it possible to see Mounts Warrenheip nr Buninyong or the ranges nearer at hand from any point of tha City or Town. In tbe direc tion of Tendon, particularly, large volumes of smoke rose above the horizon, bat ths fire was evidently some distance away. Mr Baracchi, the Government Astronomer, is still very gloomy in his predictions as to the future weather. There is not the slightest in dication whatever nf any change ooming, he says. Tbe denes smoke, while, lessening the extreme heat, prevents any view being ob tained of the eky so as to ascertain whethor olonds are about or not. Asked if, in bis opinion, there would he any change within tbe next day or two, tho Government Astronomer yesterday said certainly not, unless there was a hot wind. If people wake np this morning and find' a strong north wind blowing, they may congratulate themselves that a change was at hand. If not, they may calculate on a con tinuance of the present extremely unpleasant state of affairs. Personally, be was of opinion that a thunderstorm might oconr after to-day north of tbs ranges, but it would not affect the temperaturo south of that. For tbo third time iu succession Australia has decisively beaten the picked players of England at crioket. The stage at which the game commenced yesterday was decidedly in teresting, for when the small score*, almost invariably made in ths fourth innings nf an international match were taken into conside ration, it was held to bo qnite possible tha' Australia might fail tn win. Mason and Storer were together, and Hearns and Richard son were.the reinforcements, bat noitbar was given a dimes to pat on runs, the deadly Australian bowling sending tbe lot to the pavilion for another 9, or a total of 263. Australia lost Darling and Hill (the latter failing tn .score) before tbe re quired number of runs—lls—were nbtainnd, bat from ths moment the Australians took tho bat in hand tbe issue was never in doubt. M’Lsod ably atoned for his miserable score II) on the first day by compiling a brilliant 65 (not out), and Gregory waa still going strongly with 21 to his credit at the winning hit. This match has conclusively proved that there may be occasions when winning the toss has nothing to do with the result. Tb» wiaket, if the Au-tralian batting may bs taken as a criterion, was far and away more favorable to heavy scoring during the last innings than it was during the first, notwith standing that under the same conditions as Trott’s team batted yesterday, three English men were disposed of for 9 runs. The victory i* generally voted to bo due to the superiority of tho Australian bowling and ite infinite variety, and considering tha batting averages of th" Australians against the Englishmen as com pared with their intercolonid averages, to gether with tha inenparable difficulties wliioh have incessantly beset Stodd art’s men during the last three t*st matches, there appears to ba good ground for tbe contention. The viotory of the Australians yesterday appears to have prinked the cricket bubble so far as the vi-it. of Stoddart’s second team ia concerned. Mutual congratulations having been indulged iu by enthusiasts as to Aus tralia having won the rubber, the event was fur the time being forgotten, anil the inter minable, exasperating crioket chatter which previously assailed the ear at every tarn was very agreeably quietened. Those who h-ve been pleased to argae that test matches are gain money affairs should have by now received a convincing answer; for it ia safe to *ay that the final game of tha sarins, to be played in .Sydney at tha end of this month,’ will, in oom parismi with the last three, ho patronised very poorly, and that ths reaeipts ef ths toar will bn decreased by several hundreds of pounds. More interest will, however, bn taken in the matchos between Stoddart’s Eleven and the individual colonies. The bishop nf Ballard (Dr Thornton) is ex pected to arrive in Ballarat to-day from England. With rogard tn hie reasons for re turning to hie diooese, he wrote to the Times of 26th November as follows: “ You men tioned recontly in ynnr o'>lamns the offer made me by the Archbishop of Omterbnry of the vicarage of S% Matthew’s, Brixton, and yon may be witling to inform your readers of the result. I cannot see my way to re linquish my work in Australis, as I am thankful to say my wife’s health, though not strong, has improved since I first entertained the idea of staying in England. What finally decided me to decline the important charge offered me and return was the terrible news in yeaterday’s paper of a cyclone having dsv'Stated tho north-wear of my see, destroying churches and inflicting fearful injn y of all kinds. Might I appeal earnestly to your readers for aid to my impoverished diooese in this emer gency? I know the re-erection of the Rim ole clmrohea we have lately been bnilding all over this poor but populous district (the Wimmera) will constitute an unbearable strain npon my church folk, fire insurances not covering this disaster* I am hastening back shortly to my diocese, but should rsjoioe to encourage it by being enabled to cable to my Suffragan tb« promise of assistance from sympathisers at home.’ A favorable report was received by the Bal- larat Presbytery yesterday concerning Sunday schools under the control of the Presbytery. The Rev. J. Linklater read tbe report, whioli elated that the Sunday schools continued much the same ns before. Two echoola bad b»en closed daring tbs year, namely, those at Streatbam and Stnokyard Hill, while that at Soarsdale remained dosed. There were in all 3344 pupils and 325 teachers connected with the Bchools, tbe scholars showing a decline of 31 for tha year. Ebenezer showed a shortage of 13, and Beaufort of 5, these being the principal declines. Tbe funds collected for foreign, missions totalled £142 18s Id, aa compared with £l6B for tha previous year. Tha nnmber who had joined the ohnrch from the Sunday schools wts 20, as compared with 26 for 1895. The number attending Bible classes was 356; fellowship classes, 172; and Christian Endeavor S'Oieties, 137, these, numbers showing a alight decrease upon those for the provious year, which were the be3t yet reported. On the whole, though the report was not so gratifying as that for 1896, there were several re 'sons for 'his, and.the record was regarded as f >irly satisfactory. The Rev. T. R. Cairns moved the adoption ef the report, »nd a vo'e of thanks to the convener. The Rev. E. Gray seconded the motion, remarking that in his ODinion the exodus to VVestrxlia and elsewhere would account for the small falling off. The whole of yesterday’s sitting was occul pied by the Federal Convention iu discussing the question of the federal control of the Murray and D*r!ing Rivers. The subject was debated at length, chiefly by the Hew Sonth Woles and South Australian delegate', who reiterated all the arguments previously ad vanced on the subject. The di'oussion be came vary wearisome, and half a dozen amendments were proposed, one • by_ Mr Isaacs Gnding most favor with the majority of the delegates, thoutrh the New Sou’h Wales representatives said they nould not acaept it. Ultimately ths enb clanse, providing for the federal control of the Murray waters, was put as a test and rejected on the voioes. Then by general agreement it was decided to doal with the other amendments the following day, and the Convention adjourned. Asa result of the inspection and oral exami nation of Chinese recipients of out-door relief from the Benevolent Asylum at the institution yesterday afternoon, 50 out of a total of 105 on the books for the City and Town, were re fused further assistance. This will mean a saving of about £5 per week to the institution. It was found that some of the Chinese had beonme possessed of relief tickets through recipients dying and bequeathing them both their nnmes and the tickets, and that others hid obtained them through the holders removing to other pirts, and also leaving their names and tiokets behind them. Others were considered able to work, and were accordingly told to shift for themselves. All the old relief tioketa were collected, and in order to prevent any fnrth»r fraud, new ones of an improved kind were i-sued in their stead. Enquiries are also to be made in regard to the bona fide* of the Chinese in the country dis tricts who receive relief, and it is probable that the aost to tbe institution will be furher reduced. Even after the weeding not. yester day the asylum wilt return about £509 to ths Chinamen for £5O annually received in dona tions. A young man named William Jones was charged at tbe Town Police Court yesterd iy with tbo larceny of a watch and also with having resisted Constable Jones in the exeou tion of his duty. It appeared from the evi dence that Jones was drinking io the Junction hotel, Warrenheip. on the previons night, when lie stole a silver watch, valued at £3, from Thomas M’Cormsok. Constable Jones was sent' for, and nn his proceeding to arrest Jones the latter resisted most violently, and tbe constable had to throw him down iu order to handonff him. Yesterday Jones pleaded hard for leniency, stating that he was drank at the time, and did not know what he was doing. He also promised to clear out of Bal. larat if he were discharged. Mr King, J.P who, with Messrs Josephs and.liinie, J’s.P., occupied the bench—r-marked that if lie h«d been allowed to clear nut ho would have done so with the watch. His conduct was most outrageous, and he would be sentenced to two months’ imprisonment on each charge, the sentences to be cumulative. The programme drawn up for the entertain ment of the Federal Convention delegates in Ballarat, as finally revised by the aommittee who have charge of tha festivities in the colony, is as follows; —Friday, 11th inst. — Special train will leave Spencer street station at 5.15 p.m.; arrive 7.30 p.m. Visitors will be oonveyed to re“Oootive hotels, according to oolor of cards. Officers of ths councils have been appointed to be in olnsn attendance of the party, aa follow*: —-Mr J. 2. Williams, at Craig’s hotel; Mr C. D. Cadden, at Le*t*r’s hotel; Mr J. Coinrie, at the Palaoe hotel; Mr J. Gent, at Buck's Head hotal; Mr H. Lin naker, at North Grant hotel. Visitors aro requested lo retain hotel cards throughout the vi-it. Conveyances will be in oonatant atten dance for each hotel party. At 8 p.m. banquet at Alfred H ill. Saturday, 12th inst. —Con- veyances will start from Town H ill at 10 *.m., prior to tvbiah an address from the A.N.A. will be presented to the President of the Con vention. Vi'it to p »rk and gardens, leaving gardens at 11.30 for a drive about City and Town. Lunch at Alfred Hall at 2 p.m. At 3 30 leave for the trip norosa the lake; land at gardens at 4.30; inspeot eardens nntil 5 30; then afternoon tea. Leave eardsnaat 630 for hotels. Dinner at hotels at 7 p.m. Drive ahont City and Town; then to, Town Hall for adien at 8.30 p.m.; special train leaving Bal arnt West station at 8.45 p.m. The upstanding thoroughbred horae which Mr F. J. Msrteli, direotor of the Bdlarat School of Mines, rides to and fro between the institution and bis residenoe, yesterday slipped his mnorings in the school yard, and galloping home at a racing pao», created a perfect son sition in the principal thoroughfares. Near the Stock Exchange a ovdist narrowly eaciped being run down, and a little further on a num ber of pedestrian < were forced to temporarily seek refngo in a hotel. Ellon M-irton, 32 yasrs of age, appeared at the Town Police Court yesterday to answer a charge of b»ing tha oconpier of a disorderly house in Wills street, an-1 Susm Smith (37) and James Bull (28) to answer charges of b-ing idle and disorderly persons. The par ticulars of the arrests, which were effjated by Plain clothes Constable Montagus and Con stable O’Brien id consequence of numerous complaints concerning the conduct nf the defendants, appeared in yesterday’s Star. At the reqnost of tha defendants, they ware re minded for a week, bail being fixed at a snrsty of £lO and bar own recognisance of the same amount for Smith, and a surety nf £2O and their own recognisance- in the same sum for etch of the other defendants. A young’man named Pater Dorter, redding in D-ivsron street, wn treated at the hospital yesterday for lacerations of Ilia toes, caused by a plank falling nn him at the Star of the Eist mine. James Carroll, a lad 15 years of nge, living at Nivigitor«, wa« admitted as a surgi cal in-patient, in oonsequence of having sus tained an injury to Ilia oack and shook to the system throngh a fall from a cart. Gsorge Ogilvie, a young man living in Albert etceet. was treated for injuries to his fao < and eye, the result of a fall from a vehicle through the bolt ing of a horse. The mayor of the City (CrJShoppee) has re ceived from C. H. Peterson the Bum of £1 Is lowards the expanses of entertaioing tbe dele gates to the Federal Convention on their visit B dlarat. Tbe very satisfactory position of the Bal larat Trustees Execut irs and Agenoy Com pany, Limited, was again attested at the twentieth half-yearly meeting of shareholders h-ld at Craig’s hotel yesterday. Mr J. Noble Wilson, ths managing director, said that tile income for the past half year was less than that for the previous half year by about £l5O, hut that could be accounted for by the re duction of the interest on Government debentures from 4 to 3 per cent. While there wsg a falling off in the actual earnings, the roal business nf the company had been l'rger. The affairs nf 22 estates had been administered during the half year and those of 21 in ths previous half year, making a total of 43 eatatns for the year. For the previous vear 32 est ites had been dealt wi'h, so that the aotnal business had been larger but the value of the estates had been con siderably less, thus decreasing ths profits to eomsex'ont. The 22 estates of the list half year totalled £28.400 and ths 21 of the pre vious half year £22,400, nr £50,800 for the year for the 43 estates. In the previons year the value of ’lie 32 "states amounted no I-as than £93.500. “It was evident,” said Mr Wilson, “th»t the pnblm were be ginning to think much more highly of the company than it had done some years ago.” The nnmber of wills recorded for the past half-year was 36, and 68 for ths year. The value of the various trust properties in the •hands of tha oompanv waa estimated at noarly £300,000; so that there was a general pro gress, si' hough the balance-sheet may not, for one bdf yanr, show so well as for another. Tha progress of the company was asj good as the directors oould wish to soo it. Mr Robt. Don aontinnes to improve as well as can be expeoted from the .nature of his in juries and ths trying weather. He is now onnsidersd to be out of all danger. Tbe annual exhibition nf the Ballarat Amiteur Photegraphio Sooiety will be opened at the School of Mines to-day. A fair number nf exhibits will he shown, but the excessively hot weather has interfered con siderably with the mounting and preparation nf exhibits, and the number will bo deoreased accordingly. In eoma oases it wae even found n -cossary to tiße Ice. The silver medal offered by the Australian Photographic Naxos, of Sydney, for the best photograph taken in onn nootion with theexonrsinn nf photographers to Woodend on the 9th of November last, has been wouby Mr R. Radoliff, of Ballarat. Two inebriates were each fined Is, in de ficit one hour’s imprisonment at the City Court yesterday, and two petty debt esses wore disposed of. Messrs Johns, P.M., Morri son, Shoppse, Biakett, M’Donald and Murray, J’b.P., presided. A young man named Clifford Miller ap peared at'the City Cornt yesterday oharged with having imposed npon Mr Arthur Fimmell, of the firm of Harper and Cos., by means of a valueless cheque for £l 0a lid. No evidence wae tendered, the polios request ing a remand in order to allow of .certain documents to be used in the hearing of the oase arriving from Sydney. The accused readily consented to this course, remarking thiit by Monday next ha would be able to pro cure such evidence as would satisfy the benoh that his actions were above suspicion and perfectly honorabl". A remand was accord ingly ordered until Monday next, bail being granted in two Buratiea of -£'2s each and hie own recognisance for £5O. Two Ballarat horses were successful at yes terday’s m“6ting of the Geelong R icing Club —Mr Scobie’a Ohit Chat won the principal event, tbn Cup; and Mr J. G. Affihck’a Bostedo the Hurdle Race. The Ballarat Water Commission mat in committee on Tuesday night to discuss matters connected with the reception _ and en tertainment of the Federal Convention dele gatee. Although person illy it wis determined to do everything possible to make the visit a success, it was considered inadvisable, espe cially as the reserves, bhroagh the terribly hot weather, are not looking at their best, and the Gung Gong is aboat to be cleaned out, that tb- Commission should take action as a body. It is stated that some members of the Commis sion feel aggrieved that they were not con sulted, in the firßt instanc", relative to the supply of water to the Easter encampment, but it. is understood that arrangements have now been mule in this conneo.ion to the satis faction of all concerned. At the meeting of the finance committee of the City Council ysterd >y aft»rnnnn it wbb deoidod not to entertain the request by Mr W. Bradford for a grant of £25 towards the pur chase of cinematographe films to illustrate leoture3 relative to the resources of the City. In response to the application for the re mission of fines on the contract for removing' the New Kohinoor mu'look he»p, it was decided to reduce the amount to £32. Ooe of the effects of the extremely hot weather ia that the beautiful box hedging in the Benevolent Asylum'grounds, whioh has been generally admired, and baß taken years tn bring to perfection, has in places bean totally destroyed, many yards of it having been completely dried np. At a masting of the Liadertafa! last night about 40 members ■ pledged themselves to comply with the-mayor’s request that they would seron »de the Federal delegatee on Fri day night, 11th inat. It is intended to attend at Lester’s immediately after the return of t he delegates from the banqu-t, and sieg two part songs, after which the vocalists will proceed to Craig’s hotel, and entertain the delegates there with two other selections. These were rehearsed last night, and a call will ba made for another rehearsal on Wednesday evening next. The charge against the old man Devlin, of alleged shooting at George Sims, who lust his leg by a shot fired at a wedding party at Egerfcon, was to have been proceeded with at the Gordon Police Conrt yesterday, bnt was farther postponed on account of the severe illness of the accused, who is 80 years of ago and in a dangeronß condition. Mr Frederick M’Kenzie, who several months ago sustained a fracture of the spine through being jammed between the top of a drive and a cage while ascending a shaft, died at the Hospital yesterday aflrornoon. The City and Town councillors will leave for Geelong by the ton minutes to G o’clock train this morning to play the annual cricket match with the alderman and councillors of Geelong. They will be met at the Geelong Railway Station and driven to the Victoria hotel, where breakfast will be partaken of. Subs"quently the party will drive to Torqmy, a distance of abouL 12 miles, whare a cricket match will bs played, and on returning the visitors will ba farther entertained.- The Bsl larat connoillors have not thought necessary to practice for the match, bat Cr Elliott Rays that be feels equal to beating Clem Hill’s 18S. The Mayor of Ballarat Ea3t (Cr Ready) in vitee subscriptions towards the relief »f the sufferors by the disastrous buih fires in Gipps laud. Th" construction of the Burra Barra Creek, Ballarat South, under the new loan, was one of the works for whioh tenders were lee by the finance o unmittea of the City Conncil yester day. The lowest offer was £452, by J. Pryor, of Ballarat East, bat as til-re was only £4OO available for the work it was decided to allow the tenderer to supply labor and mtterial to that amount. A oontract for channelling in the north ward at £l5 was let to Baglin, sen. There are now about a dozen typhoid fever patients at the Hospital, two of whom were admitted yesterday. The Sparrow Club met last night at the Ballarat Fire Brigade station, Barkly street; Mr \V. Trahar pra-ided. A letter was re ceived from the Melbourne Sparrow Club, fixing the 16'h nf April next as the date of the annual match iu Melbourne. A letter was also reoeivsd from the Flemington Inanimate Bird Gan Club, in reforeuce to a match to be h"ld on the 6 h Marob. It was decided to -hoot for the club trophy next Saturday, and if not w m on that day to be continued to the following Satnrdey. Oue new member was •daotod. The balauae sheet for the late pigeon match was left in the hands of the president and secretary to be audited. Accounts tn the amount of £5 12s 6d ware passed for pay ment. A young man named Roderick O’Grady, 23 y'ara of age, was arrested in a right-of-way off Main ro»d, Ballarat East, by Constable Tolmie, last night, on a charge of baying behaved iu an iudocent manner. The large amount nf work entailed in making out the income tax sohedules for the numerous "States ia the bands of the Ballarat Trustees Exeoatora and Agency Compauy was mentioned at the half-yearly meeting of company b»ld yesterday at Craig’s hotel. Mr J. Noble Wilson explained that the amoDnt of work thas incurred was exceedingly great and kept the staff working at high pressure for a considerable time. Mr Saunders, the curator of 'Btraet trees, who has charge of the fl over plots in Sboppse Square, has succeeded iu raising several beau tiful specimens of the Cltanthus Dimpieri, or Sturt’s great pea of the desert, whioh are very rire and difficult to grow. There is one of the plants in eaoh of the well kept flower beds, and they have been inspected during the last few days by large numbers of hortiouitarists and lovers of flowers. It has been suggested that, by way of recog nising the City mayor’s energetic efforts on behalf nf Ballarat, a suitable testimonial should bs presented to him by the citizens. The matter was discussed at an informal meeting of leading ci'izene yesterday, uud it is probab’e that action will be taken at an early date. Numerous enquiries were made last night at the City Fire Brigade station concerning the whereabouts of two prominent memb <rs nf the brigade, who ere also enthusiastic cyclists. It is known that they left liallerat on a tandem on Sunday morning for Talbot, but whether they have reeohed their destination or not, or when they may be expected to rotnrn, is not known. No anxiety, however, is felt for the safety of the cyolists, as it is generally con ended that they knotv how to take care of themselves. Io the case of Sergeant Biggs v J. H. Mitchell, hoard at the police Conrt on Taee day, in whiali the clureo was dismissed, Mr H. S. Barrett, who appeared for the defence, was instructed by Messrs Cuthhert, Morrow, and Must. The B illarat Fire Brigade has received communications from the City and Town Conncils requesting the members of the brigade tn parade and form a portion of the guard of honor on the occseinn of the visit of the Federal Convention delegates to Ballarat on the 11th and 12th inst. The m itter will be considered at the meeting of the brigade next Monday night. 