MR. MARSHALL'S i DOPPELGANGER, i aQUfisn swxx.i n H. G. WELLS. oopibioht. CHAPTER I. aiUP fimt. t, Rohah- i f i yfl v ilitntion of Ab- v 1 1 1 'I , ,t normal Phonom- i 1 '-fid 4 0,,"> have boon 1 tliSil /Vn1® called upon to I „ investigate, that I of Mr. Marshall's P uppurition to tho I Rov. Philip I Bp fa Burwash, of Sussox- 'M Sfht? ville, and to tho Rov. Philip AVondovor, Iu'b ourate, is cortainly by no means tho least I ourious. It was communicated to tho sooioty I by tho Rov. George Burwash himsolf, with a muss of uuthoiiticuting ovidonoo quite in excess of the ordinary ouzo of thisdesorip- ' tion. _ Tho Rov. Georgo Burwash is ono of that little uriny of lioncst and worthy amatour investigators seuttorcd throiigbont tlio country, nlergymon, retired officers, professors keeping holiday, and ladies of ovory descrip tion, who, in spito of a cortuin inoxperionco ' in tlio handling of human ovidotlco, uro doing Bitch excellent work in reviving the erst decadent belief in spiritual entities. Ho was already favourably known to tlio sooioty by ' his experiments in thought transference. Tito apparition oeeurred on Ohristmas Evo, t 1895, and his communication was roud before ' the sooioty in tlio subsequent January. My . inquiries in Sussoxvillo wero proaecutod during tlio April and May followiug. A doppolguitgor, I need scarcely remind | tho rcttdor, is tho nco-Eiiglish for a doublo ; . you aro here and yet you nppoar suddonly to u friend or ucquuintanoo elsowlioro. In other words, a doppolgungor is a phantasm of a ' living porson. Such phantasms aro boliovcd by muny quite reputable pcoplo nowadays to | bo of frequent oocurrenao, and, as iu tho ease t I had to oxamino, uro ofton ouriously i purposeless. Horo wo hud Mr. Marshall < appearingsuddoulyiind with a disturbed coun tenance before Mr. Burwash uud his curate, | littering horriblo imprecations, threatening ' tliem, and tlion suddonly disappearing. Ho i cursed and threatened without rhyme or i reason ; his procedure was totally without I symbolic vuluo. But so vivid nnd bo sonorous j was tho phuntasm thut at tho timo it did not I enter tho hond of Mr. Barwash to regard him | lis anything but a real porson, albeit tho I figure moved with a curious gliding motion, I markedly different from walking. Until it j vanished, indeed, tho thought of ghosts did | not occur to him. The munncr of disap- i peuranco and tho subsequent silonoo, as tlio reverend gentleman described them, wore, I however, quito sufficiently ghost-liko for any ' reasonable person. My first proceeding in eluoidating this I interesting ease wus, of courso, to visit the t sceno of the appearance, uud, courteously but . exhaustively, to oross- exantine Mr. Burwash i and Mr. AVendover on tho purtioulura of tho ' incident. Mr. Burwash ocoupies a house on the liill- 1 side ubovo tho eliurch, and in eouseqnoneo of tho growth of his fumily ho litis, for tho sako > of quiet, built himsolf u smnll but convoniont | study of pino up tlio liill. A path crosses \- over the crest of tlio hill, and descends steoply from a littlo gnto near tlio study botween tho vicarage hedgo und the elmrchyard wall to tho lych gate in tho main road below. On Christmas Evo Mr. Burwash lind been writing Into at his Christmas sermon, having I been dolnyod during tho day by u parcel of i spookical literature, and it was after midnight thut ho finished. His curutc, with whom ho lis, for a vicar, on exceptionally friondly terms, ctimo into the study and sat smoking, wliilo the vicar alternately talked to liim und i punctuated liis diseouiso for tho morrow. It (adds to tho interest of tlio enso Quit this 1 curate, Mr. AVendover, was a declared scoptie. . AVhen the punctuation wns complotod tlio , vieur got up, atrotohed, and opened his study i door to look out at tho weather. Ho saw by 1 tho glare from the door that a few fliikos of . enow wore fulling, and ho was preparing to ; turn and remark upon this to tho ouruto, when i suddenly, and abruptly, Mr. Marshall appeared outside "tlio gate, and stood for a moment, swaying oxuotly liko a drunken man, and iippurontly struggling with violont ; internal emotioiiB. Then finding his voice, lie poured forth with dramatic unoxpootodness a volley of otirscs, so gross und porsonal that I hud tho greatest difficulty in poraunding Mr. Burwash, in the interests of soionco, to renoat them. The curate became aware of Mr. Marshall's presonco for tho first timo when ho hnd heard this outbreak. Ho sprang to his foot, and Btiw Marshall distinctly over his superior's 4 -shoulder. Tlion us abruptly, tlio man staggered and vunishod into tlio night. As ho did so, a gust of wind whirled tho snowflakos about, and tho study door behind Mr. 'Burwush slnmmod violently. Mr. Burwusli I was shut out uud tho ourate iu. ' In liis communication to tho souioty Mr. Burwash laid great stress upon this foot of tlm slamming door, bocausa ho inclines to the belief that it shows a qiiusi- matorial nature iu Eliantnsms, for, us ho vory poriinoutly asks, ow othorwiso could tbo disuppcurauoo of u ghost cuuso a gust of wind)' That, however, is u side issuo. As soon as tlioy had recovered from thoir snrpriso, Mr. Burwush wont to the gate, expecting to find Murshall lying there — , but up the hill and down, tho pathway was deserted. That, substantially, wiib tho story of tho vision of Mr. Burwush, und by itself it would, of courso, havo hud littlo or no intorcst. As I immediately pointed out, Murshall himself may havo pnssod thut wuy in an intoxicated condition, and his sudden . and gliding disappearance may havo boon duo to his feet slipping on the frozen snow that vonoored the pathway. The olosing door, too, by outting off the light, may lmro uidod thut oft'eot. And. tho path, is so stcop thut ono can reasonably imagine a man who had lost his footing going down the entire slope of the hill in a second or so ; iu tho timo, that is, that it took Mr Burwash to reopen his door.' That, indeed, was tho vlow Mr. Burwash himself at first took of tlio matter, und it is, I supposo, the .explanation., that . would recommend itself to any sano porson. Mr. AVendover, of courso, agreed with him. But having u soureoly oxplicublo doubt about tlio business lurking in his mind, tho vi'our took tho very first opportunity of taxing Marshall, who is usually a sober and steady man, with tho ulmost unpiirdouablo insults he bad uttored overnight, In any ease, uud without tho faintest suspicion that anything psyohio had hunpenod, tho vionr would havo ' done so, though not perhaps so promptly. '. This opportunity of reproof ho rondo in tho afternoon of Christmus Duy. Ho found Mr. and Mrs. Marshall drinking strong tea together, and it uurricd out tho commonscnso theory of tlio affair that MtirshiiU should liavo a hcadnoho still, und havo been quito unable to partioipnto with uny onjoymont in their 'aimjdo but of courso oxtroinoly bilious Christmas meal. And ho freely und eon- tritoiy admitted ho had boon drunk overnight. But when Mr. Burwush proceeded with Homo heat to eliurgo him with tlio filthy blasphemies 0f tlio previous evening Mrs. Marshall fired up indignantly. And then it was that the oxtruordiuury sido of this Inoidont came to light. There was the clearest ovidouco — ovidonoo strong enough to .bang a man, indcod, if need had been— that Marshall had novel' boon neur the vicar's study nt all on Christmas Evo ; that tho thing was an absoluto impossibility ; that, in faot, ubout huff-past olovon, lialf-an-hour . 'before tlio apparition that Is, ho had boon t pinked up helplessly drunk by some ohnrltnblo neighbours ubout u oouplo of hundred yards' from tbo Seven Thorns, carriod tho whole mile and a half to his own home, carried into Mb own kitohon, and dumped down there at the very momont when his almost inobriated doppelgnngor was .insulting tho vioar three- quarters of n milo a way. I tested ovory link in tho chnin ofovidenco, as I thought, uud not a link failed. Mrs. Marshall told mo how she had gone to bed, boing tired, and how when tho good man failed to appear after hulf-past toil sho had grown anxious, and at lust, hearing voices outsido, had shivered out of bed nnd gone to the window. A Mr. Ted Apps, two brothers liumed Durgnn, ono a blacksmith and tlio other a watchmaker, uud tho othor a Mr. Hothoringtan, a baker, wero walking in a leisurely and voluminous lmiiniar along tlio road, singing as thoy walked. Sho knew Mr. Apps, and opnned tlio window and called to him. She asked him whether ho laid seen Marshall. At that tho littlo party Btopped and interrogated one nuothor. Thoy all distinotly remembered Marshall boing at tlio Sovou Thorns, and until sho called their nttoutioa to tlio mutter lind lind a vuguo impression that lie wus still, convivially, with them. Her wifely anxiety boing only too ovidont, und they full of that fooling of mutual holpfulnoss that still, thank Heaven, distinguishes our homely country Ohristmastido, it wus natural thoy should offer to return fur him. "Aw ri, Miz Marshall," thoy cried ono nftor tho othor, in a reassuring voioe, and turned, and making tho niglit oheorful with Marshall's numo, returned round tlio long winding read towards the Seven Thorns. All wero seasonably inobriated, and no doubt thoy woro now scattered distantly and now in nn amiablo lniot togotlicr us thoy reeled along culling lifter Mnrshull; but all distinotly romomber what was liapponing ut tlio timo. I have elaborately verified ilia story from all four of them. Everything wns as explicit us evidence could he. "'Twuru't uurtluiu' ynrds orf Soil Thorns." said tho blacksmith Durgnn, " that us found cu. Tlioro 'o wus with liis 'cd ugonst til' old fenoo and his blcssad owd whito logs " — it wns Mr. Marshall's weakness iuvuriably to wear, it pooulinrly light variety of corduroy trousors — " a stiokin' art, — jes' 'olpless 'o was.1 'Ad t' carry on ovory blcssod yard, us did, 'o wuz bad, I toll 'cd." Tlio otliors corroborated exactly. Mar shall's spocoh thoy agreed was incoherent — shapolcsB in foot. Hud ho hcou ablo to sur mount ono impossibility and gut up to tho vicar's study, it would havo beoa equally impossible for him to have urtioulal cd a curso. Of that they wero all convinced. And I imagine thut the process of carrying liim lioino along tho dark road must liuvo been a protty severe test of insensibility. " Didn't you drop liiui P" I asked of tho older Durgun. " Oh, wo dropped 'c," Bnid ' Durgan reassuringly. " Avo dropped en right nough. And lord ! what a job wo did 'live, u picking of on up, to bo sure- — " Aud lio proceeded to givo mo a dotuilcd narrative, as ho remomborod it, of tlio outiro journey. Consequent upon Mr. Marshall's incapacity to walk, Mrs Marshall had to como down und open the door iu ordor thut thoy might carry lum in. But boing in ndcsliabillo thut'slio con sidered unbecoming, Bbo stipulated that thoy should not enter until sho hud hud timo to retire upstairs iiguin. As thoy enmo in, slio held a candle over the banisters and directed them whore to deposit thoir burdon. Mr. Apps, boing in u festive mood, tlion de manded drinks round, but the others boing soberer, overruled liiin, und after thoy hud retired she descended, and looked tho front door. Afterwards it would seem that Mr. Apps returned, hummcrod at tlio door und demanded drinks again. Twice or threo times sho said site was alarmed iu this way, Hiid tlion Mr. Apps apparently abandoned liis quest. Sho laid great stress on the aggrcssivo be haviour of Ml'. Apps, on account of tlio trouble about tho missing sausages and mince pie to whioh I shall presently allude. As Marshull rarely drank, and as Mrs. Marshall was a person of refined tastes with a Womanly horror of au intoxicated man, sho did not go down to liim in tho kitchen until tho early morning, and then she found him, still in it driuk-soddou sloop, upon the hearthrug, with a pool of incited snow about hint. And there, what one limy call tlio ansa of tho alibi, ends. Strong thut caso indis putably is, the reader must admit. Now horo wo havo au extrnordinnry con tradiction between two perfectly credible stories. On tlio one Imnu two clergymen, aud ono a sceptic nnd even u scoffnr ut psychio experts, witness Hint; Mnrshull was in ono place, and on the othor, four indis putably honest villagers and tho man's own wifo testify us oinpliiitloully that he wns in quite auother place. I sighed and weighed every sorap of evidence, unil could see no way to reconcile tlio two oxcopt by tnkiug tho view Mr. Burwush took, nnd ndinilting a beliof in doppolgangers. To that effect I finally reported to tlio society. Altogether I gave tho business u olcnr sovon days. Only ono ultorniilivo to tlint acquiescence soemeu possible to mo, and that was that tlio vicar and liis ouruto, ill smite of tlio ulmost vehement nssiirnnoa of Sir. Burwush, had not seen Marshall at all. I spout threo days seeking a colouroblo substitute for Marslmli, a person who seen ensually might liuvo been mistaken for him, and not ono could I find. Ho bail n noticeably long nose, a fresh com plexion, and a largo mouth. Even in his dross lie was distinctive. In view of the foot thut tho light of tho vicar's study fell fully on the liico of tho uppurition, the mistaken identity notion fulled hopelessly ur an ex planation. It was doppolgangcr or nothing. Doppolgungor, to my miutl, scorned tlio more crediblo cliniux. In tho wiiolo courso of my career as a psyohio inquirer, I lind cortuiiiiy never como upou any occult phenomenon so absolutely n tried und proven thing. I ask tho rcador to slop ut this stago to recupituluto the euso lis I liavo stated it, and to coiiBidorwhotlior tlio proof docs not soem to be practically eoinplotn. No ono ut ull fumiliur with modem psychical research will find any discredit iu tlio ubsolute carelessness and purposclessiicss of tho appearance. I need scarcely suy what it hearty woloomo tho sooioty, whioh wus nuturully glud to find its oxistouco justified, accorded to my por- Boiuil conclusions, l'ooplo who havo com mitted thamsolvcs to psychioul resoarali, who liuvo boon aallcd fools uud kiutvcs for thoir curiosity, auunot bo oxpootod to judge too sceptically suoli a woll uutliontioatod euso us mine. Tho ouso was, if I may uso u vulgar but vivid oxprcsslon, flapped vigorously iu tho faces of our detractors all over tlio world, and my own appourunoo at tho May mooting of tho society was, iu its wuy, an ovation. And ovory inducement wus hold out to Mr. Marshall to " doppolgiing" again. CHAPTER II. Mention has already boon inatlo of the Rev. Philip AVendover in connection with this story. Mr. AVondovor belonged to that largo, uud, I fear I must write prejudiced, class, who will not liuvo psychio plioiiomona at any prico. Ho was u fair, aliilotio young man ; und lio hud formerly been nn assistant muster at Dinahostcr. To that I must asoribo ' his oxtruordiuury fuoility with slang, whioh occasionally oven uffcotcd his pulpit dolivor- imoes. FroiA first to lust, while I was nh- ravolling this story, ho had nothing hut derision for mo, in Bpito of his being my most important witness. Indocd.I quite siokened of his pet pliruso of " Tommy rot." "AVhut Tommy rot it nil is!" ho, would say in his riotous umiuble way. " A grown man, presumably sano and educated, spend ing days and days hunting the ghost of a dead, suporstiliou for a lotof piffling old fools in London. AVliy tho deuce don't you dig, lhanP— dosomothing useful f You're strong enough." "Well," I would say, "hero are my facts " "Oh! faots bo jiggered !" he 'would say. "Faots thutprovodoppelgaiigiiig ure faots I havo 110 respect for," " But I liuvo," I would suy. "AVlmt beastly rot! You'vo got a flaw somewhere. You know you havo. If fiiots prove arrant nonsense, it shows that there's something wrong." Tlion I would bogiu to state my ease. "Show mo tho fluw," I would say. And dirootly I begun to marshal my evidonco ha would lose his brief temper uud begin to shout mo down. Did I think he had tho timo to go over ovcry leukv ttupot ghost story iu tho country before lie had a right to disboliovo f And I would raise my voico to avoid boing shouted down. " If Marshall has a doppolgungor let him bring him up hero in the daylight," ho would say, and similar illogioul nonsonso ; offoring to bourd and cloths tho two of them fpr a year out of his own meagre income, shouting extravagant promissory-notes at the doppei- ganger, and so forth. And then, suddonly, at the height of our shouting, ho would leavo off quito abruptly, stare savagely at his pipe, und ask ino for a match. " Have you a match ? " ho used to say, as though that wns the thing that had driven him to revolt. That, by a tacit undorstund- ing, suspcudod tho quarrel. I would hand liim a mutch to relight liis pipe. Ho would make somo indifferent remark at a tuugaut, and we would go on talking und smoking like a pair of brothers. Tho row, when it must liavo seemed to an eavesdropper on tlio point of blows, would vanish baforo ono could snap olio's fingors. For liis ohalcric outbreaks, like my own, wero us briof us thoy woro violent, fiko tropical thunderstorms more than anything olso in tho world. Now, after I had returned to my chambers in Museum Htrcot, I was surprised one after noon in May by a visit from AVondovor. I was collecting some now mid interesting evidence upon' crystnl-gazing that hud recently come to hand, when I lienrd hhn noisily ascend tho stairs. Ho euino in with all tho tumultuous violonoo of triumphant' chmmon seiiso,' shouting and blowing, flung his umbrella' on ' a haunted sofa I had on loan undor observation, slapped down liis hut on tho pluuchottc, uud sat in my easy obnir. "Givo mo some tea, my good man," ho bawled. " And then I'll toll you nn oye-oponor. Your doppelgangor ! He's hoist !" I tried to bo as cool mid acrid as possiblo, though this oruption wns certainly something of a shook, and I bogged him to let mo kuoiv how tlio hoisting wus accomplished. And waving his bread and butter at mo to accen tuate his story, and over and anon drinking his tee. noisily and eagerly, lio told mo tho true story of tlio Murshall doppelgangor. "You know tlioro wus u thundering row blowing up about Mrs. Marshall's sausages und minco pic?" ho said. " Libel notions and all that?" I remembered tho tronblo quito distinctly — too distinotly indocd, for it was n sido issuo into which Mrs. Marshall was always running, nnd which mado A pps suspicions and reluctnut undor examination. Tlio disappcuranco of thoso dainties on Ohristmas Evo from her kitolion I had nlways regarded as a trouble some irrelevanoo. So far as I laid formed a judgment in that matter at all I hud gouo witli the general sentiment of tho village, and suspected Apps and his friouds. For clownish thieving of that kind wns just tho sort of thing tlint would uominoud itself to tho rustic inind as a vory good Christmas joko indocd. "AVhut hus tho raineo pio got to do with tho story?" I said. "Everything," said AVendover, and ho drank, winking at mo over his tcaoup. " Old Franks'!" said AVondovor, putting his cup asido und leaning forward as he spoke to touch my kneo. "AVIiatof Franks?" I said, for I had never suspected that cldorly sinner had any connection witli tho caso. "Drunk!" said AVondovr. "Drowsy tipsy in tlio Sovou Thorns, n week ago ; dis cussion running high on tho great minco pic and suusugo question. Did Apps tuko 'cm, or didn't lie ? Friend of Apps indignant, tried running down Mrs. Marshall. ' Every body knows Mrs. Marshall's minco pies ure worse than licr sausages, not worth stealing ; wouldn't liavo 'em at a gift.' ' Ain't they P ' says old Franks, hiccoughing and winking. 'That's all yuu know,' said old Franks." AVendover paused, looked at me, took up two slices of breild and buttor, laid them fueo to face, hit them enormously, und looked at me again. " My good man," I said, " have you como all this way from Sussoxvillo to tell mo that?" "Tlmt and somo other things," said AVendover, disposing of tho brcud and butter. "'How do you know?' says Apps's friend. 'Novel' you mind,' says old Franks, appearing to realiso lio'd mado a slip ; uud thero, iu spite of a fow leading questions to tlio old mun, his criticisms on Mrs. Marshall's mincemeat cumo to au end." " AVeli," I begun. "AVnit a bit," Bnid Wsndover. "AVhen old Franks hnd gono, ns ho did rather quickly uftor that, the peculiar way in which ho had spoken was remarked upon. Could it bo that he had stolon the minco pie in question ? Occasionally lio did odd jobs for Marshall, ns ovoryono know, nnd it might be tlmt sometime on Christinas Evo he hud ventured " "Really, this potliouso gossip " "Yon wait. It wasn't long before this littlo suspicion onmo to my cars, and I must coufoss I didn't think very much of it at tho time, nor did I connect it with your well- uuthoiiticutcdoaso. AVlio would? But going past Marshall's, who slionld I seo as I thought, but Marshall himself planting bonus. Ho was stooping down with Lis back to me, so that Ins nether garments formed most of tho viow. " I went to the wall and shouted, intending to liavo a quiot word with him about this missing pio and sausage. He looked lip and tlion I ' saw tho mistako I'd made at onoo. It wasn't MhrsliaU at all) hut tlio excellent Franks, doing a bit of' ii' job' in a pair of Marshall's oust- off brooks. Ah !— now you sit up ! No men could he less aliko about tho head nnd fnoo uud complexion, I'll admit, hut seen — that way — well, tboro vras renliy an astonishing resemblance. Eusily bo mis taken." . "But the vicar — you — both of you sniil you saw his fttco !" "So wo did, und heard his voico. But tho othor gents iu the caso — drunk— dark night " That staggered mc for a mbmont. I had never thought of u mistako in idoiitity creep ing into tho caso on that sido. I could quite iuiugino four drunken mcii making sunh a mistake, hut the point was, that oven if Mrs. Murahull did not seo her husband's fuco over night, sho did the next morning. "Now, don't you think that I'vo come up horo with a story half told," said AVondovor, replying to this objection, "bocuuso I haven't. I'vo simply settiod the whole blessed quostion. It's a concession to your weakness I know, but direotiy tho possible resemblance of, old Franks to Murshall dawned on me, I deter mined I would oleur up the muddle from end to oud. I wont to Franks and began to tulk parochialism to hiin, and suddenly I hit him on tlio knoe. " ' I know all about it, Franks, iny man,' I said. 'Own up!' Ho know ino protty woll, und ho looked at mo for half a minute ?vor thoHo old glasses of liis, ' I won't tell a soul iu Sussoxvillo,' I said. 'I promise on my honour. But how the douco did you get put of Murshull's kitohon and him in ?' I supposo lie saw tho twinkle in my oyo. " ' Ho was iu tlio little tool shed hard by tlio wator butt, Muster AVondovor,' lio said, 'an' liis hoots took off an' put under tho ourraut bushcH as tidy as uud be. Couldn't wako him nohow. And tho snow a-fiiiiin' — it wuzn't ouinnion oharity not to loave en thcor.' 'You see?'.' said AVendowor. I saw only too plainly. "Thoy carriod homo old Franks, thinking it was Marshall " " AVliilo Marshall was swearing and oursing his way homo by tbo footpath over tho hill." " Aud wlion Marshall did got homo " " Mrs. Marshall, firm in hor faith that be was alreudy safely, if swinishly, deposited in the kitohon, let him liammor and awour at his own sweot will, putting it down to Apps und pulling . tho olothes over her head to deaden tho sounds." " Unhappy Marshall," I said. "Still more unhappy investigator," said tho ourato tauntingly. "Franks, when ho camo to in the small hours," ho uddod, " thought ut first thnt ho was in heaven— it shows what a consoicuco void of offonoo will Ho for you— Iub lust thought bofore losing uonsoiousuess having been that lio wus dying — sucli being tlio ofi'cot of tho cheaper spirits nt tho Seven Thorns— uud his first ou resuming eonsaious- liess wus that ho was dead. Tho moonlight was shining in through the frosty window, and it was cold uud spacious and clean, us lio'd boon led to expect to heaven would he. And oloso to haud, us lie fumbled ubout, woro sausages and a minco pio. 1 ' Old Franks showed tlio usual Sussex lite/illness. ' My fojthcr's 'oubc 'eth muny mansions, says I, anil I'm darmcd if I ain' t in a dam good nn. sayH I,' was the way old Franks oxprcsscd it. It was only when he'd folt about aud got tho baek door open, with tho idea of 'findin' tho rest of 'en,' and came upon Marshall, thut his muddled brain begun to grasp tlio realities of tho case. He recognised tbo outsido of the house, of course better than the in; The rest you- infer," " Humph I" I said, trying to find a flaw in hi9 explanation. It was atrociously ox- asperuting, nftor I'd published that report, und when the society wns just mukhig so muoli of mo. Ho sat watching mj conflict, so fur as my fnco revealed it. "Doppol gangers!" he remarked, uucndurnbly. I rose from my scat. I caught his hat and flung it violently across tho room, among the spirit photographs. Possibly I said this und tnnt. I pitched tlio plunuhotto board into the fireplace, and thnn I attacked tlio availiiblc shoots of tho roport on crystal-gazing that lay upon my desk. AVhen I hnd torn und crumpled sovcral very vinlontly, I wns nbruptly calmed. I turned und found tho ouruto had his pipo out. "Huvo you a mutch, old chap?" lie said, with tho utmost tranquillity. I folt in my pockets nnd then handed him tiie matches frqm tlio mantel. Tlion, sitting down iu tho armchair by tlio fire, I took a pipo from tho rack and followed his oxamnlc. 