FLOrSiM AMD JETSAM. By " ArEMANTOB." Ateen'JiC'aultieM'; n i neas Day has come and Jvreare considerably enriched in expei'iiii impoverished in pocket. It is how look for a wot day for the Guineas pis to look for it during the Royal Agrij meeting, aud here is a point wherein jitodk ever fail. And yet there is an old Boiriof wliii-h we never take note, "When wot, never bet." But betting is BO MUCH a part of Australian sport that we could not get on without it, and, therefore, I am not going to moralise. CAULKIELD, thanks to the vernal rain.!, was looking at it® best, and that is saving a lot There can be no doubt that tie attendance was n.ost seriously affected by the heavy downpour of ti-e forenoon, but fortunately for those who "braved both wmd and storm ^ there was a withlioldine of the Pluvial watering- can during the afternoon and sport proceeded according to the usual punctuality of this course. The attendance of the male sexwas equal to any former Guineas Day, but even the very small s'and accommodation provided bv the Caulneld executive for ladies proved sufficient on Saturday last. I am not an artist in describing feminine finery, and if I were I should have no need to tax my brain for flowery language to portray the ladies'apparel on Guineas Day 1898 for, sooth to say, they all appeared garbed 'in sober hues, neat, natty and nice. We may expect I suppose, the gaudiness on Saturday next. ' The course proper looked specially nice, and even if a bit holding on account of the morning's downpour, was thoroughly sound. The first event was a most important one, as the time-honoured Caulneld Stakes, which is a w.f.a. event with certain penalties, initiated the afternoon's proceedings, and when the public found The Grafter one of the eliminations from the board they at once proceeded to rusli his stible companion The Chief, who was backed against 14 others from 5 to 1 down to twos, and indeed at one time touched 7 to 4. Bar this son of Gozo, eights to thirties were obtainable, the others most fancied 'l e 7 ln f ^ture > George Frederick and Battalion. Wait-a-Bit went off at score and led his field a merry dance for about seven furlongs, but directly he was tackled by Battalion he cried his usual peccavi. The favourite was very slow getting to work, and after he had gone only a couple of furlongs Jack Gough was hard at work on liim, but he gallantly responded, and although he " hung a bit he went on the outside of his field, and had a cle;\r run. At the distance he seemed to falter slightly, but it was only for a stride or two, and then he came away and won by a length and a-half from Battalion, who ran a great and game horse under his 51b. penalty. Wait-a- Bit managed to obtain third position, with Reka, George Frederick and Clarion all pretty close up. The time for the nine furlongs, 1.574, was specially good, considering that 1.55 is the Australian record. The last mile from Wait-a- Bit at the eight furlongs post was cut out iu 1.42, and as The Chief was in the ruck as the Burrumbeet horse passed that point the winner ran the mile in about 1.41; excellent going of a truth. A BOUND dozen faced the barrier for the Hurdle Race, and as Pat was scratched his stable mate, Manazona, carrying J. E. Brewer, was made a very warm pot, but had to put up with only second honours, the first falling to the consistent Monte, on whom Curtin rods one of his best races. The winner was at an ouiside price, but if the third, Silver Pines, had got honw the fielders would have been frantic with delighv. Crysalite. fell at the last obstacle, but was palpably beaten at the time. THE Guineas followed, and all those privileged to saunter in the birdcage immediately surrounded either Bobadil or Cordite. The former bad been seen out on the two previous Saturdays, and so did not command as much gapeseed as if it had been his first appearance in public thr-; season. Cordite was found to have both grown and thickened, and had evidently wintered in magnificent style Of course, odds were laid on Bobadil, even up to 4 to 1\. whilst 10 to 1 bar one was the oft-repeated cry of the leather-lunged division. The race is not one that requires a very long description, as after they had gone a furlong the favourite glided—the only true word for his beautiful action—to the from and remained there until the sod wall was readied, when Cocos had a feeler for pace, which seemed quite satisfactory, but Coils brother quickly took in a reef, and then Holster caused Jlorrison to just slightly move on " Bobby," who at once drew out and won anyhow to the plaudits of the delighted assemblage. Cocos was second and Cordite third, with Heretic and Lee Metford next, the absolute last being Gauleon. s'excutc ft'accvse may lie all very line amongst those folks who condemned Dreyfus vnhtard. I am, however, not going to excuse myself over tipping Cordite to beat Bobadil, for I would do the same again if they had to meet next Saturday. As a two-year-old Cordite, in receipt of his gelding allowance, won tbe Sires' Produce Stakes, with Bobadil third, and then, giving fijbs. away to the Bill of Portland colt, ran second to him in the Ascot Yale Stakes. Those who saw tht latter race were certain that a protest would havi been sustained had it been lodged, for P.obadil'ssw.'rving over caused Cordite to lose his stride. But, anyhow, there was practically nothing between them as late two-year-olds, and yet on Satuiday " Bobby " had to present Cordite with 81bs. On figures Cordite should have won this race. About four furlongs from the winning post lie Was going lazily at leatt ten lengths in the rear of his eieat rival, and \el ho ian third, only four or five lengths away, after going all around his horse*. Then afrain with such gieat track horses as Wait a Kit and Maho i?i the eame stable, the natural corollary was that Cordite had given a good trial for him to'be- backer! for several thousands to beat JJohadil at hr<l ivt.vjhis in the Derby. If I were mad to tip him there was ccrtainly a method in my madness. WHKN' the bold punteis had oollected their " divvies " over the Guineas victor, they turned their attention to the Steeplechase, for which the nice field of fourteen faced the flag. Of these Miller was the undoubted selection and he jumped well, but Mailboat carted them along at such an exceedingly stiff pace that there was very soon a string, long str ung out. Miller lay second through out and finished second, but nob so Mailboat, for the latter t,hot his bolt once the fences had been surmounted, and then my selection Ni his,.about whom eights could have been obtained, swooped down and won in a common canter in the remarkable time over fences of 3.58 for two miles. As this time is really phenomenal for such an event, I once again suggest that the executive have the course measured by an authorised surveyor. ALL the seventeen coloured on the card appeared at the post for the rich Debutant Stakes, a favourite being fjuickly found in Carinthia, a daughter of Gossoon and Trieste. A heap of coin was invested on Scoi n, a very finely grown colt by Bill of Portland-Tea Rose, and he took a rather formidable preliminary. The favourite and Tremarden were first away from Golden Queen, and led to the half-distance where Tremarden came out, and disposing of Golden Queen bad to encounter opposition from Fleetfoot, who was tine to her name, for The Admiral's sister came with a great run, but could only secure a division of second irioney with Golden Queen, whose stable companion, Tremarden, got home by half-a-length from the dead-heaters. Fleetfoot was trained by Walter Hickenbotham, who preferred his other candidate Lissadurn; whilst Tremarden and Golden Queen were prepared at Uurrumbeet by the veteran Alec. Taylor, and strange to say he made an error also, as Golden Queen carried the "bit of firewood" in preference to Tremarden, who is by Trenton—Lady Harden, by Hermit's son Marden, from a mare by King Tom—Sunshine, by Thoramby. Golden Queen had been in work six weeks longer than Tremarden, but did not bear half such a well-seasoned appearance. THE Toorak Handicap, with its two and twenty runners, was a capital betting race, but the popular pick was undoubtedly Contrast, who was well backed down to fives, whilst Superb carried a lot of Sydney money, and saw eights, double figures being obtainable" about anything else. Contrast got such a wretched run that her chance was eclipsed right away. The pace was set by Alemcne and The Musketeer, but once in the straight Massinissa shot out, and it was all over, for the Melton Handicap winner won by four lengths, practically pulling double, and thus sending his weight for each Cup up to 7.5. THE Caulfield Cup, as all tbe world knows, wiQ eventuate on Saturday next, and instead of detailing the gallops on the various tracts, it is this week my intention to occupy such space in a general digest of the chances of the horses engaged in the great mile and a-half event. I always reckon the Caulfield Cup an even more difficult race to pick the winner of than the longer and more important event at Flemington. A horse to win next Saturday must have the ability to get quickly on his feet in order to obtain a good position, for if he fail in this he will have terribly great difficulty in obtaining one, as the circumscribed course does not admit of his making a position by gfiing around bis horses. And then there is such a lot of bumping to. guard against that a jockey of more that ordinary ability and nerve is required to steer his mount clear of foul riding. The distance is well within the scope of the n ajoritv of horses worth paying up for, but the pace is such a cracker from the start that it takes a horse of good stamina to get home. Having thus moralised, I proceed to the CAULFIELD CUP. THE CHAPTER (9.3)h;is, through various eliminations, become top weight, and right away there may be dismissed the idea about bis staying out the journey, for last year he ran second to his own brother in the great two miles event at headquarters. At the time of writing a conundrum is set us concerning his going to the post, and personally I do not think he will be the selected bearer of the crimson and white banner, for hi = owner has also paid up for THE CHIEF, who has the same impoEt to carry. This horse won the Caulfield Stakes under such great.difficulties on .Saturday last, that he is entitled to tiie utmost respect and will, I firmly believe, be the ? ca of the stable. On Sunday and Monday on the, tracks he was a bit "on his toes," but when on Tuesday he accompanied THE GRAFTER over a mile and. a-half at a fair pace he was all right. WAIT- A-BIT (S.fi) is a horse that I have long ago relegated to the crowd of" sooners," and, no matter how fit and well he may be, never shall he carry my confidence again. MAKCSA. (8.4) is -at the time of writing a maiden, but one that can move himself to some tune. As he lias ,failed BO repeatedly, it is impossible to give this bW^tfer to Malvolio and Maluma even a bare chance, - CATS- I'AW (8.5) has not improved during the last week at the same ratio he did previously, and, moreover, I fancy the distance a little bit beyond bis tether. AUSTRALIAN (8.5) is most undoubtedly a racehorse,, and a brilliant one at that, as any person who chooses to turn up his performances, will quickly discover. So far, he has not succeeded in getting to the end of a mile and a-half, but with the very careful nursing he will receive at Bobby Lewis' hands, it is quite possible he may succeed. MAJESTIC (8.2) is a horse with which I am not enamoured, although I believe his Stakes running last Saturday too bad to be true. His gallop on Tuesday, when with the assistance of Gauleon and Manfred, he ran the journey in 2.46f on the outside of the Flemington track was by no means bad, but I cannot have him ou my side. REJCA (7.13) has 141b. less to carry than on Saturday last, and meets The Chief on 181b. better terms than when he ran fourth to the Gozo gelding. His performance was not bad, and it is just possible the Sandringham stable may retrieve its specially bad fortune in this race ; but for my part I do not think Portsea's brother is sufficiently seasoned to go tbe journey, he not having had enough racing. THUNDER QUEEN (7.13) is as -well as it is possible for even Walter Hickenbotham to have an animal, as is evidenced by her gallops on the tracks, and we know the Oaks victrix to be a true runner. On paper Massinissa must hold her safely, presuming they have both improved in the same degree since the Melton Handicap, and although 1 iully anticipate the bald faced chestnut running a great race, I cannot see her defeating her former conqueror. TRENT (7.13) I must pass severely on one side, hut MISCHIEF (7.10) is such a game and honest mare that she will have to be reckone with. On Monday I eaw her do such a sterlln gallop over the distance that I was really impressed ' with the performance, and if they do not take her off ber legs too quickly she should be abouvi when the whalebone is flashing. ALEBIKNE (7.10) is the heroine of the Epsom Handicap, and such a speedy young lady as the sister to The Grafter must always be reckoned with. Cocos (7.9) is a good colt-, one of the beBt, and worthy of every support, which apparently the stable have not given him. ACTON <7.8) last year ran very well up with 8lb. more on his back, and on figures should again show prominently, but he is one I am never too highly impressed with, as the son of Martini-Henry is an in-and-out customer. PRINCE CABBTSE (7.7) I cannot accord a show. to, and I feel certain that ROSEBEKY (7-. 7) will be better suited by the longer stretches at headquarters, the course being too circular for his long stride. PRINCESS OF WALES (7.7) looks somewhat light, and. I think a big surprise will be created it the half-sister to Tremarden take the prize to Adelaide. SUPERB (7.6) is a most brilliant horse, and on Tuesday, with two assistants, ran a really first-class circle of the Flemington sand. At present , he seems averse to running left-handed, and this may cause him to hang, so that his chance may be destroyed. LONGFORD (T.6) I am not in favour of, and HYMETTUS (7,6) will, I fancy, find the journey a bit too far for him, although an undoubtedly good colt in his distance, which I take to be about ten furlongs. MASSINISSA (7.5) won the Melton Handicap and again the Toorak Handicap in such great style that it seeins folly to look elsewhere for the winner, He' must hold everything safely that he has beaten so recently tlia't it will he only extremely bad luck for him to suffer defeat. DEVOTED (7.5) won at Flemington very easily, but I am not one to go into tScstacies over him. ROBIN Hoori (7.4) is, I hear from Caulfield, too sore to have a " ghost of a show," but BUNYAN (7-3) may be another Little l — for all we i nf the eon of Th< \ credentials to H, tion. PIOHTJ! I" A.-J.C. Derln , . ; out the journrr ances, and I chances of Arr" • or that arrant jsvi" > \ (7-0) is a very > he will find ti ASHTON (C.J3) of any boy doin has not vet j Caulfield "Cup. r> good books,'bni H'i CONTRAST (6.7 IF- T Tuesday shouhi >n<-. cares about so «i...„ Caulfield course. i .M A who may experki: QUEEN, MISCINTI. ;LV: " 1,1 >urh •'•••i-jiii mca H " v ill in 1 flOflS rttEi iioftej log JidLiaai] class f> 101 " ti n.) n " ^ aniionL ,J " 1 Mi at] Now that the Cu,., ,,v eunuuati™ IJ call attention to «'i'-Vp,•,,„••« He i* so thoroughly' k>- ; >','wn in ^Sall business that o,•.„..-„, -houi.Ii.eaato PDNCH circulates H- j ;) ;! J(, ^ not think .t uutie.•<..!..ii- l0 ;ne,, u • advt I am n.,t • ,, m:„ aav k good wine needs n„ Ms. H. DuitsfiiL, mi'MiWof Tatte reports that busmen r,|, <j ie CaalfiM bourne Cups- parti-jiailv in double? binations—has been mutually brisk': week. The popular ior theCaa" Massinissa, Reka, Cm- -, Tito Chief Mm, but there is a growing deposition lombi a-Bit. For the JMclUmnie Gup Me Grafter, Clarion. Muftiinsfa andGoorj are in most request. ' " J!i Moaipi ? ; srauUefnaJ M'ESfi, 