Asthore, my heart is breakin as I paps your hqily door, An' see the often portal all invitin' to go in, An' hear the chiHher's voices as in sacred song they soar, The priest*s s subdued " Oremue!" and the people's loud " Amin!" But, oh 1 I dare not enter, #6r a compact I have made Like Lucifer at heaven's gate, no farther ... can I go! . Don't frown op me, ipy darlia', nor a broken heart upbraid; Good-bye, asthore alanna—till the pra ties grow! n. ' Ah! nivir did I think, agrah, that I should pass you by Without an adoration made before your holy fane; But ob! the pinchin' hunger—I can't hear my childher cry The livelong day for vittals, and Btill bear them cry in vain; I can't behold my darlin'lyin'sick before my face, An' hear her in a fever fierce bewailin' all our woe; I cannot do all this, agrah, an' stay in yon . an* grace; So now good-bye, alanna, till the pratieB grow! III. I'm pa8sin' by your angels an' I'm passin' by your-saints, But, oh! the weary trouble an' the hard an' bitter year! An' you know when the flesh is weak the proudest spirit faints— ■ For while you point to heaven we are sinnin' on down here. But sure as at your altar I exchanged the marriage vow, As sure as from your sanctity all streams of mercy flow, As sure, aohor alanna, though I sadly lave you how, I'm back within your bosom whin the praties grow. IV. They've paid me to forsake you, an' I've pawned my sowl for bread, An' promised for their pottage that from you an' yours I'd part; But while beneath their new-built spire I bow my sinful head, . 'Tis your old stones, alanna, that will „ have my .aehin' heart. Between the hymns they're singin' I will praise your Sacred Host, An' whisper Holy Marys whin their organ's in full flow; An' whin they ban the Romish Church I'll beg the Holy Ghost To hurry on the sayson whin the praties grow. Oh, if inside yoti, darlin', some obligin' neighbors kneel, Tell one of God's bright angels to go whisper in their ear That there's a poor sowl waitin' that can't ■make its own appeal, But if it conld would ask Him to send down a fruitful year. Good-bye, thin, for a little while, the shel _. ter of my- heart Good-bye, the glory of my eyes— but let the faithful know That though I say good-bye, avic, an' from your gate depart, Tis but, asthore alanna, till the praties grow. "Among the many learned men who were driven by the terror of this persecu tion to take refuge Abroad, none distin guished themselves more than Albian and Glemont, whom the Emperor Charles I. received in his court and honored with his favor; Of the last of these it is said "by a contemporary German writer that, through hie instructions, the dfrench might vie with the Bomans.and Athenians; John Erigena, v&obb; surname denoted' hir country (Ere, or Erin,- being the proper name of Ireland^, became; soon afterwards famops .for his learning, both in England and Eranoe. Thus did most of the lights, which in those femes of thick darkness cast their beams oyer Europe proceed' out of Ireland: -The lossof the manuscripts which the ravages of.the pagans-destroyed ^ by. the Irish, whofr^ofsflus-bisto^ antiquitieaof fchehcountiy,ftndwhi6hmay well be deemed' AiinisfwtnnbJnbh:^^ -Lord : Lyfctie tons Henry If. 