THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted [?]cores of years to the etndy of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world know nothing abont. Lately a German professor visited the “ adepts,” as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of fiading oat the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scnrvily, but in terested bim all the Bame. One day the pro fessor wanted to examine some anoieot San skrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. “ I can’t Bee to read here,” said the visitor. “ Then we will have some light,” was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality —it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and yon who now read it have no reason to doubt except that all tbe lights you have seen have oast shadows. Belief or un belief commonly rnns parallel with one’s own experience. Dr Johnson Bniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cook Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a care, is sceptical when friends tell bim of a medioine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt aonld result from his experience 2 Take an example:— “In tbe spring of iSSS,” writes our cor respondent, "I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, and also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great de pression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I beard of Mother Seigel’s Syrup, and procured a supply. After I bad taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left ms. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Sines my recovery, for , wbich I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrnp, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of Buffering humanity I deem it my duly to send you. this testimony, (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and ou'fitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, Sth Jons, 1893.” There is a deal of differenos between Mr Griffith’s candid letter and tbs story about the light that oast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trust worthy witness, who will answer letters of enquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magiaal about Mother Seigel’s Curative Syrnp. It acts on the theory that moat ailments arc but symptoms, forms or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dispepsia) it cures that and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark aud terrifying Bhadowe. And that is why people believo all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 