HELBOURNE NOTCHES. -Uy Jack Worrell.) The country week here started on Mon day, the following arrangements haling been made by the Pennant Committee:— On Monday, December 12, tho Western Bailiwick (team selected from Hamilton, Portland, and Wan-nambool, &c;), play tho Southern Bailiwick (Baliarat, Geelong, Co lac, fie.) on the Fitzroy Cricket Grnnml Kistern Bailiwick (Euroa, Bcnalia, Beech worth, £e.) play the Midland Bailiwick (Bondipo, Castlemaino, Echuca, &c;), on the East Melbourne Cricket Ground. On Tuesday the winners play -winners on the S.M.C.C, and the losers play losers on the R.C.C. On Thursday and Friday, on tho M.C.C. Ground, a combined team of the country men, chosen by the respective captains will try conclusions against a Victorian XI. It is to bo sincerely hoped that the public' will show interest in the match by their attendance, as otherwise tho expense in curred .may prevent these visits becoming an aunu.il one. Ths country week has al ready had a good effect on provincial cric ket, causing more interest to be displayed locally, every man striving his hardest to be worthy of representing his Bailiwick. It Is ths blue riband of the provinces, the honor being regarded in the same light as that of a pannnnt cricketer when chosen .in an Intercolonial. . You never can toll either when ii champion bowlcr?will bo' un- earthed. Tho Victorian team will be selec ted on Tuesday night, and, as far as can bo ascertained, Lavcr will be the only In tercolonial man playing. This is a pity, but men cannot be getting leave with the Christmas holidays. so close at hand; TREMENDOUS SCORING. It is getting quite monotonous this chro nicling of. tho mastery of , the bat over tho ball; yet it still goes on. Last Saturday was : a perfect : cricket .day— a warm sun, ?tempered by a southerly breeze; Tho Southerners concluded their hand against North for 429. Glller, who -had made 89 not out on theprevious Saturday, bringing his score up to 149 before being sent to the right about. It was not a bril liant display,, brilliancy not being his forte, but it was very sound. Ho was batting altogether 43 hours;, and hit' 11 fourers. ; He gave two chances— at 85 and 119— each time returning the ball to tho bowler. Jones got 30, R.M'Lcod 21, Armstrong 20. A. Carlton secured five : for 102- and' Siiun ders two for 36. The'; Northerners fielded finely, Gerbor especially distinguishing himself. Rose was batting very slowly, and when Gorber went up at silly point, the batsman let go, getting the ball- fair In the middlo of the but, and. straight at the fieldsman, who, recognising that the next bo3t thing to absence of body.was presence of mind, shut his eyes, and brought off a really wonderful catch. North 'Melbourno have lost four for 93, Gerber making 02 not out, giving two difficult chances behind. He: scored at a great pace, making 50 out of the first CO. W. Carlton also got 25 not out. Kemp bowled finely, taking three for 33. East Melbourne are piling on the agony with a vengeance against Hawksburn, and have made the mammoth score of C6C for nine wickets. Eddie Rush .was inline form behind the wickots, making three capital catches; in fact, every chance given on the day was accepted. Just before the conclu sion of the day's, play; the. Jblimontors had only six down for C6G, but tho last three wickots fell without an alteration. Laver brought his unfinished innings up to 114. He hit 15 fourers, and was batting two hours. Stuckcy, the othor not out man, wonton the oven: tenor of his. way until ho had' compiled 175, which included 23 four ers, ; and , was mado in' i hours 10' minutes. Tho : two above-mentioned batsmen- added 190 for the third wicket. Carter got 91, Christian 09, and Howlott 56. Melbourne made 426 against St. Kilda, Charlie M'Leod compiling 180' not out. Ho gave two chances on Saturday. When 132 ho returned a ball to tho bowler (Mar shall), and at 172 ho hit ono a great height, but the fieldsman misjudged- it, on account of tho- sun. It . is very gratifying from a Victorian standpoint to see him in form, fls.nll the recognised players at tho present time are playing well. And whatever tho result may bo against our old Sydney rivals at Christmas time, it is ? satisfactory to know that: every man on thp sldo, is likely to perform with credit vboth. to himself and to ills colony. M'Leod,^ by the bye, hit 19 fourers. Wilson got 31, Ross 2S, Johns 19. Fitzgerald, a loft-handcr, with a bit of pace, bowled splendidly, and on Saturday took 'five for 55, his record . for ; the match being seven, for 156. ; : St. ? Kllda have re sponded very well with three for 123. Wil con 37, ' Crlchton 33, Peryman 30 not out, cut beautifully; M'Leod. got two for.29 and Trumble,one for 39; Carlton, who at one ' time hold tho world's record, are making a' bravo at tempt to rogaln thoir lost laurels. They have the huge scoro up of 058 for four wic kets. Warns, who is Sli not out, is making a bold bid to beat Worrall's Australian re cord of 417. nHo batted all day, novor gave the ghost of a chance, and added 151. He is in great form at the present time both with bat and ball. He has had four Inning3. this year, making tho following sequence: — 140 not out, 52 (given out wrongly), 77 run out, and 314 not out; giving the sutis' factory average of 291. IIo also has a bowl ing average of about 15,'-ind hasoxcoiition ully strong claims to Intercolonial honors. Worrall (7S) was missed at mid-011 when 08\. Collins' 88 not out was aflno compila tion, but ho might with advantage use his height and strength moro frequently. Ho also is inclined to bo lazy between tho wickots. The Richmond fellows stuck 'to their disagrooablo task manfully,' the field ing of Wade at mld-off being- quite first class. Sholl, who bowled, really well, his length' being well nigh perfect, has had a heart-breaking ^experience. '^ \On .the first Saturdny Warno and Hcthorington were missed off him, and last Saturday Worrall was dropped fronr his jbdwling, but iu- the latter case lie had his revenge. ' A most excitlug finish was witnessed on tho Fitzroy ground between the locals and tho University. Tho latter on tho previous Saturday mado 202, .and even with that moderate scoro these times lost by aajy two runs: When nine wickets wero down Fitzroy wero 2-1' runs in arrear, and the ex citement wan-painful asSharpo wended hUV way -to the wickets. VHois not classed as a batsman, owing his placo in the team to his bowling. But, ho succeeded where 'bettor' batsmen failed, pVoving that nervo makes lip for a lot of other shortcomings. Per haps holoweshls nbrvo to the fact, that he. was one of the shining lights in ? the cham pion football team (Fitzroy) of last year. Anyhow, he pulled his side out of a holo. The:bowllng that puzzled all his confreres ?was tho clow leg break of C. Miller. Nearly every man played him half-hearted; ly,' but Sharpc stepped' out and lilt him', and took- tho chances,: and. was the prlncl-' pal factor at the .finish in winning the game. Best 04 not out played most reso lutely. A. Tarrant 27, LIttiefleld 26, C. Miller got four for 00. ? , . Thei unfinished match ; between . Carlton and North Melbourno wns concluded on Tuesday ? evening, last. Tho Northerners had. to mako(i4to tio, 'and; four wlckotn to 1 fall. There was a great deal of Interest taken in tho game, as the winners would bo' tho only ^unbeaten club in tho'Ponuant competition. When- tho contest was re sumed, which was just before 5 o'clock, there woro over a thousad persons present. It was played at North Melbourne, and tho locnls professed, to' be not even anxious as to tho result.1 Warno and Fox woro tho trundlers, and so well did they bowl that oight consecutlvo overs wore dollvorad bo foro a ran was scored. To cut n. long story short, the remaining; batsmen mado only 24 runt, and It 'took them ah hour and; eight mlnutesto. do, that. Houston added-only 1 to '.lila not out ncore of. CD, and ho was tho last manout. . V/nrno bowled magnificent ly; taklnB three. wickoto for 8 rune. Ths Carltoa team Ualdcd brilliantly. CarJton i iRroiuow leading for the Pennant, with North, East, arid Melbourne a dead heat for' Eccbnd'with one defeat each. 