WRECK OF S.S. GRAFTON. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) STRAHAN, Wednesday. In reference to two paragraphs pub- lished in the " Herald " this morning, anent the sheep and dogs left on board, I consider that those who supplied you with this news know very little of what they were talking. I made it my business to in- quire to-day of a number of nautical people who went down to the wreck yesterday, whether they considered that there had been any chance of getting on board. They all say that it would have been a very great risk of life to do so. Personally, I know the Union Company are very anxious to get on board, and if there had been a ghost of a show Captain Chaplain, who was down there yesterday, would have been on board the Grafton. Mr W. H. Blacklock, General Manager for the Union Company in Tasmania, reaches Strahan to-morrow night, and Captain Miles on the following day. THE PRELIMINARY INQUIRY. To-day, at 11 a.m., before the Master Warden (Mr J. J. Gaffney), assisted by the Harbormaster and the secretary of the Board (Mr A. G. Prater), a preliminary enquiry into the circumstances in connec- tion with the wreck of the s.s. Grafton on Sunday night last, was held at the Board's office. There were also present—Wardens W. P. Halos, C.E., Val Johnson (manager Union Co.), Chas. Grining, sen., and Jas. Robertson, and a number of the officers of the Grafton. Captain Morrisby handed in his report, which was read, and several questions relative to it were put to him by the Master Warden. The first mate (Mr W. Morgan) and the chief engineer (Mr J. Smith) gave corroborative evidence. The Master Warden, on the strength of the evidence submitted, has ordered an official enquiry to be held. The official enquiry will be presided over by a stipen- diary magistrate assisted by a nautical assessor. In all probability Mr Fowell, S.M., will hold it, and the Harbormaster of the port of Hobart has been suggested as nautical assessor. During the preliminary enquiry Captain Morrisby, to questions from the Master Warden inter alia, stated that on the tow line breaking the steamer drifted seaward and anchors were let go again. He then quite expected that the Mahinapua would make another effort to tow her over the Bar. But on the steamer not coming again to his rescue, he was compelled to make the best of the situation and leave the ship. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] STRAHAN, Wednesday Night. I was unable to interview any of the passengers by the launches to the Heads to-day before the departure of the last train. Since then I have seen Mr E. Reid, the chief steward of the Grafton, who informs me that he went down in the Ka-ana this morning, Captain Chaplin in command. The launch anchored about a chain off the Grafton, the sea being fairly smooth. The life-boat went alongside the Grafton, and the crew got on board safely. There is water in every hold, and it stands 2ft over the saloon table. No damage on the top, the stern standing about 2ft out of water, and the bow about 8ft. The anchor chain is still fast to the anchor, and had not parted, as stated pre- viously. The party found the sheep all alive and in fairly good condition. They were thrown overboard, but only about a dozen reached the beach, the others keeping swimming round the ship until they were drowned. The dogs were taken on board the life-boat, which saved all the silver and the greater part of the stores and bedding, ship's fittings, and a box addressed Wilson, a bag addressed Paterson, and a swag with a gun in it. These articles are in the shed now. 