A G RER A OW 0J:, THE air Mt81SIBRY OF RLACiK BtU ask \----1-- I CHAPTER tX III.-<(CoarsED.) ot0 Maud.MFelriIle, dying homaeward from " f the Gerhirt cottage, almost stumbled cur over hini, as helay like a log acrosa the ' moorland path. 'She'stood still, with a not quick, tarltld icry. a" He's.dea!" she gasped, dropping on sor her kneel 'beside the prostrate figure. In( "He's iurely dead, poo fellnw. I" fet The lightning flashed, and the thunder he, roared threateningly amid the peaKs abore,'and in a fel minutes the'storm ths would be upon her. But Menud had no thought of learinig this suffering stranger YO' alone. As she rould hae raised a hurt lamb, she raised the handsome head. and began "a to pass her soothing hand over.the white .*o brow. It was cov.-red with blood and ah dirt, tile fair. clustering- hair .-was, all he tangled and clotted, and fromnt the blue, rlose-shut lips a bloody foam oozed. a n SAn' A iitteeable .painpierced- JMaund's he ftende breilt. and a pityf or.:thii-'uai s , knowni'ian 'filled her' dark eyes with bears. " Bes deal," she moaned nrain. "P.mO fellow L what shall I do, for him ?' The hi drps 'enai to f. ll lehiaeili. a, and the winds shrilked acrnass the gray f, moors like a trnip of Ilaneihco.' Shie at, causht tile rain as it fell.- and a tiedil hiis q temples. aml.thing back the fair hair; and muder tlie maentneric tuenlea, the kr current 'f Wafe begau to flow again. . A stae'aott-r ruscin tne iaarete cneeit. alt and silec felt Iis hrtn beating aieaitit her h, as Shle held hilu. ll r tears fell I ke tne rainr.. and evna tihen atrn learvi t.ced a th sastse of wonder at utse taee j y that. 'I thrillal ier. " C-i. y'ni speak it o y elli.ar me ? th Do ryou lff:r very tnncii Ralused iy the goatla voice, Sir II;rry ea Treashan. cpened fihrd handme blatU evysa d wide. ald gazed about him with a btwil- cl dereet matre. . hi 'W ll..in the matter? Where am I ?" S he denminded. b " I think yourhoras mast hare thrown si yea. I found you lyiln here. Are you very miuch hurt?" B Tlhe young man struggle.l up to his cl elbew,.and drew his hand nacro-s hi eyes. "Yes. 1. remember tilt c anifIluniled horse of ulina ran dean the cliff yolul·.r. g No, I don't' think I'm very much hurt. hat tie breath was knocked piretty well out of ne. By love! My brain'i in a wi-irl yet." . He made an effort to regain his feet, but reeled and fell again, white and sick n with pain. e: " Confound it! I beg you pardon. c, madam, but the trouble's in my right ankle- I couidn't stand if I were to be shoat.fr it. And haeans! hark to the a: thunder. A terrible storm is impenading. li Do not liinger, madam, I beg. You are t, very kind. blit there's no need that both of o slhould be drenched ; run for your " life al, the iearect slhelter." a"N., I shall not leavo you," iras her y quiet ans- r. Sir 'Hary turned and loeked at her. H er & in. braids were all in a, turole rnse-r. ;lal her hibacrk civyne Si ie like | 0;e1" .l ll his life, halutdl.Eias'er. he \- il'ut.i;..lked upon .a lhnd-.mer face. -Depite Itis pain and hi. dipiagrecable I ce.idition his heart gare a little thrill of a.lmirnion. He ve a aassionate adorer , or c ,ir.nly loveliness. TLtterly uncunscious of his observation, Iand continued: " I rlall not leave you, a stranger, and aulfering as you are. I wouldn't learea crippled kid here itn all this storm. But we can't reach the Pellside now. and therefore we must seek a nearershelter. There's alittle care just round the ledge I there, which is quite snug, antd we've notime to I-eo. Tneae Highland storms are soon over, but they isre severe while they last. Come now, let me help you, please. . You must lean upon me. I am strong. and it won't hart me." Sir Harry looked at her again as she passed Iler little young arm about' him, a smile that was half admiration half amusement ligliting his handsome eyes. Ife had known so many lovely, high-born ladies, and this girl, with her dark beauty and her womanly tenderness, was so un like them. " Lean on me, please," she continued, clapling hlit close, and the touch of her strong, soft arm thrilled some fiber in the yToung noble's being that never touched hits tofur. "Thank you. How good you are. How shall I ever repay you' for all this?" he murturedr a tremor in his voien. " Oh, never mind, only lean on me,and let us get into the cave." And leaning on her, almost clinging to her in his acute pain and helplessness, he let her conduct him round the sharp cor ner of the ledge and into the little cave of rhich she had spoken. A curious place it was, walled and roofed with stone, and on one side their was a rude seat cut in the solid rock. * Miand got her patient under the shelter of this sylran roof, and seated him upon the stone seat. He looked very white and faint, and the sweat of agony stood out ,upon his forchiad in great dropi. ' " How good you are I" he repeated, tamilinF up at her a smile that lit the patri cian face with winning brightness. "What ' .MIad edAughed in answer, and her Inugh Swas inaxpressibly sweet and girlish. " ra iatter now : let us wait till the storm is oer, and 'll try to think of some thing," ahe said, pleasantly. ' Here it comes now ; we did not get under cover a minita too soon." And down tie rain came in tirrents, the winds shrieking amid the hills with a fury t!it wa" appalling. Sir Harry watched' his companion an ahe looked out into the wild ahaos with steady, ailsining eyes. o do not seem frightened,"he sid. " att ldies I have known suffer gross sw Is stormi, and this one in terrible." \- '" Yes: but I tao''ben used to nthem al mT life. ' Indeed, I always enjoy a *rS. ;ra'ormr . Does your ankle pain Sc ac ? ean Id so thin faor yeu ' a.swe i'.ed with a piyine s elance. ' utllintg more, thank yu. o ly ankle i- is ther painful. IuttI cn hIear it." "The minute the storm abatea you'shall | a. e hel. Itis but a step from here to I **:-'ellside. * The Fellside 1 Is that your holme?" S"Yeo. The houle is just beyund the fire there" .. " And yaur friends will they not sauer' gKreat uneasiness on your account" 1" tI have nit friends. I st alote.ii i The pathni'iii 'Ier aoite'toltciied'Sir utrry's inssnt heart. ": Aloauneaia a o i odag g'' Sen. Me yfather and mother leep in S tie little chasri yard nyse tlera sad iny ea- s ter I" hiire lost nir rieter." :. ae : iar' leeb!;I**e, tuo, dead 1" -"Ido no now; shiemay le.' Turn lea ing lher, dark eyes full upon hlm;'i, she lit, added: "Do you come from London, "From Londont Yes; why do you ask?'" i. . va She flushed a little as she replied : s a "'Nothing,only I'm always fancyingothat it, I shall cross some one odeo carn tell nme somiethinigof mysister. 'oorlittlsloabel f It was'in London she was lost." dot S" ir Harry half forgets his pain.in in curosity. the " Why, how did you lose hqri 'I an not understand." la" " She married Sir Hereford Marlowe 's c son. At least," she added, stammering e and flushing painfully, " she ran away du: from home with him, and..we'e. never heard of her since." loe The young man started up so suddenly that his ankle tingled with acute pain. -.. Wt " Whao, Arthur Marlowel Did he marry d your sister 1" he cried. thi "Y es. Doyonknowhim1" art " I know him well, and remember the nameyoumention. Isabel-yes,thatitby Ye Jove I Poor Arthur wscontinuall) raving we about his bride, Isabel, but his people said pa he was insane." * His npeople told falsehoods;; he ,o married my sister. Do you know where th he is now ?" . Ie ?h nParisFhbalieve..He ip to marry hi Lady Bianca Drisal this autumn." - _ Mlaud's dark eyes flashed with anger. "" , soon; and my poor littl sister it gone and forgotten." -d She let her head fall. and, covering her a] face . tth her hands, burst into tears.- Sir fHarry sat and looked at her while the th satrmn rag-d without, his blue eyes elo- di quest with pity. he "' Pnr girl," he was thinking. "She et knows so little of the great, wicked world. I suppose her sister went to London, and that mnelstorm of vion swallowed s her." 1 A sudden sound behind him changed ni the current of his thoughts and brought se M:tuni to her feet. And thel n the solid stone that walled Ii the rent of tie cave began to mnure. t Sir It rry e first thought was of an pl earthquake or sonie .such imppinding .lag.r,. and with instinctive, manly chivalry he tottered to his feet, and threw di his right arm about Maud's shoulders. is She clung to him and trembled, but her black eyes watched the moving stone, and she uttered no word or cry. " lleavens above!" ejaculated Sir d Harry, holding his companion still p closer. "The day of doom has come, atad tie dead are coming forth from 'their graves!" The old man i emerged from the thick 0 glooim beyond him, shading his eyes with el one hand. " Here we are at last," he" cr;ed, "and in the midst of the thunder-storm, It too." y Catching sight of the amazed couple Ii who stood regarding him with distended eyes, lie stopped short, and then made a i courtly, old-fashioned bow. " I beg you pardon- " But Maud darted pasthim with a swift t cry, and grasped Ambrose, as he issued t like a gaunt skeleton from the yawning tunnel. "Ambrose i Ambrose!" she panted, r " what does this mean ?" "' Wait a minute," he faltered, "and you shall know. I'm weak- " i His voice failed, and before he could reach the stone seat he fell 'prostrate in ° tfarry nild his injuries, flew to him and raised lis head. "Poor Ambrose Why, lie looks as if he had been dead and buried," she cried, f smoothing back the hair from his hag gard face. " What can have happened 1 to him I" a" ie has been buried, thouch not quite dead," King Lear made answer, toucuing a secret spring as he spoke, which sent the great stone bhck into its place, "down in the dungeon beneath the old manor. It was a lucky thing I saw him go down, r, for I take it, sir," bowing to Sir Harry, "I'm the only man alive who konaw the secret of thisunderground passage." s "tUnderground assage is it And who the deuce are you The old man laughed and stroked his frosty beard. i " You stare at me as if I were a 0, ghost." "Af "A ghostatfirsnaieht I certainly thought you. I should take you for a Trevethon r now. You look like the ,ld Trevethon 1t tortraits at Lyndith Hall.' By Jove, \- you must be the long missing Sir Arthur." S But the old man shook his silvered he head.S d "Nay, I am not Sir Arthur. 1 am only King Lear." "Kw King Lear I" he "Yes; they call me King Lear at Moreton House. A good enough rams, ad isn't it? And you, sir, what may your name be?" to "Tre s'am." he " Ahlit A sterling old name. And you ir visitJlyndith Hall I" of "Quiteoften." " How does the old place look ? Going ed to ruinms, in't it " eir "Ruin, indeed Sir Geoffrey had it repaired a year or so ago, and it looks like lt a palace." on "Sir Geoffrey What manner of man nd is he r' gut "A very pleaeant gentleman." The old man laughed till the cave rang d, with shrill echoes. ri- "Sir Geoffrey I Well, this is a queer tat world. I'll get back to Moreton House andetay there-I;tIelsulve? -.Wh.heouldi gh care? Only for the oy's sake. Do you happen to know, sir, if Sir Geofirey has a he son" iso "He's a madman,"thought Sir Arthur, it " the same person, without doubt, that ra Miss Tresethon saw at the Haunted Manor. Yet, how like the Trevethoa's hs, e looks." ith "Yes, Sir Geoffrey has a son,' he an swered, aloud. as "A sonl" There was unutterable sor ith row in his voice. "Do you knew his name ?" d. "Ye; it is Richmond." at A cry of pain broke from the old man's lips, and then his shrill laughter rang out a "gir Geoffrey Trevethon hasa son, in you say, and he is called Richmond," he 1" repeated. "Well, well, it must be true whattheysayofme. I am' a mdman. le I'll get back to Moreton House, and die there. I've lost my place in the inl world." - to He turned swiftly, and pssing out at the door of the cave, disappeared in the " wild, whirlin ustorm. the \- CHAPTER XXIV. T. E DEAD'MAN'5 STORT , Sir Itrryr lay at the Fellsidr Farm.lifnse, Sire nabletolift his head erom tte fragrenstwhite pillow to' which Maud hat consigned it; his injuries hacing turned nout to be much more ha serioosthatanyonehad apprehended. , "Y eou cannot be mivedsir, and dyou'll not icy 'tier iu of"this hoose for weeks to come. tiat aikle is an ugly fracture, and you'ise ame internal injury.in tu bargain., The lest exertiond now might cost you youn: . That was Dr. NMagent's verdict. Hearing It, poor Sir Harry groaned glooJ. ' 'Tie.too confounded bad i Why., I'd give half I'm worth to get to Londun today, and here I muast li k like a log. Well, sir," turning to Ambrose, "if there's no help for 'I it, I must beg you to goin my place. oa "I'll go sir." h V"Very well; aid'take that mareelloui et document with you. You ay you found t t in the skeleton's hand, and there's a ridong on the finger !"' tee "That is what I usaid, sir." -. Sir Harry looked up at the young High lander's handsome, grave face,with a sort of er curious wonder. a "' What possessed you to go down into that g dungeon?" he asked. SI had heard of the mystery of Black Hol low Grange." "And: yoo set. to work to clear-it up f Well, you took the job out nof y hands. A day later, and I should have done the same an thing that you have done. No matter since of the riddle is solved. Mr. Gerhart, did you Pc aver hear of Miss Lsnore Trevetlon ?" an ".The daughter of the missing baronet t Yes, she married Sir Geoffrey's son, and Sc went abroad. I saw the account in the in papes." r P'Precisely. Now, Mr. Gerhart, I beg that you won't ask me a question, but only have ct thekindness to dolas I tell you. There's a p1 secret in this matter, which I am bound in ho honor not to betray, you understand !" le 1 unnderstand, sir. What would you lik to mietotdoV'.Z. " Take the paper-(Heavens, what a stir it will make among the aristocracy of Lon- p don ; I must be there to see), Mr. Gerhart, and go to No. - St. Johna's.Wood. There is r a lady there-i can't give her name; that's p where the secret comes in,you see. I'll tell at this much-she's vitally concerned in these discoveries. You must see her, and shot I her the paper hbefore you submititto any one al else." w Ambrose shrugged his shapely shoulders. " Rather a blindfold sort of errand, I should say, sir," he replied. "For whom shall lask, it I'm not to know the lady's name " "I'll write a noteland seal it, and you shall send it.up to her." " Very well. You look like s man of honor. o Write the note and I will do as you iwish, " though t must confeas I am not particularly pleased with the errand:' Sir Harry with much pain and difficulty wrote the note, fesigned and sealed it, and directed it to " The Lady on the first floor s front, No. - St. John's Wood." i With this letter in his possession, Am. a brheose, tall and gaunt from his latesufferiog, joorueyed down to London. tl Ile took a cab at the depot and drove r direct to St. John's Wood, reaching the n pretending dweiling which bore the deslg. nated l.rtler a little before sunset. d r The lt.nes herself received him in her Ii small sittingroom, and took charie of toe note. There was a lady on the first floor, front c she wouhl take it up to her. Ambrose sat down and waited, the yellow leavts, which had been hidden for so many years in the black dungeon, rising and fal. ling with every beat of his impatient heart, r Five, ten minutes ; and then there came a light step and the rustle of a woman's gar- I ments. The door opened, and Ambrose rose to his feet. "I beg your pardon, madam, for this in t tension" he began, but at sight of her face the words died on his lions. He stood and stared like one who sees an apparition. He stood face to face with the woman for whose sake he had once risked his life. the woman tie loved I d For one minute liss Trevetbon lost her imperial self- control. The hot blood surged d to her temples, her clear eyes fell, her heart heaved with great, suffocating throbs; but in the next she was herown queenly self. "heoadvaned eto meet her visitor, ezteund d "I am glrd to see you, Mr. Gerhbart," she aaid. "Sirllarryfailed to mention your if name in the niote, and meeting you so aud. , denly surprised me. You are well l" "lam well; thank you," answered Am d brose, accepting the seat she offered' and setting his teeth hard to keep down his emos te tion. 0o If it cost him his life, she should not see how the sight of her loveliness movid him. She drew a seat in front of him, and folded r her graceful hands. " Poor Sir Hlarry has met with:an acci I. dent I' she went on. "I hope it is nothing ae serious." " She loves him," thought Ambrose; "and he her. that a fool Iwas to be decoyedinto coming here." "Nothing serious," he answered aloud; 15 "only a painful fracture, which forces him to keep quiet." a And tp was allfor me. Poor, kind Sir Henry I"' ht She wrung her lovely hands, and Ambrose hbit his lips io an gony of jealous rage. en '"le tells me," she continued, after a ln minute, "that you have been making some , very wonderful discoveries at Ithe Haunted ir range T" Ambrose rose abruptly, and drew the roll d of yellow paper from his breast. SI have teen down in the dungeon again, he blurted :out, "and I found a skeleton. y These papers were in its bands, and there was a diamond ring upon its finger. The papers I brought away, the ring I left un. at touched." Miss Trevethon half rose, her face the hue of death, her limbs shaking under her, bat sank back again, unable to articulate a word. " Sir Harry Tresbaminsisted thatI should obring the papers here and show them to you firslt, and here they hre," continued the TuIng man, laying them on the table beside ag her. She looked at them,shuddering from head it to foot. be "A sjeleton-a skeleton down in that awful place I Oh, my poor m?rudered father!" - Ambrose gave a great start. " Good heavens I"he cried, you don't mean to say-" But, checking himself, he stopped short, leaving the question unasked. e . Still tremoling in every limb, still death as white, Lenore took up the yellow rotll, and =-smoethederi?e dscmlored pnges. ?-'" on The rst was dated some years back, and I ran as follows " I. Arthur Trehon, do leave this, my last , Charge and testimony, hoping that by some ,at chance It may one day eome to the eyes of the ed world. am down in this dungeon beneath the manor, mangled and dying. t was forced s'a through the trp-door, which opsens from the anteroom which adjoins the library, by a man z. who came to me prolessing to be my ecosia, ir Geoffrey Trevethon, ths lates hro't's sea and heir. This man is trasgtly like Sir Grosr.y ' Molreover, he has ample roos olf his identy, bout `ia he is an impostor, neartheless. I told him so when he came to ms as I sat in the library on the night preiou to my return a's London. t "He gre liHid with goeit sod rage, sod seiing me odlly, fored me into the anteroom, end through the se.crt door. a.o heeray tOms, ir youn a" rs'wssr s las words to as I he fel. S"Iam writing this, in the tbich darass, oa am; th:sa of my dioy. Thehill or death i. .o dgain--neaer see the faes of my dear eife and hechild ottd I meet them in hearen. Ishall die down hereo in this trribla plscec n no one all at knoe;but heaeo's justice will surly bring this sfol dred to light, fly some ehascs my fste eil Iw mode Lnoev to the sorld, and this paper ehich I am writing t cdsrhnes, and In untold agony,ewill e fud. Ahdiohim ehotndsit,t d. myohfrgf. Avenge my mvrdsr, and right tntegrraterung. Theomaneho sIehimsesllte eomffrey Trevethone is a tae imposeer. Tks trle Sfr "totlrey eill rome one dayond clair hie ° w.rr s et mno"re.. My .n d fasil , and death comes to set me free. My-desr ifse; fareell. _Leoure, s hidte girl, if erryou live, do eol dlsregsrd your poor, tond father's -eill. Whro yar - Couins ot Riohmond core, you eid ratifyyear ehidish sbetotebal,aod'bemoe ohis wifs; andmotyhe ao 'is mighty Fthe b'.d andererariny danber sod Eh e hr husband, tue otuynycoo.j 