FOY FOR PUBLISHING SERMONS, A Donations towards the publication of Sermons will be gratefully received by Mrs. Farr. Mrs. mellólas, A'eio Town, or Miss Nutt, 21, PiUrou puree. UEMEMBKlt LOT! " He lingered."-Grnoiis xix , li. BY THE RIGHT REV. JOHN CHARLES RYLK, D.D., LORD BISHOP OF I IVKlirOOL. Lot made a wrong chance in early life. There was a time when Abraham and Lot lived together. They both became rich, and could live together no longer. Abraham, the elder of the two in the true spirit of humility and courtesy, gave Lot the choice of the country, when they resolved to part company : "If you," he said, " will take the lefthand, than I will go to the right; or if you depart to the right hand, then I will go to the left." (Gen. xiii.. 9 ) And what did not do? We are told he saw the plain of Jordan, near Sodom, wore rich, fertile, and well watered. It was a good land for. cattle, and full of pastures. He had large flocks and herds, and it just started his requirement?. And this was the land he chose for a residence, simply because it was a rich, well watered land. It was near the town of Sodom He cared not for that. The men of Sodom, who would be his thigh bours, were wicked ! It mattered not. They were sinners before God exceedingly ! It made no difference to him. The pasture was rich. The land was good. He wanted such a country for his flocks and herds. And before that argument all scruples and doubt?, if, indeed, he had any at once went down. He chose by sight, and not by faith. He asked no counsel of God to preserve him from mistaken He looked to the things of time, and not of eternity. He thought of his worldly profit, and not of his soul. He considered only what would help him in this life-he 'forgot the solemn business of the life to come. This was a bad beginning. Lot mixed with sinners town there was no occasion for his doing so. We are first told that he pitched his tenttowardSodom." (Genuine., 12.) This, as I have already shown, was a great mistake. But the next time he is mentioned we find him actually living in Sodom itself. The Spirit says expressly, " He dwelt in Sodom." (Gon xiv., 12.) He lived in a wicked place, seeing and hearing " evil all around him (2 Peter ii, 8), and yet was not wicked himself. Now to be a Daniel in Babylonian Obndinh in Ahab's house-an Abijah In Jeroboam's family-a saint in Noro's court, and a righteous man in Sodom, a man must have the grace of God. He vexed his soul with the unlawful deeds " he beheld around mm. (2 Peter ii.. 8.) He was grounded, grieved. pained, and hurt at the sight of sin. This was feeling like holy David, who says, "I beheld the transgressors and was grieved, because they kept not Thy word," (Psalm cxix. 136, 158. Nothing will account for this but the grace of God. He vexed his soul from day to day" with the unlawful deeds he saw. He did not at length become fool and lukewarm about in, as many do. Familiarity and habit did not take off the fine edge of his feelings, as too often is the case. Many a man is shocked and startled at the first sight of wickedness, and yet becomes at lost so accustomed to see it, that he views it with comparative uncon- cern. This is especially the case with those who live in towns and cities. But it was not so with Lot And this is the great mark of the reality of His grace. Such an one was Lot-a just and righteous man, a man sealed and stamped as an heir o'. Heaven by the Holy Ghost himself. Reader, before you pass on, remember that a true Christian may have many a blemish, many a defect, many an infirmity, and yet be a true Christian nevertheless. You do not despise gold because it is mixed with much dress. You must not undervalue grace because it is accom- ¡ panied by much corruption. Read on, and you will find that Lot paid dearly for his " lingering." Putt do not forget, as you read, that Lot was a child of God. There are many Christian men and Christian women in this day very like Lot. There are many real children of God who appear to know far more than they live up to, and so far more than they practise, and yet continue in this state for many years. Wonderful that they go as far as they do, and yet go no further ? They hold the Head, even Christ, and love the truth. They like sound preaching, and assent to every article of Gospel doctrine, when they hear it. But still there is an indescribable something which is not satisfactory about them. They are constantly doing things which disappoint The expectations of their ministers, and of more advanced Christian friends. Marvellous that they should think as they do, and yet stand still I They believe in heaven, and yet seem faintly to long for it and in hell, and yet seem little to fear it. These are they who are always trying to keep in with the world. They are ingenious in discovering reasons for not separating decidedly, and in f raining plausible excuses for attending questionable amuse mines, and keeping up questionable friendships. One day you are told of their attending a Bible reading : the next day perhaps you hear of their going to a ball. They are constantly labouring to persuade themselves that to mix a little with worldly people on their own ground does good. Yet in their case it is very clear they do no good, and only get harm. Those are they who cannot find it in their heart to quarrel with their besetting sin, whether it be sloth, indolence, ill-temper, pride, selfishness, impatience, or what it may. They allow it to remain a tolerably quiet and undisturbed tenant of their hearts. They say it is their health, or their constitution, or their temperaments, or their trials, or their way. Their father, or mother, or grandmother, was so before themselves, and they are sure they cannot help it. A certain kind of Christianity is almost fashion- able now. To belong to some party in the Church, and show a zeal for its interests, - to talk about the leading controversies of the day-out popular religious books as fast as they come out, and lay them on your table, to stand aloof- ings subscribe to societies, and discuss the merits of preachers-all these are now comparatively easy and common attainments. They no longer makes person singular. They require little or no sacrifice. They contain no cross. Butta walk closely with God, to be really spiritnallly-iuinded-to behave like strangers and pilgrims to be distinct from the world in employment of time, in conversation, in amusements, in dress to bear a faithful witness for Christ in all places-to brave a savour of our Matter in every society, to be prayerful, humble, unselfish, meek- to be jealously afraid of sin, and tremblingly alive to our danger from the world,- those, those are still rare things. They are not common among those who are called true Christians, and, worst of all the absence of them is not felt and bewailed as it should be. Reader, wake up and mark well what I am saying. Settle these things down in your mind. Do not forget them. Recollect them in the morning. Recall them to memory at night. Let them sink down deeply into your heart. If ever you would be safe from lingering, beware of needless mingling with worldly people. Beware of Lot's choice. If you would not settle down into a dry, dull, sleepy, barren, heavy, carnal stupid, torpid state of soul, estate of Lot's choice. Remember this in choosing a dwelling- place, or residence. It is not enough that the house is comfortable, the situation good, -the air fine, - the neighbourhood pleasant, the expenses small, the living cheap. There are other things yet to be considered. You must think of your immortal soul. Will the house you think of help you towards heaven or hell 1 Is the Gospel preached within an easy distance ? Is Christ crucified within reach of your door Is there a real man of God alone, who will watch over your soul ? I charge you, if you love life, not to overlook this, Beware of Lot's choice. Remember this in choosing a calling, a piece, or profession in life, It is not enough that the salary is high, the wages good, the labour light, the advantages numerous, the prospects of getting on most favourable. Think of your soul, your immortal soul. Will it be fed or starved 1 Will it be prospered or drawn back ? I beseech you, by the mercies of God, to take heed what you do. Make no rash decision. Look at the place in every light, the light of God as well as the light of the world. Gold may be bought too dear. Beware of Lot's choice. Mark for one thing. Lol did no (fond among the inhabitants of Sodom. Lot lived in Sodom many years. No doubt he had many precious opportunities for speaking of the things of God, and trying to turn away souls from sin. But Lot seems to have efFected just nothing at all. He appears to have had no weight or influence with the people who lived around him. He possessed none of that respect and reverence which even the men of the world will frequently concede to a bright servant of-God. Not one righteous person could be found in all Sodom, outside the walls of Lot's home. Not one of his neighbours I believed his testimony. Not one of his acquaintances honoured the Lord when he worshipped. Not one of his servants served his master's God. Not one of all the people from every quarter" cared a lot for his opinion when he tried to restrain their wickedness. " This one fellow came in to sojourn," said they, "and he will needs be a judge." His life carried no weight. His words were not listened to. His religion drew none. And truly I do not wonder. As a general rule, lingering souls do no good to the world, and bring no credit to God's cause. Their salt has too little savour to season the corruption around them. They are not epistles of Christ who can be known and read of all. There is nothing magnetic, and attractive, and Chi ¡Bt-reflocfing about their ways. Remember this. Mark another thing. Lot helped no relation towards heaven Lol left no feebleness behind him when he died. We know but little about Lot after his flight from Sodom, and all that we do know is unsatisfactory. His pleading for Los, because it was a (little one his departure from Zoa afterwards-and his conduct in the cave-all, all tell the same story. All show the weakness of the Grace that was in him, and the low state of soul into which he had fallen. We know not how long he lived after his escape. We know not where he died, or when be died whether, he saw Abraham again what was the manner of his death-bed he said. or. what he thought. All then on his to Alma, 