| A STATESMAN OF RUSSIA. THE MAN NEXT TO THE CZAR. constantine pobedonost/.hff. tile political and religious policy of russia. The May number of the "Century Magazine" contains a long and extremely interesting article 011 Pobedonostzeff, by Mr. Andrew D. White, tho United States Ambassador at Berlin, and formerly Minister to Russia. Mr. White writes:— un arriving in si. j'eicrsnurg in Novemuer, J 802, there was oue Russian whom I more de sired to meet than any other — Constantino Pobe donostzeff. For some years I bad seen bis name In various English aud American reviews, coup led with charges of bigotry, cruelty, hypocrisy — indeed, of tho most hateful qualities which a human being can possess. But the fact re- muiued that he was generally admitted to be tho most Inllucntinl personage lu the Russian Em pire under Alexander III., and that, though bearing the distinctive title of '.'Procurator-Gen era! of the Most Holy Synod," lie was evidently no less powerful in civil than in ecclesiastical affairs. I found him, ns one of tbc great ministers of the Crown, residing in a Ministerial palace, but still retaining in large measure his old quality of professor, About him was a beautiful library, with every evidence of a love for art and literature. I had gone Into his presence with many feelings of doubt. Against no one in Russia had charges so .bitter been made in my hearing. It was universally Insisted that he was mainly responsible for the persecution of the Roman Catholics in Poland, of the Luthe rans In the Baltic provinces and in Finland, of the Stundists in central Russia, and of the dis senting sects everywhere. Ho had been spoken of in the English reviews as "the Torquemada of the nineteenth century," and this epithet seemed to bo generally accepted as correctly de scribing him. He was to all appearance a scholarly, kindly man, ready to discuss the business which 1 brought before him, and showing a wide interest in public affairs. There were, indeed, few doc trines, either political or theological, which we held in common; but he seemed inclined to meet the wishes of our government as fully and fairly as he could, and thus was begun oue of the most interesting acquaintances 1. have ever made. His usual time of receiving his friends was on Sunday evenings, between nine and twelve; and very many such evenings I passed with him in his study, discussing, over glasses of fragrant Russian tea, every sort of question with the ut most freedom. I soon found that his reasons for that course of action to which the world so generally ob jects aro not so superficial as Uiey are usually UIUUIII. j lie IUIHU.imvu ijuiii'.y wuiuii uu iia>> so earnestly adopted is based not. merely upon his views as a theologian, hut upon his convic tions as a statesman. While as a Uusso-Greek churchman he regards the established Church of the Empire us the most primitive and the purest form of Christianity now extant, and while with his aesthetic nature he sees in its ritual, in its art. and in all the characteristics of its worship, the nearest approach to his ideals, he looks at it also from the point of view of a statesman — as the grout cementing power of the vast empire through which it is spread. This being the case, he naturally opposes all other religious bodies in Russia as not merely inflicting injury upon Christianity, but as tend ing to the political disintegration of tho empire. Never, in any of our conversations, did I bear him speak a harsh word of any other Church, or of any religious ideas opposed to his own; but it was clear that he regarded Protestants, and dissident sects generally, as only agents in the progress of disintegration which in western Europe seemed approaching a crisis, and that he considered tho Roman Catholic Church In Poland as virtually a political machine in deadly hosti lity to the Russian Empire and to Russian in fluence generally. In discussing his own Church, he never hesi tated to spcalc plainly of its shortcomings. Un questionably, one of the wishes nearest his heart is to reform the abuses which have grown up among its clergy, especially in their personal habits. Here, too, is a reason for any repres sive policy which .he may have exorcised against other religious bodies in the empire. Every thing that detracts from the established Russo- Greelc Church detracts from the revenues of its clergy, and, as these aro already pitiably small, nids to keep the priests and their families in the low condition from which he is so earnestly en deavoring to raise thorn. As regards the severe policy instituted by Alexander HI. against the Jews of tho empire, and which Pobedonostzeff, moro than any other man, is supposed to havo inspired, ho seemed to have no harsh feelings Against Israelites as sucli, but his conduct seem ed based upon a theory whlc.1i, though 1 thought it mistaken, and in various conversations com bated It, ho presented with much force; namely, that Russia, having within its borders more .Tews than exist in all the world beside, and having suffered greatly from, these as from an organisation really iucupable of assimilation with the body politic, must, pursue a repressive policy toward them, nnd Isolate them, in order to pro tect. Its rural population. "While he was very civil in his expressions re garding the United States, ho clearly considered all wosteru civilisation a failure, lie seemed to anticipate before long a collapse In the systems and institutions of western Europe. To him socialism aud anarchism, with all that they imply, were but symptoms of a wide-spread poli tical and social disease, indications of an ap- pronching catastrophe destined to end n civilisa tion which, having rejected orthodoxy, had cast aside Heaven-born authority, given the force of law to the whimsies of illiterate majorities, and accepted the voice of unthinking mobs, utterly Ignorant of their own highest good, and, indeed, of their own simplest material Interests, as the voice of God. It was evident that he regarded Russia as representing among the nations the Idea of Heaven-given and church- anointed uutho- lllj-— Un Hill lll.oi Utt-W III! » A. IIM. ur ciplo of divine right aud the rule of the fittest. Revolutionary efforts in Russia lie discussed calmly. Referring to Loris-MeliUolT, the reprc- sontative of principles most strongly opposed to Ills own, no word of censure escaped him. The only evidence of deep feeling on this subject that lie ever showed in my presence was when he referred to the writings of a well-known Russian refugee In London, and said, "He Is an OBcaped murderer." As to education In the empire, he evidently hold to the idea so thoroughly carried out in Rus sia, namely, that the upper class, which is to discharge the duties of the Slate, should be highly educated for those duties; but that tho great muss of the people need no education be yond what will keep them contented in the humble station to which it hns pleased God to call them. A very curious example of his con servatism T noted In his remarks regarding the droshkies of St. Petersburg. The droshky- drivers are Russian peasants;, simple and, as a rule, pious, never failing to make the sign of the cross on passing a church or shvine, or at any other inomeut which seems to them solemn. They are perhaps picturesque, but certainly dirty In their clothing and in all their surround ings. A conveyance more wretched than the ordinary street droshky of a Russian city could hurdly bo conceived. Measures bad been pro posed for improving thin system, but he could see no use In them. The existing system was thoroughly Russian, and that was enough. It appealed to his souse of conservatism, and the droshky-drlvers, with their Russian caps, their long hall and beards, their picturesque caftans, and their kindly, deferential demeanor, satisfied Ills aesthetic sense. What seemed to me a clush between his or thodox conservatism on one side and his Russlau pride on the other, I discovered on returning from a visit to Moscow, in which I hud had 'sundry walks and talks with Tolstois On my referring to this, he showed somo interest. It was clear that ho was separated by a whole orb of thought from tho great novelist, yet it was nono tho less ovidont that he took prldo In htm. Ho naturally considered Tolstoi as hopelessly, wrong In all his fundamental ideas, and yet was htouelf too much a man of letters not to rocog-; nlso In his brilliant countryman ono of the glo ries of Russia in the present epoch. But tho most curious— indeed, tho most amaz ing — revelation of tho man I found In his love for American literature. Ho is a wide reader, and in the whole breadth of his reading Ameri can authors were evidently among those he pre ferred. Of these, Hawthorne, Lowell, nnd, above all, Emerson were his favorites. Curious, indeed, was It to Ipnrn that this "arch-persecu tor," this "Torquemada of the nineteenth cen tury," this man whose hand is especially heavy upon Catholics and Protestants and dissenters throughout the empire, whose name is spoken with abhorrence by millions, within the empire ami without It, still reads as his favorite author the philosopher of Concord! lie told me tbat the first book which he ever translated Into Rus sian was Thomas a Keiupis's "Imitation of Christ"; and of that he gave me the Latin ori ginal from which he had made his translation, with a copy or the translation itself. He also told me that the next book which he translated was a volume of Emerson's essays; and he added that for years there had always lain open upon his study table? a volume of Emerson's writings. There is thus clearly a relation of liis mind to the literature of the western world very foreign to his feelings regarding western reli gious ideas. This can be accounted for, perhaps, by his own character as a man of letters. That ho has a distinct literary gift is certain. I have in my possession articles of his, and especially a poem, in manuscript, which show deep poetic feeling and remarkable power of expression. It in a curious fact that, though so fond of English and American literature, reading it with accuracy and ease, he utterly refuses to con verse In English. Ills medium of communi cation with foreigners is always French. On my asking him why he would not use our lan guage in conversation, ho answered that he had learned it from books, and that his pronuncia tion of it would expose hiin to ridicule. In various circles in St. Petersburg I heard him spoken of ns a hypocrite; but a simple sense of justice nomnnlfl ini> tr> flnM-TPta fhfc flfinnontlnn nn_ just. He, indeed, retires into a convent for a portion of every year, to join the monks in their austerities and religious exercises; but this prac tice is, I believe, the outgrowth of a deep re ligious feeling. On returning from one of these visits to the monastery, he brought me a large Rafter egg of lacquered work, exquisitely illu minated. I have examined, in various parts of Europe, beauLiful specimens of the best periods . of medieval art; but lu no one of litem have I ' fennd anything in tlio way of illumination more perfect than this which he brought nte from his monklf.h brethren. ' In nothing did he seem to unbend moro than in his unfeigned loVd for re ligious art as it exists in Russia. lie discussed with me one evening some photographs of tho new religious paintings in the Cathedral of ICleff In a spirit which showed that this feeling for re ligious art is one of the deepest characteristics of his nature. He was evidently equally sensitive to the beau ties of religious literature. Giving me the various books containing the services of the Orthodox Church, he dwelt upon the beauty of the Sla vonic version of the Psalms, and upoti the church liymi.ology especially, as embodying worthily tho most elevated thoughts and aspiration.;. The samo aesthctij side of his nature was shown at various great church ceremonies. It lias hap pened to me to sec Plus IX. celebrate Mass, both at tho high altar of St. Peter's and in the Slstinc- Cliupel, and to witness the ceremonies of Iioly AVeek and of Easter at the Roman basilicas, and at the time it was hard to conceive anything of the kind more impressive; but I have never seen any other church function, on the whole, so im posing as the funeral services of the Emperor Nicholas during my first visit to Russia, nor have I ever heard any other music so beautiful as that of the three great church choirs which took part In them, and at various great Imperial weddings, funerals, name-days, and the like, during my second visit. On such occasions Pobedonostzeff frequently came over from his position among the high Ministers of the Crown to explain to us tlio significance of this or that feature in the ritual or in the music. It was plain to see that these things touched what was deepest In him, and that, whatever else may be said of him, it. must be confessed that in his attachment to the Church he Is sincere. Nor were these impressions made by him pecu liar to me. It fell lo my lot to present to him ono of the most eminent journalists our country lias ever produced, the late Nestor of the Amerl-; can press — one who could discuss on even terms with any European statesman all the leadingl modern questions. This countryman of mine had been brought Into close contact with many! great men, hut it was plain to see — what ho after ward acknowledged to me — that he too was most deeply impressed by this eminent. Russian. The' talk of two sucli men threw new light upon the characteristics of Pobedonostzeff, and strength ened my impression of his strong intellectual qualities and of his sincerity. In regard to the relation of the Rosso-Greek tlJ UUIKI V/BIIU.IU'.-), I »|)UUU 10 iltui it I various times, and found in him no personal feel ing of dislike to tliem. The nearest approach lo such a feeling appeared, greatly to 'fny sur prise, in certain references to tlio Greek Church as It exists in Greece. In these lie showed a spirit much like that which used to bo common among High Church Episcopalians in speaking of Low Churchmen. Mindful of the earnest efforts made by the Anglican communion to come into closet relations with the Russian branch of the Eastern Church, I at various times broached that subject, and tlic glimpses I obtained of bis feeling regarding it surprised me. Previous to these interviews I bud supposed thnt the main difficulty as to friendly relations between these two branches of tho Church Universal hads its origin in the Filioque clause of tho Nicene Creed. As is well known, the Eastern Church adheres to that creed in its original form — the form in which tho Holy Ghost is represented as "proceeding from the Father," — whereas the Western Church adopts tho additional words "and from the Son," That the Russo-Greek Church is very tenacious of Its position in this respect, and regards the ac tion of the Western Church, Catholic and Protes tant, in this matter as savoring of blasphemy, is well known, and thero was a curious evidenco of this during my stay in Russia. Twice during that time T heard the "Missa Soiennis" of Bee thoven. It was first given by a splendid choir In the hall of tho University of Melsingfora. That being in Finland, which Is mainly Lutheran, the creed was sung in its Western form. Natur ally, on going to hear it given by a great choir at St. Petersburg, I was curious to know bow this famous clause would be dealt with. In various parts of the audience were priests of the Russo- Greek faith, yet there were very many Lutherans nnd Calvinists; and I watched with some interest the approach of the passage containing the dis puted words. But when we readied this, it was wholly omitted— any allusion to the "procession" was evidently forbidden. Great, therefore, was my surprise when, on asking Pobedonostzeff, us the representative of tho Emperor in the Synod of the Empire, the highest body in the Church, and ho the most influential man in it, really con trolling archbishops and bishops throughout the Empire, whether tho Filioque clause is the insur mountable obstacle to union, he replied: "Not at all; that is simply a .question of dialects. But with whom are we to unite? Shall It be with the High Churchmen, the Broad Churchmen, or tho Low Churchmen? These are three different, bodies, with distinctly different ideas of church order — indeed, with distinctly different creeds. Which of these is the Orthodox Church to regard us the representative of the Anglican commun ion?" I endeavored to show him that the union, if it toolc place at all, must be based on ideas and beliefs that underlie all these distinctions; but he still returned to his original proposition, which was that union is impossible until a more distinct basis than any now attainable could be arrived at. I suggested to him a visit to Great Britain, and his making the acquaintance'of leading English men; but to this he answered that at his time of life he had no leisure for such a recreation; that his duties absolutely forbade any such indul gence. In regard to relations with the Russo-Greek Church on our own continent, he seemed to speak with great pleasure of tho treatment that Rus sian bishops had received In our country. He read mo letters from a member of tho Russo- Gvoulc hierarchy, full of the kindliest expressions toward Americans, and especially acknowledg ing their friendly reception of him and his minis trations. Both the archbishop and Pobedonost zeff himself were very much amused over one fact mentioned in this letter, which was that tho Americans, after exteuding various other cour tesies to the archbishop, "offered cigars." He discussed the possibility of introducing tho "Holy Orthodox Church" into the United StateB, but always disclaimed zeal in religious propa- gaiullsm, saying tbat the Church authorities had quite enough work to do in extending aud fortify ing tho Church through tho Russian Empire. He sai'I that the pagan tribes of tho imperial do minions in Asia seemed more inclined to Mo hammedanism than to Christianity, and gave as the probable reason tbo fact that the former faith Is much tho more simple of the two. He was evidently unable to grasp the idea of the Congress of Religions al the Chicago Exposition, and seemed Inclined to take a mildly humorous view of It as one of the droll inventions of tho time. He appeared to hold our natlou as a problem apart, and was perhaps too civil, in his conversa tions with me, to include it lu the same con demnation with the nations of Western Europe, which had, in his opinion, gone hopelessly wrong. He also seemed drawn to us by Ills admiration for Emerson, Hawthorne, and Lowell. AVherr Pro fessor Norton's edition of Lowell's letters came out, I at once took it to him, and It evidently gave him great pleasure, perhaps because it fe- vmiled to him a civilisation, life, and personality very different from anything to which lie had boon accustomed. Still, America seemed to him a sort or dreamland; he constantly returned to Russian affairs ns to tho great realities of the world. Discussing, as we often did, tho condi tion and future of the wild tribes and 'nations . within the Asiatic limits of the Empire, ho be trayed no desire for crusades or 'Intrigues to convert tbern; he simply spoke of the legitimate Influence of tho Church In civilising them. ; 1 recall a brilliant but denunciatory artclc, published in ono of tho reviews some tlmo since by a well-known Nihilist; which contained, in the midst of various bitter charges against tho Rus- , slan statesman, a description of his smile, which was characterised as forbidding and even ghastly. I watched for this famous smile with much in terest, but it never came. A smile upon his face I have often seen, but it was a gentle, kindly smile, with no trace of anything ghastly or cruel in it. Sucli Is the man who, during the reign of Alexander III. exercised vast power throughout the Russfun Empire; the statesman who stood nearest the throne then, and who apparently stands nearest the throne now. He Is indeed a study. The descriptive epithet which seems to cling to him, "the Torquemada of the nineteenth century," lie once discussed with me in no un kindly spirit — indeed, in as gentle a spirit as can well he conceived. Ills life furnishes a most interesting study in churcbnianship, -in states manship, and in human nature, and shows how some of the men most severely condemned by modern historians— great persecutors, inquisitors, aud the like — may have based their actions on theories the world has little understood, and may have had as little innate ferocity as their more tolerant neighbors. C'OXSTAXTIXE FORHOONOSTZEFF. 