CHURCH OF ENGLAND, TALLAN- GATTA. FOUNDATION CEREMONY. The erection of a fourth church in Tallangatta was formally started on Tuesday last, when the foundation-stone of the Church of England was laid with considerable pomp. For some years past the Anglican body has worshipped iu tho Presbyterian Church. When this edifico was built, in 18S9, an anangement was come to betweon tho Presbyteriaus and the Clmreh of England people wherobv the latter lent the former the sum of £200 for three years, free of interest, in consideration of having tho uso of tho church, vent free, on alternate Sundays; both bodies to sbaro cost of lighting, cleaning, ite. This arrangement was renewed in April, 1S92, hut terminated in July last, since which time the Angli cans have been paying the Presbyteriaus church rent at tho rate of £12 a year. Prior to his doatli (in November, 1890), Mr. Waldemar Dyving oxprcssod a deter mination to mnko a gift to tho Anglican body of an allotment of ground for church building purposes. Mr. Dyringdied with out giving testamentary effect to his lib eral idea, but his executors pnid respect to the deceased gentleman’s wishes by presenting tho church management with si suitable building site. Tho allotment is centrally situated, being nearly opposite tho Herald office, iu tho main street. . Needloss to say, the gift of such a fine .'piece of ground will servo to keep Mr. Dyriug’s memory green in the minds of the Church of England people at Tallangatta. Having obtained n building site, the con gregation put their heads together and decided to expend the monoy they had in band upon tho commendable work of church-building. Accordingly, tho pre paration of plans and specifications was entrusted to Messrs. Laver, Pick and Vance, of Melbourne anil Nnrrnndern. Tho architects submitted dosigns and tenders were invitod in (bio course. At a meoting of the committee of church management held iu January last, the tender of Messrs. Brown Bros., of Tullan gatta, was accepted for building a church according to pluns and specifications adopted, tho contract price being £500 for nave and chancel only; the erection of a vestry and porch having to stand over for awhile. The cost of furniture, fittings, &o.;, which will come later on, is estimated to absorb another £100. It is oxpected that tho church will bo ready for consecration about 1st Juno. ORDER OE SERVICE. Tho ceremony of Tuesday was performed by the Veil. Archdeacon Langley, assisted by the Revs. II. Hitchcock (Wodotiga), F. Vanston (Vackaiidiuidnh), II. M. "Warry (Corryoog), and the stipendiary district reader, Mr. G. A. G. Wade. Thu following honorary readers also adorned tho occasion with their presence, viz., Messrs. II. II. Pield (Beihanga), A. L’E. Martin (Craveiiville). and P. W. Slade (Tallangutta). There was a numerous assemblage of people to witness the cere mony ; about 200 persons being present. A small platform had been erected for tho clmreh choir, Miss Colbert acting as instrumentalist. ■As tli'oarchdeacon and attendant, clergy, attired in full canonicals, left Mr. Blade’s house for the church site, the choir sang,, as n processional hymn. “Onward, Christian rioldiors.” Ecorytliing being, disposed in order, tho service was com menced with a prayer, the vitrsielos being, said by Mi'. Wade "and the people giving tho responses, as fellows: — Our help is in filename of the Lord. • WliO hath mode heaven iiiid ’earth”. Behold,' saith i he Lord, I lay in Eioii a chief corner-stone, elect, precious : And he that belieceth iu Ifim shall not. he confounded. Tile stone which the builders rejected : Is becuiue the head-stone of the corner. This is tho Lord’s doing: And it is marvellous in our eves; Other foundation enu no uuui lay than that ' Which is ,Tokus Christ. Lord, hear oar prayer : And let our cry come auto Thee. Tho archdeacon exhorted tho congre gation as follows:— Dearly beloved in the Lord—It. is ens tomary "in tho erection of public buildings to lay with solemnity some principal stone, to represent the Foundation or Corner-stone. In accordance with this custom, wo are now assembled to lay the Foundation Stone of a building to be dedicated to the special service of God. Let us thou remember how it is written : “ Except the Lord build the house, .their labor is hut lost that build it; except the Lord keep the city, the watchman wiiketli but in vainand let us implore the blessing ,of Almighty God on this our undertaking. After the Lord’s Prayer, the following prayer was offered by the archdeacon :— O Lord Jesus Christ, Son of die Living God, who art the brightness of the Father’s glow, and the express image of his Person ; the 6liief Corner-stone hewn from the moun tain without hands, and the immutable Foundation : bless this stone now to lie laid iu Thy Name: and as Thou art the Begin ning and the End of all tilings, lie now, wo beseech Thee, the beginning, tliu progress, und the consummation of this our work, undertaken.to the glory of Tiiy Holy Name, who, with the Father anil the, Holy Spirit, livcst and reiguest one God, world without end. Amen. Tho choir then sang Psalm lxxxiv., “ How amiable are Thy dwellings, Thou Lord of hosts Tho Rev. Hitchcock read tho following lesson from I. Cor., iii., 9:— We are labourers togotlier with God: ye are God’s husbandry, ye are God’s building. According to the grace of God, which is given unto ino, as a wise master-buildor, I Lave laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man-take.beeil hop' die buildeth thereon. For other 'fOimrbitinn .-can no man lay than that is laid, which is Christ Jesus. Now if any man build upon this foundation, gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubbie : every man's work ahull be made manifest.: for tho day shall declare it, because it shall he revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man’s work of wlmt sort .it is. " After the recitation of tho apostles’ creed by clergy and congregation in unison, the contents of the scroll that had been prepared for placing in the cavity of the stone was reuil aloud by Mr. Coverdule as follows:— Reader's district of Tallangatta, Bethanga, &c.; archdeaconry of Beocliworth, diocese of Melbourne. Tho foundation-stone of this church was laid to the glory of God, in the faith of Christ, by the Venerable Henry Archdalo Langley, archdeacon of Melbourne and Geelong, being iu charge of this part of the archdeaconry of Beeeliwortli, on Tuesday, the 8th day of March, the 1 Itb day of Lent, in tho year of Oar Lord 1898, the 61st year of the reign of Her Majesty, Victoria, our Queen, and the 12th year of tho consecration of Field Flowers, third Lord Bishop of Mel bourne; Geo. Aubrey Calder Wade being reader in charge, and the building committee consisting of William Miles Covordale (sec retary), William Ilowitt Dorringtou, Thomas Ley (treasurer), George Hill, Robert Card well, James Nuzum, Waldemar Thorwald Dyring, William Hied, Joint Shannon, Alfred Tabor, Thomas Hy. Sadlior, Francis AVni. Slade. The' balance- sheet, and statistics of the district for JS97, together with the plan of divine services for tho present quarter, are enclosed horowitk The send 1 was then enclosed in a buttle, which in addition contained a copy of the Upper. Murray and Mitta Herald and current coins,’of- the realm. 'The bottle was placed in the cavity, and the con tractor placed the stone in correct posi tion for the formal lnying. At this stage of the proceedings, Mr. Coverdale, on behalf of the building committeo and tho contractors, presented Archdeacon Langley with a handsome silver trowel, with which to lay the stone. In making the presentation, Mr. Cover dale oxprossed the hopo that the church whoso foundation was to be laid that day would provo an everlasting benefit to tho community. In acknowledging the presentation, the nrehdoncou said he would keep tho trowel, as an interesting memorial oE this solemn occasion. 'i’lio archdeacon then laid tho stono in the usual manuor,' tho following words boiug used:— In the faith of Christ, and with prayor for tho blessing of God, I lay this Foundation Stono of a Church, to be called Christ Church, in tho Name of the Fathor, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The stone (dressed Malmsbury blue- stone) bears the following inscription, in gilt lettering:—‘‘This foundation stone was laid by Ven. Archdeacon Langley, March 8th. 1898.” Tho following hymn was then rendered by the choir:— 0 Lord of hosts, whose glory fills Tho bounds of the eternnl hills. And yet vouchsafes, in Christian lands, To dwell in temples made with hands. Grant that nil wo, who hero to-day ' Rejoicing-this foundation lay,*' " "' - May bo in very deed Thine own. Built on the precious Corner-stone. Endue the creatures witli Thy grace, . That shall adorn Thy dwelling-place; The beauty of the oak and pine, The gold and silver make them Thine. To Thee they all belong: to Thee Tho treasures of the earth and sea; And when we bring them to Thy Throne, AVe but present Thee with Thine own. The heads that guide endue with skill, The hands that work preserve from ill, That we, who these foundations lay, May raise tho topstone in its day. Both now and over, Lord protect The temple of Thine own elect: Be Thou in them, and they in Thee, 0 ever-blessed Tiusrrr! Amen. Tho Her. Yanstou offered up tho fol lowing prayers:— 0 Almighty God, from whom all holy desires, all good counsels, and all just works do proceed; wo give Thee humble thanks that Thou hast put. into the hearts of Thy servants to erect a house for Thy worship. Bless and protect, wo beseech Thee, all who shall labor in this work ; bless all who for it have offered, or shall offer, of their substance to Thee : and grant that, begun in Thy holy Hame, it may, by Thy continual help, he carried on and speedily oompleted, through Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen. 0 Almighty God, oar heavenly Father, 6tmd down, we beseech Thee, Thy blessing upon the Church, which we desire hero to raise to the.glory of Thy holy Name. Grant that by Thy V* ord here taught, we may be guided into all truth; grant that the worship of this plaou may foster in us continually the spiritual life: and grant that through Thy holv Sacraments we may he knit together in the one oonnnunion and fellowship of the mystical body of Jesus Christ our Lord; to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost, ho all honor and glory, world without end. Amen. (TlURC/1 «r fTICLAMD Tallangatta Z/yfcjp. F/o'^mce /Jrchitcctp. Archdeacon Langley then delivered a short address. Ho said : Dear friends, the occasion for which you have gathered together hero to-day is one of more than ordinary importance to yourselves and to the future of the chinch iu this district. The work of church extension has beon going on for many years in this portion of tlie Lord's vineyard; hut you havo hail no local habitation, no church of your own denomination. 1 am glad to see that the time has come which lias been so ardently wished for and (by many, no doubt) so earnestly prayed for—lor talcing the first important step towards building a church of your own in this district. People are often asked *• What is the good of a church ? Can’t you worship ■ God under the open canopy of heaven ?” Yes; we can worship God under ■ the open canopy of heaven, as we are uow. Auil there are timos when tho worship under such conditions would be very convenient. At other times, however, it would not be so. Hut the practice of tho Christian church from time immemorial was to have a place sot apart for the one purpose of worshipping Gml—a place to which people were accustomed to come aud pray. When people enter a house of prayer their thoughts rim in the direction of worship and sorvico of God. His people found it necossary to tho practice of the ordinances of religion to havo a place erected to tho glory of God. .Tho church is the place where young people are admitted early into tho fold of the Lord Jesus Christ, j and receive many spiritual blessings. It j is the place where children are taught the way of Christian life, and are catechised in the way of righteousness. It is the place whore later on they are confirmed by tho Bishop, renew the solemn promises made in their name at baptism, and make a public declaration that they aro followers of Christ. It is also the place wliero people come to he joined in Holy Matri mony, and where prayer is offered that they may receive all happiness in their union. The church is the place for tho congregation of God's ponplo, who as semble Sunday after Sunday, ami arc there taught the way of eternal life. The church is not the door to heaven, for Christ himself is tho door of heaven. But the church serves to show the way to that door. It is the place of instruction in tho faith of tho gospol and as to what it is to be a Christian It is whore tho saernmont of tho Lord’s Supper is offered, and where all may minister to tho gospel. At a time when so many aro laughing at religion, this ceremony to-day uffords evidence that someone is confident in the future of Christianity. It is gratifying to find, in this outside post, so many people prepared to stand up iu the name of the Master, set up His banner uiid iu tho name of God take up a firm stand and possess this laud for Jesus Christ. Hvoiy thing that affects our highest interests and stirs our inmost emotions should gladden us that this building is being erected. There is a considerable amount duo on this building, and I hope our friends are prepared to give something out of the ordinary to help the committee in their undertaking. I am sorry in one way to hnvo to introduce this ever rocurriii" subject of money; and, again, I am not sorry. Our belief in the power of the church for good is evidenced by tho way in which we help it on. If a man boasts of his love for the church and its work, and is not prepared to help the church forward, that man is a liypncrito. I do not liko to call hard names; but when I hear a person talking largely about tho church and applauding its work, and find that man standing aloof when assistance is required, I look upon him as a humbug, and would rather not hear him speak so much. There is an old saying, “Brag is a good dog, but Holdfast is bettor.” Tho steadfast man doos bis business without so much talk. I wish to congratulate iny friends that tho long-delayed day lias at length arrivod. Tho erection of this church will no doubt lead to a forward religious movement all though, tho placo; thoro will he larger congregations and an advancement of God’s Kingdom. I would liko to say a fow words in compli ment to my fellow-worker, Mr. Wade, for doing so much in bringing forward this present movoiuont. Tliero are other gentlemen, who, with Mr. Covordalo, have done dommendable work in this direction. 'But' Mr. Wade is vour minister, and Iwish to say that I have great confidence in him and hope ho will bo long spared to carry on tho work of God. Sealed offerings wore thou placed upon the.stone, and it was announced that the amount would be made known at tho evening sevvico. Tho hymn, “ Saviour, Blessed Saviour,” was rendered by tho choir, and the pro nouncement of tho benediction by tho urchdeucou brought the function to a close. 