MURD1R WILL OCT. thf. MISSING SHEPHERD. (By G. B. BartonA During ' the lively times of 1854, a shepherd on the 'TeaAree Station,' on Lake Korangamite, was missed. He was an Englishman, named Thomas Brook house, rather a small, spare man, nearly 30 years old, with a very noticeable cast of feature. No one who spoke to -»-tn could fail to observe bis projecting jaw and the difficulty- he sometimes had in holding his short clay pipe in. his mouth when he smoked, owing to the loss of a tooth on each side of the under jaw. The manner of his walk, too, was peculiar, being that of a man who always turn ed his toes in. For a shepherd, he was particularly attentive to his 'get-up,' which, usually consisted of a blue woollen shirt over a cotton striped one, corduroy trousers, a silk handkerchief, tied in a sailor's knot round his neck, and laced boots, worn higher up on the leg than usual. . On cold rainy days he donned a sou'-^wester and a pilot coat, relics of the time when he was a sailor. His hut was kept very tidy, and he had no companions but his dog, which was al ways at his heels. A shepherd at that time, who took so much care of himself, was not likely togive way to drink, even when he got his cheque ; and no one about Colac ever saw Tom Brookhouse much the worse for it. Nor was it likely that such a man would neglect his sheep. Tom was noted for bis care of them. He had a flock of fattening wethers in his charge; and happening to miss some on several occa sions, he spoke to the shepherds on a neighboring run about them, asking if they had got into their flocks. While talking with one of these men, named Sharp, he said that he suspected the sheep had been killed by another shep herd on the Tee-tree run— Paddy Geary, who lived with his wife and three chil dren about a mile and a half away. Tom did not relish the idea of being called to account for sheep that somebody els& had made away with. Having made up Bis mind to watch. Geary, he went up to Geary's hut one evening and found fr™ skinning a sheep. Seeing that it was one of his flock, he taxed Geary with having taken that and other sheep which had been missed from time to time, and he wound up by tay Lng, 'Gearv, if you don't leave off this, I'll see you sweat for it' Then he went into the hut, sat by She fire, and began smoking. Brookhouse and Geary had been some years on the run to gether, and had got on fairly well with each other, never having had any serious quarreL Little suspecting the mingled rage and fear bis words had caused in Paddy's mind, he sat smoking, un til het was felled by a blow from the back of an axe on the right side of his head. It fractured the skull, and he fell dead. He was then struck twice on the left side of the head and once on the chest. Alarmed at the consequences of his own mad act, Geary thought to conceal the crime by burning the body ; but, changing bis mind, called to his wife, Margaret, who had rushed out of the hut in horror at what- she had seen, and told her to bring him a bag. When she had brought one he put the body in, then saddled and bridled his horse, and told her to lift the bag up to him, so that he might put it before him on the saddle. Then he rode away till be came to a large stony rise, about a mile and a half from his hut. Dismounting there, he removed the stones arid earth lying on the surface for a space large enough to make a grave, placed the bag and body in the hole, and coveted them over with stones sufficiently, as he *h~^ght, to prevent their being seen by anyone passing by. There was not much chance of strangers making their ap pearance on the run then; if one were seen in the course of two or three months his arrival was considered quite an eyent. Next day Tom Brookhouse's flock, being left to themselves, broke up into mobs, and got scattered. The first per son to notice them was Sharp. Wonder ing what could be the matter, he went over to Tom's hut to see if he was there, but there was no trace of Tom. The breakfast things were on the table — a tin teapot, an earthenware basin, a knife, and half a loaf of bread. Every thing looked as if he had just gone out for the day. His dog was there, and when Sharp went up to the door it howled and ran away. While Sharp was looking about the place Geary appeared, and said he had been to the hut for some mutton, but Tom was not in ; he had gone to Colac a day or two ago, and was probably drinking* 'I am putting his sheep together,' he added. This seemed such a natural explanation that Sharp was satisfied. But as Tom did not turn up next day his absence was reported to hie em plover, Mr. Hugh Murray, who sent in formation to Sergeant Leek, at- Colac. A short inquiry satisfied Leek that the missing man had not been at any of the public-houses, so, taking a constable with him, he rode out to the station. They carefully scrutinised Tom's hut for a due, but nothing could be found. The sergeant and his man then rode to Geary's. When they were within thirty yards they got off their horses, and Leek, leaving them in charge of the con stable, walked up to the' hut Mrs. Geary was there, and after some talk j with her he turned to go. As he came \ out he met her husband, and exchanged good morDing with him. Geary went in, while Leek went round to the back. A minute or two afterwards Leek heard the couple inside talking in angry tones. Mrs. Geary cried out, 'Oh, Pftddy, you murdering wretch; you ought to be hanged '?'' Thinking that he had got a clue here, j the sergeant went round to the front, j where he found Geary at the door. : Coing in, tie asked the wife why she. | used such language. 'Oh, bad ] luck to him.' she replied, 'he's al ways anery : I don't know what to do with him.' Then she broke out into au Irish song. After a while Leek said good-bye, and rode away. He had some idea in his. mind as to what had become of Tom, but at that stage mere suspicion could not count for much. His professional instinct told him that the first step was to find the body, and un til that was done it was bad policy to say anything. It was quite possible that Tom had 'bolted.' It was not unusual for mpn of his class to leave their services without giving notice. The news of Brookhouse's strange dis appearance formed the subject of eager speculation. Opinion was divided, some holding that he bad gone off on his own accord, as Geary always said; and others that he had been put away by someone who had a grudge against him. Among the men who thought this was a shepherd named Wilson, em ployed on a neighboring run, who knew Tom welL A day or two before Tom was missing he had passed by Wilson's hut, and stopped for a chat He said he had just come from Colac, and was going home ; and having Brought two bottles of grog with him, he asked Wilson and his wife to have a nip. They went in for the purpose, and during their con versation he spoke about Geary killing bis sheep. He said nothing that Led them to suppose he had any intention of leaving the station. Three or four days after this meeting Geary rode up to Wilson's hut, and, seeing him at the door, said 'Good day,' to which Wilson replied, 'Well, Paddy, have you heard anything of old Tom t' ''Begad, I have not,' he said ; whereupon Wilson re marked sharply, 'You beggar, you mur dered him.' Geary changed color. l»'it made no 'answer, and rode off. Among the persons who joined in the search was John Lamont, sheep farmer, who was staying with Mr. Murray. He knew Tom well, having seen him pretty often on the run. He rode out to thc Warrion Hills, and as it was late in the evening when he returned, he called ai Geary's, and passed the night there. The conversation naturally turned on the one topic, but the gist of it might be summed up in two lines. 'Geary, I wonder what has become of Brodk house?' To which the reply was, 'I think he has left this part of the coun try.' Local opinion gradually settled down to the conclusion that Tom had gone off to another part af the country. A fresh shepherd was taken on in his place, and became tenant of the hut, and owner of the dog, which had, as the men said, gone howling about the run 'like a wild blackfellow.' The Gearys remained for some months, much ' suspected, and quarrelling more than ever. Paddy then left, giving due notice, and getting his cheque ; but when he went he did not take Mrs. Geary with him, and the talk was that he had deserted her. Mrs. Wilson, having a mind to take Geary's hut, went over to have a gossip with Mrs. Geary about it. 'Why are you leaving, Mrs. Geary?' she asked. 'I can't stop in it any longer, Mrs. Wilson, and I wouldn't advise you to live, in it either.' 'Whv not? What's wrong with it?' 'Well, to tell you the truth, I think it is haunted. Can't sleep a wink in it' 'Oh, nonsense, Mrs. Geary ; ghosts wouldn't come to such a place as this.' 'Wouldn't they? That's all you know about it.' Changing the topic; Mrs. Wilson asked, 'Why did Paddy leave you?' 'The murdering vagabond : I could h*ng him if I liked !' Mrs. Wil son shared her husband's suspicions, but, feeling that she stood on delicate ground, she did not press the subject, and went her way. After Geary's, departure there was nothing left to remind people of Tom, and the question of his fate came to lose interest even among those who had known him best. Geary went to live at Colac, where he remained long enough to become well known. He did not live with his wife ; she went with her chil dren — two girls and a boy— to one *tf her friends. Geary, after he left Colac, roamed about Towards tKe' end of 1868, or H years after the disappearance of Brook house, he went to Piney Range, 35 miles from Albury, on a run belonging to Pat rick Murphy. He gave his name as John Geary : There he met an old chum, Tom Lvnch, who had known him at Limerick, in the old country, and afterwatds in Tasmania, where both were assigned servants. . One day Lynch happened to hear Murphy speak of Geary as John, and in the evening when they were ranofcing in Geary's hut, he said, 'Tat, what's your reason for changing your name?' Their ofal acquaintance made Geary a good deal more confidential than he would have been with a stranger, and, besides that, lags of the olden time usually re garded it as a point of honor not to be tray confidence. They were in the habit of boasting about the crimes they had committed, rather lilting- to paint them selves as desperate and abandoned vil lains. Under the influence of old asso ciations, Geary proceeded to unbosom himself, relating the murder of the shep herd exactly as it took place, and the manner in which he had disposed of the body. Lynch advised him to keep his secret more carefully, or he would get into trouble. Geary, so far from taking the advice, told the same story to his employer, Murphy, who drought the story a yarn. Towards the end of August, 1869, a stone-mason . named Ball was employed by Mr. Andrew Murray — whose brother Hugh was then dead — to build stone walls on the Tea-tree run, not far from the site of Geary's hut — it had been knocked down. He had a boy of 13 with him, a stepson, who amused himself by chasing the rabbits that showed themselves among the grass and scrub. One rabbit- happening to run into a heap of stones on a large rise, he follow ed it, and having marked the place, he began to throw off the loose stones from the top. He had not thrown many away before he saw a number of bones, and, picking up a skull, he called out to his stepfather to 'come and look at the bones ' Ball came up at once, and after he. had examined them, and placed the skull exactly where it had been found, he proceeded to the home station, and informed Mr.. Murray. A messenger was promptly sent to the police station at Colac Mountedcon stable Killen was despatched. Leek had left the force, and become a farmer. Ac companied by Mr. Murray, Killen ex amined the remains, and collected all he could find. The body had been plac ed on its right side, and covered with stones. The uppermost bones had been moved about, but the rest had not been touched, having been covered by large stones. They found a knife, a necktie tied in a sailor's knot, .the broken pieces of a pipe, a bit of strap, and shreds of light material, like the remains of a bag. The bones were taken into Colac. The coroner, Dr. Thomas Rae, submitted them to Dr. Hood, of the same town, and to Dr. Edward Barker, of Melbourne At the inquest held in September the doctors agreed that they were the bones of a white man, 5ft 6in. in height, of slight build, past middle age, who had been dead 10 or 20 years, and that his death hud been caused by fracture of the skulL There were several frac tures!, evidently made by three blows at the same time, one more severe than' the others. On putting the broken piece - of the skull together, it appeared that the deceased had a projecting jaw, two teeth in the lower jaw- bone were wanting, and had been so before hie death. Part of the breast-bone and a rib-bone had been broken at or about the same time that the skull was broken. The fractures had been made with an in strument having a flat surface, such bs the back of an axe. The leg-bones, which were uninjured, showed that the deceased was either knock-kneed or walked with his toes in. Fragments of clothing found with the bones were ex amined under a microscope, and taken to he the remains of a sou'-wester and pilot coat. This evidence left no doubt that the remains were those of the missing shep herd. The jury, after hearing all the evidence, brought in a verdict of wilful murder against Patrick Geary, whose whereabouts wae then unknown. The inquiries of the police might have proved unavailing but for the news papers. The report of the inquest was paragraphed by most of the Victorian journals, and one, the 'Advocate,' chanced to catch Murphy's eye. He was instantly reminded by what he read of the conversation he had had with John Geary 12 or 14 months previously. Geary wae still on the run. It now struck Murphy that there was a good deal more in Geary's yarn than he had suspected. Next time he met the man he told him what he had read. The news seemed to upset Geary, but he said nothing, and went off to his hut Next morning Geary presented himself at the home station, and asked to see Murphy. At this time he had a claim for wages, and aleo for the price of a horse and cart, amounting altogether to over £120. Supposing that Geary had come to talk about his money, Murphy walk ed out with him until Geary stopped short, and said, 'Mr. Murphy, I want you to do me a good turn.' At the same time he put his hand in his pocket, and drew out a pocketbook. 'I expect to be taken every day, and for fear that anything should happen to me, I want you to look after my son.' Murphy replied — 'Geary, I will have nothing to do with you or your book. I should recommend you to go in to Father STEIroy at Albury ; he is a holy man, and he will be the best to ad vise you. I will lend you a horse for the purpose.' Geary seemed excessively disappointed. He said that he would see the priest, and soon after he rode away to Albury. On his return next day he* asked for 'a settlement of his claim. Murphy gave him two bills for £50 each and a cheque for the balance. When, the second bill became due it was not met at the bank, so Geary sued for the money, and also for the amount of a note of hand he had received for the horse and cart at the time they were sold. Their price had been included in the bilk, but Murphy had forgotten to get back the note of hand. Thinking that Geary would not go on with the action, he took no steps to defend it, and suffered judgment to go by default A lawyer's letter demand ing immediate payment annoyed him so much that he said, ' I will put Geary in gaol for murder.' He kept his word by giving information to the Albury police, which led to Geary's arrest. This was in February, 1871. Geary was re manded to Colac in March. While in charge he told the police that Murphy owed him over £100, and that that was the cause of his getting up the case against him. When he was searched a letter was found on. him signed ' Margaret Geary,' written from ' Happy Valley, Ballarat,' aad dated July 16, 1869. Mrs. Geary was soon traced, arrested, and brought up with her husband at Colac. When Dr. Hood had the skull in his hands, and was explaining the fractures, she got excited, and cried out, 'Geary, you mur dered poor old Tom. I put him before you on the saddle. Yonr worships, I helped to put him on the saddle to save my own life.' Geary contented himself by Baying, 'The woman's delirious ; don't mind what she says.' They were committed for trial at the Criminal Sessions in Melbourne. The case came on in November before Judge Pohlman (then an acting Supreme Court judge). Mr. Travers Adameon conducted the prosecution, while Mr. EGckman Mblesworth appeared for Geary, and Mr. Sirr for the wife, who wag indicted as an accessory after the fact Counsel made the best defence possible, but Geary's own admissions added to the cir cumstantial evidence were too much for him. But for those admis sions, the judge said, in pas sing sentence, the jury would have found the case difficult to deal with, the identification of the body not being positive. When Judge Pohlman pronounced the final words, 'May the Lord have mercy on your soul !' Geary was heard to say, 'Amen; this is the last of poor Patrick.' He was executed in December. The wife was acquitted. — Melbourne 'Australasian.' 