REVIEWS. "Plain Living," by Rolf Boldrew.ood; Mac- millan and Co., Ltd., London. ; Rolf Boldrewood's latest literary venture may at least justly be praised for one thing —its freedom from those almost inevitable hc-rrors which seem to constitute the .stock- in-trade of so many Australian writers. Here Is neither battle, murder, nor sudden death; no gory ghosts gibber In these pages; no crime- stained suicide makes his last dying speech and confession per favour of the au thor; no one dies, waterless, in the "Never Never;" we are not once called upon to shudder while the crows pick out the eyes ol dying, starving men, whose belts are stuf fed with gold and rubles, and there isn't a single haunted hut-keeper or shepherd In the whole 18 chapters. The story Is perfectly pure, wholesome, and conventional. It in troduces us to the usual Australian squat ter, drought, overdraft, and the Inevitable bank-manager who presses for payment at th-j most inconvenient moment. Then the "deus ex machina" appears In the shape of the manager of a benevolent, agency, who gives the squatter a cheque and terms, and gaily assumes the overdraft. Forty- eight hours' continuous rain alters the whole po sition, and the very next day the squatter experiences one of those torrents of phe nomenal good luck so common in novels, so rare in real life — he comes Into an enor mous fortune. So Impressed, however, Is he with the corroding nature of lucre on the youthful mind that he keeps the secret of his wealth not only from his children, but from the loved and trusted wife of his bo som, .nd brings his young people up in comparative poverty, and to "plain living." How the experiment answers the reader must leorn for himself.' "Traits and Confidences," by the Hon. Emily Lawless; Methuen and Co., London. It is possible a title hardly helps an au thor much with the modern reviewer, what ever might have been the case half a cen tury ago. So much literary rubbish has been shot under the aegis of British titles that some suspicion of titled authors seems jus tified. But tse Hon. Emily Lawless can well afford to stand on her merits. "Traits- and Confidences" can hardly be called a col lection of short stories, though the book con tains one or two excellent stories. It con tains also essays and sketches, and sketches, essays and stories are all Irish" or connected with Ireland. The author displays a consi derable amount of that Celtic humour which so closely trenches on melancholy, and writes graphically and at times with con siderable power. A very spirited sketch of a chapter in Irish history is entitled "How Art Iiavanagh, of Wexford, fought Richard the King;" but for literary merit the story or sketch "After the Famine" takes the palm. Altogether an excellent, Interesting, though unpretentious little work, -wrfeh. we can cor dially recommend, '.'When Fasslo'ri Flies," by Gerald Wolf. This. is an Australian book; that is, the scene of the story is chiefly in Australia. It seems, therefore, almost superfluous to add that the narrative is tragic and morbid. Why Is it that so many Australian wx-Iters persist in viewing life through the murky atmosphere of a profound melancholy? Are bright blue skies and glorious sunshine naturally produc- nvt? vj. jjcooiiiuaiii, ur uu iriusi, iAUStrulian writers of Action suffer from liver, and If so, why? The story under notice Is neither bad ly written nor uninteresting. Still, one may wonder for what purpose It was written. It certainly presents no remarkable types of character, and no remarkable incidents. Briefly, it may be thus summed up: A girl marries a man whom she does not love, clijef- ly, apparently, because he catches her sud denly in his arms and kisses her. He turns out a bad lot, drinks, and makes himself ob jectionable. Another man, whom the young lady seems to think she loved, or loves, turns up, and eventually— though number two seems to imagine hlmBelf a most moral per" son, and never discovers what a cold-drawn prig he Is until It Is too late— she persuades him to run away with her. No. 1 does not seem to trouble himself much, but employs an Inelegant leisure in getting drunker. Soon No. 2 has qualms of conscience; after which there, are two of the, good old tragedies,- or horrors, previously referred to. Gerald Wolf, who Is not without literary talent, might cer tainly, and with advantage to himself and readers, attempt a more lively theme. Life Is not all desert; there are oases. ."Loraine and Other Verses, by George Essex Evans. We are Inclined to think that Mr. Evans Should take higher rank than some recently published Australian verse-makers. Some of the verses under notice are excellent; but they are, as is only to be expected, of un equal merit. When the singer has anything In the shape of a story to tell, he. tells It well, and melodiously. He can deal tunefully with fapts, When, however, he strays Into the misty region of metaphysics he is riot altogether so satisfactory. The tale which gives its title to this collection of verse is admirably told, and may, In the Jargon of the day, be described as "thrilling"; that it is very tragic goes , perhaps without -saying as most Australian verse, like too much Aus- tralian prose, is norribie, except wnen it is horsey.. Among the shorter verse, "A Song' of the Press," "The Splendour and the Curse of Song," and "Dropt From the Ranks," seem to us alike the most natural and the most healthy of the collection. Mr. Evans evi dently regards society In general as In. a very bad way — but most poets, major and minor, have, or .affect, this opinion— and look to ''science" for the redemption and regeriera- , tlon of mankind. . . The abovementioned books have! been sent to us by George Robertson and Co. 