sermons m temperance. 0*i Sunday morning Rev. Burton prea died on "Temperance" in St,Andrew's Church. He took for lua text And bavo no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprova them. For it is a shame even to speak of those things ^which arc uono of them in secret,!'—Ephesians, Chapter v.-13.-12. Ti\e» preacher pointed out tho Apostle only addressed a mere fraction of the people around him. People had to mix with those around them, before they could have fellowship with them. They might meet people in tho street or in social circles. and. yet have nothing in common wicl. them. There may be a great ttulfi between them ami their neighbours-. Any objeet which brought two.cr more people together would have aril influence for good or evil. There would be a levelling - up or a levelling down. Like the lone band of Ephesians there were few of them who bowed to Christ; fow who did ncs lenore linn not only as a Saviour, , but as a Teacher and as a Guide.They were but a fraction of the whole. It they were firmly resolved to accept the sacrifice of Christ and go forward serving. Him» , they must do so with their eyes open. There was no use in taking resolves uiless they were prepared to keep then:. While their lives werb mixed up with others they were told, to have no calling with those who frequent the ways of darkness and those who go the unfruitful way. Druukncss was a crime, responsible for poverty and misery, " Whatsoever a man- sowcth that shall ho also reap " ; if a man sowed drunkness he should reap bodily ills.. When the Apostle referred to it as " unfruitful " it indicated that ihey must have something to show for their time and their efforts. The fruits of the spirit were lighleoustiess, peace, and purity. Never was the deed of charity done that did not bear fruit — good,fruit. By no possibility could they be fruitful by association with drunkall who associate with them comet!: away without a whisk of straw, much loss g. sheaf, Instead cf associating with dumkness they should reprove it. How great a reproof it would sometimes bs to hold aloof from it? If they were compelled to witness it unwillingly they could always mark their disapproval. Were they not,bound to fight mini'uHy against the -sip. of the world ? If they failed to.boar witness for Christ they would lose an occasion for striking one good blow. An the words of the Ap>stlo it was shameful thit there should be occasion to have- to spoalc so strongly of this evil ; that (here should be so much occasion to wage an unflagging war against it. If they could only realise more and, more the shame of it, and strive mere earnestly with their brethern, and plead with thorn for their own peace and salvation, they might be messengers for gooa. On Sunday evening Rev. A. Burton again directed his remarks to Temperm o e H e took: as his, text 1 What? 1 Rnuw ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, which is in yon,., which ye have of God, and ye are not your own P For ye are bought with a price : therefore, glorify God in your body, and in. your spirit, which are GoJ's.— I Corinthians, chap. vr.-19-20. These.- words contained the theme upon which- he would enlarge. The central truth was Ye are n®t your own." The su'ojeotof.Temperance was a difficult one to treat.. It might.be approached in a political way. They might be inclined A to look to law-makers and the law for help, when it was their own weak.forces which* were to blame. The law fn m the time it was given to man from Mount Sinai was.ever found wanting by some. JL much .esteemed priest of this diocese B says-the local laws are sufficient, provided they, were used to the proper extent. A That person had done what he could to prevent th-2 granting of licenses in Perth, where they were not necessary, by means of the law ; thi.a of course was in his own parish. It was gratifying to find that at: Esperance the police furnished all the opposition to applications. for licenses, that was needed. The fulfilment of the law of love which says " Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself " entailed their duty. in.tins, matter. They should look at it honestly-as it effected them, and as it effected others. If it put a stumblia.. block m a brother's way they should Interest themselves in it and try to prevent it. It was their d\ity to give such opposition as they could to supplying'iifttives with liquor,Sunday trade,and the leading of. persons to dr.uk with a •view t-o. endue in g them to spend their money.. Person?.; had informed htm thai such things were done, but immediately he hinted at exposure their months were closed with a snap. Was it that they fadfd to realise the law " Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself." He would rather-.not hear such aspersions laid if they could' not be laid at the door ot an individual,. The blacks were suopIiedS with-, liquor here, men were read:; drunk on Sundays, nnJ, if the testimony of a, neighbour was trustworthy, men had been given poisonous liquor with a view to their spending Vus-lr little lot of wealth,. The police had tried to reach the offenders, but they failed. Porsona who were tnvare of these proceedings remained silent : sure!}' they would not remain silent if ihey saw robbors robbing a man. They should learn the cruth of the text, " Ye are not your own, your bodies are members of Christ.'.' Some could not enjoy a convivial meeting on account of the drurikness there, otheis were inclined to treat the matter as harmless, because they had never been brong ht to drunkness themselves. Things were not what they seemed. A drunken man staggers m amongst a gathering and interrupts tho speaker.* and a general laugh is the result, because such a one seems to be a clown. and he seems ludicrous. Bat thero is a home to which one such returns; thero is a wife with scant luiiury ; . theis arc children to be clothed. As ho returns he becomes surly and scowles and uses angry words. Tha children who require training are forced to look upon their father as an-object of degradation. He has broken his sacred vows, Surely they could not laugh if they looked aoborly nt- t/io truth. Surely they could understand that in preaching against intemperance lie did; so chief;y to those.-whose lives could influence these who were habitually intemperate., Some made it a point of keeping, sober always, axeept on great occasions, such as on Christmas, days, birthdays, and at weddings. Sin with deliberation is the most off nsive. If the few of them who were tliore that night would realise the importance of acting rigidly in tho nutter it might almost be stamped out in their town, If they thought this an exaggeration, it was because they did not know the power of a determined body of men and women, aud they did not thoroughly realise their duty to God. They had much to do in order that their brethren might lead sober, righteous, and godly lives. Lot them rigidly the sin neigh- themselves and rebuke it in their bours. 