THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possossed by certain natives of India, who live up among tho Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the Btudy of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a Qermau professor visited the ' adepts,' as these queer lliudus are called, for the purpose of finding out tho secret of their remarkable performances. They, treated him rather scurvily, but interested bim all tbe same. One day the professor wautod to examiue some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as tho bottom of a well. ' I can't see to road, here,' said the visitor. 'Then we will have some light,' was tho reply, aud immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality — it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learuiug and high character, aud you who now read, it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or un belief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at tho account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of tho Coek Lane ghost. A man who has been ill forj'ears, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which thoy believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example : ' Iu the Spring of 1888,' writes our Corres pondent, ' I fell into a low, weak, and languid stato. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, niyappe-. tite poor, nnd after eating I had pain aiid weight at the chest. I wns much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off , aud on, I continued iu this way forN two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last 1 beard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had takeu only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel auy confidence , in this medicine, never having used it or seen- it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor aud outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8, 1893.' There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the atory about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but ib cannot bo verified without more trouble than ib is worth. On the other hand we havo a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and oan be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease — indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happi ness over hearths and homes where illuess and pain had oast Buch dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 