Notes. There was an immense audience to see the revival of ' The French Maid ' at Her Majesty's on Satur day night. It filled eveiy bit of room, standing and otherwise, in the theatre. The English cricketers were there, and bo were various theatre parties, but the motive which drevr the great crowd was chiefly a desire to Bee Miss Ada Reeve and Mr. Gilbert in the parts created here by Miss Wiiloughby and Mr. Shand, and throughout the evening fierce controversy raged for and against. Mies Reeve wets the original Suzette in the London production, but that availed little with the Sydney audience, to whom Misa Wiiloughby had been the original. It is inevitable that the first artist seen in any part will have a great advantage. His or her personal peculiarities will be so inextricably mixed mm but? ^ixaia^bVJ. uiai bucry » m L*t? Laa&u; jlve a J^a.1 1 of it. So it is that Miss WiDoughby's prcttinesses, piquancy, and captivating childish ness are looked ou as a part of Suzette. Miss Heave is the better singer, better daucer, and better artist, and she made a great success, but she did not shake the faith of a great part of the house in what was to them the ' original.' Mr. Gilbert in London played the part Mr. Coleman has developed so admirably here, so that it was somewhat trying to him to follow Mr. Shand, whose personal appearance exactly suited the role of a handsome dare-devil sailor- boy Mr. Shand had such an easy style and pleasant voice that he seemed to romp through the part. Mr. Gilbert plays it in distinctly different fashion, very cleverly, with much new business, and Borne telling songs and dances, but the mass of the audience still prefer their first love. As performers, apart irom any question of comparisons, which in this caae are inevitable, Miss Eeeve and Mr. Gilbert became decided favourites, and they had great reception!. Mr. Oolenmn has added to his imper EOnation of the waiter many new and telling touches which make it more than ever the star part of the production, and one of the beet things of ths kind we have Been. MisB May Pollard replaced Miss Wray (now living with her husband at Auckland) as Dorothy Travers, and introduced 'I was Dreaming' effectively, and Mrs. Bryer was the new Lady Hawser. She played her as an aggresssive low comedy person, very unlike an admiral's *vife, but a very effective foil. As for the other parts Mr. Peachy, Mr. Howard Vernon, Mr. Lissant, and Mr. Berkeley were admirable, and Mr. Whelan, as one of the waiters, got so many recalls for his remarkable imitations of well-known per formers that it Beemed as though the audience would uot let the zest of the performance go on. Mr. Wil liamson has fixed March. 6th for Mr. Wilson Barrett's opening at Her Majesty's with ' The Manxman,' a* the initial bill. The Hegelmannjs have proved a great success at the Tivoli, Their ' turn ' is brief but highly sensa tional. Bars are fixed in the dome of the audi torium, and on these tho gymnasts hang by their feet, their heejs, apparently by any part which happens to strike the bar, and throw each other into space. Just when annihilation seems imminent the flying figure is caught bya third performer hanging from the furthest bar. While in these aerial flights the performers turn over and over and turn them selves round in most sensational fashion. Then Mr. Michael Nolan, a gentleman with an unctuous wogue, to which a Sydney prees critic took excep tion as not Irish, sings Irish songs to gieat applause sightly. One may join in his own wonderment at any doubt being cast on such a brogue. Mr. Austin Budd, Miss Hazel) and others are there to keep up the comio interest, and Mr. Kewbury and Miss Alice Simmons the interests of pure music. Mr. Newbury hks just hit the popular taste in a rival of the tuneful Spanish student song, ' L'Studiaatina.' 'Man to Man' at the Lyceum is to give way to ' A Sailor*6 Love ' this week, ' The Babes in the Wood ' finished its six weeks* ran at Her Majesty's last week. On the last night the comedians were allowed to run riot with ludicrous effect. Messrs. Gilbert, Coleman, and Burke stele each other's jokes, and Bprang new business ' on each .other in most demoralising fashion. In these exchanges Mr. Burke generally got the best of it by superior audacity. For instance, after his alain 'dummy' was hurled into the stream by his brother 'ruffian,' 7*' a. Cowman, his ghost ia supposed to rise thrpoga a trap, but M r. Gilbert as tha ' Wicked Baroa » got to tho trap first, and ca^e v ~ r -t\ and could not ting, especially when Mf- Cole man appeared at the wings with the stage rain and thunder. In another scene Mr. Burke appeared high up on the waterfall with a billy getting a drink. In the ' bird ballet,' instead of the fairy, who is supposed to rise on a mushroom, Mr. Coleman appeared astride of the vegetable ' etill smoking,' and Mr. Burke turned up also, and insisted on taking part in the ballet in elephantine fashion. Over and aver again the new business convulsed both chorus and principals. Mr. Coleman, who was to have gone to America, has re newed his engagement- with 'the Firm' instead. Mr. Burke left for San Francisco on Monday to fulfil engagements in the 'Orpheum' variety circuit, beginning March 14. Miss Leamar has gone to London. Mr. Athas and Miss Collins, who have been play ing at the Tivoli, left by the Moana for America on Monday. The Thornton Company brought their Criterion season to a close on Saturday night, and on Monday left for New Zealand via Hobart. Mr. Newbury's indignation at the hooting of a small knot of the Tivoli ' gods ' on a recent occa sion, and his indignant declaration that he would not sing there again, did not prevent his continuing to appear. On each subsequent; occasion he has bad a great reception from the audiences, which have completely drowned any stray hoots that the few ill conditioned soreheads in the gallery have indulged in. Mr. J, C. Williamson has so many important ven tures on in both capitals just now that when up for a couple of days last week he said : ' I shall be living in the express train for sometime now.'* Sir Henry Irving has produced at the Lyceum a new play by his son Laurence Irving, with *Peter the Great as hero and the slaughter of hii son as motive. Mr. Irving makes Peter's absorbing passion a desire that his son should be a ruler after his own heart, but the son is a weakling, who cares nothing for an ideal he cannot attain, and so the father dooms hjm to the executioner. The play seems tD be very poor stuff, magnificently staged, yet the critics, as a whole, show their habitual com placency with regard to the Irving cult. The 'Timea' notice is the least eulogistic. It is apologetic. 