MILDRED. By Mrs. MARY J. HOLMES. V CHAPTER I. — (Continue!.),) The twelve young Van Brunts sleeping in their three trundle bods, had enlarged her motherly heart, just as the Judge's lonely con dition had shrivelled his, and, kneeling down, she look tho woe thing in her arms, called it a -'little honey,' and then, woman-like, examined its dress,, which was of the finest material, and trimmed with costly lace. ' It's none of your low-dung truck,' she said. 1 The edgin' on its slip cost a- heap, aod its petti coats is all worked with Hobs.' ' Petticoats be banged I' roared the Judge. ' Who cares for worked petticoats V The ques tion is,' what are we to do with it ?' ' Do with it ?' repeated Rachel, huggiDg it closer to her boBoin. ' Keep it, in course. 'Pears like it seems mighty nigh to tne,' aud she gavo it another squeeze, this time uttering a faint outcry, for a sharp point of something had ponetratod through the thin folds of her ging ham dress. ' Thar's somethin' fastened to 't,'> she said, and, removing the blanket, she saw a bit of paper pinned to Hie infant's waist, ' This may 'splain the matter,' she continued, passing it to the Judge, who read, in the same hand writing as tho letter: ' God prosper you, Judge Howell, in proporliou us you are kind to' my baby, whom I have called Mildred.' ' Mildrod I' repeated the Judge ; Mildred be ' He did not' finish tho sentence, for he seamed to hear far back in the past a voice much like hie own, saying aloud : ' I, Jacob, lake thee, Mildred, to be my wedded wife.' Tho Mildrod taken then in that shadowy old church had been for years a loving, faithful wife, and another Mildred, too, with starry eyes and nut-brown hair had flitted through his halls, calling him herfather. The Maine woman must surely have known of this when Bhe gave her offspring the only name in tho world which could possibly have touched the Judge's heart. With a perplexed expression upon his face', he etood rubbing his hands together, while Rachel launched forth into a stream of baby-talk, like that with which she was wont to edify . bar twelve young blackbirds. 'For Heaven's sake, stop that 1 You fairlv turn my stomach,' said the Judge, as Bhe added the finishing touch by calling the child ' a pessus 'ittle darlin' dumpliu' !' 'Yon women are precious big fools with babies !' ' Wasn't Miss Milly just as silly as auy on us?' asked Rachol, who knew his weak point; ' and if she wero here to-night, instead of over Jordan, don't yon believe she'd take the little critter as For own ?' ' That's nothing to do with it,' returned the Judge. 1 The question is, how shall we dispose of it— lo-nigbl, I mean, for. in the morning I shall see about its being taken to the poor- house.' ' The poor house!' repeated Rachel. 'Ain't it writ on that paper, ' The Lord sarve you and youru as you sarve her and hern ? Thar's a warnin' in that which I shall mid ef you don't. The baby ain't n-goin' to the poor- bouse. I'll take it myself first. A hen don't scratch no harder for thirteen than she does for twelve, and though Joe nin'l no kind o' count, I can manage somehow. Shall I consider it mine ?' 'Yos, till morning,' answered the Judge, who really had no definite idea as to what he intended doing with the helpless creature thus forced upon him against his will. He abhorred children, — he would not for anything have one abiding in his house, and especially this one of so doubtful parentage; still he was not quite inclined to cast' it off, and he wished there was some one with whom to ad vise. Then, as he remembered the expected coming of his boo, ho thought, ' Richard will tell me what to do !' and, feeling somewhat relieved, he returned to his chamber, while- Rachel hurried off to her cabin, where, in a few words, \- sho explained the matter to Joe, who, being naturally of a lazy temperament, was altogether too sleepy to manifest emotion of any kind, and was soon snoring as loudly as ever. In his rude pine cradle Finn was sleeping, and once Rachel thought to lay the stranger baby with him ; but, proud as she wus of her color and hor youngest horn, too, sho felt that there was a dividing line ovoi- which Bhe must not pass, bo Finn' was finally removed to the pillow of his sire, tho cradle re-arranged, and tho baby carefully lain to rest. Meantime, on his bedstead of rosewood, Judge Howell tried to sleep, but all iu vain were his attempts to woo the wayward goddess, and lis lay awake until the moon, struggling through the broken clouds, shoneupon the floor. Then, in the distance, he heard the whistlo of tho night express, and knew it was past midnight. ' I wish that Maine woman had been drowned in PaBsamaquoddy Bay 1' said he, rolling his pillow.into a ball and beating it with .his fist, ' Yos, I do, for I'll bo hanged if I want to be bothered this way 1 Hark I I do believe she's prowling ronnd the house yet,' he continued, as lie thought he caught the sound of a footstep upon the gravollod walk. He was not mistaken in the sound, and he was about getting up for the third, and, as ho swore to himself, the last time, when aloud ring of the boll, and a well-known voice, calling : ' Father ! father! let me in,' told him that not the Maine woman, but his own Bon, Richard, had come. Hastening down the stairs, he unlocked the door and Richard Howell stepped into the hall, his boots bespattered with mud, his clothes, wet with the heavy rain and his face looking haggard and pale by the dim light of the lamp his father carried in' his hand. 'Why. Dick!' excluimed the Judge, 'what nils you ? You are as while as u ghost.' 'lam tired, and sick,' was Richard's reply. ' I've scarcely slept for several weeks.' ' Been watohing ' with Hetty, I dare say,' thought the Judge; but he merely said : ' Why didn't you come at seven, as you wrote you would?' 'I .couldn't' conveniently,' Riohard replied: ' and, as I was anxious to get here as soon as possible, I took the night express, and have walked from tho depot. But what is that ?' he continued, ns lie entered the sitting-room, aud saw the willow-buskot standing near the door. .'Dick,' uud the Judge's voice dropped to a nervous whisper — ' Dick, if you'll behove me, some itiferunl Moine woman has had a baby, and left it on our steps. She wrote first to know if I'd take it, but the letter was two weeks coming. I didn't gut it until to-night, ond, as I suppose she was tired of waiting, she brought it along right in the midst of that thunder-shower. Bhe might have known I'd kick it into tho stroet, just ns I said 1 would — the trollop!' 'Oh, father 1' excluimed the more humane young man, ' you surely didn't treat the innocent child so cruelly 1' ' No, I didu't, though my will was good enough,' nuswerod the father. 'Just thiuk of the scandalous reports that are certain to follow. It will be just like tliot gossiping Widow Sitnms to get up some confounded yarn, and involve us both, the wretch ! But I sha'n'l keep it — I shall send it to the poorliouse.' Aud, by way of adding umphusis lo his words, ho guvo the bushel a shove, which turned it bultoiu side up, and scutiorud over, .the floor sundry articles of baby-wear, which had before escaped his observation. Among theso was a tiny pair of red morocoo shoes; the ' Maine woman,' as he eails her, had been thoughtful both fur tho presont and future warns of her child. ' Look, father;' said Riohard, taking thetn' up nnd holding thelnto the light. '.They, are just iito tliQse sister Mildred ascd to wear, Jou know mother saved them, because they were the first ; and you have them still in your private drawer.' Richard had touched a tender chord, und it vibrated at once, bringing to his father memories of a little soft fat. foot, which had once been encased in a slipper much like tho one Richard held in his hand. The patter of that foot hud ceased forever, and the soiled, worn shoo was now a sacred thing, eveu though tho owner had grown up to beautiful womanhood era her home was made desolate. ' Yes, Dick,' he said, as he thought of all this. ' It is like our dear Milly's, and what is a little mysterious, the baby is called Mildred, too. It was written on a bit of paper, and pinnod upon the dress.' ' Then you will keep her, won't you ? and Beeehwood will not be so lonely,' returned Richard, continuing after a pause, ' Where is she, this, little lady ? I am anxious to pay her my respects.' ' Down with Rachel, just where she ought to be,' said tho Judge ; and Richard rejoined, ' Down with all those negroes ? Oh, lather, how -could you ? Suppose it were your child, would you want it there ?' ' The deuce take it— 'taiu't mine— there ain't a drop o( Howell blood in its veins, tho Lord knows, and as for my lying awake feeding swoetened milk to that Maine woman's brat, I won't do it, and that's the end of it. I won't; I say — but I know.'t would be just like you to -want me to keep it. You have the most un accountable taste, and always had. Thero isn't another young man of your expectations who woti'd ever have cared for that ' ' Father,' and Richard's hand was laid upon tho Judge's arm. ' Father, Hetty is dead, and we will let her rest, but if she had lived, 1 would have called no othor woman my wife.' ' And the moment you had called her so, I would have disinherited you, root and branch,' was the judge's savage answer. ' I would have seen her and you aud your children starve before I would have raised my hand. The heir of Beeehwood marry Hetty Kirby ! Why, her father was a blacksmith and her mother a factory girl— do you hear ?' Richard made no reply, and striking another light, he went to bis chamber, where varied and bitter thoughts kept him wakeful until tho Sep tember sun shone lipon the wall and told him it was morning. In the yard below he heard the Bound of Rachel's voice, and wbb reminded by it of the child leit there tho previous night. He would see it for himself, ho said, and making a hasty toilet ho walked leisurely dowu tho well- worn path which led to the cottage door. The twelve were all awake, and as he drew near a novel sight presented itself to his view. In the rude pine cradle the baby lay, while over it the elder Van Brunts were bending, engaged in a hot discussion as to which should liavn ' the little whits nigger for their own.' At the ap proach of Richard their noisy clamor ceased, and the.v fell back respectfully as ho drew near the cradle. Richard Howell was exceedingly fond of children, and more than one of Rachel's dusky brood had he held upon his lap, hence it was, perhaps, that he parted so gently the silken rings of soft brown hair clustering around tho baby's brow, smoothed tho velvety cheek, and even kissed the parted lips. The touch awoke the child, who seemed intuitively lo know that the face bending so near to its own wa3 a friendly one, and when Richard took it in his arms it offered no resistance, but rather lovingly nestled its little head upon his shoulder, as lie wrapped its blanket carefully about'it and started for the houso. CHAPTER I-L villagk gossip. Little Mtldred lay iu the willow basket, w here Richard Howell had placed hor when he brought her from the cabin. Bclwuon himself and father there had been a spirited controversy as to what should be done with her, the one insisting that sho should be sent to the ponrhons, and the other that she should stay at Beeehwood. The discussion lasted long, and they were still linger ing at the breakfast table when Rachel came iu, her appearance indicating that she was the bearer of some important message. ' If you pleaso,' sho began, addressing herself to tho Judge, ' I've jest been down to Cold Spring after a bucket o' water, for I feel mighty like a strong cup of hyson this mornin', bain' I was so broke of my rest, and tho pump" won't make such a.ctipnsCold Spring ' ' Never mind the pump, but como to the point at once,' interposed the Judge, glancing toward the baskot with a presentiment th at what she had to tell concerned the little Mildred. ' Yes, that's what I'm coining to, ef 1 ever get thar. You see, I ain't an atom gossipy, but bain' that the Thompson door was wide open and: looked invitin' like, I thought I'd go in a minit. and after filltn' my bucket with water — though come to think on't, I ain't sure I had filled it — had I ? Let mo seo— I b'lieve I had, though I ain't sure——' Rachel was extremely conscientious, and no amount of coaxing could have tempted her to go on until she had settled it satisfactorily as to whether the bucket was filled or uot. This tho Judge know, and ho waited patiently until she decided that ' the bucket was filled, or else it wasn't, one or t'other,' any way, she left it on the grass, she said, and went into. Thompson's, whore sho found Aunt Hepsy 1 choppin' cabbage and snappin'-at the hoy with the twisted feet, who was catohiug flies on the winder.' 1 1 didn't go iu to tell 'em anything particular, but when Miss Hawkius, in the bedroom, give n kind of lonesome ttillte, which I knew was for dead Bessy, I thought I'd speak of our new baby that come last night in the basket ; so I told 'otii how't yon wauted to send it to the poor- house, but I wouldn't let you, and was goin' to nttss it and fetch it up as my own, and then Miss Hawkins lookod up kinder, sorry-like, and says, " Rather than puller that, I'll take it in place of my little Bessy." ' ' You or'to of seen Aunt Hepsy then— but I didn't stay to hear hor blow. I clipped it home as fust as ever I could, uud loft my bucket settin' by the spring.' ' So you'll havo uo diflionlty in ascertaining whether you filled it or not,' slyly suggested Riohard. Thori, turning to his father, ho con tinued, ' It strikes me fnvorub1 v, this letting Hannah Hawkins take tho child, inasmuch as you arc so prejudiced against it. She will.be kind to it I'm sure, and 1 shall go dowu to see her at ouoe.' There was something so cool and determined in Richard's manner that the Judge gave up tho ooutest without another word, and silently watohpd his son as lis hurried along the beaten path whioh led to. the Gobi Spring. Down the hill, and where its gablo roof was just discernible from the windows of the Beech- worth mansiou, stood the low, brown house, whioh for many years had boen tenanted by Hezekiah Thompson, und which; alter his decease, was still occupied by Hepsabuh, his wifo. Only oue child had boon givon to llepsa- bfth — a geutlo, bliie-e.ved daughter, who, after six years of happy wifehood, returned lo her mother — a widow, with two little fatherless children, oue a lame, unfortunate liov and the other a beautiful little girl. Toward the boy with the twisted feet, Aunt Hepsy, as she was called, lookod askituce, while ali the kinder feelings of hor Datura seemed culled into boing by tho sweet, winniug ways of the baby Bessy ; but wbeu oue bl ight September day they laid the little ouo awn.y benculh tho autumnal grass, aud came buck to their homo without her, she steeled her heart ugaiust tiie entire world, and the wretched Qaunah wept on her louelv pillow, imoheered by a single word of comfort, save those her little Oliver breathed into her ear. Just odo week Bessy had lain beueath the ; maples when Rachel bore to the cottage news of the strauge child left at tho master's door, and instantly Hannah's heart yearned towards the i heljfless infant, which shq offered to take for her own. At first her mother opposed the plan, but when she saw how determined Hannah was she gavo if up, and in a most unatninble frame of mind was clearing her breakfast dishes away, when Richard Howell appeared, asking to see Mrs. Hawkins. Although a few years older than himself, Hannah Thompson had been one of Richard's earliest playmates and warmest friends. He knew her. disposition well, and knew she could be trusted ; and when sho promised to love the little waif, whose very helplessness had interested him iu its behalf, he felt sure that she would keep her -word. Half-. an hour later aud Mildred lay sleeping in Bessy's cradle, as calmly as if she were not the subject of the rno3t wonderful surmises and ridiculous conjectures. On ths wings of the wind the story flew that a baby had been left on J udgo Howell's steps — that the J udge had sworn it should be sent to the poorhouse ; while the sod, who came home at twelve o'clock at night, covered with mud and wet to the skin, had evinced far raoro interest in tho stranger than was at all commendable for a boy scarcely ont of his teens. ' But there was no tallin'wh it young bucks would do, or old ones either, for that matter 1' so, at least, said Widow Simms, the Judge's bug bear, as she donned her shaker and palm-leaf shawl,, and hurried across the fields in the direc tion of Beeehwood, feeling greatly relieved to find that tho object of her Bearch was farther down the htl), for she stood somewhat in awe of' the Judge and his proud sod. But, once in Haunah Hawkins' bedroom, with hor' shaker on the floor and tho baby on her lap, hei tongue was loosened, and scarcely a person in tho town who could by any possible meaDs have been at .all connected with the affair, escaped a malicious cut. The infant was then minutely examined, and pronounced the very imago of the Judge, or of Captain' Harrington, or of Deacon Snyder, she could uot tell which, ' But, I'm bound to find out,' she said ; I sHa'n't rest easy nights tili I do.' . Then, suddenly remembering that a kindred spirit, Polly Dutton, who lived some distance away, had probably not heard the news, she fastened her palm-leaf shawl with her broken- headed darning-needle, and bade Mrs. Hawkins good-morning just as u group of other visitors was anuoiinced. All that day, and for many succeeding ones, the cottage was crowded with curious people, who had come to seo the sight, and all ot whom offered an opinion as to the parentage of tho child. For more than four, weeks a bevy of old women, with Widow Simms and Polly Dutton at their head, sat upon the character of nearly every person the.v knew, aud when, at last, the sitting was ended, and tho verdict rendered, it was found that none had passed the ordeal so wholly unscathed as Richard Howell. It was a little strange, they udmitted, that he should go to Kiah Thompson's cottage three times a day ; but, then, ho had always been extremely fond of children, and it was but natural that he should take an interest in this oue, particularly as his father had set his face so firmly against it, swear ing heartily it its name wero mentioned in his presenee, and even threatening to prosecu-e the Simms if she ever again presumed to say that the hrat resembled him or his. With a look of proud disdain upon his hand some, boyish face, Richard, who, on account of his delicate health, had not returned to college, heard from time to time what the gossiping villagers had to say of himself, and when, at last, it was told to him that he was exonerated from all blame, and that some had even predicted what the result would be, were his interest in the baby to continue until she were grown to womanhood, he burst into a merry laugh, the first which had escaped him since he came back to Beeehwood. ' Stranger things than that had happened,' Widow Simms declared, and she held many a whispered conference with Hannah Hawkins as to the future, when Mildred would bo the mis, tress of Beeehwood, unless, in Jeid, Richard died before she were grown, an event which seemed not improbable, for, as the autumn days wore on and tho winter advanced, his failing strength became more and more perceptible, and the same old ladies, who once before hid taken his case into consideration, now looked at him through medical eyes, and prououueed him just gone with consumption. Nothing but n sea voyage would save him, the physician said, and that to a warm, balmy climate. So, when the spring came, he engaged a berth on board ft vessel bound for the South Sea Islands, and, after a pilgrimage to the obscure New Hampshire town where Hetty Kirby was buried, he came back to Beeehwood ono April night to bid his father adieu. It was a stormy farewell, for loud, angry words wero heard issuing from the library, and Rachel, who played the part of eavesdropper, testified to hearing Richard say : ' Listen to me, father, I have not told you all.' To which the Judge responded : 'I'll stop my oars before I'll hear another word. Yoid,vo told me enough already ; and, from this hour, you are no son of mine. Leave nte at ouco, and my curse go with you.' With a face as white as marble, Richard answered: 'I'll go, fathor, and it imy be we shall never meet again ; but, in the lonesome years to come, when yon are old and sick, and there is none to love you, you'll remember what you've said to me to-night.' The Judge made no reply, and, without another word, Richard turned away. Hastening down the Gold Spring path, he entered the gable-roofed cottags; but, what passed between himself and Hannah Hawkins no one know, though all fancied it concerned the beautiful baby, Mildrod, who had grown strangely into the iove of the young man, and who now, as he took her from her crib, put her arms around his neck, and rubbod her face against his own. ' Be kind to hor, Hunnah,' he said. There are none but ourselves to oare for her now '; and, lajing her back in her cradle, he kissed her lips, and hastened away, whilo Hannah looked wistfully after him. wouderiug much what the ond would be. CHAPTER III. . ' nine ynaits later. Nine times tho April1 flowers had blossomed and dooayed ; nine times the summer fruits had ripened and the golden harvest been gathered in ; nine years of change had come and gone, and up tho wooded avenue which led to Judge Howell's residence, and also to the gable-roofed cottage lowor down tho hill, two children, a boy and a girl, were slowly wending their way. The d t.v was balmy and bright, and the grass was as fresh and green as when the summer rains wore falling upon it, while the birds were singing of their uosts in the far off south land, whither ore long they would go. But not of the birds, nor tha grass, nor the day, was the little girl think ing, and she did not oven stop to steal a Uower or a stem of box from the handsome grounds of the cross old man, who many a lime has Hcreamed to her from a distance, , bidding her quit her childish depredations ; neither did she pay the least attention to the old decrepit Tiger, as he trotted slowly down to meet her, licking her bare feet and looking wistfullv into her face as if he would ask the cause of her unuonted sadness. ' Come this way, Clubs,' she said to hor com panion, as they reaohed a point where two paths diverged from the main road, one leading to the guble- roof and tho other to tho brink of a rushing stroaui, which was sometimes dignified by the name of river. 'Como down to our play-house, where wo aan bo alouo, whilo I tell you some-' thing droadful.' Clubs, as he was called, from his- twisted feet, obeyed, aud iu a few moments they sat upon a mossy bank beueath the syoamoro, where an humble playhouse had been built— a plarhouBo seldom enjoyed, for tho lifo of that little girl was not a free and easy one. ' Now, Milly, lot's have it,' and tho boy Clubs looked inquiringly at he?. Bursting into tears she hid her face in his lap and sobbed : _ ' Tell me true — true as you Jive and breathe — ain't 1 your sister Milly, and if I ain't, who am I? Ain't I anybody? Did I rain down as, Maria Stevens said I did ?' . A troubled, perplexed expression flitted over the pale face of the boy, and awkwardly smooth ing the brown head resting on his patched pantaloons, he answered : ' Who told you that story, Milly ; I hoped it would be long before you heard it 1' ' Then 'tis true — 'tis true ; and that's why grandma scolds me so, and gives me such stinchin' pieces ol cake, and not half as much bread and milk as I can eat. Oh, dear, oh dear, — ain't there anybody anywhere that owns tile ? Ain't I anybody's little girl ?' and the poor child sobbed passionately. It had come to her that day, for the first time, that she was not Mildred Hawkins, as sljo had supposed herself to be, and coupled with the tale was a taunt concerning her uncertain parentage. But Mildred was too young lo understand tho hint ; she only comprehended that she was nobody — that the baby Bessy she had seen so often 'in her dreams was not her si.-fr — that tho gentle, loving woman, who had died of con sumption two years before, was nothing but her nnrse — and worse than all tbo rest, the meek, patient, self- denying Oliver, or Clubs, was not her brother. It was a cruel thing to tell her this, and Maria Stevens would never have done it, save in a burst of passion. But the deed was done, and like a leaden weight Mildred's heart had lain in her bosom that dreary afternoon, which, it seemed to her, would never end. Anxiously she watched the sunshine creeping along the floor, and when it reached the four o'clock mark, and her class, which was the last, was called upon to spell, she drew a long sigh of relief, and taking her place mechanically toed the mark, a ceremony then never omitted in a New England School. But alas for Mildred; her evil genius was id the ascendant, for the first word which came to her was missed, as was the next, and the next, until sho was ordered back to her seat, them to remain until hsr lesson was learned. Wearilv she laid her throbbing head up:>n the desk, while the tears dropped upon the lettered page. ' Grandma will scold so hard and make me sit up so late to-night,' she thought, and then she wondered if Clubs would go home without her and thus prevent her from asking him what she so much wished to know. But Clubs never willingly deserted the little maiden, and when at last her lesson was learned and she at liberty to go, she fiund him by the roadside, piling up sand with his twisted feet and humming a mournful tune, which he always saug when Mildred was in disgrace. 1 It was kind in you to wait,' she said, taking his offered hand. ' You are real good to me ;' then, as she remembered that she was nothing to him, her lip began to quiver, and the great tears rolled d iwn her cheek a second time, ' Don't, Milly, ' said the boy, soothingly. ' I'll help you if she scolds too hard.' Mildred made no reply, but snff-red him to think that it was his grandmother's wrath she dreaded, until seated on the mossy bank, when she told him what she had heard, and appealed to him to know if it were true. to jit. continued.! 