SOLDIERS OF THE PEN. Tuesday, May 17. Dear Soldiers— You will be glad, I know, to hear again from your Indian comrade, whose first letter I published a few weeks ago. That letter, you will remember, gave particu lars extracted from the letter of a private correspondent on the Indian frontier with reference to the war. The present letter contains a description of Poona, the scene of the recent riots, and your comrade's impres 51011a cla a muiueub win uo Ltrau wiwi lubuiusu . — 1, Parvatti Villas, Poona, April 21. Dear General— The features of note in Poona are so numerous and varied that to describe them all would be utterly impossible. I shall therefore endeavor to describe a few of interest. The 'Bund Gardens' are the most notable. The gardens are laid out in terraces, tapering down to the river, Moota Mullah, which derives its name from the junc tion of the two rivers just above, and is bunded or built across by a stone wall or weir, over which the water fall3 in a rushing 1 maddening race. The bund in itself soine what resembles the Adelaide weir, excepting that this is very much larger. Id presents a : lovely sight on a moonlight night, or during ! the monsoons (rains), when the river is in full j flood, and rushes over with tremendous force j and velocity with a deafening roar, causing ' one to be dizzy with the sight of its rapid, j restless, glistening rush to the sea some thousands of miles on its winding course east- ' ward. In the hot weather people can walk j across the Lund from one bank to | tho other, and I have seen gentle- , men even riding across on horseback, ! but during the monsoon, when the river is in I flood and the current strong, it is exceedingly dangerous for boating parties to approach the bund, as some have found to their cost, three ! young officers having been carried over to j their destruction about two years ago. Leaving the bun I behind us wo wend our way along a smooth firm white road, shaded in most parts by handsome heavy avenues of trees which interlace their, huge branches overhead, and crossing over Holker's bridge we soon emerge into Kirkee, the chief artillery centre of the Bombay army, which, together with Poona, is the military capital of the presidency. Near Kirkee we have the 1 scene of a battle fought towards the end of the ' second decade of this century between the I British and Mahrattas, in which the 1 British force gained the victory against ! dreadful odds, deciding the fate of the i PcUhwar (kings), of whom Baji Rao was the I last (if we evcept Nana Sahib, who was his I adopted S'i,, and which placed the Deccan : under Bri*-^ rule. Four miles to the west ! lies Parbutteeor Parbati Hill, on which stands j the temple of a Hindu goddess, built by the ' Peisiiwar Balaji Baji Rao (who reigned 'from ! A. D. 1740 to 17C1) in honor of his friend the | ltaja of Satara. The temple is said to have ' cost the enormous sum of one million rupees j (a lupee equals Is. 4d.), and occupied full six years in building. As I sit writing in my verandah the temple looms out of its dark ' setting of brown-grey rocks and deep sur- ' rounding foliage, with the grand background ? of the lofty mountains of the western ' ghauts, tho sun glancing upon its white peaks here and here, softening and toning tho effect of the otherwise i heavy solid appearance of the masonry. ' If you feel disposed to climb up the half-mile ] of toilsome shallow stone steps you arrive in I time at the summit, on which stands the temple, aud from whence can be obtained the finest view, perhaps, to be had of the city aud suburbs of Poona, and out of the very window from which Baji Rao is reported to have eagerly witnessed the battle of Kirkee, in J which his valiant warriors were ignomiuously j routed by the British. In the shrine of the : temple was placed Shiva's image, made of I silver. On the kuco of this image was seated thegoddess Barvati or Parbuttee (from which the temple takes its name) fashioned wholly of gold, while Ganpati (the elephant- faced idol) was placed on the other knee, and was wrought also of gold. In separate shrines close by are various other idols made of marble. The temple stands now half in ruins — the costly images stolen and pillaged in ages gone by are no more to be seen, while the glory and brilliancy of the goddess Parbati has departed to return no more, the place of hoDor now being filled by greasy stone figures representing Love, Beauty, and Vengeance. It was at the side of this bill that Ohapekar, who was hung on Monday last for the murder of Mr. Rand and Lieutenant Ayehurst on Jubilee night last year, trained bis troops of Mahratta j stone slingers — a fit end for so turbulent a ' spirit. Around tho native city and its neigh- j borhood lie the remains of many an old Mahratta palace and fort; massive in mag nificence, shorn of all their ancientsplendor, they still remain ghostly monuments of those trouble some times. But I must stop, dear General, as Poona as an historical subject is inex- ' haustiblo ; even as an every day prosaic one it is interesting, and would I think prove so to your readers. The natives, their customs, mannerisms, the climate, fruits, j auimals, languages, food, religions, music, ' all contain subjects which would each in themselves form subjects to write about, and which would interest ray comrades, and perhaps some day I will tell my Australian friends something about these. — I am, dear General, yours, &c;, BunuETT F. Not.kis. NOTES OV A TRIP TO EUROPE-No. XXVIT. On July 29 I visited Worcester, which is prettily situated on the left bank of the River | Severn'. This city always associates itself in | my mind with sauce, for this commodity, as everybody knows, is one of its chief products. Perhaps some of my girl readers will be in terested to learn that every year 500,000 pair of gloves are made in Worcester. The foun1 dation of the town goes back a great distance. Under the Saxons it was known as Wigorna Ceaster, from which, as you see, the present name is derived. Its chief attraction, as far as visitors are concerned, is the cathe dral. It is truly a beautiful building. I saw the tomb where King John is supposed to have been buried. There is a magnificent organ, but it does not stand high in my esti mation, as during the time I was there it was being tuned, aud you all know what that means. Another great attraction at Worcester is the Royal Porcelain Works, established in 1751.' They cover five acres of ground and employ COO hands. I was shown over tbo works, and they proved highly interesting. It was quite a revelation to see the time and trouble spent in turning out cups and saucers, and such like things. July 30 saw me hack in London, and I made arrangements to leave the great city on August 1 for Cardiff. I made this trip into Wales with a well-known Adelaide gentleman. We reached the Paddington railway-station about midday Rnd found its platforms crowded with people going out of town as it was a bank holiday. The train to Cardiff goeB through pretty country, including the Thames Valley. We catch a glimpse of Windsor Castle in the distance. Not far from the main line is the town of Wantage, tho birthplace of Alfred the Great. The train passed through Bath in the valley of the Avon, where Bishop Kennion has Mb home. He is Bishop of Bath and Wells. Bath was the first, place we stopped at, and then we went on to Newport, but before reaching that town we go through the Severn Tunnel, which is about six miles long. Newport appeared to be a large but rather dirty place. Perhaps it would not be fair for me to brand it as a dirty place when I entered it by rail and did not stop more than five minutes. Usually trains enter towns by the back door. We arrived at Cardiff about 7 o'clock, and after dinner went for a walk about the town. Theatres and places of amusement were numerous. The crowds appeared to be very orderly. This was an inference from tho fact that wo saw very few policemen. Wo asked one where the mining exhibition was being held that had recently been opened by the Prince of Wales. He told us it would not be worth our while to go that night as it closed at 10 o'clock. We thanked him and walked on. Shortly afterwards he caught up to us and told us at what time to go and other little particulars. Again we thanked him and proceeded on our way. Wo had hardly gone a few paces \vh?n this man in blue gave us further instructions. I suppose you can guess what he wanted. It was a tip. Next morning we went to the docks. Cardiff has the largest coal-shipping trade in the world— 10,000,000 tons annually. It exports a larger tonnage than either London or Liverpool, ranking second to New York. The docks cover an area of 112 acres, and have six miles of quays, which wore built by the late Marquis of Bute, to whose energy and enterprise the town owes so much. From the docks we walked about tho city and saw a large number of smart houses. Adelaide is called the city of churches, but a resident of Cardiff would be puzzled to kuow why. That town simply swarms with them. You see stone churches, brick churches, wooden churches, iron churches, and, in fact, every imaginable kind of church. In the afternoon we went by brake to Penarth, about four miles distant. It is on tho Bristol Channel and has a fine jetty. Next day we inspected the exhibition, and in the afternoon caught the train back to London. On Thursday I accompanied the Australian cricketers to Canterbury, where they playad a local team. The old town was effectively decorated and the streets were crowded with paople flocking to the cricket grounds. I peram bulated the town and made an inspection of tho cathedral. It is the third edifice on the same site. The event which stands out in the history of this cathedral is the murder of Thomas A'Becket, ou December 29, 1170, in tho north-west transept leading from the cloisters, through which the archbishop with his clerks had entered the cathedral wheu vespers were being rendered. You all know how ho was etruck down and killed, and how one of his faithful attendants in trying to shield him had his arm cut off. The spot where A'Becket fell is pointed out, its locality being shown by a small square cut iu the stone floor, On Saturday afternoon, with friends, I started for Hampton Court, but we were pre vented by rain from eawying Quo our inten tion. Instead we drove through Richmond Park. Near the Star and Garter Hotel one of the best views in the world, so I was told, can be obtained. That is of course in fine weather. You cau #'e right along the valley of tho Thames to Windsor. In Richmond Park is White Lodge, the resi dence of the Duke of Teck, and there are hundreds of deer, which greatly add to its many charms. After leaving tho Park we passed the ground where until a few yearn ago the Queen's Prize was fired for by soldiers aud volunteers. The matches are now held a': Bisley. When the other spot was used people living near complained oE the danger of stray 'bullets. No wonder. A stray bullet would not be a pleasant thing to meet. DISPATCH BAG. 'SlrathMane,' Yonjjala, May 9. Dear General— Tlie following is taken from Hie Chiltlien's Llour :—' An oid miser owning a farm found it impossible to do his work without lielp, and offered any man food for doing a day's work. A half* starved beggar hearing of the terms accepted then). Before going to his fields in the morning the farmer invited his man to breakfast. After finishing the iiiormng meal the old farmer thought it wouid be saving time if they should place the dinner upon the breakfast table. This was readily agreed to by the hungry man, and the dinner was goou eatun. 'Suppose now,' said the farmer, 1 we take supper ; it will save time and trouble, you know ?' ' Just as you like,' said the eager eater, and they had the third mcaL 'Now we will go to work,' said the satisfied and delighted employer. 'Thank you,' said the laborer, ' I never work after supper,' and he left the place.'— I am, yours, &c.;, Ella Behrvman. Pcachcy Belt via Salisbury, Hay 10. Dear General— 1 have thought many limes of joinine your army, as I have read with much interest your column since it started, and I have at last made up my mind to do so. The following are for your paragraph competition : — A duel was lately fought by Alex Shott and John S. Note. Nott was shot and Skotfc was not. In this case il is better to be Shot I lhan Nolt. There was a rumor that Nott was not shot , and Shott avows that he shot Nott, which proves either that the shot Shott shot at;Nott was n -t shot, or that Nott was BlioL Notwithstanding, circumstantial evidence is not always good. It may be mude to appear on trial that the shot Shott ehot shot Nott, or, as accidents with firearms are frequent, it may be possible that the shot, Shott shot shot himself, when Ihe whole affair would re solve itselt into its original elements, and Shotl would shot and Nott would siot. We think, however, that the shot Shott shot, shot not Shott but Nott ; any way it is hard to tell who was shot Boy enters pawnbroker's with fryingpaii to pawn. Uncle— ' Well.' Boy— 'Tuppence.' Uncle takes I fryingpan from boy, but quickly drops it exclaiming, | ' Why, you young rascal, it's hot' Boy— In corse it are ; mother's just fried the eossidges, an's waintin' i for the money for the beer.' - I Perhaps the strangest baptismal name we have ever ' came across occurs in the register of St. Helen's, i Bishopgate. The entry reads thus :— ' September j 1, 1011, Job- rakt-out-of-lhe-osshes, being born on the : 1st of August in the lane going to Sir John Spencer's beck gate, and there laid in a heap of asshes, was baptised the 1st day of September following, and dyed the next day after.' ' Mttamidophenylp&rametoxUiuinottne; is the name of the latest rival of quinine,' 6ays the Nursing Re cord. ' It has been suggested ns a remedy for stuttering, and it should be efficacious.' A tall western girl, named bhort, long loved a cer tain big Mr. ' Little, while Little, little thinking of Short, loved a little lass named Long. To make a long story short, Little proposed to Long, and Bhort longed to be even with Little's shortcomings. So Short, meeting Long, threatened to marry Little before Long, which caused Little, in a 6hort time, to marry Long. Query— Did tall Short love big Little less because Little loved Long? At Alberton, the other day, when the porter came round for tickets one old gentleman was unable to find his piece of pasteboard, though he searched all his pockets, and the other occupants of the carriage looked on pityingly. At last the porter noticed that the old fellow l-ad the ticket in his mouth, and collected it and left. 'Are you often as absent minded?' queried one of the passengers. 'Absent- minded?' said the old gentleman ; ' I ain't absent minded ; I was sucking tho date off an expired return half,' and he chuckled gleefully as the train started. A most reckless and unhappy state of affairs appears io exist in some parts of Samoa. The inhabi tants of one village have mortgaged tho land it stands upon to a European firm, and play cricket nearly all the week to the exclusion of serious business. The matches are on a novel principle, there being from SO to 40 players aside, and stakes are played for con sisting of pigs and salt beef. The smallest painting ever made, probably, was the work of the wife of a Flemish artist It depicted a mill with the tails bent, the miller mounting the stairs with a sack of grain on his back. Upon the terrace where the mill Blood were a cart aud horse, and in the rood leading to it several persons were shown. The picture was beautifully finished, and every object was very distinct^ yet it was so amazingly small that its surface could be covered with a grain of corn. A great curiosity is the umbrella tree. The head is as big as* the largest umbrella, yet It is but a single leaf. Three branches spring from the crown, and from their junqtion grows a leaf which gradually covers them until, if taken off carefully with a knife from these ribs, it can be laid on the grass a complete umbrella, composed of but one single leaf. Now, dear General, I think that this will be enough for this time, so I will conclude, hoping to write again shortly and send in some more paragraphs. I was born on October 2, 1633.— I remain, your obedient soldier, Harold E. Taylor. P.S.— Please find enclosed penny stamp for member ship card. — U. E. T. Port MncDonnell, May 12. Dear General— I would like to become a Soldier of the Pen, so I have enclosed Id. for enrolment card. The following is a story from the ' Fun Doctor' :— 'Amillonaire railway king has a brother who is hard of hearing, while he himself ib known as having a very prominent noEe. Once he dined at a friend's house, where he sat between two young ladies. The ladles talked to him very loudly, rather to his annoyance, but he said nothing. Finally one of them yelled a commonplace remark, and then said in an ordinary tone to the other, ' Did you ever see such a nose in all your life '-' ? Pardon me, ladies,' said, the millionaire, ' it is my brother who is deaf.' '— YourB truly, Flora Thompson. Millicent, Mny 11. Dear General— I suppose you -n ill think I havo forgotten you, but, that is not the caBe ; but I hava some very sad news, which I know you will be sorry to hear. My sister Marian (who was also one of your soldiers) died on tho 5th of May. I have had four sisters die during the last four years, it being just nine months from the death of one sister until Marian died. So you have only one soldier in Millicent now. Enclosed you will find two extracts for your para graph competition, both of which are from the Leisure Hour .— It was necessary on a certain occasion in court to compel a witness to testify as to the way in which a Mr. Smith treated his horse. ' Well, sir,' said the la\v\er, with a sweet and winning smile— a smi'ie in. tended to drown all suspicion as to ulterior purposes — 'How does Mr. Smith generally ride a hor6eV' The witness looked up and innocently replied, 'Generally astraddle, sir, I believe.' The lawyer again asked, 'But, sir, what gait does he ride?' The imperturbable witness answered ' He never ridea any gate at all, sir, but I've seen his hoys ride every gate on the farm.' The lawyer saw he was on the track of a tartar, and his next question was very insinuating, ' How does Mr. Smith ride when he is in company with others? I demand a clear answer.' 'Well, sir,' said tho witness, ' he kcepi up with the rest if his horse is able to, or if not he falls behind.' Tho lawyer was by this time almost beside himself, and asked, ' And how docs he ride whan ho is alone '!' ' I don't know,' was the reply; 'I was never with him when he was alono,' and there the case dropped. —I must now conclude with kind regards, Daisy SI. Mann. I am indeed sorry to hear of your sad bereavement, and you have my heartfelt I sympathy and that I am sure of till the other I soldiers. I have held over a portion of your j letter for liyxfc time. Always write ou one side of the paper. Coolgardie, West Australia, May 9. Dear General — 1 am much interested in your ' Soldiers of the Per.': column. I am a South Aus ' traliau by birth, and the Chronicle is eagerly looked ' forward to every week by many South Australians ; here. Your ' soldiers' column' seems to me to be full 1 of bright, interesting, anil useful reading. It has opened up a fielJ for young people to enlarge their ' ideas ami sentiments, and to gain information that i hitherto lias wen djnietl them. I am afraid my age ; (30) will debar me from entering your ranks as a ? soldier, but 1 could not resisL the temptation of send ?? injf you the enclosed paragraph. It was written I by a young man of Adelai-.lo a fortnight before his ! death. No other paragraph thai i have ever rend has i touched, inspired, or riuipcd me to look onw;ird as 1 this one. ll might be ta;;cn as u, motto by every ! young man and woman who contributes to your columns. The young fallow who wrote it w;is 1:0 mere Church or Ewiaavor religionist, but one who sought to do his Hod ti service on the cri-:ket and lootball lieliiswitli his voice a;i;l pc-ii and with ;i!l the talent, ability, and energy iiisGoti had given him. I have often thought if si few scoie ot us co-.ild only rise to such enthusiasm lor service to ouv fallows as aotuiued me writing cf tiioie lines there would not be so many n;i-uiM.ule lU'es i.i the world to-day. The paragraph is xi follows : — 'Oh, Si\ iour, what is life ? Is it a round of flays to p.iss i:i swift suci-es^iou '. No, lire is livinsr, spend, ing each moment to the hi^hea purpose, scrikin;; such bl'.uvs for God and man tint aijes yet to come shall vibrate with their power, and all wron^' shrink, cowering back before the force divine ci one life rightly lived for God and man. S;ieh be my life, ' whether it be long or short, ti:e whole world may bj i benefited by it.' ' I should much Pke to give you a description of the I fields, but not wishing !o irespasa ou your space' I 1 moil conclude.— 1 am, yours f.iiihlully, I J. E. Douu. I Unlcy, May 1G, ISfiS. j Dear General— The following paragraph is taken , from an English paper:— 'A Mystery Explained. If startling phenomena were promptly investigated ! by minds Ires from superstition an. I fear occurrences ! that appear to h.ive a supernatural origin would often find an easy solution. The lale Judge Parsons, of Canada, u-:ed to teil with great zest oi an incident in his travels which would have furnished food for a whole company ol village gossips. His wife, who seemed much agitated, waked him one night at a village inn and told him there was a woman sitting at the foot of the bed knitting. The judge saw the figure as distinctly as his wife, but having no thought of a supernatural origin of the vision, beeran to speculate as to its real cause. After looking sharply for a few minutes, during which the woman knitted on with unruiiled r-oniuusure, he was confi dent that he could see tV.e wall through her, and that she could not therefore be substantial flesh and blooJ. lie at once rose from h s bed, and walking to the foot, saw that no one was there— the form had vanished. Putting his head as nearly as possible in tha position where he had seen the woman the mystery was at once explained. He saw a circular hole in the shutter behind the bed through which the rays of light were etreamiug, and going to this hole to look through saw a woman in a room on the other side of the street knitting. The nerves of the wife were greatly Boothed by the discovery, and the inqui sitive epiiit of the judge was gratified by eo simple an explanation of the apparition. Many ghost stories could be shorn of their apparently supernatural character by a cool and careful investigation.— I remain, yours faithfully, Elsie JIoouk. Kantawarra, May 9. Dear General— I see that you are giving a prize for the best paragraph. The following is my contri bution :— A London correspondent says that no servant is ever dismissal! from a royal palace. The Queen early made up her mind that much of her comfort and peace depended on the attitude taken by her towards those with whom she could not lie but constantly brought into contact. Accordingly no domestic is ever engaged without the strictest enquiry being made into his or her private character and general qualifications for the post about to be filled, aud should any mistake appear to have been made the person in question is not sent away with a more or less character, as would be the case in most establish ments. We have had some nice rain up here, and the feed is springing up.— Voure, &c;, Lily Dali.. Eifrlilh-aveuue, St. Peters, Mny 14. Dear Gener.il— Will you pleaae enrol me as a Soldier of the Pen. 1 enclose a penny stamp for a card of membership. The following paragraph is taken from Tit B!ts :— Curiously worded advertisements that arc funny without intent arc common in the London papers. Here are a few examples :— '? A lady wants to sell her piano, as she is going abroad in' a strong iron frame.' ' Furnished apartments suitable for a gentleman with folding doors.' ' Wanted a room by two gentlemen about SO ft. long and 20 ft broad.' ' Lost, a collio dog, by a man on Saturday, answer ing to Jim, with a brass collar round his neck and muzzle.' 'A boy wanted who can open oysters with re ferences.' ' Bulldog for sale ; will oat anything, very fond of children.' ' Wanted an organist and a bov to blow the same.' ' Wanted, a boy to be partly outside and partly behind the counter.' ' Lost, near Highgate archway, an umbrella be longing to a gentleman with a bent rib and a bone handle.' To be disposed of, a mail phajton, the property of a gentleman with ft movable headpiece as good as new. -I remain, yours truly. TI. L. ST11Ii(:K«. Laura, May 9. Dear General— I expect you will be quite weary and tired waiting for lliis letter, but I have not forgotten. I received the ' membership card ' that you 60 kindly sent, and I was very pleased with it. I do not know many 'funny' stories, but I will transcribe some of the shortest :— One day as an officer was paying liii servants he chanced to give one man a Transvaal half crown that had the image of Colonel Kruget on it. The man hauded it back saying 'This coin iscf no use.' The offlcer examined it and gave it back say ing 'It is all right.' The man took it anH said, ' If you say it's right, it is riplit ; but it is the first time I ever saw the Queen with whiskers.' Counting Pigs— A squire who kept a number of pigs one day sent his Irish servant to count them. Paddy went wil. linely, but returned with a puzzled look on his tace. ' And were they all right ?' said the squire. ' Ah ! 1 counted 19 your honor, but one little follow ran about that fast that I wasn't able to count him at all, at air-Youra truly, EmTII M. WmTE. QUERIES AND ANSWERS. ' Edith White.' — Part of your lottgp-hod to be omitted ou account of it being %ntten on both sides. I am afraid that I have omitted to send enrolment cards to two soldiers who sent me stamps. I cannot recall their names. Will they write? I have been compelled to hold over a number of letters again this week. I am, dear soldiers, Yours faithfully. THE GENERAL. 