THINGS IN GENERAL. Christmas comes but ouee n year, and wc have no doubt that many people are sincerely thankful that it is not a weekly occurrence. In Coolgardie they seem to have special reasons for hoping that the season of goodwill and harmless gaiety will lie in a slow hurry to come round again, judging by the cITorts made to make things hum in that city during the alleged festive season. This is the record as put in print by the "Chronicle"* of that town :—" Scarcely had the season of peace and goodwill to men on earth commenced than a section of the community appeared to be seized by a desire to put up a record in criminality. Early in the evening in full view of passers by and in the broad glare of the electric light ft man was shot and seriously though not fatally wounded. A few nights later a policeman was shot at in the main street of the city, and an attempt was made the same evening to make a ghost of a citizen." » » » • "Within a day or two a publican detecting a man in the act of looting his till, was straightened out and seriously by collision with a bottle thrown with practised aim by the companion of the sneak theaf. Later an Afghan was murdered in his camp, and an attempt was made to garrot a citizen in the vicinity of the Grand Hotel." • • • » " Passing from the list of attemped murders and tragedy, and come down to milder criminality, the records show considerable thieving, attempted burglary, liberal sly grog selling, numcreus convictions for this latter offence, and a considerable benefiting of the revenue as a consequence of fines imposed and profits arising from the sales of conficatcd liquors." # » » • Asa general thing Australians have to acquiesce quietly in the cream of their talent taking their intellectual and artistic wares to the capitals of the old world where they can command prices unobtainable iu the limited sphere of their native land. Our best writers, our best singers, our best artists, our best musicians, take their talents to the world's metropolis, where they can command Europe and America. Even our champion athletes desert us lor the bigger world. The best batsman (Murdoch) and the best bowler (Spoll'ortli) that Australia ever produced both gave up their native land and settled down in England and Australia knew them no more. * « « • Amongst our singers who have gone to the old laud wc reckon Mclba, Ada Crossley, Lalla Miranda, Florence Saville, and Ethel Ilaydou. Nellie Stewart and Florie Young have betaken themselves to the London stage. Hiitchcson, Kruse, little Maud Mc- Carthy have achieved fame in the old world centre's as instrumentalists of the first order. The list might be indefinitely extended. • • * • Wc have one gleam of consolation however. Our "matchless songstress," Mellia, intends to pay Australia a visit before long, bringing with hut u powerful concert company, possibly including our other favorite Australicnnc, Ada Crossley. So that we shall not be compelled to wait till waning powers compcl her to reluctantly seek fresh worlds to conquer iu her old home. Concerning her projected visit after next London season Mr. Douglas Powell, a member of her English Company, writes to a friend in Melbourne :—I am delighted at the idea of coming out, and especially on such an occasion, which must necessarily be a most important one; the return of your divinely-gifted songstress to her native country. I can assure you no words can possibly convey the wonderful singing of the diva, and her kindness to her company on this tour has been the most charming feature of it. The houses have been unprecedented, and the enthusiasm intense, cold phlo^iuatic English audiences rising en masse, cheering aud waving hankerchiefs." • • • • An agitation is now proceeding up North tor an extension or the railway line from Mc.nzics. The line will be completed to Menzies in about a month and the formal opening will take place on the 1st March. A railway league has been formed at Mti Leonora to co-operate with Niagara, Tampa, Mt. Malcolm, Diorite King, and Lawlcrs for the continuation of the line rrom Menzies northward to Lawlers. The members or the Government present at the opening of the Metizics line arc to be interviewed on the subject while iu Menzies. There can be no doubt that such a liile would pay splendidly, besides opening up a magnificent belt of goldbearing country. A bald-headed professor recently <k1ivei'c.l a Iccturc entitled "The air wc brent lie."' Ijeforc an East London audience. Ill the course of ltis remarks, lie said : "It is quite im)n>ssible for any person tolivc without air." At this a small l>oy callcd out : 'Ow about yersaif, giiv'ner.'" Jimmy having once seen his father opening a lwttle of soda, highly charged, railed upstairs to his brother recently to come down and witnes? a 'repetition of the event. " Hi, .lilhhny," lie called, •' put on a bntlirolw and your goloshes, and come down. Papa's griing to open a bottle of soda walcr." "Why arc so many aitiMs poor.'" " Becaxss there are so many pbor artis ts, 1 suppose.' 1 