THE DEVIL'S CRYSTAL. ! Bx D. OAMEBOW. : It was in a room in an hotel under the glare of the electric light, and within <: Bound of the endless procession oi Prineás-street that this incident oe . curred; It seemed curiously out of place there, for it was the,.Bort of thing that shoiuJdr'fcaWenappened in tame:i-forsalcèn country place where \--rince a great crime had been committed, uul.it should be talked about round the glowing peats when the nights are long and thé storm is howling outside. Three old friends bad met by chance, after ten or twelve years apart, and were renewing old memories. One of us was "Ward, the great scientific man, who bad built up a-reputation for himself. He had also acquired a dog- matic sort of manner, a habit of laying down the law, and "There's the end of it," that- made him a less pleasant companion than of old. Then there was Macnaughton, a minister in a scattered country parish, who seemed to have lost "much of his early dog- matism, while his eyes had taken a weary look, and his face seemed sad- dest when he was smiling. Last, there was myself, a country doctor ; but what changes time has made on me, I am not able to say. - ¡ Somehow, late in the evening, the talk drifted round to the belief in ghosts, and other supernatural mani- festations, that seems to be again spreading abroad. " Wretched recrudescence of super- stition," said Ward. "It's frightful to think that Bo-called rational crea- tures Bbould believe such stuff." He was a London man, a dweller within doors, and disbelief came natur- ally to him. ". To me, on- the other hand, dwelling in the great silences of the -open country, and coming fresh from going to and fro at all hours of ''the night and day, in all kinds of weather, with the wonderful sights of nature before my eyes, disbelief was harder. -I could smile at superstition now and here, but in my heart there was a feeling that it would be differ- ent ; when .next I-was riding by the Lochan Dubh, and the dawn was not yet come. ' '. ." .-? Macnaughton smiled - ambiguously ; it might be in assent, it might be in doubt. '...- .. . ..' ..'"'. " It's all very well to lock up gipsie that' get sixpences from serrant girl hy telling fortunes," Baid Ward, wara ing aa he proceeded, " but to be logic« we should put a stop to the whol thing..; Why should it De lawful for maa.to rake in pounds for a book o ghosts?' Justas we had got supetst: tion nearly killed "off, baok it come again as fresh as ever. If things g on at this rate we shall soon be burr ing witches on the Castle Hill.'? ;| "If it's all false and unreal," sai Maonaughton, thoughtfully, "I wot der how it is that the belief is oomin baok?" j "That's what I want to know./, can't see why on earth people want_t DeUevë^inlit ;f;butï they. do¿-and,\yo can't argue against facts." y ¡:¡ y$í " But supposing^after ^ajl¿"^sai Maonaughton, " that you are arguiñ against facts in refusing to believe i Is it not possible ;that there might b Bomething init after all?" Ward stared at hiin for a momeri in speechless contempt. " That, m dear fellow," he said, when he foun voice, "is a supposition too utter! ridiculous to talk about." " That sounds scientific," said Mac naughton quietly. '.'Here is a thin, that has been believed in from th beginning of the world-oh, ab, wei] I beg your pardon, there was no begin ning, of couraa^but let it stand believed in by apHorts of people,1 am Mr. Ward, without looking into thi evidence at ali, waves his hand, an< diBmisseswit às too ridiculous fe discuss."'- Í ''The^hïiig has been proved ove: and ovefagáin to be à humbug ánd i delusionj'-iWho wants . to. kill th« Blain?" "We did not.think in old timei that it was possible- to prove a nniver sal negative," ^murmured Macnaugh ton. 'IJf^one case is proved, Ward a thousandidisproved go for nothing.' " Certainly,'certainly. But can yor prove one'.case that will hold water : jSot old musty tales of ages ago with- out any decent evidence ; but a case that has convinced living men who are accustomed to estimate facts at'theil proper value. If you can't do that you must admit that the presumptive is that there are none." " Are you accustomed to weigh evi- dence?" said Maonaughton, musingly. " Shall I convince you ?" ??'";.. " Tou may try." " Well, I don't carry about ghosts with me, but this is something dis- tinctly supernatural. What do you say to that?" " That; pooh, that's a mere crystal. That's material; enough., I can't exactly put a name to'it, for it's not my line, but if you like, I'll take it to London with me, and get it named there. I know a man who' can tell what it is, and who could almost cer- tainly'tell where it came from.' " I know that well enough. It came from-Bell." "Tou don't believe that, I hope ?" "Wait till you know all about it. Tou never saw anything like it." " Mo, but I don't know much of these things." " It's not likely you, or your friend either, ever saw anything like it. I'll tell you the story, and then, if you care, or if ' you dare, you can experi- ment with il." "I am ready to do anything you like." " I got that stone from a man in my parish whom it was driving mad. Some years ago this man married a wife with whom he was very much in love, and they, were deliriously happy together for something less than a year. Then a child came, and it and its mother died-a most commonplace story. The man was fearfully changed by the loss. It made an ola man of Bim. Time passed, and the agony of Bis sorrow seemed to go, for, as Be told, me, the memory of that year was fading from his mind. He did not thank God for the anodyne sent in meroy, for Be felt, poor soul, that Bia grief was all Be Bad to live for. So Be went about wailing and reproaching himself for his forgetfulness. Up to this point'I swear the story is true ; beyond it, I have only the man's bare word, and the evidence of this stone... He says that one night he lying awake, and as he. cursed himself for an insenB,s¿ar%áte, the devil appeared to ' til m, and gave him that stone. Possessing it, he would never forget anything, whether- he wished to re- member it or not. That is the man's' story. Tou may believe it or not, as you please." . There was a look of ineffable pity and contempt on Ward's face. " Naturally," he said, " I don't believe a word of it. The man was crazy, that's all; and why you should think that stuff like that Bhould con- vince me or anybody else beats nae." Ho flung himself hack in his chair with a Buort of contempt, too zeally disgusted to say anything more. Macnaughton shifted bis chair a little, and gazed fixedly out at the window. His look seemed to go beyond the busy streets and the electric lights and to fix itself on the shadowed evening sky. His lips were smiling when he said slowly "I'm not done, Wara. There's something, else.". " Well," said, Ward impatiently; for Maonaughton's smile had an ap- pearance that was not cheerful. "At 'first .the man was in ecstasy. The devil was as good as his word, and the stone brought everything to his mind that he wanted to remember. But-it brought it to his remembrance in the way.in which you can imagine the devil telling the story of a man's life. " Air his sins came back to him. That was, in oneway, a small matter, for, after all, men don't forget their sins. But he remembered every smallest fault, everything he had done and had regretted the minute after these came out in the clearest detail and made a black, terrible picture. And then the motives with which even his best deeds had been done were reflected, so that the man could almost have believed himself to be a fiend. Worse than that, worst of all, the woman ho loved was shown to him in the same light too. The thing had a horrible fascination for him. He .pored over it, seeing the past happen- ing again, as it might De solemnly burlesqued, by devils, who used the flames of bell to illumine their play. Then he overcame the fearful fascin- ation of the thing enough to throw the crystal as far as he could out to sea. But the next time he put his hand in his. pocket he found the infernal thing Btill there. " After that," continued Macnaugh- ton, moving the light with fingers that did not know what they were doing, "I will acknowledge that he was insane for á time. He presently came to. me with his story arid with the stone-oh, I beg your pardon !" . Macnaughton had at < last over- turned ;'the candle/ arid ' for "a few minutes'!everything was confusion. Then:when we looked at him, waiting for thé conclusion of his story, he said in a .'most matter-of-fact manner, " I gave him what advice I could, and i kept the stone." " Tou spoke of proof," said Ward; arid "his voice ' wáV'expressionless through excess of feeling. "Tes, I spoke, of proof, If you want to remember anything, or every- thing, in your paBt life, and are willing to risk its being brought to your mind in such a manner as will haunt you till.you die-look in the stone." , " Tou expect me to believe that.'* "I ask you to believe nothing. Look for yourself." _ p " All- right,* I'm - ready. Let's hear the? hocus-pocus or incantation you use." "Tou do nothing. Tou only look fixedly at the stone." . ? . , He took the stone into his hand and gazed steadily at it, There was a great .stillness in the room, and the street noises came loudly through the open'window. They jarred on me terribly at first, seeming strangely out of place ; but soon, what was happen- ing before our eyes blotted out all thought of them. Ward was sitting at a small table, and the blaze of the light was shining full on him. There was a smile of amusement on his face for the first few moments,-and once be lifted his head as if to speak, but thought better of it. And when he dropped his eyes again there came into them a look of blank astonishment. It would have been curious,if it had notbeenfrightful to see that look change into horror and abjeot fear. The man seemed aging before our very eyes, his tall figure shrank into smaller bulk ; the keen, long clever face became pinched and ashy grey, as if, by starvation. Great drops of sweat welled on his forehead, he gasped , as if he would have made some sound,, but the effort only pro- duced a kind of deathly rattle in his throat. ;íThenMacnaughtonhrqkethe silence. " Have you got your proof now ?" ; His voice broke the spell. " Take the cursed thing away," shrieked Ward. 1 " The devil's in it !" -and he dashed it with all his force against the far wall of the room. It Bhould have been dashed to splinters, but instead it rebounded, and fell at his feet. . " Great God ! " he shrieked/ " Oh, let me bury the vile thing I am from the sight or God and man." Then he broke down as strong men sometimes do, and whined like an infant, and wept like a woman, and raved over things it was not fitting for us to bear. . . Macnaughton took up the crystal and put it in his pocket, ,and then we set to work to mend matters. It was late before we felt we could leave him safely, for ere he quieted down I had to give him a heavy dose of bromide to ensure him a night's sleep. And when we left him a feeling which may be more readily understood than justi- fied made me long not to be alone in search of the sleep which I could not get, though it came to my patient. Por long Macnaughton and I sat in the deserted Bittmg-room without energy enough to switch on the light As Macnaughton rose I asked him why he had taken the thing, knowing it to be devilish. "It was my duty," he said curtly, j " He was one of those for whoa i ¿ci responsible, and._.i{ -\¡y"ány means I might 5»7S"nun from being cast away, "and did not, the blame was mine." " But can't you get rid of it ?" " To what end ? To damn another soul?" "But yourself?" " That's not in my hands," he said sharply ; and then with a half laugh, "But, man, its a grand thing for taking the conceit out of one. , I walk j softly." -. . - * And so we said good-night. When I got up next day, after a weary night, I found that Ward had left the hotel, apparently in very good health," and I would not have seen him again if we had not knocked against each other at the railway station that night. "Oh, I'm all right again, thanks," he said in answer. to my inquiry. " Funny that I should have let Mac-' naughton's bogey scare me so. Don't know when I had such a turn." ; . "Then,"I said "you're BtiUuncoh vinced that there is anything in it." ., I put it lamely, and he graciously amended my halting speech. " I'm not convinced that there is anything supernatural in the pebble. My dear, fellow, it was simply a case of hypnotism. Macnaughton simply hypnotised me, and made me think : what he liked. It waB clever ; I did not give him credit for being so.smart ; but that was all." " Does that make it any the less wonderful ?" I ; exclaimed. " Tou don't explain things by hiding behind a word in that way." He was rising to confute me with a disquisition on the science of the thing, when the guard waved the green flag. So that lecture was lost, and I am still unable to see that the mystery is lessened by changing its name. Weekly Scotsman. 