YORK v. NORTHAM. On Saturday last the above teams mot to try couclutftene on fhe iocal Recreation Ground. Great interest was manifested in the contest. The Nortbam team arrived in York by the mixed train, and it was then thought, after seeing the visiting twenty, that the game would be one of the best games ever played in the Eastern districts, for tome years past, whieb, no doubt, it was. The York team had won three matches and only wanted to win one more to pnt tbem Premiers . for the .KeaBQU^ - The game in .the first quarter was very one-sided Tor the York team, bat in the seeond quarter Northam livened up a little asd made the game mote interesting. ~r The play in the third quarter was equal to that of the second, and the last quarter the Northam men ^earned to have given <?p all hopes of winning, m the local boys bad no trouble in scoring. _H£r. Cummins, as Central Uiupi -f. was in better form than he has been this season, and on one or two occasions -baa to cauiipu Sunderland, a Nortbam player, ,^o£ rough play. Mr. Cummins1 decision* were- much appre ciated by all present. THE PLAY. On the bounce Ken*y w»'s at work and immediately secured sending the ball; well forward for the Iraws. Thompson relieved -in splendid style. Kenny olj-1 tained a free kick f01: a push1 but made a' mull of it. - Twehey a'nd^ThonipBoii tf'e're? on the defence r^ftshed the'-sphfcre': Fass the centre-.of the ground, int.® >tlfe: mps' territory, where Mei rin. thGi tries' j ski pper, defended; well ;aiid. -passed * the leather to Diamond, who passed to D011 a Tr hp tv"f con and the latter seat it well up. Rogers secured and forwarded to Key, but Kenny was too superior for tlicin. and sent the ball back to the Imps' forwa.-d3, where it wfts kicked out of bounds. Thrown in, Martin secured, but could do no «ood, owing to him having only one hand to play with. Ruck play followed aud DianiOnd received a free kick, and passed to Shaw, the latter putting Nor tham's citadels in dagger with a rine kick. Palmer relieved well and put the ball well into the air. At this stage W Thompson. Tuvvey, Key, Rogers, and Sunderland were playing well tor ^Nor th am, while Martin, Brand. E. Screaigh. G. Screaigh, L. Inkpen and J. Melboui ne were 'doing good work for the Imps. The ball being thrown in Irom bounds, 'Brand secured and passed to Shaw wuo sent the sphere well forward. V\\. Thompson relieved in good style. Shaw marked and passed to L. Inkpen to J. Screaigh, the latcev trying, kicked the first? goal for the day. Bounced in .he centre, no time was lost in the ball being sent to the Irhps' forwards and G. Pyke had a snapshot but could only register a behind. Kieked off Sunderland collared and passed to Shepherd, who sent the ball well up. Thompson, .marked and passed to Smith, but Merrin was equal to . the 'occasion and rushed the ball through the centre of the ground amidso loud applause " Bricky " Martin collared and kicked No 2 goal for the Imps. The Nortbam players rallied up a little but onlv for a short time. Rogers seem ed the*leather after the bounce and passed to Key, to Smith, who did full justice. Sunderland had~ a shot but could only register- a minor point. Kicked off the ball was rushed . down the ground by the Imps in good style when G. Pyke had a try, and put up No. *2 behind1 for itjie'Imps: The play in the rest of this quarter was very one-sided, and Prideaux who received a mark from Shaw, put up -the third goal for York. When the bell SQunded the scores were York, 3 goals 2 behinds. Northam, 1 behind. Points scored- York 20 ; Northam 1. On the change of ends, the Northam lads 'cheered up. After the bounce Thompson. Secured and passed-to Smith, who failed to score. H.Doncon, yrith his fine sprints rushed i-ound the wing, and sent the. sphere will amongst the luips forwards. ' Prideaux had a shot for go&l.; but only a behind resulted. Kicked off, Key rushed, ioie ball to Northain's for wardsj but Napkevill relieved well. The . ball was -then rushed out of bounds. Trotman, Merrin, Nankevill and Kenny were doing excellent wovk for \ ork, and Smith Sunderland, Griffo and Albary were .working hard for Northam. Thrown in, E. Screaigh collared and passed to Kenny, to Shaw, to Pyke, aad the latter having a try scored goal No. 4 for York. Bounced iu the centre, Northam men .were at work at once, and Roge's secur ing passed to Key, to Duschka, to Sunder land to Smith. The latter after a good kick scored first goal for Northam. Dur ing this quarter York added three more behinds to their score, while Northaui added one. At half-time the scores were York, 4 goals 5 behinds. Northam. 1 goal 2 behinds. Points scored-York 29 ; Northam 8.. On the third quarter being" entered apoH-.it Was at cnce -.apparent, that Nor ihafii " hadn't the-ghost of a show, foi al though they made several rallies, each time they were repulsed, and their citadel was constantly iu danger. Time after time did the Imps try for goal, but in this respect seemed most unfortunate, no less than five behinds being registered. ' The major portion of the good work in this quarter was done by Meran, Mel bourne, Screaigh, Koss, fehaw and Kennp ^vhile for Northam Shepherd, Key, Griffo,* and Alburv put in some excellent work, although their scores were not increased; At the close of the third, quarter the game stood- ' York, 4 goals, 1J behiods. Northam, 1 goal, 3 behinds. Points scored-York, 35 : Northam, 9. On the ball being bounced, the Imps a^ain assumed the aggressive and made things very lively for the Northam backs, and at an early stasre of the quarter another goal was added to the Imps score by Kenny. Behinds followed in quick succession, and then another goal was '?booted" through by Melbourne. The play iu this quarter was very one-sided and the sphere was rarely out of Nortbam territorv. AH through the Imps showed their authority, and in this quarter kicked no fewer than six behinds. The final result of the game was York, 6 goals, 17 behiuds. Northam, 1 goal, 3 behinds. Points scored-York, 53; Northam, 9. Merrin, Shaw, Brand, Screaigh (3), L. Ink Den, Trotman, Ross, Kenny, ard Melbourne wer» the most noticeable for the Imps, white W. Thompson, H. Smith, Sunderland. Shepherd, Key, Rogers, Twohey, Turviey and one or two others worked hard for Northam. The following team will represent the " Boobooroos " in their match against - the Imps to-day C. Salkild, VV. Burns, L Safkilld, Elliott, W. Inkpen, D. McGlinn, C. Scott, R. Heighway. H Mau, A. Donglas, R. Maley, J. Davis, J. Tomqey. F. Davey. J. McCarthy, D. Tomfieyi F. McCarthy, J. Wansbrough, A. Seewavt. J. Martin, J. Kindelan, D. Christie. A. Wedgewood, and A. Palmer. The following are the players chosen to represent the Imps, in the?" match against the " Boobooroos " -.-J. Menin, (capt), Screaigh f3), Doncon (2), A. Martin, .T. Shaw. L. Inkpen. R. Nanker ville, H/ Trdtmrm, J. Melbourne, J. Brand, J. Ross, G. Pyke, R. Kenny, C. Diamond, ,-S.- Prideaux, F. Davey, J. Mar wick, W. Monger! The following table shows the relative positions of the clubs playing under the Eastern Districts Association to dafce : C°rx5 -§£ n I?! Goals. | ^ o c o CLCB. j S ^ p. ^ For pgst Imperials 4 4 0 30 4 16 Newcastle 4 1 3 7 16 4 Northam 4 1 3 7 17 4 -CYCLING., Considerable interest is beihg. mani fested in the road race to be run at York lO.n the 20th August, both b}T loteal as well as Noitham riders. For the past week of an evening half-a-dozen local scorchers have been seen-traipjiv-T for the event, and are sanguine of lining able to keep at least some of th« prizes in the town. Nominations close on Saturday, August 6... , On Saturday List, Mr. G. F. Best. of Nortkam. "lowered the existing 25 miles road record for West Australia. Ee cut out the distance iu fine style, beating Clairs' time by 4 minutes. During the race Mr. Best, on bis Rover, put up the following records 10 miles in 24min. oOjseca ; 20 miles in 57inin 34Jsecs ; 25 miles iu 1 hour 10 min 5$secs. On the same day tha Rover triplet ridden Tjy E. T. Cooper, D. Thomas, and E. W. Chidlow. put up a track record for one mile, doing the distance in the splendid time of lmin 59 3-5th sees. Mr. Best also informs me that it is his intention to put up a triplet record at York on August 20-the day on which the road race takes place. I believe the other seats will be occupied by " Dug" Thomas aod Ckidlow. This item should prove interesting, as it will be the first time in which a record has been established at York. There is ft movement on the tapis re the establishment of a Cyclist# Touring Club in York. There is no doubt, now the wild-flower season is approaching, that members 'such a-idub would be able to put in many pleasant hours. The club will be open to lady and gentlemen riders. There is on view at present at tie agency of "Messrs. Salkilled Bros., the sextet pacing macSinej on winch an ex hibition is to be given on Aug. 20 by a team of local "cracks," steered by Mr. G. F. Best. -The-machine is worthy of inspection. Its weight is 170 pounds, and when manned by six riders, say lOst each, the weight propelled along reaches about 73 stone. Some idea of the size of this wonderful pacing machine may be gained when it is stated-that with the rideni. up the York roads are insufficiently wide .to allow of it being turned with safety. PARKER'S EUCALYPTUS OIL will cure when all other's Tail. Tiy it. 