WHY DOES A WOMAN LOOK OLDER SOONER THAN A MAN ? The title of this article is familiar to everyone as the clever advertise ment of a well-kno'wn soap. But the ingenious catch-phrase is really some thing more than a mere advertisement -it is a pertinent enquiry regarding a very remarkable fact. Girls of the New Woman variety (says a writer in an exchange) will probably declare that the reason is to be fo~und in the fact that brutal man has oppressed woman for many cen turies. But as this is the New Woman explanation of every ill under the sun, there is probably some more reasonable reply to the question. That the average woman does look old much sooner than the average man is unquestionably true. We have all heard the remark, "Is that really Lucy Linamouth? I haven't seen her for five years, but I declare she looks 15 years older than she did the last time I met her. Whatever is the reason of it?" Just the same reason, my dear lady, as there is for Lucy making the same re mark about you, as she infallibly will, if she hasn't done so already. And in both remarks you may rely on it there's a great deal of truth tempered with a little feminine exaggeration. But why have the last five years done the work of 15 on you and your friend, while Miss Lucy's fiancee and your husband don't look a day older than they did five years ago? Well, I'll tell you. You and Lucy have been wearing your selves out with constant worry about little trifles which wouldn't affect your husband or brothers more than a fly would affect the dome of St. Paul's. It is tilis -worry about trifles which is the main cause of women ageingr so much more than men.- The big troubles of life, when they do come-loss of money, loss of health, the death or disgrace of a dear friend-find a man a much easier victim thkn a woman. Bait with all her pluck in the face of real adversity, the average woman can never make a fight against the trifling and often imaginary ills of everyday life. It is an old saying that the con stant dropping of water will wear away a stone, and the perpetual shower of worries will just as surely wear away a woman's good looks, and age her out of all proportion to her actual years. Money has nothing to do with wor ries of this sort. The millionaire's wife suffers from them just as much a.s the working man's wife. The mil lionaire will look careworn quickly enough if he lose his millions, and the working man, if he loses his job; but neither of these calamities leaves the same tell-tale marks as the perpetual recurrence of trifling woes. Of course these woes differ with different women. The working womah can't conceive. what anyone with an icome of £2000 a week could find to worry about, and the millionnire',, wit~. can't appreciate the possibility of worry lurking in the approach. of rent day. But the millionaire's wife is losing her youthful looks every day by dwelling on what a man. would regard tas trifles not worth thinking about. Perhaps that longed-for invitation to the Duke of Runnymede's ball hasn't arrived; or it may be that her daugh ter, to whomr Lord Magnus Charter paid such attention, prefers to marry a young lawyer, who Is only a com moner, with nothing to redommend him but plenty of brains and good looks. The working man may quite appreciate his wife's anxiety about rent day, but he can't for the life of him understand why she should harm?s herself night and day with the recollection that Mrs. Soaker, who lives in the next street, is reported to have called her a "stuck up upstart." A. friend of mine a few years ago married one of the prettiest girls I have ever seen. Before they were married five years she looked twice her age and as nearly ugly as a pretty woman can. The reason of the change became 'apparent to me before I had been many days in the house. She was con sumed with' the, fixed idea that her ser vants never did their work properly. One half of her day was spent in find ing out their faults, and the other half in thinking how she could get other servants to replace them. A New Gun.-A very interesting and highly satisfactory preliminary test of a new type of steel gun has been conducted in the United States. The gun, which is of the 5in. rapid lire class, is made of a single forging of steel, which, having followed the course of manufacture usual for large gun forgings, was, at a proper stage of manufacture, cooled from the in tearior from such temperature as to produce properly disposed initial. strains of such intensity as would place the, wll 'of the gun in, the best condition, to resist interior pressure'. It is claimed that the process as ap plied to forgings could be made to produce exactly the initial strains de sired; that these. strains could . be easily increased or diminished at little cost; and that guns so made, while quite as strong, would be much he:eaper to make tlhan tlhose built up. The gun is fittedl with Gordon's breech mechanism, uses fixed amnmunition, smokheless powder, a projectile weigh ing 551b., cma' be fired from six to ten times pera minute, depending upon the conditions of loading and aiming, and has a range of. more than six miales. In the tests a velocity of over 2700It. per secbnd at the muzzle was shown, and in the slpecial high pressure test to which the gunn was subjected, pr~es sures were rei'gistered of nearly 50,0001b. per square inch. The method of manfnacture, sany? au. exclhnnge, can be applied to forgings of any size that can be turned out by the steel lproducing piants of the country; cou sequently, the calibre of gun which can bie made of a. ingle forgiln.g may he., to-day. set at sin.,..but, by using this m~eehold, thie number of pnrts in guns 'of larger calibre could be much red'uced, while tfl', i;nns thlemselves-c would be stronger. The Butler--"HIand hevery night at the hour of midnight the ghost happears and groans and wrings hits hands." Tourist- "Ah, must have died in the cucumber sea son!" In a copy of "Tables of Interest" pre sented by Charles Lamb to a fellow-clerk, ie wrote:-"In this book, unlike most others, the farther you progress the more the interest increases." Newly- ade WTidow.-'"Ah, no one can take Johns place. I loved him from the bottom of, my heart." Friend (brightly) "But you Inow what they say-'There is always rcom at the top.-" 