^TOWN TALK Onr Melbourne letter, together with other news matter, will ho found on the first page of this paper. •A large.stack of produce-has accumulated on both platiorms of . the Yarra- street jetty this week for shipment to intercolonial ports by the Age and Nemesis; owned respectively by Messrs "W1 Howard Smith and "Sons, and Huddart,'Parker and Co. ' The stack consists principally of. loose,bags.of 'chaff, with a fair quantity of pressed hay and chaff:' The John Nimmo is still busily employed in dredging the approaches to the railway jetty so as to lessen the possibility of heavily laden coalvessels. grounding in the vicinity at low tide. Yesterday the Priestman grab, affixed to a hopper barge, was set to work in dredging the portion nearer shoreward of the new berth on the eastern side of the railway jetty. The em ployment of the grab in this work was neces sitated owing to the draught of the John Nimmo preventing her from carrying on operations in low water. The progress made by the grab yesterday was such as to convey the impression that the shoreward portion of the berth will be executed expeditiously. Another berth on the opposite side of the jetty will afterwards be dredged. The Geelong West borough council unani mously agreed last evening to the resolution adopted by the Water Conference on Satur day last affirming the desirability of a trust being formed to take over the existing works for the supply of water to Geelong, and for the extension of the same by bringing water from the Upper Eastern Moorabool into the reservoirs. Three representatives were also appointed to act upon the body which it is proposed to substitute for the present un wieldy conference. The vehicular traffio on the Yarra-street jetty was very heavy yesterday, as a result of the large quantities of wool and chaff carted there during tho day. The chaff is awaiting transference to intercolonial ports by the steamers Age and Semesis, hut the wool was placed under the hatches of the ocean going vessels Oakbranch and Tort Salisbury, the former clearing out from the wharf at about one o'clock, and the latter a few minutes after six o'clock. The FcrC Salisbury, which is sumptuously appointed, was visited by a large number of people during the day, and her cargo from this port consisted of 1088 hales of greasy and 33 hales of scoured wool. The Oakbranch > shipped 1633 bales of greasy wool locally. - Mr Grattan Kiggs' dramatic season at the Exhibition Theatre terminated last evening, when the intensely exciting drama entitled "The Shadows of a Great City," was splendidly produced . by ■ a strong cast or characters. The attendance was not by "any means commensurate with the undoubted merits of the company. Au excellent inter pretation of Biddy Ruonnn was given by Mr Grattan Riggs, and Miss Eugenie Duggan showed her versatility by the capable manner in which she. sustained the parts of .Annie and Nellie Standish. Others who acquitted themselves well in their respective characr terisatiohs were Messrs Roy Grenfell, Geo. Chalmers, J. P.O'Niell, .Temple Hairison, and\Y. Tait. : ., - ■ A military spectacle will ho furnished to night in connection with the benefit enter tainment to be tendered to Bandma'ter Graves at the Exhibition Theatre. The members of the Geelong battery, headed by their band, are to march from the' orderly rooms at" 7-15, and the St. Augustine's Orphanage band will proceed to the Exhibi tion via Ryrie-street at 7 o'clock. The two hands will be.then; massed, and givef an attractive programme in front of the theatre prior to .the entertainment, which is of an exceptionally attractive. character. Bomdr, Carter, who may now' -he regarded as the world's champion rifie shot, will he * the central' figure in a stirring military" tableau that is to be presented during the progress of the entertainment, and a bumper house may be anticipated. ' ^ Oar Mdbourne correspondent telephoned last night: " An. old roan named Augustus Eritscb, abrickmaker, residing at Hawthorn, dropped dead on the -■ Richmond bowling green to-day, while he wag engaged in play ing a game of howls." . - . The description furnished to the police by Mr Henry Meakin of tho loan with whom he had an exciting adventure on his premises, at the rear of the Derby Arms Hotel, on. Tugs- i day evening, led to Constables O'Mara and, ! Brady interrogating a wharf laborer named Joseph Tough, whom they induced to accom pany them , .to ,the lockup. * Tho man waB placed in a row "with, several others, and Mr Meakinimmcdiately sihgled him out as the person who escaped from him "after a severe struggle. Tough; was then locked up on a charge of -being . a rogue upd vagabond, having beeu found by night without lawful excuse on : Mr Meakin's premises. It is alleged that: ^Tough" used obscene language towards Cocstable.O'Mara after being ques tioned, and this forms a second charge entered up against him in the lockup register. A lot of water went to waste yesterday through the bursting of a pipe inVillamanta street. Mr A. H. Jones sought to acquaint the Water Snpply Office with the fact through the telephone, but did not succeed ia doing so. Recent fires have sliowu the desirability of the residence of the turncock being placed in direct communication with the telephone exchange, and there is no doubt.that it would, on occasion, lead to a more prompt stoppage of waste through the bursting of pipes after office hours. The annual examination in subjects taught at tbo Gorhm Technical College arc proceed ing in a satisfactory manner. Tbo students have presented themselves in numbers which must prove to the Education department that the institution is ti useful one. This morning the final examination m theoretical chemistry will be hold, and the subjects for to-morrow are manual training, plumbing and modelling. The manual training class will be examined iu the afternoon, and parent-* are urged to see that the lads attend the college at two o'clock sharp. ; A series of rifle shooting competitions amongst the members of the Geelong battery for prizes donated by his Y/orship the Mayor and battery officers vas recently brought to a close. The presentation of the prizes to the successful competitors took place at the close of the parade at the orderly room last evening, tho ceremony being performed by Major Garrard, tbo officer commanding, who took advantage of the opportunity publicly congratulate Bombardier Carter, the Queen's prize winner, upon his recent achievements in connection with the V.R.A. matches. The winner of the Mayor's prize was D'Uico-Scrgeaiit Dufficld, who received a handsome marble cluck, and Sergeant Cole man, who gained Fecund prize wan presented with a handsome pieco of plate. The winners I if the officers* prizes were Sergeant Eaton 1 ma ex-Gunner Tingle, each of whom . -ecoived a cheque for £-5 10s, having tied for 5r-t honors. I Tno members of (ho Gee ion" battery, ■ headed by their fine bsTid. paraded through the principal streets Gf the town last evening, \ and inspiriting :;rC "dinno were played by the 1 band en route. Subsequently tha ir.jn went, through a course or wo-!-;, on the vacant allotment in flyers-street, in readiness for the general inspection hy Sir Charles Holied Smith, the coramaudant. at Queensciiff next Saturday week. . An entertainment by the scholars of Flinders school will bo given in the Mcconnics' Hail to-morrow evening. An excellent programme iias been prepared for the occasion. The business at the police contt yesterday morning was confined to the hearing of a number of debt cases, which were negotiated m quick time. Voi diets were given to the amount of £24 13s 10J, with £4 13s Gd costs. Garnishee orders were also made in favor of two other complainants, and a disputed cbiim was adjourned for hearing in a fort night's time. The solicitors engaged in the respective cases were Messrs Bowman, Speed, Wighton and Finn. ' . - Pedestrians in Little Malon-street were treated . to a rare display oil speed yesterday afternoon on the part of a horse attached to a delivery cart belonging to Messrs T. Harns and Co- -The animal, which was standing in the yard, with tho wheel of the care chained, unexpectedly' mado' a bolt through the gateway, and galloped at full speed along Little Malop-street as far as tho van stand, vherejt was stopped by a coupla of vanmen.; The only damugo done was to the wheel of a light buggy, .with • which- tho runaway collided on the journev. A concert and bad that' was to have been hold in the North Geelong Stato school last night, HI aid of tho.hospital, was abandoned 0W4S? 8 Palioil:y of tho attendance. lbc Dtyroour correspondent of the "Age." writes • ou " Tuesday :_This afternoon two Gamps, Jameff Silg and a man only known on tho waUaby.as: tftBill,'! were. discovered lying-nudaled toge therein tho shelter of the ^lbnrn-hrid^fi Sil^ who -is said to be : 100 jreawold; was . in the last: stages of cx haustiomfrom oxposnre,-dirt- and starvation, while Bill -lay quite dead and quite cold. ; The police removed Silk to the lockup, where 11^foaded to, but ho was in a deplor ; able condition and his recovery is considered tbPT? fix V .removed' to the KoyalHotel, where DrFitzgerald made a post mortem examination, and ascertained that, death was-due to,, congestion-of the innp exposure and starvation.- It is stated that the men were refused admission to the Benevolent Asylnm at Melbourne threo months ago, and they have! since tramped as S^^^ an-dsta.^n5°n the-road. , The Chief Secretary, Adelaide, has for wardedto tlm Central Boardof Health a Jo-tor ho had received from Mr J, Miller; of Melbourne,mntheaanger of bubonic plague being introduced by rats oh board vcslels ! from India and China. The writer described bimse.f ils an able expert on rats, and offered' I his services tdplace-a'-ratfrappimj-r cordon around ships on arrival at Adelaide, and dis close proper baits for enticing the rats into hia trap, if he were.empioyed by the Govern ment. - The hoard has returned the letter - with an intimation that it does not re commend the acceptance of Mr Miller's! ser vices. MrAlexandsr Wilson, Engineer of Ports and Harbors, has notified the Government of his intention to retire on pension at the end -of the year. Mr Wilson entered tho public service in 1857, or 41 years ago, and is therefore entitled to the maximum proportion of pension allowance, viz., two-thirds of the" amount of the salary of which he is in receipt at present. His salary being £900 per annum, his pension will be £000. The ques tion of who will he his successor in tho office has not yet been decided. ! The Lauds department has prepared re gulations to give effect to the recommenda tions of the Forest Commission regarding increased ^ facilities to steeper hewers to ob tain suitable timber on Crown lands for rail way sleepers. The regulations would have been adopted by the Governor in Council and gazetted last week had it not been for the -Penan, the inspector of forests, to alildnra, to inquire what supplies of red ; gum were available along the banks of the t"w £ n Hi!l for sieepers. J. W. Prince, a working miner, late of xalwal, has written from . Dawson City cautionmg all Australiau miners who mi-ht think of going to the Klondyke gold- field* to remain where they . are. -Ho Ws-that Alondyke is a very poor field, and the" rush has been a b'jom to take people down." " T am sure no gold-field ever."broke"onfabo'ut which there were so many unfounded reports as there here been ahoat this," he adds no-long back fined for allowingtheir children under tenyeura of <fg-eto dance at the harvest festival of a w.Uage near hy. The village pastor objected to the dancing and reported the case to the police; It was discovered, however, that his children had danced, too and he was fined with the rest. - Mr Alfred Nobel, the late dynamite king, eft a sum equal" to £400,000 to he present^ to the person who should have done the most and the best for the accomplishment of universal peace.' The executors^ it is stated from Berlin, have decided that the legacy shall go to the Czar of HnSsia as a reward of roentfortho message to European . Govern tnents on 25th Angnst. A "ghost," m regulation costume, • at Canmngton, near Perth, W.A., has been baued up by residents armed with revolvers who severely thrashed him with a paling ' At the fortnightly meeting of the Ballarat East branch of the A.N.A. mT'Tuesdav night, attention was drawn to the remarkable and uncafied for utterances of Bishop Thorn ton that day at tho Church of Eo<d3nd Con gress m regard to the intemperance, pro fanity j3nd Inst; below - the surface of Australian town trie, even among children. An opinion was. expressed that tho bishop had gone ont of his way to hold np to con tempt Australia and the Australians, and it was resolved—" That this branch resents the Mr H. F. Richardson notifies several special lines of farin,'j3uxry and orehard-produce at" to day's sales. - Although the question u Should Victorian Parliaments elect their own Ministers " is not one of .special:prominence at the present time, it nevertheless' provided ;ample matter: for "a good impromptu debate at the Geelong Mutual Improvement Asshcaalaon'B meeting" last Mon day. .The team in-favor of the present system of election was led "by the president, Mr-Frank Apted. his associates being MessrsX. NiehoDs, WV Snmmerfield Jones, C.Hobbs and Geo. and R. Lindsay. Their opponents, Messrs Geo. H. Brownhill (leader). E. A. Day, R. Stout. P. ^Butchers, R. L. Jackson, T. Edgar and A. Nott, so convincingly advocated the desirability of a change, however, that the judge, Mr E. D.Wilcox, awarded them ; the victoxy by a small majority. Mr E. Ferguson presided over tv fair atten dance of members at the usual weekly meeting of St. Mary's C.Y.M. Society.. Two new mem bers were admitted to membership." It was announced that the gymnastic class was to be resumed on the 29th met., under the tuition of Mr Thos. Kelly. It was decided to hold the annual picnic on the 26th January, 1899. A letter of condolence was ordered to be sent to Mr Barnes, who • recently suffered a sad bereavement. ; . The. remaining portion of the Magazine ' was a thfen proceeded with by the editor, Mr P. J. Fennell,' the articles were excellent, and reflect great credit on the writers. A hearty vote of thanks," moved by Mr Geo. Halpin, seconded by Mr J. J. Lannigan, and supported by Messrs Walsh and Caffrey, and the Rev, Father Morris, was accorded to the editor. Mr Neil Campbell will sell cn Friday, 2nd December, at44 Allen Tale," Leopold, furni ture, buggy, horse, cows, etc., and on Wednes day, 7th December, on the premises, Corio strcet, capital butchers shop and dwelling, lately occupied by Mr Deanc. Ues=rs A. J. Young and Co.T will sell on Friday next, at '} o'clock, iu the room?, choice collection of pot plants: and on Saturday, at d o'clock, good vr.b. residence, on the premises, Picton-strcet, Geelor.g West. In our auction column^ it will bn noticed that Messrs Shrirnptcn and fctrong will sell in their rooms cn Thursday. 1st December, a compact farm atMoolap, with ncwly-crected house, etc., situated within two xnilea of Geelong. Tenders arc invited by the Geelong Frotcs- , rant Orphan Asylum for hreweod, closing . to-morrow at 10 o'clock. J Messrs H. Etomfield Brown and Co. will sell 1 in the rooms to-day, 24th inst., at 2 o'clock | p.m.. n good agricultural and grazing properly I situated at Bcrcmboke. containing -id acres 1 | rood 7 perches, by order of Miss Lcvereit. I 