I OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF. ! New Year's live and holiday time one doe.-; no! fee) inclined for steading reading. Even short stories have to be very good if they are to hold our attention. One feels more inclined to dip here and there in some well-known volume welcoming favourite thoughts and expressions like old friends: that we are glad to meet again, as some one said to me in a letter I received lately. And 1 think that the thoughts that we can take away from their surroundings and dwell on singly are most welcome. A line from this poet, a verse from that, and so on. Have you never in reading come suddenly on. some line or phrase worn - threadbare by ?constant use-or 110, let us be kinder and suy, ' "familiar to our lips as household words''-and said to yourself-"Dear me! I know that well enough, but I did not know it was here?"' We often use quotations with only ihe vaguest idea of where they come from some dim idea of the author we may have, but not of the exact whereabouts of the extract. Suppose I give you some quota tions, and we see how many of them you can trace. Some of them are very easy, and some not so well known, but all are from well-known poets, liere they are: 1\. "Old times were changed, old manners gone." ? 2\. "The old order changeth, yielding place to the new," I 3. "llowe'er it lie. it seems to me, 'Tis only noble to be good." "0, what a tangled well wo weave, WI.en first wo practise to deceive." 0\. "1 cannot tell liow llio truth may be, ? I say Hie tale as 'twas said to me.'- j C. "Are there no beggars at your gate. Nor any i>oor about your lands i" i 7\. "The homely sympathy that heeds ; The common life our nature breeds, | A wisdom fitted for our needs." 1 E. ''Live I so live I. ! To :ny lord heartily, To my prince faithfully, j To my neighbour honestly, ] Die 4, so die I." | 9\. "Not enjoyment and not sorrow, Is our destined raid and way; j But to act that each to-morrow Finds as further than to-day." 10\. "Build lo-dav, then, strong and sure, With a firm and ample base, And ascending and secure Shall to-morrow find its place." IX. "Is it that man is soon deprest? j A thoughtless thing; who once unblcst, Does little on liis memory rest, Or on liis reason. And thou woulds't teach liiiu how to find A shelter under every wind, A hope for times thai arc unkind. And every season V" 12\. "See the kitten on the wall, Sporting' with the leaves that fall, Withered leaves one-two-and three From the lofty elder-tree! I would fare lite that or this, Find my wisdom in my bliss; Keep the sprightly soul awake. And have faculties to take, liven fi»m things h.v sorrow wrought, Matter for a jocund thought; Spite of care, and spite of grief, To gambol with the falling leaf." 13\. "My own dim life should teach me this Tiiat life filial! live for ever more, Else eartli is darkness to the covc, And dust and ashes'all that is." I 11. "There is no death I What seems so is transi > tion. , i This life of mortal hicath j Is hut a suburb of the life elysian, Whose portal we cull death." 15\. "Ring out wild bells to the wild sky, The flying cloutf, the frosty light. The year is dying in the night; Ring out wild bells and let him die." 10\. "Then, too, the Old Year dieth, And the forests utter with a moan, Like the voice of one who crieth In the wilderness alone. Vex not his Ghost." | 17. "Full knoedeep lies the winter snow, ' And the winter winds are wearily sighing, Tell ye the Church hell sad and slow, And tread softly, and speak low, For the old year lies a-d.ving." Old year, you must not die; Vou came to us so readily, Yon lived with us so steadily, Old year, you shall not die. There. Some of them you will find easily. Some will be more difficult. See Iiovr many you eau find. Send me the numbers so: Number. Name of poem. Author. I One thing more and I will answer my : letters. ! _ Who can send me the best set of quota tions about the coining of the New Year? i In sending it give the name of the poem from which each is taken, and the author. I Let me have the answers to search ques-; tions and lists of quotations by January 14. I shall look out for theni with the greatest; interest. Kenilwortli-avenue, Norwood, December 18. j ! Dear Magpie-Do you mmd me having another ! c-hal with you? 1 wanted lo tell you about the books J have read since last 1 wrote. I have not been able to read much, as my studies took up such a lot of my time. The first book I read was i "Little-Fishers and their .Nets," by'"Pansy." Jt was very much like "The King's Daughter," by I the same author. 1 enjoyed it very niucn .'or all I that, though. Next was "An Old-l-amuoned Girl," ' by Miss Alcott. I did not care for it at all. It seemed such a dull book, just the same life from | one month to another. The friend that lent it to me thought it was a lovely book; but it would not do if we all had the same tastes and all liked | the same books, 1 suppose. After that, 1 read "At the Mercy of Tiberias," by A. Br Wilson. I cn- I joyed it very much, but it is the first of Wilson's books I have read, so 1 don't know what her others are like. I did not think it at all silly or i Bciitiinejital. Heryl, I thought, was a very noble, ! brave character. Then 1 read "A Bad Boy's Diary," which was very amusing, 'though I'm , afraid not very instructive. Georgie was a very i mischievous young rascal. He was constantly get- j ting into scrapes one way or another, but it was i never his fault. Innocent: little lamb lie called ! himself. The next was "The Uhannings" and its i sequel "Holand Yorke," by Mrs. Henry Woods. | These books were just lovely. Roland was the most aggravai ing being alive. Nobody could help liking him. He was so candid, and never a thing did ho conceal. Once, when he stole a £20-note, ! and the blame fell on Arthur Chamiing, his dearest friend, it was a'very hard tiling tor him to conceal it, so he rjn away to Port Natal, there to make his fortune, and he came home penniless. In some J places the hook is very sad; but Ketch, the porter (Mi\ C;tlcraft as the College lioys called him), came creeping- up and made you laugh. Poor old i Ketch with his tripe and onions. It was a shame for the boys to teaae him, though. If you have j read these books, will you'mind giving nie your opinion of them, please? Which of Scott's hooks should 1 read first.? I can get any I like, but 1 don't know which to read first, so perhaps you could help me. 1 am going to read "Aunt .lane's Hero" next, by E. Prentiss. Now I must con elude. I remain, yours sincerely-Lconie Weiss. Mind you "having another chat" with me! Why, of course, I do not. I never in tended that all tlie "'-Bookshelf" talk should be mine. As to the "Old- fashioned Girl" I am rather surprised at your not liking it.' It had a particular charm for me, and I! : thought it taught me miniy tilings. Perhaps 1 : you read it hastily, for the story only; if so, . you will find it dull, for there is little in i-ident. We certainly have not all the. same tastes, for I simply cannot take Miss Wil : son's books seriously. I have had many a i laugh over them, particularly the more j pathetic parts, her characters do such very ' extraordinary things, I really think 1 riust j have a talk about her books sometime, to -, show you what I mean. I remember read ; ing that "Bad Boy's Diary" years ago, and j enjoying it ; how it would strike me now I j i do not know. No-w one wo-rd seriously: can i you call a character who steiils money and j lets eovne one else take the blame "candid?" i t should call him a sneak-a particularly I mean sort of sneak. I suppose we have all 1 } a rather wann comer in our hearts for reck- j less, heedless, happy-go-lucky characters, I but anything underhand is simply despi- j cable. One great danger in reading is that i 'the interest of the story,, or the cleverness of the writing, may blind lis to the good j eld distinctions between right and wrong. Think for yourself, and do 'not )>a per- ' .suaded by any sort of iuggb'ng that b'ack is j white. As to Seott, 1 should say "lvanhos," j 'The Talisman," or "Guy Manncving." The \ Jirsfc\aud second are in the time of Richard I t-onr (k* Lion, the third is later. There, see ! wb-it a long answer* I have given you! i Thank you again for the pretty card you j ser.t. 1 SUi»eel. Parksido, December 10. i>-,-;ir Maarpie--Iu reading your letter in last Saturday's "Journal," I was very much interested in your suggestion. I tliink it is a good idea, and I am sending you a few Christmas numbers as a beginning. I hope you will'get a great many more from other members of our "Sunbeam Bookshelf." Since my last letter to you I have got two books by "Pansy"-"Ester llcid Asleep and Awake" and "Ester Reid Vet Speaking." I am reading the first, and so far as I, have read I like it very veil. I am going to try to get "Sara Crewe," by Mrs. Hodgson Burnett, also the "Christmas Carol," by Dickens, wliich you told us about last week. I lilted your description of it so much that I want to read the book. I must not foi-gct to tell you that I have had "Nicholas Nickclby," by the same author, lent to me since you wrote about it several weeks ago, and that I liked it very much. Wishing you and all the membra; of our "Bookshelf" a merry Christmas and a happy new year, I remain, yours sincerely, Ellie Wemyss. I acknowledged the Christinas numbers last week, but must tliank .you again. They were the first to come in, so our "Sunbeam Bookshelf" for other people started with an "Observer" (that was only right) and two ' Australasians." I wonder how it will go on? Any one who has been ill will know what a blessing a book is in time of sickness, when the hours are so long and life so dull. I hare a promise of so- me more papers, but so far yours are the only ones received-you were so very prompt, you see. Thank you, dear, that is a great tiling in giving. 1 am pure you will like the Carol. When you come to the part about Tiny Tim with his little crutches think of that Christmas tree last week when I met you, and of the boys who sang. Tf "Uncle Tom's Cabin" helped to free the slaves the "Carol" has done much to keep alive the true Christmas spirit. Telegraph Office, Aldinga. Dear Magpie-Suppose you have almost for gotten me? Such a long while since I wrote, but I've not quite forgotten the "Bookshelf;" have been watching its progress with interest. I've not picked out mv favourite author yet. Don't care for the few read lately. Perhaps you will recommend some. Will give names of those read Lately. "St. Vedes," by Annie S. Swan, which I thought was very interesting; "Infelice," by A. J. Wilson; veiy interesting; "Lorna Doon," by R. D. Blackmore; "lshmael Pengilly," "An Outcast," and "The Birthright," by Joseph Iiocking; "One in Charity," Silas K. Hocking; "Johnny Ludlow" (third series); "A Life's Secret," "The Shadow of Ashlyd.vat" and "Lord Oakburn's Daughters," by Mis Ilenry Woods. I think "Lord Oakburn's Daughters" tfio best I've read of hers. "Ven detta" and "Thelma," by Marie Corclli. Have you ever read "Thelma?" I think it's lovely, only ends rather abruptly. "Little Lord Fauntlc roy," by Mrs. P. H. Burnett (lie was a little love); "Beulah,". A. J. Wilson; ? "What's Bred in the Bone," Grant Allen; ''The Pine Needles," Wcthcrell; "A Bid for Fortune," Guy Boothby; "Aldersyde," a border story of seventy years ago, Annie S. Swim; "Dorothy," M. !2. L.; "Looking Backward," "Miss Ludington's Sister," and "Dr. Ueidenhoft's Proecss," Edward Bellamy's works, "J)oreei>," by Edna Lyall, and just going io start "Donovan," by lier. See if it's as nice as "Doreen." "Little Women," Louisa M. Alcott. Joe was the best character in the book-so natural and lively. Think I've told you all for tliis time. Am going to try and write an essay when I decide which author liked best, and the why. Now, wishing you and the "Bookshelf greater success, hope you will tell me the names of some niee books think suitable, compliments of the season, yours sincerely, Maude Oonlou. Age 10 years and 10 months. No, I had not quite forgotten you - 1 remembered your writing. I will try to think of some books for you. I must go through a course of Marie Corelli, reading carefully, before answering your question so far 1 must confess that she does not ap peal to nie. I shall be glad to see your essay, though, you know, the competition is over. Isow for the books. \ou can hardly go wrong with Edna Lyall. You will like "Donovan." Do you like Scotch books? If so, there are "Beside the Bonnie Briar Hush" and "In the Days of -An 1(1 Lang Syne," by Ian Maclaren, also Barrie's "A Window in Thrums," and "Auld Licht Idylls." If you do not like that style, we must be strictly .English. Have you read any of ? Mrs. Gaskeli's books? "Wives and Daughters," and "North and South" are both delightful. Of William Black's it is hard to choose say "Briseis, and "In Far Lochaiber" those are both delightful. A book I have just read and enjoyed is "The Tragedy of the Kcrosko," by Con an Dovle: it is all the more interesting because the scene is laid in the Soudan - up near Omdunnan. Will that do for the present? I should like you to read' something besides fiction, though - travel, biography, historv, or essays. I am just reading Mrs. Oliphant's "Literary History of England." I have only glanced at it, but if it is as good as it looks, so far, you will hear more about it. A book of hers that you would like is "Historical Sketches of the Keign . of George the Second." Muriel Carter, Jessie and C. Lillie Smith, Trixie Bennett, and AVinuie Dungleson -have sent me cards they give my desk a delightfully Clirist massey look-thank you one and all. ". T. lv.-Thank, you, too, for the "little bit of 'Ivissmiss'" all for my own self, and the most kind letter that came with it. The book 1 am looking forward to - it is put aside for a quiet time, when I can read steadily and between the lines. 1 know the chair I shall choose- a restful one, as you suggest. I am thinking of the shady corner. Thank you, also, for the kind things you have said about my "Chatter." 1 have gone on week after week freely speaking my own real thoughts and feelings as if to some friend of the understanding kind - wondering, sometimes, if there was such a person. Now, to my delight, I find not one, but several. The knowledge that I liave given pleasure, and all the kindness shown to me, has made this the happiest Christmas I have had for many years, and the outlook towards the New Year a plea sant or.e. Tliank you again for the -letter and the book-and the pretty soft green marker with its motto-"I have sought- re >ose everywhere, and only find it in a ittle comer with a little book." Yes-I like it very much. Now, a happy New Year to you all-1 may we all be wiser and better when we come to the end of it. It is the last of the century, so Ave must make the most of it. MAGPIE. 