LOCAL AND GENERAL ITEMS, The Hbalth op Db. Mu.hbat.— On inquiring this afternoon if any word had been received from Dr. Dwyer, regarding the health of the Bishop of Maitland, we were informed by Father Gleeaon thab no communication hud yeb been received, and it was surmised from this bhac bhe venerable prelate wbb nob in ao serioua d condition aa ab first feared. Typhoid,— Happily we are in a position to record an abatement in bhe fell disease of bypboid, which' recently^ threatened to become seriously epidemic in the district. Yesterday, however, a lad named Charles Threlfo, some fourteen or fifteen years of ago, residing with his parents near tho liver bank in Hunter-street, wob removed to the hoBpital, suffer ing from tho fover. This is bhe only case news of which has reached us for some days. Water Brigade Boat-shed, — Mr. John James, the contractor for alterations, additions, and im provements to tho boatahed of the Wett Maitlaud VVatar Brigade on Walsh Purfc, Horseshoe Bend, iB busily engaged on the work with a stuff of men. The building is being painted on the exterior, lined on the interior, and a bathroom is also to be erected. The bouts, soulls, etc, are in excellent order, and when bhe cotitrncb ib completed the members of the Brigade, will have what they thoroughly deserve, very comfortable quarters. ? St. Joseph's Literary and Debating! Sooibtt, East Maitland.— The usu*l weekly meeting of the above society wan held in St. Joseph's Schoolroom 'on Monday night last. In the absence of the Presi dent, Mr. T. Brooder presided. There wbb a largo attendance of members. Two new members, were admitted. The secretary was instructed to write to, St. John's Debating Society, asking the mem bers of tbab Society to meet those of St. Joseph's aooiocy in a lriencuy debating conteat at an early date. The Premier (Mr. Carlton) introduced the question ' Was the execution of Charles I. justifi able' for debate. Speaking ab considerable longth he pointed oub the many unconstitutional acts' of Charles, and which acts he argued justified the people in executing him. Messrs. J, Ferry, P. Ferry, jun., and W. Dwyer supported him. Mr. P. Fsrry, senr., spoke in opposition, and pointed oub thab the privileges enjoyed at the time of which he was speaking were privileges derived from bhe grace and permission of the ancestors of Charles and of himself. He was ably assistod by L. Dwyer. The Chairman then put the question to tho meeting, and a small majority resulted in favour of the Ministry. The question for debate on next night ib 'Whioh is bhe greater evil, drink or gambling P' The present Ministry say gambling. Finn Brigade' Association, — Tho quarterly meeting was held laBb evening, at Newcastle. Ib was decided by tho meeting bo form a band, con sisting of members of the brigades aesoniated. A pionic will be held on Eaeter Monday ab Bucken field. The, West Maitland Brigade secretary wrote that his brigade was willing to join the Associa tion ; tho brigade was therefore added bo bho list of membership. Mr. Aird, of East Maitland, stated that the carnival to be held there on bhe 24th May was under tho auspices of the Athletic Club, and ho would like bo hear some suggestions as to the most desirable events ta be placed on (ho pro gramme. It was decided to recommend an oight mon race, four-men engine, four-men reel, and four men hose and ludder contests. Aooidunt. — Yesterday an accident happened bo one of bhe scholars of bhe Mainland High School, named Jarvia. Ho was amusing himself upon the trapeze at bhe school, whon he by somo moans fell, and sustained a fracture of both bones of one of hia armB. Order op Sales.— The following order of fat* stank Bnles will be obBarvod at bhe munioipal sale yards to-morrpwi — H. J. Marshall, lj B. W. Sparke, 2t J.'ilaright, 3( J. N. Brunkor and Son, -t; O. K; Young, 6. West Maitland Firh Brigade Board.— Ab a meeting of bho board this morning, at Messrs. Wolfe, Prenbioo, and Go's, office, the question of making further additions to bhe station was de batod. Ib was deoided bo erect a room for the ac commodation of bwo single men, who, ib is thought, will bo willing to Bleep on the promises without' romunorntion. Ib is intended to place bhe room ab the aide of bho building, over bhe present side entranoe, leaving tho spaoe beneath froo from ingress' or egress ; its stairway will des cend near tho baok of tho main building, by which means the men . will reach tho baok en trance to bhe main room in whioh the hose, roel, telephone, eto., are kept. Ib had been suggested that it would bo well to erect stables and havo ahorse ready to convoy tho appliances to any parb of bhe town with greater dispatoh than is at present possible; but some difference of opinion exists, and the question has been dropped for the present. The Superintendent was nod presenb ab tho meeting, but his idea is that it would bo betror to provide a oouplo of cottages close bo bho rear of tho station, in Froo Church-street, and havo a couplo of raurriod mon resident in them. Married men are loss liable to shift bheir quarters than aro ' single man. If single men are gob to reside on the premises, they may ab any time get out of work and go bo live in somo othor town whero work is provided for them, and their plncos would parliapa be hard to fill. Another suggestion of bhe Suporintondsnt'n is thab ib would bo bettor, if single men wero engagod, to build a room on top of tbo new room on tho west Bide of bho station. Hero thoy would bo a great deal closor bo tho telephone — tho nrBt place for whloh a fireman musb make to ascertain the locality of a fire. The Superintendent's long ox perlonco and his competence Bh'ould give great weight to his suggestions. Fire Brigades Sports and Atjiij_tio Gather ing.— Tbo Easb Maitland Abhletio Olub is preparing a Bpleudid programme, comprising sevor.ul firo brigade oon tests and abhlctlo ovents. Tho com mibtoo aro only waiting to ascertain what would bo most suitable for bho firo brigado contests, when bbo programme will bo published in bho Mar our y. It will ' bo found . to contain ooveral novelties. About .£35 will bo given away as prizo money; and some 18 firo brigades aro cxpeotad to tako purb in tho ovonts [allotted them. Tho gathering will, as usual, takoplace on tbo 24th May ; and tho Soorotacy. (Mr. S. J. Bailey) 'will bo ploaned to supply any information in connection thorowith. ,Piioduoe at tub 'Unions, — At tho ealos to-day produco was again plentiful, molons monopolising a large amount 6f room and. bho time of bho auctlonoors, ul though pricos to-day ahowed a gonoral fall on bhoso raalisad for tho fruit lasb week. Tho senHon for them is nearly dono. Good fruit' sold well, and bhoro was brisk bidding for somo aplondid baking applua. Potaboos muy bo quoted a shada easier, somo good samples being disposed of. 'Enbing pumpkins woro in largo supply, and thoro wore BOinoimmonso grammas in tho yard. Ono specimen of tho buglo gramma rausb have boon four feot from ond to ond. Good grapos aro inquirod for, bub inferior descriptions havo almost to bo given away, Hggs continues to bring a good prioo, nnd buttor soils up to Od. A largo nuanbltv of hay was proBont to bo disposed of, and ib was oxpeobed by somo farmers thab a alight drop would tako plaoo in bhe prico. ? Pobmo Holiday.— Somo tlmo ago, Mr. Fitst Qorald, M.P. for Robarbaon, communloatod with fcho Wosb Maitland . Oonnoll, asking- if Maitland would aeroo to a publlo holiday for Muawollbrook Show, Yostorday, bho Mayor (Mr. Alex. Wilkinson) received the following communication on tho Bubjeob i — ' Proclamation published in supplemen tary Government Qaeclto, appointing Thursday, 8rd proximo, a publlo holiday in tho distriotB of Baab and Woab Maitland and Mumuundi. Cmtohhtt Walicbr.' The notlfloatlon will principally intoreab thoso trnnBaoting bUBlnoes with tho Banks or Qovornment ofllcos, as all those Inotltutiomj will bo closed. Design for Prize Certificate. — During tb.0' great flood of 1803, among othor things destroyed was tho steel plabe from whioh was struck off tho first oIbsb or champion cerbifioabes issued by tho Hunter River Agricultural and Horticultural Asso ciation. Ib was kept in the iron safe in the Seore bary's office and when examined it was found that aotion of the flood waters had so eaten into the plato aB to render it useless. It being known thab the Association were desirous ?£ obtaining a new design, a gentleman in the district submitted one some months ago. It ia a highly arbiatio ono and very expreBBive of tho aimsand objuots of tho Association. The cost baa been the only impedimenb in bho way; but the matter has now become urgent. Some exhibitors won certificates at last Bhow, and aro pressing for them,, while another show is approaching. It was there fore felt that aotion was nnooseary. The drawer of tho dosign offered to procure a phoboline plato o£ hia design for £25, which inoluded tho copy rlghb' to the drawing. At ? bhe meeting 'of tho committee on Monday tho offer was ac cepted. The now certificate oompriaes a number of small pictures in bordera of trees, foliage, and frulta, forming an irregular border all round) leav ing tho centre clear for tho Dame of the Association, prize winner, &o.; In the centre of bhe top is a pioture of a team of bullooks, drawing a load of wool bhroueh bhe foresbj on either side ib is aup porbed with views of a settler's homestead, and an aboriginal gunyah, with the gin sitting in cae opening; atm tho blaokfellow starting out wibh spear and boomerang in pursuit of gnine. On ono side of bhe oenbre is a vignette showing a farmer ploughing with a couple of horses, and on the obher 'a group of dogs of various breeds. At bho bottom cornor on ono side is a group of cattle standing or lying under the trees, and on the obher a flock of sheep being rounded up by a faithful collie, while some sheaves of whnat Btund in the field in the foreground; while in the cenbre is a steeplechaser flying a gate, with an emu and group of kangaroos in bhe fore ground.' The setting of bhe different pietnres is. composed of native broeB and flowers, ferns, and fruits of various kinds, bbo whole forming a broad irregular border for bhe letberlng in the centre. The now certificate should bo highly prized for its arbiatio nierib as well as for tho prowess it certifies tO- ?'???'?'';??'???? \ Musical and Dramatic Entertainment. — Yesterday ovening an ontortainment of bhis character was given in St. Paul's PariBh room by members of the choir and othor amateurs, Thoro was a large audionoo, and everything passed off' wibhoub a hitch, bearing testimony bo tho organiz ing powerB of Mr. Scott tho organist, who ar ranged ib. The first parb of bhe programme opened wibh a ninnorarfn Annt hv Mian Hammond and Mr. Scott. M!bb Freeman oame next with a song, tho name of which wo did not obtain, and was wnll received. Miea Whithorby followed with tho song ' Whlaper and I shall hear,' and was. loudly applauded. Later she gave a second rondering and was equally well received. Mr. Waltor Why delighted tho audience wibh ' Maid of Athens' and also with his labor number. Tho Rev. Mr. Witherby gavo a reading — ' A ghost story' wibh muoh sucoaas. Mias Robinson rendorod wibh muoh acceptance 'Quoon of the earth.' Mr. Frod Oiaoknell waa suooeaaful with hie song, and Mr. B. Long gave a recitation. The negro di'ama ' Poor Peter, tho runaway slave,' was then' placed .ou fcho stago. Tho juveniles,, who havo been thoroughly drilled in their re-' apeotivo paria by Mr. Scott, gave a caplbal render ing of tho piece, and seoinod bo gob as muoh amuse ment oub of ib aa tho audionco. Tho whole per formanco was very suooesafui, and conforrod credit upon all ooncorned. Abu Wednesday— To-day baingAah Wednesday,. sarvlooB wore held ab bho different ohurohoa of Bng- / land and at the Oatholio Oburoh. ' ' \ Splendid Melons. — Somo melons shown ab bho Formers' Union to-day by Mr?Thomas O'Connoll,. Loubh Park, could nob fail bo attraob attention. Ono molon, whon weighed, proved. to bo GBlbs. ia weight, and was indeed a fine spooimon. The othor melons on bho dray were also largo, and 12 dozen weighed bwo bons. Ono buyer eaid bhe only objoatlon ho had bo bhom waa bhoy wero boo heavy, and ho would havo to payboo muoh froight. Bub tho'Blzo and quality ought to rocomponao him for that, outlay. Mr, O'Connell said ho had aovoral molons ab homo about' bho same size na tho ono weighed, and ono whioh ho thought excooded. ib in. weight. Ho waa kooptng them for aoed. The melons- woro of the Cuban Quoon variety. Mr.. O'Oonnoll aaya It ia an exoollont variety for koop ing, and it is so firm that nono aro damagod whon' a truck-load . is sent to Sydnoy or olsowhoro, aa is ? Bomotimea tho cuso with othor kinds, 