NOTES AND COMMENTS. h Glen Innes (N.S.W) is after the medal for, the" best snake story of the season so Jar, a though Maitland is certain to wrest any a ivantage from the more northern town liter on (i em arks the Glen Innes 'Exami- s ner'). This is Glen Innes'effort:—'A cjd and a snake: An 81b codfish was landed from toe Murray on Tuesday morning with the tiilofatiger snake pro> ruling from the mouth. Oa the tail being drawn out it revealed about ISin of the body of the snake, apparently in a partially assimilated conditijn.' iuere was * a heap of snake in that fiah.' # * * » An otjeeior to vaccination applied, as the l»w permits him to, for exemption on conscientious grounds— The Magis rates Clerk : On what grounds 1 Applicant: I thi^k our Creator would— Trie Magistrate's C.erfc : Oh, never mind the Creator now I Applicant: 3f it -were necessary for them to be inoculated by beast he would have done it before ihe child was born. The Magistrate's Clerk: Ton might as well say y>.ur Creator would have found you ia pockethandkercbiefs. After firing <_ff this magisterial opinion the Bench granted the exemption. »" * * » • Apparently the magistrates of Fremantle were impervious to the Melbourne Cup fever. i a On Tuesday afternoon, a reporter, in the innocence of his heart, dteming their Worships presiding at the Fiemantle Local Court would be ple&sfefl;^G learathe result of the Cnp, handedup a slip containing, 'The Grafter, 1; Wait-a-Bit, 2; Cocos, 3.' It now appears (says * West Australian') that the three adjudicating magistrates were thoroughly mystified as to the meaning of the three names .' '[Mhisis true, the magistrates should be shifted. Ihe man in Aus tralia who does not know Cup Day from Christmas time is not qualified to dispense a sleeping draught for a sick emu, to say nothing of- dispensing Westralian justice to accuseil persons. * "• . * * . .* 4 The truitgrower lifts up a minority voice in the city Press about the cause and the remedy for fruit pests The cause, he says, is our sins. The same weapons are being nsed to scourge us for our want of righteousness as were employed by Divine anger long agd against our mating forefathers. The remedy is a return to true leligious views and a ge n eral reversion to virtuous behaviour. Without wishing to reflect on the morality of fruitgrowers,' it may be said this is so. The apple scale will be always with us : the grabs and beetles and borers and flying foxes will continue to rage ; ths inspectors of fruit to incur obloquy by their wholesale condemnations, and the Department of Agriculture to offer suggestions of a more or less futile nature. Faith-healing in the fruitpest line will not thrive at present, because the world perceives that in this, as "in other things, the iuet and the unjust fere 1 pretty much the same. What is wanted to give the new scheme a fair start is an orchard or two owned by the righteous, into which none of the destructive elements that desolate those of the ungodly enter—not even the boys of the neighborhood. B W America is a land of surprises. One that may be called extraordinary, even for that country, is reported. A mutilated body was found, and a Mr Perkins identifieid it as that of his'missing daughter Grace, who had not been heard of for two weeks. There was much popular indignation against a man named Bourne, who disappeared at the same time, for Grace was a nice gH, beloved by all who knew her, and left a large circle of friends to mourn their loss. Grace came back, and so did Bourne. Grace's parents are quite affected, just after the mariner of those in Thackeray's ballad of 'The Willow Tree' The police badly wanted Bourne, and now that they have got him they do not exactly know what to do with him Rumor says the pair were married whilst absent from home. Nothing more likely. The case affords an opportunity for a parody on those lines of Burns : — Alack the day 1 That Grace should stray When love in her bosom burns. She hath wandered hen .e With that Bourne from whence No travel er returns For Bou ne and Grace Dwelt in this place, But Perkins kept the door. Then Grace went dead, And Bourne f he fled, Yet both are home once m r re. » *' , * * A claim for public sympathy is put forward on behalf of Archbishops who live in palaces and have five-figure incomes^ They are obliged to spend so much on gaidan parties and Buch like entertainments that, big as their salaries are. ttiere is no money in the business. It is stated that the leading Archbishopric of England are run at a I.OBS to those whom the uninitiated regard as haying the good fortune to. be in po session of them. Hence, without a man has private means," he cannot, accept arch-episcopate office. Likely enough this ia all true, for even on a mitre it is not necessarily all gold that gutters It is a fortunate thing for the ChWfiU, therefore, that this state of things did riot exist when the Holy Ghost came down ia fiery tongues, for if It had "He wpuld not have found a man eligible for appointment'. It is not on record that Peter or any of the Galilee fishermen ad big private incomesfrom money invested I n gilt-edged securities, nor was there a man mongst the Apostles who had a ientroll amounting to B*hucks. The only way they could make it work was by doing without fatcalved flunkey B to hand them thing) on ilver salvers, and not being cver-solicitnus about what they should eat or what they should drink, or wherewith they might be clothed. How would it be if, instead of complaining abant the inadequacy of their ten and fifteen thousand a year pittances, their successors tried to get over the difficulty i y similar means. » » » » People interested in predictions recall the fact that the death of the sister of the Empress of Austria in the terrible Paris fire of last year was foreto'd with more than usual prophetic precision, "'his is the story, accord'Eg to the • Petersburg Herald ' : — Princess Sai hie and her sifter Marie, who became Queen of Naples, when in their teens, consulted a Gipsy, said to have the gift of prophecy- To Princess Marie, the woman said, • You will become a queen, but you will meet with deception^ and disasters, and will lose your crown. You will show gieat courage and energy in your difficulties ; but beware of red men.' Those acquainted with the history of Garibaldi's red men ' and their victory over the Bong of Naples will not find it difficult to -see in after evenis something like a fulfilment. The prediction w th regard to the Princess, who was later to become Duchess d'Alencon, was even more definite. 'You will,' the gipsy said, among other things, * not attain an advanced age. You need not feat water; bnt another element, the enemy of water • By this time the young Princesses had had enough, and, terrified, dismissed the gipsy. Princess Marie, however had reason to recall the visit when last year she wandered through the ruins of the Charity Bazaar in search of her sister Sophie. It will be interesting to see if any similar story crops up with regard to the latest victim of the assassin's knife. The worst of prophecies is that when they are told after the event they chiefly raise « suspicions. * There hes beea strange activity at Tonlon of late, and Sir Michael Hicks-Beach has warned France that-Bngland's ' foot is down.' But no one need feel in the least alarmed— the cables tell ue tHat' <the®ritiBh preBB is calm' It ia just as well (writes A.B.C. in Sydney ' Herald) to reassure people at the present juncture, so— 'THE BRITISH PRESS JS CALM.' The storm of war was rising, The British« foot was down,' The nations' angry snarling All other sounds did drown. The whole wor'd gazed affrighted, but we felt no alarm. For in the midst of all the din ' the British Press is calm.' The French fl°et met at Toulon ; Old England said,' Beware 1 Look to it how you lightly rouse o t The lion in his lair.' ut whilst the nations held th ir breath to hear the call to arm, e never turned a muscle, for ' the British Press is calm. 1 And days were black and blacker ; Fast grew the sullen cloud; And Btill the awful spectre reigned, War glowered from its red shroud. And mothers thought on soldier sons, and prayed against their harm With silly tears, forgetting quite ' the British Press is calm.' Oh, British Press! Oh, noble Press 1 For ever keep your head, When nation springs at nation's throat, Do not you be misled ; But 'midst the wreck of crumbling thrones be this your soothing balm : * All's going well, there's nought to fear; observe that we are calm.' B I 