THE WORLD'S DISCARDED. £Fur the B.uiuir.H MIXEH.] Our hearts were wurm when tito yews weut.by,aud tlio earth mid sky vero fair. Anil JIOJKJ on its strong, swift wings soared lügh tu thc light of the M thing* that were ;** Then thc way of the world wu u joyous way, and tho sou? of thu world wm sweet ; And Ught and Laughter and Love held sway, and Life 1 In our puUss beat. Eut ihosa were tho days when a friendly clasp waa honest and Arm and true, AV lien a hand outstretched could meet the grasp of a limul uud heart we knew, Ere thc poisoned faug of a doubt could send right home to our hearts a thrust. Or we took the hand of au carly friend with the polu of a grave mistrust. So thc Life Star boldly blazed above, and the light of a Lore Star led 1 The wity we trod through a world of Love to a glorious world ahead, ! With ooah* unfettered to earthly care, with never a 1 cloud to mar Thc light and love of tlio things that were tliat merged lu tho tlihigs that arc. Hut daylight fades when thc red sun dips far down on tito western ¿lopes, * And tho cup' was dashed from our cager Ups, an emblem of bim tte re. I hopes ; And we hamed tho lesson of life, well taught, at tho coat of our stubborn pride, AV li tn the carly dreams with the hopes they brought deep burial lay side by side, Vet drifted out to tho shadowdand that borders n world's despair ¡ Our heart», deep scarred with the outcast brand, wera crushed 'ucnth a weight of care ; Tlio land of our Lost Illusions lies deep down in thu waited yean, And their phantom fonm from tho post arise titra* the mist of a sud world's tears. WIillo an echo ringi to our hearts again with thc sting ot a poignant grief - A voice that sing* with an anguished strain, the wall of » tait belief; - A song nt tho passions and hopes and dreams that went with the things that were. Ain! followed the trend of the treacherous streams to Ute flood of a grim despair* We druin the cup (in the silent night, wheu sliadows ronud us prca Ami thou glitt go back lu a dismal flight) to the drips of Ita bitterncii ; When mocking ghosts of the things that were como bock o'er the hidden years, Aul wc feel thc pain of a dull despair, thc anguish of niched tears ; And Death to our aching hearth draws near, Ills grey | wings stretch acre*1, j Willie over thc starry sky we hear tha wail of a Life** remorse ; And deep I» our souls a voice awakes when the passing j pltautoms throng, And a bitter cry from our wblto Hps breaks-"How long sim ll it last, how loug'r" How lony ? A-»'1 ft *nà voice answer* back-While tho CCOJCICSJ years go post We shall mourn tho lofts of thc things wo lack as lou? as tho earth shall last i But none may know of tlio weight that lies close bound to our hcarU to-day, And none shall read lu our aching eyes thc pain o I the paru we play. Thaïe are things lu tho depths of our soul* we hide tha never a wonl imparts, For the niko of tho shred* ot thc broken pride that cling? to bur breaking hearts. And so wc follow thc dreary track, who find that the way H hard. Till tho Gates of Hell fdr oar soul§ swing back-the gates of thc world arc barred 1 White dig). 