DAYS OF DANGER. [copyright.] Thrilling .Narratives of.tho.Busliranglng \- Times. ' . . -v Keenan's Ghost. ?' BY CAPTAIN. LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PARTI. IN May/ 1846, a surveying party em ployed by the Van Diemau's Land Government in the north-west part of £he' island mot with a strange experience in the neighbourhood of Mount, Valen tine, a huge peak adjacent to the world famous Mount Bischoff, which boasts tho richest tin mine in the universe. The party were under the gmdance ot anex porienced leader named Evan Edwards. As tho name implies, Edwards was Welsh to the backbone and Bpinal marrow, though his college training in London had smoothed away the roughness of his accent, which in his youth wns rugged as his native hills. The practical life he led did not, however, mollify the deeply rooted vein of superstition which ran through his nature, and he was prone to see signs nnd portents where really no cause to introduce the supernatural was apparent. He had four men with him, named John Weston, Edward Jones, Miohaol Kconan, and Joseph Walsh. They were hardy young fellows who loved the rough life which their occupation entailed, and managed to judiciously combine business with pleasure. Tho wild crags and dark glens which had been familiar to Evan Edwards in his yfluth paled into nothing ness before the stern majesty of nature in tho localities which the party wore endeavouring to explore. ? , They wero in tho great hollow formed by Mount Valentine, Bidel's Bluff, and Cradle Mountain, with tho great ranges running like spires to connect them. From tho first mount right to the southern ocean at Arthur Bay, a distance of fifty miles, a Vast range extended to. the West with long Bpurs jutting out at intervals to the north and'approaching Bass Straits. North and south of tho main range rivers of more or leBS magnitude ran. The most important were Arthur, Hellyer, Emu, Cane, Detention, Black Duck, and Montague rivers. To the south of Mount Yfilentino a perfect network of ranges bewildered the observer. Cradle Moun tain foi.med a magniiicont background to the wild scene aB it rose with its vener able crown of Bnow. In the Waratah Rfingits other rivers, suoh as the Pieman, Donaldson, Coldstream, and Huakison, took their source, so that the whole of the north- wost corner of the island waB splendidly, watered, The rugged hills and towering cliffs which everywhere met the eye, intercepted with narrow and profound glens, to say nothing of the denso vegetation, made, however, settle ment rather a ditfioult matter. It was a :region for the miner rather thau for the ; farmer,:. ; ? (The first shock whioh came. upot\ thq meu was in a deep ravine near tho southern base of Mount ' Valentine, Every stop had literally to be fought with tho axe. It was rare, indeed, that an open space was found over which the chain could be ran. The track had to be made with hard and unremitting labour, and in doing this the men had at times narrow escapes from the reptileB which infested H10 district. The dense under growth of orbepinp plants whioh entwined with the shrubs and trees often necessi tated a week's work to cover a quarter of a mile' of country. Tho rough axemen saw nothing 111 the locality but the sylvan barriers, yet a botaniBt or a geologist — aud indeed to a lesser extent the zoologist — would have revelled in the profusion of animated and inanimate nature which was scattered around. It was little wonder that the members of tho survey party considered they were the firat white men who had ever pene trated the region. In days gone by, before the ' black battue ' took place, the aboriginal might have roamed 'at large, though probably not in numberB, as they would prefer the more open and equally fertile central districts. On the morning of the 3rd May, 1840, Keenan was leading man in cutting tho narrow traok through a deep and pecu liarly wild glen whioh ran at tho southern base of the mount. Tho bauri vine in places almost shut ont the light of day, but that dreaded horizontal creeper did not prove such an obstacle to progress as tho ordinary upright scrub, as the chain could be carried along underneath the former, though it was really Burvey ing in twilight. Keenan had just reached a more than usually obstinate Bpot near tho foot of a gigantio treo which towered faraboveits fellows, and was silently blaspheming tho luxuriance 'of nature, when a ahoot of bark was exposed by the last vicious tug he gave at some severed undergrowth. It is certainly not an unusual circum stance lo moot with Bheeta of bark in a locality whore it abounds, but thiB particular ahoot of stringy-bark had a peculiar fascination for the trackmakor. Resting the axe. on the ground, he loaned on the handle and contemplated it for some seconds with a puzzled look on his face. The reason for this was soon obvious. The ' broad piece was about Beven feet long and two feet six inches broad, and it was cut at both ends as by an axe- or hatchet. ' The oliops on it wore quito plain, though judging by its appearance, the bark had lain at the spot for two or three yonrs. In places it had been torn away as though by wild animals, and there was something so uncanny about the whole thing that the Irishman did not care to touch it until he had the company of one of his mates. He was about to oall out for WeBton, whom ho knew was close behind, when on turning he saw the leader himself coming up. ' What's the mattor, Mike ?' he askod as he noticed tho perturbed look on the face of the man. ' I don't know,'Bir.' There's something here I can't quito make out. It looks as if some whito men had been hero afore us. Look at that piece of. bark. It's been cut with an axe,' said Keonan. Eyan.EdwardB took a quick glance at tho object indicated, and then burst into a loud laugh. 'Did it never occur to you, Mike, that the blacltfollows are able to use toma hawks and axes, and that most of them carry those useful articles? Don't you see tho blacks have done this 1' 'Well, I novor thought about that afore. Of course I boo it now,' answorod Keenan, joining in tho laugh. ' l'll movo it, at any rate, rtnd see if ould Niok hiniBolf be hid under it. Perhaps wo may find a gold mine about.' As ho spoke he lifted tho axo and triod to Bhove tho heavy sheet of bark off tho spot on which it lay, but it did not yiold so easily to his efforts. , 'f, ' Don't oatch it like that, Mike. Thoro may be a few anakes under it,' cried Edwards, as Keenan dropped tho axo and was about tp lift it with hia hands. Having a healthy fear of being taken unaware by one of the reptiles which the Irishman abhorred, he stopped, and lifting a stick, the chief of the survey party gave him a hand to romove the sheet of stringy-bark. It yielded, so to speak, reluctantly, as though it wero human and like a person in tho witness-box feared to givo up an important aeorot. At laBt it broke suddenly away and Blid down about a foot ou the stoop incline whero it was lying. Both men aprung back as if indeed half a dozen hiBsing aerpents were about to apring at them, for there was a mystery revealed by the act. A silent grinning skull, unspeakably grim nnd portcntoua in such a place, looked up — or. at lennh t.n tho mnn. nnnnnrpri fn rm*n at thom from tho oyoless pockets. The akull — ao much of it as was uncovered — seemed perfect enough, but only a por tion of the'sHeletpn was.ns-yet laid bare. ' For nearly a minuti) both men looked at eaoh' other alternately with a glance at the skeleton, but neither spoke, and bb they were thus mute, Jones and Weston made thoiradvonton tho strange scene and quickly saw what had fascinated their comrades. ' It is the skeleton of an aboriginal, I suppose,' romarked Jonos. 1 No, it's nothing of the sort, so far as I can see. Wo must take off the bark altogether and make a thorough examin ation. Aboriginals don't wear boots and white men's clothes ; and can't you see a boot-too sticking out at tho end there ? Lift off the bark so thnt we may get a proper view,' answered Edwards. Now that the first shock of the dis covery was over and there were four men present, the instructions of the chief were quickly carried out, and the ghastly relics laid bare. There wore merely the bones, and with one or two exceptions they were all present, a somewhat re markable fact when it is considered that numerous wombats were in the locality, and being omnivoroua, they are of course not particular what kind of food they eat. ? A pair of well-worn boots still encased the feet-bones, or rathor contained them, for most of tho bones had -become dis united. A rough skin cap, presumably an oppoasum skin, was beside the skull, and sundry fragments of clothing showed that in all human probability the relics were thoBe of a whito man. Poking about the debris with' a stick, Edwards struck something hard, which gavo forth a motallic sound, and it was quickly uncovered. It proved to be a small tin case about five inches long, four inches wide, with an aperture not more than one inch ncroBS. It had the lid and all complete, and did not seem to be much the worse for wear. ' What on earth can be in this ?' spoke the leader as he picked it up gingerly and looked upon the article with ardent curiosity, a feeling which was quite shared by his companions. Edwards shook the box, but it did not give forth any Bound which might indi cate its contents, and from ita lightness f he concluded- that if it was not empty it only contained papers, and he expressed' that view to those around him. ' Only papers,' replied WeBton. ? They may prove most importunt and lead to a solution of the mystery, for such. it must be. I suppose the body iB only that of some poor devil of a convict who ran away in the terrible days of Macquarie Harbour and perished here,' he added. 'Then he muBt have lived a long time after his esoape. The Macquarie station has been closed for a quarter of a oen tury, and this skeleton has not lain hero for more than throe years I should judge,' returned Jonea. ' Well, I10 might have lived for years and years in the bush. There is nothing impossible about it, I suppose,' replied Weston. ' His boots and clothing would not have laBted long in this distriot, anyhow. If he had pillaged nny of the settlers' the authorities would have heard about it, and all the country-side would have been on the qui vive. Oh, no ; the Macquarie theory won't do, Jack. We muBt have something better,' answered Jonea. ' I am of your opinion also, Ted. This body could not have lain here more than throe or four years. Tho bark was com paratively good, and tho remains aro fairly well preserved. In suoh a moist diBtriot time soon tells on anything perishable,' added Edwards, who was busy with his knife trying to take off the woll-fitting lid of the box whioh hnd been partly rusted. It was with 110 little trouble that the top of tho mysterious tin-box was re moved, nnd eager expectation rcBted on the facos of the men as they peered forward to see what it contained. On the top was a layer of wool quite dry, and this led to the conclusion that the con tents were valuable. With some anxiety Edwards removed this and Baw that the box wns filled with the same material, but out of it peeped a small piece of silvered edging. Turning the box up, tho ieader was enabled to get hold of this, and he pulled forth — not a valuable deed or document — but simply a photo graph on glass. ? ? It was a.simple daguerreotype, but the' likoness was oloar and well preservod.. It was that of a man apparently about forty years of age, but with remarkable faco and head. The latter was almost completely bald, whilst the face had an expression that once seen could not easily bo forgot ton. It was sinister in the ex treme, and the forbidding countenance was heightened by a scar whioh ran in a diagonal direction right across the fore head. A small semi-oirclo of beard ran from under each ear roand the ohin — or rather underneath it — whilst the rest of tho face was oloan-shavon. Thoro was no name or anything to indicato whose likeness it was, save tho photograph itself. That could not bo mistaken by anyone who know the original. ' Poor devil,' said Edwards, glanoing down at tho hideoUB outline of bones. ' He has left enough to idontify the body by at all events. You see, Woston, lio could not havo beon an outlaw, or at least a oonviot, and carry an article like that about. The authorities would take good care of that, you may depend. Have any of you an idea of tho original 9' he concluded as lio phBsod tho photo, round. One after another of the men examihed it, but they all emphatically answored'the question in the negative. Walsh was at the camp doing cook'B duty, and when he saw it later on he was of the same opinion bb the rest. . ' If I once saw a man like that I should not forget him in a hurry. That scar would bo enough to identify him. No, it ia a porfoct stranger to me,' he added, handing baok the photo. None of tho mon had tho least doubt that tho photo, was that of tho body beaido which it was found. That Boomed too apparont to need argument. 'The careful way' in which the photo, had been kept went far to confirm tho supposition. It was highly improbablo that one man would so cherish tho momory of another as to go to suoh troublo in keeping his likoness, and so tho survey party came to iho conclusion whioh any other five intelligent mon would arrive at. After a further exhaustive soarcli, and nothing moro being found, the next question was what to do with tho ro mains 1 It was easily answered. They must bo buried. ' We couldn't havo a better landmark than this monster hore if the police over requiro the bones,' said tho chief, glancing up at tho gigantio stringy-bark treo which uprose beside them. ' Thero isn't a bigger fellow for ton miles around, and as it is right on ourtrenchant-pog to tho north, we can easily find it again. We'll dig a grave juBt oil' tho track thoro and put the bones to rost. Got your spades, lads, and lot us mako a start.' Weston wont back and returned with a pick and a couplo of spades, and dig ging operations began. 1 I'll pool off a couplo of sheets of bark. Wo can put one under and -the- other above the bones so ob to keep them together if they aro over wanted,' said Edwards. He wont round tho huge treo to get a suitiiblo part to strip, wlion ho came upon tho identical spot where the largo sheet found on top of tho skeleton was taken from, nnd calling his comradeB, they examined it. The whole of 'the party wore good buBhmen, and th fey soon ar rived at -.the conclusion that not more than three years had elapsed sinco the tree was denuded of part of ita covering. That at least was something proved, though as Weston said, tho body might have lain at the Bpot for monthB or 'even yearB before tho bark was thrown over it. ' This man may have been dead for years when some wandering blacks dropped acrosa it and so placod the bark. If white mon had done it we would probably have hoard of the dis 1 covery, but you may depend that Euro peans had nothing to do with the affair. In the firat place they would have found the tin-box, and secondly they would havo buried tho corpse somehow. If the bones aro those of a white man, as I fully believe them to be, then they have never before bo seen by a whito porson._ A stray black has put tho bark there,' Weston argued. His comrades did not think it worth whilo to dispute the assertion, though they did not at all believe the theory. Yet in a manner they wore almoat forced to the same conclusion, for if a white man had so kindly endeavoured to givo sepulture to tho corpse, why was the matter never reported totlioauthorities? There were two answors to this. Either the good Samaritan had himself subse quently perished in the trackless wilds, or he waB interested in not giving such information. Tho latter, of course, insinuated that murder had boon com mitted, though if that ware the case it was difficult to understand why con sideration should be shown to the corpse wlion only violence was offered it in life. In a settled district a murderer has reaaonB for trying to hide the visible evidences of his guilt, but not ao in that far distant jungle.of thn.no^th-.west.as'it was in 1840. The first theory was tlie more probable. Thoro had boon a party of two or more explorers, and death had overtaken -them for their hardihood in venturing into such a deaolato region without a proper base of operations such aB a government survey party main tained. It was very likely, indeed, that the expedition, if such it was, had not been properly equipped, as tho fact that no report of two or moro men having dis appeared had ever reached tho authori ties so far as Edwards or hia men were aware. That would indicato a poor and badly arranged party, for if thoy had not friends or relatives on tho island who would be interested in their fate, they must be indeed friendless. These and a scoro of other thoughts floated through the minds of the mon aB they arranged the bones for burial. At the suggestion of Jones, tho boots and every fragment of clothing which could be found wero secured in order that they might assist, if need bo, to identification; The skull was iilso carefully examinod to ascertain if there wero any signs of violence, but it was perfectly Bound and intact. When all was completed, one of the sheets of bark cut off by Edwards was laid In tho bottom of the' gravo, and piece,by piece tho bones were arrangod in as perfect shape as possible. It was a gruesome task, especially under tho cir cumstances and amidst BUch surround ings, but the men wero not unused to rough and woird scones, and in half an hour all that romainod to show that anything unusual had occurred at tho spot waa a small mound of freshly-turned earth at the foot of tho giant tree. ' Well, -lads, we can do no more. Let us make a mark on this treo, giving tho date on which the bones were found, and who by. It is not impossible that death may overtake' the wholo of ua in this region before we havo a; chance to givo information of our find, and then usefnl nows might bo loBt to tho authorities,' spoko the loader. ' God forbid that wo should have to go under, in euch a placo as this. I don't suppose it (natters muqh to a man where I10 dioB — wlion ho is dead— but.' while alive I shall do my best to koep so,; especially until I got baok to civilisation. This isn't even a fit placo for a bandiooot to die in,' returned Jonos with a laugh. In tho meantime Keenan, who was a fine axeman, had blaized a portion of tho tree, nnd began outting the day and date, and underneath tho name of Evan Edwards and hia party. It was done in tho usual survey Btyle, and that accom plished, tho work of track-cutting was resumed. The Irishman was somewhat afraid of tho dead, though no living man oould frighten him, and many a timo during tho day he cast glancos towards tho forest giant whore the unknown lay in his otornal nleop at its baBO. To Be Continued. 