ODD VOWS. The annals of chivalry abound in records o? - vows more or less romantic or absurd. For* ' instance, Queen Joan of Naples, at a grand. ' feast at ber castle of Garta, honoured thei Knight Ga'leazzo of Mantua by opening tbe balt-r witb him. When the dance was 'finished the! ' grateful knight kneeled down before his royaj ' partner, and to fitly express bis acknowledge - raoni. oi cue nonour ne naa receivea, ne toot 4 : solemn vow to wander through the world, visit* ' iug every country where feats of arms were ' performed, and not rest until he had subdued! two valiant knights, and presented them asj prisoners at his Queen's footstool, to be disposed). - of at her royal pleasure. Tbe doughty warrior* - after a year spent in wandering all over Europe^ : returned aud brought his two prisoners to tha ? Queen. Sbe took the gift very gracefully; and, the admiring historian tells us, declined! her right to impose rigorous conditions ou ber captives, and gave them liberty without rausom. ' Whether they properly punished Sir Galeazzo for his interference with tbeir personal rights , wp *ri- nnf'. failtfi Some regard a vow as a restraining bond of a. very elastic character, especially when it inter feres witb their desires. Benedick, when he found his vow of celibacy too great a strain, upon him in the pretense of his Beatrice's; ' charms, disposes of it fearlessly and finally with the plea : ' When I said I would die a bachelor/ I did not think I should live till I .were married.*' .... Often we have the letter of the vow evaded) . with some special reasoning, and tbe spirit then; broken with impunity. For instance, a modern . Rip Van Winkle vowed that he would never ' drink another drop of liquor as long as he had hair 011 his bead. A few hours later he was met comiug out of a barber's shop with a shaven poll.; ? Damsels iu love often make strange vows. . . We all remember the case of poor Miss Harris ham, in Dickens'a story, who, was so overcome by ber lover's failure to appear at tbe wedding that she ordered everything in tbe house to be ? unchanged as it had been placed on that hap less day. Years went by, and the wedding feast remained set on the table, the- rich cakes mnuldered and were eaten by the mice, while* the poor, half-demented lady flitted in and out of the deserted rooms of tbe houBa like a ghost, always wearing tbe white dress and veil which she had put on to welcome the faithless lover who never came. ? ' . A similar case to this was that of a lady of - high rank in England, who, being jilted by her lover, went to 'bed and vowed sbe would '' never get up again, and kept her word for 25 years. A less excusable case than this was . , tbat of a man who, finding that his wife waa disposed to demand too much hard work from him, took to his bed and stayed there. For 22 years this worthless fellow stayed between the sheets, while his wife- waited ou him and fed him with peisisteur devotion. Vowb of perpetual silence are numerous, the. — only trouble being that those wbo need this' vow most do not take it. A Miss Caraline, in 1840, vowed that she would never speak another word tu any human being, because sbe bad a quarrel witb her lover. For 35 years, until . the day of her death, she was never known to utter a word. . ? ?Some years ago three sisters lived together. Two of them quarrelled and vowed never to speak to I'ach other again . They did uot speak for over 20 years, when one of them died, the other refusing to speak to her even on her ? death-bod. ? j - ! Mother (sternly) : Why did you tell tbat ? lie to tbe teacher P Johnny : To save some body from punishment. Mother (mollified) : I knew tuure must be some extenuation circum stances. Who was it you wished to save fi urn punishment ? Johnny : Myself, mother. 