A LEGEPiD OF BOHEMIA. Ihr MONA CAIED, Author of M Tho "Wings of Azraol,” ** Is Marringo n Failure ?” ‘‘Whom Nature • Loadetb/' &c.;, &c.; [All Rights Reserved.] , In ilio middle ages Bohemia was a wild land of mountains and forests, iwhero no ono darod to venturo out of his house or beyond the walls oi his town without carrying arms. In the heart of this romantic country nestled the quiet old town of Eger, the scene of Wallenstein's rebellion and of his treacherous murder. Tho Egerland is now a wide stretch of fertile plain encircled by a line of blue mountains, a little retired world, where, even to this day, the customs of ancestors dating far back into history continue to regulate the jlivcs of the simple inhabitants. The houses of the peasant farmers are all ■built on one immemorial pattern ; their inmates wear the samo stylo of 'garments, unvarying even to a jbutton ; they sleep in gaily-painted ,‘four-post bedsteads, carefully cur tained round ; and quaff vast pota tions of beer out of big tin or earthenware flagons. The Egcr landers stand apart from their neighbours as absolutely ns if miles ! of sea girded their little territory] instead of a circlet of hills. Once I inside this line of enchantment, the traveller finds himself half con strained to take life on mediaeval! terms, so potent is the old-world | atmosphere, so strange the charm of j tho quaint superstitions and child like worship of the people. i Worn out with the worry and toil of conducting a large business, 1 ! found myself, one sunny September, ; in the heart of this quaint little j land, and I blessed, in an illogical ' fashion — pardonable in my ex-j bausted state—the railway which , had enabled me to take a dip into an age when steam-engines were still , ■undreamt of. For seven happy weeks I was a ; Bohemian at heart, a devout Catholic, a worshipper of lean saints. Many a ' day as I came to a little j lonely shrine by the side of | soma path across the fields, ’ I have gone down on my knees, and worshipped—I knew not what—the j sweet virgin in her blue robe edged with gold, holding the haloed infant ! in her arms. I came to love that; mild-faccd lady, and to wish that ■ I could carry her home with me to pray to when the foreign mails came inland—but, alas ! my dolicate god- [ dess grew pale at that thought, and j I remembered that she belonged to ; the land of Yesterday, and would fade and die if she were transported to the glaring world that Fate had ; chosen for my dwelling-place. I : bad one favourite shrine, which stood at the foot of a hill crowned by a large church, whoso strange By’zantiue-lookiug cupola of zinc or copper painted red could be seen for miles^across the plain. My shrine ; was presided over by a bright blue 1 virgin, whose cerulean oyes had ' been tinted with the same ! paint that stained her robe, ' slightly diluted. On the shrine ! grateful pilgrims had liung up numerous quaint thank-offerings, for : having been preserved from illness or accident. At tbe feet of my Lady of Azure, when I approached on one ; lovely afternoon, knelt a maiden, j with head bent in prayer. I had tbe impulse togo up and kneel beside her. ; It is impossible to describe the sense 1 of happiness that I felt as I -joined ! in worBlnp with tins beautiful Bohe mian girl. It seemed to me that then, if never before or after, my Drayer must be granted. My fellow worshipper was tbe daughter of one of the wealthy peasant proprietors of the Egerland ; her handsome ! cloth dress, with its heavy j clasps of antique silver—heirlooms centuries old—and the strange head gear of black stuff revealed her station. She was large of frame, with regular features, black eyes, and a fine carriage of the head. IIow I blessed tho perseveranco with which I had devoted myself to the Slavonic languages ! It was not difficult to draw the girl into con- : versation. She was frank and 1 trustful, if a little shy. This child of the Middle Ages fascinated me as much as did her wild, spell-bound little country. It seemed to me that an old dream of mine was realised, and that I had been permitted to step out of my own noisy century, and to meet and speak with tho generations of the past. ! Our shrine, my beaulifulcompanion i told mo, had been raised on this spot live centuries ago by an ancestor of her own, Baron Zwaptolik, one of thegreatBobemian nobles,in thanks giving for the rescue of his only daughter from the murderous assault of a robber chieftain, whose power ful band was at that time infesting the district. The girl was sitting, rosary in hand, at the foot of the shrine ; I had stretched myself by the hedge Bide, in luxurious ease. The sun was hot, the breeze soothing ; I sank into a strange lethargic state, as if my body were asleep, while myimagina- | tion became abnormally' vivid. My : companion was relating to me the j story that had boon handed down j among the owners of the soil from ] the troubled times the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries; but such was | not precisely my impression. I' seemed to be transported backwards, across the great plain of time, and gently landed in tho midst of a •romance of the Middle Ages. The | scene had scarcely changed ; it was still the beautiful Egerland. Eger lay at the end of a four-mile avenue of stately poplars, with its castle and gabled houses in the distance ; the church stood above me on the hill top, but there was now only a rough track up to the village, and the whole country seemed like a vast forest—it was, in fact, a part of the groat Ilercynian forest—with a few farms and scattered hamlets, and here and there a church. By some magic of place and time, I had bjeome a spectator, though not an actor in the drama. TJBs power of knowing all, without tbe ability to act, mide me feel at times as if I were suffering from a terrible night mare. I do not think that I was able to raise my head or to open my eye;—I eeetuod to bo under a spell similar to that which the wicked Count i« t'-e story held over the beautif’i) daughter of old Baron Swapt*Uir, n*h*>e vast castle used to bv dense forests scarcely a mile from the shrine. Drahomira, dark of hair and swift of foot, with her brilliant brown eyes and rich complexion, was one of the wealthiest lioirosses in the kingdom, and her hand had been eagerly sought by the sons of the neighbouring nobles, not only for her beauty, but for her riches. Among these aspirants was one who had long loved her with faithful devotion, in spile of the cold and scornful treatment which either coquetry or aversion appeared to in spire in her. The only consolation of the young Count Vladislav was the fact that Drahomira behaved to her other suitors in exactly the same manner. She had no wish to leave the home where bIio was idolised by her indulgent old father, who since her mother's death had lavished all his^ affections upon their only “ If 1 married, it would bo all gain for my lord and all loss for me,” she used to say with her brilliant smile j “ I pray you, good knight, pay j'our court to some unhappy maiden, who, in becoming your wife, may reach something better than her present 6tato, sinco eke cannot achieve a worse !” Vladislav would watch the self willed lady moving among the bril liaut company, gracious and erailing, j-et over ready to hold at a distance the most persistent of aspirants. This firmness of character made lier subsequent conduct appear all the more incomprehensible to mo. an astounded sDbctator panting to interfere and to set crooked things straight. The first hint of this change of demeanour occurred about the time Df a Ten- strange event which created a stir throughout all Bohemia. One of the daughters of a great seigneur had, on the very eve of her wedding, disappeared from her home, and though search had been made far snd vide, no trace of lier could be found. The expectant bridegroom had also vanished. I heard the people talking about this incident ill around me, and my blood was chilled, with a presage of coming evil. “ A jealous and disappointed suitor must have carried lior off,” laid one. “ An enemy of the bridegroom has ! taken thorn both away, and is keep ing them prisoners,” another sug gested, and so on rau the surmises. Drahomira, usually so bold and fear less, was white to the lips, and she started if anyone spoke suddenly to “ Beloved and gracious lady,” said Vladislav, “ fear nothing. No evil shall befall you whilst I am by your side. ITad 1 but the right to be always your protector,what unspeak able joy would be nuue.” At these words, to everybody’s dismay, Dra homira swooned. When at last she opened her eyes, elie turned them instinctivoly towards the great window, and a look .of terror came into them which startled everyone. I followed hoi gaze.' and saw—yes, I am certain that I saw, for less than a second, the face of a man with dark hair and syes, staring straight into the room. The next instant the face had gone, and only the surging forest was to > be Veen from the deep-set win- | dovsv. How I longed to be j able \ to relate what I bad witnessed, but I was tongue-tied, moving among these knights and dames like a ghost, helpless and un noticed. Drahomira was as full of life as usual that evening, ’lo me her gaiety seemed wild and feverish, but then I knew what no one else knew in that company. Vladislav looked gloomy. The Baron's daughter avoided him, and lie thought that she made herself needlessly agree able to a jackanapes in a crimson doublet, who followed her every where. To Vladislav’s secret joy, the knight had already drunk deep of the wine that was provided for all comers in the great hall. While his rival was thus putting “ an enemy into his mouth,’’ Vladislav remained sober and watchful. The tipsy knight came swaggering into the midst of the ladies, snatched Drahomira round the waist with a noisy laugh, and proposed a moon light ramble in the forest. Several strong bands were laid on his arm, and he was led back to the banquet ing hall, where he continued to toast his mistress in the flowing bowl till he rolled off bis seat, still trolling out serenades and drinking songs from the safe level of the Vladislav rejoiced to see several other knights depart discomforted that evening when the hours of revelry at length drew to an end, and the few guests who lived near rode away in companies large enough to resist the bands of marauders that haunted these outlying parts of the great llercynian forest. The res! who were sufficiently sober wont off to their rooms in the castle. Vladislav was too perturbed to sleep, lie sat looking out upon the moonlit scene, thinking of Drahomira. What had caused her sudden terror? Would she ever return his devotion ? Holy Virgin 1 Had his thoughts fashioned a semblance of her out of the mists and the dim moonlight ? He saw her crossing the open space before the castle, and with her a man in a dark cloak. CountViadislav swore a great oath, and then lie made off in pursuit. He could see the two figures, though not their faces, as they stood together in the forest; but he was careful to conceal himself, that he might not give the man an oppor tunity to escape. He must know which of Drahomira’s suitors had been able to persuade her to this breach of decorum. Could it be he of the red doublet? Mad with rage and jealousy, Vladislav’s feelings were not soothed when he saw the man throw his arms round the girl and break into a thousand protesta tions. Yet Vladislav dared not appt- ack y Drahomira would never forg;ve him if he played the spy I She broke away from her com panion ; the lover became contrite, kneeling at her feet. Then hie pleading was recommenced, under which Drahomira seemed to be giving way, though struggling against thO man’s influence, as if in terror. She tried several times to escape, but he thrice succeeded in recalling her. He appeared to have extracted some promise, and then she left him at a run, Vladislav inter cepted her a* she fled back toward* th« caitlti ... “ Have you been keeping tryst with the devil, fair lady ?” Drahomira gave a scream, and sank back against a tree. “ I think I have!” she answered wildly. j “ What do you mean ? Who is this ] fellow?” Vladislav demanded in great excitement. j “Don’t ask mo; I daro not tell you—I must obey him—Vlad'siav, save me.” Beforo the astonished lover could reply the girl had lied past him, and ho saw her no more that night. Her words thrilled him with hope and fear. On tho following day the castle was set in a ferment by the news that another great heiress had disap peared from her homo. The event tilled everyone, from tho Baron to the stable boy, with the utmost con sternation. Drahomira avoided all attempts on the part of her lover to speak to her about tho incident of the previous night; she appeared to have entirely forgotten it and her wild appeal for Vladislav determined to watch her closely, and interfere boldly Bliould any more interviews tako place in tho forest. But ho watched in vain ; a week jrassed without anything remarkable happening. The advent of a young horseman, the son of a Polish noble, and his immediate admission to the castle as guest, had in it nothing noteworthy, for it was the custom for travellers, to receive hospitality from the great houses as they passed through this wild and robber-haunted couutry. Drahomira had often been called upon to welcome such transient guests ; but 1 shall never forget tho look on her faco when her father presented to her the new comer. Her eyes were full of terror as she returned his low salute. Alas! I alone, impotent ghost, knew tho cause of that torror. She recognised the face that had gazed at her that night through tho window 1 