'WRIGGLER' REID INTERVIEWED BY 'TRUTH.' He Says Nothing, BUT xnisa'j A CiOOO DE.it,. What Elis Thoughts arc May be ££crt-iii Glcad. I Mr, Rcid will be Agent- General. | \- Good morning, Mr Pieid, 1 have come from i Tbutb to have a little informal cbat with you. Mr Norton presents bis respects, and hopes to sae your political back brokm be fore ano'.hcr weok elapse* Ho wishes me to say that h9 will have much pleasure in jumping— aaotaphorically— oa your squirm ing: form when you aro doia^ your last wriggle prostrate in the dust of defeat,' 4t You do not irish to talk to me ? Well, 1 hardly imagined you would. This interview ia to be conducted after the fashion eaid to hare been adopted by the Council of Ten in V enice, wheu dealing with persons whoso guilt was certain. You do not know the method I Of course uot. What have you read 1 What, indoed, do you know 1 Except a little cun ning of ths lowest kind, what intellectual stock have you I And that canning— well, it would have been useless had you not been favorod with the allegiance of those 'stocks etono?, worse than sense* lens things,' the ' solid' labor members. Tbe allusion is from Bhnkspeare, You bavc, of course, not read him.' ' Well, the Council of Ten In Venice bad this method of dealing with offenders whose iniquitiea to the Republic wer? known, but whose declarations of Inaoccaee were tnvulnorable in. their impudence. The agents of that implacable body pursued their investigations until every drop in the guilty man's cup of wickedness was known and measured. Then the rascal was called before them and with his mouth gagged, so that he could utter no word of expostulanca or explanation, he was - interrogated.1 ' It was a grim interrogation indeed ; held in a low darkroom hung with draperies tbe color of oid blood ; tbe stern judges arranged as a bow, scotched hard to send home the shaft of condemnation ; before them the prisoner, he alone cursed by the light, hii accusers anl juices .in gloom. With eager yet shrinking oars he boars tbe recital ot his crimes, his treacheries against tho Republic, his assassinations, and bis perjuries. The surrounding walls ssem flooded in tha blood of his victims, and deprived of the xtajf of a toxgging tonjue he letrays by guilty starts ths truth of ihe hideous charg'JS which assail him.'' 'That, Mr. Raid, is how Tbuth proposes to interview you. Listen 1' 'Yoa are not haggard. Your cheeks are still plump, and even pinky in places, as pink as the fat thighs of a'uewly-killed pig shoying in a butcher's shop. Yet you know I the sum of your political crimes has beon | added up ; that thd list ha3 bsen irrevocably I closed ; that jou will nob have another month of pander and plunder. You may | possibly get back into Parliament. You ' surely will not go back to power. Between ' the Federalists and the Protectionists you are between the upper and nether stone? of a mill. Yet you can still smile. Why ? 1 will tell you the reason. After this last desperate fight you have a refuge against poverty. You certainly cannot go back to ths Bar. You were never worth £500 a year there, and now 1 doubt if there aro many of the prominent counsel who would take yau as their junior. So terrible have been the insults and flouts which you have delighted in, so dirty the slops of politics in wnich you have puddled.' ! ' You have a better refuge than that ; you are going to be Ageat-Gencral 111' 1 11 Tha position has been carefully kept) warm for you. Certainly you have astonish* | ing foresight for yourself. A Dibbs or a Parkes would never have had such cateneas, I If you have no intellect, properly so speak- I ing, no artistic sense, no soul, you have a I very hogs nose for trufilss. Your tnrkey j will be always wili garnished or Fate will j be very unkind.' I ' About this King election You are not : afraid of Mr Barton. You affect to have a contempt for his candidature, ths Candida* i ture of a man who makes Constitutions but is not good at harrowing, who is the one i constructive statesman of Australia, but who : has not the meanness or the malevolence to | adopt your methods of campaigning. You are | not afraid of bim, But I notice you h^s broueht Mr Ashton down from G'uibura and Mr Milieu from BourLo, to squeak their i tiny bits of abms against him. You are not afraid, Mr Reid. bat yon really simulate , fear verjr well. Accept my congratulations. If the Agsnt-Gsneralship is not seized, if taere is a slip 'twixt cap and lip, let ms ad* I vise yon : try the comic stage.' 'Ton are not afraid of Mr, Barton ; but in fighting him you have established your self as the record msan man of politics. : Last week yon put up Mr Varney Parkes to talk against Mt Barton, 1 to reveal,' as the | announcement had it, 1 Mr Barton's relations with tha late Federal leader, Sir Henry I Parkes.1 '* 11 Do yon really know yonrself what yon did? You brought a ghost from the grave to hnrl slander against a political opponent. Ton rifled the tomb of the venerable bones of ths Great Dead, to parade them, bearing lying posters, before the people of King Division, Ton wretched ghonl t' *k In the popular mind, Mr. Varney Parkes, as the son of Sir Henry Parkes, is intimately associated with the revered deal. You calcnlated that if Mr Parkes were put np to abuse Mr Barton the people would think that it was Sir Henry Parkes who abused Mr Barton. Yon reasoned that ths people would aot kaow thjrt Mr Varney Parkes was less in his great father's confidence than was Mr Andy Kelly. Yon relied on an ignorance in the popular mind of the trne state of ths relations between the father; and the son. Who else in the community would be guilty of such a sacrilegious deception ? ' ' Now, Mr Ho id, 1 charge yon with dese crating the grave, with defiling the mouth of the dead Bir Henry Parkes. When iu King division some years ago, yonr cunning proved stronger than Sir Henry's record | Mr Barton wept. But you then only triumphed over the living, and left the living with' honor. Now you dishonor the dead. Weeping is not seemly in Englishmen; it Is unworthy ef a Stole race. But every New South .Wales citizen may be pardoned shedding tears over this degradation of onr public life.' 11 1 bad wished to say mora I had prepared a long list of your political crimes to cast up at you- and by yonr wrltbings to draw en. wanted proof that they had been committed. But hurried on by indignation, I have come too soon to the crowning summit of your despicable political trickery; and having nailed yon to that supreme guilt, it would seem ridiculous to now go back to smaller matters. Of what use to talk of auy other things? If a man is a murderer we do not wish to know that he also stole poultry and swindled widows. The pall of the great crime covers over the beaped*np mass of tho small ones. To know that you are capable 0( dragging the Mants of Parkes back to a brawling street corner, there lo mutely and hcip'easiy assist in tho promulgation of a falsehood— is not that enough to condemn you to the hardest fate that a politician 'And to thinkthateven Ihough burled out of power by tbe people, you still nave the refusal of the Ageut'Oeneraiship, id heart rending. It is as if the Council of Ten were confronted with the mo«t infamous of con spirators, and forcsd to let the rascal escape. Banishment from power will be yonr only punishment. Really, Mr Keid, are you not a lucky political criminal?' 11 Not eo much lucky, you say, as clever? J)j Vaudtce, encore d -; Vaudncs ct toujour t de I'andiicc . To our next meeting.' Ci£DEIO. 