BOOLE? AGAIN. A story of Mr Hooley is told by a correspondent of the new paper * M. A. P.' He desoribes how soma years ago he met Mr Hooley at a dinner:—There was (he writes) another guest at this dinner—a brilliant creature—who has seen all Bides of human life; has been jonraalist, politician, fiuanoier;-a grim fighter; an ipoomparahle raconteur, and of stories d p awn from every phase of human life, from eveir region of the world. I don't know what devil put it into our heads, but the conversation turned on men that had been broken, and the name .turned up of one who was known at one epoch to everybody in London, especially "to everybody who went up to the City. There is no need' to mention the name now; everybody will recognise it from the story. The much-travelled recontenr was in his best van, had tfild Btory after «tory—thrilling, £njgio^l,'ootnio; and, when this name was mentioned, naturally ha seised upon it, | and told the stony of life and death—for it i was a story of life and death—with qll the abundant resources of. his picturesque language, Lis gesture, his mimetic power. ] ] The story lent itself to each treatment. I Fur i f s rero had the reputation ot immense wealth, lived in a erand street, entertained | rpyally, was a magnate among promoters, I kept horwJS—in fact, ran the whole gamnt I of the rich, luxurious age and country in I which we live. And than he took to crime [ isocst, udisooveced, never mealed, even to this hour. The day ot t-g caure. He Mat to U* place iu the country; and than came, from the lips of tho caccntenr, Us deariptlou of the last honr of the doomed mas. He met death, aaid the teller of the story, with the same audacious front he had always tamed to the world. • He first,' said the raoonteur,' fired a allot at a tree to eee if the revolver wees in good order, and then he fired a Shot into his own brain. Hs was a game man.' Suddenly there oame over the dinner-table a ghastly eOenoe, a thrill aa of the ghost cf the dead Mislng; it lasted but for a few momenta, Tint it seemed to me a very, very long time. Mr Hooley was the first to speak, and spoke like the brave, healthy creature I take him to be. He took a fork, traced a little bit of a farm in his native country. ' If I'm ever broken,' he said, * I won't blow out my brains; I'll go down to that little farm with my wife and ohildnra, and m turn , farmer,' It was bravely spoken, and now that the -dread hour has oame, I trust that it will be as bravely aoted. I know nothing about Mr Hooley's fiuanoial methods, butIoanaot bring myself to join the ignoble crowd that hunted him, toadied him, ruined him in his hour of triumph, and that now trample on his prostrate body. 