.CHAPTER XXXIX,—THE'' LIEUTE NANT’S MISSION'. ; ' Colonel Ferris 'felt' .'.better' after having inade known tp his hipee,.‘the . secret of -the "Visit ot thelG.host? 'oT.theiHaunted iFort-to the outpost at-midnight in the '.lerrible blizzard.- "--v ‘‘I think I’ll have to.'ma'ft-e yotr-a, mem ‘lier of my military-stall,' Ethel,, as secret • adviser,” the colonel %'aidj in -a tone of half- earnestness.'"" ■ ‘'*? j "All right, uncle.; . A -head" is ■'sometimes good in a cbiihijilfeyen of-solr •diers, though it'is in fad.t the head of a ■young girl. But I confess.',I; am most deeply interested . ;in "thismysterious being known'as the Ghost of jthe Moun tains, and I am anxious'to. see the end of the weird mystery.’1' - : ; • ' \- “I sincerely hope that We shall do so before long, Ethel.” ,\ . ... ■ ■•. And as several officers cafled.in.- to see the colonel, Ethel .took lier departure. • . Though \yishing to,keep the letter from the weird midnight, visitor a secret, that was really only from^general know ledge in the post,-for there w.ere some of his officers before whom Colonel Ferris ' desired to place the matter, and get their • views. ..• . . So the adjutant of the post, with Cap .-tain Lennox, Surgeon Powell, and half .a-dozen others, discussed the strange occurrence over the colonel telling them about the knife bearing Burt Braxton’s name, and yet that the letter was not in his handwriting, but a woman’s, .. The result of this conference: was that a; young officer was despatched with a small posse to make the rounds of the mining camps, settlements and stage stations, to warn all to be constantly ready for another atfack of the Indians, 571 in spile of the weather, and-Co suggest that they keep scouts oht to act in con junction with those from the fort... The officer, ~ ' uTio was Lieutenant Emory; had orders to also visit the ranch, of Burt Braxton, and lear'n all.about the ..movements of the young settler* prior to his disappearance and why lie had left his home;' also to discover something ■about the man whoacdompatued him. Armed with these instructio.ns, Lieu tenant Emory, with an- escort of a* dozen ' of his men, went off on his- rounds. ’ | It was on the afternoon of the fourth day of his absence that he returned, and w ent at- once to his colonel's .quarters. “Well,-:Emory, what news have \you ?’.’ the colonel asked, after greeting linn, pleasantly, and added ; “Speak out"‘for Miss Willis knows what your mission was.” ' . : The young officer 'was very fond of Ethel and was only too -glad to make his report.before herv;thgj.,-.she .might see ,lipw welldie had. done, his, duty. ‘ \- So he told'how-he' had visited-the vari ous stage stations, setUeriients and-min ing'carrtps, and having had it Lesson- from' their former experience;' - they: were ,-vety willing to'rfollow ail instructions coining from the - fort, and . .would' be on \ the watch and keep scouts outr’klid' lie added: . v ‘ "v ' ‘‘They ;ai-e alT most willing,.to .confesAtj colonel,-that but for.the warning giv4n theiiv before. and which many regarded? as a false alarm, they would, have been caught in a perfect-,surprise, and have' suffered greatly. But noiv’ aS to the rancliero, sir." -7 ? “Yes.” ■ ’ ?'. .. , ’ . “I have found five men-'on the ranch, taking good care of his cattle and horses, of which he has a considerable number. His cabin home; is most comfortably fitted up .and all aBout it; reveals the gentleman and man of refinement ? in 'spitev-of this? rough. frontier... His men are devoted to him, and have an abiding faith that he will return, though'they cannot account for his mysterious dis appearance. The man, Birney.. who-ac talk, the black sheep of the flock; but he seemed to have a pull with the ran chero for some reason.- Mr Braxton,' they told me, left with Birney for a hunt iii llic mountains, to-be gone only a few days, and the men say they think he has been snowed in; or. if anything has gone wrong with him, .Birney.is at the.bottom of it, for one of the men positively assert that Buck Birney has been a road agent, if he is not one of the MidnightCrs’ band now, for lie was freqeuently known to make long expeditions alone, and never account for them. That, sir, ends the report of my mission.” And the lieutenant' seemed ■ much pleased at the hearty approval the colonel gave liim for what'he had done. 