tiferarp Cbit Cbat. " Bismarck : Some Secret Pages of His History," is a Macmillan issued volume that has created a sensation on the Continent. The book contains the records of a diary which Dr. Moritz Busch kept during his twenty-five years' intercourse with the great German. All Bismarck's contemporaries are summed up in this history. A volume that will be eagerly read by all admirers of the German Chancellor. Seton Merriman has issued " Roden's Corner," and from the forward reviews it promises to have as good a demand as that powerful effort "The Sowers." There is a charm about Merriman's literary effort that strongly appeals to the critic. Silas Hocking's " God's Outcast," teaches the usual moral tale, " that a man may sink lower and lower in the social scale, may suffer even deprivation which human misery suggests, may fall lower and deeper to yet more ignoble depths, and still remains God's outcast." It is a really forcible sermon on the results of early engagements, and as such should be well read by young people. {^Readers who like Highland romance should not overlook "John Splendid," by NeiljMunro. A poetically written book, and, though it smacks of the kirk, it is wholesome in its vivid, moving scenes. Some recent fiction :— Children of the Mist," by Eden Philpotts; " Deadman's," 44 by Mary Gaunt; "The Seed of the Poppy," by Olive Holland ; "That Little Cutty," and other stories by the late Mrs. Oliphant. [?-Boss.—Confound you! lohat do you mean by winning, boy ? Didn't I tell you I wasn't sending Monkey Tricks for this ? " Boy.—" Fact is, boss, I couldn't hold him. He ain't the kind o' animal you can bet on lodn' with." (Confidently ) " If I was you, sir, Td sell that horse to a honest man" John Oxenham has turned out in " God's Prisoner," what is declared the most sensational novel of the year. One partner shoots the other, locks the body away in a safe deposit co. ; but the cashier, who is also ^ in trouble, gets away in a hurry, and, knowing something of the tragedy that had happened, personates the murdered man, aud writes letters in his hand-writing to the murderer. The interest is cleverly sustained right through, for the murderer gets fearfully worried in his effort to ascertain how the cashier knew of the affair. For those who want a glioulsome stirrer "God's Prisoner" is the right thing. Now- a-days any seamstress can dream a novel every night in bed.—Ex. To those devotees of the weed, " Lyra Nicotina " will appeal. This is a collection of pipe and cigarette songs of piquant humor. It is from the publishing house of Walter Scott. Mr. H. D. Lowry's next book will be " The Luck of the Godsend." A Red Page writer in the Bulletin in a delightfully discursive yarn describes Adelaide as " that precautious young paradise of amateur angels." The September Windsor (from W. C. Rigby) gets down to a standard much below its predecessors, and it will have to wake up if it wants to stave off the competition of the brighter and cheaper publications that are being issued. " Teaching Children House- keeping " is an article that all school teachers should read. It deals with the efforts of the London School Board to inculcate the principles of housekeeping in young girls, and outlines a scheme that has much to commend it. These schools are the product of Mrs. Homan, of the Domestic Economy Committee of the London School Board. Melb. Toiler, which attempted to fill an aching void in theatrical literature, and failed ignominously, and has given up the ghost, if it ever had one. Perth Herald, co. has bought the Coolgardie Chronicle outfit for £840, a very cheap deal. Buyers propose to introduce the linotype, and in that case the opposition papers on the field will be made to feel mighty queer. Another big paper said to be in queer street. Rot a Reliable Loser. 