REVIEWS OF BOOKS. ■j.* v -- wlwdlrldJgB - the re^ipt^^^the ^1898T^editroh oTthis" "of Iha JfeiitiaZ thera ivaAan/Article OiiGreati j Britain And her foreign tmde, the particular ' purpose of which jwaato--supply information . as to .the conditions that - inHuunoe'the course l^oLtradermd^the davelopment-of-newrnarkets. ' In July, 1897, the Board of Trade set up a departmental -oommittee to collect this infor mation, which %ho~Xnnual hadjinticipated in supplying. _ Thatisbutone illustration of the , -service -which -the Annual- has hitherto -ren | jderecLto .its-readers, putting -them, as far as - | possible, in possession of the latest j information — available on every "~8ul>jeo( j of into rest- thatr orops up during the yeaf, J-That-ihe 1898 edition—tnejibirteenth—isue Ltojdate jrilLhe -evident from the inclusion-ol - the result of the London School Board elec< tion on November 25. The demand for ths Annual that exists in the colonies, and the ever* noreaeing-f n teres ti n colonial Affai rs -havebeen ^'recognised in this edition, as Will be seen. by the spooial_ariiclBBdeftling-wlth!ilis-question zof^Aiiatralian^Eederation, the A3olouial Gon l-topenoe oiJOtrr^Ayanaaian- ianinegisiation. Great Britain and tier colonial trade.thb famine, plague, and frontier fighting in India, the enquiry and report of the British Souih Africa Oommittee,. the ..year's events at the Cape, in the. Transvaal, in the West Afrioan Colonies;—Nigeria, the Niger Coast Pro J-tsGtorate, and the West. India Sugar Com mission New maps are supplied of the North-West Frontier of India and the posi tion in^estAfrioa; while maps alread y pre pared show the situation In the Nile Valley, and succiuct explanatory statements ofytbe position of affairs in both regions are also given. As to foreign affairs, there is a. map shpvW ing the various frontiers given toGreece.bef ore and afterJthe Berlin "Gongresskand aftor-the fighting in 1897, while the whole of the evonts connected with Crete,- Greece, and Turkey are l^arefully set-out under those headings. -The ' language dispute in Austria, the Cuban Bebol lion, thiTalliance PetweenFrance and Russia, the Parliamentary situation in Germany, the negotiations as "to the Behring Sea question, and bimetallism between the United States and this country, all receive due attention. In order that the Annual jnay properly fulfil its \- — eiiitccy njva..Jticnes,.. adequate acoqunt of- the. Jubilee celebrations has been included, due prominence being given to the significant share taken in them by the colonies. There are other special articles, either recording what has happened "during !_the past" year, or designed to bring the reader up to date in regard to what may, happen during the —year that is_ to i. "Tne article on the Session mcl come. The article on the Session includes" analyses-of-all-the-prinetpal-Aets-passed-and Bills brought in,_mcluding the Workmen's Compensation- -Aet,—the -Voluntary - Schools Act, and other educational measures, the Land Transfer Act, and so on. . - - _ " TinrCAt.niVG -oy-STr-M^^Hfw^-=™-Thi3-— isthe^itle-of-the-firsfrof—aprojeeted .series of booklets, " Leaves from the Life of Josns," in verso. It has reached us from Mr. A, Bicker ton; Professor =of^Chemistry^nd Physics at Canterbury College, Christcliurch, .who in forms us that "the writers "will bo glad to devote their immediate efforts to a scientific elucidation of the ethics of Christ, if this—the initial section of Jtbejyjork—should Tevoke. an appreciative response. _ The poom is evidently the result of much painful effort. The stylo is somewhat stilted,- and the language is a little unmusical. To start" With, for the simple Biblical * statement ■pttrat—Matthew,—when—called—by "ChTist,— was "sitting at the receipt of "custom,"'we read— Ensconced at the receipt of duos, Grim, like a. spider, Christ beheld — The tax-colleelink publican. Tax-gatherers are apparently as unpopular in NeW Zealand as they wore in ancient Judea— though with less excuse, because tho unfortu nate children if Abraham paidthoir taxes to a foreign dospnt —or why should wo bo told of Matthew's "ignoble glance and greedy j clutch," and why should he bo made to confess ito being "ifhcrlevotco of gold and self?" "In ' his Gospel Matthew makes no such admission, A id none of his fellow-evangelists "gave him i away" in tho least degree. If be had been the j abandoned, miserly clown represented here it is ■hard to picture him giving a "great feast," and J attracting to his house a* largo a company. Why should Matthew's former life be so vilified, because a lot of lying Pharisees hated ""publicans",'" and why should" Peter bs tfra — "largo, genial Simon?" What the "large" alludes to is hard to say. Choice was the board and plentiful, And Matthew served so zealously, Hnngerand hatred, chaatirm, scorn Were a 1 forgot, in merriment. _ The prominence given to Christ's freedom from asceticism and to the pleasure Ho had in seeing people innocently happy is the best feature of the story: but tho "calling of I Matthew''has probably been more accurately I and beautifully told in many an address from ! the pulpit. "The Story op Ai:.stkama," by Flora L. Shaw; Horace Marshall & Son, London.— This is a slight little volume—indeed, only an enlarged -pamphlet^by the colonial Editor — orshoukLone say Editress—of tha.-Timet, and "is" the" latest work published in connection with the. "Stories of the Empire" scries. As a suggestive and sketchy outline of Austra lian history it will he usoful to tho casual reader. I "The Lady's Wai.k,"" by Mrs. Oliphant; I Methuen's Colonial Library.—The title and j the tenor of this story savour somewhat of the ! weird and wonderful with which the romanciste j were wont to rogalo our grandmothers. There I is the inevitable ghost haunting this ancestral ! hall, but tho authoress has built her phantom ; visitant somewhat on the lines of the Theoeo i pliist's astral body wjlh a kind of distant I cousin-hip to a banshee. The Campbells ! are an old Scotch family living a! ; Ellormorc, and an oxtromoly attractive lot j of people Mrs. Obphant has mado them. "The lady's walk is a picturesque-paTt of thy i plantation, along which arc to be constantly ' heard "tho light footsteps of an invisible i woman—t.lio ghostly guardian angel of the ["Campbells from time fin me fhorial. Only Mvhen-fcr-ouhlo-is-HB-penfllHg—flo—t-hc-ftc-ptrfiTrtoTT)— [footfalls cease. How a great sorrow Tel! upon ' -thc-pcople ; how-the her-vine Charlotte and hei j brothers bear their burden; and h >w the ! clouds roll by eventually—all-are duly- set ( forth in a story fulLof human interest. " Tho (-Ship's Doctor,"~in the same volume, Ta a Lpathetic, simple sort of narrative of the maga zine typo, and pleasant to read in an idle hour. 