IN A JAPANESE INN. A recent lady tourist through Japan gos sips in "St. James's Budget'' ou customs in Japanese inns. There are three kinds of hotels—the European, conducted partly in foreign style and parly on Japanese lines, the yadoya, and the liatoga, or purely na tional hostelry. It is of the latter only 1 propose to speak. On arrival, the visitor is met by a posse of servants, who salute him by bowing imofonndly many times, their heads touching the ground. The cour tesy is duly acknowledged, and after taking off his boots he is ushered to his room, tea and cakes—the usual present to the "honourable" guest—being brought up al most immediately, together with the hi baclii, or lined box, containing a small char coal iire, and the tabako bon, or case with apparatus for smoking purposes. A return offering is made in the shape of chadai, or tea money. The amount varies according to the proposed length of stay, trouble given, or attention received. Cienerally twenty-live sen (about sixpence) per night, or, say, two or three yen, il' a protracted stay is intended, will be ample—the yen, the equivalent of the dollar, being estimated at about two shillings. Chadai is the perquisite of the landlord, to whom it should be sent wrapped up in paper, so that his eyes may not be offended by the sight of money. A quaint habit exists in most inns of presenting the guest with a towel, book, or other souvenir. The chadai of a wealthy or noble Japanese is sometimes considerable, amounting to as much as ten or fifteen yen, in addition to the daily rates of payment. in Japan preference with regard to the use of the hath and other matters is generally given to the new arri val, and shortly after he has refreshed him self with some weak green tea, brought up, maybe, on an old lacquer tray in the dain tiest of tiny china cups, the bath attendant will bring liiui a kimono, or robe, and lead the way to.the hath. The systpm of com mon bathing is dying out. It has'j indeed, been* forbidden by law in public bath houses. The custom still exists, however, in many of the watering-places to which the Japanese flock an order to benefit by the numerous mineral springs. Kefreshed by the hath, the traveller will. appreciate his supper, served in green, red, or black lacquer howls, and his cup of warm sake, or rice wme, Au excellent beer is also common, and a red wine, which cannot be recommended. . Respectfully kneeling, the room-maid, tbe model of waitresses, will not let the sake cup nor the rice bowl' long be empty. Patient, cheerful, polite, without being servile, she is very different from the girls of whom writers so often speak disparagingly, judg ing by their experiences at Yokohama. A separate pair or wooden chopsticks is pro vided for each course. ■ Sitting cross legged on the floor in front of a small table with legs, on which the yarious dishes are | served, the European traveller will be con fronted with a variety of surprises. As the meals have a strong resemblance to | each other, mention may here be made of the favourite dishes from which he may select, rice ad libitum forming the invan- j able accompaniment of every meal, and1 taking the place of bread. Of soups wan j mori, a clear soup corresponding to the French pot-au-feu, is, perhaps, the best. Ohawan mushi, or soup with eggs in it. thick and custard- like, containing minced meats, fish, vegetables, &c.; and miso sliiru, I or bean soup, are also palatable. It is only within the last few years that the i Japanese have begun to eat meat. Now,1 however, in most of the inns on the main roads ushi nabe will appear on the menu. I This dish is composed of bee? cut up small, I stewed, arid served aux fines herbes, to- j gelher with a liberal admixture of soy. I Tori nabe, or stewed fowl, is a similar dish and most appetising. Soy gives a strong flavouring also to another esteemed dish,. unagi nieshi, or eels and rice. Japanese ; cooks are skilful in the treatment of fish, i khio yaki (broiled fish sprinkled with salt) j being especially excellent. A good break-1 fast dish is tamago yaki, a kind of ome lette. Tickles of all kinds are abundant; pickled radish and pickled vegetable-mar row are not distasteful. • Retiring to rest, if the night be warm, under the green mosquito net, and, lying on the silk futons (or soft quilts) spread on the spotless matted floor, the happy j guest will meditate on being in Japan uu disturbed, let us hope, by the scurrying of I the rats among tlie wainscoting of the. walls and ceiling, recollecting that the' noise is of good omen, for when the rats are about there can be no fear of tire, and I all is well, lie must accustom himself to the hourly visitation of the watchman, who, carrying a paper lantern, walks along the passages of the inn, beating to gether two hard pieces of wood in order to frighten away thieves and ghosts. When i the time comes for the traveller to take his leave, his departure is the occasion of a remarkable display of Oriental polite- J ness. Host and hostess, with all the ■ available staff of smiling damsels, j assemble in the inn portico; with many a ; bow and courteously expressed hope for' his speedy return, they bid him good-, live. 