ODDS AND ENDS. It is understood that Parliament will meet next Tuesday. The death in announced of the Earl of Mansfield at the age of 92. The report as to the serious illness of the Queen of Denmark is contradicted. Mr. Rhodes says that he does not intend to be re- moved from public life except by death. Measles is prevalent at Sutherland and Nelligen. There are about sixty cases at the latter place. The Riverina around Albury is overrun by Indian hawkers, and many complaints are made. Recently there died during one week in the Orange district five persons, the total of whose ages was 407 years. At an inquest held at Melbourne a doctor gave evidence that sago was "simply poison" for very young infants. Disclaimers are being made daily by the peers and business men charged by Mr. Hooley with accepting bribes. Several country hospitals are agitating to receive the same subsidies for poor patients as the metro- politan hospitals. At an inquest at Nimitybelle, it was shown that James Leonard, aged 77, had died through exposure to a snowstorm. The London 'Daily News' exhorts friends of the Pacific cable proposals to prevent the scheme from being quietly shelved. Mr. Cecil Rhodes says that the Dutch are with his party at this election in Cape Colony, fighting to maintain the Queen's supremacy. The eight hour committee have decided that this year's celebration shall be held at the Agricul- tural Ground, Moore Park. The imports into Sydney the week before last were valued at £358,464, and the exports from the port were valued at £193,543. The Queensland Railway Commissioners are push- ing on with the Cunnamulla railway, so as to pre- vent the Western wool traffic coming to this colony. There is a renewal of the trouble between Major- General French and the Rifle Association with re- gard to the conditions of the associations meetings. Sir George Turner leaves Melbourne on the 19th instant to attend the conference of Premiers on the New Guinea land concession to be held in Syd- ney. According to a return presented to the Victorian Legislative Assembly, there are 27,415 non-resident- ial or plural voters upon the electoral rolls of the Assembly. Sir Joseph Abbott, who has returned to Brisbane, from a visit to North Queensland, in improved health, states that he is disposed to accept the Speakership if offered to him. Splendid rains have fallen in the country districts of Tasmania. Rivers are in flood, and great dam- age is being done. Fingal reports over 4in. Many sheep have been lost in the flood waters. Dean Flanagan died at the residence of Father Gibbons, Glen Innes, on Saturday morning after a long illness. The dean who was 84 years of age, was one of the oldest priests in the colony, having arrived in New South Wales over fifty years ago. "Do you intend to defend this case" said Mr. Delochery to a man charged at the Water Police Court with having deserted his wife. " What's the good of defending a case, when you've got a woman agen you ?" was the reply. Another leper has been discovered at O'Connell 'Town (Q.), and removed to the leper station. The case is a very sad one. The man, has a wife and six children, whose ages range from 3 months to 10 years ; and a subscription has been started on their behalf. According to the latest Ministerial calculations, if Mr. Want should resign the Attorney-General-ship then Mr. Carruthers will be accommodated with the position, and a seat in the Upper House, while Mr. Sydney Smith will be put in the Assembly for St. George. Within the last month ten out of the twelve which constitute the collection of pumas at the Zoo have died from poison, deliberately administered by some maliciously inclined person. Arsenic was the poison used, and it was given in large quantities. The loss to the society is a severe one, for the animals were worth £225. The police have taken the matter in hand, and are hopeful of tracing out the cowardly perpetrator. It was not until several of the pumas had succumbed that suspicion as to the true cause of death was aroused. While a lad named Watt was crossing a paddock with a cattle dog at Dandenong (V.) a large eagle swooped down on the dog and carried it up into the air. The dog was carried a considerable height, when it managed to fix its teeth into the bony part of the bird s wing, and the pair came tumbling to the ground. The lad succeeded in killing the eagle, which measured 7ft from tip to tip of the extended wings. To CORRESPONDENTS.- " Dalwood ": You omitted to enclose your name with your communi- cation, and this is the reason it does not appear to-day. CONDITIONAL PURCHASE.- August 4th, Emil Henri H. Lange, Rous, 9a. 2r. 8p., portion 268, parish of Ballina, county of Rous ; special area, at £4 per acre. OPERA SEASON.- Next week an Opera Company under the, management of Miss Kate Howarde and Mr. Arthur Hunter open a short season here, commending on Tuesday night. The principal members of the company are well known to the Lismore public, so that an enjoyable season may be anticipated. Fuller particulars will be given on Saturday. ALSTONVILLE DAIRY COUPANY LTD.- For the month ending 23rd July this Company treated 28,253 gallons of milk, yielding 11,9321lbs. butter the average being 23¾lbs. of milk for 1lb. of butter, The suppliers were paid 1s 1¼d per lb. fat, being equal to 4.7/8d.per gallon for milk. MAN DROWNED AT BALLINA.- On Sunday night a young man, whose name we believe was Rose, who was a passenger from Sydney by the s.s. Tomki, fell off the wharf at Ballina and was drowned. The occurrence took place about 8 o'clock, and the man, who had been on shore, is supposed to have been coming on board. The second steward heard a splash and at once rushed to the ship's side. Captain Jackson also threw a life-buoy, but it was very dark at the time, and it is not known for certain that the unfortunate man ever came to the surface. The ship's boat was lowered, and search made, but without finding anything except the life- buoy thrown from the steamer. He had been en- gaged in Sydney as cook for Mr. Ware of Broad- water. He was under the influence of liquor during the day. LOCAL MARGARINE.- AN IMITATION OF BUTTER.- The president of the Board of health, was asked on Friday by a deputation, consisting of Messrs. Kidd and Perry, Ms.L.A., and Messrs. Gordon Fraser, Pratten, Pateson, and Armstrong, to have margarine either colored blue, red, or green, or not colored at all, so that purchasers would not be deceived into thinking it butter. Dr. Thompson, in reply, said about two tons of margarine were manufactured weekly. There was only one factory. The greater part of the margarine was taken by the pastrycooks, and the rest went to the cheap re- staurants. It was a healthy food, but its natural white color should be retained. Whether pastry made with it should be labelled was a matter for consideration. Any legislation on the subject should be brought into operation before the trade developed further. EXPORT OF ORANGES TO LONDON.- Mrs. Darval, of Ryde, has discovered a method of treat- ing mandarins and common oranges which will en- sure their safe export to London. She has communi- cated the secret to Mr. C. B, Cairnes, of Parramatta, but will not disclose it for the present, and purposes to demonstrate the efficacy of the process with her own oranges on the London market next season Our Parramatta correspondent writes, in reference to the matter :- 'I saw some mandarins which had been pulled on May 1 last, and after over 90 days, they were as fresh as though they had been picked that day, and the fruit was firm and sweet. In regard to such tender fruit as mandarins, the discovery is of great importance, as hitherto the greatest care has had to be exercised in curing and packing even to ensure a small percentage of the fruit carrying as far as the London market. Mr. Cairnes considers the discovery of very great value. It is so simple and cheap that it will not cost ½d per case to treat the fruit. FAT and store pigs will be sold without the ghost of a reserve at Mr. Bowen's sale on Monday next ; also a large quantity of corn in the cob. - E. W. Mackay, Auctioneer. PURCHASE direct from the Manufacturers- Lance and Co., and save intermediate profits. Cheaper than any Sales. See advertisement in another, column for price list. 'Eagle House,' Molesworth street, Lismore, and at Sydney. 