GOD BLESS THE MASTER OF THIS HOUSE. BY GEORGE II. SIMS, Author of "Tales of To-Day,'" "How ISII-j l'oor Live," "Dramas of Life/' &e.; It was 5 o'clock on the evening of I\> (:Gin!j;.T 24 when ..Mi'. Augustus Tarboy, who h;ul been out marketing, arrived muddy and puffing in front of his residence, No. ~l\, Kay-slieet. Hrimswick-squarc. 'Thank goodness!" said Mr. Tarboy. 'He it ever so humble there's no. place like home' "-especially when you've made your self a beast of burden, and you're sixteen .stone by the Automatic Weighing Machine at King's Cross Station, and there isn't a cnb to be had for love or money." Having relieved himself of this expression of gratitude and its accompanying explana tion, Mr. Tarboy stepped three paces back on. tlie pavement, and admiringly surveyed the front of his mansion from basement to roof. "Mine!" said Mr. Tarboy, mopping his brow-with his handkerchief. "Mine-all mine-mine and Maria's, God bless her! and a home for my mnn to be pzoud oi." The blinds were already down all over the house. Thore was a bright light from the gas in the kitchen, and Mr. Tarboy noted it. "There she is, down there, God bless her!" lie said, "a-working. and a-worrying and a-gctting my tea, and her head full of to morrow. Augustus Tarboy, you've got a wife in a thousand-you have, my boy, and I hope you're becomingly grateful. Maria, God bless you! " Mr. Tarboy kissed liis hand affectionately at the drawn kitchen blind, and then he brought his eyes up to the ground floor. There was no gas there, but the giddy fire light danced and flickered through the lowered Venetians. "Everything ready for me in there," he said. "The armchair wheeled up to the fire, the kettle on' the trivet, the table laid, my pipe and 'baccy brought up and put on the mantelshelf, and a vase full of new made spills ready to hand. I'm as sure of it as if I'd been inside and looked. What a wife I've got-what a wife!" Lifting Lis eyes in thankfulness to the sombre skies, Mr. Tarboy's attention was arrested by a dim light in a room on the third floor. "Poor- girl!-poor girl!''* he said; "there's, the skeleton in my cupboard this happy Christinas Eve-there's the ghost as'll be #t my banquet to-morrow! Poor girl l»ooiv lonely little girl!'"' ' Mr. Tarboy shook his head mourn fully, and-mounting: the steps of his residence, knocked an apologetic knock at the front uoor. - . As he did so he glanced at tJ>e fanlight, 315 which a jet of gas was burning in a pmk glass gloJie, and caught sight of a small bust of Charles Dickens, which occu pied a post of honour in the centre. Mr. Tarboy deposited his parcels on the top step, and raised Iijs hat to the bust, "lji love and humble duty, 6ir," he said, at this season of the year, which jf eV(»r .a man understood its lessons and taught thorn to the world, you did, sir. And may all iu this house humblv foilow your example." The door opened at that moment, and a stout, comely middle-aged woman stood staring ai Mr. Tarboy. "Good gracious, Augustus!" she ex im turned, "whatever are you doing standing without your hat in a wind that's lit to perish you? It's enough to give one rheu matics in the head to look at you." "It's all light, Alalia. I was taking off my hat to the bust of Dickens, and think ing of 'The Cricket on. the Hearth.' " " 'Cricket 011 the Hearth!'" said Mrs. J arbor; you look more *like neuralgia, on the doorstep. Come in, do." Jarboy gently but firmly dragged Air, Jarboy iu by the collar of his over coat: When the door was closed he catching sight of a bunch of mistletoe, winch was suspended in the centre of the hall, put his laden arms as far round the comely datne as they would go, und pres sing her to his bosom, gave ner a hearty Jc/ss. . Maria,;' he said, "it is our first LnrjKtmas Ji.ve in our own home; God bless J'oii, .Maria, and a many of 'ein.'' Tarijoy was on the wrong side of fifty, and Maria was forty-five. Their romance had commenced over twenty years "r0, '".!'lose days Augustus Tarhov, a slim. good-looking young fellow, had fallen madly in love with Maria Twenilow, a jvung housemaid, who had recently been engaged by Lord Farndale s housekeeper. Mam was ;t pretty, genteel girl, and Au gustus, who was his lordships valet, thought ]le ueve). seen Sljcj, a jx.*rfeet ?-.miture before. 'Being of a shy and bash ful nature-not a common complaint with nobleman's valets - Augustus loved for some months in secret; but at last he sum moned up coinage to inform Maria that she had won his heart. I^'ev were returning from evening < hureh together when Augustus made his trembling confession, and it was in the v-iy duikcst part of the long avenue of elms leading up to the famous old mansion ni Suney which had been t-he Farndales* ever since the days of .Tames I. . 'i'ie .\oll,1S woman listened for a moment in blank astonishment; for, like most bash in men, Augustus had plunged into his subject without any preliminary remarks, hut when Maria Twemlow realized that the good-looking young valet was offering her marriage she gave a little gasp and said - "Oil, please don't-please don't sav anv more, ' and made a. dash for the house, leaving Augustus crestfallen and trembling, vu h nothing to distract his thought* but tlie sighing of the night wind and the caw ing-of the rooks. IVut the next day Maria Twemlow came 1:11011 Augustus, when he was alone in the nlirury ariimging his lordship's papers, and lieu*. uj a, sweet womanly wav, begged iiini to think no more of her, as' a mar- j i iajic between them was impossible. And when Augustus with tears in . his eyes .egged her to reconsider her determina te!!. slie felt a great pity come into her Jie.nl, for Jus hopeless Jove, and confessed i" iimi the secret of her life. She had been married fwo Years pre vx.usiy to a mail whom she had believed i« i>c a well-to-do young fellow, but after six months of married life in London she Jiad discovered that her husband's well-to <l<-ness arose from his participation in the profits of a series of frauds. One line day . M'liu l.axton leit his home. The next time Jus young wife saw liini he was standing n .. ns in the dock of tin. Old Bailey, and t,he result of his trial ^r.K that he received a sentence of fourteen years penal servitude. Thus it was that .Maria, who had 110 friends or relatives, had to turn out again ami earn her.living. She saw that all eiianee ot doing so in domestic service to i ni h. s.!lu had_ been brought up. would be jk-iuwr her if it this known that her hus njMul win: a conviVtetl criminal, so she re Hnneu her niaiden name of Twemlow and a Miiiner mi.stress having kindly interested .< rs:-Jl on Jier behalf, she obtained a *itua (ion as housemaid at Farndale Court -?Migiistus promised that he would respect :!". y..ii.i«r woman's secret, and he kept his ? . , ViL >vn" lll01'e <h'S|)eratejv in love iv!U, her thail ever, and presently ihe k.v.w- I :<<lge <,f Ins loyal devotion touc'icd th>- heir* i 1 ,!n' unhappy wife, and he found that she ! iyis ret in ning his afveetion. Then the s'tua- ! ii,..,, nreiv pamfuJ to Jjotl, of tl,ell). and . ?i.iria said that she must leave. That Au L'lwri.s w,'"Id not hear of. so he eut the K.iiiian knot by giving notice himself. One day the young valet and the voting 'Mi.-einaiil bade each other a tearful farc . hill as he held the young wife's hand in Ins Augustus vowed that he would al ways hive her, and that he would be faith ful t" her memory, and that no other vo,,!;i|, should ever supplant Jier in bis alt', etions. And so the years wenl on. Maria re mained at the Court, and Augustus went to I.oiuIDII, obtained another situation. ;md pi cj-jk 11<). I1 j oin tune to time 11 ?»0 lovers saw ck-Ii other, and talked as friends. ? lohn Laxton, before his sentence had expired, was released on a ticket of leave and louiid his wife. She gave him her s.:o in^js. ; - j d bade Jjin-i Jeave Jier in pe.ice, I He took the money, and went ha<k to JiOiidoii. where in six months he was once more in the hands of the law. l#ut at last the bar that stood between the happiness of the faithful couple was re inoved. John Laxton, who had spent most 01 tl'e intervening twenty years in gaol, died of consumption 111 the Prison Infirm "U ana Maria Iwemlow was a. free woman. Augustus was abroad with his master at /be tune On his return to England the iu \vs reached him, and he hastened to Farn dale Court where the young housemaid was now the middle-aged housekeeper, and once more offered her his hand and fortune And in due time the man and woman who had waited so long for each other went to tlio altar, and were made happv at last Augustus Tarboy was fifty-one and Maria orty.fivc when they became man and wife. J*»th bad money saved-Augustus had a ?good deal-and so they took house iu Kay streei, Brunswick-square, furnished 'it neatly, and a.nanged to let off a. portion of it in apartments. They bad entered into possession six months ago. This was the first Christmas of their married life-the nrat. as Augustus put it, when he saluted Ins buxom little wife under the mistletoe, that they had passed "under their own roof.' Mr. Tarbo> hiid finished his ton, and sat in his easy chair smoking his tavounte pipe, with his slippered feet on the fender, love iu his licart and admiration in his eyes. The love and the admii ation "were both lor Ins wife, who had displayed the most remark able skill iu the adornment of their dunrfr i room. Augustus declared that with a. buncli of holly and some evergreens she had con- . verted it into a fairy bower, and when she told him of the preparations she had made for their first Christinas dinner Augustus became almost reverential. . The lust Christinas Day m their own home was to be celebrated in quite "baro nial" manner. The term was Mr. Tarboy s and came of loug connection with the lan ded gentry. Mr. Tarboy had invited seve ral of their own relatives, and Maria had in vited two of her former fellow-servants at the Court-two who had married recently and settled in London; and they were going to bring their husbands with them. "Ah!" said Mr. Tarboy, "it'll be a happy Christinas, Maria; the happiest I've known for twentv years, my dear." . | "Yes, dear," said the little woman, put ting a plump aim round her, husband s neck and kissing the upturned face ten I derly, "and the happiest that I've known, too. Christmas was always a miserable time at the Court for me, and it was mise rable for everybody after poor Air. Hugh and his Lordship quarrelled live years ago, and Mr. llugli left the Court and Ave never saw him and never heard of him again/ I "Poor young fellow!" exclaimed Mr. Tar boy. "I oifly knew him as a boy. I don't think His Lordship ever loved the lad, though he was his only son. He cost his mother her life, you know, Maria, when he i oame into the world, and His Lordship was ! never the same man after it. Many a time ( i I've seen him sitting opposite Her Lady ship's portrait as was hung over the fire- 1 place in his bedroom, and looking at it with ; tears in his- eyes. And sometimes, when : the lit was on him. I've known him pati tlie room like a madman, and say things aloud that- would have been blasphemy I against the will of Heaven, Maria, if it hadn't been that it was his heart crying j I out in agony, and not his lips speaking in anger." ; "Yes, T suppose it- was that made him turn against the boy, ' said Maria, with a sorrowful look in her eyes; "but- it made our hearts ache for the poor young gentle man, the way his father treated him as he grew up. 'J'hey used to suy at the Court that his father had never kissed his son and heir, or given him one fatherly caress from the day he was horn. And so when, he grew ii]> Mr. Hugh seemed to hate the place. When he was at home, and became wild in his ways, we servanls used to say . that it wasn't to be wondered at, poor young gentleman!" "Maria, my dear," said Mr. Tarboy, "put mme more coal on the lire and stir up a blaze, it makes me cold to think of such things at Christmas time. 1 suppose there's no doubt that Mr. Hugh is dead, eh, Maria?" *. "I'm afraid he must be," answered Mrs. Tarboy. stirring till ths bright llanies roared up the chimney. "It's live years fiinee he left the Court in anger, alter a terrible scene with His Lordship, vowing he'd never enter liie place again while his father lived. From that hov.v no word ever came from him, and now the old lord's been dead three months aiid the heir's been advertised for. and the lawyers have been hunting for him all over the world so Mrs. Millet, that was upper housemaid there at (lie time told me the other day and Mr. Hugli^B. never made a sign." "Yes, of course, he must be dead," re plied Mr. Tarboy, knocking the ashes out of his pipe. "He'd ha' come back and claimed the estates by this time if he hadn't been. Let's talk o' something else more Christmassy, .Maria. Jt ain't the sort of thing to have hovering over your domes tic health with the carollers outside a singing .<;cnl lilts? ilif master "f this house, <«od 1)1 ess tin* mistress ton, And .ill tlit' little children Tliiit round the table ku.j I shall have to go out and give 'em a shil ling. and ask 'em to go away. All! thank goodness, they've finished. ' They jarred, Marin. Your talking about His Lordship and poor Mr. Hugh got. on my-nerves, my dear. Fancy a Christmas carol jarring iu a home that has a. bust, of Charles Dickens in the fanlight of jtshall. It ain't right, Maria, it ain't right." Air. Tarboy rose and paced the room, and Mrs. Tarboy gave a. great gulp and seemed inclined to cry. ! "I'm so sorry, Augustus dear," she whis pered. "1 ought to have known how ten der-hearted vou are." Augustus Tarboy passed his hand across his eyes and exclaimed:-"It's gone,'Marin; the vision of domestic misery, and the silent rooms of Knmdalc Court is banished. Don't let's speak of it again. Hullo! what's that?" ^ii\ Ti'.iboy stalled, and Mrs. Tarlioy opened her moutii in nstiniishinem. The front door had -been suddenly pulled to. Mrs. Tarboy went to the head of the I kitchen stairs, and called out sharply. ! "Sarah!" and a voice from below an swered. "Yes, ma'am." Mrs. Tarboy eame hack again to her hus band. "It isn't Sarah," she said. I iiett she gave a sudden start, "(iuod g'-aeious, Augustus," she exclaimed, "it must bo our third floor!" "Xever!" exclaimed Mr. Tarboy. "\\\ )iy, she's been too weak, poor thing, to go out for days past: ami Cor her to do it such a ] bitter night as this. Co up. Maria; yo up j at once." _ j Mrs. Tarboy wont up to the third lioov' as fast as she could, anil came down pant ing. "It's her, Augustus." she said. "Oil, go, | alter her at once and bring in r back. It s I death to her to be out on a niJ:> like this. 1 Shif must be mad." ilr..'J'arbov put on hi* isaf and overcoat, and Sarah, hastily summoned, came lush ing up with his boots. A minute later lie was out in the street, staring up and down it, and wondering which way the "ihird floor" had gone. Presently, as his eyes became accustomed to the cold blue haze which had come on with the night, he saw a policeman stand ing under a lamp-post at the next comer. He went across and asked him if he had seen a young woman come out of No. 21. The policeman 6aid he had, and she had gone up the street towards llrunswick square. . Mr. Tarbov turned up Ins coat collar, lor the air was biting "shrewdly." and walked iu the direction indicated, the square was deserted, but ill almost every house the lights were burning brightly, ami the sound of merry voices floated out now and again upon the quiet night. Suddenly a woman's voice rose sweetly from the darkness beyond. It was a. rich contralto, Vint it trembled now and again as it sang the grand old carol, "God restj you, merry gentlemen." ? Mr. Tarboy knew tliat voice in a mo il, en t. He had heard it iirst a month ago, when Miss Buth H el more, wiio said she was an actress, had taken the modest room on the third tloor. Mist llelmore hud gi.ne out daily, and spent tlie evening.- in her own room, which Sir. Tarboy thought was oilj I'or tut actress* but sometimes in the evening they heard a beautiful voice filling the house with melody, and Mr. and Mrs. Tatboy had' Agreed that Mies Hel 11101% must be a young lady, who sang on the stage, but was temporarily out of an engagement. Gradually Mrs. Tarboy, in her kind, motherly way, had won the young lady's heart, and had gathered that their surmise was correct; and Mrs. Tarboy had inspired sufficient confidence also to ascertain tliatj Miss Helmore was really a young wife, but that her inwbaud was "away,"' and she had been singing at the- theatres as a chorus girl in his absence. And Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy, talking their "third floor" over, had long ago come to the conclusion llhat Miss Helmore was very unhappy and very poor, and that she was going out day after day to try and g^t sonwjthing to do, because she was rapidly approaching the end of her slender resources. This idea was confirmed when at the end of the third week Miss Helmore, with a white face, came t|» her landlady and stam mered out a plea for a little time. She was hoping to get an engagement every day, but for the present she was not pre pared to "pay up her book"' with the punctuality generally insisted on by Lon don landladies. Mi-s. Tarboy told Augustus, and Augus tus, who had been struck with the gill's lady-like demeanour and evident distress, requested Sirs. Tarboy not to worry the poor young thing, but to take every oppor tunity of making her comfortable. AjkI BO Mrs. Tarboy had done her best to com fort and cheer up the penniless "third floor." But both husband and wife had noticed that their lodger was getting ill, and. that she was scarcely in a condition to take an engagement if slie succeeded in getting one. They made up their minds that worry and want of sufficient nourishment were ati the bottom o^ Miss Hehnove's ill-health, and they tried their best to relieve the situa tion. Huti the gill was proud, and they hardly daivd to do what, they would have liked to-to send for their own doctor and supply her with the wine and nourishment she undoubtedly needed. Mr. Tarboy had quite taken his "third flour's" misfortunes to heart, and had built a romantic story of love and sorrow around her. He felt sure that it was another wise of a bad husband ami a. de serted wife, and it; was the reflection of the dim light on the third floor blind that had been the one bitter drop in his cup of happiness, as he gave off his cheery Christinas sentiments on the doorstep that evening. "(jlood gracious!" cried Mr. Tarbny. as [le rec-ogniseu the beautiful voice o£ his "third floor,"' "she must have gone suddenly out of her mind. She's delirious, and thinks she's nt the opera. She can't be hinging in the streets in her sober senses." Ut -,iu' liciili ilclruorc siiivciinf? and tivmljling In the doorway, mid siii^injr. Ilr- hurried in the direction of the sound, ar.d I lim e lie saw lint.li H el more shivering iind uvnildiiij/ in the rondway and singinjr. .\ . v Indow ujitned, and there was the Found of ;> coin striking tho pavement. Kuth Hel nuitii ;;;tve a. »ival: shiver, but stepped for ward to itiik i) up. Ak she <lid so she re-led, anil would have fallen to-the ground if Mr. Taiiiny had not managed to reach hi r side in ilie nii.k of time and put a *--tion:r s'.m round Jur waist. "My dear young lady! My dear Miss llel mojv ! ' he .ua.-ped. "What on earth are you tliir.kiiitr <if?:' "Oh, d.in'i don't!'' said the girl, bursting into t-jaiv. "1-1 owe you money, and 1 mus:. pay it-I must earn it. 1 haven't a ]ii-:ii)\ in the world, j heard the earol sin^eis to-night. I opened my window to lir-li'ii, and 1 saw the people tlu-ow them money-shillings and Jialf-ernwjis-and I Ihr.uftlil- J thought 1 might perhaps got some that way too, and'' "Oh dear, oh deal! the very idea of it. And you ill as you are- and"-plam-ing at lhe fill's thin dress and light eloak-"ami not half wrapped-up enough. You eomo home with me, my dear. You're going to spend t!:e evci'.ii:;5 willi Mrs. Tarljoy and m\~elf, and hr.vo ?simper with us: and we'll talk about what you owe after Christmas Al lien you've got an engagement." Hut- there was no sitting up when Mr. Tarboy got his trembling charge home. Mis. Tarboy s-.iw that bed w.is the best piaee lor lie)-, so she helped her up to the third floor, made a. big lire, put her io bed, and in sisted on her taking a steaming howl of cornflour with a wiiieglassful of whisky in it, ;md then when she WHS quiet and seemed to have got over her shivering. Mrs. Tarboy sat down by the bedside and talked to her till the poor, tired little eh or us girl fell asleep. Then Mrs. Tarboy eame downstairs and told her husband all she had learned. "Oil, dear Augustus, it's another sad story," she said. '"The poor girl's told me everything, seeing she had a real friend in me, she said. She's a married woman right enough. I saw the ring below the keeper when she put her hand in mine, poor thing. Her husband's in trouble somewhere, and can't get to her. I'm afraid it's gaol, Au gustus, indeed I am. She says he's a gentle man, Ihough he's a common, soldier. It seems he enlisted_pwing to family trouble, and lie met her at Portsmouth, where she was singing with a company, and fell in love with her straight away, and the poor foolish young people thpy got married. "She's a good girl. Augustus. I'm pure, ayd quite a lady. ..iihc told me her father was a doctor, and was ruined, and died in au asylum, aud she decided to go 011 the stage and use her voice for a' living, be cause she had no- friends, and it was the liesti thing to do. They were happy enough for a year, and then her husband got into trouble. She declares it wasn't his fault, but a sergeant in the regiment who hated him because he was a. gentleman ranker, grossly insulted Him abouli her. Then, mad wlh rage, the young fellow seized the bully and thrashed him within an inch of his life in the barrack square before half the regiment, and lie was tried for it aud sentenced, and he's in the military prison now, and poor Miss He]more says it will be two years before he'll be ire?. She writes to liiui, nud he writes to her when lie's allowed, but of course lie. can't send her any .money, poor thing. Isn't it sad, A ugustus?" "Sad!" exclaimed Mr. Tarboy, "it's heart-breaking, Maria. Here's our first Ohristjtiias together, you and me, and a. tragedy under under our own roof. It's all tragedies, Marin, and it don't seem to have brought, the Spirit of Christmas our way at all. That bust of Dickens in our hall, J lark-I've half a. mind to fa Ice it down and put the mistletoe on the lire as a holler mockery." 51r..Tarboy strode out into the hall and looked up hall'-reproachfully at the bust of the great! novelist who is said to have in vented the Christinas of Charity and Loving-kindness, the Christmas of the Hearth, the Heart, <uid the Home. And :is he gazed it seemed to him that the cold face of the modelled clay relaxed into a smile, and the lips of the muster moved. It was only a gust of wind tljat had caught the gas in the pink globe and caused iti to flare- up and cast a pink reflection on the face of the bust, but it cheered Mr. Tar boy immensely. "Maria," lie said, "I've banished this vision of misery as I banished the other. Charles Dickens says it'll be all light. It there wasn't any misei-y in the world there'll be nothing for people to do on Christinas Day to show their gratitude for the mercies vouchsafed to them. To-mor rcw tjlie 'third floor' has her Christmas dinner with us, and she is the honoured guest. Don't forget that, Maria - the honoured .ruest." On Christmas morning the postman knocked at No. 21, Kay-str<\1|. and handed in gome half-dozen letters for Mr. and Mrs. "Many linppy Cliiisunas Days to my Lord and J-ndy F;irno!)ic! Tarboy, which were Christmas .cards from old friends, and 011c letter for Miss ltuth , Helmore. "Oil, I am glad," exclaimed Mrs. Tai» boy, and she ran. off upstairs with it to the invalid. lluth Helmore gave a ci v of joy an she saw (jhe envelope. Flie i.oie it open ami read the contents, and then with a little hysterical cry flung up her arms and fainted dead away. When she came to hpfscK 'Irs. Tarboy whs bending over her, bathing her head. "Oh," cried the girl, "J couldn't help it. It-it was joy. He's free-ftec-my hu-baiu! \- my darling! lie's coming to nic fi-day. -iv-ihiy. Oil, you will let him come here, won't you?"' .Mrs. Tarboy couldn't speak for a moment -the statement had quite taken her breath i awav. When she had recoveied her speech she flung her arms round her "third floor's7' ncck and exclaimed. "Conic here, my dtar? Why, of course. Where else should a hus band lie 011 Christmas J)av but with his wife?" | And then she went off down (wo stairs ! at a time, with a heaving bosom and-a pal- | pitting heart to tell Augustus the good | news. "1 knew; it!cried Air. Tarboy, tiiuni phantly: "I knew as (hat expression on ihe bust of Charles Dickens meant, (hat every thing would come right. Now. Maria, there's two honoured guests round our mahogany this Christmas Day-out- 'third floor' and our 'third floor's' husband. What ;i dinner-what a real Christmas dinner it will be! That, bust won't have noihing to blush for under our roof, Maria. I'm not sure as I din n't take it- down,'and put it in the middle of the table with a wreath of holly and mistletoe round it.". About 1 o'clock there was a knock at the door. Sarah, the maid of all work, answered it, as Mr. Tarboy was in the beer cellar, and Mrs. Tarboy was busy with the turkey. When Sarali came down she was in a state of great excitement "Oh, mem," she said, "it was a young man as asked for the'third floor,' and said he was her 'usbing, and 1 showed him iu> as you said, mem, and I 'ope I done right.' "Quite right," said Mrs. .Tarboy. Then she called out across the passage to the cellar, ''Augustus, he's come-Miss . Hel mnre's husband's come." "Hooray!" replied a voice from t-lie cellar. "God bless 'em both, and a meny Christ mas to 'em. Maria, this its (something like a Christmas Day!" Mr. and Mrs. Millet arrival about 1.30, and as dinner was not for iin hour ilns. Millet and All's. Tarboy had scraps of,con versation between whiles*. Mvs. Millet,'who hud been- married from Eaiudale Courts had the latest news to impart . Among the: late Lord's papers had. bqeu found a letter tp his son, in which lie expressed his. sincere grief for what he had done, and acknowledged that he had been io blame. Jt was the olive branch held out from the grave. Mrs. Tarboy shook her head. "Too late," she said, "too late. Mr. Hugh will never know. He ia dead too." The other guests arrived, and dinner being quite ready, .Surah was sent up to the third floor with "Air. and Mrs. Tar boy's . compliments, and would Mr. and Mrs. Helmore please come down, as dinner was waiting.'' * Everybody was standing up in the dining room when the door opened and Ruth Hel niore stepped in. "Mrs, Tarboy," she said, "this is my husband, Mr. ." Tliere was a startled cry, and Mm Tar boy and ills. Millet, staggered forward to gether, and Jlrs. Tarboy guvc ;i little shriek. "Mr. Hugh!" she tried. '"It's-it's ." Then she /Topped down in a chair speech loss, and Mr. Tarboy, looking in imminent danger of apoplexy, bowed respectfully to the apparition, and said, "Mr. Hugh! Am I dreaming, or "It is no dream," said the young man, taking liis young wife's liand, and staling round at the familiar faces in utter be wildennont. Hut, good gracious, Tarboy-< and yon, Maria-and you, Jane-is-is it a comedy-or-or- whatever are you all doing here? This isn't Fanidale Court' and ." Then everybody spoke at once, and Hugh learnt of his fathers letter of forgiveness and of his death, and that for a month every effort had been made to find him. Then he insisted on their all sitting down to dinner, 1 hough Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy and Mrs. Millet wanted to take theirs in the kitchen. And when he had made everybody at caw lie told them how he had enlisted under a false name, and how he had been imprisoned and released only the previous day. two years before his time, for saving the life of a warder attacked by a. half-a doy.cn prisoners, and how he had at once written to his wife, and come 1o ]»iulon to spend the lirst day of liberty with her. And when the Christmas pudding was "taken away, and the de.'seit was on jtfie table Mr. Tarboy rose, and said:-"With, our humble respects, and long life and many happy Christmas Days to my Lord and Lady of Famdale of Farndale Court. <.iod bless Uicm." And the company drank it with a re fill but hearty i.ln-oe times three and humble duty, and while Mi's. Tarboy was Wearing away for tea, still out. of breath as well who might lie. Augustus strode ont into thy hall, and looked up at the bust of Charles Dickens, bowed low. to it. 'Jo the day of his, death llr. Tiuljoy will believe that it was having the bust of tlie great Apostle of ChHstma.-, in his hall that brought the happiness of that. Christ mas Day about. How ctae could Lady Fanidale have been *ingin;i for charity in* the snow on Christ mas Kve. and happy in Lord Farndale's amis on Christmas night, and she (lie day before, only a poor litlle chorus pill out of an engagement, and His Lordship a. com mon soldier with two years' imprison ment yet to run? That night, a? Mr. Tarboy laid his head upon the- pillow, lie turned to Mrs. Tarboy and said, "j\\!aria-the iirst Christmas un der our own roof-and what a Christmas Day!" And outside a belated party of revellers woke ihe eelicos of Kay-street . with "God bless the Master of this lioii.se," and every wakeful car bencalh that master's roof caught, the words and re-echoed them in their hearts. 