1 THE NOVELIST. „ "All's Well that Ends Well." /<'" _____ CHAPTER XVII. Perhaps llio ait- may revive her,' suggested Dudloy. Ho had waited upon his littlo step mother on tho rare occasions when she had fainted, and ver.C tendwly and rovercntly ho now lifted tho girl's slight form in his arms and carried her easily to ono of tho tlireo long windows in the passago, which ho threw, open to lot the night air play upon her face. Very fragile and childish Botty looked, her head, with its silky dark curls, pillowed on his arm, and hor pretty pink- nud-wliito flesh-tints faded to an ivory tinge. The childish contour of lier faco and that look of innocont youthfulncss about it made hor appear moro liko a dead child than a living woman ; and, bending over her in tender solicitude, Dudloy could not help recalling, with a sense of strong contrast, tho sensations which hail recently swept over him when that other woman had thrown herself in what looked like fear into his arms. Passion was tho sentiment inspired by Francesca, tenderness hy a puro-soulod little womanly creature such as Betty. Her pale lips parted at last in a quiver ing sigh, and Betty opened hor eyes, to find her head pillowed on Dudley Revels- worth's arm, wliilo his aunt, close besido them, chafed her hands. ' Oh, what is it all ? ' bIio murmured, blushing warmly all over her face, and suddonly conscious of tho deshabille of a pink flannel dressing-gown, ns Dudley gently helped her to her feet and half suwnorted her as alio stood, a little unsteadily still, and stared abont her. ' You fainted, my dear, and wore insensib'e quite half an hour. I've sent for Doctor Vernon,' Mrs. Rcvelsworth explained. ' I thought you were dead at first. You gave nil of us a droadful fright.' 'Oh,' cried little Betty faintly, ns remembrance back to her. Then she pressed her fingers to her eyes, as though to shut out the memory of some dreadful sight. ' It's of no use sending for the doctor,' she cried. 'It was a ghost I saw — the ghost. Doctors can't cure ghosts. T was afraid about you, Mrs. Bevelsworth, because you've been ill and nervous lately, and so I kept my door a very little way open lest you should call me in the night, as you promised you would if you hud hail dreams or anything. And then, just ns I wns about to fall asleep, I heard it- -that awful rustling something- -and I made up my mind to fnec it and slip into your room, that you mightn't lie frightened too. But, as soon as I had slipped on my dressing- gown and got to the door of my room, I saw it. ft was gliding right out of the door of votir room without making the least sound -even the dog on the mat didn't wake. Only the yellow broeade rustled horribly ; and, thuugh there was scarcely any light, I saw its face.' Her teeth were chattering and her whole frame was quivering in such an agony of terror that buth Dudley and his aunt strove to culm her and to p-.istpono the telling of her story ; but Betty clung to Mrs. Hevelswnrth's hand and hurried on. ' I must tell you, because it was so horrible, and F want it explained, if any body win explain it. The thing was small and thin, and its dress looked old and faded. The rufl'and muslin eap were just j like the picture, and the golden hair wns j dressed with pearls. But, when I saw the face — oh, it was awful — awful. It was Mistress Penfold after she was drowned ! — a horrid dead face, quiet gray, and yet i shining strangely in the. dark, with great black holes for eyes, and a smilo like that on a skull, and hands liko a skeletons, shining too. At first 1 was too frightened even to scream, and stood still, staring at it. But, when it caiuo gliding right towards ine, making no sound except that dreadful rustling, and clawing tho ail- with those horrible bony littlo hands, through which a light seemed to be glow ing, 1 must have lost my senses, for I can remember nothing more. I dou't oven remember whether f called aloud for help. It was long before she could be persuaded to go to lied on tho couch in -Mrs. Bcvelsworth's dressing-room ; ami, when Doctor Vernon, the local practi tioner, as distinguished from Mrs. Itevels- worth's own particular Fsnidon doctor, arrived, he found it necessary to admin ister a very strong sedative before lie could leave his patient with any hope of sleep. This local doctor was a small, neut- figurcd, alert littlo gentleman, who had settled at Hampton Court some ten years licfore, only to find nearly every resident devoted to Doctor Burbage, a steady old- fashioned man of considerable experience and no originality, who, fortunately for the new-comer, hud contrived to ofl'end Mrs. Rovelsworth by the expression of some opinion antagonistic to her own. Forthwith Doctor Vernon was installed as modicul adviser to the servants, to Mis. Mannington, and to Mrs. Bevelsworth when she had nothing a r'.ous tho matter with her, in which latter ease she invari ably telegraphed for Sir Henry Champneys from town. Yet Doctor Vernon was perhaps worthy of more confidence than the autocratic old lady reposed in him. lie was a limn of culture, of reading, and intelligence, perhaps a little too proud of tho extremely good society in which lie hud formerly moved by reason < it" his wife's distant connection with an impoverished Irish nobleman, and a little fonder of tennis and boating and gossip than of the technicalities of his profnssion, hut by no meuns unobservant, and of a kindly mid considerate nature. Down in the billiard-room, lie took Dudley aside after lie had prescribed for Miss Mnnnington up stairs. Dudley had lighted the gas, and was waiting bv the open door of tho room toeatch the Doctor as he passed. 'Ah, I wanted a little chat with you,' cried Doctor Vernon, who, aroused from his bed at one o'clock in the morning, looked as neat and fresh-eoluurcd and daintily exact in his dress as though it had been one in the afternoon. ' You are the male head of tho family now, I believe ? I atn delighted to make your acquaintance. Oh, yea — Miss Betty is much bettor. A charming girl, and a great favourite with my wife. I supposo you had ull been telling each other ghost-stories ( Or perhaps it wns only indigestion.' Some servant's trick, moro likely,' returned Dudley. 'I should havo kus- icotod that imp of a pago-boy, but that my nether found him fast asleep in bed in his fathor's room wlion ho went down stairs to arouso him. But I hope Miss Mannington'a nerves will not be seriously injured. Sho seomotl terrified beyond measure, and gave a most graphic account of the ghost.' ' Sho is nervous and excitable, and very anxious just at present, so I gathered, aliout Mrs. ltevclsworth's health. Ami that I can thoroughly understand. I haven't seen your auut for six weeks, and J havo seldom seen a woman more changed for the worse in that tinio in mv lifo.' ' Do you really mean that ! I know she has socmed irritable lately, and has lookod pale, and complained of sore throat and want of appetite ; but I put that down to her ago and to tho extreme bent we have had lately.' Doctor Vernon shook his head. ' I have known her ten years, he said, ' and sho has never complained of the heat before. She had rather a bad heart- attack about two months ago, and by my advice she advertised thon for hor surviv ing relatives. But sho was a lot better then than sho is now. Sho looks positively broken. Has she had any worry lately, do you know ?' Dudley hesitated. ' I suppose our coming lias upset hor,' he said, 'after so many years' solitary reign. My aunt is, as you know, a woman of very strong prejudices ' ' I noticed how very disagreeable in mannor sho was to that tall handsomo young lady who wanted to take earn of Miss Mnnnington for tho rest of the night — ' Miss Rovelsworth.' the servants called her. ' May I ask if she is your sister,?' ' My cousin.' 'And the young gentleman with the foreign accent ?' 'My step-brother — Victor Itcvels- worth.' ' He looks wretchedly ill.' ' I wish you would prescribe for him,' said Dudley earnestly. ' For scvoral days past he has been complaininig of want of sleep and want of appetite, and feverisli- ncss and sore throat.' 'A very frequent effect of the Thames Valley air when one ins't used toil. .Send him round to mo some time during the morning. Or T will see liiin when F call bore at noon.' ' lie is going to be away all day, -o lie was telling me. on a solitary rowing excursion.' 'The fresh air will do him good : but I shouldn't let him overdo the exercise. He doesn't look tit for much exertion. Why, you would make two of him. You and that splendid cousin of yours, Miss Bevelsworth, men of my inches feel very small nnd mean. Well, good-bye now. 1 will call at noon and see if my sleeping- draught has taken any effect, and try to persuade your aunt to place herself in my hands. Frankly, if she doesn't either do that or send for .Sir Henry Champneys I won't answer for the consequences.' At t.ho lireakrast table on tho following morning Dudley found himself alone. Victor had stulen off early, leaving a message that lie would not be back before dinner, Miss Mannington was still too nervous and weak to rise, and Miss Bevelsworth was devoting herself to her littlo friend with womanly tonderness, having, at Betty's express wish, curried her in her arms back to hor bed-room, to be 'out of Mrs. Bovclswortli's way.' ' T have to go up to London to-day by the 1 1 . -0 train, dearest,' Francesca explained to Betty, as she sat bv tho latter's bedside persuading her to eat some breakfast. ' I must go, as it is to get a tonic made up for my mother, which they can't do at any of the chemists here, and to buy her some little Italian tilings which she likes to eat at a little ehnreuterie. shop near Leicester .Square. 1 hate to leave you, dear, especially ns you liko to have me with you. I5ut 1 can't refuse mv mother; and you know invalids have such curious fancies for things to eat some times.' ' How very good you are to her,' mur mured Betty. ' 1 don't wonder she worships you us sho docs.' ' It is only my duty,' Francesca answered simply, while a Hush crept slowly over her fair face. It was a charming characteristic of hers, so Betty thought, that she deprecated all praise of her filial devotion, and invnriubly blushed if any allusion was mttdo to it. At a quurter-pnst ton Fmneesen took a tender leave of Betty and hurried to her own room to drebs. Donning her tan lace blouse, silk skirt, and largo black -luco hat, she caught up a dust-cloak wherewith to conceal the elegance of her toilet on her journey, mid her tan Suede gloves, nnd tapped at tho door of Mrs. Harold Bevels- worth's room. ' It is I, mother. May 1 come in ?' ' Come in, carissima.' The old lady was seated in her invalid- chair, and grasped the arms with restless skinny hands. 'You will meet that French foul in London, will you not, my darling was her first question. 'Yes. You know quite well 1 can't go about in London alone.' ' No —you are ton beautiful, mv beloved one. Hut is it very wise, do you think, this whole journey .Suppose Vim should meet ' ' T don't care,' exclaimed FVancesca, stamping her foul defiant ly. ' My position is secure enough now. Oral least'— she corrected herself, with a little laugh -' it will be soon.' 'Thanks to your adoring mother.' 'Oil, yes,' Friinceseii said eurelc-slv - I owe you a lot, I know.' ' Ami you will owe me more, my queen. You will owe it to mo that vou are a millionaire, that you can live as you please, as you have longed to all your life ' Ani you going to begin reminding me oi my oongaiioos 10 you, inniire una ; me girl inquired scornfully. ' Because tho list is no doubt, a long one, and F have a train to catch, and an idiot who is in love with me waiting at the other end.' ' You are under no obligations to ine,' whimpered the old woman, wliilo tears began to course down her shrivelled checks, '1 only want a little love, a little tender ness from you ' 'And you shall have tliem when rhavn time,' retorted Franecscu lightlv. 'flood- 1 bye.' Nodding gaily, she ran out of the room nnd tripped in light-hearted fashion down tho sttiirs and round the corner of the Green to whoro tho Kingston omnibus stood waiting. CHAPTER XVIII. ' Five hours and a half — five hours and a half in London with you.' It wns Victor Bevelsworth whouttcrod tho words as he flew to the door of tho compartment from the window of which he had perceived his cousin's lovely fnco peeping. Sho gavehiiu her hand as sho stopped on to tho platform ; and ovory man in her vicinity turned with ouo accord to look again at her tall form and beautiful calm faco, with tluit lurking smilo in tho eyes. ' Have you gut the carriage?' alio asked. ' But yos. And the clothes. Do you not sco? Tho frock-coat is as beautiful as tho young gentleman's in the pattern- hooks.' ' First,' she -said, us she slowly crossed tho station by his side, towering above him in her largo black hat, ' wc will go to a place I have heard about and longed to sco ull my life — Madame Tussaud's Wax work .Show,' Victor stared at her anil broke into a hearty laugh. ' But it is unheard of,' ho exclaimed, ' that on a hcautifui hot day in Juno two grown-up people should go and look tit melting dollies in Madaino Tussaud's. Let us rather drive to Ilichmoml. ' ' But, Victor, you came to plcaso me,' she said, laying her hand porsuosively upon his arm, 'and you must do as I like. It is tho desire of my heart. to go to Mudamo Tussaud's. I particularly want to see tho Chamber of Horrors and all the dreadful pictures. Years ago, when I was quite a a little girl, my father talked to nte nbo.ut them, nnd I havo novcr forgotten his description.' ' As you like, my angel.' Outside the stution an elegantly- nppoiutcd victoria and pair awaited them, nnd into this Viator assisted his cousin. ' Eniin. Shall it be the dollies first of all 1 ' he inquired, laughing. ' No. First, it must be Regent .Street, and a new bonnet nnd Hunsliudc. You have provided yourself with money, ns I suggested, of course ? ' 'Assuredly, t have been in correspon dence with tho Oennan-Jowish gentleman you told mo of for some rlny.x, and he has at length providedmu with a few shillings to play with,' As Victor spoke, lie drew from his coat- pocket a leather x>ckct-lxx>k, fastened with an clastic hand, tightly crammed with bank-notes. 1 How much I-'rancexca asked, her eyes sjiarkliiig at sight of tho money. 1 A hundred, to begin with.' She held out her hand, j ' Half for me, please.' j 'My love, it is nil for you. Of what i use is tho money to me unless it gives you | pleasure?' | ' Half.' Laughing, lie counted out liftv pounds in bank-notes, and pressed them into her gloved hand. And Francesca fastened them into her purse. It never once occurred to Victor that there was anything greedy or grasping in her action. Whatever Francesca did was perfect in his eyes. As his brother Dudley had said long since, Victor wp.s one of those men fated to be a woman's humble and unquestioning slave : while, on the other hand, Francesca by her imperial beauty nnd tho faculty which she possessed in n marked dogreo of ' keeping her head,' was as certainly destined hy nature to rule and to bo obeyed. On this particular day she was in the highest possible spirits. It was long, very long since she hud had so much money to spend ; luxury was as the breath of life to her, mid to drive in a showy carriage in tho Park through admiring crowds, perfectly dressed and in the heyday of ln-r beauty, attended by a man who palpably worshipped her, was to Francesca ait exporicncc the more delightful on account of the dullness and hardness of her recent existence. Thore was mutli about his cousin that Victor did not understand ; but he was content to adore without understanding. He wns only threc-und-twenty, and by no means a man of the world. His sturdy healthy-minded English brother and his cherished little mother had moulded his youth since the death of his father, whoso constant companion ho had bivm until ho reached tho age of thirteen ; he was by nature essentiaally good and kind, loyal and simple-hearted — treachery and deceit were unknown to him, and ho was the least suspicious of men. Such n man would lie as wax in the hands of a woman of tho world with whom he had fallen in love, ami he wasgenuinolv in love with his cousin Francesca. Fow inon are capable of such devotion us Victor's, in which tho unselfish 'calf-love' of tho hoy was blended with the joulous passion of the man. From tho moment when ho had first beheld hor standing on the threshold of Bevelsworth House in tho lato afternoon suimliine, sho had never been absent many moments from his thoughts, and her imago dominated his dreams. Her attitude towards him how- ever had been chiofly one of passive acceptance of his afl'oetion, tempered bv good-natured raillery. (to he continued.) 