CURRENT EVENTB. The Korumburra (Via) Coal Company No Liability is now in liquidation. It was fortunate for King George of Greece that his thOee eoasilanut were such poor shots. Marriokville desires the Government to mend its roads, in order to ocerooms the effects of the reont floods. Moesra. John James Pearsa and Robert Sim have been appointeLd additional members of the Morpoth School Board. Mr. Labouohero's amendment to reduce the proposed additions to the army was very markedly negatived. The member for Northampton was as one crying in .the vil dorness. The estatement that comes via Constanti. noplo that there are signs of a rising on the Armonian frontier should prepare the world to [hear very soon another story of atroolties in Armenia. Creditors' petitiun: Sargood, Buailer, Nichol, and Ewen, warehousemen, and David Story and Oo v. Daniel Marko, draper, of Newcastlo. Petition to be heard on March .. The miners of West Australia are appa rently ignoring, altogether the regulation limiting working for alluvial to a depth of 0lft. The Government, it is oxpooted, must back down in the matter. The now provislons under the Vegetable Disoares Act have cnamed a suspension of the importation of Victorian fruit at the border. Such regulations oooasionally come in very useful in preserving the tone of the markets. The streets of Newcastle were left without water yesterday morning owing to the Water Board cutting off the conncil's supply, bat a good few oart loads of salt water helped to lay the dust during the afternoon. An artiolo dealing with the "situation" will be found in another column. The Geraldton correspondent of the Tert? forning Herald telegraphs:-Mr. John Thompson has been served with a writ to appear before the Supreme Court in oonnoos tton with the soeizuro by the COnstoms authori ties, three months ago, of certain jewellory alleged to have boon contraband. Mr. Thompson intends to defend the case, and has secoared legal assistance. The final returns in connection with the ballot on the Co.oporative question give the following result:-For the Jo.operative men giving 14days' netioo, 2016; against, 930; informal, 101. The delegate board decided yesterday, however, to have the notices with. held for the present, and in the meantime the district and local oflioers will do their best to keep the oe.operative lodge intoot. News has been' received at Perth to the offseoot that a well.known Coolgardio man has taken possession of the best part of the Peak Hill mines by pegging it out, with a view to searching for alluvial Legal proceedings are being taken, and Mr. F. W. Moorbhead has been offered a large fee to defend the card. These tacties on the part of the alluvial miners are likely to create a great sensation when they become generally known. Three weeks after Mr. Brenton Sheppard was killed in the bicycle race to Worribeo (Vie) last May, his brother, Lieutenant Commander F. S. bheppard, died in Oontral Arica after an exciting fight with a large leopard. Lieutenant Bheppard was a year older than Mr. Brenton Sheppard, and both gentlemen were sons of the late Mr. Shep. pard, one of the pioneer squatters of Viotoria, and one who gave his name to the town of Shepparton. It is stated that the Duke of COoburg re cently purchased a Stradivarius violin, for which he paid £1400. A rise is said to have taken place in the price of genuine Oremona masterploces, owing to the feot that a Yankee speculator, Senator Hawley, from Conneatlnt, a few months ago, made a descent upon Italy, and cnrried off 500 good old violins, for which he paid an aggregate sum of £16,000. Mr. B. C. Beesley, representative of a New South Wales inland firm carrying on businees in the tinning and packing of meat, returned to Sydney by the Almeoda. Mr. Bealey's vieit to Amerioa was mainly for the purpose of observing the methods of packing and other details connected with the meat?pre serving lndustry, as praotlsd in Amerioa. He states that he is well pleased with his vilit, one result of which is to convince him that Australla has a good deal to learn from Amoeroa in the matters of distribution and divielon of labour. One American Club has an entrance fee of £300. The Australian rickeoters boat the English men by six wickets and 2 runs in the final test match. In France. they are making fun of the Georman Emperor and his "mailed fiat" ex. pedition to China. A photographic expert confesses in a London paper that he has utterly failed to enap.ahot ghosts. Mrs. Langtry recently won £3000 at routl otto at Monte Carlo. S3be played the dozens entirely, and won from the start. A London crossing.sweoper advertises that he is prepared to dispose of "a pitch, with goodwill, in the fashionable West End, held by present owner 14 years." Mr. Walter Levey, who has filled the posi tion for 12 yours, has resigned the seoretary ship of the A Co. Rifle Club. A succeseor will be appointed at the next meeting of the club. Mies Maunde obley has gone to Sydney to study the pianoforte under Professor Herr Krotschmaunn. The young lady has boon long known here in munsial cirhels as a pupll of ILMiss Evans, of Wickham. The Waratah colliery has worked badly for weeks pest, and the miners will moot at the Sydney bridge this morning to conslder the situation. They fear some eerious termina. tion to their long spell of enforced idle. ness. The Y.M.O.A. Mutual Improvement Club met lest night to review the Magna Charts, when able papers were roead by Messrs. A. Bodloy and H. W. Hoead, while other members gava verbal addresses. The next debate will be on "Tobaoco." One of the latest fade in Paris has been set going by the ehoemakers. In the fashion. able boot ehops on the Boulevards and in the Rue do la tuix are to be seen boots with illustrations on the soles. Figures and land. soapes are painted on them by hand. An American paper says: "The Havana floating dry dook, built in England and towed to Havana at an estimated total cost of neatly 1,000,000 dollars, sank some time ago in the Bay of Havana. No cause is given for its disappearanos, and rumour is busy." It is rather funny to hear that "soobismo" and "snob" are used ia the French capital to express a sense of ultra-smartness. If your dressmaker wiehos to impress you with the idea of something being very fashionable, she will toll you it is the mode followed by "snobRime." ProeidentiStoyn's statement that Mr. Cecil Rhodoes is converting working men into slaves is hardly consistent with the foot that Mr. Steyn's friend, Paul Kruger. is the head of the Government that i1 exploiting the outlandor in the Iranevaal in every possible wmay. Miss Ann Partian, of NiowYork, is a living refutation of the old theory that women have no sense of humour, for Miss .Partian makeh her living-and a very good living it is, too -by writing jokes for the comto papers. Miss Partian it of Irish extraction, and the proverbial wit of her native land has cer. tainly not alighted her. Arrangements for the presentation of the offlcers' trophy cup, won by the 1. Co., Walleend,.aro well undeq way, and the in teresting ceremony is expected to take plaee shortly. The trophy is a very handsome one, and consists of a large silver urn and two cups of sterling silver, the whole being valued at £15 16es. "Max O'Roll" declares that the French are the happiest people in the world, and he goes on to say that the air of happiness and contentment which is said to pervade FrancD arises from the satisfaotion of aims that are attainable because they are not too high. So his gospel of cheerfulness resolves itself into an insistence that the first duty of man is to be cheerful. Parading along London West End streets recently were to bh seen a string of ten or a dozen blushing damsels, arrayed in gracefal robes of all colours, bearing small advertise. ment boards fore and aft, and giving away handbills, just as cleverly as the old fashioned sandwloh man. Clustering under their white Gothic hats were chestnut, black, or golden looks, and below the looks are faces pretty enough for anything. They were followed by a large crowd of admirers. Mr. Gladstone has invented a novel kind of screen, calonlated to hold, as he himself puts it, "the maximum of books in the minimum of space." It is made in light wood with white enamel, slightly curved, having beautiful tepestry at the back. In front it is lined with book- shelves, calculated to hold some 400 volumes, and there is a shelf on the top for holding any ornaments. It is practiosl and ingenious. The indefati. gable statesman is also busy writing a book on an colelosastical subject. Paris has about 600,000 electric lights, and London twleo as many. More than half of Berlin's streets are now lighted with a gas glow light, perfootly white, and five timos as powerful as the old flame, and the lamps are being plaood rapidly in other streets, and the city, with a consumption of 10,000,000 oubic metres of gas, will have fivefold the light heretofore obtained from 17,000,000. Ten million oil lamps are still said to bo burnt nightly in England. Among the curious lawsuits of the world for this year there will certainly have to be included one over a pioce of land 21ln wide. It Is being fought out in San Francisco, and has been brought by a lady who claims that a neighbour building a house next door to her has overlapped her property to this ex tent, and she seeks compensation for it to the amount of £200, a sum he declines to pay, averring that he would prefer to tear down his house rather than give up so munoh money for so little lend. Mr F. Butler, who contemplates contesting the Wickham electorate in the interests of the working men without regard to Froetrade or Protection as a distinct polioy, addressed the electors from the baloony of Howard's Hotel last evening detailing at length a sohemo he has drafted by which he hopes to prevent strikes and lookouts by compulsory arbitra. tion and awards. If the contest for the Wickham electorate should be oonfined to him and the sitting member, he stated that he was positive of beating Mr. Fegan. At the Inquest on the victims of the wreck of the brig Amy, Captain Laidman was asked whether the vessel was seaworthy. In the course of cross.eoxamination it transpired that the vessel was not good enough for a wool cargo, but was regarded as fit in every reepeot for coal. Thissuggested to tbhe jury. men the question whether human life was not above every other consideration. The jury, however, after hearing strong evidenos regarding the vessel's stanohnoes, did not refer in any way in their verdlot to the sub. ject of the brig'o condition. A discovery whloh is junst now exolting considerable interest in antiquarian circoles in Lancashire and Ohoshire has been made at 8tookport. During the exoavation in the construction of sewage works for the town some workmen came across whnat has sinoe proved to be a mosdlve oak tree with two immense branehes. Professor Boyd Dawhins, the well.known antiquary, is of opinion that the treeo is one of the giants of prehistorlo times, and he says that it leI oscrtanly 10,000 years old. The Corporation of tookport are at a loss what to do with the gigantie fossil, which Is supposed to weigh about 40 tone. The White Star liner Britannia, says an Kngllb paper of late date, has just arrived in thebo Mersey from New York, after a pas. saego ocnupying only seven daas sIeght houres despitethe heavy weather. This oomplotod her 250th round voyage to and from New York, and her 600th pasago asrosas the itlantlo. This means that she has travelled a distance of 200 times 0200 nautical miles, or more than I million statute miles without renewal of engmes or boilers, a performanoe probably without parallel in the history of steam navigation. She has narriod 67,400 saloon psseangers and 1865,00 steerage pas. sengere. Under stoatn 114,000 hours, and 100.800 hourns under weigh, she has con* onmed 613,000 tons of coal, and her engines have made 050 million revsolaution. While the lion weeps the kangaroo leaps with joy The calender for 1898 reprodoces exactly the dates of 1897. Details will be found in another column of the Friendly louleties' sports at Minmi on Saturday. MCeere. Edden and Watline, Me.P., delivered political addresses at Merowether last night, when a vote of confidence was passee in the former. At the Police Court yesterday a man named Alfred Walker, on a serious charge, was committed for trial at the next Circuit Court to be held at Maitlnd. The Oovernmeit steamer Thetis put into Newecttlo last evoning, after another meg. nificotly euccecsfnl trawling oruise, under the euperci0ion of the indefatigable Mr. FIrnell, M.P, who is being inundated with eongratulatlone upon the success of the enterprise he had advocated with undaunted courage for many years. An account of his latest triumph will be found in another column: We are eignificantly reminded by foreign critics (remarks a London contemporary) of the isolation of England. Well, jnet a hundred years ago England was isolated. She stood alone in war; and sho was able to do so, because her flools protected her com merce and destroyed that of her enemies. Pitt was a groat War Minister bocause he was a great Commercial Minister. We know how the isolation of England ended. She had to contend then not merely with Europe in war, but with Ireland in re bellion. "Signal Box" writes:-Having noticed in Tuesday's Herald that the Hailway Com miesioncre will be in Neweastle on Friday next, and will be glad to receive deputae. tione, I would suggest that the Adamstonn Council appoint a deputation to interview the Commissioners re the muoh-neoted signal box at the Adamstown railway crossing, as it would be a great bonn both to maun and beast. It would do away with acoidents such as the recent Dudley anccident, the killing of horses, and narrow escapes, and also for the benefit of those who have to wait for the option of the gates opening or not, oas they are at pro. sent. I and others maintain that the in crease of traffic through those gates demands a signal box. The axle boxes of the van of the mail train ran hot between Oerlingford and Geeos ford luast evening, and the continual stoppeges which had to be made frooequently for lubricating purpoees resulted in the train being a hour late arriving at Nowcastlo. When advised by wire of the delay?, Mr. W. G. Hitohing, the District Superintendent, arranged for a special to run on time with paoeogore, and to pick up the mails on the way to Werris Creek. On arrival at New castle the van of the mail train had to be taken off and sent to the Honeysuokle Point workshops for repairs. " This neocesitated the transfer of the mails to a brake-van and caused an extra delay of a quarter of an hour. It was 11 p m. when the mail proper was finally despatched from Newcastle for Blet bane. The Cardiff Public School concert will be hold on Saturday, 5th inst. There is a vacanoy on the probationary nursing staff of the Newcastle Hospital. A meeting of the Graham Testimonial committee, Stockton, will be held this evenirg. The Brown-street Congregational Church has arranged for a moonlight river excursion to-night. A meoting of Waratah miners will be hold at Sydney bridge, at 10 o'clock this morning. Tho Wickham and Bullook Island shift men and eurfacemen's pionio will be hold at Toronto on March 12th. A meeting of the West End Football Club will be hold at Garnham's Empire Hotel on Wednesday night, 9th inst. The second concert in aid of the wilowand children of the late William Sadler, will be given in the Mechanies' Inotituto, Iellngton, to-night. A good programme has been pre. pared, and as the object of the effort is a meet vraisoworthy one, a large attendance is hoped for. The Mutual Provident Aessestger for March containe an elevation of the A.M.P. Society's district officeo at Townsville. In striking oontrast tlherowith Is a photograph of the first Tewosville office of the soielty, which appa rently consisted of a one-roomed weather board house. The attractive carnival arranged by the Iunsioal Union will be hold to- night on the cricket groned, and a very novel and interest ing programme has boon arranged, patrtion lare of which are advertised in another column. Messrs. Hall and Simon have some special plotures, which they will show for the first time ; and another feature of the entertaeimont will be a eutices drill by the Naval Brigade, under Mr. Dick. The socieolty will contribute several part songs, and there are also to be some highly amusing I ido shows. To end the evening'a amusement, a race for a greasy pig should cause a great amusement. Refreshmonts will be in the hands of Mrs. Miller, assisted by a number of ladies. Mire Ada Brown will act as pianist. A dramatic performance in aid of the Newcastle Mutual Help Sooiety will take placeo at the Victoria Theatre on the 23rd tnst., under the management of Mr. Horaoo Hannoll. Tom Taylor's powerful comody. drama, "Still Waters Run Deep," will be produced for the first time in Newcastlo. Miss Ivy Gorriok taking the leading role. Miss Anna reterson will also be in the east. Other characters will be interpreted by Messrs. Edward Nowing, J A. Oheosoll, Tom Began, M. ''. Hall, W. W. Collils, B. Harris, G Booth, E. Wise, and Horace Haunoll. Incidental mnsio has been com posed expressly for the production by Mr. William Barry, who will have a fall orchestra under his direction. Mr. Hannell has secured the service, of the Haines Family (0), dancera, vocaliats, and instrumentalists ; these clever people will make their first appearance in Newcastle. Mr. J. C. Bonarlune will sell by auction to day, at his rooms, household inmituro and sundries. In Sharp's Hall, to-night, Mr. Bleath, .P., will address the electors of West Wallsond. Tihe saloe of Hunter-street West property by Mr. T. Barnage will take place on Wednesday next. 