TI?HE ,iashed ridal. Br Maxs. G. SHEDON , Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels." CHAPTER XLIV. TBRTHER E?ILVLAitONS BETWEEN MOTHER AND DAUGHTER. "It was very, very strange that you should have drifted into his home in such a way ' Mrs Stewart observed, when Edith's narrative was ended. " But, d-ar, I am not sorry-it was perhaps the best thing that could have happened, under the circumstances, for it afforded you an opportunity to gain an insight into the man's character without having been previously influenced or prejudiced by cny one. If you had never met him, you might have imagined, after hearing my story, that I was more bitter and unfor giving toward him than he justly merited." "He must have recognised you instantly when you entered Mrs Wallace's drawing room to-day," said Edith, musingly; "for, did you notice how strangely he looked when Mrs Baldwin called me Miss Allandale, and you came to me so eJgerly T' "Yes; the relationship you bear to us both must have flashed upon him with as great a shock as upon me," Mrs Stewart returned. "And how perfectly wretched he ap peared when he came to the reception room door to give me the letter," Edith remarked, musingly, as that white pained face arose before her mind's eye. "Can you wonder, dear 1 How could he help being appalled when he remem bered the treatment you had received while you were a member of his family 9" "Itall seems very wonderful I" said the fair girl, thoughtfully, " and the fact of your being in the house at the same time, seems strangest of all 1" " It was a very bold thing to do, I admit," responded Mrs Stewart; "but the case demanded some risk on my part -1 was determined to get hold of that certificate, if it was in existence. I thought it better to employ strategy, rather than come into open controversy with them, as I wished to avoid all pub licity if possible. I firmly believe that; if Anna Correlli had suspected that I was still alive, she would have destroyed the document rather than allow it to come into my possession." "But you could have proved your marriage through Mr Forsyth, oven if she had," Edith interposed. '" Yes; but it would have caused a terrible scandal, for Mr Goddard would have had to answer to the charge of bigamy; while the publicity I should have had to endure would have been exceedingly disagreeable to me. If, how ever, I had failed in my plans I should not have hesitated to adopt bold measures -for I was determined, for your sake as well as my own, to have proof that I was a legal wife and my child entitled to bear the name of her father, even though he might be unworthy of her respect." " How did you happen to discover where the certificate was ccncealed i" l dith inquired. "Do you remember, dear, the day when you came upon me, sitting faint and weary on the back stairs, and insisted that I should exchange work with you ?" her companion questioned, with a fond smile. " Yes, indeed, but I little thought that it was my own mother who was so worn out by performing such unaccustomed labor," the young girl responded, as she raised the hand she was holding and touched her lips softly to it. "Neither of us had a suspicion of the tie between us," returned Mlrs Stewart; "and yet, from the moment that you entered the house, I experienced an un accountable fondness for you." "And I was immediately impressed that there was something very mysterious about you-our portly housekeeper," Edith smilingly replied. "Did you 1" "Yes; for one thing, these hands " regarding them fondly-" never looked as if they really belonged to portly Mrs Weld, and several times you forgot to speak in your coarse, assumed tones, while that evening when I captured your hideous blue glasses, and looked into these lovely eyes, I was almost sure that you were not the woman you appeared to be." "I remember," said her mother ; "and I was conscious of your suspicions ; but I did not mind, for my mission in that house was almost ended, and I intended, as soon as I could resume my real character, to renew my acquaintance with you as Mrs Stewart and see if I could not persuade you to leave that uncongenial atmosphere and come to me." " How strange I" murmured Edith. " It was the motherly instinct reaching out after its own," was the tender re sponse. "But, about my finding the certificate: You remember you offered to put the rooms in order if I would sew for you meanwhile ?" ..Yes." " Well, that was the time that I learned where that precious paper could be found," and then she proceeded to relate the conversation that she had overheard between Mr and Mrs Goddard; and how, emboldened by it, she had afterward gone to the room of the latter to find her in the act of examining the very document she wanted. She also told how, later, she had gone by herself to the room and deliberately taken possession of it. She also mentioned the incident that had occurred on the same day in the dining-room, when Mr Goddard had knocked her glasses offand seemed so dis concerted upon looking into her eyes. "He appeared like one who had sud denly come face to face with some ghost of his past-as indeed he had," she con eluded, with a sigh. "I do not see how it can be possible for him to have known one peaceful moment since the day of his desertion of you in Rome," Edith remarked, with a grave, thoughtful face. "I do not think he has," said her mother. " No one can be really at peace while leading a life of sin and selfish in dulgence. 1 would rather, a thousand times, have lived my life, saddened and overshadowed by a great wrong and a lasting disgrace-as I have believed it to be-than to have exchanged places with either Gerald Goddard or Anna Correlli." "'How relieved you must have been when you met Mr Forsyth and learned that your marriage had been a legal one," Edith observed, while she uttered a sigh of gratitude as she realised that thus all reproach had also been removed from her. "Indeed I was, love; but more on your account than mine. And I imme diately returned to America to prove it, usd then reveal to my dear old friend, Edith, the fact that no stigma rested upon the birth of the child whom she had so n.,bly adopted for her own. Poor Edith! 1 loved her with all my heart," interposed tie fair woman, with starting tears. "1 wish I might have seen her once more, to bless her, from the depths of my grateful soul, for having so sacredly treasured the jewel that i committed to her care. If I could but have known two years earlier, and found her, she never need have suffered the privations which I am sure hastened he, untimely death. You, too, my darling, would have been spared the wretched experience of which you have told me." "I do not mind so much for myself, but I was in despair sometimes to see how much mamma missed and needed the comforts to which she had always been accustomed," said Edith, the tears rolling over her cheeks as she remembered th3 patient sufferer who never murmured, even when she was enduring the pangs of hunger. " Well, dear, do not grieve," said Mrs Stewart, folding her in a fond embrace. " I know, from what you have told me, that you did your utmost to shield her from every ill ; and, judging from what you have said regarding the state of her health at the time of Mr Allandalo's death, I believe she could not have lived very much longer, even under the most favorable circumstances. Now, my child," she continued, more brightly, and to dis tract the girl's thoughts from the sad past, "since everything is all explained, tell me something about these new friends of whom you have spoken-Mr Bryant, Mrs Morrell, and Mr Raymond." Edith blushed rosily at the mention of her lover's name, and almost involuntarily she slipped her hand into tier pocket and clasped a letter that lay concealed there. "Mr Bryant is the gentleman in whose offce I was working at the time of mamma's death,' she explained. " He, too, was the one who was so kind when I got into trouble with the counterfeit gold piece, and so it was to him I applied for advice, after escaping from Emil Cor rellh." "Ah I" simply remarked Mrs Stewart, but she was quick to observe the shy smile that hcvered about the beautt. ful girl's mouth while she was speaking of Roy. "I telegraphed him to meet me when I should arrive in New York," Edith resumed, "because I knew it would be late, and I did not know where it would be best for me to go. He did so, and took me directly to his cousin, and that is how I happened to be with Mrs MorrelL" Mrs Stewart put one taper finger beneath Edith's pretty, round chin, and c gently lifting her downcast face, looked searchingly into her eyes. "Darling, you are very fond of Mr Bryant, are you not ' she softly questioned. Instantly the fair face was dyedorimaon, and, dropping her head upon her mother's shoulder, she murmured : " How can I help itl" " And is he going to win my daughter I from me? I hope he is worthy." " Oh, he is noble to the core of his heart," was the earnest reply. I believe he must be, my dear, or you could not love him," smilingly returned her companion, adding : ' At all events, he has been very kind and faithful to you. and therefore deserves my eoerlasting gratitude. Now tell me of this Mr Ray mond." So Edith proceeded to relate the story i of that gentleman's unfortun.te love for and devotion to Mrs Allandale ; his recent quest for her, after learning of Mr Allan dale's misfortune and death, in order to leave his money to her; and how, after learning from Roy that she had died, he had then advertised for herself, and, since her return to New York, had settled the half of his fortune upon her. "Really, it is like a romance, dear," said Mrs Stewart. smiling, though some what sadly, when she concluded her pathetic tale. "To think that, after all I should find my little girl an heiress in her own right I What a rich little body you will be by and by, when you also come in possession of your mother's inheritance," she added, lightly. "Oh, pray do not suggest such a thought !" cried Edith, clinging to her. "All the wealth of the world could not make up to me the loss of my mother. Now that we have found each other, pray Heaven that we may be spared many, many years to enjoy our happiness." "Forgive rte, Edith-I should not have spoken like that," said Mrs Stewart, bending forward to kiss the sweet, pained face beside her. " We will not begin to apprehend a parting in this first hour of our joy. Now I suppose we ought to consider what relationship we are going to sustain to each other in the future, before the world. Of course, neither of us would envoy the notoriety which a true statement of our affairs would entail ; at the same time, having found you, my darling, I feel that I can never allow you to call me anything but 'mother '-which is music to my hungry ears." "No, indeed-I car never be denied the privilege of owning you," cried Edith earnestly. "Well, then, suppose you submit to a second adoption I" Mrs Stewart sug gested. " It will be very easy, and perfectly truthful, to state that, having been a dear friend of Mrs Allendale's youth and returning from abroad to find you alone in the world, I solicited the privilege of adopting the child of my old schoolmate and providing for her future. Such an arrangement would appear perfectly natural to the world, and no one could criticiso us for loving each other just has tenderly as we choose, or question your right to give me the title I deserve. What do you say dear 1" "I think the plan a very nice one, and agree to it with all my heart," Edith eagerly responded. "Then we will proceed to carry it out immediately for I am very impatient to set up an establishment of my own, and introduce my darling daughter to society," smilingly returned MIrs Stewart; adding as she observed her somewhat curiously, "Are you fond of society and gay life, Edith 1" "Y-es, to a certain extent," was the rather thoughtful reply. "How am I to interpret that slightly indefinite remark 1" Mrs Stewart play fully enquired. "Most girls are only too eager for fashionable life." "And I used to enjoy it exceedingly," I said the young girl, gravely, "but I have had an opportunity to see the other side during the last two years, and my ideas regarding what constitutes true enjoy ment and happiness have become some what modified. I am sure that I shall still enjoy refined society; but, mother, dear, if your means are so ample, and if you intend to set up an establishment of your own, let us, at the outset, take a stand in the social world that no one can mistake, and maintain it most rigidly." "A 'stand,' Edith I I don't quite clearly comprehend your meaning," said Mrs Stewart, as she paused an instant. "I mean regarding the people with whom we will and will not mingle. Have you ever heard of Paula Nelson, mother 1" " Yes, dear; I met her only a few evenings ago, at the house of Mrs Ray mond Ventnor ; she is a noble woman, with a noble mission. I begin to compre hend you now, Edith." " Then let us join her, heart and hand \--let us take our stand for chastity and morality," Edith earnestly resumed. "Let us pledge ourselves never to admit within our doors any man who bears the reputation of being immoral, or who lightly esteems the purity of any woman, however humble; while, on the other hand, let us never refuse to hold out a helping hand to those poor, unfortunate girls who, having once been deceived, honestly desire to rise above their mis take. " That is bravely spoken, my noble Elith," said Mrs Stewart, with dewy eyes. "And surely I, who have so much greater cause for taking such a stand than you, will second you most heartily in maintaining it in our future home. I be lieve that such a determination on the part of every pure woman would soon make a radical change in the tone of society." Both were silent for a few moments after this, but finally Edith turned to her companion and enquired: " Mother, dear, where is Mr Willard Livermore--the gentleman who rescued you from the Tiber-and his sister, also, who cared for you so faithfully during your long illness 1" "Alice Livermore is in Philadelphia, where she has long been practicing medi cine for sweet charity's sake. Mr Liver more is-here is New York," Mrs Stewart responded, but flushing slightly as she spoke the name of the gentleman. Something in her tone caused Edith to glance up curiously into her face, and she read there, in the lovely flush and tender eye, that which told her that her mother regarded her deliverer with a sentiment far stronger and deeper than that of mere gratitude or admiration. '" Ah I you-" she began, impul sively, and then stopped. confused. " Yee, love," confessed the beautiful woman, with shining eyes, " I will have no secrets from you-we both love each other with an everlasting love ; for long years this has been so; and, had we been sure that there existed no obstacle to our union, it is probable that I should have married Mr Livermore long ago. But we both believe in the Bible ritual, and those words, 'until death doth part,' have been a barrier whioh neither of us was willing to overleap. Each knows the heart of the other; and, though it some times seems hard that our lives must be divided, when our tastes are so conge nial in every particular, yet we have mutually decided that only as ' friends' have we the right to clasp hands and greet each other in this world." Edith put up her lips and softly kissed thie flushed cheek nearest her. "How I love and honor you I" she whispered. " Vo will never speak about this again, if you please, dear," said Isabel' Stewart, in a slightly tremulous tone. " I wished you to know the truth, but I cannot talk about it. I do not deny the affection; that is something over which I have no control; but I can at least say ' thus far and no farther,' for the sake of conscience and self-respect. Now, about that letter which was halnded you to day," she continued, suddenly changing the subject. "Suppose we look over it again, and then I think it should go directly into the hands of Mr Bryant." She had hardly fioished speaking when there came a knock upon her door. Rising, she opened it, to find a servant standing without and waiting to deliver a card that lay upon a silver salver. Mrs Stewart took it and read the name' of loyal IBryant, together with the fol lowing lines, written in pencil: ' Will Mrs Stewart kindly exc4ise this seeming intrusion of a strauger? but I understand that Miss Allandale is with you, and it is necessaay that I have a few moments' conversation with her. R. B." "Show the gentleman up," the lady quietly remarked to the servant, then stepped ba:k into the room and passed the card to Edith. The young girl's eyes lighted with sud den joy, and the quick color flushed her cheeks, betraying how even the sight of Roy's name and handwriting had power to move her. A few moments later there came an other tap to tell her that her dear one was awaiting admittance, and she herself went to receive him. " Roy ! I am so glad you have come l" she exclaimed, holding out both hands to him, her face radiant with happiness. 