CHAPTER LI.-IFRO.t TH?E AI'PP I HUNTING-GRIOUNDS, "Let' s'see that speetre.s" said Colonel Cody, hobbling towards the door as fast as he could, Ironed as he was. "No. no; I'll not look at it!" cried.the renegade, who now was trembling fromo head to foot. "There's another point .in which we differ,' sanid Lieutenanit e·aford.' : -"I wish to see it;" and he hobbled towards the door. "Lt my young .men stand'firmn and give no alarm !" the renegade chief or dered, still keeping his place in the full glare of the fire. The young men of the renegade's hand seemed to have no desire to'move, or give any hlarm. " There were several of them without the cabin as guards, and they stood in silent awe, gazing at what they deemred was a visitant from the happy hunting- grounds. It was after midnight, and there was a crescent moon which was nearing the horizon, but it gave light enough to show that the whole village was wrapped in repose, save those' at the renegade's cabin and the ghostly visitors-for there were two of them, When Cody and Lieutenant' Seaford reached the cabin door they beheld a siglit that. was indeed startling to ,a superstitious mind. The snow and the 'moonlight together, with the dark mountain'sides, gave a wveird light, by whose glor;.they saw; slowly riding down the valley, twod horsemen, and'fol lowingtin single fife were three horses. .Th'riders 'and their l horses, .even the l'req fIlowing, Wterewhite'as the snow; and lowing. robes fIll about" thenm. Straight past ,the cabin they rode, and passed on to the little rise, above which grew the. trees to which the bodies 'of the dead scouts were still bound. Here they halted,_ the riders dis mounted, and the five' horses gathered close round them, at which movement the two prisoners and the Indian braves looked on in silent amazement-the red skins in deepest awe, while the rene gade within still crouched in the full glare of the firelight, For some minutes-it seemed to the lookers-on a long time-the white-robed forms and steeds remained about the trees, distant several hundred yards from the cabin, and the weird moonlight revealingtheir every movement. \- What did it.mean?-. Who were-they? What was their purpose? Theni the scout and Lieut. Seafod, as well as the red- skilln guards, aw the horses turn from the trees, and each ut tered an exclamation 'of surprise as they beheld not only two, but five white robed riders, as'the horses retraced the trail they had come. "Chief, these are two spirits, and they haive come for our dead friends; for now there: are five spirit spiectre. horsemen going back lup thq valley, returning to the liappy hufiting-=greunds,", sait Cody, to the renetgide, wlio' onldreio closerlto the fireoat the annouhement. Biack up the trail thei five horsemen, robed in white, went, utntil they disap peared in the deep shadow of the range. "What do younmake of it, Cody ?" whispered Lieutenant Seaford. "The Surgeon Scout playing ghost, I take it," was the low reply. "Let us tell the chief all that we saw." "No,: the braves will do that, and we must listen to them." Then the young braves entered the cabin, and they told their chief what they had seen: adding: ' "The spirits came from the happy hunting-grounds; and took the dead pale-faces back with them" The renegade listened with a look of unutterable. terror on his face, and hoarsely 'ordered'that his- young men should go to the trees and see if the bodies of the dead scouts were there. \- Two of-them darted aw-ay, and' when they returned they both told the same story-the three dead scouts were gone. "That saves us the duty of burying them, for we were waiting for you to go with us as you promised to-night, ob served Cody. - "I would not go out of this cabin to night for a fortune. Tell me, Cody, do you really believe that the dead 'come back to the earth in spirit form?" "Have we not seen proof .of it?" was Cody's uncompromising reply.:. "And you, lieutenant-for you were brought up among the superstitious men of the frontier-do you believe. there are really haunting spirits to 'come back to earth?" . .."believe what I see, chief, and I dis tinctly sa?v to-night that which I cannot account' for. I think you made. a? sad mistake in murdering our noble com rades,"' solemnly responded Leietenant Seaford.' "M[y, God! I could not help it! It was forced upon me; and noti I shall'go.mad if they, too, are to haunt me, for already another from the grave is about me day and night;" and the renegade chief buried his face in his hands as. though to shut out some dread haunting spectre of.the past. 