THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Cuiuods stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of Lidia, who live up among tho Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which tho rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a Gorman professor visited the 'adepts,' as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable per formances. They treatod him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books wero kept. The place w/is dark as tho bottom of a well. ' I can't see to read, here,' said the visitor. ' Thon we will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not toll whence it came, but ho noticed that it had one strange quality — it cast not the slightest shadow. This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seon have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one'a own ex porienco. Dr. Johnson sniffed at tho account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited tho tale of tho Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is scoptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example : ' In the spring of 1888,' writes our corres pondent, ' I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a' sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depi- esaion of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, no thing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses, I found re lief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen . it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birming ham, June 8th, 1893.' There is n deal of . difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about tho light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease — indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happi ness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told ot its success by eager witnesses. 'The Health and Vigour of an individual depend upon the quantity . and quality of the Blood. When the tissues have been at work, there are thrown into the blood waste products, and if these be not eliminated but (through any cause) detained in the blood they influence nutrition and function and finally produce organic disease.' — The Humanitarian. In cases of Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, the effects.of Clarke's Blood Mixture are marvellous. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations. 