Irish Repartee and Sarcasm —Daily Telegraph. Repartee, or readiness in smart, witty, sarcastic retort, is said to be the highest form of wit. These immediate and felici tous replies, these illuminating, flashes of ,quids imd lively imaginations, are common among nil classes in Ireland. On im old Cm'- lido bridge, in Dublin, there wa» a fruit stall, the koopcr of which, “Biddy, the apple-woman," was a bettor known figure than, even tho Lord Mayor. She Imd a ready and glib tongue, and never allowed a verbal assailant to retire with all the honors. An American visitor, thinking to take a “rise" out of the old woman, took up ouo of the wntcr-melons she was dis playing for sale, and said, “These are small apples you ;grow over hero. In America wo have them twice the size. Biddy slowly removed her “dudheen,” dr clay pipe, from her lips, ‘and coolly surveying tho jokor from head to heel, said, in a, tone of pity, “Yerra, wluifc o fool yez must bo whin ycz take our gooseberries for apples," John Philpot Curran -was noted for his Sowers of repartee and sarcasm. Ouo day uvmi was walking past the Parliament House, in College Green, before tho Bank of Ireland got possession of it, with a noble man, who had promoted the legislative union by his votes- “I wonder what they intend to do with that useless building?" said the nobleman. “For my part, I hate tho sight of it.” ‘T do not wonder at that, my lord,” returned Curran, who was an anti- Unionisfc. ‘T never yet heard of a murderer who was not afraid of a ghost." Curran was defeated in a conversational contest with Lady Morgan, tho Irish novelist, ono evening in that lady’s draw ing-room, when, exaggerating tho prevail ing fashion in short sleeves, she wore merely straps over her shoulders, Curran was walking away from the little party who witnessed the conflict of tho two wits, when Lady Morgan called out, “Ah, come back, Mr* Cumin, and acknowledge that you. are fairly beaten.” “At any rate,” said ho, turning round, “I have this conso lation, Lady Morgan, that you can’t laugh at me in your sleeve-” The omadawns or half-witted fellows who are to bo mot with occasionally in Ireland— but not so commonly now as formerly—are noted for their bitter and sarcastic sayings. A fool known ns “Jim, tiie omndawn,’’ was some years ago a well-known character in Kilkcc, the seaside resort in Clare. “Now, Jim,”, said nn upstart to him one day. "toll mo the biggest lie you ever told, and ITl treat you to a pint ot stout.” “Bo mo sowl, thin,” cried Jim, “I say yer hon ner’s a perfect gmtleman.” A very happy example of a man falling into tho nit which ho had dug for somebody else is afforded by tho following well-known but always fresh story of a famous repartee. John Parsons, ono of tho first Irish ‘"’oinmis sioners of Insolvency, was travelling in a coach witli Lord Norbury, the judge. Pass ing a gibbet, Norbury said with a chuckle, "Parsons, where would yon bo now if that gallows had its due?” “Biding alone, Nor bury,” was the quick reply. Tho neatness and felicity of this retort affords unmiti gated surprise and delight. Chief Baron O’Grady, subsequently the first Lord Guillnmorc, had a dry humor and biting wit. The latter was so fine that its sarcasm was often unperceived by the object against whom it was directed. A legal friend of his, who was extremely stu dious, but in conversation exasperatingiy dull, showed the judge over his newly-built house. The lawyer prided himself es pecially on a library, which ho had con trived for his own 1190, so secluded from tho rest of tho building that ho could pore over his books in private, quite secure from disturbance. “That is capital,” exclaimed O’Grady. “My dear fellow, you could road and study here from morning till night, and no human being would be one bit tho wiser.” This recalls tho capital story told of the late Father Healy, of Bray. A very pompous friend was showing Father Healy and other guests through his new house, on which ho had spent a good deal on fur nishing and decorating. In tho library the host, waving his bond towards the bookshelves, exclaimed, “Here, surrounded by these, best friends, I feel most happy.” “And I notice,” said Father Healy, ex amining some of tho volumes, • that like a true friend, you never cut them,” A committee was formed to erect a monu ment over the grave of a popular Dublin phy sician who died some years ago, and was buried at Mount Jerome Cemetery. A witty citizen who was asked to suggest an inscrip tion for the memorial recommended the use of tho famous allusion to Sir r>lirisbopher Wren, the architect, in St. Paul's Cathedral, London. “Si monumentally xequiris cir cumspice.” “If you seek his monument, look around ; if you doubt his merit, behold his works.” An English tourist, under the guidance of a peasant, was admiring the scenery of the Gnltce Mountains; Pointing to a gap in the hills, the guide said it was known locally as “Tho Devil’s Bit,” and a low hill hard by was called “Tho Devil’s Chair.” “Indeed,'’ remarked the Englisliman, “the devil seems to have a good deal yf property in these parts*" “Yes, sir,” rejoined the Irishman, “but ho Is an absentee landlord, mid lives in England.” 