JAYS OF DANGER. [copyright.! \- Thrilling Narratives of tho Bnsbranging Times. Keenan's Ghost. ? -» ? BY CAPTAIN LACIE. ? ♦ -. - IN FIVE PARTS. ? ♦ ? PERIOD, 1846. ? ? ' PART IV. True to his word the chief of the survey party watched tho strango retreat in the gluii for a week, but not the slightest sign of any human being, save tho members of tlioir own party, was ob served during the whole period. At tho camp absolute quietude previnlod, ana ut length the chief abandoned the watch . and resumed Ilia usual work. Occasionally a visit would bo paid to tho hut, but it remained in the same condition ao when first seen, and the name — ' Carl Joiison ' — stared at the men in its grim silent way. Had it not been for the thefts committed from ihe camp und the finding of the piece of corned beef at tho hut, even Mesley would have believed .that .vi the place had not boon inhabited since the death of Jensen, and that like the palace of the Sleeping Beauty, a spell had been thrown over tho locality which had preserved it from decay. About two days after the watch in the . glen had been abandoned, Constable Williams, of the Morsey station, with two assistants, arrived at Cousidine's camp with a cotiplo of pack-horses laden witli provisions. His mission was a dual one.. One journey was to provision the camp, whilst on the other return trip he was to take back the bones of Jensen, the murderer. Dr. Sutherland, of the ?.-.-. samo place — a hoary-headed criminolo gist — had obtained the sanction of tho authorities to such a course, and as the cost would bo little or nothing, no domur was likely to be raised. Constable Williams — who really per formed tho duties of the district official — was one of the oldest officers in the pay of the government. Strange to say, he had previously been stationed in the .;. New Norfolk district, and was well ???acquainted with Jensen, Duffy, and *?? Wonall. When the murder took place ' 'he had been one of the most active in the ' pursuit, but his onergies were clogged by ' the uction of his superiors who — when . they concludod the culprit had gone away .. ih, the whaler — practically ceased all . -active operations. Williams hold firmly , to the belief from what he knew of the \- former that he had not left tho colony — at least, not at the time alleged — and as Jensen was not a man easily disguised, . it was improbable that he had gone away at all. When the news of the skoleton ?find and tho photo, which identified it as the missing murderer was brought to him, he merely said, without undue elation, ' I knew he would be found not far away. The fellow waa the last in tho world to trust himself amongst his own sort of people either on land or sea.' The exhumation of the remains was in a way a labour of love to the constable, and he set upon, his task with due deliberation. He was not a hasty or ..impulsive man at any time, nnd when he reached the survey camp of course the news he heard there whetted his appetite for more. Every word about the robbery or cue iouu, oooim, auu ciocnes wascaKen do.wn and a minute description of the missing garments and footwear also attaohed. ?Then he set off to view the rotreat in the glen, and even wont so far as to make a rough Bketch of the hut and its surroundings. The whole statement about its recent occupation, such as tho finding of the meat and the appearance of the ashes in tho natural fireplace, was committed to paper, and after spending a couple of days wandering about, tho locality in the vain hopo of coming upon ?some further facts that might assist him, Williams proceeded to dig up the bones, -an 'operation whioh was moat carefully tarried out, and they were placed in tho bags;. Dr. Sutherland had promised him a handsome reward if he took caro of his gruesome relics, and evon without that incentive the constable would have done just as well. 'When the exhumation was comploto, . Constable Williams set off for the Mersey, and in duo time arrived there and handed over his ghastly load to the delighted surgeon, who had them carried to his chamber of horrors and laid out in state. 'Why, bless mo, Williams, I'll be able to make a perfect skeleton out of this. There is scarcely a joint missing. You havo done your work well, and so must Edwards in thy burial. I wonder who put tho sheet, of bark over him ? He couldn't have done it himself before death I'm convinced, and the blacks don't care for that sort of thing,' said Sutherland. ' I've wondered myself who did that good office for the villain. He didn't deBerve much consideration from any one. He was a big hulking scoundrel over six feet in his stockings, and at all timos ready to thrash a woman. Oh ! I over my shoulder. Tho bags worn an harmless as a new-born babe, and they nearly mado as much noiso. Hot the bones did rattle to bo sure. .Wow tell us what you moan by being haunted,' queried Williams. In a deoply impressive mannor Milco ICeonnn told his listener tho whole story of tho ghost ho had soon on tbo night, which precid' d tho break-up of the camp, and ho narrated it with perfect accuracy and truthfulness, He fully concluded that tho time hud arrived when others should sharo his secret besides li in cmnp ^now him,' concluded the constable as Mier'left' the room arid wended liis way ' across to the public-house where he lived, for Williams was a bachelor, and as he was quickly nearing sixty, likely to remain so. One of the first persons he met in tho ?bar-parlour was Mike Keonan. His party worked neur tho settlement, and they often wont into the village. Tho two were acquainted, and after a few commonplnces, Williams said : 1 I've just brought those bones of yours to Dr. Sutherland. He says his collection is nearly completed now.' 'My bones ?' answered Keenan with a laugh, for he was in a merry mood — mellowed by some rich whisky. 'Oh, : not yet, begorra I The old doctor won't ?; have my bones just yet. Fill up again there, nnd don't bo lookin' at the empty glasses.' 1 You know what I mean,' returned tho constable as ho replenished his ghiBS in an absent-minded sort of way. ' I mean *?'.'/:. tuts uuiiao jru-u iuuiiu m tin; loot of the big : tree. Jonson, the murderer, you understand.' '.The devil, you havo 1 What on earth made you bring them here? Couldn't you let thorn lie ? Oh, faith, though I always knew they oouldn't lie. Nothing : hauntod can lio quiet in the grave. Oh,' it's coming homo to mo now,1 cried Keonan, plunged suddonly into deepest melancholy. 4 Haunted be jiggered. What do you mean? I carriod the confounded things . in a couple of bags and slung tho skull mates. Tho bones seomed to haunt him, for after ho had almost forgotten about them, up they turn again. To the super stitious man there was something very singular and uncanny in iho whole busi ness. At uny rate, it damped his enjoy ment for that night, and when Williams loft him shortly uf tor ho waa indulging in 11 sad reverie. Next morning as the constablo was passing Dr. Sutherland's hou.se in a very thoughtful mood, ho was hailed by the surgeon himself. ' Conic here,' cried tho old man. ' I want to havo a chat with you.' Whon Williams wont over, the doctor led him into his ' specimen room,' as ho called a largosizod chamber which con tained scows of ghnsrlj' emblems of mortality. More than n doKon perfect skeletons were ranged round in upright attitudes, whilst there were skulls of famous murderers, bushrangers, convicts, Sea., and weapons which had boon the instruments used in many an awful dood. The skeleton brought by tin) constable the night previous was arranged very neatlv on a table, and it was to thin that 1 ho doctor wont. ' You told me last night,' he began, ' that Jensen was over nix feet in height.' ' So ho was six feet one or two I am quite certain. He was three or four inches taller thnn me, and I'm five feot ton inches,' quickly answered Constable Williams. ' Thou this isn't Jensen's skoleton at all. You've been all barking up the wrong tree. You see there is nothing like a thorough medical examination atter all to get at facts in these cases. Many an innocent man is punished and often the guilty escape for tho want of a littlo intelligence and taking things for granted that shouldn't be so taken,' replied the surgeon energetically. 'How do you know it isn't Jensen V aBked the constable. ' Because it is tho skeleton of a very short man. In life ho could not have been more than five feet five in height. Certainly not more. Now, if Jensen was six feet two, or even six leot, this cannot be his skeleton. It's as plain as tho noso on your face.' For a few moments the constable did not reply, and then ho slowly said : ' 1 quito beliovo what you say. I'vo learned a few things lately which tend to show that tho authorities may bo astray a second time regarding Jensen. I'll make 11 full report of the case and send it on at once, and I'd be glad if you'd furnish me with a description of the probable sorb of man the bones belonged to. I supposo it is not that of an aboriginal ?' 'Oh, no. It is a white man's skeleton right enough. I'll write out my portion at once, and if you come back in half nn hour you can have it. Good morning,' and the doctor showed the officer out. As tho latter went towards his office his brow was contracted with puzzling thoughts. ' From who tEeenan told me last night, and the story given by Surveyor Consi dine,' hemuEtcrod, ' that scoundrel must bo alive still. If so, we'll drop across him sooner or later. I wonder if he'll risk coming back to the settlements again. It looks as tiiough he would bo stealing tno ciotnes, tnougu ne may havo only wanted thorn as a protection against the cold and to save putting together the skins. How came thnt photo, of his with tho dead body? I think old Sutherland must be doting. Another doctor should be called in to also havo an examination of the bones. If ho bore out what the old man says, then of course we would havo to believe it. There is a clue to follow up, at all events.' Tho papers which Williams wob going to send to the authorities wire already arranged, and only a short addendum had to be pnt in calling attention to tho con clusion arrived at by Dr. Sutherland. This, of course, he urged, was of great importance, and he concluded by saying that placing all tho facts together hu ventured to submit that the murderer Jonson was still alive and in the colony. On going over to the surgeon's place, the doctor read out to him tho detailed description which he had elaborated as to tho probable stature, &c;, of tho man from which the skeleton came, nnd he ended by saying : Don t you know — or rather, did you ever know — a man who would answer that description V Tho constable racked his brains for several moments, and thon, if by inspira tion, a thought flashed through his mind. 'Yes, 1 do,' ho exclaimed. 'Tom Wonall, of New Norfolk. That is his description to a nicety. He was scarcely five feet five in height, and yon will recollect he disappeared about the samo time as Jonsen. His partner, Duffy, and himsolf were supposed to have been drowned.1 ' Of course, I remember. Duffy's body was found a fortnight or so after being in the water, but it was so decomposed and mutilated that it was impossible to Bay for certain what the cause of death had been. It might have been anything from hanging to cholera. I remember it well,' replied tho surgeon. ' There is a big mystory hero to solve. Jensen and Worrall must havo gone away together, and, if so, it is probable they murdered Duffy for some reason or another. Thon how did Worrall meet his death ? Isupposeyou can't toll that,' asked the constable. ' The bones are all right, but he might have been murdered in twonty different ways without my being able to tell. For instance, if ho had been Btabbed to the heart or choked, I could not tell so unless the ribs showed signs of tho knife's njiRnnrrfi. T urn vnthor innlinnrl fn liolinvn that tho man died suddenly, nnd not ns tho result of wasting disease, but there is a good deal of conjecturo in that. Howovor, if you can prove that this is tho body or skoleton of Worrall, and I think you are near the mark, there is a big field to work in, as you say. He mimf. Imyo lmon niMi juusen or in com munication with him to get the tin box and the photo. In nil probability Jensen put the sheet of bark over him, though I don't see what his motive was in leaving the box besido tho body,' concluded the doctor. ' Oh, I can see an excellent motive in that act. If the body was over found the likonees would, of courso, come into tho hands of the authorities, who would not fail to recognise it as that of tho murderer, Jonson. That would effectu ally stop all dispute and enable the ruffian, with a little care, to come back to whito civilisation. Thnt point is clear enough to me. Yot the confounded fool was really too clover if thai is what ho has done. He has roused a sleeping dog. So far as tho law was concerned ho was dead to it, as my suporiors havo long since given him up aa gone. That is tho way criminals generally ovor-rench them selves. Give them ropi) enough and they will hang themselves,' replied Williams. ' But you forgot that Jonnon could not possibly know what in within your knowledge. Put yourself in his position and then plan an idea. You bolievo tho police are still in full cry, 'and your desiro is that, they shall bo thrown oil' tho trail once and forever. 1 think Janson's plan, supposing we aro right in our belief, was a clover one. Tlio only weak point in it was the improbability that tho s body would bo found, but I daresay he know what ho was about moro than we give him crodit for. What is your plan now V asked Oonsidinu. ' Just wait for instructions. I'll add my belief that tho skoleton found is that of Thomas Worrall, farmer, of New Norfolk, who was suppoaod to havo been drowned with bin partner, Duffy, in tho Dorwont Jiivcr four years ago. J hat should rouao them up,' replied Constablo Williams. The samo diiy .1 horacmnn was des patched !o tho Tnmar settlement with the details which tho reader already knows. From there it was sont on to Hobart Town, aa most of the papers in reference to tho Jensen tragedy were kept there, and it was desirable that action should be taken — if taken at all — from headquarters. Nearly a- month elapsed before any reply was received, and then a magistrato was despatched from the Tnmar to hold nn inquiry on ' Sutherland's skeleton,' as it was known a 1. the Morsey settlement. This bora out all that has already been narrated, and after upending two days taking evidence, a voluminous report was despatched to the capital. Thoro was no doubt tho skeleton did not- bolong to Jensen, and thero was much proof that tho bones once formed portion of Thomas Worrall's body. This was the gist cf the report, though it was hinted that there was presumptive evidence that Jonsen waa anil iuivu. .i\\_uuihlii a vimuu wiia trotted out »nd made to good service, for it was shown by Constable Williams that the outlaw would be most anxious to know if the tin box and its contents had beon found by those who had dis covered the skeleton and buried it. Amongst other facts which wcro brought out was one contained in the evidence of Graham, the cook of Con sidine'3 camp. This was the disappear ance of a copy of the Hobart Town Mercury, having a lengthy account of the finding of the murderer Jonseii'sskeloton. This must havo beon taken on the same occasion as the clothes, and no one but Williams seemed to see its importance. 'If Jensen took it,' ho argued with himself, ' he must have become aware that his stratagem had worked, and not fearing the police, ho would make his way back to settlement as quickly as possible. Having tho ordinary civilian's clothes which ho had stolen from the camp, there would be nothing to prevent him making a start nt once, and that is doubtless what he did. Had he remained two days longer at his haunt in the glen he would likely have been captured, as Mesley found the place within forty-uight hours of tho robbery. The devil's children have the devil's luck,' concluded the constable, and his Boliluquy ended, ha proceeded about his routine business. In a fortnight's time word came that tho former reward of £250 offered for the apprehension, dead or alivo, of Carl Jensen, for the murder of his wife, &c.; , had boon doubled, but from the half hearted way in which the authorities took tho matter up, it was patent that they really did not believe themselves that there was much likelihood of securing the criminal. It was on tho 27th August, 1840, that the people of the littlo Mersey settlement were shocked by tho news that Constable Williams had beon brutally murdered within fifty yards of tho public house at which ho lived. A knife had boon the instrument used, and, strange to say, tbft l-miff* wliidli had honn l(?ffc Htmkinrr in the body of! ths dead man was quickly identified as belonging to nn assigned servant of the licensee of the public house, who was aho a rather large farmer in tho district. The article could not be mistaken, for a score of people could testify that it belonged to John Southey, the name of the aBsigmd ser vant. Most damning of all, however, was the fact that considerable ill-will was known to exist between the dead man and John Southey. Tho latter was a person much iibove the ordinary stamp of assigned convict servants, nnd on more than 0110 occasion the constable hnd m--st offen sively asserted his authority apparently for the simple purpose of showing the tremendous difference between an as signed servant nnd a petty constablo. This was resented by the former, and at length Williams used his authority to such effect that Southey was arrested nnd received twenty-five lashes. His master, the public in, actively sided with Williams, for the constable was his boarder, and, in fact, his best customer. As his pocket was affected, it was little wonder the unfortunate Southey wont to the wall. The convict bore deadly onmity to the constable after the Hogging, and he did not take the pains even to conceal it. He openly avowed that if ever he was in a position to meet the constablo faco to face one or other of them would go down. Thi3 was an un fortunate and reckless way of speaking, and whon the murdered constablo was found with Southey's knife piercing his heart it was not to bo wondered at that all tho people at once directed their at tention to Southey as being the actual murderer, and two hours after tho dis covery of tho body Southey was arrested. In fact, beforo the formality of tho inquest had boon gone through. To Be Concluded. 