WEEPING FERRY. * , CHAPTER VIL . B7* MARGARET L. WOODS. Author of " A Village Tragedy." "The Vaga bond,™ "Wild Justice," " Esther Yanhom righ,"&0., &c.; "Catherine!" she shrieked. "How dare you come crouping and spying? about the place at this time o' night? What do you tueau by " : She ended with an " Oh!" clapDing her hand to her mouth. Catherine had dashed five yellow talons up the length of it, and the blood spurted. Bessie dropped down the steps she had mounted, nursing her bleeding hand.- Old Catherine turned her head this way and that as though hesitating whether to go or stay, then went slowly to' wards the gate. Bessie, taking her hand from her month, broke into an hysterical laugh. "Oh dear, oh dear! I really did take her for a ghost!" Geoffrey, laughsd too, embarrassed. Catherine, not yet half wry to the gate, glanced quickly round.- Bessie's laugh had pierced her dull ears; and her keen eyes caught them both still laughing in the moonlight. In a moment she was back again at the top of the steps.' Her haxids clutched her skirt in a convulsion of ra^e. and she stooped to bring her-face nearer to them. "Ha, ha! Hp, , he"ehe shrieked, mocking their laughter,"witn.chin thrust out and crooked mouth, (raping mere blackness in the moonlight. \- For a minute she cried out shrilly,|with a sound hardly more human than the - whine of the wind round the corner of the house. Then her voice fell, and distinct words came. "Laugh-r-laugh&t; old Catherine, did you? I'll see' yon laugh -wrong side your mouth, Bessie Vyne. - X watched you—Til tell—you and gentleman.' He won't marryyon—not he. I know gentlemen. Send you to the devil, and serve you right. He'll send you to the devil, you— : —" Geoffrey,'who' had stood for a moment as though petrified, was cow close to her. He placed BIB bands on her shoulders and endeavoured tb-turii her round in the direction of the gate. For a few moments she attempted to "resist, pouring out half inarticulate curses. Then twisting away from under his hand, she ran along the paved path, through the gate, and away.' round the corner of the garden, with the lightness of a withered leaf before tha - wind. Geoffrey walked to the : 'gate, . v whiob he Bhut, and stood Jookihgifterher, ' cursing also, between his Jteplh. When lie turned round, Bessie was gone. Themoonlight was stealing along the froijt,<if ;tfce old house, silvering its roof and elan ting Mack'shadow across it from the least TOojectiotrnof its stonework. -TEa GUT' sunflowers In Tile garden tossed and bowed before the gale till they almot swept the ground, clapping,their" broad leaves together with a cheerless sound. From time to time the braiich -of an "elm"outeide answered them with a groan. - "Geoffrey stood -there in the wind, miserable with the acute and helpless misery of :youth placed suddenly in an awkward eituarion." He felt that he ought to go indoors and "say; something to Bessie, but he could not--for the 4- life of him think of the -right thing to say. In a few minutes he gave up trying to think and walked into the kitchen ttusting to fate. To his relief Bessie was nottEere." He went' through into the passage. A small table stood there with a shiny; cloth' on it, a petroleum lamp, and Beside that hi^ bedroom candle and matches, placed ready 1 for him. ' The old staircase of the Manor had bees barat down years ago, and tile lamp lighted a narrow white deal Gtair, yeryclfflm^and vety steep. It looked cheerless, and so did the parioiir, where the lamp bad smouldered low and smelt vilely. Geoffrey lit "his condle and went slowly upstairs to his bedroom. That, too, was clean and bare, yet stnelt fusty with the dustiness of generations of feath'er-btfds.' The low four-post bed had very white dibluty curtains and a patchwork coverlet, ' xtfhich Eti^abeth and Bessie had made together when Bessie was still a little girl." Geoffrey sat down on the edge of it. The single candle flickered in the ' draught' and sent a large unflattering silhouette of his profile wavering about the whitewashed wall, sometimes invading, Eometimps receding from, a text illuminated by Trypheha'with a prodigal expenditure of shell-gold and ultra-marine. In a few minutes he felt a flash of indignant contempt for himBelf.'So 'he rose and stumped reso- . Iuteljvdown J tho creaking stairs and knocked •at the kitchen -door. Bessie was sitting by the table,'and as he came in he saw her snatch up ber sewing, which was lying at a little distance from her:,' He came in slowly and stood in front of the .hearth, with one heel on the fender. Bessie's dark'head was bent over her work^.but.hesaw ber handkerchief lying beside ber in a little'wet ball, and thought he saw a moist .gleam'about her silken eyelashes. He was immediately pierced to the heart by an acute desire to console. "I just came in to say good-night," he said humbly. Bessie was furious wi.h herself for not being able to answer, but she bad gi-en way to her tears, imagining Geoffrey to be. safe upstairs, and" could:not immediately check them. Geoffrey turned one of the large China dogs a little 'carefully,'as'though its lifted nose and .round O's bf .eyes bad not been pointed at precisely the rig-lit spot on the opposite wall. Then he glanced down again, and saw a bright drop. just .falling on Bessie's work. In a moment he was on his knees by the table, leaning his arm on it. **Please don't cry, Bessie," he said. "I can't'tell you howsorry I am; I'm afraid it's upset joujnos't awfully." Bessie murmured something husky about it being perfectly horrid, but not his fault. "Oh, yes,-icis! I ought to have prevented it. I ought to have kicked the old dev— wretch out before she could get up her steam. I'm sure it's my fault somehow. I can feol it IB." "Oh, no, no! It's not a bit. And anyhow she'd seen.'' • "Butthe.ewasntanything tosee, my dear 'girt* •' T „' •••" No, "but shell say—oh dear!" And Bessie put her arm ou the back of her chair and laid her forehead on it.. "N^ver mmd what ehe says"—Geoffrey was ^unconsciously: edging nearer to Bessie as he talked. "VFor one thing, not a soul can understand herjabber except yoar mother." . -Butshe'ltsay to her—and. oh, mother will be - ^ . . i There waa a pause. " ; " I suppoee I oughtn't to have come into the kitchen. I', he aaidjruefully. " I know it was . my /$ult somehow. no!", cried Bessie. "It was most kind of you,- Fm -sure. . I should have been dreadfuldtjl of an evening all by myself. And ".'—there wasn't any harm." She blushed'faintly and turned away, twisting her ^'t hanjUcerohief TOund her fingers. • „" *' Willyour mother scold you,~Be8sieJ" Tie asked. ' -'"I don't know about ecold; she don't say much, but I' can't bear mother to be vexed • with'frie. '• I'm quite childish, as you may say, rabOofcit."- ': • "But she oan't be vexed; at least, not with you, "said he. with cheerful conviction.' "Oh yes, she'wilL Mother's awful good and krad,> but Bhe'a so very—well, I don't know-7-so v e r y . •She twisted herself still more round from him. and dabbed the wet handkerchief hastily . on her eyes. - This fresh outbreak of tears was • more than Gebffrey could stancL . Before he quitSknew whatho was doinsr his arm-was . round her waist apdalittlekiss fell haphazard jnstbetwMphercheek^and throat. . .".Poor little Bessie! Don't cry," he said softly in her ear. At. the-touch of his hand \- and lips Beasie«eemed to herself to «tart; but it was only- a atari of the blood ;not outwardly perceptible.'-' The tears dried npin her eyes as though by magic, her breath came pantingly, and'she drew a.little towards.him instinctively;'3ier thoughts at an entire pause.. He ,-kissed ter ajsdn.-this time on the chin, just below the corner of her mouth. '•Come,-cheer up, old girl," he said. But it did'not matter t« himself or to . her precisely what he said. It was an utterance of caress and comfort independent of words. The back door opened with a clattering noise. '-•.•'•--••. It -was Thomas Vyne, returning from the Seven Stars and stumbling over a row of milk piuls putready for the morning's use. . (To be continued to-morrow). 