ANXIOUS TO SERVE. A native Uuban missionary ot tne Baptist Church gives the following incident, which shows the zeal and consecration of his converts: — " Our Cuban people are very jealous in disposition; and owing to this it is impossible to select one in preference to another, so I have to be very careful. When it became necessary to select deacons, I was in a quandary. One Thursday nighb I told them I nilhed every member to bo present the next Sunday, as we would then select the deacons, and thab I would preach a sermon on the duties of deacons. When Sunday came, I had a congregation of three or four hundred. I gave the strongest sermon I could, telling them that it was the duty of a deacon, when he heard of a case of small-pox, to go right into the midsijof it, and to do all he coald to comfort the sick. And the same way in cholera or any other epidemic; they must be first to offer (11(1 . j. Ill u lilCjr II) Usvl HI W ctj o ll»»C their testaments with them, and preach in the market-place, and anywhere that a conversion could be made. "I then asked: 'If anyom feels cour age enough loassume the responsibilities of the position, please stand up.' The whole congregation stood up; and I did not know what to do. So I said: 'Go ahead; you are all deacons.' Now they are all carrying thtir testaments, and tell of the religion of Jesus. And thus we have a whole congregation of workers." It may not be desirable for all to become deacons, but we shall hail with devout thankfulness the time when all Christians are anxious to become workers. We need more of that piety that will find' the service of God in the service of man. There must be no forgetfulness of heaven, but increased realisation that the best preparation for heaven is a useful and upright citizenship in this world. The Lord Jesus went and preached to "spirits in prison," and so must we. When we do so, our congregation will not consist of "ghosts" who abide in some "underworld prison"; we shall discover them by the wayside of our daily life. The true conception of Christianity is thab all Christians are to become the apostles of a glorious emancipation. To liberate all those who are held captive by sin, ignorance, misery, and in justice thab they may enjoy the liberty thab belongs to the sons of God. This ideal points on to the time when every tongue thab prophesies will be eloquent in behalf of humanity ; every great discovery of science will be imme diately drafted into service und r the banner of philanthropy; every scholar will hold out his fresh torch of light to bo make plain the path of the lowly ; every- inventor will equip the Good Samaritan with greater efficiency, and every triie statesman will strive to give the protection of law to these ministers cf mercy. This will all be done for Christ's sake, and to win souls to God. It is thus thab we are" Saved — to Serve." 