The Religion of. the Chinese. The strongest of all religious feelings in China which has nothing whatever to I do with Buddhism, is that of reverence for one’s predecessors. It is weaker in the extreme north than in the south ; but that .is only natural, when we consider the in fluence of the Tartars, many of whom still despise the old and neglect the dead. Not withstanding this, the fooling may be des cribed as universal. The idea seems to be that each human being is merely a link in ! the endless family chain, and that if an cestral sacrifices are neglected, or male heirs, not forthcomings the continuity of existence will bo broken. Unmarried females being almost an unknown pheno menon in China, and a woman ceasing on marriage to belong to her father's family, women are regarded much in the light of merchandise. In the same way the con tinuity of existence is broken by the loss of a limb; hence the deeply rooted objec tion to surgical operations. In the whole empire it is hardly possible to find a Chinaman with but one arm or leg. A criminal naturally dislikes execution, and strangulation is much more painful than decapitation ; yet -with the head on the shoulders one can always make a present able appearance in the world to come. That world, according to the Chinaman's inborn notions, is simply a repetition of the present one, and nothing more ; the same mandarins, “squeezes” (exactionsor pilferings), pleasures and evils. The idea in sacrificing to the spirits is to keep them quiet in their new sphere, and to prevent them from coming back to “howl ” for as sistance. Even the Emperor, in conferring .posthumous honors, invariably winds up with the words, “and this in order to com fort the migrated soul.” So far as a Chinese lias any anticipations of future bliss, ho simply contemplates a repolilion of his present experience. If he is a bad man hero, ho will be one (here; hence he conforms his conduct to good just so far as he does so with a view of gaining human credit on earth, and no further. There is no dread of death, except in so far that it is painful and a sad severance. Though the Buddhist stories of Heaven and Hell are freely repeated, no Chinaman seriously believes them, nor is his conduct ever motived, as it is with Christians, by hopes and feares of what may happen in a future life. The true attitude of the intelligent classes towards religion is that officially laid down by the Tao-Kwang, grandfather of the present Emperor. ' It is in effect, “ All religions are nonsense ; but the silly people have always believed in ghosts and afterlife, and, therefore, in order to con ciliate popular feeling, we are disposed to protect every belief,including Christianity, so long as there is no interference with the old established customs of the State.” Confucius had no religion, and even de clined to discuss the question-; his system is revered simply as tlio"'embodiment of! decency and order. From our point of j view there is a slight touch of priggishness j about it; but, anyway, it is the Chinese j version of “ the religion of a gentle man,” even though the gentleman may not exist in largo numbers. As to the popular attitude towards religion, it need not be discussed at all from an acade mical point of view, being simply a bundle of ignorant prejudices. From a practical point of view it is, of course, extremely important, for if by no means a matter of indifference to us that the Chinese peasant or laborer should imagine that wo use babies' eyes for photography, indulge in monstrous immoralities, despise our ances tors, play 'religious tricks with convert women, and such like things. Those superstitions are not grosser or more dangerous were the middlc-agc notions current in Europe touching witchery, heresy and supernatural agency. It is simply a quest ion of education ; not only book-learning, but good roads, travel, commerce, interchange of thought, kind treatment, and reasonable concession on our own side. Buddhism was first hoard of in China al most exactly two thousand years ago. China was at war with the Scythians, and her envoy, who had been sent to the Pamir region to try and create a diversion against these fierce Tartars,hoard, while in Afghan- i istan, of India and its fout'u faith. Tins is | the modern pronounciation of two Chinese j syllables, which then spelt the sound ! Vuddhu, or Budh, and which are still pro- ■ nounccd in Japan Bodz —our English word | bonze. A hundred years later the Indo- ! Scythian king reigning in the Tdjana and ! Balkh region,orally communicated the Budd- i hist cannon to a Chinese envoy,ortraveller; [ and this is the very first the Chinese over ; hoard of images or precise teachings. Emperors' alternated between slavish adorat ion and brutal scepticism. In 839 there were 203,000 monks and nuns in the empire; in 845 all the monasteries wore destroyed. Neither the Cathayan nor the Golden Tartar dynasties of North China did much for or against Buddhism; but the Mongols supported all religions. Tvublai Khan was greater under the influence of the Tibetan priest, Paspa. The later Mongol Emperors wore poor superstitious creatures, and may bo said to have been dynastically ruined by pandering to grossly corrupt Buddhism. The native Chinese dynasty of Ming, which succeeded the Mongols, and reigned until the Manohus conquered China, 250 years ago, kept Buddhism within strict hounds. In 1130 the Emperor said ; “In our own day ratal arc superstitious as ever” A century later one of his successors burnt all Budd hist sanctuaries in the palace precincts, destroyed all books and images, and pitched the holy relics away. One, however, is still in existence, and under stupa near the Marble Bridge of Pekin. The Mauchus have from tho first made intelligent use of Buddhism as a political lover. First night of comic opera ; first reporter and second reporter scanning tho spec tators. First Reporter—“ Can you distin guish Sir Arthur Sullivan ?” Second Re ported—“ No need to try, old man. He’s distinguished already,” “ Henry, dear,” said Mrs. Newhrido to her husband the other morning, “ I wish, if it won't bo too much trouble, dear, that you'd bring mo horncta yard of orange rib bon this evening, I don’t want it .so vofy wide or so very narrow; something be tween an inch and an inch and a half, or', at most, an inch and throe quarters will bo about' right. Bo sure and get a pretty shade of orange, dear; and I’d prefer it with one side satin and the other gros-grain, although all satin or all gros-grain will do; but I think you can easily got the other if you look about a little ; and bo sure, dear, not to got picquot-cdged ribbon, but ono \vith just a plain corded edged; and don’t get a remnant; and don’t got any shade but orange; not a real vivid orange, either, but a piece that will look well with palo green, and don’t pay too much for it; and don’t got rod, or blue, or groon, or pink* by mistake. You won’t forgot, will you, dear? -I must have the ribbon4o-nigbt.” Was it any wonder that when the dazed Henry came homo ,ho brought three yards of sky-bluo watered ribbon, or that, when his wife saw it, sho sank back into a chair and gasped out—“ Why—Henry—Now brido l w 