FISHER'S &H0ST.; " A legend of Camplielltowa. vBy G. B. B.) CHAPTER II. . When three month's. had passed by without, bringing - any news ; bf , Fisher, . Cooper, still determined not to' dot the matter rest while there was ' a stone' unturned, called on his legal advisers again for the purpose of setting the law. hi Ano'tion. Norton readily agreed that nothing was to be gained by any longer: delay, and suggested that they should first' see the principal Superintendent of Police, Captain Rossi. -.That gentleman had already heard a good deal about this case, one way of another; In particular,' Ilia, superintendent at Campbelltown, William Howe, had mentioned it more than once- In his reports to the Syd ney office. Rossi- thought that the best thing that could be done was to-offer' a reward for conclusive Information;, and, that course be ing approved, tlib three ; gentlemen proceeded at once' to the Colqrilal. Secretary's office In Bridge-street. After, tile usual delay they were admitted into -Alexander M'Leay's pre- . seneo; and as 'tliey: entered the room that learned ontomologjst hastily put aside a bun- \- die of manuscript. notes;on some .new species ' of lepldoptera he had been considering. His ' handwriting, by the way, was as near an ap proach to a spider's' crawling over paper as one could hope-, to. see.' - The object.'of tlieir' visit was explained by . : the lawyer as ' concisely as possible; and RobsI having expressed his approval of Ills < own suggestion, M.'Leay' directed ' him to I- write out an official notice, offering £20 re'-, k '-. ward, apd ,i> t.o, his Excels. I lency Governor" Barling ' ibr"a'pproval. This I three gentlemen then .took their- departure, I and a few days afterwards the, "Gazette" I published the followlng-ln the column devoted I to Government notices: — I SUPPOSED MURDER. I Whereas Frederick Fisher, by the ship I Atlas, holding a ticket of leave, and lately I residing at Campbelltown, -has disappeared I wltliln the last three months. It is' .hereby I notified that a reward of £20 will be given I. for the discovery of the "body of the said I Frederick '.-Fisher: or. if he shall have quitted I- the colony, a reward : of £B will be given to I any person or pel-sons who shall produce I proof of the same. ' I By his Excellency's command: ALEX. M'LEAY. I Colonial Secretary's office, I September 22, 1820. I When this notice was posted up at the | police office and other: places in the district.' I and copies of the newspaper containing It I: were'handed round among the settlers, the discussion got a fresh start, and" one .which' : gave it almost a-new compiexlon: Instead of being talked about ' guardedly; ln whispers, ' the matter Avas-.openly and- loudly; canvassed. : The universal impression was that- it was a clear case of murder, and everyone, pointed !, his finger, so. to-speak, at the- guilty man. , AVorrell soon saw What people were talking I' about, in) the altered tpne and manner -In .which' they spoke to.: him; - hut his power'.of self-restraint enah!ed;;hlm- to; keep up an air of Indlffbroncb. a-s .if lib had nothing- to say about the .matter beyond what -he -had ' already said. .And yet, from the time that he : llrst read the notice, he felt in his heart that he was a hunted, man, and that every eye ; .was on him. ' ... - '. . The money- 'offered for the discovery of the ' body was a much larger sum: in those days than- it seems liov), and quite large enough ,to set many a man and woman ' searching for traces of. Fisher about the .open fields qn-l. the, surrounding bush. Yet day after day passed by without revealing any sign. The men who were, in Worrell's kitchen cn the night of the - 17tli of June' spoke positively about his coming in tliqre and going out again, so that -the hour, arid almost the mo? merit, when he was last seen, alive could be fixed to.a cortalnity. Their' statements on this point, indeed, made them objects of some ; cuspicibn.' and .Worrell was not slow in' tak ing advantage of the handle they, gave liim. "If Fisher was murdered," he said, "they ought to be able to' sny something, about it— they saw ithe. last of him." This seemed rea sonable enough, too, although It did not agree with liis former statement about the chaise that had come fpr him lu the night and taken liim to Sydney. ' ' _ ' : Matters cdiitiimad n 'tlils;state.. for over a; month from the first: publication , of the notice when.' another nud still fp'eater sensatlon'was caused by 'aii extraordinary declaration made by ..one of the se ttlers named' Farley. : He said tlint wliile drlving hom'e In his cart from Campbelltown' on the previous niglit he pass ed by the corner of n paddoek "that liad be longed to Fisher, , adjoining Worreirs farm, about B0: yards from Ills house. As he passed by It: he suddenly snw.the figure of a ma-n— to all appearances Fisher himself— seated oil the top of the fence. Taltirig It at first -to be FIslier liimself suddenly returued to his home,' he went up to speak to liim; but as lie ap proached the figure slowly rope from the fence/ waved its right arm in the direction of, a small crock, nearly dry, running through ; the paddock, and gradually disappeared, ap parently following the windings of ithe chan nel., Horror-struck at the1 sight— for he then became aware that he had seen a spiritual apparition— he left the place.'' as fast as he could go, and on reaching his homo1. related what he had seen to his. wife. : On the following day he returned to the vil lage and repeated ' the declaration to Howe, the Superintendent of Police,' who took, him before the. Rev. Mr. Reddall, the clergyman, who was also a justice of the peace. Fortu nately his character was. so well known -as that of an hrinest man that lie escn'ped:: the imputations which would . otherwise have been cast on him; and, having made his depo sition in due form, he was advised to say nothing further about the vision. But Red dall placed ' so much faith. In him ithat he thought it advisable to inform his brother 'magistrates 'privately about it at the next meeting of the bench; and though some of them were rather inclined 'to laugh at the story, they finally concurred in issuing an or der to. the police to make, a careful search, beginning, at the spot pointed out)by Farley, as : the ; soenq' pf dbeyision', and fpilo(Ving ; the course of the creek to the point where it dis appeared. Perhaps 'they diil iiot expect 1.0 hear much more of the matter, tis the pad doek had been so often ;bxai'nined before; but >tbat no chance of a discovery might be lost they further ordered that a black tracker, named Gilbert, attached to. the police force, should be added to the search party. It was on the last day,, of October when two constables, Newland ''and Robhe, taking the black with tlieni, proceeded ito execute the order. On reaching the corner , of the paddock they examined the top rail describ ed by Farley, and there they found the wood stained as with traces of blood sprinkled over it; and on the gi'ound immediately beneath it there was a trace of fire. This, discovery giving them more confidence in his state ment than they . had previously felt, they continued the search. From the fence they went on to the creek; and on coming to a pool of water covered with scum Gilbert took a corn stalk from the. : neighbouring, maize lekl, passed It over the-scum, and put it lo /ills nose.' '""White man's fat,", he said. Then ho led them up the creek, till they came to an other : running into it, which they followed up for about forty rods, where the ground be came swampy. Taking, the ramrod 'from his musket he drove It into the. ground, drew it out, smelt.-it, : and again, said, "White man's fat." The' constables procured spades from the house, and set to work at the . spot,, which bore some Indications o'f a grave, and In a few minute's they came upon the; body ef a man. They dug carefully, so as not to in jure it; 'The' features cotild not be . recognis ed, owing to the decomposition that had set In there; but In other respects the body, was well preserved. The creek was afterwards found to be impregnated ,wlth alum. On get ting one of the -hands clear,' Constable New- land said: "That's the, hand .'61 Frederick Fisher; ; I vvlll swear to lt." , He also recog nised the body as his,) by" Its general appear ance and by the clothes on it. :.. Leaving Roche In charge of It, . Newland went back to , inform Howe and the magis trates of the discovery, and to make, arrange ments for an, inquest. A. warrant., having been issued for. the arrest, of .George Worrell,. Burkoi the chief constable,' was sent, to his farm with it, where he. took Llm Into, cus tody, telling film wliat..had happened. At the-same time'lie searched the place for any property belonging to Fisher that might oe there, and seized all the papers lie could find. When the coroner, accompanied by Surgeon Hill; came 'over from Liverpool next morning an Inquest Was "held." Th'e . b'ody was taken up and examined by Hill. . The skull was found to; lie fractured in' several places, 'each': | fracture being sufficient to havo caused In'-' stant death. He also ldenlictld it as Fisher's, having known him for some years; they came , out in the same ship from England. A good deal ' of evidence was taken, but: although there was very, little doubt as to the murder er the jury returned n verdict of "wilful murder, against some person or persons Tin-, known.": -.When Worrell was brought bbfore tho bencli ot' magistrates, he made a debliirh.-' tion in, which lie accused the four men Avlio were in hts kitchen on the night of tlio -17th of June, as - the guilty persons. It did not make much impression on the magistrates, who , committed liim for trial at the next Criminal Sessions in Sydney. - . These events did not escape notice in the newspapers of the:, time, but the accounts iliey published did not extend beyond a short Iparagraph in any case." . Whether the re porter liad hoard of Farley's part in the matter or, not,; no allusion was made to it. But undoubtedly It liad even tiler become well known all over the district, and In Syd ney also. Iii one paper it was said that "tlii; way in which the body was discovered was most extraordinary,", and another spolce of " the almost ; miraculous discovery : four months after llie murder had been commit ted." The unerring sagacity shown by Gilbert was enough in itself to make the story Jiopular ; : .-. The trial took place in the Supreme Court at:,Sydhey on February 2, 1827, before Chief HHSy.c<b;HrDes, ancl a military jury of six ofll- ccl'5 :t? trial' by, jury was then carried out.- Tli'e pi- osecutlon was conducted by Act-' AhgT Attorney-General Moore, and tlio defence ;bj; an, attorney named Rowe; A prisoner's. ,?!ffinsei.-wasv not allowed then to address the -Juvyl- 'bp) his belialf/ : The evidence of tlio ,Gtlo\yn wltnosses . as-.it- appears jn" the judge's ,i)'oteq-;,of the trlafi .having formed the basis of the foregoing narrative, It need not be. re peated here. Only one - was called for the defence, a settler, numed Boon, who stated that he had jiad some dealings with Fisher,- In connection with which a dispute had arisen between them. He charged him with, having signed his name to an agreement, but Fisher denied the charge. He believed that lie had done so, and threatened to prosecute : liim, ; The. prisoner had accounted to him for .his) disappearance by saying that he ' had run away In consequence of this threat. , In summing up the evidence the Chief Jus tice held that the facts cast "the burden' of proof" on the prisoner. 1-Ie was bound to uc- eount for his possession of Fisher's property, and - his absence. The confident manner iri which he had' spoken of his departure, and the "secret" that hp said was in it, all show ed an intimate acquaintance, or a pretended one, with his movements. The statement made before the magistrates, that he had been killed by the four men, could not be re conciled witlr his first story. It was at best but a bure suspicion but supposing that there was any foundation for it, lipw came he, the friend of the murdered man, to make no in quiries, to take possession of his goods, to say that he had purposely quitted the colony to avoid pursuit, 'and that lie held a power of attorney, and to: produce false receipts? These things were not reconcilable with the natural course which he ought to have pur sued under such extraordinary- circum stances. The prisoner listened to the judge's charge, as he had to the evidence, without showing any sign of emotion. He did not seem to be -much- Interested In the proceeding; it ra ther bored liim. No one could Have looked more Indifferent when the jury retired, or when they returned to their box, as they did in a very short -time. "Standing boldly forth," wrote a reporter, "without betraying .tHe'. slightest visible change of countenance, . \lie :heard.-.the , fatal Veidlctiof guilty.'' With the'isame stolid look be .saw the judge put- on the black cap. and heard him pronounce the dreadful sentence, to be carried out within three days, and to be followed by dissection. ' He was equally callous when he stood upon the scaffold In front of the eld gaol, off Lower George- street, and found him,>eif in the pre-; sence of an enormous crowd gathered toge ther on the P.oeks immediately above. "With a contracted brow and eyes immovably fixed on the ground he stood, both before and after he ascended the scaffold, firm and motion less, showing no symptom of remorse, or even of Interest in the sacred rites which . were being performed by the minister o'f re ligion." Ho was attended by the Rev. Wil- ' ilnm Cowper, of the Church of .England, , to whom he made a confession of his crime. There .was not much truth iii it. I-Ie admit- ' ted that the declaration he had made before the magistrates implicating the four men was wholly false, and that, lie had struck Hie'" fatal blows. He loft his house, he said,' on June 17 In Fislipr's company, Intending: to spend the evening In the township. They were perfectly good friends, and had been so for q long time before. When, they had walked, together a distance of some 40 rods from the house he observed some stray' hor ses among the wheat .crop, and one pf them , being near them lie took up a; rail' lying on the ground and aimed a blow ; at Iti He struck Fisher instead, by ..mischance, and felled him . to the ground. . Raising htm up lie found that his was al- mostllfeloss, and being 'afraid to seek as sistance lie watched the body for some time, until he' died'. Then ho lifted it tip and car ried it on his back a distance ' of about 50 yards, till he came to some, rushes growing : on a marshy spot, where he left it for that, niglit. He returned to his home, where he found a jovial company of liard-wbVklng la bourers assembled. "Ah!" he concluded, "the evening before this fatal occurrence I was happy. I could boast of being a free man I had my two or three servants at command, and my orders were obeyed. But now how can I dare to meet the face of an honest man!" I-Ie died with his hypocritical story on his lips, and left a nariio which will never be forgotten in the annals of Australian crime. 