THE WEATHER. THE DAWSON RIVER STILL RE CEDING. Fine, bright conditions prevailed in Rock- hampton yesterday. There was an absence, too, of the muggtncs« that has been a characteristic of the weather for the last week or more, and the hope is indulged that the fine weather ware that the Government Meteorologist predioted for the western districts on Monday lias reached the districts bordering ou the coast. That hope was strengthened by the following forecast issued in the evening by the Govern- ment Meteorologist, and telegraphed from Brisbane at s-quurter to six o'clock to the Government Meteorological Observer here : " Strong northerly and north- westerly wlndB and squalls, with electric disturbances, iu the western and north-western districts, which, in course, will travel eastward ; meantime a wave of finer weather is affecting Central QuceuBlaud ; showery and unsettled along the tropical coast ; with some thunderstorms ; conditions suspicious between Gomea and San Christovul ; sea moderate." I The following is the rainfall for the twenty four hours eniled at 9 a.m. yesterday as re- ceived by the Government Meteorological Observer (Mr. E. L. Hanna) : Station. In. Rockhampton . 052 Banana . 0i)¡* Bundaberg. 026 Bustard Head . 0*54 Camboon . 0-02 Collaroy. 1'05 Dingo ... !. . 0-12 Duaringa . 0-20 Emerald . Ofll Emu Park . 0-63 Gatcombe Head . 1*23 Gladstone . 1*09 Mackay ... ._ . 0 47 Marlborough._ ... 1*27 Maryborough. ._ 0-25 Mount Morgan ... . 0'3'2 Nebo." ." ... 0*77 Raglan ... . 0'37 St. Lawrence. ,.. ... 1-71 Stanwell . 0'5S Westwood . 0-71 Woody Island . 0-26 Ycppoou . 0 37 THE MURRAY EMBANKMENT. The loag struggle between the river and the Town Sun ey or tor the Murray embankment becomes dall) more interesting If the river were in the form of two year« ago the Tow n Surveyor would not have a ghost of a chance, but under present circumstances and condi tiona it is just possible he may win in the end He deserves to at an) rate, for he has fought a gallant fight It vi as stated yester day that when the water outside the embank ment rose so rapidly on Mondav afternoon, Mr Parker deemed it wise to admit the flood water into the lagoon, and so equalise the two sheets Ibis he did by cutting the short embankment thrown across the inlit channel, and yesterday morning about daylight the water had nearly filled up the Murray By nine o'clock the lagoon was brimful, and just tapping over at one place into the flood water at the outside Shortly after this it was seen thal the flood waters were coming over ni several places, but only lu "hallow streams and w ithout damage so far The tw o waters, those inside the Murray and the flood waters outside, were then on one level, and practically oue sheet of water at the upper end of the Murray near the pumping B tatton On proceeding down the embankment in a boat, the Town Surveyor found the current outside the bank was still slow, being scarcely three quarters of a mile per hour He con sidérea (in the absence of information as to the state of the river) that this slow curient implied cither that the stream coming over from the river was decreasing in volume aud the river slow tug dowu, or that the water below the \eppen was backing up more and allow ing less waterway down to the river, and thus decreasing the force of the current In passing further down the embankment several low places were noted where the water was likely to go over the bank Several tracks were also noticed running longitudinally for some distance on the top of the bank, show ing that it had recently subsided still further lins brought the top of the bank down m these places very near the surface of the water Near the loner end of the embank mont opposite the Botanical Gardens gate the current outside was fouud to be runumg at about one and a half miles per hour, w hich | was still ver) much leis than in previous floods The declivity on the surface of the flood waters wos very noticeable here \\\ hilst the two waters were on a level at the upper end of the lagoon, the difference of levels half a mile dowu vvas about six and a half inches, and at the lower end nine inches, the floods waters outside in each case being the lower On reaching the lower end of the Murray, Mr Parker lound a rather serious state of affairs The bank had evidently subsided there to some extent, and the water in three places was Blovvly trickling ou to the top of the bank In one place it was about two thirds of the distance across the top Had it once got across there the consequences would have been more serious than at any other part of the bank, as the lush of the water would have been stronger, and a greater bleach might have been made Mr Parker at once landed on the bank, and sent til» man back with the dingy to summon a gang of men and the large punt from the upper end, where they were busy on other work scarcely less urgent In the meantime a spade turned up handy near the Botanical Gardens, and the Town Surveyoi raised a low bank, just enough to stop the water until the men came The rise of water on to the bank there w as probably due partly to a sudden subsidence of part of the bank and partly to the rather rapid rise of the flood waters during the morning The length of the depressed portion was about ten chains, and in that length there were three places with extra depressions, where the water was almost ov er After starting the men at these places, Mr Parker returned up the lagoon w here he found the flood waters were now coming over a con eiderable length of the bank at the upper end oppoBito Mr Alley's house On reading the gauge it was found the waters had risen about two and a half inches in the previous three hours At noon the prospect of saving the em bankmcnt was gloomy The flood waters were still rising, and had then overflowed the dam across the inlet channel, and the whole flat adjoining this channel, as well as the higher ground near the pump well, was submerged to some depth In spite, there- fore, of the efforts that had been made, all control of the water was now at an end for the first time during the struggle The Murray Lagoon, the Crescent, and the flood waters outside were all connected at that point, and were, to all intents and purposes, one Bheet of water, with a flow of water in wards ov er the site of the inlet channel and outwards over the submerged portions of the bank. It appeared as if further efforts for the time being were useless But Mr. Parker was loth to give in. He dcoided to keep the men going at the work, and, with the aid of a further staff of men, which he had telephoned for in the morning with a view to partly relieve and rest the men now on the bank, to endeavour, by a little extra spurt during the afternoon, to get the water again under oontrol, or, at least, to stop the overflow in various places. The rein- forced staff of men was kept hard at work all the afternoon and late into the night makins, up the bank at these various places, and late last evening Mr. Parker hoped to see good results from the work io preventing for tho time being any serious breaches in the bank. The newB he received from the town during the after- noon to the effect that the river there was not rising much and was likely soon to ooma to a standstill was encouraging, as at tbe lagoon the water had been riling all day. It rose. two and a-half Inohes from eight o'clock until noon, and another two and a-half inohes from noon until sunset, and was still rising then, although a little more «lowly. But although riling in this way the water was still three or four feet below the level It attained two years ago. It has just been stated there was comparatively little ourrent along the embankment yestorday. Mr. Alley, Kngiueer-iu-charge of the pumping Station, w£o has a long experience of thal lagoons, states the slowuess of the outrent is due to the comparatively low height of the flood. At present the lagoons are protected from the full fores of the current by a low ridge, but if the water were to rise a foot or so more it would sweep across this and oome down with unbroken velocity on the lagoons and the embankment. In such a case there would be no chance at all for the embank- ment. But happily it doeB not appear as if the river would rise much higher, and in this Iles the sole hope for tho embankment. It does not need to be told that the protective work ¡B COBI ly. A large staff Is employed, some of them by night as well us day, and hundreds upon hundreds of bags aro being UBOd. THE FITZROY BRIDGE | There w as a special meeting of the Fitzroy Bridge Board yealerday forenoon at the ofhces of the Secretary (Mr R R Dawbarn) Messrs H Jones (Aeting President), H liddcs, O Lewis, H W Johuson, aud S Ihomasson attended Mr Jones explained that the purpose for which he had called the tnembei8 together was to determine whether, in view of the high state of the river and the strong current flowing, the passage of stock over the bridge should ho stopped us on the occasion of the big flood of 1896 It was not that the structure was in any danger On the contrary, it was not nearly BO frail, if he might use that terni, as it was two years ago and there was nothing like the amount of vibration In brief, it w as much more rigid A lengthy discussion followed In the course of this Mr Lewis remarked that the ouly traffic which caused "a whimper " in the bridge was the Btock traffic Since the last flood, he said, fully one third of the timber in the structure had been rcuowed, and there was not the slightest occasicn for fear In fact, it w ould not be in d10 least danger until the water in the Dawson River got 13ft or 14ft higher than it was at present The only bit of weakness in it was No 2 pier on the south side That pier noa only 6ft in the roek, while the other purs pierced the rock to a depth of lrift Still, the full force of the cunent was now on No 1 pier on the Bouth side, and it would not strike No 2 pier until the water had risen another 3 ft Ultimately it was agreed to stop ali stock from passing over the bridge until the river has subsided, except willi the consent of the Acting President The Acting President then explained that Mr Lewis, in his capacit) as Chairman of the Works Committee, had called on lum with regard to tho gu)ing of the budge, and bo should like the views of members on the subject-Mr Lewis said the work could be left until the water had risen Ht, when the full force of the current would be on No 2 pier Then a guy could be attached to that pier aud connected with the anchor on the south bank He would not say that there would be any neeesBiiy for n , but, at the saine time, it would strengthen the struc ture b) taking some of the weight off the weak pier -Mr Fiddes said he had had a coniersation that morning with Mr W Burns, who, in conjunction with the late Mr F J Byerley (the designer of the bridge), advised the guying of the bridge in the flood of 189b Mr Burns said he did not think it was necessary to take I any immediate steps to guy it , but if the water ro«o further guys should be put up In view of that advice, he thought it would be us well to gue the Acting President and the Chairman of the \"i orks Committee power to take whatever action might be necessary, and he would move to that effect -Mr Johnson btconded the motion -Mi TbomaBson said he should oppose the motion In his opinion it was not necessary to have guys Ihey did no good in 1S96 Further, the structure was lu no danger until the water got to the decking and then all the ropes in Rockhampton vv ould not hold it - After further discussion the motion was carried, all present except Mr Thou asson voting for it Mr Thomasson did not vote The Acting Presidenten reply to Mr liddcs, said the plans for the footways to the bridge prepared by the Rockhampton Town Surveyor (Mr T Parker) had been unproved of by the Government Juigineer for Bridgos (Mr A B Brady) w ith slight alterations, and Mr Fiddes expressed the hope that tenders would be called for the work immediate!) in terms of the authority given by a resolution passed on the 10th of November last THE RIVERS The Fitzroy Riv cr, as stated in ) esterday s issue, was 25ft 6in over lou water mark of ordinary spring tides at eleven o clock on Monday night \ esterday morning ut nine o'clock it w as only 1 in higher, and it re mained at that level until after five o'clock m the evening Then it began to rise again slowly, the register at nine o'elock being 25 ft 8 in The height at Yaamba at 9 p m on Monday was 49 ft 11 in At the caine hour last night it was 50ft 6in , showing a rise for the twenty four hours of only 7in The fall in th» Mackenzie River at Duaringa continues Between four o'clock on Monday afternoon and four o'clock yes terday afternoon it dropped 1 ft 6 in , tho height on the gauge at the latter hour being 69ft 3in At Comet, however, it is still rising It was 39ft 6 in over summer level there at seven o'elock on Monday night ; but last night at that time it was 41 ft, and rising about 1 in hourly The Dawson waters are still tailing, ñ message sent from 67 milet 19 chaine, Central Railway, at half-past eleven o'clock yesterday forenoon advised a drop of 14 in. since one o'clock the previous afternoon, and a second telegram from there, sent at a quarter-past five o'clock in the evening, reported a further fall of 6 in., making the total drop 1ft. 8 in. and the height above summer level 49 ft. 5 iu. More satisfactory still was the intelligence conveyod in the second wire, that the water was then falling fast. No news came from Taroom in the course of the day, and from this it may be presumed that at that place also, as at Duaringa, tin river is receding. At seven o'clock on Monday night the Comet River WBB 28 ft. 6 in. over ita accus- tomed height, and at seven o'clock last night it was 30ft. Sin. and rising at the rate of about 2 in. per hour. From this it will be seen the rise has been sharp, the total height the water made in the twenty-four hours ended at seven o'clock last night being 2 ft. 2 in. At Rolleston, however, there was no change. The Nogoa River, like the Comet, is making. From 20 ft. over Bummer level at 3 p.m. on Monday it got to 23ft. at 9 a.m. yesterday, and at the latter hour it was still rising. THE RAILWAYS. The report of the railway authorities yesterday is more cheering than it has been for many days. The only block to traffic on the Central line is at the Dawson Valley, but the stream up till 6'15 p ni. yesterday had fallen 1 ft. 9 in. at the bridge. The rails were clear and the river was still dropping rapidly. Still, the difficulties of travelling ara as great as ever ; and for the next day or so may be greater, for in places the water will be so shallow that it will be impossible to ferry for I any distance, and it will be a oase of tran- shipping every few minutes from trolly to boat and boat to trolly. It is hoped, how- ever, that, with a continuation of the fine weather now prevailing generally over the valley of the Dawson, the flood will soon be a thing of the past. Yesterday afternoon a new danger threatened at the Comet River. Fed by the waters from the heavy, rain that felt atong ita oourse and on. the watersheds of its numerous tributaries on Saturday and Sunday, it rose yesterday afternoon to within Bin, of the sails.; and at a quarter, past three o'clock, when the latest advice came through, it was »till rising slowly. Whether the water would get over the traok io the night It waa Im posiiblo to say ; but if it did it was not ex- pected to remain there long. Indeed, the nope is entertained that to-day may see it below the rails onoe moro. On the Spring- sure line trafila has been resumed. On the Clermont line, however, Theresa Creek presents a stream 8 ft. deep ; but like the other creeks adjacent to it, which threatened j on Monday to create fresh blocks, it is falling. The Bpecial train for the west, convoying passengers and malls, was despatched, as usual; at six o'clock yesterday morning, and the customary train from the west arrived in town in the evening, though not until half past nine o'olock. There will be another special train westward this morning at six o'clock, and one will probably arrive hero from the end of the line this evening. It was regarded as possible that the latter might be delayed on its j'ourney last night by the Comet River. If that stream got over the rails, the train, inBtcad of leaving Emerald twenty miuutcs past twelve o'clock last night, would be detained there until four o'clock this morning, and, with the Comet and Dawson valleys flooded, the chance of the passengers and mails by it reaching Rock- hampton to-eight would bo exceedingly remote. However, as already explained, the probability of the Comet getting over the rails was not Beriously entertained last evening. The riroadmount Railway, it may he men- tioned, is open lo traffic. GENERAL Many conjectures have been made as to the speed at which the curreut is running in the Fitzroy River opposite the Rockhampton wharves A competent authority places it at six knots per hour Others, who are also qualified to express an opinion, give it as between six and a half and seven knots When the flood of two years ago was at its height it was legged and found to be running at the rate of Seven and three quarter knots per hour But the current then was much swifter than it is now A correspondent calls attention to the fact that the river bank between Denham and Fitz roy streets needs fencing It is badly lighted, he says, and anyone walbing along after dark is liable to walk off the footway into the water [Bv ELECTRIC TELEORAPH ] CUNNAMULLA, Tcbruary 15 Splendid rains fell here and in the sur rounding districts on Saturday Locally 2 in were registered, the fall being heavier in the surrounding districts The river is in flood The Barringun coach, which was due on Saturday night, did not arrive until Sunday afternoon BARCALDINE, February 15 Tho weather cleared yesterday morning, and it has since been beautifully fine The total rainfall for the ten days of the rainy weather w as 11 19 m \\\ IN TON, February 15 The weather is now fine The rainfall last week totalled 4 96 in lue river is in flood The wiud on Saturday gave the Roman Catholic Chapel a cant from the perpen dicular All the mails hav e been dolayed 