? CHATTER illl.- -Ceimxym. "All that I have thought of, and in that direct line she seems to have barred my way herself. If she had appeared to me as a seeker after social elevation., I could have addressed her -before this. Bat, successful in such a course, I would have at once re^' duced my high estimate of her character." -- "It is certainly a matter hedged with difficulties. This is a free country, a wonder; ful country 1 and its education brings out worth and character at times. But it also opens wide the doer to adventurers. There certainly is a higher plane of life, even here, is there not?" "Yes, mother—if yota. had lived In Solomon's time, the Queen of Sheba would have come to visit you and neglected the king." But Mrs. North was in earnest now; her son was the stake, and she loved him too deejfly to treat the subjeet of his destiny lightly. "And while the social plane," sbe continued, "which is established on a high grade, has many of low degree upon it, thrust there by fortune, still, must we not be wary, lest we suffer by sodden folly?" "Mother, you are wise—and good. Sorely you can help me in such a case." "We will at least bfe just te the child we are weighing in the balance." "Even if Diana is great." said the son. "But Diana can pat many thorns in the pathway where love treads—if she wills— and society generally wins." "You are a philosopher and a poet, too," replied the son, "aad'l could not appeal to both in vain." "Hush, boy; if you are impertinent I will not tell you a plan I have in mind." "I know your plan already," he returned, confidently. ; "And what is itf "You will invite Miss Lam oat to visit you •when I am away—and veur good judgment will guide you. Then I will appear upon the scene at another time." "That is .a good suggestion. I will act upon it." "And, mother," the boy urged, with something the matter of his voice, "you will not criticise too hard, a young woman whose training has been on a distant sea coast?" "I do not think, from what I saw, that she needs criticism. She appears a lady born." The son arose from his chair, took his mother's hands, kissed her, and said something about the usefulness of mothers in general As he reached the door he turned and said: "I will return from Philadelphia Monday and come directly to the house. I am informed it will be better to bring the insurance funds direct to the house—there has been information lodged with the city police that some desperate characters are looking around our office. If I send a package up, put it in the muniment room and I will have a night watch here." Hie closed the door and was off. The next day a carriage was driven around the bay, a servant bearing a little note to the cottage of Mrs. Jennie Smith. It read as follows: Ify Dear Miss Lamont: It is my wish to become better acquainted with you, and make it pleasant for you to attend future assemblies. My son will be away over Sunday. May I send the carriage for you at 2 p. m., and have you to lunch with me alone? I lead a quiet life, and I wish to talk with you in a good old-fashion- "®d way. If you will accede to my wishes ^u will confer a favor. Your friend, KATHERINE NORTEL The reader, soma of him or her, will say that Miss Helen Lamont rushed off to Mrs. Jennie, and, into her lap, read the letter in a whirlwind of delight! and that immediately the little charmer hugged the girl unto suffocation, and,—wrote a poem. But Helen was not that kind of a girL She smoothly drew a pair of scissors from the derter pocket, deftly trimmed off the edges of the perfumed envelope—such as they had in those days—laid it wide open, and wrote thereon as follows, while standing in the hall, at least twenty feet from a mirror: Kind Mabam—Your note finds me unprepared to reply to your kindness, save in this manner. I am deeply grateful, and shall be very happy to come to your beautiful home again ana at the time mentioned. I am, grateful] v yours, HELEN LAMONT. When Lady North received this reply, somewhat ingenious in its construction as to papetaerre, her first thought was that tha child was a little artful. But as the vision of the girl herself, as she had seen her on the night of the assembly, rose in her mind she felt assured that the step was a kindly one, even it if were a little deceitful—in the interest of that stalwart son of hers. Sunday afternoon cams. And so did Miss Helen Lamont. She was welcomed at the door by the lady herself. No, Mrs. North did not send the "first girl" to usher Helen into the reception room, and then sail in upon her with an overpowering sweetness anil gush! She amply opened the inner door of the vestibule herself; smiled sweetly, as a lady of years and silver hair, only can smile; took the young lady, as a good mother would, by the hand, helped har take off a little outer shawl and other accouterments known only to the feminine militia. Then, she, took her to tiie neatest little downstairs attiring room and adjusted all the necessary a&abhments; of f emede tqgglement. And then they both sailed hand In hand into the—not the grand parlor—but into the library. And there tiiey'satior anliour, and then a little, dimity-dressed maid came to the door and quietly said: "Lunch is ready." By that time they went Into the dining room, not hand in hand; but with her arm around the girl's slender waist, Mrs. North ctre'w Helen close to her sidrtmd said, with a benign goodness in her eyes: ... '^Co'me, my dear, ife s .will lunch.together all alone^-justasif we were tie only people in the world." And so they went to the great, heavy table. But what they ate is nothing tons. What we want is to know what they said during that first hour—that the nice little LadyNorth should fold her graceful arm about her as though she hart loved her fc^ Tears—that the wealthiest sioek in Boston should fold a struggling child of the world within its gold leaves. It would be highly affected upon our part to represent tha conversation as "soulfut" It was precisely the contrary. And that was the reason Mrs. North was drawn by the bands, of love. The conversation rose to the high plane of the weather, present and expected, and the influence of Washington society upon dress—and finally Helen felt so much at home that sbe jumped up on her feet and developed the usual hysterics over the white lilies in tbe deep window frame. And then, as Miss Helen was an artist the Lady North exhibited the line of famous portraits, with the then familiar names of famous artists. And then—ah, mother, you knew when!— then Lady North picked up a little giltedged book, bound in lovely velyet, and remarked that— "This is a little work my son has written —on 'Steam in Ocean Carriage.' Of course this one was bound specially for me." Miss Helen took the book, opened it, and then sat down by the window under the lilies and ran a few pages through her fingers. '•"Now," said Mrs. North to berself, "I can see to what extent she is intellectual," and at the same tame she smiled at her own deceitfulaess. Thus far sbe had been won by her gentle manner. "I should like to read this book," Helen said, almost as bluntly as though speaking to a companion in years and station. "My dear, it is about commerce—and fields where men study out great national problems." "Yes, and I would like to read them and study them." "But it is about new things—new railroads and new territories." "But it is about the future! To what a wonderful future we are coming. I am so thankful that we may live to see it!" and at this point the girl's face glowed with animation "Yes, child, you will see it." "And you, too, I am sure. And your son will. He shows here by a table of progressions that the tonnage of our commerce will soon be the greatest of any of the powers! And here," she continued, turning over to another chapter, "he states that great parallel? of railroads will soon be built to the Mississippi River into the territories. I bolie-ve that, too." "You do! Why, I don't know anything about such things. Are there no railroads there now?" "To me," said the girl warmly, •'there is a glory in being the ereator of such a development of one's country. I wish I were a man!" And then she laughed at the hardihood of a young girl wishing such ungentle things. The expression may have sounded ill to old-fashioned Mrs. North, but the laugh forgave it all. "Why a man?!.' she asked of Helen. "Because—because—oh, there is a weakness about ns. We are looked upon a good deal as a curiosity. I suppose the wish to to be unsexed is rather immodest, is it not?' "Not if you simply wish to have greater strength—I think the assertion of a strength which we do not have is unfortunate." "Sometimes,'' said Helen thoughtfully, "I wish I was stronger—not that X wish to do things out of reach, but to do my work better. I often start out upon the street, full of hope and joy at the chance to do something, and as I move along so buoyantly some man will pass me and by manner remind me that I am but a woman after alL " "Then, being a woman," suggested Mrs. North, "would it not be better to be less ambitious?' "I think so. I often wish I were ugly or feature—so that people would look at me no more than young men." "If you have beauty, does it not draw friends to you?" said the elder lady, gently reprimanding the self-assumption of beauty. "Yes; but.dont you think that hard labor and propriety' would bring friends?" "Do you find the industrious and the good about you successful because of their earnestness? Are not many unfortunates worthy of better things?" "Yes," replied the girL "In my daily work lam placed beside faithful workers who are borne down to the very earth with misfortune. I am happier than they only because I have hope." "And skill," added Mrs. North. "My son thinks you have a great future, and takes an interest in your work." After this experimental reference the lady watched Helen's face very closely. But tlie latter replied at once, withoutthe slightest change of color or accent: "I think he must be, he seemed so much interested in that painting at the academy. Why,-the academy has addressed a note to me asking me to sell it to them, and also to meet a committee soon to arrange about other paintings.. I-half believe your son has brought some of this about." s "I think not," said the mother, "because lie has told me nothing of it." . "Anddo sons teUtheir mothers all about such matters! I thought that was confined to daughters." "Mine does—but then, there is only bne Conrad," andthe proud woman looked down upon-the floor. "How delightful wne year with a motb Would be,™ sighed the girL ' • ' Then her eyes wandered, and with a dreamy gaze looked far out to sea and rested upon a single sail, receding into that world beyond our horizon. And both .had their thoughts; and bach locked them in their own bosoms* where no intrusion could startle them into being. When Mrs. North's eyes were -lifted she said: "You have no mother?" "Ndr brother, nor sister." "What is it, then, that sustains yon in your labors?" "God." The dear old lady was startled. Her own religious sense was deep and warm. Hesitating a moment to get tbe full significance of the declaration, she said to' the earnest girl: "I am anxious to ask yon a question." "Do, please; I already know how land you are." "Who reared yon so gently—and how came you by these thoughts you have uttered?" "If I have them," said Helen modestly, "they are due to an uncle and jaunt who reared me from a child—on the coast of Maine." "And he was a' minister?" "Yes, and unfitted for this world—so God took him." "And you have no one to love or lean upon?" "No; but I do not feel the need of more than such priceless friendship as you show me. My work keeps my heart from other pursuits." ''And you grow stronger. donJt yoa?" " Oh, yes," she answered with a smile. "The world is so full of beauty and nature, so full of wonder, that I find study for every horn-—if only some people didn't suffer," she added, thinking, of Winnie and the workshop. " You are a strange girl," said the mother, looking at her with gentle eyes. " Do you think so ?" " I hope that you will never lose that tender sympathy for the unfortunate—I can see why yon paintec^t he " Angel of Sympathy!" " Can you ? But yoa will never forgive me for talking so much." "Talk away," said the mother. "It delights me. Some day you will be a mother, and you will listen to the brave words of those who have their life to tread—as I do now. The time will come, though, when, with all your strength and character, you will lean upon another." Helen cast her eyes to sea again. The sail had gone beyond her vision. "Yes—yes—ib is possible—and it is fate. But it will be very hard for me." "Why, child?" said Mrs. North with some surprise. "Because I am unfortunate. To be bom a laborer in?the fields, one who feels satisfied with his humble fate and happy wife, would be happiness. Or to be born in the purple, and find your surroundings fitted to your tastes, would be joy. But to be on the earth with wings too small to fly, and yet hunger for flight, that is a hardship." "But you will love just the same. I did.* "To love above you would be unfortunate, 1 ' said Helen, "and to love beneath us is still worse—it seems so to me." Mrs. North, of choice, would not have uttered another word. The earnestness of the girl was the guaranty of its truth. The sub. ject was closed when she remarked: "But the demands of the heart will come some day—and come in power. You will not deny it then. It will come." Then it was that the little "dimity maid" opened the door and brought them down to the world of reality and cold chicken, with that remark: "Lunch is ready." When late at night the following Monday Conrad North came home, and retired to hia room, he found upon the table a little note. He held it up to the light a moment, then broke tbe wax seal, and opened it. It was from his mother. M y D r a b Son—You have a task before you. But you will have your mother's prayers for success. Hope lightly, and may God be with you. MOTHER. CHAPTER XIV. Finn IB hah a n adventure. INTSTIE was rapidly recovering, and the time drew nigh when he must organize his infant faculties into some line of action for maintenance. He had not been idle during a portion of his sickness. He rose from his bed a different person in one respect—he could read a little, and every day added to his powers in that- direction. His progress was really quite astonishing. His face was paler;than before, and his step was still unsteady. But his features were no longer expressive of vacancy, and his step was not shambling. TTie white forehead and finely molded mouth and chin gave promise of considerable strength. How often at night heasked after the welfare of Winnie. This pleased Helen, and her pictures of the girl were at times tinged slightly with the golden hue of affection. It may be stated, also, that the clear-eyed island daughter, with her "iss," and "wass," and sweet Gaelic accent, also inquired daily for Finnic. One day Pinnie was feeling unusually depressed—he felt that hie was becoming a burden to the household.' All were glad to see him sb well, and to hear him rattle off " literature" with more or less readiness. But the fact that he was a non- supporting member of the group was painful. So, one day, when Helen returned from her labor, which still continued, she 'found a note awaiting her. ' It was written in boyish script, and read as follows: ' • • / Dear Miss Helen: ' , I thought I ought to get something to do. So I have borrowed a; little money of Mrs. Smith, and I have gone brer to Mr. Conrad North's to talk' with him and see if he knows what I can do. Iwill hope to be back ias soon as you do. ' • • '•'• -t ••'if- • • JBESNIE.'"- ' 7/ Sirs. Smith had, gone fntothe.clty ping, and had] jaofc ; Mturned, Eud the mi ' of all work kriewndthlng of. Fianie's going; Eight o'clock aid Saiith both ~ce£ae. andstffl rioPlnnie. But at half-past 8, just ; as theywere becoming farmed, a nbte came' from Mrs. North staii^ that "Mr: Hnnie" would remain there over "night. At the North casile it had been a dull day. The light remark made by Conrad about a threatened raid on the down town offiee worried Mrs. Iforth. Bang forewarned, of course Mrs. North felt that there was no real danger. However, what inaybe called the "feminine shadow" hung over'her, and her mind refused to dispel the gloom. The huge clock in the hallway had just struck 2, when the heavy knocker on the heavy door sent a chill through her slight frame. By the time the man servant was at the door, Mra North was attheheadof the old-fashioned staircase. The door was open- There stood a pale, lank, sickly-looking woman in maarailine raiment^-at least that was what Mrs. North suspected. The large, dark eyes looked strangely and steadily upon the doubtful Mr. Bonar,- who stood for a moment without saying a- word, as if waiting directions from his mistress. And when Bonar did spring him with a question, he did it carefully, so as hot to scare him away in case he were a real ghost. "An* phwat.kin I do fer the likes o' yer?' "Canyon tell me, mister, if Mr. North lives here!" '•Indade, soor, an' we kin do that," returned the Irishman, without offering the desired information. On the long piaeaa, or porch, near the outer door, was a huge rustic chair. With a stammering word Pinnie almost tumbled into this, muoh to the anxiety of the ro»n. "Och, me leddy, the Iahd is sick." Mrs. North was by him at that moment, and asked of Pinnie: "My boy, are you ill?" "1 have been, Mrs. North, but I am only so tired now. I walked from the ferry." "Bonar will bring yon into the house"— and, as she said this, the sudden thought came into her mind, that, perhaps, this had something to do with the threatened burglary. "But then," she reflected in an instant, "that was at the down town office and surely this youth would not be an agent in such work!" Thai die said aloud: "Yon speak my name, bat I do not remember to have met you, do you know me?" "Yes, I know you from the words of Miss Lament. I came to talk with Mr. North, who can tell me what to do, probably." "Are you the sick person of whom Miss Lamont told us?" (To be cootmucd.) I i * i i i c l " T ^jr'tI•i a • i 