THE WHOLE DUTY OF A SHERIFF. [From the "Westminster Budget."] "As the xearth has its moon, .so the Lord 1 Mayor of London has his Sheriff."- Tbus : remarked Mr. T. R. Dewar, whom the — — , -writer, approached the other day. in. the • tondon. offices of his ~ ~~ " Dewar &. Sons, of whisky on the subject of his duties as late Sheriff, j "As to ancient history," 'lie pursued,'"we i might put it that Adam was the^first .man in possession, and hence the first-sheriff But to be matter of fact, I have in mind ,, . , T , , , . ., •. . that when I was a boy taking porridge and gomg through a stnet course of the Shorter Catechism, tliere were Sheriffs in Nebu-" cliadnezzar's time. Let's see if we can give chapter and verse—yes, Daniel {chap., iii. v. 2): 'He gathered together the princes, the governors,'and'the captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces.'. So you see the oiiice was in vogue before the Conquest turned the ancient Britons into Nornians. How. soon after William ascended the throne at Westminster, A.D. 1036, the office was founded is. faded history. But from the rolls of the "City we know that Sheriffs were doing their duties in 1181. Who put us into office in those half-fergotten days is an open question. To-day, however, the Sheriffs (members of. their own civic body) ' are voted in. by the Liverymen of, London. But disabuse yourself of this idea. Tbe Sheriff's office is absolutely distinct from that of the Lord Mayor's, and dates back longer, though it does circulate round aiid gain glamour "frpm the latter. As to work—well; it is more social than arduous. As to wages. —virtually the Sheriff pays his own. As to time—the Sheriff's is never his own. The method of selection is that. one day—between Easter and Midsummer-Day—the Lord Mayor nominates in Common Hall a Liveryman who he thinks might care. to serve as Junior Sheriff, but the Liverymen afterwards decide the selection. Soundings may have bec-n taken beforehand. If an alderman's name is on the list, etiquette, which is so religiously adhered to in the City, has oequeathed him the right to the first consideration.- :As a rule the matter is concluded there and then, though the official section does- not take place till Midsummer Day, whilst, the installation falls on Michaelma's Ere. I have said that;we virtually pay our own wages. But there is an emolument. In.* the old days, I fancy, we had a right to certain lands, for unto this day we pay the City Remembrancer sax horseshoes as rent for certain farms that hare passed out of our possession.! In the past our other CSty privileges were the clothes and all that was found upon any prisoner. These rights and privileges have now been commuted, and for the year of office: the stipend is £750. We have, hoover, to find our own and our retainers' robes, and supply all the paraphernalia of the office." "1)0 you have a- goodjftime?" "A very interesting one, certainly. The Lord Mayor is the first gentleman of the City, as I have said, and society opens its doors .to him. And really our chief business is to accompany him at all functions— at Court gatherings, State" concerts, dances. Ministers receptions — and at these the Sheriffs form items in the notable crowd. Tour one desire, however, is that your' digestion may be equal to the calls made upon it. There are two classes ""of society —those who have more dinners than appetite, and those who - have more appetite than dinners. I will leave you to imagine to which class the Sheriffs belong; for it is na uncommon circumstance when London is on the hum to. have to attend—and in. one day, too — a luncheon, a garden. party, a .5 o'clock tea, put in an appearance" at a couple of dinners, and then attend a reception. The ball starts ion November 0, and it is on the roll up till Christmas. Then there is a teu-days' respite, an'd on and on and on you go again till Easter. The vacation is a brief one— for about this time charity begins to ask vou out, and all through May, June, and July everybody is requesting of you honeyed "words, and often asking for more substantial support towards their causes. And there is an etiquette about the business. Say the* Lord Mayor's contribution is £100, th he Sheriffs' would in" general gach be a baft—say, aft—say. £50 each. . What!—As to the •f. Yes, we contribute our Guildhall banquet-? &ha;!re. The cost of the office ? Well, -chat is a question of mental arithmetic which I lea.™ to you. To some exfent it depends on your Lord Mayor. How does one pull through such a-round of festivities without giving up the ghost? Well, my advice to the uninitiated is—keep as far from wine as circumstances, without being rude,, will permit. You may scarcely believe it, but some of mv partners in office have dubbed me the teetotal Sheriff. Not because 1 have takeii water aloue, you know—I should be rather delicate about that. What I have in general done is, 'put a little .go' into. the crystal draught—just added a noggin of rare old twenty-year .'Scotch!' . Yes, we : still keep open house to the Bench and Bar ; at tbe Ola Bailey. We enjoy the privilege '• noj- 0f forming part of the Bench, but J of I ... i : J. ., • ir , , sitting beside their-Lordships in Court, and, , when there / is a • break in tlie duties, we supply the light refreshments. 'llie Old Bailey really forms a part of our household. Legally, a prisoner cannot pass from this world into-the lifest-without- one of us being present. Technically, I am under the impression that'we are supposed to do the hanging, but'fortunately the law allows us to find a 'substitute, to whom it is usual to hand a .i'o-pouiid note. During my year of office, it is true, the Judge has had- cause-to put on the black cap more tlian once—but the band of mercy has intervened. I am glad. It is not a pleasant task to have to ask a man direction tlie road to death* if be has any statement lo make or any complaint to raise. And' I have heard strange 'stories from one of my predecessors. When asked if he had anything to tay, one condemned' mortal looked at the man who wa.s to do tlie'practical work, and said, 'Take.him .away, he depi'esses me.' Another's remark, in answer to ihe usual question, was, 'What day of the week is it. mister?' 'Monday,' was the reply given. 'Well, it is an odd way that I am going to make a start,' were the words iised in reply. "Our wardrobe—we have paid for it, as you know; and the gold chain of office that our-fellow- Liverymen and friends have subscribed for, remains" our property. But, really, these Grilles are of no further service when all is over—as to 'levelling up' your rank in the City, the) office of Sheriff does not count. Really, for one who lias served in citic matters, there is no individual so dead as a dead Sheriff. Mind, that is only an individual opinion. Sheriffs, like doctors and lawyers, are allowed to differ." "And now the scarlet and sable gown and golden chain are put away in lavender, Mr. Dewars. are you going up North tor sport?,.—'"No; i am taking a bigger run than that' which the United Kingdom's railways cover. • I am £oing to ramble round, the'globe." "Are you going to make' the -New"' World -your -iirst .point of call?"—"Not this time. What f propose, to do is tovice'versa, ecsa. myyi previous tramp" abrbad. I shali;-see T-—^iwtialu- Australia , first; , v P 0^!? ibl: l<5ok " m ' upon^the.;;^ck " r ~ < ™' Canada." , "And you call that rest, do you?'' was our query.—--"Yes, "the phyeacians have laid it down tha% Jbere ig new s perpetuaEchaigfe. OSee; I was ^^tje tired ^ , I_put mto practice gospel of change. The effect was a long £n<f 3asting ptck-me-Un. 1 Want another My trunks are ready—I am off next week. 3 