CHAPTER XL;—AN OTHER WEIRD MESSAGE. ’ The colonel and. Ethel both Asked Lieutenant Emory numerous questions about his mis'sion, hoping to draw out something that he had overlooked or for gotten to tell. He told them, in answering these ques tions. that the men Knew nothing what ever about Braxton.'or his past ■ One"of the men was a Frenchman; and, the young man had freqeuently talked with his master in that language, while upon one occasion'he had talked Spanish = fluently with a man who stopped-day' or two at the ranch. • . ' He sung well and played the .guitar, the nien'said, while often to amuse them, lie'. performed- • the - most ; astonishing feat.s. of .-slight-of-hand, aritf possessed powers pf hypnotism as well: he was also a superior ventriloquist. ‘"‘'I think the man has been an actor i ;and •» juggler;- Sir, v from -all ■ accounts, though he is certainly very accomplisli ed,fpr the njen showed me same charcoal "sketches Tie'.liadr’made;of " were perfect,' Trie more I heard of him the more of a-mystery I considered -him;’ • for I saw odds. and. ends picked up in foreign lands, jjhotograplisJie had taken himself, and ..pencil..:sketches of scenes abroad and in Mexico. Why,such a man was willing to bury himself in’a frontier I .home. I eould.not-understand: He was a dead .shot, the ,men said,-, with rifle and revolver, had a. pair of foils in his cabin, -and handled them superbly, appeared to have money, and could'ride a liofse’ and throw a lasso better than any man they had ever seen. He had been known to risk liis life to save an outlaw from a mob, the crowd not being sure tliey had the right man, ‘He has but one life, and • if you take it you cannot return it; so he shall have the benefit of the doubt,’, he had boldly said to the mob, and told the man to mount his horse and ride away while he held back the crowd. “It was found out afterwards the man was Captain Lawless, the outlaw chief; and not listening to reason, some of the .men proposed to hang Braxton as the partner of the road-agent. But he warned them off, and, when they would not heed him, he killed three of the gang, the others taking to their heels. Upon one occasion, his cowboys told me, he had found a wounded Indian chief on the trail. He had put him on his horse and brought him to his ranch and ten derly cared for him. Some of the miners heard the chief was . there, and came to take him out and hang him, but Beau Braxton, as they call him, faced the crowd, and told them that they must first kill, him-before they did his Indian guest. One of the men—a noted despe rado-offered to fight a duel for the In-' dian, and this was forced upon Brax ton, and he killed the fellow before the other could draw his weapon, so rapid are his. movements.. Why, colonel, the men talked to me until long after mid night about the young "ranch-owner, and in their eyes he is certainly a hero, while the settlers all have a good word for him, as he is ever generous to those in need.”. Both the colonel and Ethel wer£ much interested in all they heardof the strange young ranchman, and When the lieuten ant left they talked over.what'had been told them, the. colonel saying at last: “ Now, Ethel, what do you think—is Beau Braxton the"ghost, or not?”’ “I confess I. do mot know, uncle. Perf haps if he again turns up we will be.ajjjy to discover. But can nothing he done’ for Lieutenant Seaford and Scout 'Cody,’ sir?”. . . “Alas! I fear nothing,.EtheJ; for what can we do ? ' We have no Indian .braves as. prisoners whom we" can exchange for them; and nothing could buy their freedom; for the recj-skins would father have Cody's scaip than the scalps of a regiment of soldiers. I feel that my hands are tied. We can only wait to see what will be done by the Indians with their unfortunate prisoners. 'But,' see, we are going to have another snow And the colonel was right, for as night came on the snow began to. fall,, and when the morning dawned it lay.a foot deep upon the ground. ; ■ - But there was a surprise for the-sen tinel again - at the main gate, as there •was a trail to and .from it in the snow. Upon the gate was. an- envelope, fas tened with a pin, and it was addressed to Colonel Fefris. .Quickly it was- carried to the colonel, who.opened it in.haste as he> recognised his former weird correspondent’s writ ing, and read: “The"three scouts have been put -to death by the Indians. Lieutenant Sea ford and Colonel Cody yet alive. Iteep constantly on the alert. . “THE GHOST OF THE HAUNTED FORT.” • There was‘no more, and it was-written in the same’: feminine hand as before. \- That was all. 