OUR MELBOURNE LETTER, j (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENt.] July 20. "Quiet reigns in Wiirsoii," the ex Polish capital being represented by the Parliament of Victoria. Since my last proceedings have been "duller than that lal weed which rots itself at ease on Leslie's of him f," and the Premier is almost entitled to a distinguished service medal for staining on Wednesday to put some inquiries into- the loo taste- less polio. Sir George being Hi only in the saddle, and feeling as if he had got a hen on office for all time, is not quite so for being big and patient as he was aforetime. He is more apt to live upon little prorogation, and at times even to create 01 imagine prosecution. Therefore reconsidered that due deference it is not paid to his desire that the Undesirable liiimigi.intH Bill should be passed Hist and discussed afterwards. He simply wanted it I used the Cough before the ntl jam patient on health ]?? milk', "and bill must pass that Ministers may Hill. Hut Mr Madden faithfully withstood him, declaring that it has seemly to know something about it but you ii ei e i equal i d to Mr allow. '1 Sen Sir George fluted up by declaring that it was a most extraordinary proceeding, and he hoped the public outside would take notice of it. Having thus sjioUen he adjourned and went to dinner, but only to be solemnly lectured on the resumption by Messrs. Madden and Mr Ray Smith on bit studied discourtesy ;" like unseemly and unjustifiable conduct. For all these sins an apology was demanded, but as the Pi Julie! Hoobin t come down, the Incident fizzled out in the harmless continuance of a harmless debate. The bill is still in bets Mahomet's coffin is supposed to be, but the educational test clause has gone. The paysheet of its possible iijijilicotion to a member of Parliament was too much to toiileinjilatf, and so it went by the board. -About the only other matter that caused a languid Intel est was the effort of Mr. Higgins Rogers returns to the lil. rate for city K'tteis. This Mr. Dulles, Hit' P.M C, ojijiost's, on the ground that he can't all-in d it, and that If be made an exception in the case of Melbourne he would have to doll all round. Therefore, the chances are that Mr. Henniker Heaton will succeed in untying his ocean penny post before we get a city penny post ; and meanwhile even business firm in the place in) s au cn and boy from 5s. to 7s. 6d. per week I Hit' chief duty of small boy being tossed blessing to the firm many times over by debarring all letters. Postalnllairs suggest telephone matters, and you will be interested to know that the sixpence- in the slot so that no change, machine is regarded as a success , so much so that the department Is thinking of buying the material if it can be secured at reasonable late. Tbeajipuia bus lines and at three months to nil, and was handed over £1 19s. 6d., despite Its most unofficial knack of gh ring back his (Id. to the person whose number is " engaged." No doubt it will be levelled up to depart incur first ambush in tins jiaiticuhu,and will then be jit'iiiiauentli established as one of our great public conveniences. Speaking of telephones, there system blew ing at Un Exchange which threatens to blast Mtt'oi Cutts is in his plenitude of view of and reduce him to the condition of the mixing, distracted mud oyster Time and about 30 switch girls those who have hitherto used the official) receiver and transmitter Now it is proposed to fit them up with a license which shall be held in permanent placed the car by bands round the head, and a transmitter Used to the breast b) shoulder straps and a waist- band This gem xxlllgtveuxcix gin close resemblance to a much muzzled and secured) belted dancing beat The advantage is the great one that it leaves both hands free, but the girls mc fm tons 1 hex x owe their vx III never submit to be so belated and is added, that the thing is hideous, heavy, headache or eating, and altogether unnecessary. Major Outram thinks otherwise but if this idea is persisted in we shall have another war of the Austrians, 61 the switch service will become the most unpopular in the colony The team Civil Service female reminds me of an ad I saw last week in the agony column of the Aye. Here It is FOUND, St Bei mud, female. Knot claimed the cedars sold pay expenses Mrs Friskin, news agent, Vmuni st, Abbotsford Is this what we have come to in these last seven (days of Illicit) and light Have we no Wilberforce No flat red Beechley s toe to kick this notice initials' back into the dark ages, out of which it has emerged { Great Gusto a ghost vFcnuilcs found and sold within three day is to pay expenses or is it possible that the fair Fi skin is of the same extremely) collect classes the young, the very) voting, society girl who, when she heard that the domestic cat had kittened, exclaimed, "You don't say) so Why I didn't even know she was in gaged.' Another ad In that agon) column is equally suggestive e in its xv it) is runs LOST, on Saturday, 15th July lower set of false teeth Bexxaid on iipiiliciitlou to Melb Ci select Club Haxetbev been selling Suva sponge cakes atthcMclbouincciickctgiouiid Ixxoudci I You see, Andrew Fleming was a giddy. gay) old bachelor of about DO who play ed the violin well) well, bang a capital tenor song and had a lovely set of teeth, over which his moustache pin ted when he smiled like a rather antiquated cupid s bow over a flash of peal 1 And coral Because of his musical gifts and general gallantry) Andrew was in great social request and one day he was inveigled into going for a picnic to the other side of the bay it was a pleasant day) , lunch was laid under the shadow of Miss Josie s Chignon-a vx oil known bold landmark gentle leader and with music, mirth and mild flotation the time passed men lix Then came the returning, and on the way Andrew was again inveigled, this Hint into trying a home made Suva sponge cake, which one of those fall maidens find manufactured vx 1th her own during) hands She said so and that fetched him Audits got his pen Is into it right up to the court, and and then there wtistioublc Its adhesive e property vviissimplx (diabolical It held on like grim death to a defunct Ethiopian Andrew wrestled with it silent) but powerful) for awhile, then, ample with agitation, he isosceles lessens aft, passed away for and, got under the lee of the staysail, and made a desperate effort to free himself from the of em ful thing At last he failed, but eventually, with the strength of desperation, he gtix e one fearful viz each, and away) flew sponge cake and dental attachment or of the laughing waters til) they sunk fathoms deep beneath the rippling tide When Andrew rejoined the Company he had a bad scenes, which never left him even up to the time he left for Sydney by the next mail boat, and when Andrew returned full) recovered, no power on em He could even coax him into again at 5 inga Suva sponge cake. But, bless me, what has this to do with Melbourne matters Nothing So let me hasten to tell you that the war worn and battle scars ed veterans of the Council of Defence me strongly) opposing the forms honorable Melbourne Scottish regiment They say that it is a reintroduction of the abandoned volunteer system that national corps in c not desirable, and that the whole thing is a mistake The Defence Minister is, however, disposed to pooh pooh the Council, and while it is certain that the regiment will be founded, it is likely that the constitution of the Council of Defence will be reformed. It is commonly declared that the real objection is to the kilts an sports on jihiliibegs, on of the kind of things, in which it ill so awfully knock the picturesque coal on the pipe of the khakee clad companies Su Chai has Holled Smith, the Commandant, is saying some nasty things about this question. He has half threatened to put the Melbourne High landers into Kalkee for the sake of and for mill, but touching the piper he admits that the Government should decide, since It will certainly have to pay him both literally and figuratively." Popular feeling is decidedly with the Scotchmen, and that being so, they are likely to score, even of the Commandant. I mentioned by nil last that the M Inter mcctiuK had netted a loss for the V.R C. Since then the annual statement has been published, and it is shown that on the fully cut"s transactions the club is about t 1,000 ahead. Real estate i allies In the city seem to be on the bungle, since there have been several exchanges lately at good prices. These lots situate in Collins street, between Sw Ruston and Elizabeth streets, that is, on the choice block of Um city's., on The Block bare sold for £800, £900, and £1,000 per foot respectively, and though these me less than half certain of the boom rates, they are the highest yet faces that have actually been realised since the collapse. 