ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL. BICENTENARY CELEBRATION. GRAND MASONIC DISPLAY. IMPOSING SERVICE. December 23rd was (remarks the London Daily Telegraph) a red-letter day in the annals of British Freemasonry, which gathered together in its thousands to celebrate the two-hundredth anniversary of the opening of the national Cathedral, and to commemorate one of its greatest and noblest craftsmen, the ambitious architect who endeavoured to build not for a time, but for eternity." Two hundred and thirty-one years have elapsed since its immediate predecessor, having been pro- faced by civil war, was purged by fire, and exactly two centuries since Bishop Compton preached the sermon of inauguration in the unfinished church raised by Sir Christopher Wren upon the ruins of Pagan and Christian temples. And Sir Christopher Wren, " this prodigy of universal science," as Evelyn calls him, was in every sense of the word a true master mason. He lived in a period of transition on the eve of the new era, and his every work was a triumph over the pettiness of the present, and a noble heritage and bright prophecy for the future. Freemasonry itself, whose origin is lost in the grey, misty dawn of history, was, like all things else, under- going a change. The genial old craftsmen who had reared aloft such stately piles as Cologne and Strasburg, and whose curious marks and ciphers are now being daily brought to light, finding it impossible to communicate the complicated rules of architectural art to all who desired to master them, had admitted to their society " accepted masons," who sought to translate into spiritual language and apply to ethicS and clean living the principles which had theretofore guided the triangle, the square, and the compass. This was the beginning of Freemasonry in its modern forms, and Wren worthily united both aspects of the craft in his own person. King William III., who intended to be present at the opening of St. Paul's, on December 2, 1697, was himself affiliated to the order, on whose rolls since then the names of the greatest and noblest of the makers of England and Great Britain have conspicuously figured. Hence the appropriate form of a Masonic ceremony which this bicentenary assumed. Over five thousand members of the craft, and three hundred grand officers repre- sentative men from all parts of England and of the Empire-were invited to be present. The tickets issued were in excess of the number who, it was expected, would really come, but these expectations proved delusive. For it is not every day that such an imposing sight can be witnessed, and from two o'clock members of the order, carrying black or yellow bags, containing their craft clothing, flocked from the furthest ends of the Empire to the various entrances of St. Paul's in a never-ending stream. The arrangements for the reception of these vast throngs proved inadequate, and the portals opened and closed upon small batches, while large crowds had to possess their souls in patience and their bodies in a very low temperature on the sidewalk and in the streets. Archdeacon Sinclair, in a letter to the representatives of the Press, expresses his " most sincere, humble, and heartfelt apologies" to all who were refused admission, and gives a clear and satisfactory explanation of the circumstances which led to this painful incident. " Indoors," he truly adds, " the greatest decorum prevailed, as it always would among a body of Freemasons. And the spectacle within was certainly one of the most picturesque and imposing ever beheld within the precincts of the Cathedral. All sorts and conditions of men filled the church eminent ecclesiastics, well-known statesmen, gallant officers of the Army and Navy, eloquent members of Parliament, of the Bench and the Bar. fashionable physicians, popular actors. University dons, Colonial celebrities, and journalists. Lord George Hamilton (Provincial Grand Master for Middlesex), Sir John Gorst, the Earl of Portarlington, and the Lord Mayor of London occupied seats near the pulpit. All the galleries were filled with ladies, whose hats, feathers, and ribbons were visible above the scaffolding in various parts of the church. The service was solemn and impressive, well worthy of the vast historic shrine in which it was celebrated, worthy of the genial master Mason who reared it aloft above the narrow streets and crooked lanes of busy London, and worthy of the ancient order which has successfully striven to solve old death-bolted mysteries, and to spiritualism Wren's art, and thresh to some useful purpose Time's neglected sheaves of truth. At 3.25 the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs enjoyed,' and were conducted to their seats by the Masonic officers, whereupon a thrilling processional hymn was performed on the organ by Brother Sir George Martin, assisted by Brother Smith, grand organist of the order. As the long lines of Free and Ac- cepted Masons, ecclesiastical, academical, political, naval and military, slowly passed up the church, it needed but a slight effort of the imagination to see the dust-covered shapes of the glorious past rise up from the "lampless void of eternal silence, and take flesh again in that solemn assembly, transforming it into a veritable British Pantheon. The Cathedral was filled with a dreamy, hazy light, athwart which all the curious medieval shapes and unwonted forms of flowing robes, bedecked with glittering jewels, appeared with a poetic softness ' which no mere words can adequately describe. The marvellous blending of hues and colours was unspeakably perfect, and imparted an illusion to the scene which fascinated the eye and fired the imagination. Here a member of the House of Peers sat, solemn and sedate, there a Provisional Grand Master, with a large oval head and flowing beard, and then a venerable eccle- siastic would move slowly up the isle, his broad chest covered with quaint scrolls and mystic symbols. And these were but a few of the shadows of the long-forgotten past evoked by that remarkable congregation, whose craft, clothing, and quaint badges suggested the ghosts of old beliefs. A very appropriate sermon was preached by the Lord Bishop of London, which had a telling effect upon the collection, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to the completion of Wren's work by mosaics, for which £100,000 are needed. The psalms and hymns, which were chanted the sermon preached, and the entire service from beginning to end, all tended to inculcate the one great truth which has remained unchanged throughout, the centuries from the day when Solomon's Temple was first opened down to the present moment, and which is the true corner-stone of Freemasonry : O brother ! fold to thy heart thy brother ; Where pity dwells the peace of God is there To worship rightly is to love each other, Each smile a hymn, each kindly deed a prayer. 