AFTER MANY YEARS, OR FOR A MOTHER'S ACT, CIHAPTER XXIV.-(Continued.) The Colonel clasped her tightly .to him. "Nonsense, nonsense, my darling, it was nqt.hing but your fancy, or per haps your reflection oil the glass mak-1 ing a. Pepper's ghost .of you; 1 have seen the same appearance when look ing out of a lighted railway carriage a hundred times." "Do you think it was nothing else, really? Father, I don't want to die now I am S? happy." 'I do think it was nothing else, my foolish Trihy," and he bent over her and kissed her fondly. "Pala,;" she began again, like an only half reassured child, "I hope you are right; lut-but I think something is going to happen."., Both started as a sound reached them; a cry of pain, subdued; mufiled and wealk, yet telling 'o human Suffer ing. lbe.trix clutched her father's arm and loo:ked with blank dismay silently at him: "Let me go, dear child! I must see what it is." "I can't. be left alone, Papa, let me go with you." "No, ro, darling, you will catch cold; I would rath'er go alone," and he passed out quickly, closing the door after him. What. was it that seized upon his heart with such a deadly pain? What sent the. blood through his veins with such a rush as to cause him to lean for a seconul against the cottage wall to steady his shalking limbs? What had Beatrix .een? Was it indeed a warn ing foretelling that lie was, to lose all that life held for him? If so lie prayed that he might not be left behind alone. All this passed through his mind if' a very much shorter time than it. has taken to read it, and then theire rushed through h is brai n another thought, one that seemed born of madness or deli rium. Yet this sober, white-haired man sprang forward as if a boy in the wild excitement, of ihat th'ought." "Good ]Heavens!" he cried out, "it Is impossible. .luliet, Juliet is it you?" 'IThere before him stood a. tall, slight 'nrm, loking at him in theo noonlight tl Juliet's eyes. For one moment he stopped and gazed at. her, spell-bound; and the figure, uttering a. low moan, fell for ward prostrate on the grass. It, was but a moment he hesitated; for that brief space it had appeared to him that it must be the spirit of his dead wife brought, to earth. le warn.liiimu 'of some danger to their child; but. the moan had come fromn mortal lips, and in an other second he was by the side of the insensible woman, who was lying on her face, cold and moti'opless. When Beatrix had been shut into the room by her father, she went to the window and looked out, but the shrubs hid everything from view, and she gazed upon the leaves with the desire to penetrate their darkness strong upon her. She had heard the call upon her mother's name, and the moan that fol lowed it, and she could bear no more, but hurried out of the room, along the passage, and into the garden. There she saw her father'kneeling on the ground calling upon the name of her dead mother. Wuhat did it mean? She dared not advance, yet it was mad de'ning to, stand there, not knowing. "Juliet, Juliet, my own wife-speak to me-it cannot be that you have come back only to vanish away again." Beatrix was seized with such violent trembling she could hardly stand. Her teeth chattered as if with the intensest cold, for a while she could not move. In a moment she had understood it all. It was her mother; she was not dead after all-the stars had mocked her, yes! they were mocking her still. Her mother had come home! The mother on whose account her lover had once deserted her. What would he say now .when he heard that she was still alive. A dead weight fell upon her heart, and it throbbed with cruel bursting throbs. He had left her once before; he would do so again, and she stood there with no welcome for her mother, while her father was looking fondly upon the wife he had loved, lost, and regained. With a loud and joyous clash the bells pealed out tlheir Christmas chimes from the old stone tower of the church, and with their sound peace came into her heart, though tears were in her eyes. Heaven had sent her mother home. He only knew what she had done. It was not for her, her child, to judge her. He too knew what she had suffered, and He had forgiven liher, and sent her home. He would not have restored her to her husband if He had not forgiven her. It was clearly her duty to stand by her mother now, epin if for her sake she had to give up all that made life best worth having. Very quietly she . crept up to her father's side. He had raised the insen sible formn.in iris arms, and was pre paring to carry her into the house; he started whea Beatrix spoke. "Papa, had you n'ot better bring mamma in at once, as she has come home?" Then stooping to look at the white face in the moonlight, she exclaimed: "Oh! father, she is dead!" Colonel Beaumont hastened in with his burden. The excitemelt ootf.tlelast few minutes had s'o unnerved. him that, powerful man. as he was, he quite stag gered beneath her weight. Beatrix slowly followed. But a fewc moments since she had regretted that her mother lhad returned to her as it were from the dead, know ing that her resurrection, would blast the best part, of her life; but now thmt she had looked upeon that mother's face and believed her dead, her filial love came surging to the surface, and there was no sacrifice she would niot have made to brini her back to life. To gether they laid her on the sofa in that bright little room, and lBeatrix rubbed thie deadly cold hands. \- .Good ?leavens! how this she was, how poorly clad; surely she muist lve .ied of starvation. .p .upa," whispor] d "eatric, "is she oite, quite gone? Can't we briug ler i bael again? Oh! how she mniet have : "1?hese words broughlt to Colonel Beaumont's mind the necessity for nae $ Alo m and he went at oance to fetheh brandy, while Beatrix wrapped her warnm fur cloak around the sufferer and drew the sofa to the fire, and upon her father's return they moistened her lips with the brandy, got a little with a spoon between her teeth, and rubbed her hands and chest with the spirit. They were rewarded for their exertions by a sigh, the sign of returning life, and Bentrix iknew that. her mother lived, and that henceforth her lover would be dead to hrer. (To be continued in our next) 