ADEUNA'S__PARLOUR.-' - AM Adclina's .hus I i bund, Iwnrit lo a tell you sboutber; y 1 am talking to 1 you tnon, ai>3 this j is to bo a secret j . iiinong usrfqr if< r 4, 1 tlo ladibs should , find; us "ouri fit ' Would get 1 :lltu \- laUL'h (ill (!!(! TAU kiuiiv, and ) doii'l wnut to bu.ldugbcd ati'uflpuu- isliyi»y a woiniiti. ' . \ ' < . A lil t le lustf than n your ugolns I was leifiuroly ritlinu liumu alter bimkiug. hour., lYfrienit'ftnid, 44 Wqr ijerc. Gail,, old -boy. you uro nearly if not quito, £5 yusrs «of » gu—jou musti gcit nisfiiwl.'l . i My.-bair rnsb'uncuil-.Rt tbubhrn a.8Cit!3D,.for I wits yury muoUrDfrnid of the firir hux.T1 . li Cnrl, why doiJt you gut mstrisd ?'. i'Thlo wss Fi-r>tn iim thor riienil, k lady. v" But I C'Eitv sbiveru:), And ' diovo avray from hur.Y V . Wilton, old lul.golm&rticd;, nud.buyujour flbirt tailtons BCiVTtid on . . , ' i ''' : Wns'it a rou8|»ir.»cy f. " Every srennd mnn ftaid 4 get married,'' nud every llfiitl Womnu looked. But as I- could not call to mind a .Hiuglu rouidun who hud driigi<s on my liberty I said 44 go'lnug to tbe boise, arid ytt'I must cunffrtfl that tbout;h-l bnd had n iuvrimdm- atious tewstd inaliiinony, 1 hud never hufore buin to mnphslloally im|iri>sc(l with lh(M'.h<a as now, and bidoiu" I had driven anolhui half- niilu i madu up tuy mind lt» g» and sr o my old ml, l-'rcri Weils, wl.o hud been married Oyu imppy years, and Iny the case privately before bun, which 1 did. 4 Yes," be said, glowing like a linhv, 44 in. all 3our gfctlitigs gel a wife, aud .rou will bu tbu happiest mortal thinsidutho Ai'ulio niuus; and I'll tell you prerirt'ly bow to du it. 1'ut ou your cmiraqe and go down to the town clerk, trot out your dollars and buy a marriage lici-nto— " But I have tm eirl !" 44 Gitl, girl ! Kootensu ! Don't yuu know roine hkely young ludy ? MVll, I thought you did. Nov/ hiko my advice. Turn your hone's baud around; purchnso tho nquiiml licMise ; thurst it iutu your innur pocket, uud without slopping to look in the glu.sti (f(>r if you do it will hcnro vou out of your notion) ririvo drructiy to AdaliauV. Mow did 1 kuow 't Ooufnund it, tiisrriel rmiu cun sue u lliiog <-r Itro. You lovu Adelioa Hoitou— dou'l; deny it— hut yon arc afrnid to lull bar so. As boy mid t;itl together youuHud torlrdodown hill on tho snnxjhln.l, and if j'oll (iiihi't look love, turd if ull didn't go as merry as a marriage bi-ll my nnutti isn't- l'red Wdhi. But she's tuUtocrsticqyou'ro nristoui'itic, and go you ore courting &t; arm's length, going licnoidiug ,<0 decorum, to cliquutte, auu nob tu love. Now try my plttri, aud if you do uot como out rviunor tleri I don't' kuow htmum nature. Why, .Curl, if Ihu women bail tho right of suffrsge, of franchise, iu other wordr. had the right to pruposo, thuro wouldn't bu uu old bachelor ou the face of the uartb !" , I laughutl aud drovo awuy, little drertthing what wus to Uspppu not. only in thu next few hours but iu the ut-xb few yours as well. But hit or miss 1 resolved lo luku Fred's advice, uud it 1 were rejected go. and hang myself. Tho young clcik smiled us 1 puid hi tn for the marriage license. I gritted tny teolli and muttered, Nuver mty diu !" But I confess 1 did not apply tbo whip very vigorously as I Lurried my ijqI>1o boast in tho dironlion of Mr. Horto.n's hotiso, and I aotuull.v believe 1 nboultl .have been morn than pleased if ihu steed had gone in auolber direct iuo, tveu lliough hu hid run away. J kept un, however/until the ubode of John Hortoii lboorcd grimly aud foiobodingly on iny.visicr. .Upvas ut tbio j'uuclure thnt my heart beat a loud tuttbo against thu walls of my broust, uud unconsciously my hands were drawing in on tho Iiues'wuuu a cheery voioo said. 41 Call Wilton !" und holding up I behold old Mr. Hortou hurry ing towards mo. 44 Hullo, Wilton, where you bound I gurgled and spluttered, but umnugeO to say that I was out tor n little iccrsstivo drive, and us 1 was tending in tho direction of his housn wouldn't bo rido with mu ?. Yuo, ho would. I lot tbo hot&u; wall:, fur hsro was u uuwdilrmtau. 44 How's banking these days ?" 44 Fair to iqiddhng." . 44 You- don't como to see us. IVhcn you and AUcIina bundlod off to flchool'together I used to sob eiorc <»r you. iStrango how young people drilt upiirl, how (buy forgot thu old asso ciations, the old tumiliar .luces. Why, do you know it. "Wilton, tuy wife was ruy schoolmate ? Bctlur to murryBomo ouo you have kuowu all through childhood. But here w» utv. Than I: you for the ride, Mr. Willuu, and I shall bo only too glad tohavo jr>u stop to tea with us. Wu out elf of fad chiiru. 1 ttll you, C.-ul, this is ono of tho uges ot the wo: Id. Wu iuu clcur up to cur itcoks iu fads und leuhiric&liti.; Como, tbu coocbruuu will gcoom your horso." And I wont. . Tho old Ronllomiin wus putting (ho finishing touches to everything, uud t-onmhow- he man aged to leave mo alotm with Adrlrim iu the red pot lour. Alter rorninisceuccs of schooldays 1 managed to let my litcuso paper tall to (be Unor. I - will pick it up for you," said Adolina ; and shu did. . Bbe scorned to know tbo document. Her eyes opeued wider. Blinsuidi , 44 A marriage licence ?" 44 Yes;" 44 iudued ! And who is tho lady ?" 44 You ?" It said itself. I claim to-day that I was uot responsible, 44 1 ?" I msdo uo reply, Sbo lookud at me steedrly for u full iniuuto. 44 Well, Carl, I have loved yoii over siueo wo used to go sledding together ; srnl here is my baud." 1 took it ss oue iu a dream, muuli the samo us I would huve tulotn u puinp-handlu ; Imt theio is uu denying that I . was thu beppiest banker iu all Cbristuudoiu. And I em lieppy now. But —I bavo been married something like a decade — and— Wi ll, I want to toll you about Adelinn. Adolina innuns of nobis birth uud'u prinosss boru ; and 1 say ptivate)yto you married weu (for -murtiod. irun am kenp seocots) that my .Adeliaa was u Hpoilud child. Bho bad nnitber sinter uor brother, and mo bftr paruuts com- moiicod Bpoillug her curly in life, inrl hh near as I oau lrnrn tboy rriudb-uu unqu«lifior) success (»f it. However, -Ididu't'knuw shu wua spoiled until 1 married tier. But tnuin's thu word. You have been tlicro—eh? ' _ ihu trouble was Morabtbiug Uko Ibis Ado- liuu woo brought up in u spotless way. Sbu-was brougbt up ou tbu outskirts of u spotless par lour.,, Notice tbo itulics ; they iuo not for emphisis, but as littlo romiuders of tbiugs tbut preceded and followed iu uiy cast. Now if Adoliua, noblo been nud a pi iucyks bora, wus ouco or twice iu a ycur seen iu tho grout (dugout purlour, u fly uuver was, tit least novor hut onco, and tbe parlourmaid lint bur rituutiaii as the result. . Ther«kf(er the files, to a inau nf lhum, understood Unit thu pirlonr wus forbidden ground, aud the pailouruiuids wuro hired cou- diiioiislly. v 44 When a .fly wdlkn Into ray. parlour, Mrs. Sigouruoy to thu contrary uotwithotaudiug, tfie parlourmaid will receive her dieohargo pupero instftutor." > \ Whon Adelioa - married mo, aud wo -utored iuto our new . aud eleguut huusi, the first thing sHh did'wos to choauout W fly; aml-tboro was a Fort-of.uimriUeu luw that ho or sho who lots, a ; fly cross oiy threahold Bholl bocxcuiumunicuted and uBtrrcisod at uuco.- Nuw if 1 uujoi'od anything it was a good smoko iu a good plscu, with all thu conditions' and ot out eras oMoungiug chairs, ousy.Bofas('oir paintings, Turkish ruga made in England, with my slipperod'fcut at an angle of ISfiugs. oil tbu munfcol or tbo wbat- nnt. And so, whon tbo .thing was complete, aud ray d&arost; Adoiinu looked auicn sud raid ar-roun. I coudu up my miud that I would dedieuto this Tr nnyflotiiau pulucc Oi art 'by lmviug u good smoke in tho vpurlour. But before doing this I bold a silsoA and secret consultation with the nearest fly ; 1 ussumt-U the poisonulity of thu spider, and said : 44 4 Como iuto my parlour,' fluid thu spider to tbe fly, 4 and I'll show you- tbe prettiest parlour that evor you did spy,'//— and tbo fly emme, Jerusalem 1 I thought Adolina would lmvo a lib ! And wheu that unhappy fly, iuuoosnt as a new-born bahe, . finally succumbed tobcrou- slaugbts I bad to run for tbu smelling salts. I ubafml bcr long und olnsnic hands. .1 sym pathised. But, quoting Sbnkospesro cousoleuce makes cowards of us all. >T.Iet that martyred fly-bear all the blamo ;;aod— I didn't araoko iu the parlour, I didn't eveu try the kitchen, for that, too, was'-liko the modccu stable, spot lessly- olean; As for tho wood-shed, it was alto gether out of.tbe question. Them's where i would goto commit suicide, uover to riu'okc,".' Tv om_not. a..nar, am! I never told any bnlda hoed tu .'go up,' nnd I never said to a Woman you're another ; bub it's tho gospel truth— modorn gospel— tlmb tho summer fly know my wife by hoatf, uud tho fall "fly, aud Tenuyoou's blue (ly, tbul.buxr.ed in tbo window pane, und I belitve the truditiou .camo down from fly to fly, generation after generation, that my wile was ,a (ly murdert.flfl ; and it umy bo un optical dclu sioii, but 1 have seen professions of flius filo past our hotisu on thtir way to some surer Mecca. ' The fly quftitiou was settled. .. God ban culled man a responsible hiring ; but AfU'liim busn'k, The scrvunt uot mo at t)ra doriF with my;' slippers." I expccted'evcry day ! to'lio' ton rron ltd bynbarbcrwith well-doveioped ; Iqnsorittl ttbtlilitfs ; bub not yet, ftly wifn; ami' I nnd Uiu bouse were ss spntlei-s us though wb had all. just fllhloutuf Edi ti. . I wauted to sit' up and e njoy the fuct that eloauiiness wus pext lo godliness. ; bub- it "wasn't. I wus goiiig to- wnrds Hides iu Huvcu-lcaguodioots. This didn't woiryiun, 'i had a eouscieucu 'soinuwbers in niy couscinur. being. . 1 could a'djust myMilf to iicvV tod varying conditions ; but thu littlo iuno-. eootCarls what of . them ? Must thuy play in tbo wood#lied, pull efftheir boota.wheu thoyoamb into tho liilciion, 'aud change their clothes when Uioy emno iolo thu parlour ? Whon tlin firHt little toothless, shapeless, rod- raced C/il smiled, or ttiud to, nud yelled at tbo flouio liuicql said to myself. 4,Tho liies aud J wi'l hsvo a holiday iu rny lady's parlour." But no ; hotw( mi tbo baby's gsup tor existeuce uiid itsyulln, Oliver Twist-like for uioro, uiy wife's faint, motherly, voice would articuluto some thing about tbu sportive fly. and tbo purlour. . . Well, the baby giew— a natural law. It could not help it, and one day it bad a tooth. Then 1 didn't liiivctirue to work even iu tbc shed. I :nn nf a mild tUflpusition, uu unbuiievur in prolauily, hut 1 Iboughl . of by jingo, Fil- bo jiggeted, uud tbo deuco. I suid nolliiug, hbw- uvi r. I bnd como as nt tho cry of fire, f was willing to submit to tbo first tooth, tbc croup, Miylhiug, until tbst baby should walk, fori wanted to see it walk into tho parlour. But whuu it walked it didn't walk iuto too purlour. Mih. Wilton was always just a littlo a heed, a sort of udvar.ee guard. Now 1 bad longed for tlris ssinubahy, to see if it woutdn'L break dowu thu burrieis.betwcvii ino aud tho purlour. But no. JSho would let young Carl sir. ou my best ttauflcrs, on bur .silk dress, hut I'll wager my mci.'iiichuum thufc baby didn't know wo bed a patluur except by heasy 1 Wei), I gavo up tbe parlour, attended to bitnkiiig, uud tried to target thnt 1 bud u spot less vrift. The years rolled on, and thrco little Wil ton's graced our household, and grew iu beauty ridt by ride. But Ibe littlo Willous didn't get ou thu Willnu cut pet. lor tho firsb Wiiteu was act Id watch the flccouu, uud tbe &ccond; the thiid. I took groat pride iu theco lovely child ren, little: Carl; aix years old, u perfect picliiro of his mother, Uattic, four veurs, yea.u toddler —how much shu nucml/ltd mo, wilh her durk brown eyes uud three-cornered smile— nud tho pattern girl of girls; and obetub Ned, three years, thu linage of bis grandpa. 1 loved these innocent ctuutious of Uud, aud would have done anything lor them ; but l liutcd parlours. Not n chit ot theai know wo had a purlour. It was arrayed iu its glory ; it was a purndiso : but it wus only fur weddings nud fiimunls, for womim of iiiflhinn und luoit hclluw-heaited, but rurking in wealth. Evctything that entered thin suercd, icy prcciect wua artificial. I . used to think, 44 It my wife dies— God spnre bcr ! ibo is a noble woman, but all wroug, — I'll lmild u new bouse, ami every ' room shall be a IcHebtu !'' And with tbe idea (Irmly im planted ou .my mind I hurried off to my GaiiU- iug businesf. just a little put out with the silly and conventional notions of women. Why wou'fc womnn be a reasonable creature ? No, 1 cm uot talkiug of meu uow. .Later. "Wliy will women, reserve tbo only fluuuy. first-ulass room iu tho hounc for occasion&i; guost, with closed bliurls, so Ihut the sun will not fade tbo carpet, and with drawu out tains, so that Blis- ticfls Fly finds only an undesirable dungeon, a sort of Monto Gristo scpulcbie, uml dir.trcss ubaut every insignificant household triviality? Reiiliy, my walk to tbe haul: wus pcppeuul with staring iuterroguliou points. Every post 1 looked at was liko auothor lianquo'd ghost, full or uuarmwcniblu ijueriea. Ervry pafiscr- by,froiri tlio touriu-bfi&dtui; b&olbluck; up tu thu CrtcMis with beuul of formal cut, oud every judge fullof modorn iustnuces, seemed to look too through and tlifuugli, but they could nut uucwi.r my que.slious. My malediction 011 the closed put- lour, Ibe room only for weddings uud iuuurslc. You tnairii'd meu are not to tell your wives about I bio. I »m sioiply telling yuu of rny btuutiful wite, Adftlinu, 1 am not condeuming bcr. Kl.o was uot to blame. She was spoiled iu bringing up. Bbe would lmvo starod ngtia&t; had 1 told liar shows; uotdoiug all io this world for Ned uud Muttie ami Curl. Bui she was makiug gruven images of thorn, little preruaturn men und women. Aud she wus just us wic-Uui to herself, ftbe could not sit iu tue parlour, too uicc for a prince, without a eouslunt dread that sumotkiug dreadful wnuld happen. She cmihl not look at my Huphutl without imaginim; the bugs bad eaten off tbo cords, and tbo picture iu its great gilt frarao would soon crash dowu 011 the thousand guiuou piuuo. My batdring-bouso wusutsoch a distunco that 1 lmd long ago dibcuided tho pluu of coming home lo my ncou-day incul ; but oue tiling struck my a ttout ion more ami more every day. My wile was gaming flesh ; tbn colour of tbe roeu bud corno into her chocks, and she was commencing to laugh like a school girl, like tho tiiiweddedAdcltna uf my boyhood's sled aud tbo ul«i eiuutiug piucu dowu bchiud tho littlo red scbooMinuso; 1 wus surprissd, us she hud been a lily-pule bride ; in fact, a suit of hoiuc-pluut, to bu tenderly cured for lest she lado uiid die. We bad quite a park in front of our house with tbe sealed parlour, aod happening to be called hotno at midday soon after the wild roses begun to bloom iu ruy wife's pale obraks, 1 was struck by thu singular murlcingu iu thu park walk, I said us juticU to Adctiu ever dear, according to Goldy, tbut Irish lad of tbo lluto uml immortal English.. " Wb&t; dues it menu? Who has been ruuuiog a wbucluAirow up aud down my walks ?." Tho children stood iu a row liko a (light of Htuirs, f bail olleu compared chum, putting my hand on each Ueiul— Ned tall,' iJuttio taller, and Uarl tallest— oreutinp much sport, and in uu aside pleasing my wrtu. Adelinu luudtj no lelevtuit' reply lo'uiy question, yet sbo coloured u littU'.uml tlin look shu guvu tlio young Willoiis wus thu ouu sho improvised in bur pursuit of ihu last'pnrlour lly. ' ) wus not a jealous husband, but what I road on tbo four fucosot my family stuck iu tuy crop, as they say, and, like that bhakssporiuu ghost, it wouldn't down, liowovar, I hold my poaoo und hided rny time. But surprises wore com ing in quick succession, for only a fow days thcreufter, ou returning homo from tuy bunk at au earlier hour than iisunl, I lauud tho liviug- room, Iritabou, aud shed empty, uud was dutn- foiiutled lo liear;-a psrfect roar, a Babal of; voices, issuing from— Gruat bosveus ! Gauld it' bo y Yew, Ihe psrloar musl bu tho sceao of all this hubbub, immoderate laugbtur, ami family citeus ! Bteppiog to tho door lightly 1 carefully pushed it back, aud here is what I sow Baby Ned rut ou ibo piano, driving my Raphael with a pair of silicon cords for reius. Iu tbu - left- hand corrirr, as you cuter tbe ruom, Hatliu sat ou tbu piano stool with reius aud whip, uryiug, "Como up.Dobbiu," to u25-do)Ur chair, t>.e ouu 1 bad intended for my smoker; Iu tbootber. corner, on the right, Curl stood as tbo captain of the proceedings, n tul! paper hut on bis head; aud brandishing a awonl, ovideutly or harmless' tin. vAnd Adetina, Adelioa ! My lady-bird, Adoliua I My tender bousu plunt . My cul tured wife, my wife who reud intelligently Airs. Browuiug's souuotn from the Fortuguuio, who teemed to smile at tho aarioaturc .in tbo funny , puperr, who soldom Hughad out lojid, just n eullivuted littlo twilter, a sort of ounory-uird uffuir, she, iny most culluicd ami tendorest nf-all- human 'daughters of Eve, sat- ou tbu hack of my wedding prosout, a 60 dollu? obair, bcr . feet, on tbu seat, aud— shu.bad on bloomors. . . It was no ufte,'- 1 thought of" tho last fly, on. our great; nice, unused purlour, and . i col lapsed upd fell- dead faint right iulo tbis self suuie purlour, and earth was no moro, Ws it a shook? AVus'l dead ?" y. k : 14 Well, Carl, I am glad to see you better," And u gentle baud strokud my feverish fore- bead. ... < What does this raeau ? Am' I crazy or are vou?" - 44 Neither." .< . h After I terated— r-" . ,44I picked ybu up and carried you to this bed." ... 44 Great heavens, you couldn't lift a baby !",i- 44 No, 1 couldn't but can I" « How's that ?" 44 Well, GurlV I saw you weren't quito eatis- fled with mc.7No deuittl,. I read it in your fucw. I know you married me for a borne 1 didn't make it borne to you. But I had some excuse; i was brought up telsoly. To bare health, : rosy abceks,' and a v hearty laugh was deemed out of jaste with our Rue..- But I am a nother now; CHhoff more than 1'did.aud if raarq ariatocratio ladies, married .well, would heeoetp mothers, ami laugh mid rbniji.-uiid do so'mn bf-tbeir own work/tbey would feci hotter.' happier, und put tbo wild roaus in ' their cheeks as 1 bays doaq," 44 Just a word. How huru you clone it P" <rI lene'w I wus wearing dub from disuse, tbofli I ueedml cxorciso— that somebbitig mud Uo doue. Fo I did it. 1 bavo regsincd my health through excrciso— sweeping carpets aud riding 1 a biovcle," .. 44 Wbicb. made tho tracks in the yard ?" 44 Yes. - Ltfidn't-nTcan to deceive you, but I . felt vou would laueh at me." '. t 4\Ndt irOit of it ! "Ati'd I con smoke in thfi porlo'ut.?" . '-'W t .'/v.Ycfl, and dance a jig ou;tbe piano ; for the bicyole has'taught nib to bekk .womnu, tbo new wbmnii, and you bavo a triier.wife, tbe obil- dimi a truer mother.'/ V % " . I cau tell you moro abqut macbiuery .tban most men. .. I|ara reading /uature instead of Uopks'aboutnqnirv, und t qow a goeii wheel when I seo it. wdnt youVbseBuro oue w»i morrow, anjlwill/tqachyquito xidu it. Fil put clouruutp. your bbeelc?Hbht vou up grado 01? dowu,'Burd you'ircdra lirgdrboot/ I dw. And wljojt '.tho1 cbHrtrbq- ara> olVedpugb they shall . os cb|! have ,a'''wbv,9' ride away from tbodoulon, tho 'nurse, : aud romp iu tho .purlour ffio .purlour ris frame too good lor a'flunfriblq woman', aqd her':-.»cuiible hut>b»nd und ubildreu. Aqfl no; du.Carl, you may . (hank tho bicyc)e|1forvt)je rbses in my cbeeko4 thu common sonso. ui my; heart, for thu doing away wilh thousstiiln of 'foulisli notioufl, aud, best 'of all, for letting Ibo done children bu children a1. luofi .a5 nature iutemled teem to bej-for this ts tbe ! way to make a Liacdlu, a Finuklin, a Beechor, a Horned Greeley !'/ 44 Yrs. you little evolutionist; .'you Darwinian aorobubi; And Nod will.ibeictnne.uAVttguer# aud Cxrl.u Foe, and Hultie.a Fiit(i— < 44 And you a bicyclist."' v _ Reader; the lost I kuew iti "my;drcams that uight Ibe wholo Wilton ffamily . was 7 going around the parlour 011 ivbcels,. AdeUaa" first, f second, Carl third, Iluttie fourth,, and lUtlj Ned bringing up tbu reb'r, : :.i> 