Trart of a Tco, " ICOMtlETE rX TJii$-I$Sir£. ', - . . ' ' ; ; WILLIS STEELL, oorYWOHT. a. jf NE morning, as . Jjtik Jnmes Tithoringtou jSk was looking ovor 4 J i 1 tl W bouse, mall ho- 1 RH f?ra leaving for his I zje business office, lie I > i ' i 0i-l:n(r a.,Jr0H3 :L I'cgi.s- I :'\m tbred' . paokagc; B '3 Oponing the small Jj box, be was sur- 3V , :-. Ja. , prised and not a ' little annoyed by 7 " , finding under several rolls of jeweller's cbttpri a loug wiiito miliar' tooth;, "A hoapc,". bo -said,, and was, about: to throw, the unwelcome got away. On second thoughts ho wriipped it' up'again, returned it to tho box und put the Box in his pocket.; - „ He was glad that' lie had' done this when among hia iotters ho fouud the following ; ,-! &y.; dear ,'jiiri,— ! I am soiidiug you a retiiai'kable.tliiiig to-day; a!tootbi and I beg iind implore you "to put it somewbore in safety. Tu;o euro, of if for me, for God'a suko. ! I.oannot explain why I ask you to do this extradrdiuary thing, but it you will dine with mo fat /the olub'to-niglit I will tell you all about it. . But whethet I ever do tell you or not, for I dread some drcudful iuipedif mont, do not loso:sight of the tooth until you know that I am a corpse. ! : '! Ypur troubled friend, . - . . ''.Riohabd AYapswobxh."- "By Jove, a . most extraordjuary letter !'? exclaimed Tithoringtou. . 7 " ' Don't loso sight of the tooth until you know I'm a coi-pso.-' /AVoll, poor -old /Dick must lie ' dotty:' FU humour him hy taking tbo thing down town awl, looking it up in my safe, but if the. ghastly . object, is so liriporfaut why didn't he look it up himself 'i Poor old Dick!'? !;/; . I-. 7 : . . .." . /! . For lialfian- hpur.porhaps Mr. Titherington thought now .'arid ! then of .the. tooth in liis pocket, but by the time ho reached his office it bad gone oompletoly out of bis-.miud.-/ ,.He ,was very muoh, ocoupied all day, and it was only .when h"p .walked into the Reform Club and saw his friend Wudsworth sitting pale and gloomy in the library that be clapped his hand to liis vest pooket iuid felt the outline of the jeweller's box still there. You look quite 111; .old man,'? lie saidi taking' a cihair 'imd 'drawing' it alongsido of 'his friend. , 1 . , , ' ... , ' , " ' "Oh, I'm alt right physically,'.'! said AYudswortli, .adding with a sigh, 1 iny. trouble ismorital." ' ' . . ' ,;"I tliouglit so,'.' said the other. r , / -"No doubt you were surprired by my letter and, more so ,by the sttaiige packet?" asked Wadswoffb. !. . ."AVhy, yes,,, I was," said Titlieriugton, drawing the ;box, out of liia pbolcot, arid pro ceeding to undo its wrappings. ; . !. , . "Wadsworth uttered almost a scream- He jirit his hand on his friend's. " ' "Don't let me see it uiii," be begged; it was for that I sent tlie tiling to yon — only swear you've got it safe arid I will feel bettor."-,'. . ' - . . AYliy, Dick, if! you! feel like tliat, why didn't you throw tho tiling into tho fire?" queried Titherington, a little roughly. "Novor, never in the world," Said his friend i'ervonsly. " It must never he destroyed. Fromiso me thiit or else return it to me." "Now what is all this nonsense about?" asked Tithoringtou. "Lot's lia'vb it out." "Why, that's what I did,' oxclaimed AAtadswortb, " arid there is where all the trouble arose." " Is it your own tootli ?" , "No. God forbid !" . And Wudswortli shivered again. "AVliose is it. then? Go on with your story,- and then wo wifl go in to dinner. Perhaps you will feel bettor after 3-011 liavo told mo the Jam." . ' . "That is what I hoped," said Wadsworth, "but I beg you to have patieiice witli mo. Lust fall, as you remember; I was hunting in Pike Countj-. Tlie place is wild and -thinly settled. One day us 1' was walking through a yillago graveyard I stumbled-u'cross'somu- ' thing. I gave it a kick. und iny dog rolled it about bBforo I discovered that the objeot was a skull. I picked it up anil observed that despite decay everywhere else tlie teeth were still in the jaws and firm iind white. , Iii an unthink-, iugmoment I pulled out a big molar and stuck it 111 my pocket. That is the tooth I sent yon this morning: — / .' ! " Yes,', and, uu- thankq, for. it," gruiiibied : Titheringtpu.;. ... .7 '. " And from tliat tooth or .thb thoughtless extraction of it I date all my woes. . The same niglit "I returned to; .the city. I was very , tired, and after dining lato I went to bed. Hardly was tho light out when a figure currying a lamp in bis hand outorod my robin. Hp. wore a long black robe, and aftor sejtirig'dbwii tlie lairip he put liis band up to his jaw. in, a! way xviiich indicated aii aohing tootli." ' - . 1 AVho.aro you ?,'- askei). . .".f.Ypu'jl, 'find j out',, to your.' sorrow,', said lio.' 'Blit tinswer ma"av question' first'.' Wliy did you.stoal my, tooth. to-duy ?? ,vv. .. " 'Your tootli? /qriedl. '' , '.Ye8l',suid|he;!aiid moving his hand ho showod.mb ri bloediuy jiavity. 1 -Ho .even Spat blood 'iii . a! cuspidor nbar ' tlio . 'table.' ' ' You took. .my tootli ,in, a fit of wanton cruelty-,' said he, 'aiid I'vo gbt'to .suffefrbm its loss through' all etoriiify.' - " ' But where did, "tliis happen?' I asked; although I liegari to remeriibor. ' -(j ' Yuri.'.know .vei-y well,,' -said he, 'iu a comotbfy.at.Milford.' ; ' MAS ho, 'spoke I notioedr/with a, 'shudder blub fliimcs dart fi-orii his'eyos,' while tho lanip lie held burned snpojrallj-. , - , , " .; ' I ampxb'eedingly. sorry,' said I iia. soon us I could overbbm'e tho horror of this ghostly visitant,: ' but I Have tho tooth'still; and will return it, to yo.u,' ' Ho laid his hand— oh horribly, cold , and qlammy jt , felt Ifriand/qld 'mo. Baok in bed. ' It is too! lato: for that"'.said' hb ; 'ypu must ! tako care,; that' !that tooth is never dostrbyed or lost. ' If you ciirinpt' ' pradubo! it at a day's liotioo things will go hurd. with you. But; meantime, yqii owe' nib my revorigo. ' I muBt- havo a tooth of yburS in exohange,' - . " So speaking; ho produced a gigantio pair of fbroeps and, ...despito my. prayers and pro testations,' I10 hold mo .down and extracted a perfectly sound molar from the corresponding place m tho jaw wliericb I had taken liis." Hero AYadswofth- jOpqned liis mouth and exposed a. cavity in his upper jaw. "By Jove!" bxolaimed Titherington, evi dently impressed by tho evidence. 1 "Then the ghostly visitor, haring wrapped up my tooth und placed it orirefully in tho pooket of his robe, 'took up tho lamp and; bonding his heavy! brows on me, said: ' Mark mo ; if you over destroy my tooth I will take a terrible revengo !' '" "As' ho' uttered . tho last word tho light wont out suddenly and L was alone, the prey to horriblo misgivings. "That is four months ago," continued tho shakonman, "and oil that timetho possession of the ghost's' tooth has weighed ou ijio until- I can noithor but rio'r sleop. . Tho' ghost has visited mo twonty times since.' but lias nover spoken. The bvor-prcsent horror will end by killing me." ; "Why don't you go back to Milford arid bunt up tlio skull'?," Titherington asked, "thou yoii can restate tbis tooth, arid the ghost will bo tippqated," " Oh, I've tried 'that," said AYadswortb; "but it was a tool's, errand. Tho scattered bones had been picked up and re-consigned to a gruvo. Their being, biit at all was an accident. Of bonne, ihy.luok.to W arouiid" thb cemetery tbo orily day thoy we're disinterred." \ ' "' , Titbqringtqn bad no, more suggestions to Offer,, ,nnd, aftei' a stupid arid hurried dinner tho tivo riieri, parted, , . That' night, whether from his great interest in' the story hia, friend hud told him, or froin somo other reason, '.'Titlieriugton ' could riot sleep. After midnight ft' tooth ' in his upper jaw begun to ache frightfully. Ho endured it for an hour and thoe. almost crarod with pain'lio. rqta;rind drcBsp.d himself. .. . , , . ... ' "By Jove!" said te, '' AVadswortn's story hashad a bad effect on' iris.! I!ll:be seeing thrighostnext." ; - . /'-> Eta remcinborcd seeing a dentist's sign not fur ffjj AVadsivorth'g lodgings 'which read. " Open all night," and thero he betook him- aolf. When ho had .rung tho boll sovoral timos ho was -admitted by tbo dentist, who earnod a lamp m his hand.- Ho wore a long black robq, and no. sooner did /Titherington" see him than ho exclaimed : . ! " Wadaworth's ghost !"- : - V > c Tho dentist did not . appear siiiprisod, ,for bo Was used to strange exolamations, : but soon relieved bis patient without the necessity of an operation. ' -"Did you pull that tooth?" Buddenly asked Titherington, drawing the molar out of bis pooket. The dentist, looked , at it but conldnot sny. .Then Titherington described Wadsworth to him. " Hold !" said tlie dentist. "I remember tliat tooth and I remember the man who had it drawn. It happened four or five months ago. Ho oamo jiere at night suffering ex cruciating agony, but as I could not find anything tho matter with his teeth, which were all perfectly, sound, I was about to send liim away. He implored mo to pull that particular tootli and finally I yielded. '.'Aa lie was. leaving I was struck with something in . his appearance, and held the lamp before his eyes. It was us I thought. . He was u somnambulist. I had pulled a .perfectly. sound tooth at the request of a-man , who was walking in bis sleep! I followed him to his bouse, but was afraid to awake him." " , , Titherington related his .friend's story to tho dentist, nnd togetltor they went, to AVuds- wprtb's room. On seeing tbo dentist come iu the unhappy man shuddered arid covered his face with his haiids. Explanations followed, and tho ghost was laid.- What /was done with the tooth? Well, as it belonged to Wadsworth by the best claim in nature, it was restored to him along with good health aud cheerfulness: ' \ - 