CHAPTER II. \uie Phaxtox of the Poxd. \NE e-rening in' the autumn, when I was not yet eight, I sat with my father and mother in the parlour oj the cottage. The lamp was alight, and wo . listened to the mother reading aloud. It was a calm even- . ing: a very email air whis-^ - tared in tho • leaves of the trees; it was warm, and one of the two French windows, through tvhich yon stepped directly into the grounds, was wide open. My father had been toying for some ■ minutes with a tobacco pouch. He now slapped his pockets, looked at themantol piece and round the room, and then told lav mother to stop reading as he had mislaid his pipe. .. Suddenly he cried out,' I know where it is; put on your cap and go and fetch it, "Walter. You'll find it in its case on a shelf at the end of the eonservatoiy. I exactly remember now where I laid it down.' ; ' Couldn't you go ?' said my mother. 1 There is plenty of moonlight,' an swered ""ray father; 1 the boy will whip there and back; I am not going into the dew in my slippers.' I put on my cap and passed through the window of the parlour into the grounds. I will not say I was afritid, but it was an errand I had rather my father had undertaken than I. Some ct us are imaginative and a little fearful at night when we are about seven and three-quarters. I did not like the moonshine ; it made the bushes stand up like human figures ; the light breeze in the trees swept shadowy figures over the grass and the walks and the beds. .The conservatory stood at the bottom of the grounds, and wns a walk of a few minutes. 1 I was about to run when a black cat, , or it might have been a rabbit, darted athwart in front of me. I stopped "dead. A hush on the. left looked exceedingly like a man stooping in the net of taking aim. The noise of wheels in the road gave me heart, and I pushed oh, broke into a trot, then ran swiftly as for life. j- The conservatory was uncommonly dismal in the moonbeams; the glass was dirty and the light feeble, and the smell of tho bnlbs and flowers was earthy and vault-like. I thought I saw a man struok motionless by my apparition .whilst in the act of climbing a row of ascending ledges, many of which were vacant flower-pots. I stared with a •frantic heart, and scarcely prevented myself from shouting out and flying on tho wings of fear to the house; hut the thing kept very quiet, and I dis tinguished after a little that it was a coat spread with the sleeves extended. ,'rhe gardener's coat, no doubt, hut it was a very great shock. I easily saw the pipe-case, took it in my hand, and went up the tiled walk conducting to the cottage. This, of course, carried mo past that wonderful old pond I have described. Its slimy water shone in the moonlight, and lay stretphed in a sheet of pearl. The luminary, sparkled very clear in this part, and I was passing on, noticing .with my childish gaze tho vivid accen tuation the pearly water look from the black, rich, neglected growth round nboqt the pond, when I halted as though lightning struck. "What did I see? |Thst which you will not believe I saw, for who credits the relation of the .visionary? But I was too young to he a ghost-seer; my brain was too fresh and clear, the blood in my veins flowed with the sweetm-rs of youth ; there was nothing morbid, acting unconsciously'to myself, to coin for the vision in my head such a sight as had suddenly arrested my young legs as in a halt of death. It was the form of a young woman standing on the pedestal in the middle of the pond. The black growth beyond showed through her: she seemed to be formed of vapour which, lighted by the moon, sparkled like salt. I saw her face distinctly; it was turned towards me, and I can «iy (for I ought to know) that it was a face of sweet and touching v beauty, without sorrow, without mirth, n middle expression as it were, such as the face wears in thought when the heart is at rest. Her arms and bosom .were naked, but from her hipB. the sheen or silvery texture of which she .was formed flowed like a robe to the pedestal. And in my breathless halt during a light passage of the evening breeze—it was about eight o'clock—I saw the folds of her ethereal garment wave. ; I do not know what my sensations were;- it is impossible for me to recall or analyse them; I was too young. But I can certainly recollect standing and gazing with a feeling of awcj'minglod vrith curiosity and terror. The hands" of the figure were clasped before it,.and its hair floated'in the moonlight in a translucent mist; then imagining I heard'a ioetstep in the direction of the conservatory,- I ran with the speed of a hare to the house.. .--Boys.need .to run far to become hreathloss. , I -was" breathless, bht not through running. My mother instantly noticed the expression on my face, per haps in my enlarged eyes. ' "What is the matter; "Walter?1 sho asked. I went round to the table and gave the pipe to my father and said : ' There is a woman in the pond.' ' What's that ?' exclaimed my father. ' A woman!' ejaculated my mother. , I began to tremble, and without oiy ing, hut in a crying voice exclaimed, 'There'sa white woman standing up in the middle of the pond.' , : ' What has the child seen ? exclaimed my mother, looking frightened and directing her eyes through the. open window. ' Come here, my boy,' ,said my father. He felt my pulse, and told me to put out my tongue, ' He cats too many "of that old woman's sweets,' said he. ' Do you feel hot V asked my mother. ' Yes,' I answered. ' His stomach is upset,' said my father. 'Give him a powder-and let him. go to bed.' 1 v _ I thought it hard that I should he obliged to take a powder "because I had been compelled-to see what I had not asked to see, and could have prayed not to see. _ - ' I am not hot,' I said; ' there is a woman in the pond; sho is white, and stands in the middle.' ' Nonsense!' exclaimed my father. But my mother looked at me anxionslr, and seemed a. little scared. ' I have never known the boy to see ghosts before,' said she; 'why don't you go and see what it is ?' _ '; My father left the room .for his boots. He went into the grounds, and my mother'went after him with a shawl over her head, and I followed, hoping that the figure was gone, as it would frighten me horribly to see it again. We reached the pond, and my father said: "'Where is this white woman of yours?' ' The moon shone brilliantly upon the pedestal, and all was bright clear air there. The figure had vanished. • I tell you it was there,' I said, stubbornly: ' N ' He eats too many of those sweets, and yon must give him a powder. Nothing like a little gray powder to dispel ghosts,' said my father. , Nevertheless he went to the gate in the railing, which the gardener had kept clear of the growth, and peered into the-moonhright wnter and slowly cast his eyes aronnd as if trying to per ceive a cause for my hallucination. Though I was relieved by the disap pearance of the phantasm, I did not like to he doubted either, and I said to my mother: •It stood there looking at mo. It was all in white like a cloud. It had a face and arms, and I could see through it.' My mother made no answer. She believed roe; and it made her uneasy to think that I should have seen a ghost. ' Well, there's nothing here,' said my father, coming slowly from the gate. ' It is the effects of those heavy Mocks of molasses and butter: If the old woman sells him more than two sous' worth a week I'll charge her with the doctor's hill.' 'Come- with me, dear,' said my mother, and we went upstairs. • > ' Now don't go and make out that he has seen anything else but'bad treacle and cheap butter,' dried my father after My mother sat with me for some time after I was in bed, and rang the hell for a glass of sweetened warm wine and water, which comforted me. She easily saw that I was not ill, and stood in no need of physic, and this,"I fanoy, made her feel the more concerned that I should have seen the phantom.* She asked me if it was like, anybody I knew, and I answered no. Then she assured me it was an imagination, and never could have existed. Nevertheless, after she was gone, I lay awake some time thinking much of the apparition. I s^as a little boy, 'tis | true, but my sight was as-good, as my 'father's or mother's, and I had behold the thing, and could describe it; which certainly would have been impossible to such invention as I had, and there was j no wreath of mist in all the ,land that was going to repose in a shapeof beauty upon that pedestal, and look at me with neither sorrow nor cheerfulness- * However, the morning' sunshine despatched-the ghost out of my head, and neither my father nor mother re ferred, to it/ .. I was still at home, learning no lessons, doing nothing, ah idle. boy, with much—too much—time on my little hands. ■ I.went into the garden after breakfast and began to search in the ditch between the next field and our grounds for anything I could find. . I started a frog or two and "n young mouse. It was a bright, cool, windy day, and the land was piebald with the shadows of moving cloud." . "What do hoys hunt for when they get' into ditches, and' grub in and among hedges ? "What do they expect to find? Perhaps my measure lay in the hope of finding something. After toiling for, some time in this aimless quest, creep ing, pausing, peering, starting, I grew sick , of it, and came out of the tangled ditch. " , I now thought that. I would soil my boat in the pond, and went to the house to fetch it. A tall hedge divided the two gardens, and the poind lay on the other side of the hedge. I took my boat, which" had been mv mother's gift on my last birthday, and made for the pond, with never a th'ouglit of the phantom in my head. The gate stood open as it usually did. In the course of the day the gardener was constantly taking water from the pond. For some reason I am unable to explain, he had placed a bucket upon the pedestal; he contrived this. by means of a hooked pole. -. I knelt close to tho edge of the pond and pnt my. boat upon the water, but whilst I watched it gliding through a clear opening amid the slimy and weedy surface, I overbalanced myself and went head over heels. Though these are puerilities they are deep truths to me, and what now happened is the most wonderful circumstance of my life. The pond was deep enough to drown three boys like me standing on one another's heads;' I slanted in without a splash as' I suspect, and when I was under water I thought to myself, ' This is a dream !' Even whilst I thought, and very swiftly, for I must have risen soon after that first dive, I distinctly saw in the water, whether with my eyes closed or open I don't know, tho phan tom of the preceding night. It was a shape of mist, its face was close to mine, and" I very, well remember the ex pression, the look that, was not sorrow ful or smiling, and the, cloud of hair streaming off in the green obscure. It vanished in a breath,,and I rose with a bubbling yell close against tho pedestal, so close that I was able to seize the bucket, which I turned over .my head aud theii^ floated a few feet away in it. Tlicro was ho air in this bucket, and I let go and down I sank. ' I have the completest recollection of my sensations; there was no fear, nothing but a feeling of dreaminess, as if I lmd fallen asleep and should wake in a minute and. find myself at the brink of the pond with the boat in my hand. I rose again and splashed, and cried out as loudly as I could, for my throat was full of filthy water and weeds. . .. "Who had told me, where had I rcad, that if you go down the third time you do not rise again ? Tfis idea was pre sent to me when-I sank,: kicking out and struggling, hut the belief proved false in my case, for 1 rose for the third time close against the stanchion-irons. I grasped them, got my knees on to the edge of the brickwork, and rolled, upon the grass, where I. lay motionless as though I'd been drowned indeed, full of water, weeds, and tittlebats. . As I was afterwards told, whilst I lay thus the gardener came along. He had henid nothing. Ho crunched leisurely along the gravel walk, but on casting his eyes at the pond he instantly saw by the clearness of its surface that it had been swept, and in some way perturbed. He approached the opposite gate to look, and immediately catching sight of my floating cap and the boat, he shouted—' 3Iy God 1 Ho lies drowned at the bottom !' He shook off his boots and pulled off his coat, and plunged in manfully—a filthy header;—black-clear as the water showed where I had kicked and struggled. He swam well, and made nothing of that pond, having tho pedestal as a rest, and the brick wall within a kick or two of" his feet. • Ho sank and felt, and came ' up and blew, and emerging at lost half-drowned against the gate close beside which I lay, he saw me. ' Ah, God!' cried he, and scrambled out. I lay on my face and presented every appearance of death. - My face and hair were covered .with duckweed, aud my mouth was full oftthe stuff. Certainly in no fouler pool could a boy be drowned. After looking at mo the, gardener picked me up, and ran with me to the house. • My mother was in the parlour, in the act .of entering, in fact, when the gardener arrived, at the.'open window, clasping- my drenched figure to his equally drenched form. She shrieked on seeing .mo, and cried,* . 'Is he drowned ? Bring him in. Lay him on the sofa ! 0 Merciful! .My poor, poor darling '.' The drenched gardener talked as he laid me on the sofa, ' I do not think ho is drowned, madam.; He got out' by himself. I found him lying on the grass after seek ing for him in the pond. He should he stripped, dried, and put . to bed. Ho doctor could do more,' said this gardener, who if a fool in the presence of a ghost grew wise in the'face of calamity. ■ My mother rushed to the hell. , The servants arrived, and set np a howl on seeing me drowned as they thought. I was borne away^.to the kitchen, and whilst they stripped me before the fire, showed signs of Hfe. They rubbed me into a glow, and the streaming gardener recommended a teaspoonful of eaulde tie. More, perhaps, was administered, with good effect, for I was conscious before I was put to bed. This was a narrow escape from drowning, and from perishing after being delivered. My father was out, and when I awoke from a refreshing sleop I felt as well as I was before I made the plunge. My parents stood together looking down upon me. X opened my ; oyes and smiled. My father kissed me, and my. mother also kissed me passionately, and sank upon her knees by my bedside, aud thanked God aloud in a clear, adoring mother's voice, for His' merciful preservation of me, whilst my father stood looking on deeply moved. My mother then asked mc how. I felt! I, told her I wanted to get upi She would not hear of this, and promised to sit and read to me. . 'I'll have that pond..filled up,' said uiy father. ' I should have-foreseen this. It ls deep enough to drown a taller man than I.' . , ; I saw the white, woman again,' said I. My. mother started,-glanced at my father, then looked at me. .-. . 'The: white .woman of'-last night ?! i she asked in a tone thatnearly expressed terror. :. ..... ;■ ' ':' Yes,! suid'I: 'She was'in thewater, and when T sank she cauie-close to mc, and I saw-her face just the same as last night.' ' . 'Just the samef said my mother, scarcely concealing her superstitious alarm. .- ; - . '.'Yes, she was all white,' I. answered. 'What he saw,' said my'father, ' was the impression -left upon his brain by the figure be imagines ho has seen.' He . then said to me, 'Did you see that white woman-iu the water before you fell in?' ;^iV. -I' ' No,' I answered.. 'Did nothing invito youto plunge in?' /'I fell ihj' said I. : . ' • That's uhout . the amount of it,' said my father, ' and the white woman's a white lie. But that pond must be filled up, ghost or no ghost.' Indeed, of late I have often fancied it- smelt disagree ably.' • • After some-words he left my' mother to talk and read to me. , I was kopt in bed that day, . and was quite well next morning. ' 