[?] THE PHANTOM STOCKMAN, BY GUY BOOTHBY. "A remarkably charming situation, and as pretty a homestead, as any X have seen in the hush," I said. "You hare certainly worked wonders during the short time you have been in possession." It was a moonlight night, and Jim Spiccr and I were sitting in the verandah of Warradoona Station in Western New South Wales. Ten o'clock had struck nearly half an hour before, and, at a quarter past, Mrs. Spicer had bidden ns "Good night, "andbad gone off to bed. On bearing that I did not feel tired, her husband had invited me to bring my pipe and grog into the verandah, where we could chat about old times with out disturbing anybody. I had only ar rived that afternoon from Melbourne, and, as we had not met for more than three years, it may be easily imagined that we had much to say to each other. Years be fore wo had been on a station together in Queensland, had done two overlanding trip3 in tlie same party, and bad more than once tried our luck upon the gold fields in part nership. Then be had taken a billet as manager of a big station in the Far West, and I had gone south to Melbourne to give up the bush and settle down to the hum drum business I had inherited from my father. My surprise may therefore be understood when one morning I received a letter from my old comrade, informing me that he was married and had taken a pro perty on Warradoona Creek. He brought bis letter to a conclusion by telling me that if I stood in need of a holiday, and would care to undertake the long journey cut to Itio r.l ira Vio Ypfiiil.1 Tt nf r.nlt- mv»» Til<» .1 hearty welcome, but would be very thank ful for my assistance in unravelling a mys tery which up to the time of writing had baffled him completely. What the mystery was lie did not say. Now, as ail the bush world knows, Warra doona, despite the fact that it is on the direct overlanding route to Western Queens land, is one of the most unget-at-able places on the face of our great island continent. To begin with you have a 400 mile railway journey, then a coach ride of upwards of 200 more, which will bring you to the town ship of Yarrapanya, a settlement of four bouses at the junction of Warradoona Creek with the Salt Jlush Kivcr. In the town ship horses can he obtained, and with their assistance the remainder of the journey, upwards of 100 miles, may be accomplished. At the best of times it is a tedious under taking, but when the floods are out, or ou tbe other hand, in the summerscason, when there is no water at all, it becomes a pecu liarly dangerous one. To compensate for these drawbacks, however, when you do reach the station yeu will receive ns hearty a welcome as any to be obtained in the busie The property itself is a large one, and cer tainly the best one in that distric t. I lie homes tead_ is a neat bush building con structed of wood, roofed with biuiigles, and boasting on every side a broad verandah. It is built on the side of a hill and over- jcioks me plain tnat separates the higher land from the river. Away to tlie north, where the ranges trend in towards the creek, there is a narrow pass, through which come all the overlanding parties bring ing cattle from Queensland to the south. To the southward a dense alulga scrub com mences, and clothes tbe whole face of the hills as far as the eye can react. Across the river and lying some 30 miles due west is Yarka Station, where, at the time of which I write, resided Jim's nearest neighbor, the Honorable Mannadukc Chudfield,- a voting Englishman, who, after he had given his family repealed opportunities of studying the more frivolous side of his character, had been shipped to Australia, where it was confidently hoped hard work and a limited supply of money would turn liim into a staid and respectable colonist. "Yes," said Spicer, as lie walked to the rail of the verandah, and looked down upon the moonlit plain, "it is, as you sav, by no means a bad sort of place. As I shall show you to morrow, the station buildings are above tbe average in point of completeness, the run is well sheltered and grassed, the supply of water is abundant, and, as you are aware, we arc on the direct cattle route to the south. Moreover, I have got the place for a considerable period on exceptional terms. "I congratulate you most heartily. Now tell me the disadvantages; for I 'suppose there are some." "So far as J have seen, there is only one. At tlie same time, however, I must confess that that one is ouite big enough to out- weigh all the advantages put together. In point of fact, it was that very disad vantage that made me write to vou last week and endeavor to induce you to Dav us a visit." 3 % Now I eoine to think of- it, I remember in your letter that you did speak of some mysteiy that you wanted cleared up. What is it.' In these prosaic days mysteries, save in mining matters, are few and far bewcen I am ail impatience to hear what shape" yours assumes." While I had been speaking, Spicer had been leaning on the verandah rail looking down the hillside towards the river. Now lie turned, and, placing his back against one of the posts tliat supported the0 roof, regarded me steadily for some seconds. First and foremost, old man," he said, "try to bear it in mind that I don't want to be laughed at. I've got so much at stake that I'm as touchy on the subject as an old man with the gout. Tlie trouble I have to contend with is that this place is sup posed to be haunted. I know it's a silly sort of thing for a matter of fact fellow like myself to sav. but still the fact wmaina. ntil I a remarkably unpleasant fact it is." "The deuce it is," I replied. "And prav what is the place supposed to bo haunted by?" "By a roan on a white horse, who rides about on_ tbe plain down ponder." "Is this only hearsay, or have you seen the apparition yourself?" . "J nave seen nim on three occasions," re plied Spicer solemnly. "The first time was the week after I arrived on the place, the second was three months ago, and the last i was the very Saturday -upon which I wrote to you. But as if that were not enough, we liave been worried ever since our arrival | by the most dismal noises in the house it self." "What sort of noises do you mean?" ' "By all sorts, confound them. Sometimes by a shriek about midnight that fetches you up in bed with the perspiration rolling off your face; sometimes by moans and groans; and sometimes, but not so often, by a pecu liar noise that is for all the world like a human voice muffled by a blanket, trying to say, 'Save me, save me,' and not succeeding very well. As you know, I am a fairly plucky man, and for that reason I think I might manage to stand it myself; but then I've got someone else t-o consider. I have to tmnk of my wife. Under ordinary cir cumstances 6he is as plucky a little woman as ever made her home in the bush, but no woman's nerves would stand the continual strain that is put upon them here. You see, my work often takes me out on the run for days at a time, and I have to leave her aione. Female servants we have none, /not so much even as a solitary black gin When we came up we brought a woman with us from Mel bourne, but she only stayed a week and then went off with tlie first bullock team that passed this way. However, we man- :< '-< rl . hv nffnrinrr hie waves, to vet another. Slie stayed a month, and then said she would prefer to go off to the township alone rather than stay another night upon the place. We have been here five months and a week; and during that time I have had four man cooks, three chief stockmen, eight inferior ditto, and 10 liorse boys. As for a strange black, I've not seen one near the place since I first set foot upon it. The last time I was staying the night at Chudfield's place across the river, I tried to persuade one he wanted , to get rid of to come over and keep my own two boys company. His answer was significant. 'Baal (no) come up tills fella,' he said. 'Too much deb- bil debbii alonga Warradoona.' The long aud the short of the mat ter is, old friend, unless I can man age to put a stop to this phantom business I shall be a ruined man. All my savings are locked np in this place, and if I don't make it pay, well I must sell up and go back to Queensland and be a servant again instead of a master." "It's a nasty position," I said. "I don't wonder yon want to get it settled. Br the way, how long has the place possessed this sinister reputation?" "Only for the last three years," he an swered. t f T « it, AttUk MM A.M t Mp AIM AM MMM.MMI IS LBClU dllj SUi 1/ Ui SLfJiJ tU utlbQUul iUi it?" Spicer was silent for a moment. "Well, there you have me oil a tender spot," he replied. "Though I don't like to own it, I must confess there is a story." "Can you tell it to me?" "If you think it will help you to a solu tion of the problem I shall be" glad to do so. You must understand that about three years ago a mob of rattle camped, according to custom, upon the plain down yonder. They were on their way from Queensland to Adelaide, in charm? of an old drover named Burke, a worthy old fellow who'd been ou the road all his life. During the evening a quarrel arose between him and liis second m command From high words they came to blows, and in the encounter the subordinate got the worst of it. He pro fessed to be satisfied and turned into bis blankets apparently sorry for what he had done. An hour later the third white man of tlie party mounted his horse and went out to watch the cattle, leaving the other two, as he thought, asleep. When he re turned two hours later he found Burke stabbed to the heart and the other man missing. Do you remember, wheu you crossed the river to-day. noticing a grave enclosed by a white railing;" "Perfectly. I wondered at the time whose it could be." "Well, that's where Burke is buried." "Tbe phantom, then, is supposed to' be the ghost of tbe murdered man? What form does it take?" "It is that of an old man with a long grey beard. He is dressed all in white, and is mounted on a white horse, who carries liis head rather high. He holds a slock whip in his hand, and wears a white felt hat pulled far down over his eyes." '' Has anybody else seen him?" "Dozens of people. It drove away Jami son, the first owner of the place, and the original builder of this house. Williams, from Mindana, came next. He built the men's hut away to the left there, and clear ed out bag and baggage exactly three months to a day after he had paid his nuchnse money. lie said he would rather Use £5000 than slop another night on the place. Macpherson, a long bended Scotch man, ns bard as a tenpenny nail and about as emotional as a briekbat, came next. He paid his money, aud was not going io lose it just because he heard fuuiiy noises anil saw qiieer sights. But at the end of six months lie had changed his tunc. Money was no object to hitu, be said; he was con tent to lose every penny he possessed in the world provided he saw" no more of \Varra- doona. Benson followed Macpherson. He got the place dirt cheap, cattle thrown in, and, from what the folks in the township told me, seemed io think lic'd done a mighty smart stroke of business." "What became or Benson?" "lie returned to the south without even unpacking Ins bullock waggons. He has bought a place in New Zealand now, I be lieve. It was from him I purchased the property." "And the priee yon paid for it? "Would be less than a quarter of its value but for tlie Phantom Stockman. As it is, I am upset on an average three nights a week; my wife is frightened nearly out of her wits every time she goes to bed; and with the exception of my head stoekmau, ltutford, and two black boys, I can keep no servants upon the place, and in conse quence have to work my stock short handed, which is an impossibility. To put it plainly, either the Phantom Stockman or 1 must uo. I thought all this out last week, and tlie upshot of my cogitations was my letter to you. I know from experience that you've got a cool head, and I have had repeated evidence of your pluck. Young Chudfield, my next door neighbor, tbe man wboj for the sake of my company, has done uis level best lo persuade me io give the place a further trial, has promised to come over and give us a hand, and if we three can't settle tlie mysteiy between us, well, I think wo ought to pe ashamed of our selves, that's alL" WeU certainly have a good try," I an swered. "I'm not a believer in ghosts my self, and it will go hard with us if we can t manage to discover of what sort of material our troublesome Irieud is composed. One further question. Does he put in an ap pearance at regular intervals, or is he indis criminate in his favors?" "As far as he is personally concerned he is fairly regular. It is about the full of the moon that he appears to be most active, but the noises in the house go on at all I houra, sometimes two or three nights in suc cession. Then perliapa there will be a week's silence, after which we will be wor ried niglit after night, till wo are nearly driven distracted." "It seems a most mysterious affair," I 6aid. "And I can quite understand that you are worried by it." "You would say so if you had to live here," he answered. ' It gets on your nerves till you leel inclined to jump away from your own shadow. _ Now I expect you're tired, and would like to be ob to roost. Help yourself to a nightcap, and then we'll nave a look at your room to gether." I had leant forward to the table and taken up tlie demijohn containing the spirit — in point of fact, I was in the act of pouring some of its contents into my glass when from the dark house behind us there came a long, low moan, followed by a shriek that cut the still night air like tlie sharp tearing of a sheet ot calico. After that there was complete silence, which to my thinking was worse even than tbe scream. I sprang to my feet. j "My God, I cried, "what's that?" _ I But Spicer only laughed in a curious j way. . | "You are being introduced to our super- j natural friend," be replied. "Now you, know the sort of thing we are being con tinually called" upon to put up with." sut it sounded so intensely human, I said. "And yet, now I come to think of it, there was a peculiar muffled note about it that rather upsets my theory. One thing, however, is quite certain; it came from the | house, and I should say from the centre pas sage. "You are quite right. That's where we always hear it. But if you think there is anybody hiding there you're mistaken. Come and look for yourself." So saying he led the way into the house. I followed him. As be had said, there was nobody to be seen. The passage in ques tion was about 20 feet long bv 4 wide. There was a door at each end, and two on either side. It was well lighted by an oil lamp, supported on an iron bracket screwed into the wood work. The walls were composed of weatherboards, while the floor was covered by a strip of oilcloth, which stretched from end to end. Spicer lifted the lamp from its socket, and opening one of the doors on the left, led nie into the sit ting room. We explored it carefully, but there was nothing there that could in any way account for the noise we had heard. Having satisfied ourselves on this poinr, we crossed to the room on the opposite side of the passage.. This was my bedroom, and was unrewarded. Tlie room next to it was Spieers office, and save a safe, a desk, "a small cupboard, a chair and a row of ac count books, contained nothing to excite our suspicion. We passed into the passage again. "This room," he raid, pointing to the door opposite tlie office, "is onr bedroom." He tapped on the doifr. "Minnie," he cried, "are you awake?" "Yes," was the answer, "and very fright ened. IIow long will you be before you come to bed?" "1 am coming now," he replied. Then , turning to me, he held out his hand. "Good night," he said, "and pleasant dreams to you. It seems a shame to have brought you up here only to worry you with "our troubles." "I am very glad, indeed, that I came," I replied. "Arid if I can help yon to some solution of your difficulty 1 shall be still more glad." A quarter of an hour later I was in bed and asleep. If there was any further noise that night I . did not hear it. I was tired after my long journey, and slept on nutil long after the sun had risen next morning. When I did turn out I went into the ver andah, where I discovered my hostess. "Good moraihg," she raid, as she offered me her hand. "Jim lias just gone across to the stockyard, but lie will be back to breakfast in a moment." Many people might have been discovered in Australia who would have thanked their rtars that they were not the proprietors of \\\ arradoona Station, but there would have been few who would not have envied Spicer bis partner in life. She was a pretty brunette, with wonderful brown eyes, and a sympathetic, motherly- way about her that made everyone feel at home in her company, even if they had never seen her until five, minutes before. "I cannot toll you bow very kind I think you are." she said, "io come to our assist ance. You can imagine what a depressing effect this place has had upon Jim and my self. We have tried everything we can think of to solve the mystery, but without success. Now it remains to be seen whe ther you will fare any. better than we have done." "I am going to do my best," I answered, and as I said so, Jim came up the stops. "Good morning," he said as he reached the verandah. S hope you slept well and that vou were not disturbed by any more noises." "If there were any to hear they didn't wake me," I answered. "I suppose you hare not discovered anything that throws any sort of light upon that scream we heard last night?" "Nothing at ail," he replied, shaking his head. "But to add to the discomfort we are already enduring, our cook has just in formed mc that he saw the White Horse- man on tne plain lasi niglit. ami in conse quence lias given me notice that it is his in tention to leave at mid-day. He says he would rather forfeit all his wages than re main another night." "Oh, Jim. I am sorry, to hear that," raid liis wife. "Wc shall have great difficulty in getting another. We do indeed seem doomed to misfortune." Jim raid nothing, but I saw his mouth harden as we went in to breakfast. His pa tience was well nigh exhausted, and I sus pected that if the mystery were not solved 7cfore many days were over lie would fol low the example of his predecessors, forfeit all the money he had put into it, and sever liis connection with Warradoona. During the morning I gave him a hand with some branding in the stock yard, and in the afternoon we went for a ride across tlie river, hoping to meet tlie mob of cattle his men were out collecting. We were un successful, however, and it was dusk when we reached heme again. By the time we had turned our horses loose, and placed onr saddles on the racks, the full moon was rising above the ranges behind the house. On reaching the verandah we heard voices in the sitting room. That s Marmadukc Chudfield, I'll wager a sovereign," said .Tim. "I'm glad he's come over, for though lie's rather a namby- pamby sort of individual, he's not bad com pany. A moment later we bad entered the room, and I was being introduced to a tall, slim youth of perhaps eight and twenty years of age. His height could not have been much under 0 feet 2; his face wa3 devoid of heard or moustache, and boasted a some what vacuous expression, which a single eye- ?lasB he wore continually only served to m- ensify. He spoke with a lisp and a drawl, and if one could judge by his own confes sions seemed to have no knowledge of any one thing in the whole system of the uni verse. In less than five minutes' conversa tion I had struck the bed rock of his intel ligence, to use a mining phrase, and while I.liasl small doubt ql£ big .good nature tya? not at all impressed bj- bis sagacity. His station, Yarka, was, so Jim informed me; later, a grand property, and carried a large number of cattle. This success, however, was in no sense due to Chudfield s exer tions. To quote his own words, he icit everything to his overseer, a German named j Mulhauser, don't cher-know, and aidntj muddle things up by shoving his spoxe in, when it was no sort of jolly assistance, don t j chc-r-know. Cattle farming was not exactly . his line, and if he had to pay a chap to . : work well he'd make him work, while he , himself sat tight and had a jolly good time, ; with continual trips to town and friends up to stay, and all that sort of thing, don t , cher-know." . , , , After dinner we rat m the verandah ana I smoked our pipes uutil close upon 10 o ! when .Mrs. Spicer bade ns "Good night,' I and retired to her room, as on the previous evening. After she had left us there was a i lull in the conversation. The night , was perfectly still, as only nights iu the bush can be;"thc moon was well above the roof, and in consequence the plain below us was well nigh as bright as day. '1 he only sound to be heard was the ticking of the ciock in the sittingroom behind us, and the faint sighing of the night breeze through the scrub timber on tire hills behind tlie house. And here I must make a digression. 1 don't think I have so far explained that la frout of tlie house there was an unkempt garden about 50 yards long by oO wiueeii- closc-tt by a rough bush fence. In an lale sort of vav I sat smoking and watching the rails at the bottom. The beauty of the night seemed to exercise a soothing influ ence upon the three oi us. Jim, was just about to speak when Chudfield sprang from his chair, and pointing towards the fence, at which only a moment before I had been looking, cried, "What's that? ' We followed the direction of liis hand with our evts, and as we did so leapt to our feet. Being but a' sorry scene painter a don't- know exactly what words I shoum employ to make vou see what we saw then. Scarcely 50 yards from us, seated upon a white lioisc, was a tall man, with a bug grey beard, dressed altogether in white, even to his hat and boots. In his hand he carried a white stock whip which he bal anced upon his hip. How he had managed to come so close with out making a sound to warn us of his approach was more than I could understand. ' But this much was certain, come lie did. The time, from our first see ing him to the moment of bis wheeling his liorse and riding silently away agaiu, could not have been more than a minute, but all the same we were able to take perfect stock of "nim. "Follow me," shouted .Tim, as lie rushed down the steps and ran towards the gate at the bottom of the garden. Vi e followed close at his heels, but by the ti me we reached the fence the Phantom Stockman had entirely disappeared. We stared across the moonlit plain until our eyes achcil, but not a sign of the appaiitiou we had seen rewarded us. "That is the third time he lias been up here since I have had tlie place," raid our host, "and each time he has vanished be fore I could pet close enough to have a good look at him." "What beats me was the fact that his horse made no sound," remarked the Hon orable Marmaduke, "and yet the ground is hard enough hereabouts." . "Wait here till I get a lantern,'' cried Spicer. "Don't go outside the fence, and then you won't obliterate any tracks hemay have made." , , , , ,, , So saving he hastened to the house, to return m about five minutes carrying in his hand a large lantern. itu its assist ance we carefully- explored the ground on the other side of the fence, but to no pur pose. There was not a sign of a horses hoof to be seen. , "Well, this beats cock fighting, said tlie Honorable, as Jim blew out the lightand we turned to walk back to the house. "This is Hamlet's father's ghost with a vengeance, don't clier-know. I ra glad he never takes it iuto his head to pay mc a visit at Yarka. I'm afraid in that case my respected parent would Bee me in England sooner than would be quite convenient to him." To this speech Jiui replied never a word, nor did I think his remark worth an an swer. Ouce in the verandah we separated, bidding each other good-night, Jim to go to his own room, the Honorable to take posses sion of the sofa in the sittingroom, upon which a bed had been made up for him, and I to my own dormitory. I saw Jim turn down the lamp in the passage and heard liim blow it out as I shut my door. Then I undressed and jumped into bed. IIow long I had been asleep I do not know, but I have the most- vivid remem brance of suddenly finding myself sitting up in bed with the sweat pouring off iuy iace, and the echo of surely the most awful shriek mortal man ever heard ringing in my ears. Before I could recover my self-posses sion it rang out again, followed this time by a strange moaning sound that must have continued while 1 could have counted 20. Thinking this had gone about far enough I jumped out of bed, opened the door and ran into the passage, only to be seized by a pall or arms. I-ifting my right hand I took my assailant by the throat, and just as I did so Jim's door opcuod, and he came out, holding a candle in his hand. Then it was that I made the discovery that it was not the ghost's throat I was clutching between my finger and thumb, but that of the Honorable. "Confound you two," said Jim angrily. "What on earth are you up to?" "Up to?" gasped Chudfield. "Why, I heard the most villainous scream just now that I ever heard in my life, and eauie run ning out of my room to see what was the matter, only to be collared by the throat by this eliap. Then turning to me he con tinued, in his usual drawling way, "I be lieve you've half broken my neck, don't cher-know." "Bother your neck," I cried shortly, for my dander was up and somebody had got to suffer for the fright I had received. "Jim. did you hear tliat scream?" "Worse luck," answered poor" Jim. "I wj»Ji I could say I hadn't. What the deuce docs it mean?" there's a ghost in tliiB place I've got to sec liim before I'll be satisfied. And if it's a trick, well, I've got to find the chap that's playing it or know the reason why. When I do, Fll do what Chudfield here accuses me of half doing. I'll break his neck." With that I walked first to the door at 0110 end of the passage and examined it, then to the other; after that I tried the door leading into the office. All three were securely locked on onr side. "As far as I can remember, the sound seemed to come from about here," I raid, pointing to the centre of the floor. "What is underneath these boards, Jim?" "Only solid Mother Earth," he replied. . I had some of the planks up when I came into the place aud put new ones down." 'Well I'm going to sit up and await fur ther developments," I said. "Do either of you feel inclined to share my vigil ?" I "I will do so with- plcasureTJ I And I too if it s necessary " Honorable, with peculiar cagerneaB not going to risk being wakened 0£ H sleep by another shriek like that " re J im went-into his bedroom and aMP thing to his wife. After that well and made ourselves as comfortable sible in the sittingroom. But thoueWK ! mained there till daylight we hearJ,5 further. As day dawned we iciurnaf® beds to sleep soundly until wo were-® by Mrs. Spicer at 8 o'clock.— Nobel's HeP Dynamite Company. rtj (To be Continued.) | 