w Kg? INTERCOLONIAL. msfy Boulder No. 1 and Hannan's Reward p (W.A.) feeding their batteries with Ka- Bk-:- nowna cement, which is coming forward P. In large quantities. Hercules (Tas.) Is bestirring himself, gps' No. 5 tunnel is to be pushed ahead, and p--' he depth of the ore bodies proved. This jg|/. task accomplished, Hercules will once ge:i- more be called upon to make a choice, j;-. Not inis time between virtue and vice, but between smelters or no smelters; be- : tween treating the ore themselves, or . disposing of it for that purpose to some- Vid>- else. " ||v Comets (Tas.) are nothing if not ec- fej; AJitric. Tasmanian Cometwell sustain jjs the family's reputation. Good news and gfv-' nad news in the same breath. The ore has been satisfactorily disposed of under fi-: contract to the Tasmanian Smelting Co. & After this the deluge. Although some- pi thing like 75,000 gallons per hour are being pumped forth from the mine, the water is getting a little the best of the f: : pumps. Last week the story ran that |3.i the breakage in the machinery having gy ' been located, and a new drop-clack put |r> fn, land ahoy would soon be the cry. According to the last reports, they are JiC as much at sea as ever. fiy A local director has been at the Red Hills (Tas.), and found a big face of S(. - good ore exposed in the open cut. Only a modified response in quotations. Infor- ; . mation rather ex parte. J-.L" Oceana (Tas.) are in a large body of rather low grade silver ore over the cen- ' tury level. !p-\ Croesus, W.A, (capital name for a gold p; mine!), operations stopped by water. ly We haven't dragons to guard treasures 0- now, but nature very often sets janitors ji. quite as terrible to drive back the in- r trader. Riches, fame, have to be paid sv ' for. The inrush in this case arises from , a lode recently cut. ' Will the ghost of the Mt. Lyell-eum- i; Central Lyell (Tas.) negotiations for sale M never be laid? No sooner is tliere a stir , In the Tasmanian camp than this affair crops up like Banquo's ghost. It has S . been walking the earth these three years and more, and it will not down. De- velopments near boundaries seem like apples of discord. Central now agitat- i Ing for a sort of frontier delimitation :> commission. The formation of a Melbourne syndi- " cate to take up auriferous leases in Borneo, is on the tapis. For a royalty of 2 ner cent, on the gold raised, the Sul- tan is prepared to grant a seventy-five years lease of 264 square miles, at a nominal rental. The country is nearly all gold-bearing, and some of it dia- mondiferous. Labor is cheap and plenti ful. Surface alluvial gold has been worked by Chinese for years, but they have not. been able to cope with the water. A geologist of high standing in ' the East has reported favorably on the prospects. A wealthy English company Is already at work on a large reef in the adjoining property. Spring has come again, and Mount Lyells are once more at work in their nests. First of the new smelters blown in this week. Superlatively high quality of North Lyell ore body in No. 1 Tunnel crosscut not maintained. Ten feet in,, things are not quite so" good. Tharsis will soon be ready to begin its Blondin-like feats aiong that serial rope way. The appearnce on the scene of receiving and delivery bins means that the end of the beginning, is not far off. This company and Mount Lyell have carried out the Commissioners advice, and bottled their angry feelings about that easement. Lot goes to the South, Abram to the North, and neighborliness prevails. Associated Mines, W.A.. have struck it rich at a deep level, 500 feet. The dia mond drill is being used to ascertain the nature and extent of the lode. So far no official statement has been made as to value, but it is in the air that it. is high. Private wires and rumors fix it at three to four ounces, and our special correspondent supplements these with veins of telluride. As the facts are known only to the mine manager and his assistant, all these statements, pend ing the official dictum, must be received with caution. The development is of vital importance to the' field, as proving > the permanency and depth of ore bodies. So far, it is reported that the lode has SF- been penetrated 25 feet; without materia ? change. p The old order giveth place, to the new. Lake George, N.S.W., which— although floated under the most favorable market auspices— has, so far, 'been a frost, are I ; dropping smelting to take up cyaniding. v ' Mount Lyell has published its smelt- yields from first to last, which, we think, will be of use to our readers in getting at the why and the wherefore. 