SOLDIERS Off THE PEN". NOTES OE A TRIP TO EUROPE.—NO. XSN. Leaving the espianaae we macie our way to the business streets of Ostend, which, however, cannot be compared to the broad well-paved and finely built-on promenade we had just left. Ostend is certainly gay, and something about its buildings, which are decorated with bright colors, greatly helps to produce this effect. However gay and bright it may be, I never imagined that anything received from the heavens was of the same character; but whilst looking in the window of a jeweller's shop, I heard a small English youth say to his mother, "Ob, look at the pretty hailstones." I could not help smiling at the remark, but when I glanced to where he was pointing I was astonished at the sight, for there in the gutter and in i 8very crevice of the footway were drifts of j what looked like colored hailstones. In reality they were nothing more than small round colored pieces of paper, and they were to be seen all over the street. What they were I never actually found out, but I have no doubt the explanation was provided by a festival that had been held, aud of which I saw the procession. The first shop we entered was a chemist's. We went there to buy seme soaw, which my friends neglected to bring with them. I made my purchase in London, knowing that such an article was not provided at the Continental hotels. In Europe nobody thinks of using soap that lias been touched by anybody else, and they cannot imagine how English people, who pride themselves on their cleanliness, can do such a thing. Writing about cleanliness reminds me that in England very few houses know what a showerbath is, and in an hotel it costs something extra to have a bath although water is so plentiful, while in Australia you can get as many baths as you please without auy charge being made. If you say anything to English people about their not being fond of a bath they turn upon you and remark that Australians must be dirty people to want a shower each morniugl When we had bought the soap we went to a money-changer's and converted some sove reigns into the French currency. From iiere we wandered about the town and then re turned to the hotel and sab outside watching the merry throng of people as they tripped to and fro until the dinner-gong reminded us we were hungry. Ostend is situated in the Belgian province of West Flanders. The town dates from 1072, and is memorable for the long siege it under went at the hands of the Spaniards from J uly 7, 1001, to September 20, 1001. It was subjected to two similar experiences later on, when it had to give way to the Allies in 170(5 and to the French in 17-15. A matter of iin | poriauce was considered herein 1854. The fact is doubly interesting ju3t now- as America and Spain are at war. In the year mentioned the " Ostend Manifesto," as it is called, was for warded to the United States Government by its Ministers at the courts of Great Britain, France, and Spain, who had met here to dis cuss the Cuban question. The manifesto de clared that if Spain would nob sell Cuba self preservation required the United States to take the island by force aud preven tit from being Afrieanised like Hnyti. 'Nothing, however, came of the manifesto. We went to the dining-room aud took our seats among a room full of foreigners. We tried our hand at the little French we knew, and all miserably failed. In fairness to my friend John.I must say that he did occasionally make tile waiter under-1 stand when he asked for something in French ; 'but on the waiter replying in tiie same lan-1 : guage he was completely up a tree. Coming J to the conclusion that our knowledge of French ! was not passable, we fried our own tongue, which the waiter understood much better than he did his own language as we spoke it. The chief item on the menu that 1 recollect dis tinolly, and I even sometimes fancy I can still taste it, was the lettuce salad. To mv mind it was awful, but this was not the , opinion of my friends. The lettuce leaves were pretty nearly floating in oil. The smell was very much like that of the oil I use on my bicycle. In the evening we paid a visit to the Ivursaal, which is situated in the centre of the esplanade. It is stated that Ostond's growing popularity is mainly due to tlio Ivursaal. It is tlia magnet which draws people in the same way as the gaming halls attract at Monte Carlo., Tub Kursaal. . ThcmaiuliallocfcheKursaalisalargeone. We sat at a small table, and while having refresh ment heard a band playing or someone singing. In a large room off this is the public gamiucr-hall, in which each thinks he is going to win the money of everybody eiSe. The method of gambling, as far as I could make out, was after this fashion. There is a large board with so many blue holes, so many red, and so jnany black, and the players stand at either end. At a given signal the players, both men and women, let the balls roll, but prior to this they place what ever they like on blue, red, and black stars. If the ball go into 4';e hole which corresponds with the colbr on which money lias been put, the player wins, but in the other event he or she loses. This and other forms of gambling are carried on until all hours in the morning. In another part of the building is a club, of which it is not very dillieult to become a member. Although I never went inside it will not be out of place to publish the following descrip tion :—By the time you have lost your money in the public rooms you learn that treate-et quarante and roulette, which are infinitely fairer games for the punter, are played in the cluli, and tiiat you may become a member by paying the trifling subscription of 20f. and undergoing the formality of election—an operation which takes about two days. The on trance is through the public rooms of tlie Kursaai, its chief guardians being a gentle man in knee-breeches, who stands about 5 ft. nothing, and an assistant in red-bra,idea vest, who runs to over 0 ft. The Cerberus-in-Ohier wears a chain and badge of office, and looks like a provincial mayor. He knows liis duties well, and you can tell by the inclination of his backbone as he bows to the members the relative worth of each to the establishment. Inside the club there is no attempt to give the place anything but the appearance of a gambling resort. When the room is empty, say, at 3 p.m., the long baize-covered tables bear an undeniably business aspect, quite in contrast with the rich hangings and luxurious furniture witii which they are surrounded. But this aspect is altogether changed when, somewhat after 10 o'clock, the habitues of the club crowd round the tables, under the mellow light of crimson-shaded hanging lamps, placing counters or ''chips," white, red, amber, and green, upon the chances that a spinning ball will alight upon rouge or noir, on pair or impair. The scene then is brilliant and fascinating. Quite half the devotees of fickiejFortune are women, and the woman gambler is no dowdy ; she dresses her "best—every group is a symphony of color ablaze with diamonds. We had uo wish to become members of this club. If we had it would have been im possible, as we intended leaving next day. The following day we spent in driving about and watching the people. ' In the evening we left for Brussels. DISPATCH BAG. • Woiscley, June G. Dear General—I read " Soldiers of the Pen" with much interest and should like to enlist. Enclosed you will find a penny stamp for membership card, tlere are two little stones 1 once read A man was taken ill and tlie doctor was at once sent for. The doctor nave linn a plaster to put on liis eiiest. Soon afLer this the doctor came again to see his patient. He asked liis wife where she had stuck the "plaster. After thinking for a few minutes she replied, " As he did not have a chest X stuck it on a box." A silly fellow was once asked by a friend to go to a concert with him. He consented. They had not proceeded very far on their way when the silly fellow asked his friend how much the seats were. " The front seats are one shilling, ilie back scats sixpence, and the pro grammes one penny," was the reply. "Oh, then, that's all right," said Noodle, "1 will sit on a pro gramme."—1 remain, yours truly, ALRERT RlgjOIfKE. " Slrathblane," Yougala, Hay 21. Dear General—I have taken the followiug from the Australian Journal:—A clever French comedian when a young and struggling actor in Paris hit on an ingenious plan to save himself the walk from the theatre after rehearsal to his lodgings, which were near a cemetery. He dressed in black, and if lie espieda funeral procession with a vacant seat in any of the coaches he promptly pulled out a handkerchief and hid his face in it while hailing the vehicle. Under the impression that he was one of the mourners arrived late he was of course immediately installed in the vacant-seat. This went on for some lime till one uniuckyuay the actor attempted to talk to his com panion. " Poor thing, 1 weep tor lier," he said from the folds of the handkerchief. " lie is dead, not she," replied his opposite neighbor. "I know, I know; but so young." "Our friend was SO last birthday," objected another. "1 alluded to his children, monsieur," said the unhappy actor. "But he had none," cried the mourners in a chorus. And the actor was thankful that the coach halted at that moment at the cemetery, thus enabling him to escape.—I remain, yours, &c.;, Ella Berry.max. 801110115 Hill, June L Dear General—I would like to be enrolled in your ever-increasing army of "Soldiers of the Pen." I enclose stamp for membership card. The following paragraphs are taken from the Pictorial World:— "Not Man and Wife."—"There are some queer couples in this world," remarked a real estate agent. •' Tne oilier day a young man and woman called to see about renting a house. The woman did all the talk ing and turned to the man for confirmation or cor roboration. He always agreed with her, and did it very meekly. " Well," says the woman, finally, " I will give you ten shillings for the house, won't we, John?" "Yes'ni," replied the man. "And I'll pay you promptly, too, won't I John?" "Yes'ni." "And I'll take good care of the house, won't we John ?" "But," 1 enquired, as is usual in such cases, "are you man and wife';" " Man and wife," exclaimed the woman sharply, " indeed we are not, are we John ?" "N'o'ni." "What?"says I, "not man and wile?" "Notmucli," she answered. " I'll have you know that in this family we are wile and man, are we not, John ?" "Yes'ni." Toughish Paste. — An old body nurs ing my wife in Blackburn oil one occa sion had a pitman for her son-in-law, and her daughter, the pitman's wife, did the cooking, but not Yery satisfactorily X fear. Tlie pitman called at my house one day saying, " I would th* owd woman might return home as early as possible, for th' wife made me a meat pie for my dinner yesterday, and when getting into the cage to go down th' pit th' pie fell to the bottom, about 120 yards, and if you'll believe mo th' pie ivorn't brokkin."—I am, &e.;, Nellie Leaker. Sellick's Hill P.O., S.A. A WINDY NIGHT. Listen to the wind ! What does it seem to say In a voice so mighty and deep ; If you hear it but once you will hear it alway. Hear that sad wail! 'Twas a poor earth-bound ghost Who in despair put an end To its life, seeking to find the joys that were lost. I " It was a wind gust" You say, " Only the wind." Did you hear the voice of pain tiay " I am seeking for aye my lost love to find." Thus said the wind then, But, hark to that; it said, j "Out on the ocean is tossing > A hrave ship, bearing brave hearts, but, alas i they're all dead." So said the wild wind, I And rushed on its way, Twisting the pines in passing ; . For the wind loves the trees in its own wild, wild wav. High up the mountain, Look at that white cloud's flight. Look again. Ah, it is gone. Far, tar away into the dark terrible night. It was the wild wind i Tore that fair cloud away, j Hark ! hero it comes lightly and soft, Iu a sweet gentle murmur like children at play. That is the mad wind, Moaning aloud in pain ; I hear it at night all alone, Calling and calling, " Come, let me not wait in vain." Hearken to it now, Did you not hear it say, " Put an end to all your trouble, One bold step and then to leave this sad world for aye ISAimL Monro:.', (Juorn. Dear General—I have gathered some more para- j graphs, which I send for your approval. The follow- [ mg'is a Turkish fable Forgiveness.—Every man has j two angels—one on his right shoulder and one on his left. When he does anything good, the angel on his i right shoulder writes it down and seals it, because , wiiat is done well is done for ever. When lie does j evil, the angel upon his left shouldc-r marks it down, j but does not seal it. He wails till midnight; if j before that time the wearer bows down'liis head and | exclaims, "Gracious Allah,'I have sinned, forgive, me," the angel rubs that out; but it" not, at midnight' he seals it, and the.angel on the right shoulder weeps. | Dreams — By Robert Wilson, F.li.P.tJ., in • "Science for Ail," from Sussex Chronicle:—Dr. i James Gregory, when he went to bed one night with j a warm water bottle at liis feet, actually felt in Ills I dream the hot crater of Mount. Etna burning beneath j his tread. Dr. Keid, the Scottish metaphysician, when he had a blister on liis head, positively endured j ail the physical torture of being scalped whilst j dreaming tiiat he had fallen into tile hands of a party ! of Red Indians. Perhaps the most striking example of j dream realism on record is the following, related by Dr. Abercombie, of an oliicer whose susceptibility of having iiis dreams thus conjured before him was so i remarkable that his friends could produce any kind j of dream they pleased by soitly whispering m his ear, especially if this were done by one with whoso voice i lie was familiar, liis companions were in the. con stant habit of amusing themselves at his expense. On ; one occasion they conducted him through the whole j progress of a quarrel, which ended in a duel; and j when the parties were supposed to meet, a pistol was j put into his hands, which he fired off in his sleep, j and was awakened by the report. Some years ago a | judge in England, noted as a temperance advocate, j was trying a case about a right-of-way. Amongst the ' witnesses were two brothers named Elm, very old residents. Robert Elm, aged £u, a remarkably well preserved old man, was questioned by the judge. "Are you a total abstainer V" "I am, my lord, I never tasted liquor in my life." " Well," said the judge, "you are a splendid specimen of sobriety." Ilia brother, John Elm, being called, the judge asked his age.' "Eighty-seven, my lord.' "Why! you look icn years younger than your brother. 1 need not ask if you are a temperate man ; your appearance proves i if." "I am not quite sure as to that, my lord. My I wife toid me the other day, my iovd, that I haven't j I gone to bed sober these last twenty years." " Well ! | | well!" said the judge abstractedly, "elm is a good | wood, wet or dry."—Yours truly, I I M ay Gascoigxe Lewis. | Peachey Belt, via Salisbury, June 10. Dear General—I received my membership card safely, and am very pleased with it. The following are seine paragraphs for the competition that I copied from various papers :—" What's That to You,"—.Some years ago boats trading in the Medway rejoiced in rather curious names, the following being one of the many Isugilabic occurrences caused thereby: — A boat named "What's That to You, passing a dockyard at night-time, was hailed as usual by the coast-guardsman. "Boat ahoy! Your captain's name"Captain Prislman." " What are you ladeu with?" "Coals" " Where bound for?" "Chatham." "Ship's name?" " What's That to You." " I ask you the name of the ship?" "What's That to You." "You shall he reported for your insolence." And after repeating the enquiry and receiving the same reply the boat was commanded to remain where she was. As soon as the mornin light appeared two boats were seen keeping guard. Tiie crews boarding the vessel to sieze, with full authority, the offenders, seeing the name painted in large letters pulled moodily away amid the laughter and jeers of the yrew of What's That to You. Some | Novel Prizes. — Following the example of some [ weekly journals that have made a success out of tiie gift-enterprise system, the editor of tiie Hollyhock Hollow lluylc has decided to olfer prizes | for the best epic poem on " Hard Times." Compe ! titors are required to use brown wrapping-paper, and write oil boLh sides, without numbering the sheets or } punctuating tiieir MSS. The poems must exceed i Milton's "Paradise Lost" in length, and the author is requested to sign his grandfather's name on his mother's side, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee that the. author knows who his ancestors were. First prize—A paint-brush, iu good condition, used by Queen Elizabeth to hlaekeu iter teetii. Second prize—An umbrella bor rowed from George Washington by Lafayette and returned. Third prize—An embalmed dog that died at a tender age in Philadelphia unbeknown to the sausage-makers. Fourth prize—A trunk which passed over a New Jersey railroad without being smashed. Fifth prizh—A quart of vermicelli soup cooked to order for Napoleon just before the battle of Waterloo, but which he didn't have time to eat. N.B.—The prizes have been selected from the Bugle Museum, and are among the most costly specimens iu the collections. An Ironclad's Measurement—A journal gives the following statement of tiie measurement of an ironclad's plate :—A 2-:'t. rule was given .to a Sunderland riockman to measure the plate. ' The " bumper" not being well up to the use of the rule, after spending a considerable time, returned. " Noo, Mick," asked Llie plater, "what size is the plate?" "Well," replied Mick, with a grin of satisfaction, " it's the length of your rule and two thumbs over, with this piece of brick, and this trifle of pantile, the breadth o' 111 y hand, and my arm from here to there bar a finger." One of the smallest books in the world is a volume printed in Holland in 1(174. It contains 49 pages, and the title page bears the inscription—Bloem II of je door, jO. von L; Gcdruckt by L. Schmidt ("The Court of Flowers," by C. van L.; printed by B. Sciunidt). The volume is superbly bound in calf, tooled, and ornamented on the hack and sides, and is closed by a clasp of gold filagree, solid, but of exquisitely delicate workman ship. It opens so as to display the text to advantage, and is in every way as highly finished as a book of ordinary size. The size of this book is such that it would require four such to cover a penny stamp. The most curious specimens of vegetable or plant life in existence are the so- called "living stones " of the Falkland Islands. These islands arc among tile most cheerless spots in the world, being constantly subjected to a strong polar wind. Ill such a climate it is impossible for trees to grow erect as they do in other countries, but nature lias made amends by furnishing a supply of wood in the most curious shape imaginable. Tiie visitor to the Falklands sees scattered here and there singular shaped blocks of what appear to be weather-beaten, moss covered boulders in various sizes. Attempt to turn one of these "boulders"- over j and you .wilt meet with a surprise, because the sloue is actually anchored by roots of great strength ; ill fact, you will find that you are fooling with one of the native trees. No other country in j the world has such a peculiar "forest" growth, and ! it is said to be next to impossible to work tile oddly I shaped blocks into fuel, because they are perfectly de void'of grain, and appear to be nothing but a twisted mass of woody fibres. A Faris clockiiiaker has completed an ingenious timepiece, in the making of which lie. spent 2h years, i Four dials mark London, Paris, Geneva, and Home lime. It chimes and plays nine airs, while 42 figures of men working at their trades are set in motion. Shoemaker, sweep, butcher, sawyer,- joiner, organ grinder, and flute-player lead off; and others, from the baker who bakes to tile concierge who rings the bell, follow; four dancers dance a measure, and i soidiers file past the French flag, keeping time to tiie j lick-tack of the pendulum. j I will now say good-night, as it is getting late.—I remain, your obedient soldier, HAifkOU) E. Tayi.oii. - Unity, Juno 11. Dear General—Tiie following is ail extract from a London paper :—Curiosities.—Tiie English language is one of the strange ;t of spoken tongues. The shades of difference between words which at a first glance would appear to be synonymous are very remarkable, and to a foreigner must seem wholly incomprehen sible. The following is an apt illustration of tiiis remark, and is at. the. same lime a very ingenious collection of words :—A Frenchman, while looking at a number of vessels, exclaimed, "See what a flock of ships!" He was told that a flock of ships was j called a fleet, nut that a fleet of sheep was called a I flock. To assist him in mastering the intricacies of' the English language he was told that a flock of girls was called a bevy, that a bevy of wolves is called a pack, but that-a pack of cards is never called a bevy, though a pack of thieves is called a gang, and a gang of angels is called a host, while a host of porpoises is called a shoal. He was told that a host of oxen is termed a herd, and a herd of children is called a troop, and a' troop of partridges is termed a covey, and a covey of beauties' is called a galaxy, and a galaxy of ruflians is called a horde, and a horde of rubbish is called a heap, and a heap of bullocks is called a drove, and a drove of blackguards is called a mob, and a mob of whales is called a school, and a school of worship is called a congregation, and a con gregation of engineers is calied a corps, and a corps of robbers is called a baud, and a band of locusts is called a crowd, and a crowd of gentlefolk is calied the elite. The last word being French, the scholar understood it and asked no more. •I remain, yours nail asleep, Elise More. I am, dear soldiers, Yours faithfully. THE GENERAL. 