Mil. WILSON BARRETT. INTERVIEW WITH AN AUTHOR- ACTOR. [By our Special Reporter.] Between the first and second acts of that powerfully pathetic play "The Mauxai-m" at the matinee on Wednesday I was introduced to Mr. Wilson Barrett, or rather to noble Pete Quilliam. for the author-actor had just come off the stage after having taken that affecting farewell of Kitty Cregreen. And with his hue physique, clear-cut, classical features, ivavv baiij and i'mnk and honest expression there was still the conviction of Hall Caine's lieio about him even in the dressing-room. That particular room, with its strangely fascinating behind-the-scenes atmosphere. \v;us brilliantly lit up with electric light, and the mirrors reflecting it showed up on the wails several laurel va-eaths tied with red, white, and blue streamers, tributes^ from the eastern color.ics oi the people's hiiih appreciation of this great artist. In the corner in a cage v.as a rosslla parrot philosophically crunching i;i;iize. '"That's a present," said Mr._ Hariett, pointing to the bird. "i clon'i know -vheLher ] am expected to teach it elocution." Knowing the dangerous chsvavtarintics o: the parrot family, 1 suggested that it -would learn bad French ratiic-r readily. "Well, 1 won't have any of that iu my dressing-room," answered i!:e actor emphatically. "\cu have had a very successful tour?" 'Yes. in an extraordinary degree. It has beaten all records for the colonics, and the special things have been 'Hamlet,' "Othello," and 'Virginius/ There has been liici-Qi money in them than in the oilier plays, and they bave proved a greater iivuvneiai success and a greater draw tjhan n-hen playc-d en previous occasions, as the earlier stars had not the the;) ties to accommodate the crowds of to-day. I have found the audiences most receptive. They have been very enthusiastic, both in and out of tiie theatre. Over and orer again the crowds at the stage door, after the performances, have been of such iiiai:nitu; ! e that it has necessitated the assistance of w the police to citable us to get to our cabs. In the theatres the audiences could not have been more enthusiastic. One feels e.s] ec-ia'dy pleased that the old plays have proved the most successful, because that sh:uvs to a certain extent that it has been the ir.rerpretaticn rather than the novelty cf the dramas that the audiences have come to see. 1 have been very much pleased that my friend Hall Caine's dramas, j 'The Manxman,' and the other adaptation of his work. 'The Desmstei 1 ,' played as 'Ben-my-Chree,' have been received with such tremendous applause and interest. Only this morning I received a cablegram fn Hall ( aine assigning me the rights of 'The Christian' for dramatic purposes. We shall collaborate on tliat together. That will imake tlie fourth of his e novels that I have dramatized. I did The Kond.sinan' as well as the other two I a mentioned to you. I have been extremely e delighted about The Sign of the Cross' ar.d its apparent enduring success. The o return visits up to noir have been even more successful than the first ones. The revival at Sydney was phenomenally successful." When 1 saw Mr. Barrett at Moss Vale when his company were travelling up from Melbourne to Sydney, I thought he looked particularly tired and v.';in out on that occasion. "Yes," he replied, '"\ve had an ;nvful time of it over there in regard to • work. Changing the plays every two nights entails a tremendous amount of laiji-ur, and calls upon the nervous resources as well. Tike the charge from 'Othc-llo' to Pete in The Manxman,' and then to 'C'laudian.' The characters are so widely dilierent that vou have to get into the atmosphere of then before you c-jn give anything like an interesting delineation. That applies to Miss Jeffries and tbe oth'jr members of the company as well, and that makes me think that the audiences here will like us better h;n they have bad evidence of our versatility. I "arranged originally for a sixteen weeks' engagement. That was extended to twenty "weeks, and after piaying two weeks it was extended to twe nty-four weeks, and eventually to twenty-eiglit weeks." ' ..J. Barrett," cried a shrill vr ice, and away hurried the actor to further enlist the sympathies of tbe audience as Pete. I was left alone with uhe parrot. I spoke kindly to it, but it was a rude bird and would not deign to take any notice of me. It kept up that incessant and annoying crunch, c-runc-h with the niai?e, ana thought of nothing but its stomach. I was glad when Mr. Barrett retut-ied. '"Can you spare me a word about the much- vexed question of Hamlet?" "As many as you please. I- am never tircc) of discussing Hamlet." (And Mr. Barrett's bright, animated face did indeed give the lie to any idea of boredom.) "I am iold you have very strong convictions on the point of Hanilefc's age?" '1 can assure ycu I have, but are not all convictions strong that are born of truth?" "And your conviction on this matter is?" "Thai" Hamlet -was a youth of nineteen or twenty. In the first place he is described as lately from school, as going back to school, as the companion of Horatio, who is still at school at Wittenberg when lie is not playing truant (as he tells Hamlet in the first act). "But may not a rather broad inteipretstion be placed upon the word school?" '"i'ut upon it what interpretation you will, at any rate Hamlet would have completed any" scholastic or collegiate course long before he was thirty; why, at thirty he would have been for many years in command of the Danish anny in the field." •'But how about the inuch-diseussed gravedigger?" "I've not forgotten that those two lines 'I have been sexton here, man and boy, il-r.ty years,' and 'This skull hath lain iu tlie earth three-and-twenty years,* are so utterly at variance with the rest of the play in their indication of Hamlet's age t'-at it seems scarcely possible they can otcr have been written by Shakfpeare. Tho original line in the folio referring to Ycrick's skull reads—*A dozen years,' and though I know there are many errors in that, folio. I see no reason for specially picking out this line as an error "when it so admirably fits with the rest of the plcy; in fact, I consider it a hit. What s;•.<.-' you?" I cudgelled my brains and replied—"A touch. I do confess." "Mr. _ Baric' t proceeded—"The third scene of the second act seems specially to be devoted to proving the minority of lia'niet. If you notice. Laertes has only spoken four lines t'i Ophelia before he begins to talk of Hamlet. He warns his sister. Against wl-.r.t? Againft the love of a man almost cli.uble her age? Against the craft and seductive "wiles of a scheming middle-aged nan of the world? No. He warns her against immature, boyish amorousness; calf-love, in fact:— " 'For Handet, . and the trifling of his fnvour, Hold it a fashion and a toy in blood: A violet- in the youth of primy nature. Forward, not permanent; sweet, not lasting.' Then Laertes goes on to tell her in effect that though the boy Hamlet may love her now whilst lie is young and unhampered bv the State, yet even if his calf-love does outlast his youth, nevertheless upon his attaining his majority, and becoming a person of supreme importance in Denmark: Then, if he says he loves you, It fits your -wisdom so far to believe it As he in his particular act and place May give his saying deed: -which is no further Than the main voice of Denmark goes withal." But look at the text! How many times does Sliakspeare refer to him as young? The young Hamlet.' 'For Lord Hamlet, believe so much in him. that he is young;' anil the King speaking to Rosencrantz and Guildenstern apostrophizes them as being— " 'So neighboured to bis youth.' I might quote scores of lines. There are a eood many quotation?in Hamlet," langfced Mr. Barrett, "but what I want to lay e'rirhasis on is this: in spite of all the bickerings and teasing about of nice points and subtleties of cor.r.nenlators, the broad plain trend of the whole play is in favour of the minority of Hamlet." "Arid now, how about Hamlet's madness "Well, every man is mad in a greater or lefis degree. Hamlet undoubtedly iiad moments when the thoughts of liis uncle's treachery roused him to a pitch of frenzy: but as for his being insane in the ordinary acceptation of the temi, why, well, it's madness to think so. Is there any madness at all in any of his soliloquies: or in ;mv of the dialogues with the one friend he cc.iild trust. Horatio?" "Mav we have a few ouotations, Mr. Barreli?" "Oc-rtainly. with pleasure; let me Fee." and Mr. Barrett tapped that v.-oiider!ul brainy hea>< of his, which is such a treasure-house of Shakspearian information:— " "I essentially am not in madness, But only mad in craft." and " 'Lay not that flattering unction to your souls, That not your trespass, but my madness speaks.' And then, you know, the King himself acknowledged that Hamlet's speech to Polonius, 'tho' it lacked form a little, was not like madness.' An argument for youth and sanity at- one and the sauie time. But I think the very best proof is whai I have so often laid stress upon, namely, Hamlet's insistence on the c i T sp o a s b a c a i scc-reey of Horatio and Marcelius as to his not being mad. Shakspeare evidently deems tills in the highest degree important, for he brings back the Ghost three times to make them swear that tliey will reveal nothing of his outre disposition." "The 'fat and scant of breath' line is a stumbling-block to many; can vou tell me anything about that?" 'Well, in Shakspeare's time there was not so much reverence for the great dramatist's works behind tlie footlights as exists now. and I have a shrewd fancy that when Bnrbage, who was a heavy fat man, played Hamlet he did not appear to the greatest advantage in the fencing scene, and the 'fat and scant oi breath' line may have been an impertinent 'gag' on the part of the lady who played the Queen, suggested on the spur of the inoment by the actor's appearance, and which afterwards got incorporated with the play. Of course, you are familiar with the alternative rendering, "taint and scant of breuth,' and we are not absolutely certain the line is addressed to Hamlet at all; it mig'tit just as well have been meant for Laer'.^s. "Shakspeare is one of the greatest teachers we have, and a great teacher doesn't confuse people; he enlightens them. But there be some who, by seeking to ascribe unfathomable meanings to the most clear and lucid thoughts, distort and twist Shakspeare out oi.' sense and meaning. People taik abcut the glorious mystery of 'Hamlet.' What is the mystery? Did Shakspeare lock something up in a casket that nobody couid unlock? Shakspeare would not do thsJ*. He was too sublime a teacher. It would be the second-rate man who would do that. Just the same as with an ordinary and scientific lecturer. The ordinary one, with his ponderosity of verbiage, is iiniritelligible to five out of every six of his listeners: while the scientific man. makes liis remarks so clear that the veriest tyro knows what liis instructor is talking ahgmt. People have got into the custom regarding Shakspeare of reading the cominentators instead of the text, and so they get bothered and confused. One commentator savs this " is white, therefore Shakspeare mia;t mean black. Another says this is black, a^id therefore must be hite or whitv-brown, because Shakspeare would never have said black had he meant it. It lias been wittily said that language was given us to ^conceal our thoughts, but that doesn't appTly to a great author." Again tlie shrill cry of "Mr. Barrett" rang out., and Pete Qui'liam went to see his Kittie. Would that I had been he. 