GALLERY NOTES. (BY GUB SPECIAL REPORTER) PARLIAMENT HOUSE, Friday. Nothing could lie more revolting or fori her from what it should be than the state of things disclosed in Mr Vesper's speech on Wednesday night concerning the working of the penal system; ; His motion was one in i <tvor of a fioyal 'Commission being appointed to inquire "into the penal system now in vogue in this colony, *nd tbe wording of the resolution was such as to permit the thorough ransackiugof every place of detention in the colony to unearth any evils therein existing, and to bnndle them together with (.hoseregponsible for their animation re k and crop into the outer darkntss of ignominy. Had it been carried in its original form the chances are that when the labors of the com mission ended their report would have vied with that of the Mining Commission for length, breadth, and thickness. Mr Moran's plan for avoiding this was to give commissioners a shilling a day remuneration, but as some hon members havea strong desire to be appoin'ei on the commission, and are on the- lookout for • pickings,' they frowned upon the member for East Coolgardie andsaid,' No,' that will not do ; at all^' and being rot desirous of spoiling a good thing, Mr Moran took the hint, and lapsed into silence. From the outset, Mr Illingworth appeared disgusted with the motion, and during the course of tlie debate he was to be seen busily engaged figuring out how much it will cost the country in hard cash to erect, what he terms, a penal system whitewashing machine. Mr VoBperropeto make an attack on gaoling as • it is in Western Australia, to the accompaniment of a terrific clap of-thunder of almost sufficient strength a to rend the chamber in twain. The noise of s this celestial blunderbnsB having subsided, d the £xst chapter of his lamentations began. p Throughout, his remarks were liberally flavored with spicey invective,-and proved appreciable to those fond of cayenne in their oratorical curry. His principal indictmentswere framed against the Fremantle gaol, which, ior hideousness and crue'ty, the apalling " visions of galleys, the mines of o c p D c f Siberia .and the .torture "chamber of the Inquisition weie not comparable. Tf'e fearful atd harrowing scenes of prison life at Fremantle which he depicted, almost brought tears to the eyes of his listeners, many of whom were overcome and retired to' get a stimulant and do a bit of weeping on-their o wn outside. It was not the offieials he attacked, but the system, and he took occasion to frequently assure the House that he was not actuated by maudlin sentiment nor'a desire to shield criminals from theconsequences of their xoisdeeds. He strongly objected to flogging, and had a lot to-say about the cruelty thereof. Another flagitious abuse practised at Fremantle gaol was :the loading of some of the inmates with leg-irons and putting them in a particularly hideous garb, in which yellow and black predominated. This discipline was essentially brutal and -savage, and he reprobated and censured such practices. He contended that in the interests of other boarders at the gaol frcBhmen rhould undergo a thorongh cleanBing and 'inspection before being permitbed to mix wi' h the others. 'They are g^ven fi 'bath,' said the Premier. 'Oh, wash him well, and cut his hair,' chipped In Mr Simpson. \- 'Perhaps they- wouldn't mind a brandy and soda on entering,'chimed in Brother Alick. Mr Vosper, proceeding, said the cookery at Fremantle w*s a deception, and the quality of the food could be struck ofi in two words, 'absolutely rotten.' 'This latter remark aroused the indignation of Mr Hubble, who' is one of the visiting justices. Ton don't know anything about it,' remarked that gentleman. The mover gavehim an irate look which should iiave been photographed as a curiosity for the local museum. Then, like a matador who takes his last stare at a disabled bull, Mr Vosper continued his speech only again to have his ire aroused 4jy the Premier remarking-that the' prison was a tome for criminate. ' It iB very easy to refer to a prison as a home if you iiiave never been there,' retorted the man trom KanoWna. Favoritism of the . most glaring and flagrant nature, Mr Vosper declared, was rampant within the walk of Fremantle prison. In this college of crime a clique of gaol-birds had formed thems 4ves ; into a-select club and diaei sumptuously daily on laznries in theguard-room. This, he inferred, was born of a vile conspiracy : gfiating between theaforesaid gastronomical clique and a band of thieving contractors. It being implied that the former were daily madethe recipients x)f lege of pork, chickens, jellies,and kindred dainties in consideration of theireffecting asaving and a profit for tLescbntractora by stinting the food supplies of the otter prisoners and supplying them with inferior Btuff. For a time the-fount of inspiration appeared to have-become dried up, then the inindof the hon member received a freBh infusion of ideas, and he forthwith proceeded to make a warm attack on the sanitary conditions of the gaol.. The only disinfectant used was whitewash. The cells in size and cubic air space: compared unfavorably with the black hole of Calcutta. Summed rip, they were intolerable vaults, and ia order to prevent' prisoners becoming infected with disease they were allowed to smoke, which said breach of prlsondisripUne waB winked at bv the officials. Mr Vosper next _ made the water 8upply»a target to aim his poisoned arrows of -criticism at. This was contaminated by teiSi drainage, and as the results of various unsanitary conditions of the building the water found its way into the prison wells, from which it was pumped into the town reservoir, thereby infecting the water supply of Fremantle. After tell jag the House that the penal system and all connected therewith wis "a combination of rascality, stupidity, cruelty, and fraud, and regaling members with a long discourse on penology, he wound up by suggesting in so many words that there be engrafted into the penal system something that would tend to bring about'the introducti n into the gaols of the colony the ideal state of Ei^ht hours'work, Eight hours' play, Eight hours' s eep, Eight bob' a day. During the courte of the debate which followed ; ;an incident arose which waB responsible for the unearthing of another of the Premier's estimable qualities. Mr Kenny unfolded a little tale of woe. In the days of yore « certain prisoner, deeply steeped in iniquity, was brought before the Acting- Comptroller-General. His legs were heavily ironed, And he was in chains. His appearance .savored o! a devil incarnate, and his repufca'ion was but one remove from that enjoyed by Old Man Lucifer. The Comp - troSler questioned the cjnvict and said, ' My man, what you want is a friend.' The memberlor North Murchison told in tones dramatic how the Acting-Comptroller-General ordered the irons and chains to be struck off, and that he should have civilian dress. This was doiie, and the convict gave the gao officials no further trouble. When he had only became a respectable citizen, but an important Civil Bervarit. In leply to Mr Simpson's query as to who was that Comptroller, Mr Kenny said in tho8„e daysi he was blown as plain * John Forrest.' The applause that followed powerfully bespoke the unwavering and high esteem in whi.h the Premier is held by membtrs of both tides of the House. With becoming modesty Sir John admitted that there Was tome truth' in Mr Kenny's pretty little story, but the circumstances as detailed by that member were not quite accurate. He confess .d' to letting off with a caution the convict referred to, but he was neither in chains nor iron?. Hon members accepted the narrative as amended, and consoled themselves with the fact that the will responsible for the big-souled act of kindness mentioned was capable of doing ev< n greater and more charitable deeds. The Premier devoted mpst of his speech to refuting some of the principal allegations made by Mr Vosper in the course of his speech. He admitted that there was room for improvement in the present system, but ccjuld not believe that the state of things as depicted by the mover of the motion did exist. He humorously twitted Mr Vosperwith being madethe -recipient" of fairy tales In the shape of sensational matterfor publication in his newspaper, contained in letters sent him surrep titiously by certain prisoners at Fremantle gaol. ' Why,' said Sir John, ' the best way for t paper who hasn't any standing to^et a cir culation is to abuse and insult respectable people.' He did not believe in fitch nefariouB tactic- 1 . ' What about those organs that support the Government.' .chimed'ih Mr Simpson. ! Ohj their policy is a juit one, and they re too-honorable to stoop to that species of nake edition. Only the Opposition papers o-that,' remarked the Premier by way of a arkins' shot. 1 rawing on ins own experiences as head f the Penal Department, he related the cir< umstances surrounding a visit which he aid to the Fremantle Gaol one Christmas ay. On that occasion the prisoners played ricket, sang comic songs, went through the f irst set cf quadrilles, xlanced all the known styles of the can can, and altogether appeared is contented and happy as the immor- 'talised cat in the tripe depot, and as the newspapers say, 'highly- delighted with their afternoon's entertainment.' He had never seen any of the fearful things to Teflect upon that the member for North-East Coolgardie had said, so much about in his speech, neither had he seen any prisoners so low spirited and discontented as to envy the flies that flew in and out the bars of the cells just as they pleased without asking of anybody. He terminated his speech by moving an amendment: which practically limited the scope of the commission inquiry to the Fremantle and Bottnest prisens. This was agreed to by the mover and adopted by the House. Thursday's sitting was devoted to the consideration of the Education Bill in Committee, and the whole of the afternoon a evening was monopolised by a humorous and ait times somewhat acrimonious debate on dogmas, secular and religious. Members seemed eager for the fray and vied with each other in quoting Scripture by the yard. The atmosphere became surcharged with sanctity, everyone became inoculated with the germs of his own particular brand of creed until finally a state of pious frenzy prevailed such as never was .seen since the <£aye of the Crus. Mr Illingworth, who is an adherent of one of the methody' persuasions, started the discussion by soliciting a ..definition of secular instruction' as including general religious teaching, but not sectarian theology. With the sharpness of a fly which drops plumb upon the best piece of meat in tbe middle of a kitchen, the member for Central Miirchison swooped down upon the clause containing the aforementioned offensive extract, which he seemed frantically eager to tear to shreds—' Dogmatic theology.' Hecculdnot fee psieuaded to swallow, or even nibble, such a violation of religion. It was enough to make Beelzebub laugh until the foundations of hell were loosened. Further, and this is what riled him the moat, it was' 'calculated to provoke John Wesley's ghost to such a degree as to force him to pour forth a stream of objurgations and heave anathemas. at the heads of those wicked creatures responsible for its inclusion in the provisions of the bill. He had too much respect for religion to permit Buch libe'ties as this to be taken with it; Not even the Minister's explanation, that only simple questions would be asked the children, such as'Where did you come from and -'Where will you go to ?' satisfied the member for-Central Murchison, who demanded' the excision of the clause from the bill. Mr Vosper, with much glibness, gave the House' a sermon on the difference in beliefs Regarding the future state. One section, for instance, had B, half-way station and erected Turkish baths there fdr x;leansihg thesouls of the faithful until th&yliad; attained that degree of purity "commonly known as 'whiter than snow ' when they received their passidrt, and were headed-stxaight ior Paradise, theie , were others who went nap on the belief that a man remained, dead till the Day of Judgment, when he had to arise and take his gruel according to his works." Some got fire, some brimstone, and -those more iortufaate were provided with reserved seats and given crowns and harps to amuse themselves with. The definition in the bill was a : delusion, a pitfall, and a snare.' He gave instances of Roman Catholics refusing to be sworn on the Bible in a court of law. Because it's too dirty,' chipped in Mr Moran. He averred that the teaching of general religious principles was an impossibility, as d<&ma; was inevitable in all religious teaching, but that general moral principles could not be taught. He could not understand hdw it was whenever defects in the bill were printed out, the "Minister said— ' Oh, it worked well in the old Act.' Mt Gekjrge th ought thai nothing more out of aajordahce with the spirit of Gospel teaching could be imagined than the clausie in'dispute. He opposed its inclusion in the bill. The member for the Murray has nafetral aversion for the canting variety of psalm-si' gera. He always demands spot cash when he does any business with them, He. believed that people could be as good Cbristikns as ChriBt himself, withoutjgoing to ch'nrcfa. After some further discussion,-the clause was Struck out. l A number of other clauses ' which worked well in the old Act' were taken exception to by 1 Mr Vesper, who, in reply to a remark made by Mr Lefioy, that he wanted to •uphebve and uproot everything, said that he deblined to be guide! by the fact, that the safiie provisions were incorporated in the old Adt, or the laws of the Medes or Persians or those of Nebuchadnezzar. ' I don't want members to quote ftom Acts pahed by Pontius Pilate' 'You quote from auihorities,' said the Minister for Mines in tones of humility. ?Yes,' retorted Mr Vosper, 'but I don't un earth authorities from the sepulchre of dead and gone legislation.' He reminded the House that this was a secular bill, ah hough they were poing to create religious animosity over it. Mr James, who for some time had be n devouriog the contents of the bill just as )f such c vntaine l a dislinc mes age of ea va ion, suddenly ciiscovered ihac a clause j.eimitting the reprehensible practice of plumping at school boara elections had crept into the bill. A heated discussion ensued, into which much warmth was infused by Mr Moran and others. The Premier could not understand why such a lot of noise was being made over such a small matter. He couid not see much in the argament on either side. If ii were desired a number of candidates could be nominated with the object of giving votes for some who had no hope of being elected, and thus strengthen the chances of those who had. ' Ah, but that does not always come off,' said Mr Moran. It did here in the election for Federal delegates,' was the rejoinder. ' The first chapter of Revelations,' remarked Mr Vosper ' Is that how you did it,' queried Mr Simpson? ' We'll kndw better next time'. This from Mr illiqgworth. Further banter was indulged in ad libitum and ultimately the amendment of Mr James, that voting should be for not less than the number to be elected, was agreed to. Things then went along nicely until Mr Moran put his finger on a seeming injustice, and intimated that his obj -ct was murder. He moved to strike out words in a certain clause which threw upon parents the onus of objecting to their children receiving religious instruction. * I'm out for the night, and I'll stop here till I J ve sickened everybjdy,' was the text of Mr Mor&n;'s ultimatum to the House. With the object of preventing any epidemic of nacsea being brought about, Mr Leake directed the Speaker's attention to the state of the House. The bells were rung, but as no quorum entered an appearance, it was considered a fair thing, and the House was left to the rats and mosquitoes to have their ling until Tuesday next. 