Terrible Burning Accident. A SYDNEY-UAH FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE FIFE LIKE A STEAK TO A VRYINGPAN. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had llio misfortune to slip and (all on the hot water-pipes. and before ho could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible nay. The chock of tile burning and Ihe fall proved to be very disastrous (or Mr. Jarvis, and (ora number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, Buf fering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other (arms o( psralyBis. A lew months ago, how ever, reports began to be circulated in the neigh borhood that Ur. Jarvis was Retting round again, and that he bad a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. | It was on account oi these rumors that a special reporter from- the Sydney " Worker" was depatohed to get all information regarding I same, and one afternoon hejnadehis way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Ur. ThoB. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared bim one of tile happiest men in Sydney. He was about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pate and bearing still a few marks of a sritical illnesB and a period oi pain, it was very clesr that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said " Vou want to know all about my case 7 Well, I am glad o( an opportunity to tell you. The (acts may be of value to those who are stricken as I wbb." " How long were yon suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done noth ing sines then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded whilo taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in (ailing health,' and atter (our years o( gradual development oi tbe malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as bad as I could bear. They were ior all tbe world like as if a saw were cutting my bines in two in every part of me. I hsd no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nulssnoe to my* self and everyone elso. I was incessantly sbiveriug and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, apd he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order ?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I ooold not walk aoross the floor; in tact, I could not get ont of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a ques tion of day* when I would give up the ghost. My doetor was attending me, and did all be could, by opium and morphia pilla, to ease the agony I was in. I was under Jiim tor five or ait weekB. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or pro gressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of iheapinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances olgait, and difficulty in co ordination voluntary movements. He told me that I might never geUhe use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medioal opinion is not infallible.) Well, just asa drowning man will grasp a straw, I grasped at an idea conveycd by the advertisment de scribing the cure effected in the oase of another 1 boiler-maker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman" by Dr. Williams Pink Fills for Pale People. I read in the advertise ment of a case which seemed to lit my own. I determined lo give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as mar vellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was ihn matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for manyaduy. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You tee those cratches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. WilliamB' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them," He is lOOpercent. better," saidMrs. Jarvifi, who had come in and taken the baby on ber knees. "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills fur Pale People have tared his life, and mads another man of him.". A friend who called in at this point said lhat Jarvis looked ten years younger lhat day than be did a fortnight previous. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a ] co'd bath, and all thefeeling has comeback into my legs. I ascribe alt lha change and benefit to D', William*' Pink Pillj. They bare saved niy lil'e. I am in no pain now, whatever, and fe:l like a new man. On the mantelpiece there it a box of opium and morphia pills which the dootor gate me to deaden the excruciating pain. Bat Ibey can stay where they are, lor I no lunger need them. Everybody who knows me baa been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again baa cawed quite a aenaationout here." Such i» this remarkable history, and it con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of tbiaciiuntry of ihe as'onishing cures wruught by Dr. Williams' Pink Fills for Pate People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, al«o the many disorders which arise from an impoverished slate of the bluod, such as anosmia, pale and sallow com plexion, general musenlar weakness, indigestion, loss ol appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.8.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our repoiter in connection with the re markable caw of Thomas Jarvis. Mr U'Qowan says he bas known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Ol-be Island abaltoira twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards beard I hat Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that theie was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Oowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery ofJarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from Die Sr. Williams' Medicine (X, Darragh's Building', Queen-street, Brisbane, who will forward, post paid, on re ceipt ol stamp* or post order, one box for 2s Od, cr half a dozen for 15a ltd. See that the genuine Or. Williams' are gotten. 