Tbree Cornish Stories. I. 4 There edn* no sich thing as ghosts,' said Mrs. Tonkin ; 4 but we do be'old the sperrits of the dead just when the breath do leave the body, before they are gone total and complete, but when they do be gone they don't never como baok: they can't, or else they don't want to/ ? Sperrits of the living/ added Hn Tre witctien, 4 is different. Ef you see the sperrit of a live man wen the days do lengthen, the man will live long ; bat ef you seen et when the days do shorten, he will die soon. *Twas August month when V&ylor; Diok saw his wife's eperrit, and she died op MioL&elmas; day. Diok oome into our house one night to touch a pipe with the maister. Et was a bad night, with wind and flaw. The lamp was lit, but the blind was up, and Diok was setting by the window. Sadden he see his wife's faoe, as white as a wall, and ehinen wet with the rain, glazen (staring) in upon him. He got np and want out, thinlnm she'd oome to call 'en baok for some then ; but there wadn' nobody there. Diok was in a brave fright, you may be sure. 'A runned home as hard as 'a could, and there fa ded find his wife r&prinklen; linen ; and when he asked her, she said she hadn't stirred abroad that night* Then et come to him how 'twas August month, and the days a-ehotfenen, and his heart sunk in him. But 'a dedn' tell he what he'd seen, for fear she'd go mazed with the fright of et; just keeped queeat and waited, poor man, and hoped and feared for six weeks ; aud then the fever oome, and Dick's wife was the first et took. ' Eis, sure, so 'a was, poor soul/ exclaimed | Mrs Pohue.' I d' mind et well ; et was the year mother diod, dear beauty !' * D'ye mind what oome to our poor dead Kate's husband the night mother 4iedPf anked Mrs Tonkin. 4 Ess, sure ; *at was a queer thing/ said HrsFolsue* 4Jeffiy, you're the one to tell that.' ' Mr Trembath stopped pacing tho room, and began as follows Q. Et was about this tinr. of year, and the boats were up to Plymouth after the herring. There was the time when I had a boat myself, the Vashti et was called, and Jack Semmons, who married our sister Kate, was in it with me. We had a spell of bad weather — very dirty weather 'twas that winter— and the boat was kept in harbour night after night. Us used to sleep aboard mostly ; but onoe et happened, I don't mind how, that we were all ashore for the night —all but Jack, who stayed aboard to mind the boat. In the morning, when we come aboard, we found Jack looken brae'm wisht. 4 Lads/ says he, 1 somethun queer come to me last night. -1 woke up in the middle of my deep, thinkan so me men moved, on my face. I lay there all of a swe&t; in the dark ; there wadn' notheu astir, but I fdt as et the cabin was full of ecmethen. Then I did hear a sound, like as ef someone was tubben hands softly together to rub the cauld out. Et wadpen here nor there ; et seemed all over the cabin at onoe ; and et turned my sweat to & shever. I ooulden move, though I tried; I lay ihere and glased and strained my eyes; to see, tMl I fdt the darkycess down on them like a black cloth. And then lads,' says Jack, 4 1 felt a hand pass over my faoe— such a small, soft hand. Thinks I, I'd know that hand; tber's only one hand as soft and small as that; et's dear mawthei J enoy 's hand, sure enough. After a bit I put up my hand to touch to 'nL £t dedn't move away, but it was gone— mdted, Eke, atween my hand and my face ; and my hand touohed my own flesh. Now, lads/ said Jack, * whbt do ye think of etp What do . hmiA mesn P 4 Et is & token,' said I, * a token of some then, and I don't like to think what.' And sure enough, that day a letter come from home tellen us mawther had died in the night. 4 Eh, ot wis a wisht thing, sore/ said Mrs. Polsue. 4 But to my mind the Strang est token of all that ever happenod in our family was the one that oome to father with the lily/ ' And this is the story as die told it. xn. When mawther died, die was buried in our family grave up to the simmetery ; and father planted a Illy otst her. *A toded et and watered et, bat do what he would, ot would® flower sot flourish. Every Sunday for most* yes* be put oh bis blaok ooat and went up thcco and tended et, bnt et wadden j vo.matmer of use. . Bat at last, one Sunday he come home, and says to me, 'Jane, I flo believe mawther'a lily have made a start at last. Simmento mo et looks like buddeny ssy«he. Tather was ^btae'sc glad over et, Jot ha had set his heart ou maken that Illy g&w.; -1 ^Next lta&day; Iw weai again! When he 4&mebiok; ie wai in m fine state. t EHsootf *. .he says, ' ot is in blowth—ihe biggest, wHtest lily ever you behold— a beauty ^ud jio mistake. I am main gfed, that ! am. Bat Jane/ says he,^ 4 1 well idl ye a queer thing. ' I was .sianden looked at et, aadihiaken upon j®ur tnawther,oad t see ihe^alk bend orer, sod i2»t lily did pod tome-~«{ I doUve et did. Jane/ says he, 4«$jdid loak£p me JOcea toksi-from your aawfttsf, mam is dshewas to im* 4 Hanld your tongue!' says £, * etwasthe wind/ 4 There was no wind blawen to- da^k* says he. 4 Then you were dreamen/ aays t. f Et may be so/ aays father. But he waa took dangerous next day, and died afore next Sunday oome .round/— ' Ohasles Lbs. . . 