, REAL GHOST STORIEft Tiic-ie arc. of course, a variety of opinions with regard io the merits of II.r T, W. Stead as a literajry man. Some think that he more than s&e; ordinary amount oi brain* served out t3-5tn>* individiuil :::-i>3. Others hold that is a crank ni r.he machinery, and that--as ihe old Seoiti-li engiriesr of a ine/cani-iie steamer o:;remarked of a jnan-of-.vai' ofiicer, ha k&ows; sacli a deuce of Ss lot that he doesiv't exactly know what lie does know. But of tlie fact that he is '.an emerprfsinsp. journalist with a knack ! ci hitting off She pub-He taste at tfie risht moment few have any doubt v.'ki.t-vtr. If be "read!," as some eri-'rits have saH;.- he is-, as Hamlet say.3 of himself, only '^lafl nor'-nor'- wes-V and when tlie win si; is southerly he '"Snows a hawk from brrnshaw." For example, it will' ho in tlie recollection of our readers tiiat in t&e; "Review of Reviews" of 1S91-2;-He tool; ap the text "There- are more tiiing^ f*et\veen heaven and eaitSi chun are dreamed: of in yaur pftiibsophy" and pr^&ehed; tlier^on rigiit eloquently. Some portions of tfte- sermon have?-been collected; and a.re now issued unester the title 3f" "Res.':' (Sbost -Stories" <UfelTs Colonial Library, tSeorge Robertson and Co.) *3"nfe author "candidly admits that "it i? an offence- to some to take a ghost £00 seriously,"' and ;he also advises that the mrratives had (better not be read by any one of temSer years, of nioiSid excitability, or of excessively nervous temperament. YTeII, we have read"-them" In fflooo, and' ftofd tlie humble opi-hion that tlte average man or woman 'might follow car exaanpJe with impunity: For example, we have the following description of a: Hauntedhouse iu the eatir^try:— "Some years ago I one day met a ladv with whom I was slightly acquainted, who told roe that she was 011 tlie eve of making a change ot" residence; Slle addtd that her husband had : tafen a three years' lease of a house in road, and wlien she described-tlie cosUY improvetnenis which 1 ' were being; carried on in order to make ihe abode luxuriously habitable, I remarked that the aitserations were more in keeping with a long rather than a short lease. My surprise, therefore, was great, v. ;ien a tew mcnliis later I beard that, the family, whom I will hero call the Srnyth.es,- had removed not only from the house in question, bu't from the vicinity. together. _&:iout four years later we rauoved to a house in the same road—No. 8; ihe house formerly occupied by tlie Smytlies. beiiig then a very dismal-looking residence. "The hinges of its heavy gate were coated with rust, the front garden?- and- approach covered with wiid yrowth, while the massive portico and sills wore a bofelessly blackened complexion, and' 1 again wondered why the SmytHes had removed so suddenly. , About this time 1 received a visit from a lady whose acquaintance I had made .-1 month or two previous, and she beg«n at once to discourse on the merits of "the houses composing our road. *I always likedtthe terrace," she said, 'and you may judge we must have been terribly unnerved' to leave; JSro,"~!S as we diQ." I started, aud looked astonished. 'Did'you not know,'" she continued, 'that we lived for"nearly a year at No. s? We took an expiring lease of the house from a Mr Sniythe. The family had only been in it'a few months when they left very hurriedly, although no expense had been spared in the way of improvements to Hie liouse itself. Every one was surprised; but 3dr Smythe told me that his "wife was suffering from great nervous depression, and the doctor had ordered her • immediate removal at any cost:" '" and; she added, "After we had been in the house a little time I ceased to wonder at her nervous iitiu-^s.-siOiv. 01- me sudden removal of the family; for the probable f developed all too speedily in our own daily lives.' She went on to say, '1 am not at all superstitious, but it is a fact that Ions before we were settled in our new abode every one became cunseious of an eerie, uncanny feeling- pervading tli2 house and seeming almost atmospheric.' My friend then entered very fully into gruesome detail. She said that apart from the sense of the ghostly depression of which she had spoken, nothing was seen or heard for two or tlrn e weeks before their arrival. "When cne evening, while sitting: ill the dining-room with her husband, an Australian captain, they were suddenly startled by -a loud knocking in the li reside recess; a few minutes later the knocking was repeated in the recess on the other side, and after a time was repeated also in recesses-in the back. room. My friend, whom I will here call Mrs A., immediately sent to the adjoining house to laiow if any one-^as - knocking for aid, but-the answer returned- was that Mr and Mrs were in tlie dining-room, the form-er being confined to ihe couch by indisposition. G11 several occasions a peremptory knocking at the dining-room door was heard, but when, on more thrvn one occasion, tlie door was quickly ojiened from the inside, no one was visible. One evening; soon after the captain's departure-, for Australia, Mrs A. was sitting alone in the breakfast-room, this room being- iii'ftlle basement; no one else was in the- house, for tlie children were at a. juvenile gathering in the neighborhood, and the servant had gone to bring them lionie. Mr friend was busiiy engrossed in writing, when suddenly she was startled' by tiie tread of slippered feet across ihe dining- room floor, and she also distinctly heard leather chair moved'some di'sTaisce aloii; the ground, and she at once concluded that thic-ves were in the houso. "A dog which lay on-1 lift' rug also heard the sounds, for he pricked up his ears and barked. Wthout a moaaent's delay she flew to the door, calilat;- the to follow her, intending as she did so to open the iia.ll door and call for assistance; but the dog, thous'h an excellent 11 ons; dog: crouched at her feet and v/hintd, but would not foliow her up the slairs, so she carried him up in hei* ixrms, and, reaching the d\wr called for assistance; when, -however, the dining room doors were opened the rooms were iii perfect e^dv.-r unci destitute of any signs of"ii£e. The s?rv;»-Mt tcid her afterwards that, as she-sat In tlie. iriteben, she loue^tedly heard lVxitsteps ovoritead at limes whin she kii-w tiie rooms were Xjerf^ctly empty. "Af'toi- the family iiad been in the houfw a few w-5eks. a wfiite ntbbit madtits* appearance.' This, uncanny animal won Id su-dctcnly appear in a room iii which members ot the family were seated, and after gliding round and clipping under chairs and tribes, would di^apper-r ihrough a brick w.iti t-asily as through au open doer. Mrs A. then ret-.d smother ineidttiu which had evidently made a prof-<ica-l . her. ' She said that as caijUiu wa.- so^f-Mom at home, »jkJ tiie lu»us« was v- i-y lai-^-e. 4<h.- w.i» soli<«1ou? lhat the ehJWrcn shaikh is risible, he U»>pt- tn • ii.'4>py ih'd:- weir^, stivruiiiidiiigs. '•Ghostly piw.-ihiliih.^ were r.evcr -.il- ; : Jndrd '.o in theiy yvesenee; siie uas. 1 iiff sre, herrifiecs evening, when sitting I in the dining-room in company with her young da-x»?i»tc-r—a child nine years— at s-viiifr ;-K-r sudd»'idy s^-iiig to bet- fee.: from hei seat on tho r'jjr, and exclaim. 'Ji amiw, look at that eri^phtg round Oie walU' The mcithPr locktd in the Hirvetion to which h::.ad poinb-d. but ?.iw nothing. She then ond-.<V'>ied ta fJiverE the eb ! 5.^ attention, assuring her thai it was. fe.Jy 3ier nervous fancy. She liUy %UCC0cdCCi ; aUhOi^i; ih' 1 liLllV: 3>ne :-d .much, agitated. A l'c-u- -nriuules affcor, however, she sprang to bcr mother's side the second time, again exebiiiidng". "There is that boy a^ain?. Look, mfimma, he has slipped under the iabh ." She wa? greatly ierriiied, and begged to be taken from the room." The resl ghost in this episode remains ;inseer., but the white rabbit remain. 1 ;, and finally drives the inmates from the house. Of such ghosts, ev-ra- Alice in V"underlan»> would have- but JiUtle fear. 