humaW SAfeiiipicics. Mr. J. H. Swainsoti ha^t ooumiuiicaied a de scriplion of viMta whidi ^he has paid to Benin and io the African chle? Kinilt town. At one time JBetun City was the centre of the alave trade, the Portmruese alatem beine theuur chasers. l'hePortugue«e%*bBrMc-^ni,'or pits, were still to be seen at Benin. Hi.Swainson was tbe third white man who had up to the lime of bis flrat rfrit bwoaeen fa Benin. Th« num ber of the Kio^s bodyguard is altogether about 200 — all naked, and each with a brass ring on ooe of bis ankles. The King received Mr. Swainson ma very friendly way, and also his presents of silk and cloth witb equal rrsdiuess. The Kiog promised to do all he could for trade, but he wonld not remove tbe 'Ju Ju,'or fanatical embargo, Irom the copal and tbe gum. Tbe King told Mr. Swainson be wsa going to hold one of his human sacrifices, and asked him if he would like to see it. This Mr. Swainson declined, and he hurried out of the town, fear ing tbe safety of his own bead. Tbo rights that were witoeensed by tbe Englishmen were of tbe most revolting description. On oue tree wbicb bad beat trained for such purpose*, a woman had been crucified. Tbis was because there bad becu too much sun for l be crop, aud to propitiate the King's *'JuJu' tbe woman was tied Bp, with baoda and legs outatretched, on the tree. The third time Mr. Swainson visited this sepulchral city was in 1892 with 1 Consul Captain Gallway, Dr. Hanley, and Mr* | Hutton, and was to try sod get the Kiog to - I sign a treaty. Tbe King kept his visitors wait I rag two hours for the V palaver.' Tbis wa* to I sbow his Ko/al dguity. Whon be app *u*d be was dressed in a suit of coral, onl- bis eyes, nose, fingor-tipJi, aud toes being visible, and so ricid was tbe garment that the Kiog could neither stir nor do anything for himself. An imm- use umbrella was held over bim, and fan* beaiers bad all their work cut out to keep their sable ruler cool and the flies off. Eventually tbe treaty wa* figned, and then the King in vited the white men to see him ' kill his father.' Tbis, it was explained, did not mean tbe aetual murder of tbe former King, as he bad been dead many years, but it was the anniversay of his death, and every year it was supposed that the worthy parent's spirit rose from the ground, and 44 to lay the ghost,' 18 men were killed. Captain (Jallway not only declined the iovitation, but told the King, through the inter preter, that such horrible sacrifices would not be permitted in future. Whether tbe interpreter conveyed the full meaning of tbe words to tbe King could not be known.bnt tbe King laughed, and the matter ended. Tbe 18 men were killed alter tbe Commissioner had left. The mode of sacrifices was most shocking. A rope was tied rouod the neck of tbe victim, the other * nd being fastened to tbe bough ot a tree, wbicb was bent by the weight. Tbe bead of tbe victim was then cut off witb a sword or large knife, and the j bough of the taee flew bade, hurling the head into the air,and allowing tbe body to fall to the earth. 