'Authenticated Ghost Story.! Tiie following story was told l.y. tlio celebrated Bishop Willmrforeo, of Wih clicst^r, in his Mpmoin. For many rpiisons, chief anion# which is the unim pnachablenpss of its narrator, this ac count lm.s a just claim to the titln of the best nutheiiticutcd ghost story on re cord. Bishop Williorforce was always a vpry strong and emphatic .disbeliever in ghosts, until this experience befel him. The believer in ghosts will be further interested to learn that the Bishop or, aR he then wns, Canon, was at the time in his usual robust state of health, and not at all in that condition which op ponents of ghost-seeing declare to be conducive to seeing visions. He was staying with a well-known Catholic family in the village of ? , in Hamp shire ; and, as the dinner-hour ap proached, lie went up tiybis room in the usual way to prepare niinself for the meal. The hour was about 7 o'clock, one December evening ; and as the Canon emerged from his bedroom and was going down to dinner, he passrd a monk going towards tlie library. As fhe' faniily were Roman Catholic, he took no notice of him, thinking, of course, that he was a guest staying at the house. .The dinner had begun some time, and as Wiltierfore did not ace the monk' there, he casually nsked-' a lady iu*xt to him if the monk wits staying at the house. The lady turned deathly pale, and then in a stiffed way told the Canon that he' had seen the family ghost. The family ghost, it appears, was a monk, who appeared periodically, and not pai ticularly in the dead hours of tlio 'night. Tlie ghost was that of a former father-confessor to the family, who, it was remembered, had died rather suddenly and apparently in some distress of mind. Naturally, the Canon was somewhat startled at the time, but, how ever, the incident passed off aud nothing more was said about it. About 11.30 _? Li i. ? \\\7*u ? e ? ? i imi«- uigiii, uuwMvrr, luwriurut*, nt) whs his custom, was reading in his library ; everybody else had gone to bed, when the dooi opened and in came the monk. A brave man nt all times, tlie Canon kept (juiet, but was really very fright ened, and he noticed the monk go to a bookshelf, search high aud low for something or other, aud, not apparently finding it, take a hasty glance round the room, and then go out, slamming the door after him. As soon as the scared Canon could sufficiently recover his senses, he went to bed. Next evening he determined to solve the mystery, and was sitting in the library as usual, when a creak on the stairs- told him someone was coming. Then the door opened, and there the monk was again. A little frightened and scared, Wilberforce was, nevertheless, able to keep his head cool, and when the tnonk went, as usual, to the bookshelf, by a great effort the Canon asked him what he wanted. The monk turned round, and with a smile, said 'that he was glad that someone had spoken to him, as he was tongue-tied, and dare not speak to anyone before being spoken to. He went on -.to say that he had come to look for a bundle of incriminating papers lie naa letc on tne top of,, tho -bookcase before he died, and that tlie idea had 'so haunted him that he would never rest peacefully until he . had found, them. The Canon then volunteered to get tliem down for the monk, and mounted the ladder to do so. Sure enough, at the top of the bookcase, he found a large bundle of mysterious papers, which he handed down to the mysterious' stranger. He then came down anil asked -the monk what lie wanted to do with them. .With a weird look in his eyes, the latter said they must be burned, as they contained im portant secrets about members of the family to which he was the fathercon fpssor, and which, if revealed, would no dqubt haye'icaused. considerable unhappi ness to their descendants. So the two of them piitthem on the fire and watched theni burn. ; As soon as the last sheet disappeared in the flames, the monk took his leave, and was never seen again. 