Bentley's Ghost. It all happened during my second voyage to Rio In the Vixen. Mark Bentley had taken passage with us, and a likelier young man you never saw. He was going to enter the establishment of his uncle, Nicholas Barton, of the firm of Barton and Clippinger, brokers and ship- ping merchants, and as old Barton was getting on in years, and had no nearer kin, it was generally understood that young Bentley would be helr to his large fortune. We had been out a week from Liver- pool when Mark disappeared. Over board — that was all we could make of it, sir, and there wasn't a man aboard the Vixen but was shocked at the incident. The whole thing was a mystery, for there wasn't a soul could tell for certain what had become of Bentley. But as he was not on board, there was only one conclu- sion to come to, and that was he had fallen overboard and been lost. But as he was a young man who never took strong drink, and as there had been no stormy weather since leaving port, the mystery about poor Bentley's dis- appearance seemed all the more puzzling. The night of Bentley's disappearance was very dark, and about three In the morning, as I was taking my turn at the wheel, I thought I heard a splash forward, and I was pretty sure someone had gone overboard. I threw a couple of life-buoys over and gave the alarm ; but, bless you, they only pooh-poohed at me, and then the mate flared up and says to me : "Spriggine, you'd better take less grog, and you won't see men going overboard lite this." Well, they didn't make so light of me when It was discovered that Bentley was missing, which was not till some hours after ; but Captain Strong refused to lay by, swearing a good deal that such an accident should happen aboard him. "If passengers will go staggering overboard in fair weather," said he, "or, what's more likely, commit suicide, I am not going to stand by a wholeday to look for a corpse lying at the bottom of the sea." So, with sails set, we continued our course to Rio. Of the Indies a heavy squall struck us and carried us far out of our course, and for the next week the weather was about as rough as one would want to see. Aside from a small leak which was sprung and some cabin sky- lights which were smashed by falling yards, the Vixen suffered no damage to speak of. I think it was the night after the storm had blown Itself out that Bentley's ghost was first seen. It was well on in the night, and I was taking my turn at the wheel, when all of a sudden Magsby comes on deck looking as white as a sheet. Magsby was a man of about forty, who had taken passage to Rio, and barring the fact that he drank a good deal of liquor, I knew nothing about him. Well, he comes up to the binnacle, and leaning on the rail, looks as if he might go over, so white and shaky was he. After standing there a moment and say- ing nothing, he asks : "Do you believe in dead men's ghosts ?" "I cant say," I replied, "as I never saw one." "Well," says he, after a moment's silence, "If I didn't see Bentley's ghost In my cabin just now, then I never saw anything in my life." Of course, I thought he had only been drinking a little too much, and had imagined be had seen a ghost. So I only smiled and said that I guessed he had been dreaming or had had a nightmare. "No, sir," he said, running his hand over his face, as if to brush something away ; " It was no dream, and I say to you, as certain as this ship is sailing, I saw the ghost of Bentley to- night." "Nonsense !" said I. "Surely you can't believe what you are saying. It's only a fancy." But for all that, there was something In the man's look that gave me a kind of "creepy' feeling. "Say what you will," he replied ; "but just come to my cabin with me as soon as you are relieved from your post, and you can see for yourself." With this, he walked forward and stood leaning on the rail, gazing into the sea. Although it is no uncommon thing to meet sailors who firmly believe in such superstitious stories, I am not one of them. Still I couldn't get the man's words and looks out of my mind, and when I was relieved I went to him, and, in a light tone, said : "Come, now, and we'll go down and take a look at Bentley's ghost." Without a word, he led the way to his cabin. It was quite dark In there, for there was no light save what came through a bit of skylight that hadn't been covered with a tarpaulin. I was about to strike a light, when he caught me by the arm and turned my face towards the bunk where he had been sleeping. "Look !" he cried, in a frightened whisper, his hold tightening on my arm. "I saw it again, but it faded away ! There— there It is !" I turned my -face towards the bunk, and as I did so I saw a kind of shimmer- ing light hovering over the pillow. It seemed to move back and forth with the swaying vessel. Then of a sudden it grew brighter, and, as I am living, there was the face of Mark Bentley as plain as I see yours this moment. Well, sir, you might have knocked me down with a feather, I stood there looking at it till a kind of cry came from Magsby. "You see it ?" he asked, just as if they were the last words he would ever speak. "Yes," says I, "I — I saw something — " He uttered a groan, and I think he would have fallen had I not caught him. When I looked again, the strange vision had disappeared. Magsby and I went from the cabin to- gether, and from that moment he never entered the place again. He slept with me in the bunk that night ; that is, he turned in with me, but I don't think he closed his eyes all night. Of course the story that Bentley's ghost had been seen in Magsby's cabin was soon known to every sailor on board, and there was no end of talk over the strange incident. I was called upon to tell all I knew about the affair, and my story was listened to with mingled ex- pressions of doubt and credulity. The next night a crowd of sailors visited the cabin where the vision had appeared, but nothing was seen of the ghostly visitant. Magsby, however, kept aloof from the place, and could not be induced to enter. He seemed to be terribly downcast, and in a few days a change had come over him. His cheeks were hollow, his face haggard, and he was for ever glancing about him, as if he expected at any moment to see something dreadful. One night he came to my cabin, and throwing himself on the edge of the bunk, said in a husky voice : "Tain't no use in trying — I can't stand this ; it's worrying the life out of me." ''Why — what is ?" I asked, though I well knew what he meant. "Bentley's ghost," was the reply. "Its going to drive me into the sea yet, to follow poor Bentley." "That's all foolish talk," I said. "It is a little strange what we saw in the cabin that night ; but what's the harm of it ? Didn't I see it as well as yourself ? Still, I don't see that's any reason that I should go talking of jumping into the sea over If." "But you, don't know all," he went on, in a strange, hesitating way. Then, letting his voice sink to a whisper, he said, with a sort of gasp, as if the words were forced from him : "Spriggins, I've got to tell it to someone— I murdered Mark Bentley !" As you may believe, the fellow's words completely upset me. I hardly knew whether to believe his words or not, for I had about come to the conclusion that poor Magsby had gone clean daft over the ghost business. "What ! Do you mean to tell me that you killed Bentley ?" I gasped, as soon as I was able to find my voice. "It is the truth, as I live and as Heaven is my witness !" I could only stare at him in blank amazement. "Yes," he went on, "I pushed him overboard the night you thought some- one had fallen over. Why did I commit the dreadful deed ? Well, I can soon tell you, though I reckon the word 'drink' would explain it, for, though I had reasons to wish him out of the way, I would never have taken a human life ex- cept when under the influence of strong drink. My name is not Magsby, but James Green, and l am a first cousin of Bentley's, though he did not know me when I came aboard, for we had not met for many years. You see, I had some notion that I might inherit the most of Nicholas Barton's fortune if Mark was out of the way, but as my life had been a wild one, I knew that my uncle would leave me nothing once Mark should reach Rio. I did not know that my cousin was on board till after we had set sail, and then I was so filled with rage and disappointment that I began to drink heavily. It was In a fit of drunken madness that the idea of putting my rival for my uncle's money out of the way first came to me. The opportunity soon come. I found him leaning over the rail one dark night, and, striking him a heavy blow, I hurled him into the sea. That is the story. His ghost has returned to haunt me, and I shall give myself up to the authorities when the Vixen returns. " With these words he left me. I in- formed the Captain of Magsby's confession, and, like myself, he was at first inclined to doubt the man's sanity ; but it was thought best to keep a watch upon him till the affair could be investigated on our arrival at Rio. But a suprise awaited us there, for when we dropped anchor in Rio Harbour, who should came on board but Mark Bentley, alive and well, and not looking the least bit like a ghost ? Well, you can imagine the surprise of every soul of us when he stepped upon the deck. As for Magsby, he looked like a corpse ; but when he found that it was really Bentley in the flesh, he was the happiest mortal I ever set eyes on, Bentley had escaped a watery grave by almost a miracle. He was stunned when thrown overboard, but the cool water revived him, and while swimming about in the darkness, he came in contact with one of the life-preservers I had thrown overboard. He managed to cling to this till day-light, when he was picked up by the Penguin, a steamer bound for Rio, so he arrived in port nearly a week ahead of us. Magsby— or Green, as his real name was— was so repentant for what he had done that Bentley forgave him, and a few days later he shipped in an English ves- sel for Liverpool, and that was the last I ever saw of him. As for the ghost— well, it was a very simple thing when we come to understand It. When the story was told to Bentley, he seemed puzzled at first, but in a moment be smiled quietly, and said he could soon explain the whole affair. With this he mounted the sky- light, and came back with a small square of glass in his hand. It was what he called a dryplate photograph negative, and con- tained his own picture. He was an amateur photographer, and had been printing some pictures he had taken on shore, and had placed them on the sky- light of one of the cabins, so as to be out of the way. An old negative of himself he had thrown aside, and it had got caught in a crevice of the sash and stuck there. Afterwards, when some of the skylights had been broken in the storm, a tarpaulin had been placed over them to keep out the spray from the waves, and as the spot where the negative lay became uncovered, the moon shining through it had had something of the effect of a magic lantern, and had caused an enlarged picture of himself to be thrown into the cabin below. When a cloud passed over the moon, as it undoubtedly did while we were looking at it that night, the picture disappeared. It was all simple enough when we understood it ; but if Bentley had never turned up to explain the affair, I would never have been cer- tain I did not see a ghost that night aboard the Vixen. 