KINGSTON. (From Our Correspondent.) January 8. At the usual monthly meeting nf the District Council on Monday last it was decided to call for teuilers for a Vermin Inspector, and the 1st of February was fixed upon for commencing simultaneous destruction of bunny. Seeing that all notices for simultaneous action inserted in the Cfovcrnmcnt Gazette distinctly state that such actiou must be continued until the work of destruction is completed, it seems slightly absurd aud altogether unnecessary to re-adver tise every year, unless of course it is supposed that a fresh hatch arrives each year. The ap pointment of an Inspector is a most important part of the programme, and I for one regret that the Council has thought fit to call for ten ders instead of fixing the amount of remunera tion and then appointing the best man offer lug. Ie is not every man who is suitable for the position. It requires a considerable amount of activity, the ability to conduct prosecutions in Court, and above all the Inspector should he fearless iu doing his duty_ irrespective of per sons. These are qualifications not so likely to be found by calling tenders for the work, even though the usual " neither' the lowest or any tender necessarily accepted" be tacked on to the notice. It is to be hoped that the Council will impress upon whoever is appointed that he is to be absolutely free to carry out his duties fearlessly, even if it should be found necessary to make an awful example of a councillor, sup posing it to be possible for one of the city fathers to so far forget his own interest and his duty to his neighbors as to neglect his duty. Seeing that South .Australian machinists are apparently unable to manufacture rabbit ex terminators, and that they have to be imported from neighboring colonies where greater talent exists, would it not be well for our Government to admit such machines free of duty ? or are they afraid that the rabbit freezing business at Port Adelaide would suffer 1 A gentleman who spares no expense in try ing the best machines procurable has shown me customs' charges on two machines he has lately purchased at £3 2s fid and £5 respec tively Ex 'Emu' from Melbourne— 1 rabbit exterminator value£8 2 6 Add 10 per cent 16 3 £8 18 9 as £9. Duty 20 per cent, ou £9=£116s Ex train from Melbourne— 1 rabbit exterminator, value£5 0 0 Add 10 per cent; 10 0 £5 10 0 Duty 20 per cent.=£l 2s. .freight and agency charges have of course to be added. With the country swarming with rabbits eating up what little feed the prolonged drought has left, one would think that as a matter of policy and justice to the country at large, the Government would for a time at least forget their antipathy to pastoralists, and allow their machines to come in free of duty. The bulk of tbe wool is now in for shipment, and another sailing vessel (the third) is ex pected in the course of a day or so to load direct for London. Bark stripping is still going on, but under difficulties, owing to the extreme dry weather principally, but also strange to say partly to the scarcity of labor- Why this should be I cannot say, for there are still to be seen both men and boys out of employment about the township-. Possibly bark stripping is really genuine work, and so is not appreciated like cricket or football. A good contingent went from Kingston on Monday to the Caledonian fete, most of whom returned by the late train which reached here on Tuesday morning. Since then, with one solitary exception, not even the ghost of a Scotchman has been seen about tbe township. The exception was the gallant Chief, who turned up as fresh as paint and took his seat at the Council at 12 o'clock on Tuesday. It was noticed that he was several times pucker ing up for a whistle, and was slightly deaf, but otherwise uninjured. 