MISCELLANEOUS. Secret societies in China are becoming more and mote numerous. The National Preser ver's Society especially is growing powerful in all the provinces. It advocates Western learning, and the adoption of foreign methods. " Australia has no general religions weekly worthy of the name, but it can certainly claim the credit of hiving the finest secular weekly newspapers in the world." These are the concluding word- of an article on Australian literature by Mr C. H. Irwin in Leisure Hour for June. They have a heroic way of raising revenue in the United States. To Mr Dingley, of tariff fame, is ascribed the intention to raise money by imposing a war tax upon wheels ; and it is said that the amount will be 2dol a wheel. This will hit bicycling very bard. It has been estimated that such a tax on bicycles alone would produce 50,000,000 dollars. While discussing the value of a hall mark upon gold jewelry in the Criminal Court in Perth on Monday, in the cse of Regina v. Durrant, Mr Raynes said that no reliance could be placed on the 18 carat of Swiss manufacturers, or on the marks of American manufacturers. " In fact," said Mr Haynes, " the only guarantee you have is that an article is not made in Germany." The Nvew York Jousral says :-We cer tainly have no desire to accompany Britain around the globe, standing guard over her with a gun while she dumps such African, Asiatic, and Oceanic valuables as she can lift into her bag. But if any Continental com bination should set upon Britannia and threaten to do her serious harm. we think it safe to say that such a combination would have to reckon with Uncle Sam. A London contemporary says :-admiral Field was quite correct in his -tatement, at the meeting of the London Bank of Aus tralia, that there was great scope for the colony in the exportation of meat to Japan. But when he spoke of the desirableness of the sh ep being allowed to run about oa the Japanese mountains for a month or two be fore being killed he had evidently ov 4looked the fact that the animal is shipped in the frozen state. A month or two in the re frigerator is calculated to take the running about capacity out of any sheep. A misplaced comma will sometimes lead to serious consequences, as an unfortunate American edit.r has just dkscovered. Among tLe advertisements .n his paper was one which extolled the merits of a patent medi cine, and it was a testimonial as follows : "I am now completely restored to health, after having been at death's door, through having takeg five bottles of your medicine." Unfortunately the comma after " Death's door" was omitted, and the advertiser is pro ceeding for damages on the plea that serious injury has been done to him by it having been made to appear that his repnedy kills instead of cures. Paper pulp is put to extraordinary uses nowadays; Bacing boats and railway car riage wheels seem to be unlikely enough articles to manufacture out of paper, but t hese, .as curiosities, are put in the shade by te artificial teeth now being made in Germany. They are repourted to give every satisfaction, being lighter than porcelain, and every bit as durable. Paper floors are also growing in favor in Germany. They have no joints to harbor dust, fungi, or vermin, and feel soft u, der foot. They are also cheaper than hardware fiours. The paper is spread in the form of paste, roPed, and then dry.painted to imitate wood. A shocking tragedy is reported from Mid burst, in Taranaki, New Zetland (writes a Dunedin correspondent), although but few details have-as yet come to hani.' A gauger on the railway named Humphrey Hancock, during the absence of other members of the fami!y, cut,..be throat of his-daughter, 20 years of a&e;, and then committed suicide. He went about the work of self-destruction in a most deterdmined manner, for he tied a heavy railway iron 'round his neck, and then jumped int a.well full of water. The man had been infected for some time previously with pains in the hi ad,and itis presumed that in a frenzy of madness he first took his daughter's life and then his own. SSaturday's Bunbury Heratd says:--" Ats last there has been tangible evidence adducel of the commercial existence of a coalfield at the Collie by the arrival at Bunbury for the retail market of the first consignment of coal. Although this consignment is of very diminutive proportions, and as such may be deemed by some to be too insigonlficant to be worthy of mention, to those who have watched the development of the coalfields or, to be more correct, who have watched for their development-the tact that one com pany is in a position to supply coal is satis factory as tending to the early realisationof the ardent hopes entertained by them of the establishl?nment in this district of an induslfy, the importance of which to the colohy cannot be exaggerated. It not only is the fact that coal has been sent from the field to market satisfactory, but this pleasurable fact is enhanced considerably by ,the unquestionably high quality of the coal. We have time and again maintained that if careful selection is male of the class of coal sent to market the Collie is capable of pro ducing an article of fuel in no way inferior to imported coal, and we are pleased that the first consignment is of a quality which bears out our contention. With a few more such high-grade consignments the mouths of the detractors of the local article will be closed against decrying the Collie coal as inferior in any way to thearticle for which thousands of pounds of the taxpayers' money is annually sent out of the colony." A Denver concern is endeavoring to or ganise " the Klondyke and Cuba Ice- towing and Anti-Yellow-Fever Company." It aro poses to tow icebergs from the polar regions to the tropics. The capital stock is 10,000,000dol., divided into 10,000,000 shares, at Idol. a share, and 5 per cent. dividends a month are guaranteed, with extra dividends quarterly. It ii true that it costs very little to tow icebergs; that there is a great demand for ice in the tropics and that cold-storage hospitals would be useful in yellow-fever epidemics. If several large icebergs could be towed into Havana Harbor every month, they could doubtless be sold at a large profit. But the managers seem to be somewhat over-sanguine with regard to the gold dust and nuggets which they expect to get out of the icebergs as they melt, and it is somewhat doubtful whether this by-product will pay all tr,e cxpen'es of maintaining the company, as represented. The annuuncemcnt that Lord Balfour of Burleigh was to succeed Lord Elgin as Governor-General of India was made by the flestt?inster Gazette some weeks ago. The London Spectator. in commenting on the report, said :-" We trust that . the news may be true. Lord Balfour of Burleigh has shown himself' a man wise and prudent in counsel, and we have little doubt that he would show the firmness and refusal to be rushed into big things by his subordinates without due deliberation, which are essential to a Viceroy. Lord Balfour is 49 ; he is sa d to have displayed marked capacity in regard to financial matters-a necessary qualifica tion just now-and he has the prestige which Cabinet rank carries with it in India. A Viceroy who has been the colleague of the man who sends him orders isthe better able, if occasion arises, to use his own judgment. It is possible, of course, that I ord Balfour would not leave Englautd; but of all the names yet mentioned his is certainty the best." The newest and strangest achievement of the electric current is to print jet black pictures without ink. At least, this is one of several remarkable applications of electricity to the obtaining of impressions of line blocks and letter type which Mr W. Friese-Greene exhibited and described before the Croydon Camera Club recently. The method pursued is simple in the extreme. A sheet of pre pared paper is placed under an uninked metal block, and at the moment of contact an electric current is sent through the block and paper. The latter is then delivered by the machine with a clear black print of the block. The time needed for the current to make its mark is so short that practically the printing is effeited as fast as. the press can be fed by hand. Another no less wonderful discovery shown was one whereby an in visible and apparently undetectable image was electrically impressed upon an ordinary sheet of paper, which, beyond damping, had received no preparation whatever. On ap plying a developing solution the image flashes out black and clear.-St James' budget. An obelisk to mark the spot in Akaroa Harbor where Captain Stanley, of H.M.S. Britomart, hoisted the flag in the South Island, and thus forestalled the French (writes a Dunedin correspondent), was un veiled by Lord Ranfurly on June 14. 1 he ceremony was an interesting one. There was a large attendance, including the Premier, and Captain Brown the officers and 20 blue jackets from H.M.S. Tauranga. The French emigrants who were sent tofollow the taking possession of Akaroa, regarded as a foregone conclusion, settleddown in the district, and have almost become absorbed by the British born subjects. The subject recalls how nearly the: French were to gaining possession of the large and fertile South, or, strictly speaking. Middle Island of New Zealand, for it is almost certain that, though British sovereignty had been proclaimed, England would not have insisted in those days on France evacuating the. island. Captain Robson, who was then Governor of New Zealand, got a hint of the French mission, and, conveying his suspicion to Japtain Btanley, that officer, despite severe weather, made all haste to Akaroa, and hoisted the Union Jack, being followed a few days later by the French commander. "Orlel," in the Argue, writes :-" Have you ever moved or seconded an Address-in Reply to the Goyeraor's speech ?" I heard one member ask another lately. The mem ber hadn't, and asked to know something sbout it.. " Well, I'4 tell you," said the other. "When I was a new member I was called upon to do it 4t short notic-. It was an easy thing to me to spear, becanse I had spoken often in public. Only I had to learn something new for this. I went into the library and prepared myself. I wrote out an oration, and went to the refreshment rooms, where I lost my manuscript. The seconder of the address stole it, I believe, as he used all my ideas. It wa' too late to write another, so in the evening I went into tthe Parliamentary;gardene, and tried a little impromptu effort on the rose bushes, and got on splendidly. Trees make a grand audience; 'hey can't get up and go to the bar, or interject something, or laugh like Hancock. For two nights before the House met I had no sleep. Every rooster in the neighborhood kept calling out 'Mr Speaker -Sir:,' and when the milkman knocked I thought it was the sergeant-at-arms come to tell me that the House was waiting. An hour before the House met my friends were tell ing me I'd got delirium tremens. Every re lation I'd got in the world bad a seat in the gallery. I knew they were there, though I tried to make believe that I didn't. I tried to look indifferent and smile with the others, as if there was nothing further from my mind than the 'cry thing that my mind wa; ful of. I thought I'd speak an hour, and when the time came--I didn't know enough for five minutes." At the Royal United Service Institution, London, on May 20, Surgeon-Major W. 0. Beevor, army medical staff, delivered an ad dress on the Working of the Rontgen Rays in Warfare. The lecture WAS based on the result of experiences the officer gained during the recent operations on the North-West Frontier. The most remarkable results ob tained by the Rontgen rays were, perhaps, in the cases of bullets embelded in the back bone and hip; and in the case of an Indian soldier, who, at Rawai Pindi, was shot in the foot, pieces of the bullet finally lodging in the back of the heel; and in the case of General Wodehouse, who received bullet wounds in the leg and arm at Dargai. In every tne of the instances enumerated, the bullets were, by the use of the rays, success fully removed, the men subsequently rejoin ing their conrades at the front. Be main tained it was now the duty of every civilised nation to supply its wounded in war with an X-ray apparatus amongst other surgical aids, not only at base hospitals, but close at hand, wherever they might be fighting and expos. ing themselves to injury in the performance of their hazardous duty. At the Richmond Court (says the Argus), a young woman proceeded against her hus band, Alfred Arnold, a middle-aged man, on a charge of desertion. Mr W. H. Ford ap peared for the defence. Mrs Arnold said she married the defendant on May 12. Three weeks after the marriage her husband de serted her. Mr For i-Was it i love match ? -It was. Did you decline to get his meals ready ?-No, I did the best I could for him until he left me. In answer to further ques. times, Mrs Arnold said she knew her husband was n,'t at present in employment. She denied having brought into the house a " 'Salvation lass" against his wish, but admitted proposing to bring an illegiti mate child of hers to live with them. She denied threatening to " finish him off with charcoal fumes," but admitted throwing stones on the hou-e where he at present re sided. Defendant, whose demeanor in the box created considerable amusement,declared that he was frightened to live with his wife in consequence of her threats. She raked the fire oat on the floor, locked up the food, and used bad language to him. Since leaving her she had followed him about, and caused him to lose his billet. He had no means to support her. Mr White, J.P.-Wbo is paying your solicitor ? Mr Ford-He is fortunate in having a friend. (To witness)-Was she all right when you were courting her ?-Witness (with emphasis)-She was all right. then. (Laughter)--The Chairman (Mr White, J.P.) said the defendant had undertaken the re sponsiuility of maintaining his wife two months since, and it was incumbent on him to do so. ' here would be an order for 10s a week. We are not of those who encourage the constant chatter about the earnings of living authors, but since the Pall Mall gives certain fieures, we may repeat them, adding, how ever, that theytare given " subject to revision." The revision in some cases ought to be very strict indeed. In eight years, we are informed, 5rs Ward's novels have brought her £60,001. The figures are divided thus : " Robert Elemere," £8000; " David Grieve" and "Marcella," £18,000 apiece; "Sir George Tressady," A16,000; " tessle Costrell," £8000. ' he late, Mr Dn Maurner sold "The Martain " for £10.000 ; and at - the usual royalty of Is 6d a copyy" it is calculated "Beside the Bonnie Brier Bush" and " Auld Lang Syne" must have enriched Ian MaeLaren to the extent of £7000. The same amount is credited to Mr A. Conan Doyle for" Rodney Stone." Curiously enough also a like figure is set down to the late Mr Stevenson for a year's receipts from syndicates alone, and "Weir of flermiston" brought £3000. Yet Mr Lang affirms Stevenson was never really popular. We think Mr Lang right, and, so thinking, cannot help wondering what syndicate or syndicates paid the author of " Kidnapped" £7000 in one Year. Butdazz ling as these figures are, "Rudyard Kipling is without doubt the most highly paid author of the day." For his " Barrack-room Ballads" he received ]150; he sold his" Seven seas" for -£2200, and'has been paid at the rare of a shilling a word for serial rights. What has the New York correspondent of the Daily Mail to say to this? Edna Lyall's income is stated to be £2000 a year, and Mr Hag gard never writes for less than this sum. In France, Daudet heads the list with £40,000 for " Bappho," but Hugo was rich, and Zola has done well. unce again we are re minded thatMilton got but a paltry ten ponr d note for "Paradise Lost" while Moore received £8000 for "Lalla Bookh " (it was three thousand guineas by the way). For a single poem of no great length Longfellow, it is stated, got £200 from an American magazine, while a short lyrie brought Tennyson £628. Tennyson indeed was the most successful of all English poets, his income during the last few years of his life being set down by the Pall Mlall writer at £12,000. ''he figure is fanciful, but it is striking and may pass. Many people will be surprised to learn that irowning made £2000 a year. Mr Swinburne is credited with £1000 per annual; but Mr Moody is evidently the singer who goes to the heart (and the pocket), his total revenue from hymns being set down at £250,000. Hymn writing would appear to be almost as profit able as gold-mining. Fiction naturally stands well on the financial side, Scott, Dickens, George Eliot, Reade, Wilkie Collins, Beaconsfield, Mrs Henry Wood, Lytton, and Trollope, all made large sums by novel writ ing. For 11 novels Scott received £110,000, and £18,0.0 for his "Life of Napoleon." "Our Mutual Friend," it is said, brought Dickens £24,000, and Lord Beaconsfield was among those who got £10,000 for a novel. Gieorge IEliot got £7000 for " omola." and might have had £10,000 but for the quibbling of her artistic conscience An alarming discovery w's made shortly after 10 o'clock on Thursday night at the residence of Mr C. Y. O'Connor, " The Bungalo w," Fremantle. It appears that as M?iss Eva O'Connor was retiring she raised the window blind in her room, acting uoon a casual impulse to look out, the night being beautifully mi onlit. Her expectation of the picturesque was suddenly dispelled by the appearance of a man's face at the window. The unexpected visitor was muffled in an overcoat. He disappeared as soon us he saw that his presence was detected. The alarm occasioned by the discove y led to a g·neral locking of doors throughout the house, and with feelings of suspicion and alarm Mrs and Miss B. O'Connor went through the rooms. In a spare bedroom Miss O'Connor discovered a man beneath a bed, and both ladies bolted out of the room and apprised Mr O'Connor, who had retired, of their discovery. During this interval the would-be burglar made good his escape. He promptly emerged from his hiding place, shut the door of the room, and bolted through the window, taking a jump of about 15ft to the ground. The police were made aware of the occurrence, and an inspection gave evidence that the man had entered the house through the front door. Apparently it was the intention of the con cealed burglar to pass his expected booty through a window to his accomplice. The ceremony of taking over Weihaiwei after the departure of the Japanese iook place on May 24, when the Commissi iners entrusted with the nuty of carrying out the transfer, after certain formalities, unfurled snd saluted the Union Jack. Early in the morning a British bluejacket accompanied the local Chinese town crier round the island of Liu-Kuang-Tau, giving notice to the sound of a gong that the ceremony was about to take pisce, and that the inhabitants were summoned to witness it. At 1 o'clock 100 bluejackets of the Narcissus landed, and were marched by Commander C. L. Napier to the West Fort, where the detachment was met by 50 Chinese bluejackets from a cruiser in the harbor. Oddly enough these Chinamen, we are tol, were headed by a band playing "A Life on the Ocean Wave." At the fort there were two flagstaffs, on one of which the Chinese flag was already flying. The seamen having formed a hollow square, the commissioners of the two Powers -who were on the British side, Mr L. C. Hopkins, Consul at Chefoo, with Captain King Hall, of the Narcissus, an for the Chinese the 'I a mtai Yen, with Captain Lieu of the Chinese navy-formally exchanged their credentials. Captain King Hall then addressed those aesembled, describing the ceremony as the consummation of a free action between two friendly nations. After reading the declaration by which the harb r is leased, the Taotai replied, and the Union Jack was then hoisted, the band playing the National Anthem. A correspondent writes to an English caper :-Mysterious noises, which are said to occur nightly at Bayhall Manor House, on Lord Camden's estate at Peanbury, a small village on the outskirts of Tunbridge Wells, have caused intense excitement for miles round. The old manor, with its moss grown roof, its broken doors and windows, its old moat. can be traced 'back to the reign of King John. For several weeks past per sons residine in the immediate neighbour hood have been startled by unearthly noises and groans, and " many villagers have been heard to declare that they have seen ghostly figures walking about. Such has been the sensation caused in Tunbridge Wells that a number of well-known gentle. men have visited the house and heard what they believe to be "true spirit noises." The investigators were armed with heavy sticks, and for upwards of an hour awaited the first sound which was to signalise the presence of ghosts. According to the story told by one of them, they were straining eye and ear, when suddenly a noise, like the dragging of some, heavy body across the floor, broke the silence of the night. One or two of the explorers were paralysed with fear, but the rest were sufficiently couragecus to enter the house. In the cellar below there was a succession of thuds, followed by groans, and the result was that the party beat a hasty retreat. Visits have been paid to the house by o her parties; who have reported the groans as terrible. Meanwhile the vil lage is besieged daily Ly visitors from all parts of the county, and several men have been posted round the ruins to prevent damage being done. At Bow-street Mr Stephen, barrister, made application to Mr Lu-hington for a summons against Henry Norris, a man emp!oyed in the bar of the House of Commons, for illegally supplying intoxicating liquor to one Williamsun, a member of the public, at a place un licensed for the purpose. The facts, said counsel, were indisputable, that numbers of the public were supplied with intoxi cants from the House of Commons bar, which was not a licensed place. This was notorious and had been discussed before a commission now sitting, and it had been thought desirable to have the matter submitted to a court of law. The manager of the tefreshment department had been communicated with, and it bad been suggested that it would be better if proceedings were taken against him; but that had not been found convenient, though, of counse, under the provisions of the Licensing Act, he would be bound by the act of his servants. Mr Lushing ton, after reading the infcrmation which was handed in, said: " Yes, upon this information yon can take your summons. ' 