News in Brief. AN area of 30,000 acres near FifielA h*e been surveyed for homestead selections. RABBITS are ,becomiDg very; numerous around Molong.' THE death is reported of Mr. Martin Quilty of Woilongong, aged 87. A DAUGHTER of Mr. Albert Davis, of Bat hurst, was scalded lo death on Thurs day. ? VSPEAKINO on Sit unlay, Mr. H"gue stated thai it was the ambition of.tho Ministry to obtain Federation. THE Wyalong miners have docidod lo give financial assistance to the minorS on strike at Adelong. . . VAULEV, one of the Trial fJay escapees, has been truced lo Grafion, bun lias not yot been capturcd. . FOE the first two months of iho finanoml year, the Victorian revenue shows a com parative increase of £30,005. . Miss Annie M'Innes, a S'ate school* toiiehor, has been drowned :in. the iriver near Loatock iu the Paterson district. ; TUB elections'iu New Caledonia* have resulted in a sweeping victory ;for, the Government party. '.. 7! MR. O'Reilly, lute member for Parra mattu, is petitioning against tlio return of Mr. Ferris for that constituency, r . Mity Sydney. Smith was presented With an illumiuatod address and a' pureo of sovereigns by the citizens of Bathurat ou' Monday. . .: A; SPECIAL circular , from 'the , Cardluiti regarding, the completion of St.. Mary's Cathedml was' read in till the Roman. Catholio churches ou Sunday. 'SINGLETON pastoralUts 'suggest that the fairest way to distribute the imported Go vernment dairy, stock would bo by auction sale ' A MEETING of Wcsleyan ministers in Sydney hue puBaed motious ditapproving of the proposals to legalise the totalizator and Sunday trading in alcohol. Tiik Tick Conference in Sydney concluded on Su'urday, after arranging new quaran tine liues. Under the now tick regulations, the precautions to keep the peat out of New South Wales have been tnado as effeotivo us possible, -Mu. Hayts bus Riven notice to move iu the Assembly That, in tho opinion of this House, no exchange of land, uuder the 47* h section of the Crown La-ids Act, should bo agreed to unless for other lands on the holding, and iu no oasa for lands outside, unless adjoining or in tho immediate vicinity of tho nearost town," AT the monthly meeting of tho Wesleyun ministers Sydney and suburbs a resolution was carried recording approval of the pcjco proposals of tho Czar, and curnoftly pray* i»g-''Tiiat God, who has put this good \- thought into the hoart of the Czar. niay incline tho Governments «.f tho nations to co-upc ale iu securing tho ond so inuehto be : desired." Dn. Gallagher, R.C.; Coadjutor lliahnp of Goulbum, held confirmation servicca in'thc Oatholio Churoii, Juneo on; Sunday, E'ghty-tive wore confirmed. The BMiop was afterwards entertained at a banquet, and presented with an illuminated address and u purse of sovereigns. . The-Hibernian Socioiy also presented him with an ad dress. Large oungregations attended, both services. THE Agent-General has forwarded to the Uuiversity of Sydney a bequest of £2050, mado by the late Mr. Thomas Gorton, of London, as a recognition of his grdtiiude for the large' amount of happine 8 he. en joyed duriog tho few yrars he was resident' in Sydney. The money' is to be uted to :found two scholarships, and tho other for ; ancient history. .. TJIE following' programme, of ' cricket jnatches for tho coming5 .'aeason ' was "aHopfcea J^-Tasmanla \v.*:Ne w-South-Wales,U Sydney, Deccmber.10. . South Australia v. New South Wales, Adelaide,..December 17.' Victoria .y, New South Wales, Melbourne, D?ccmb*r '24/ '? South' 'Australia *'-v.' New South Wales,Sydney, January 7.' 'Victoria ,v. New South Wales, Sydney,' January 20. Queensland v. NewSonth Wales, iSydnev, April 1. " " ; -V . TitE cohference of masters and men with regard to tho northern coal 'trado"hold its final-meeting' on Saturday^' At" the' coal couforenco, ' the ^representatives nof;*- the masters brought forward r proposals' ..which .chey_ stated the men must definitely accept, or reject.'^. Tito proposals of. tho-colhery proprietors arc to be submitted to a' ballot of . thcominera.l There ua grave dissatisfac tionjamong),thov.Nowcastlo miners at . the1 terms of the agreement. - Mit-.BartouoniMonduytmade a scathing attack''upon tho financial. position of tho .city, of Sy3noy, pointing out that, during the past-two years the council had nllowed the; overdraft to roach * ncarlv: £73 000 ; . while, in addition, i the ^amount i\ borrowed on loan'amounted ,to nearly £1.500,000, of which !£700,000 had jgorie'iin the construc tion' of new' markets. Ho most strongly depreciated the policy of recklees1 drift' and borrow pursued by the aldermen. TUB action in Melbourne by the widow, of tho lato Dr. S. O. Willums against James Christopher, chemist, claiming £3000 com pensation for. the loss of her husband, who, it was stated, died from an injeotion of atropino alleged to have beon given by defendants son in mistake for cocaine,'was concludcd on Monday. The dofenco was that death was duo to cocaine Tho jury found for defendant, .ond judgment was entored accordingly, with costs to bo taxed. ON* the 25th August, a man named Arundel, about SO years of age, attempted to put an end to his existenoo, by cutting his throat with a r zor, at lirookung Station. He was brought into Uracil und tuken to tho local hospital. Ho iB now in a fair way to reuovery, and it is supposod ho will bo woll onough to lcavo tho hospiUl iu a few days. No reason is assigned for the rash act, but evidently in his own mind ho had decided tho question 11 Is life worth living Mit. Pitman, geologist of tho Now South Wales Mining depnrtiuent, who, in conjunc tion with Mr. Stilling, of tho V'ictoriau de partment, visited Albury in connectiou with the inspection of tho Murray flats, holds tho opinion that there is probably a valuable deep lead 300 fcot or 400 feet runniug uon as .the flat from Wodonga, and bunuatli tho Murray, about a mile abovo Albury. This load has beon touched at depths of from . SO fcot to 300 feet by botes, and there is u project to put down a series of bores in regular scquenco, so as to deGnilely dolor mino tho truccoutsc of tho lead for a inilo or a mile and a half. 1>V Aiiout a month ago Iho 0 tou cuttcr Sea Ghost was despatched Jjy tho owner -on a trading cruieo in tho Solomon'Group. - Tho cutter was undor tho command of CupUin G'olohorn, and tho Gcrman" tlay. When approaching Nusa Island,- noar Hougainvillo, the captain was in the riggings on tho lookout for reefs, and did not notice ihut tho natives, who had put out iu cinoeB ua usual, had clambered aboard in large' numbers. Cap'aiu Colohoru was descoud I ing tho rising wheu tho natives made tho attack Ho WBB surprised and being un armed, wus Boon hutcherod. Four of the native crow made a desprrato fight; but tho odds ogainst tliem woro great and they woro overcome. The other two natives of the crcw wero taken prisoners, but after wards managed to escape. Meanwhile, tho Sea Ghost had boon run ashore, and having beon looted of everything vaUuhlu, wus subsequently destroyed. The captain's body was thrown overboard, but the re mains of the four murdered natives woro taken to tho village for a cannibalistic feast. Tho Gorman war ship Falke will in due oourso procoed to the itslund to puuish the natives. In a preliminary forecast mado by tl o " Daily Telegraph" of the comiug who» t .harvest, it is estimated there are this season l.fiOO.OUO acres under crop'in New South Wales, and that the yield will be about 15,000,000 bushels. In forecasting at this early stage little more can bo done than toko the uroA undericrop, and consider (he conditions and seasons so fur. Of gourde changes may oocur, which will quickly mo dify tfre estimator made. Taken as a whole, however, the lepoits from Llio piiicipal uheut districts carry a no:o of cheerfuluesi implying iticr cased acreage under crop mul 'most favorable prospect*. Another feature of the repot ts is that, improved' methods and 'improved miohinery are . I cing largely adopted. The increase.in fche; acreage on last year is set.dowu at 2b per oent. ^ ^AvJOiNTjnwetiiig'of the, incmbers/of the "Bithurst '"bTancli ...of the (fanners ami Settlers' Association and the AgneulturaJ, vHortibultaraV»'6.ud:>Pji«toru.LABbociaUon was held on Monday. It'was d< cided to ask the member for Ua'hwrit, Mr. F. B. fcuttor, 10 Uy,;heforo the.Miuiater for.-Ag ii.ultuio ihe cl^n^a^'of .this; dJbtrici ^m .icgird tu the locatioo. of the duiry Cdillo ricmtly imipoi> ted by : the Government. Mr. birlor. was 8ubaequent!y interviewed. to aoniply with the.wuhes of the meeting. 