' PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL -ARRANGEMENT. 5^.-.r . * , A»t f An Ill-omened Room and a Terrible Nights By FEB&TJS; HUME, K">i:;'hor of "Tho Mystery of a Hansom Cab," "The Third Volume,' «Xhe LouoTun," "For the Defence," "Tho Professor's Mummy," ' Sea., &c; ■ ■,■■■ SHALL .never for get tho terrible Christmas I spent, at Ringsbaw Grange in the year '?3.. As . an army doctor. JL have met w i t r h strange ad v en - turcsinfar \- Jands, and have seen some gruesome sights in •vthe little wars which are constantly being '-"waged on the frontiers of .our empire; but it \- was reserved for an old country house in .Hants.to be the scene of the most noteworthy ..^episode in my life. The experience was a • painfulone,aud I hope.it may never berepeated; : jbutindeed so ghastly an event is not likely to NVbccur again. If my story reads more like './fiction than truth, 1 can.only quote the well .. worn saying, of the latter being stranger than ' 'theformer. Many a timo iu my wandering • Lfe have I proved the truth of this proverb. The whole affair rose out of the invitation .. which Frank Ringan sent mo to spend Christ v'mas tnth himselt and his cousin Percy at tho family seat hear Chrietcburch. At that timo I was hpme on leave from Iudia; and shortly V after my arrival I chanced to meet with Percy ' . 'Ringan in Piccadilly. He was an Australian • with whom I had been intimate some years . before in Melbourne; a dapper little man, ../with sleek fair hair, and a transparent com -•plexio'n;~.looking as fragile as a Dresden /^cbina.image, yet with plenty of pluck and :-;apirits. He suffered from heart disease, and r.was liable to faint on occasions; yet he fought against his mortal weakness with silent cour ■'V-.age) and with certain precautions against "/oTer-excitement, ho managed to enjoy life :'iairiy well. •. . Notwithstanding his pronounced effemi-. /hacr, and somewhat truckling subservienoyto C,Yrank and high birth, I liked the littlo man -very well for his many good qualities. On . i" tie present occasion I was glad to see him, and v .expressed my pleasure. \- ..41 Although I did not expect to see you in "^ England," said I, after the first greetings .■/had passed. . • * "Ih avo been in London these nine months, \- : -,tnj dear Lascelles," he said, in his usual :_<• tmucrag way, "partly by way of a change and -.partly to sec my cousin Frank—who' ; tndoea invited mo to come over from Aus ;.traba." . * . • "la that the rich cousin you were always | . -speaking about in Melbourne?" . ^Yes. But Frank is not rich." I am the /-WealthyRingan, but ho is tho head of the; family. You sec, doctor/* oontfnued Percy, i . taking my arm and pursuing, the subject in' _■ .a.conversational xnanuer, " my father, being a- younger son, emigrated to Melbourne in 1 : the gold-digging days, and mado his fortune eat there. His brother remained at home on • .the estates, with vory littlo money to keep up . the dignity of tho family;- so iny father -helped the head of his house from time to . --time.. Five years ago both my uncle and ... father died, leaving Frank and me an heirs, ..r..tho ono to the family estate, tho othor to tho Australian wealth. So—" : .\ n8o you assist your cousin to keep up the /dignity of the family as your father did before : - • " Well, - yes, I do/' admitted Percy, / .frankly, "You see, we Ringans think a :great deal of oiir birth and position. So >nraoh so, that we have made our wills in ono another's favour,". ■ •. ?' How do you mean ?" u Well, if I dio Frank inherits ray money; / and if ho dies, I becomo heir to the Ringun ■.- estates. It seems strango that I.should.tell • you all this, Lasoellcs; hut you wero so inti • matowithme in the old days that you can ■/•Understand my apparent rashness." . ■ - I could not forbear a clracklo at the reason / ' .^srigned by Percy for his confidence, especially &Mtwassuoha; weak one. Tho little mau . had.a tonguo like a town-crior, and could no I.;..-Boro keep his private affairs to himself than \- A woman coula guard a secrot. Besides I saw ■ TCry well that with his inherent snobbishness :-he desired to impress mo with tho position and . tohquity.of his family, and with tho fact— . tmdoubtodly truo—that it ranked amongst tho waded gentry of tho kingdom. • -• ^However, tho weakness, though in bad 1 ^ was harmless enough, und I had no ^ for tho confoasion of it. Still, I felt* a bored, as I took littlo*interestfin the ..... chronicling of such' email beer, and shortly parted from Percy after promising to din© with him the following week. _ At this dinner, which" took place at the Athenian Clnb, I met with the head of the Ringan family; or, to put it plainer, with Perev'a cousin Franki f.ikA Percy's cousin'Franki Like. the-Australian he was 6mall and neat,-but enjoyed much better health and*lacked tbo effeminacy of the other. Yet on the whole I liked Percy the best, as there was a . sly east about Prank's countenance which I did not relish, nn'd ho patronised his colonial cousin in rather ah offensivo manner. The latter looked up to his Euglish kins man with all deference, and would, I am sure, have willingly given bis gold to regild the somewhat tarnished escutcheon of the Ringnns. Outwardly the two cousins were so alike as to remiud one of Tweedledum and Tweedlcdce; hut after duo consideration I decided that Percy was the better-natured and more honourable of the two. For-some reason Frank Ringan. seemed desirous of cultivating.rnj' acquaintance; and in one way and another I saw a good deal of him during his stay in London. Finally, whuti I was departiog on a visit to some relatives in Norfolk, he invited me to spend Christmas at. Ringshaw Grange—not, as it afterwards appeared, without an ulterior motive. " I can take no, refusal," said he, with a heartiness which sat ill on him. Percy, as anold friend or yours, has set his heart oxi ray having you down ; and—if I may say so —I have set my heart ou the same thing." - "Oh, you really must come, Laecelles," cried Percy, eagerly. "Wo are going to keep Christmas in the real: old English fashion. Washington Xrving's style, you know, holly, wassail-bowl, games, -and mistletoe." " And perhaps a ghost or so," finished Frank, laughing, yet with a side glance at His little cousin. " - __ _ " Ah!" said I. " So your Grange is haunted." ' " iBhould think so," said Percy, before his cousin could speak, " and with a good old Queen Anne ghost. . Come down, doctor, and Frank shall put you ia tho haunted chamber." • - "No!" cried Frank, with a sharpness which rather surprised me, " I'll put no one in the Blue Room ; the consequences might be fatal. You smile, Lascelles, but I assure you our ghost has bceu proved to exist!" "That's a paradox ; a ghost can't exist. But the story of your ghost " "Is too long to toll now," said Frank, laughing. " Come down io the Grange, and you'll hear it." ^ "Vi-ry good," I replied, rather attracted by the idea of a haunted house,' "you can count upon mo for Christmas. But I warn you, Ringan, that I don't believe in Bpirits. Ghosts went out with gas." " Then tboy must have come in again with electric light," retorted Frank Ringau, "for Lady "Joan undoubtedly haunts the Grange. I don't mind ; as it adds distinction to the1 house." "All old families have a ghost," said Percy, importantly. " It is very natural when ono has ancestors.'.' There was no more said on the subject.fori the time being, but tho upshot of this con-1 vernation was that I presented myself "at | Ringshaw Grango two or three days before "Christmas. To speak tho truth, I, came more on Percy's account than my j own, as I knew tho littlo .man suffered! from heart disease, and a sudden shock might1 prove fatal.' If, in the .unhealthy utmosphero; of an old house, the inmates got talking of ghosts and goblins, it might bo that the consequences would bo dangerous to so highly strung and delicate ft man as Percy Ringan, For this reason, joined to a sneaking desiro to* seo'the'ghost, I found myself a guest at Ringshaw Grange. In one way I.regret tho visit; yet in another I regard .it as pro vidential that I was on tho spot. Had I been, absent tho catastrophe might havo been greater, although it could scarcely have been more terrible. . ' Ringshaw Grange was ft quamt .Eliza bethan house, all gables and diamond case ments, and oriel window*, and quaint terraces, looking like an illustration out of an old Christinas uutnbcr. It was embowered in a largo park, tho trees of which came up almost to the doors, and when I saw it first in tho mooulight-for it was by a lata train that I came .from Londpn—fit. struck me. a^ tho very place for a ghost. Hero was a haunted house of the right quality if ever there was-one, and I only honed when :I crossed, the threshold.that tho local spectre would bo worthy of its environ ment.-"In suoh.nh intoreRtraghoiiso Idid not (hinrio'pafiTa .dull' Christinas ; but-God help me—I ;did not anticipate bo tragic a Yuletidoas I spent. * As oiir host' was a bachelor and had. ho female-relativeto do the honours of his house the guests were all of the masculine gender. It is truo that there was a housekeeper—a distant consinl understood—whowas rather elderly, hut very juvenile as to dress and manner. She went by tho name of Hiss Laura, but. no one saw much of her, as, otherwise than attending to her duties, she remained mostly in her own rooms. • r So our party was composed of young men— none save myself being over tho age of thirty,1 and few being. gifted with much intelligence. Tho talk was mostly of sport, of horsoracing, big garoo shooting, and yacht-sailing; so that I grew tired at times of these subjects and retired to tho library to- read and write. The day after I arrived Frank showed me over the house. It was a wonderful old barrack of a place, with broad passages, twisting interminably like the labyrinth of Dxcdalu$; small bedrooms furnished in an old-fashioned manner, and vast reception apartments with ! polished floors and painted cciiiDgs. Also there were the customary number of family portraits frowning from the walls; suits of tarnished armour; and ancient tapestries embroidered with grim and ghastly legends of the,past. The old house was crammed with treasures,: rare enough, to' drive an antiquarian crazy ; j and filled , with the flotsam and jetsam of | many centuries, mellowed by time into one soft hue, which put them all-inkeeping with one another. X.raust say-thatT was charmed with Ringshaw Grange, .and no longer won; dercd at the pride taken by Percy Riugan in his fumily and their past glories. . # . ".That's oil very well," said Frank, to whom I remarked as much; "Percy is rich, and had he. this place could keep it up in proper style ; but I am as poor as a rat, and unless I can make a rich marriage or inherit a comfortable legacy, house and furniture, park and timber may all come to the hammer." He looked gloomy as ho spoke; and. feeling that I had touched on a somewhat delicate: matter, I'hastened to change the subject, I I sprang up with a, cry o>> recognising who it',wast " Frank'Ringan." by asking to be -shown the famous Blue Chamber, which was said to be haunted. This was the true Afecca of my pilgrimage into Hants. 41 It is along this passage," said Frank, leading the way, 44 and not very far from your own quarters. Thero is nothing in its looks likely to hint at the ghost—at all events by day—but it is haunted, * for all that.'' Thus speaking he led me into a large room with a low ceiling, and a broad casement looking oat on to the untrimmed park,' where the woodland was most"aylvau. The • walls were hung with blue cloth embroidered with grotesque figures in black braid. or thread, I know not which. Therb was a large old fashioned bod with tester 'and figured cur tains and u quantity of cumbersome furniture of the early Georgian epoch. Not having been inhabited for many years the room had a desolate and silent look—if one may use such an expression—and to my mind looked gruesome enough to cCmjure up a battalion of ghosts, let alone one. 4<I don't agree with you!" said I, in reply to my host's remark. .4t To my mind.this is the very model of a haunted chamber. What is the legend F" . "I'll tell it to you*on Christmas Eve," replied Ringao, as wo left the room. 44 It Li rather a blood-curdling tale." . 4 • Bo you believe it P'' said I> struck by the solemn fcir of tho speaker. I have had evidence to moke me credulous," ho replied dryly, and closed-the subject for tho time being. ' It was renewed on Christmas Evo when all our company were gathered round a huge wood fire in tho library. Outside, the snow lay thick on the ground, and the "gaunt trees stood up black and leafless out of the whito expanse. The sky was of a frosty blue with sharp-twinkling stars, and a hard-looking moon. On tho snow the shadows of inter lacing boughs wero traced blackly as in Indian ink, and the cold was of Arctic soverity. t | But seated in the holly-decked apartment j before a noble firo which roared bravely up I the wide* chimney aye , cored' hotbingfor tho | frozen world out of doors. - We toughed and talked, Bang-songs 'and recalled adventures, •antil'soraewhero about ten o'clock we fell into a ghostly vein quite in keeping with the , goblin-haunted season.- It .was then that Frank Rtngan was called upon to chill our blood with his local legend. This-^o did without much-incasing.. - "In the reign Gf good Qncen Anne," said he, with a gravity befitting the subject, " ray ancestor Hugh Ringan was the owner of this house. . He-wasa silent misanthropic man, having been soared early in life by the treachery of a woman. Mistrusting the sex, he refused to. marry for many years; and it was not until ho.was . fifty years of. age . that i ho was beguiled by the arts of a pretty girl into the -toils of matrimony. The lady was Joan Ch&Uoner;, the daughter of the Earl of Branscourt: and she was esteemed one of the beauties of Queen Anne's court. "It. was in London that Hngh met her, and thinking' from her innocent and child like appearance that she would make him a true-hearted wifo, he married her after a six months'courtship and brought her with all honour to Ringshaw Grange. After his marriage he became more cheerful and less distrustful of his fcllow-creatures.• Lady Joan was all to him that a Wife co'uld be, and seemed devoted to her husband and child—for she early became a mother—when one Christ mas Eve all this happiness came to an end." : "Oh!"- said I, rather cynically. ."So Lady Joan proved to be no better than the rest of her sex." "SoHugh JRin'gan thought, doctor; but i'e was as mistaken-as you are. Lady Joan occupied the Blue Room;'which I showed you 'he other day; and on Christmas Eve, when riding'hom'e late,' Hugh saw a'man descend Tom the window. Thunderstruck by the •ight. he galloped after the man and caught him before be could mount a horse which was waiting for hini.;: The cavalier was a hand-, some young . fellow of' twenty- five, who refused to answer Hugh's questions. Think ing. naturally enough', that he had to do with a lover of his wife's,' Hugh fought a duel with the stranger and killed him after a hard fight. . : Leaving him dead on the snow he rode back to the Orange, and burst in on his wife to accuse her of pejfidy. It was in'vain that Lady Joan tried to defend herself by stating that the visitor was her brother, who was engaged in plots for the restoration of James II., and on that account wished to keep secret the fact of his presence in England. Hugh did not believeher, and told her plainly that he bad killed her lover; whereupon Lady 'Joan burst' out into a volley of re proaches and cursed* hut'husband.' 'Furious at what he deemed was her boldness, Hugh at first attempted to kill her, but not thinking the punishment sufficient, he out off her right hand.'* Why asked everyone, quite unpre pared for this information. " Because in the first place Lady Joan was very proud of her beautiful white hands, and in the second Hugh had seen the stranger kiss her hand—her right hand— before he descended from the • window. For these reasons ho mutilated her thus terribly.*' 1 And she did die ?" l Tcs, a week after her hand was enfc off.. And she swore that she would come back to touch all those in the Blue Boom—that is who slept in it—who were foredoomed to death. Sic kent her promise, for many people" who have slept in - that fatal room huve "been touched by the dead hand of Lady Joan, and have subsequently died." "Did Hugh find out that his wife was innocent?" . He did," replied Bingan, "and within a month after her death. The stranger was really her brother, plotting for James II., as she had stated. Hugh 'was not punished by mau for his crime, tut within a year he slept in the Blue Chamber and was found dead next morning with the mark of three fingers on his right wrist. It was -thought that in his reraorso he hiid courted deatlTby sleeping in the room cursed 'by his; ivife." - ' i " And thero was a mark on him?" I " On his right wrist red marks like'alburn, I the impression; of. throolfinger^, ;Shice that time the fbom'has^eu'Bau&tecU;"- •' * ".Does everyone who sleeps in it die P " I asked. 44 No. Many .people have risen well and hearty in the morning. .Only'those who are doomed to an early death are thus touched!" . " When did the last case occur?" " Three years ago," was Frank's uner-\ pected reply. '. " A friend of. mine called Herbert Spence would sleep in that room. He saw the ghost and was touched. Ho showed me the marks next morning—three 1 red finger marks." " Did the omen hold good? " ".Yes. . Spence died three months after wards. • He was thrown from hia horse." : I was about- to put further questions in a sceptical rein, when we heard shouts outside, ana we oil sprang to our feet as the door was thrown open to admit Miss Laura in a state of excitement. .".Fire! firo! " she cried, almost distracted. "Oh! Mr. Ringan," addressing herself to Percy, "your room is on fire! I ■" We waited to hear no more, bat in a body rushed up to Percy's room. Volumes of smoke were rolling out of the door, and flames were flashing within. Frank Fingan, how erer, was prompt and cool-headed. He had the alarm bell • rung, summoned servants, grooms, and stable hands, and in twenty minutes the fire was extinguished. On asking how the fire had started, Miss Laura, with much hysterical sobbing, stated that she had gone into Percy's room to seo that-all was ready and comfortable-for the night. Unfortunately the wind wafted ons of the bed- curtains towards the candle she was carrying, and in a moment the room was in a blaze. After pacifying Miss Laura, who could not help the accidentrFrank turned to his cousin. By this time we were back again in the library. - " My dear fellow," he said, ''your room is swimming in water, and is charred with fire. I'm afraid you cau't stay there to-night; but I don't know where to put you unless you. take the BIueJRoom. . "The Blue Boom!" we all cried.-"What! theJhaunted chamber?" ." Yes; all the other rooms are fall. Still, if Percy is .afraid " . "Afraid;" cried Percy, indignantly. "Fm cot afraid at all. I'll, sleep in the Blue Boom with tho greatest of pleasure." . 44But tho gho3t •" "I don't care for the ghost," interrupted the Australian, with a nervous laugh. " Wo have no ghosts in our part of the world, and as I.hare not seen one, I do not believe there is such a thing." . We all tried to dissuade him from sleeping iu.the haunted room, and several of us offered to give up our apartments for. the night, Frank among the number.. But Peroy's dignity was touched, and he was resolute to keep bis word. He had plenty of pluck, as I said beforej and the fancy that we might think him a coward spurred him on to resist our entreaties. I The end of it was that shortly before mid ! night he went off to the Blue Boom, and declared his intention o! sleeping in it. There was nothing more to bo said in the face of such obstinacy, so one by one we retired, Suite unaware of the events to happen before ic morning. So on that Christmas Fire the . Blno Boom had an unexpected tenant. . On going to my bedroom I coald not sleep.. The tale told by Frank Bingan haunted my fancy, and the idea of Percy sleeping, in that ill-omened room made me nervous. 1 did not believe in ghosts myself, nor, so far as I knew, did Percy, but the little man suffered from heart disease—he was strung up to a high nervous pitch by our ghost stories—and if anything out of the common, even from natural causes, happened in that room, the shock might be fatal to its occupant I knew well enough that Percy, oat of pride, would refuse to give up the room, yet I was determined that he should not sleep iu it; so, failing persuasion, I employed stratagem. I had my medical chest with me, and taking it from my portmanteau I pre pared a powerful' narcotic. I left this on the table and went along to the Blue. Boom, which as I have said before, was not very far from tnine.. A knock brought Percy to the door clothed in pyjamas, and at a glance I could see that the "ghostly atmosphere of the place waa already telling on his nerves. He looked pale and disturbed, but his mouth was firmly set with an. obstinate expression likely to re sist my proposals. However, out of diplo macy,*! made none, but blandly stated my errand, with more roughness, indeed, than was necessary. " Come to my room, Percy," I said, when he appeared, " and let me give you some thing to calm yonr nerves." "I'm not afraid J" he said, defiantly. 14 Who said you were ?" I rejoined, tartly. " You believe in ghosts no more than I do, so . why should .you be afraid ? But after the alarm of fife your nerves are, upset, and I want to give you. something to .put them right. Otherwise, you'll get no sleep.". , _ •• "Ishouldn't mind a composing draught, certainly," said the little man. "Have yon it here?"' . • «, \- "No, it's in my room, a few yards off. Come along." Quite deluded by my speech and manner. Percy followed me into my bedroom, ^ and obediently enough swallowed the medicine. Then I made him sit down in a comfortable arm chair, on the plea that he must not walk immediately after the draught. The result of my experiment was justified, for in less than ten minutes the poor little man was fast asleep under the influence of the narcotic. When thus helpless, I placed him in my bed. quite satisfied that he would not awaken until late tho next day. My task accomplished, I extinguished the light, and went off myself to the Blue Boom, intending to remain there for the night.-* - It may be asked why I did so, as I could easily ligvc tukya my rcsfc'on tbb sofa^iu ray . own room; • but the fact is, X was anxious to sleep in a haunted chamber. I did not be* Iieve in ghosts, as I had sever seen one, bat as there was a chance of meeting here with an authentic phantom I did not wish to lose the opportunity. Therefore when I saw that Percy was safe for the night, I took up my quarters in the ghostly territory with much curiosity, bat as I can safely aver—no fear. All the same, in tho case of practical jokes on the part of the featherhcaded young men in the honse, I took ray revolver with me. Thus prepared, I locked the door of the Bine Room and slipped into bed, leaving the linht burning. The revolver I kept under my pillow ready to my hand in oa£e of necessity. ••Now," said I grimly, as I made rayselt comfortable, 44 I'm ready for ghosts, or goblins, or practical jokers." I lay awake for a long time staring at the queer figures on the blue draperies of the apartment. In the pale flame of the candle they looked ghostly enough to disturb the nerves of anyone; and when the draught flattered the tapestries the figures seemed to move as though alive. For this right alone I was glad that Percy had not slept in that room. I could fancy the poor man lying in that vast bod with blanched face and beating heart, listening to every creak, and watching the fantastic embroideries waving on the walls. Brave as he was, I am sure the sounds and sights of that room would have shaken his nerves. I did not feel very comfortable myself, sceptic as I was. 'When the candle had burned down pretty low I fell asleep. How long I slumbered X know not; but I woke up with the impression that something or someone was in the room. The candle had wasted nearly to the socket and the flame was flickering and leaping fit fully, so as to display the room one moment and leave it almost in darkness the next. I heard a soft step crossing the room, and as it drew near a sudden spurt of flame from the candle showed me a little woman standing by the ride of the bed. She was dressed in a gown of flowering brocade, and wore the towering headdress of the Queen Anne epoch. Her face I could scarcely see, as the flash of flame was only momentary; but I felt what the Scotch call a deadly grue as I realised that this was the veritable phantom of Lady Joan. For the moment tho natural dread of tho ■supernatural quite overpowered me, and with xny hands and arms lying outride the counter pane I rested inert and chilled with fear. This sensation of helplessness in the presence of evil, was like what one experiences in a nightmare of the worst kind. When again the flame of the expiring candle shot np, I beheld the ghost close at hand, and—as I felt rather than saw—knew that it was bending over mc. A faint odour of musk was in the air, and I heard the soft rustle of tbe brocaded £lrirts echo through the semi-darkness. Tho next moment I felt my. right wrist gripped in a hornir.g grasp, and the sudden pain roused my nerves from their paralysis. With a yell I rolled over, away from the ghost, wrenching ray wrist from that horrible clasp, and, almost mad with pain, I groped with my left hand for the revolver. As I seized it the candle flared up for the last time, and I saw the ghost gliding back towards tho tapestries. In a second I raised tho revolver and fired. The next moment there was a wild ciy of terror and agony, the fall of a heavy body on the floor, and almost before I knew where I was, I found myself outside the door of the haunted room. To attraot attention I fired another shot from my revolver, whilo the Thing on tho floor moaned in the darkness most horribly. In a iewf moments guests and servants, all in various stages of undress, came rushing along the passage bearing lights. A babel of voices arose, and I managed to babble some incoherent explanation, and led the way iuto the room. There on the floor lay the ghost, and we lowered the candles to look at its face. I sprang up with a cry on recognising who it was. 44 Frank Ringan." It was indeed Frank Ringan, disguised as ^ woman, in wig and brocade. He looked at mo with a ghostly face, his mouth work ing nervouslv. With an effort he raised himself on his hands and tried to speak —whether in confession or exculpatioo, I know not. But the attempt was too much for him, a choking cry escaped his lips, a jet of blood burst from his mouth, and hejfell back dead. Over the rest of the events of that terrible night I draw a veil. Thero are some things it is as well not to speak of. Only I mar state .that all through the horror and con fusion Percy Ringan, thanks to my strong sleeping draught, slumbered as peacefully as a child, thereby saving his life. With the morning's light came discoveries and explanations. We found one of the panels behind the tapestry of the Blue Room open, and it gave admittance into a passage* which on examination proved to lead into Frank Ringan's bedroom. On the floor we discovered a delicate hand formed of steel, and which bore marks of having been in the fire. On my right wrist were three distinct burns, which I have no hesitation in declar ing were caused by the mechanical hand which we picked up near the dead man. And the explanation of these things came from Miss Laura, who was wild with terror at the death of her master, and said in her first outburst of grief and fear, what I am sore she regretted in her calmer moments. 44 It's all Frank's fault," she wept. 44He was poor and wished to be rich. He got Percy to make a will in his favour, and wanted to kill him by a shock. He knew that Percy had heart disease and that a shock might prove fatal; so he contrived that his cousin should sleep in the Blue Room on Christmas Eve; and he himself played the fhost of Lady Joan with the burning band, t was a steel band, which he heated in Ma own room so as to mark with a scar those it touched.1' "Whose idea was this?" I asked, hor rified bj the devilish ingenuity of thesoheme. " Frank's1" said Miss Laura, candidly. " He promised to many me if I helped him to get the money by Percy's death. We found that there was a secret passage leading to the Blue Room; so some years ago we invented the story that it was haunted." " Why, in God's name ? " " Because Frank was always. poor. He knew that his cousin in Australia cad heart disease, and invited him home to kill him with fright. To make things safe' be was always talking about the haunted' room end telling the story so that everything should be " Oh, ITr. Ringan," she cried, almost distracted, "your room is on fire!" . ready for Percy on his arrival, Our plans were all carried ont. Percy arrived -and Frank got him to make the will in his favour. Then he was told the story of Lady Joan and her haod, and by setting fire to Peroy's room last night I got him to sleep in the Blue Chamber without any suspicion being aroused." "Ton wicked woman!" I cried. "Did you firo Percy's room on pnrpose ?" "Yes. Prank promised to marry me if I helped him. "We had to got Percy to sleep in the Blue Chamber, and I managed it by set ting firo to his bedroom. Qe would have died with fright when Frank, as Lady Joan, touched him with the steel hand, and no one would have been the wiser. Your sleeping in the haunted room saved Percy's life, Dr. Las relies ; yet Prank invited yon down as part of his scheme, that you might examine the body ! and declare the death to be a natural one." j "Was it Frank who burnt the wrist of] Herbert Sponco some years ago?" 1 asked. "Yes! replied Miss Laura, wiping her red oyes. 44 We thought if, the ghost ap-, peared to a few other people" that Percy's! death might seem more natural. It wus ;a i mere coincidence that Mr. Spenco died three; months after the ghost touched him." j 44 Do you know you are a very wicked woman, Miss Laura?" 141 am a very unhappy one," she retorted. " I havo lost the only man I ever loved, and his miserable cousin survives to step into his shoes as the master of Eingshaw Grange." That was the sole conversation I bad with the wretched woman, for shortly afterwards she disappeared, and I fancy must have gone abroad, as she was never more heard of. At the inquest held on tho body of Frank the whole strange story came out. und was reported at full longth by the Loudon Press to the dismay of ghostseers, for the fame of Eingshaw Grange as a haunted mansion had been great in the land, I was afraid lest the jury should bring in a verdict of manslaughter against xne, hut the peculiar features of the case being taken into consideration I was acquitted of blame, and shortly afterwards I returned to India with an unblemished character. Percy Eingan was terribly distressed on bearing of his cousin's death, and shooked by the discovery of his treachery. However, he was consoled by be coming tho head of tho family, and as bo lives a quiet life at Kingshaw Grange there is not much chanoo of his early death from heart disease—at all events from a ghostly point of The Bluo Chamber is shut up, for it is haunted now by a worse spectre than that of Lady Joan, whose legend (purely fictitious) was so ingeniously set forth by Frank. It is haunted by the ghost of the cold-blooded scoundrel who fell into bis own trap; and who met with his own death at the very moment he was contriving that of another man.. As to myself, I have given up ghost hunting and eleeping in haunted rooms. Nothing will ever tempt me to experiment in that.way again. One adventure of that 6ort is enough to last me a lifetime. Boxing Day is so called because on that day the various claimants to Christmas boxes used to make their rounds to collect them. I should liko to say to the congregation before Christmas is upon us," said the good old country parson. 44 that if the ladies who so generously supply mo with slippers every year will kindly meet together after the mothers* meeting on Tuesday next and consider tho advisability of pooling their efforts so as provide me with one pair of high topped leather boots instead of 30 pairs of slippers, I sball be very grateful." 