Things. (BY ATTICUS.) A little while since, if you will recollect, I directed some attention to a loose sum of £20,000 belonging to the people, which had somehow found its way by order of Paint John, from the Treasury to some person or persons unknown at the Perth City Council's office. It was reported at the time that the money was a gift to the Council from the Premier for drainage purposes. The " gift " was flatly denied by the Honorable the Minister for Mines,, who officially ininformed a reporter of one of the morning papers (I beg his pardon, I mean a Press representative) that it was not a gift, it was a loan. A short time afterwards the Director of Public Works, a colleague of the Minister of Mines, but only one of Saint John's managers, informed another rep— that is representative—it had not yet been decided whether the £20,000 was a gift or a loan. I think I offered to bet—but I didn'tsay how much—tfc . money would eventually be dis* >ed of; but when I reflect that" Saint John does as he please* in the disdisposal of the public funds, and that his younger brother does as he pleases with Saint John, and as the younger brother is tiow in the enjoyment of all the di^y of Mayor^f "the'place,In ' atijidon to the pleasure (which I envy him) of sitting on the chest of Molloy, Jay-pee, that Saint John would give the £20,000 to the city if only to show what a fine fellow his younger brother is. As it is, the matter seems to be in abeyance till Saint John determmes what is to be done with your cash, my cash, and the cash of the rest of us. I am a bit of a bore, I know, in raking up this old tale, but I do so because I want to use it as an illustration, so now I come to my point. A little while ago, Pow-wower Morgans was rather sat upon by Saint John, because he wanted to get a short line of railway from Coolgardie to an active mining centre a few miles distant, called Bonnie Vale, and "there was something in the shape of a snub, accompanied by a distinct refusal on the part of our only Western Australian saint. The other day the younger brother went up to Coolgardie, and to commemorate,the visit he is reported to have promised the Bonnievalians their little ra lway immediately, and this pronouncement duly appeared in one of the papers over which he rules as chairman, (but nevt r interferes, mind, never, never, never). As this promise was flatly contradicted by Saint John's decision, the paper which gut ^2,000 less of the advcitisirig monies than the younger brot'hei '.- pii} er, tent a r.cp<r —I mean a *' repr« sedative i f this journal "whoutei fbe Director «f Public Wurks m cpnfefciu e up m the subject to asctirt .in >vi o was i?>»lit. The direct* said no decison had been arrived at in the matter; that there was no provision on this year's pstimates for the work ; that there was nofund upon which the Government could^raw to construct the Bonnie Vaie line^ and/iftnally that Director of Public Workvhel' out no hope that the work would be put in hand this year.. Of course all this sounds very well in a paper, and as intended for the ear of the public on the goldfields it reads with a certain plausibility that might carry conviction. But we who get glimpses now and again of the manner in which the " marionette " Cabinet of W A. is worked, know that all this is " froth," just froth. What the deuce has the Director of Public Works got to do with it anyway ? Beyond carrying out what he is told to do, he has no more voice in regulating the policy of his department than one of his own porters. His reason^ for not proceeding with the work are a reductio ad absurdu't. 1\. There was no provision on the estimates for the work Will the Director kindly state the amount of the " excess bill" which Parliament was compelled to pass, the bulk of which was for works which no provision had been made tor on the previous year's estimates. How many hundred thousand, eh ? 2\. That there was no fund on which the Government could draw to con- struct 1 he line. No fund, indeed. Isn't there the whole of the consolidated revenue that can bo drawn upon ? Wasn't it drawn upon last year ? If the line must be constructed out of loan funds, isn't it easy in this free and easy governed colony to use the money required from the consolidated funds, and recoup these funds out of loan mpnies at some future date ? Hasn't it been done ? Won't it be done again ? Of course it will, and you all know it, and perforce have to wink at it. You'll keep on winking at it until the day of political reckoning comes, then you'll make this one of the main items in your impeachment of Saint John, and the chief reason for bringing out the political axe and block. 3\. He—the director—had held out no hope that the work would be put in hand this year. " •"Hat has he got to do with it, I ask ? He has merely to obey instructions. If Saint John intimated that the Bonnievalians couldn't have their railway, and the Director of Public Works could hold out no hope of it, but the younger brother told them they should have it: you can bet a live city councillor against a tick infe 5 l e u d store bullock they'll have it. u Theyounger brother has been styled the S,xth Sixth Mimste Minister; r 5 I said some months since he was the whale six Ministers. Practically he is lex scripta of W.A. So my Bonnivalians, keep your pecker up ; you'll have your railway. This year, too, notwithstanding the Director of Public Works, having no provision nor money for it. Hurrah for constitutional Government. For once I am in accord with the Government procedure in wiping out the " Urgent telegram" evil. An infernal evil it was too. Even to the Stock Exchange members themselves, except the few " fat men," it was simply a curse. It gave the poorer members no show against rich ones. These latter ma^e every message they wired " urgent," and in the eastern colonies it was by no means an unc mmon thing for the larger brokers to send enormously long urgent wires containing ten or' twenty words, about their real busi ness, and ten times that number made up of nonsense, so as to keep 1 he wires as long as possible. The poorer brokers were nearly always in the cold, the laiger ones keeping a monopoly in this way. Let everyone who pays for wires take his turn. That's the essence of fair play. It's no use the richer brokers here putting forward a dozen reasons for desiring a return to the " urgent " business, and concealing the real one. They want to be first, that's the beginning, middle, and end of the agitation: A certain amount of business is transacted between this colony and the others, and if the telegraph system were done away -with to-morrow, that amount of business would be done by letter if there wjsre no pther way. The only difwould be that / the brokers would take tlieir chance with the smaller ones, and not as under the " urgent" evil maintain a monopoly. I do most sincerely hope the Cabinet will not rescind its late decision in the matter. Reading a letter signed J.F., sent to the Maiden Lady, having reference to that huge monopoly, the Peel Estate" of 243,000 acres at Mandurah, and suggesting a land tax, I thought to myself what a devil of a lot of money might be saved for reproductive works, instead of throwing it away in recovering Crown lands, which the Peel tribe should never have got hold of, except under stringent conditions respecting improvements. Even supposing gold had not been discovered in W.A., and it was left in its old condition of sloth, indolence, and neglect, there is no justification for alienating huge tracts of Crown lands, without a reasonable quid pro quo. If we got hold of the mountains of the moon, we ought before parting with them, insert conditions, and insist upon their observance as to fencing, ringbarking, &c.;, &c.; If this colony hadn't an ounce of gold, it's enormous surface would carry stock sufficient to keep along it's material progress, if ground was cleared, fences built, and the most suitable grass seeds thrown about at the proper seasons. Instead of the Government using the public money to hand to these monopolists for the purpose of releasing lands which they got for nothing, or next to nothing, impose a land tax on all farmers and landholders so there could be no cry of " class legislation," Tax improved lands onepenny for each and every ten acres cropped or cleared or built upon, and tax the Peel tribe twopence for eachand every ten acres uncropped, uncleared or unimproved in s«»me way. This would bring the Peelites off their stilts, and in some way help to equalise taxation. At present only one section is taxed. Why not tax all ? Go on J. F., get your friends to knock at the Government door on the subject. They're all patriots, the Government, all have the " good of their country "at heart, even the Honorable the Minister of Mines. In addition to being all patriots, they're all large land holders. Much, in fact, most, of their land is unimproved. Being patriots they will commence by taxing themselves. Then no one can grumble. There is a tremendous lot of blow in Perth over the new burst of generosity in the treatment of the miners on the goldfields in permitting them some place or other to camp on. The confederated Perth press gang are tull of the genius of the Honorable the Minister of Mines who has made a series of recommendations respecting residence areas entirely out of his own head, and has yet a little timber left, for other similarly liberal schemes, if necessary. The recommendations which are to become law at an early date, provide among other residential provisions for free areas. In other words any holder of a miner's right sfiall be empowered, after receiving proper permission, to select and reside upon one lot of a quarter of an acre of these free areas. They ate not, of course, town sites nor residence areas, for which provision is first made, fn the third category come thefree areas, and in relation to the town sites and residence areas, the Lord only knows > how they are to be situated* whether near to the former or distant. There its, uf course, a trifling formality before one can take up ope of these free areas, and I am going to show you hovr free they are to be. A registration fee of £1 is to be charged and a rent of £1 per lot charged annually. V V In plain English, the sweet Government of W.A., which has the interests of i|s goldfields at heart, are to charge working miners and others four pounds a year rent for each acre of these desolate arid wastes, to be occupied by the only class of men who have dragged the colony and its B »ers from profound depths of obscurity and povirty, into notice and affluence. What do my readers think of it all? Four pounds per acre per annum rent. How does that appeal to you, ye slaves of the W.A. Boers? Can't beat it much for liberality, can you? Of course, added to this is the ten shillings for miner's rights, so that in all you will pay £6 rent per acre per annum. It makes one's blood boil to read that one of our own people, Powwower Oats,congratulated the Honorable the Minister of Mines on this new system. I can only suppose the poor man is just recovering from typhoid or something Contrast this treatment with the petting and pampering of the socalled farmers, and tell me whether there are not two sets of li\vs—one for the favored, and the other for a hated class ? Revolutions have been made out of less vicious governments than that of W.A. I'll bet there's a devil of a row about it. There will be a still bigger row over the new mining regu'ation which has just been promulgated as the result of the united wisdom of our sapient cabinet in the matter of defining the meaning of alluvial mining on mining areas held tor reefing purposes It was only last week I commented on the "tommy rot mining laws"ot the colony, which permitted alluvial miners to enter up >n land leased for quartz mining purposes, and I then said that no search for alluvial gold should be permitted within leased areas except by the lessees, nor should any quartz reef work be permitted within areas held under miner's right for alluvial mining The Goldfields Act, which passed into law 12th October, 1895 (clause 103) is the one that has just had a portion of itself repealed, and a new reading made. The clause (103) is as follows;— When any miner shall be desirous of entering upon any lahd held under application for lease or the subject of any lease granted after the passing of «' The Act'' for the purpose of searching for and obtaining alluvial gold, he sjyaiUriyg notice to the applicant for ieascor the lessee as the case may be in the form of Schedule 26 of these Regulations describing the exact position of the alluvial ground to be worked and within forty-eight hours after the service of such notice the applicant for lease or lessee shall delineate upon the land the line of any reef or reefs situate thereon. In the event of any dispute between the parties the miner desir- ing to work for alluvial shall apply to the Warden in form of Schedule 27 who shall decide the matter in dispute. . . . I have set. forth so much of the clause as will make clear how very stupid and incoherent it is. As one natural sequence, in several instances the alluvial diggers worked right up to the outcrops of reef?, and a regulation came into operation—heaven knows how or why !—of limiting their approach, to within fifty feet of a line of reef. Of course, all this* legislative nonsense made confusion worse confounded. I pointed out in 1895, before the Act came into operation, what the result of such tomfool no;:sense was bound inevitably to be. I wrote both to Mining Department and to the Maiden Lady. The department did not acknowledge my letter nor did the Maiden Lady publish my communication. Just the consequences arose that anybody and everybody had foreseen except the Minister of Mines and his boss, the departmental officials, and the papers. Complications have become complicated, and a few weeks since a climax was reached. The manager of the Ivanhoe Venture received notice from some alluvial miners to delineate the line or lines of his reef or reefs. He replied by fixing pegs within a few feet of his 'boundary pegs, virtually defining the whole of his leased area as being the line or lines. The alluvial diggers protested, brought the case before the Warden, who sensibly enough upheld the manager in his view. Consequently the alluvial miners had to •clear out. At Kanowna and at Kalgoorlie the alluvial leads are getting deeper and deeper, and it can now be seen by the official dunderheads themselves that in working up to within fift feet of a reef—a figure which has no meaning in consequence of the under- Jie and dip of reels, that something -would have to be done to avoid the •devil's own messes and difficulties that were shadowing ominously in all directions So what do you think our present heaven-born Minister of Mines and his Mates in Cabinet have done. They have gazetted a new regulation, defining alluviums as follows:— Any alluvial miner can enter upon land held under lease for quartz-mining and commence operations outside the 50 feet limit, whatever that fearful . and wonderful limit may mean. BUT HE MUST NOT SINK DEEPER THAN 10 FEET. Ahyone would have thought the limit of human foolishness was reached under the original regulation, but there are " in deep depths yet deeper ones." I do not suppose in modern legislation on any part of this planet a more •mischievous, stupid and utterly impracticable regulation has even been set in type and printed. As the outcome of splendid ignorance and woodenheaded folly, this regulation will be a future standard of comparison. Imagine the discovery of alluvial .gold in the midst of a number of 24- acre blocks held under leases for quartz mining, and through which run several parallel lines of reef, a circumstance very common on our fields, as everyone knows. There is a rush of alluvial miners. At first the gold is found on the surface, but as the work of discovery proceeds it is found that an alluvial lead is developed, and from the surface the lead is found to be running down, twisting and turning, widening and narrowing as is always the case with alluvial leads. Seven, eight, nine and ten feet are reached. and, as at Kanowna, there is a rush of diggers from all parts. At ten feet the lead is richer, widening and deepening. At this • critic J I point the new regulation comes in. Will the owners of the leased areas tell me, will any sensible man say that it would be possible by any means short of bloodshed to bring to . at violent standstill the rush of work going oh. Does any man with brains . outside the Cabinet imagine that masses of diggers finding the lead deepening to 20, 50 or zoo feet—ay, -or 200 feet would be stopped from following it down—particularly if it were rich—by such insensate rot, as this regulation would impose . on them ? Why the whole confounded thing is a premium on rioting. The lease-owners would combine against the miners; the latter would fight, for the lust of gold would be on them ; and there would be a civil war on a small scale—and all this because a bunch of storekeepers, farmers, graziers, and squatters are in a Cabinet which day by day works nothing hut mischief against the best interests of the colony they so dreadfully mis- : govern. Remember the alluvial leads of Ballarat, starting from shallow depths four and five feet and running down till depths of 350 feet were reached. Try and imagine a regulation being issued bringing this eager, passionate gold hunting .to'a sudden stop, and try and conjure up the inevitable result I am awfully sorry the Premier is' away. He has just the strength of character necessary to bring the mischievous gambols of the Minister of Mines^ and his fellow goats to an r end with a rotim} turn. 3y,Heaven, if this new regulation is not amended out ,of existence at once, theie will be . such a storm on the goldfields as will not be allayed if the whole of bur noble Perth army are sent up to suppress it. Really the Minister for Mines and his mates should be impeached for " inciting to riot." After the above was written I see a mass meeting of indignant miners was held at Kalgoorlie, and there was, as I thought there would be, the devil to pay. After the meeting an inefficient substitute for the Minister of Mines in the shape of his effigy, was publicly burned in the main street. The Maiden Lady's piper" very properly and justly devotes more than, two columns of its space to details of the meeting. With the opinions of Pow wowers Vosper and Illiugworth I am in entire accord, a"d, as 1 have stated above, had previously expressed them. It is best on the part of the alluvial miners to ignore " the new regulation, and it is "too utterly absurd tor anything." In this instance I feel convinced it will be found to have been sprung as a surprise on the Premier. The whole thing has been done in a hurry, and, taking advantage of his absence, by that most dangerous young man from Geraldton—who, like Fritz, in the Grand Duchess, not knowing the ghost of a thing about mining, has consequently been appointed to preside over the MineS Department. 1 make the following extracts from the Maiden Lady's reports, as it is necessary the whole underground business should be exposed, and a remedy found as quickly as possible. In my opinion a deputation to Perth is not necessary at this juncture. A lengthy telegram at Press rates could be sent to the Premier, and if it be clear and to the point, I am of opinion he will order, his very untrustworthy substitute to call a Cabinet meeting and rescind the new regulation. What a devil of a hurry the substitute and his mates must have been in to deal with the matter, when he causes a Government Gazette extraordinary to be published containing what will be known in the " Fool's " history of the colony as the '* 10 foot regulation." KALGOORLIE, January 30. A mass meeting of alluvial diggers at the Ivanhoe Venture lease was held this afternoon to protest against the amendment of section 103, prohibiting alluvial diggers from sinking on leases more than 10ft. Good order prevailed throughout, but feeling ran high, and the Bupremest indignation and disgust were expressed with Mr. Wittenoom's action. Mr Moran, the member for the district, although in town, was not present at the meeting when his name was mentioned, and he was greeted with groans. Mr Vesper and Mr Oldham, members of the Assembly, were present, and Mr Mannion took the chair. Mr. Vosper, rising to speak, received an ovation. He condemned the action of the Government and said he had legal opinion that the amendment was ultra vires. He considered that if it was enforced it would paralyse the alluvial industry of the colony. He advised the miners to send a deputation to Perth to interview the Ministry, and also recommended, pending further information, that the miners should ignore the amendment. He stigmatised Mr. Wittenoom as being either a rogue or a fool, who failed to grasp the importance of the alluvial industry. Mr. Oldham, M.L.A. for North Perth, said he would not express an opinion at present. He knew little of the subject, and came from Perth to make inquiries. He expressed the opinion that the Government might discover that a' pointer's error in regard to the depth had ocourred in the new amendment. Mr. George Waite, a delegate from Kanowna, moved the following resolution: —" That this meeting of alluvial diggers of the Boulder and Kalgoorlie views with alarm and indignation the amendment of regulation 103, promulgated by the Minister of mines, and aesires that, the same be immediately rescinded ; that the amendment in question was. calculated to destroy the alluvial industry and paralyse the efforts of prospectors ana place the diggers entirely at the mercy of tne leaseholders, and that this meeting further expresses its disgust at an amendment which being for the purpose of interfering with decisions now pending in the Wardens Courts to prejudice the dig. ging population, also demands that the rights alluvial miners, as set forth in section 86 of the Act, be preserved and protected with integrity." The resolution was seconded by Mr. Levinson, from Ooolgardie, and supported by Mr. Young, from Bulong. The motion was carried. A second resolution was moved by Mr, A, Campbell, of Oo^gardie, " That the fore-, going cesoluiiou jfo intrusted to a deputation oonMsting df mjresentativds of the Boulder, J&algooftyp;, Kanowna, Bulong and Coolg&tdiedistridts; aodthis mefetiugrequesta theoo-operation of the places named in sending such deputation,.'' This motion was eeoonded by Mr. Butter, of the Boulder and carried, A third resolution was moved by Mr. Bourke, a delegate from Menzies, "That the districts be requested immediately to appoint delegates, and that Mr. Vosper be requested to introd^fift^UwwriMMltation to the proper authoriT^f^ffijg amUJjftimded by Mr. Pau^sepretttiyf/ Association, and^parried. A foui$}i,repolution was moved by AftvR. 1 Hastie, //"Tkat the delegate^, expensesj be defrayed Mr public&®WlHftio»s, ti/bej raised at ,gentres named." Seconder bj Mr. Morris, oM^anowna. A fifth resoli&L.; Oliver, of 'JhSfl made iu the IvanfuST^inii the absurdity of the present Act, and the attempted alteration of such Act against the interests of the alluvial digge:s, shows clearly the absolute necessity for the existence of such an organisation as the Alluvial Rights Protection League to safeguard the alluvial diggers, and all workers are requested to join the association, so as to extend its ramifications throughout the oldfields of Western Australia." fy Mr. McCarthy, of Kanowna, Seconded and carried. The subject of the amendment to clause 103 is being widely discussed, and much indignation expressed. The belief prevails that the Ivanhoe Venture case was the prime cause of the amendment. BELONG, January 30. Great astonishment was exhibited here upon the receipt of news of the decision of the Cabinet limiting alluvial workings to a depth-of 10ft. from the surface on leases. A mass meeting to consider the question was held at the Miners' Institute last night. The building was crowded, aud a large number of persons collected outside the hall. A resolution was carried declaring "That in the opinion of this meeting the impromptu Cabinet meeting of Messrs. Wittenoom, Piesse, and Throssell, deciding that 10ft. from the surface shall 'be the limit of alluvial workings, is dishonest, and as the Minister of Mines ten days ago offered a reward for alluvial at a greater depth than 25ft., we condemn entirely their action." It was also decided that copies of this resolution be sent to both the Acting- Premier and Sir John Forrest, the Premier. It was farther unauimously decided to keep working below 10ft. What was described as the absurdity of the regulation was pointed out, as alluvial had been, it was stated, worked below 200ft. During the meeting an effigy of the Acting-Premier, labelled " Ten feet," was on the platform, and afterwards was taken and buent in Main-street. COOLGARDIE, January 30. The Cabinet's alteration of regulation 103 of the Miniwg Act has raised a considerable storm of indignation all over the fieldb. Already meetings have been arranged for at various towns and camps, with the view of publicly condemning the The Coolgardie papers are unanimous in attacking Mr. Wittenoom on the subject. Pow-wower Illingworth writes to the M.L. as follows :— SIR,—In your issue of this day (January 29) I notice this paragraph:—" At a meeting of the Cabinet yesterday, it was decided to limit the depth of alluvial workings to 10 feet." Surely, sir, this decision has been arrived at without sufficient consideration. The bulk of the alluvial gold obtained iu Victoria has come from depths varying from 30 feet to 300 feet, aud over. A? a goldfields' member, I desire to protest against so arbitrary and foolish a decision. Alluvial gold, like reef gold, must be followed to any depth without restrictions. This decision of tne Cabinet cannot possibly be enforced, it is too utterfy absurd. Prior to all the above outbursts, a reporter—I mean " a representative " —of the M. L. waited on the man who has become politically famous, or. infamous, through this and other equally strong smelling jobberies, to ascertain what on earth the new regulation meant. The spluttering explanation given amounts to this. That to protect (he "fat man," as the Bulletin calls the capitalist, "to protect existing rights," vested interests must be protected," says this Geraldton storekeeper, squatter Minister, and to "gain time till Parliament meets," says the Jool part of him, this regulation has been made and published. It didn't occur to his eminent genius, and the two farmer storekeepers who sat at the Executive Council table vwith him (I wonder ho\V many of our talented members of the Government it takes to make a quorum), that as a decision adverse to the alluvial diggers had already been given, the best way of gaining time would have been simply to have done nothing, and have left the .very crftxy question to be dealt With by Parliament. By doing this he would have avoided all the odium that has b6en heaped on the heads of the silly pair who lpnt themselves innocently to his scheme?,. His sympathies are en- tirely with the " fat man," and, as a Minister he is quits out of place, but he intends, that his seat in the Cabinet shall serve his time and his purposes. Hence his latest dodge. If ever a man brought himself to grief as a politician in recor J time it is this W.A. Boer genius. He will never recover from the effects of his latest move. Distrusted he will henceforth be by both Government and the goldfields populations, and if in order to get rid of an evil influence in his Cabinet the Premier makes him Agent-General it will be one of the most impolitic steps conceivable on the part ot any leader of a Government. Even in these colonies where political standard is about as low as you make it, it doesn't pay to go too far openly. This man subordinates his political position somewhat too flauntingly, and he will assuredly have to pay the penalty passed on those who are found out too quickly. His horrible mistake in the matter of this new alluvial regulation is a superb blunder which is worse than a crime, and for which he cannot be pardoned; He has found out by this that governing even a handful of people is much more difficult than shopkeeping. On the merits of clause 103 which has just been abrogated, 1 have already expressed my opinion in language insusceptible of more than the one meaning. It was founded on injustice. It was unjust to the holders of quartz mining leases, because it gave other people the right to come searching for gold over land to which they held what they deemed were secure titles. They now find these titles worthless, and under the most irritating conditions. There was a sort of dual title established by regulation, which was not intended by the statute. Once you do this you create friction and rival interests must clash. It is the height of folly to do this anywhere. But by the " state " it is unpardonable. The villainous clause should never have seen the light. Unfortunately it became a law by regulation. It should have been abolished by Parliament and only by Parliament. It might have caused the death of the Ministry. That would have been a not altogether irreparabie calamity, and the people would have survived it. But for three men to take upon themselves its cancellation and the substitution of something a thousand times worse, is an usurps tion of the functions of the legislature which the legislature should promptly punish as soon as the two " Houses " meet for business. Is the Fremantle Smelting Works Company going to have the run of the public estate because this same Minister of Mines was but yesterday on its directorate, and may be even now its attorney ? I ask this question because I see that the Government having given the company a site, comprising most valuable land at Rocky Bay, is now building a short line of railway to Robb's Jetty, at Owen Anchorage, and is now going to make the lucky company a present of a new site with a railway right to its door. The railway is to be built with the public's money, and this favored, highly favored, company is to reap all the benefit. It . has, of course, been found out by everyone except our dunderheaded fillers long since, that the company's coal ships could not be got Under the Fremantle bridge, ro an excuse has been found for dropping " Rocky Bay," and as the papers very cunningly put it, Mr Aarons, the manager of the concern,—Who, if I mistake not, was connected with the unfortunate Londonderry mine—has consented to accept 25 acres on the South Beach, with, as I have said, a railway built to the door. By Heaven, it makes one's blood boil to steam heat to know that the people look on unconcernedly at these daily jobberies, and every new one is placidly recorded as though it were something finis and noble instead of a fresh rascality. I wonder whether there will be anjyp^v rising one of these days, we shall continue to grin and SjflpK^ A gentleman who drives a bread cart (as he elegantly puts it), H* Johnson, Esq., has been airing a grievance. He doe.-n't get enough holidays. This is one of the deep, deep misfortunes all the Australasian co'onies lalior under. There are so few holidays. 1 must say, speaking on behalf <>f this eloquent bread carter and others, they do get badly treated. If I remember rit htly, we have not had a holiday since Anniversary Day, last week, when our baker—I beg his pardon, bread carter (this sounds much sweeter) didn't come round. At Christmas 1 went from Friday till the following Tnesday afternoon chewing the same old loaves till my teeth rattled like castanets against their rugged crusts. New Year I lived on the same old flour rocks from Friday till the following Monday afterqoon. Quite a month has eiapsed since then, and H.Johnson, Esq., bread carter, has had no holiday It is too* had. Its the wretched, unthinking general public, too, who cause all this annoyance t » H. Johnson, Esq., bread carter, and his fellow officers. I propose the general public shall either not eat on holidays, or that each houselu Id shall lay in a stock of flour, and by simply having ovens built they can make their own bread. Also a lamb, sheep, or bullock, according uo size of family or establishment, i-hall be kept on all premises. They can be hand fed and stalled. Thet. chops, shoulders, and ribs can be cut off when -wanted, and the meat kept fresh in this way right along. This plan would admit of H. Johnson, Esq., bread carter, and his confreres having some more holidays. In fact, they could have all holidays, just an occasional working day being introduced to vary the monotony. On these days they could clean their bikes and get their footballs ready for the appr< aching season. I have quite turned round in respect to the opinion I formerly held respecting the Daily News. Now I am not happy till I get it. In fact, now I use no other. I am anxious about some Queen Margarets I hold. I didn't like the quotations in the morning papers last Monday, and I watted till the afternoon to see whether my fears were groundless or not. The boy brought it; I rushed for it; my dog got it; I snatched it and read it. Here is the quotationjudge for yourselves: - fi " Quee nrMrgaaEHMFGKB VBVB •v V BVB." Naturally enough, this set my doubts at rest, and I ate my dinner in a contented frame of mind. It's a real blessing in these days of crush and turmoil to know that there is at all events one reliable journal a man can turn to when his day's work is done. It s no wonder that most Scotchmen came frorti Scotland. The great Dr. Johnson (you know the one I mean—^he big chap who made the famous couplet cn the charms of the beautiful Mrs. Humby) was one of the first to notice this singular naturalfact. But then he was a profound observer. I wonder if he knew what I learned for the first time on Monday„,la$t,viz., that Scotland possesses one of the most extensive territories in the world? It was all owing to my dear Daily New again.; Such an enterprising, smart and astutely edited paper I don t think exists outside .Perth. • an article in its issue u on the " Petroleum of the Empire,"—roost startling subject youJI admit—when I came across the following :- , t ifte lecturer showed on a map the localities where it is being worked, or whwe there flre indicattons that it exists. These include Scotland, where iarge quantities of mineral oils, solid paraffin, and ammonia have for many years been obtained by the distillation of the shales of Midlothian, Burma, and Assam, British North Borneo, the Dominion cf Canada. Newfoundland, New South Wales, New Zealand, the West Indies, and South Africa. It's no wonder most Scotchmen come,/iw Scotland ! ! I fancy that some regiments of Highlanders recruited from North Borneoand Souin Alfrica would look eminently picturesque in »heir flowing philabegs and tartan claymores, with their martial pipes wiapped round them. " Home they brought their.warriorB dead," " Though their skins were black, they all saw red," And scarce had they put them on the bed," " When bang went saxpence." I have just been asked whether this > s original poetry. The gentleman who asked " 1 , held *~ ,J " rather a heavy jamwood walking stick shrrtened in his hand. I piudently referred him to the quotation mat ks, and asked him how it could have jjeen original verse. He said he didn't care a builabulling dam how it could or could not have I een '* original." He preyed me to disclose the author, the stick still shortened. I could hold out no longer, and at last I faltered, Micgregor, I cannot tell a lie, it is Alfred Austin. But I am very fond of my Daily News now, though I wasn't at first. Some things grow on you, as the tree trunk said of the parasites, Mr. A. Hill, cf the " ten thousand " whose duty appears to himself to be that of upsetting the peaceful conduct of the general business of a community. is very much concerned and agitated because he has called three meetings of the Early Closing Awciation, and theie have been no at tendances. The other officials ? with Mr. Hill complain bitttrly of the apathy shown by members in respect to the early closing movement. I am truly glad to hear this is so, and trust the "apathy"may have a long and prosperous life. One of 'the vital principles of democracy-a principle fought and hied for in 'the Australasian colonies-is that the majont M l mle. 0ne of the vital principles, in fact the vital principle which the members of the Earl closj Association dre htj but nof ble 5 edi for (because the beggars won't even attend their meetings) is that the minority shall control the majority, It is funny, when a matter of pure selfishness crops up to see how quickly the broad principles of a cult disappear before the personal desires of Smith and Brown, In all other matters, except "the early closing of shops," Smith and Brown want the majority to rule, but as they are, shop assistants, their most ardent wish is to see the majority knuckle under to the minority (i.e., themselves). There's a lot of human nature in men, women and children, says Josh Billings, but in this early closing lunacy there's more double barrelled selfishness than usual. The community, as a community, doesn't want " early closing." Whereever.it has been tried in these overprogressive colonies, it has been, and continues to be, a source of regret and irritation, and in all the districts where it is most triumphant there is a fcontinuous Evasion of the municipal laws made for it, going on. No one is satisfied except the shtip assistant, and he is about one in wenty of the inhabitants. The other nineteen swear under and over their breaths, even their wives and daughters swear in their soft, womanly ways, and "drat those shops;" whenever you go to 'em they're shut. We can't g< t out in the day, they say, and when we do go they're cl -sec, and we've got to walk to so-and-so (where the law has not yet been applied) to get what we want. No, Mr. Hill, and mates, the majority does not want " early closing ;" the minority does. Just watt tilt the minority becomes the majority, and then - well then you shall rule roughshod over the minority, and you will be able to compel your establishments to close every day at noon and Irom Friday till M< nday, with say two lurther half holida) s in the week. You will thus be able to do rice long bike rides in comf< rt, go out with your girls in the afternoons, and either attend theatres and concert halls in the evenings or stand at street corners, where traffic is thickest, and obstruct it as much as possible. Out of this last you will be able to get a lot of cheap fun. Public libraries, museums or technological laborator es, I would not ask \ou to visit, because I know you wouldn't, and couldn t be got to, g >. These are the times of crazy fads about the " Education of the masses," and none of you want it. You prefer the bike, and, of course, the girl. At last the most poweiful and the richest labor union in the world, the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, has acknowledged itself beaten, and has got off the high horse it has been riding for some months, and is now on its own two legs, going peacefu ly butcompulsorily back to the labor w hich ennobles it, but which it doesn t like. Its funds are eaten up, as well as portions of the funds of other unions. It is left powerless and helpless for years to come; it has committed dam ige, to the extent of millions of money, to the shipbuilding trade < f the Empire, and for what, for a half an hour per day less work, and the utterly unreason- able determination to have a I ig say in the management of its employers' businesses. Base<l upon autocracy of the most pronounced kind, the elements of common sense entirely absent from its councils, such a crusade was V^ound to come to an ignominious end. Every one net of the Union, and the quiet section < f that too, most likely, knew months since there could be no other termination. 1 am many thousands of miles from the scene of the most terrible battle between the men—who live on and out of it—and that monster called "capital," which they are daily taught to hate, and I wrote months ago in these columns, and said how the struggle would end. Do you know why this erstwhile rich and powerful society has been beaten ? Its late raid upon its own trade, wasn't popular. Jt fought for an abstraction, and its avowed objects were not those which really actuated the wire pullers who brought it about. Even the avowed objects were stupidly destructive. Had it won, that gigantic industry the. shipbuilding trade of Great Britain would have gone by the board, for it tests on such a slender basis that the simple half hour s less work per capita makes the difference between profit and loss, so severe is the competition of other nations. Had the "Union" won the world would have been startled by its Hari Kari; it would have disemboweled itself. Having destroyed the trade by which it, and those dependent on it, live it would have leant exhausted on its swords it would have smiled triumphant with victory, and then, seeing all was lost, would have fallen on its own point and suicided satisfactorily. Thank the good God that the common sense of the world decided the " Union " had no c?se, and so threw it out. Even at the last ballot there were found brainless creatures who voted giving in; that is if these ballots, taken among themseives have in them an element of genuineness.. Thes-e dissentients have only the fighting instinct, and so long as tneir bellies were filled—never mind the stomachsat home—were prepared to keep on not working. There's a fearful fascination in not working. I have it aln ost irresistibly strong at times. I don't want to work, hate the id' a of it; but then I belong not to a union, I cannot single handed get up (although I might invent one) a cause of quarrel with my employer, so wiliy nilly I go to my grindstone and tnvy the union chap on strike standing at the street c< rner there, surrounded by an admiring condon of envious ones, who, tinfortunately, are n< t on strike. But what is to be said about Haines, the paid secrttary and his associates, the paid Executive ? Those elements of destruction still remain a fixed quanti y, watching and waiting for an opportunity to instil their anti-industual pcison into the too willing ears of the rank and file. The funds of the Union, some £600,000,. are exhausted, but enough weekly wages wilt be forthcoming to Keep these latter arch plotters at their devilries, and ultimately Barnes or his (hairman, or both, with seats in Parliament, may become partners in a shipbuilding firm, and employers of labor. Kest assured they will guard their interests as jealously and desperataly as those other employers they have been fighting so wantonly. But the 1 Uni- n" will have served the purposes of Barnes and Co. • It is not often the W.A. Boer goes in to mining. He lets the Ouitlander do the mining, He merely collars, the gold. Some years ago, when, there wire few or no Ouitlanders, he went into it in a very small way on the first goldfield in the district,. Southern Cross. He established a company known as the JfcCentraL Gold Mining Company^' r 1^>nri<3Tlfr time the Central paid very well, and. the little knot of Boer holders constituting the sole proprietors rejoiced exceedingly in the dividends. Then it begat 1 not to pay, and the Boer holders tried to unload on the Ouitlander, but of course they were a long ' time making up their minds to unload, so long indeed, that the Ouitlander knew as. much of the mine as the Boer owners. and wouldn't buy. The shiares were left on the owners' hands. The minehas continued not to yay, so the owners concluded they wouldn't pay either—1 mean wages. The other day four of the workmen summoned the company for wages, their aggregate claims amounting to £86. Five warrants of distress were issued against the company the same day,. presumably by previous judgment claimants.- Nice story, isn't it? 1 While there were dividends Mr W. A. Boer took 'em. Now there are calls. he won't pay 'em. He makes a dead . certainty of every spec lie goes into. This is one of his ways of making a. certainty. "Fsperance" not being able to get: a railway from itself to Norseman and Coolgardie. is now agitating to secure more favorable shipping rates. _ They complain that while freights are only 17s 6d per ton, from Melbourne to Fremantle, they are £2 irom Melbourne to Esperance. If the Government is wise it will stifle agitation by assimilating the shipping rates, even if it subsidizes the shipping companies. I should be very sorry to see the trade of Fremantle and Perth almost wholly diverted by a railway running from Esperance to Coolgardie. It would give the former places such a (war as they wouldn't get over in a hurry. I frankly confess as an out and out Ouitlander, that it would. be madness for this or any other Boer government to kiil itself and trade, to oblige Esperance, Norseman and Coolgardie, or in fact the whole of the g'ldfieids put together. But if I were an influential W. A. Boer, 1 would suggest to Jack (th-y are all one family, and speak of each other in most familiar and patriarchal fashion). Look here. Jack, stifle all the Esperance Cool- !gar<1ie - cum - Norseman •• agitati n by making things as cheap as you can for Esperance, y >u never know what number will turn up on the political roulette table. If <he chance should come t<» Esperance. let it find her asleep and unprepared. Keep heron :the (jui rive by making things unplea sant, and *he may embrace the opportunity, and Perth and Fremantle lose a large trade which will go to Adelaide and Coolgardie via Esperance. Treat Esperance well, Jack, let A.lick go down and promise the people everything but a railway. It won't matter an empty tinned d< >g can, ;if the director of Public Works says they can-t have this, that or the «ther, they won't take ih« slightest notice of »him. They'll rely on Alick. They all know he can do what the I), of P.W. cannot do. The reckless extravagance of our 'Government will shortly grow into a proverb. As a colony, no matter how vast our resources, we shall never, from the mere fact of the smallness of • our population, be able to support it. Take our Postal Department as the i mose recent example. Hitherto the • permanent head of that state ware- house has been accused of something ilike parsimony in his administration, and it is notorious that the scale ot salaries was -lower i" prop >rtion than .in r.ny other branch of an unpaid service. whilf the vervice of the city was anything but what it should be, even though Perth has only a population of some 30,000. But to suddenly provide the city with thirty-six new post offices, in addition to th )?e in existence, is a leap and a ..parsimony to unbridled •expenditure with the money of the •public. I saw one of the new " offices" the other day. It is rather cleverly constructed, aud I think is not originally of Ptfrth design, In fact, I fancy the idea is not new. It is a tower-like looking structure, supported on two uprights like the piles of a pier ; the tower is surmounted with a dome 'shaped top, across the front of which -are the words POST OFFICE. This is very mnch above the ordinary manner . of doing tbings in Government departments ; and in any case it shows more than the usual consideration for the general p blic, which is generally regarded by civil servants as the. pig is in Ireland, the gintleman who pays the rint. in this case the salaries, but as of no use for any. other purpose. However, a POST OFFICE earn; talking towards me, and naturally enough I said to my friend when I • saw the sign across the front of the dome, "Oh, this is handy, 1 want : some stamps, and I will post my letters here—save toe the trouble of going to theG.P.O." You can imagine my look of startled surprise when the POST I OFFICEspoke. It said, somewhat gruffly, too, "I don't kpep ; stamps. Yer got to go tp a place whe<e they sell papers and tilings.' "Well," I rejoined, "I can at least post letters here, I presume." " No," it said, u yer cavnt do that neither " Then I replied, "Why should you "have that sign across your dome? If you can't supply mf stamp?, and will ,iiot allow me to, post rp latere at you, wjiy !do you have! thftt sign over your door ? It you are not a po?t office why do you call yourself one ? Says he, I aitit got .nothing ter do with it, '-It's the bloomin offis whats labelled us like 5 this/' My friend smiled at toy look of surprise, and said, Now. do you really think, Jones—that's my real name— that Sholl was really launching our t xtravagantly ? N—3, I somewhat hesitatingly replied, I did not. But then what d >es it mean? Here are a lit of itinerating structures' knocking about, 1 ibellevl " POST OFFICE." YOU inquire, and find it isn't a post office at all—it's simply a postman. Why the devil did the idea occur to anyone not a prize idiot to put such a label on a human being. Could he not have b^en labeibd postman, or could not the letters G.P.O. have been piinteJ acros< him ? Why, POST OFFICE ? Tell me that. How the devil do I know, he rudely answered. Come on and have a liq.—squash ; we shall be late for the reception. We were going to Alick s. So on we went. All the same I wondered why even a little thing could m>t be done, with at all events a soupcon ofcommon sense, and the thing labelled properly. Apropos of post offices, are any of my readers aware that at all events some of those classically designed pillar boxes are like the new post office s, itinerating ? Two other youngsters and myself were skylarking r >und the pillar box at the corner of William and Aber Jeen streets the other night. What's that you say? there isn't one there ? That's all you know about it. You go and see Certainly, it isn't at the angle of tne streets, but you'll find it hidden under the verandah of the stationers, at the corner. The hiding doesn't ma'ter, because once you're educated up to this pi ticular cache, it's alwajs handy to post at. Well, thesd b »ys were making g »ais of themselves, One pushed the other against the pillar b'X with some fore;, and the wh ;>le concern went orer. I started to run, but common sense got the better of my fears, so I returned, put the thing on its Jegs, base I mean, and left. There it stands at the moment you read this. Simply tnrown d Avn and left by the authorities. There is s>»tne provision made in the shape of b 4t holes for its security; but in this happy land, where even the native whites speak English, why should tne Po»t office people or the waterworks chaps, or the Minister of Agriculture, or whoever it's the duty of, to put down, I might say drop down, pillar boxes, why go to further tr mble a id ftsien them? Of course the fact that any two serious burglars might lift it (easily too) into their little cart any night, turn it upside down, pick out any letters with drafts or valuables, keep the. contents, burn the rest, and restore tfhe box to its place without anyone being the wiser, is hardly worth consideration, unless the losers by the operation might deem it so. Bur, as I said, some of the pillar boxes are itinerating like the new 41 Post offices." > 