OR A Daughter's Sacrifice, Br MIAURICE E. HERVEY. CHAPTER XI. ROY LEARNS S iMETHINO TO HIS ADYANTAGE. Roy Ainsleigh assured Edith that he would be a frequent visitor at the ,bbey during his fortnight's slac at Thorwold, and she looked forward eagerly to the first of these promised visits. She was rapidly regaining strength, and fe t equal to a short walk in the garden with the aid of a supporting arm. So the event proved, but it was ti ubert's that supported her, He came alone. " Where is Roy ?" she inquired anxiously. "He is at Thorwold," said Hubert. "I have brought you a letter from him." Edith took the letter in silence and opened it. It ran as follows Thotwold, August 23rd. My dear Edith, I borrowed Hubert's cycle yester day and rode to the Abbey for the purpose, of course, of seeing you. In the avenue I met your father, and he, after a very frigid greeting, opened out on me in the nastiest possible manner about your self. He told me in the plainest terms that .he entirely disapproved of my attentions to you, and would deem it a personal offence to himself should I attempt to renew them. Other things he said which I will not pain you by repeat ing ; but the gist of it all was that I was utterly ineligible as a suitor. and that he would thank me to give the Abbey a wide berth in future. hat could Isay or do Sir Philip is an old scan and he is your father. How coul II retaliateo? What I did was to return without a word to Thorwold, and to-morrow I shall return to London. Of what use is my staying down here when I am debarred from seeing you ? I am sending these lines by llubert, who knows nothing of what has occurred, Tell him, if you lake, and let me know what you think I ought to do. Yours as ever, ReFy. Edith read the first part of this luke warm effusion with heightened colour; but ere she had finished it, she had turned deadly pale. Roy's account of her father's action aroused a strong spirit of opposition-of fight, within her. He had no-right, she told herself, to stand thus, harshly between her and her lover; but how came Roy to yield thus readily 1 le had not even attemoted to justify himself -had not even pleaded his love for her -had not even expostulated against the decree which banished lhnn from, her presence. Ho had gone without utteriar a word, and now he asked her what he ought to do. Would he have answered her thus, under similar circumstances, a few short weeks ago She passed har hand across her forehead several tines ie aperplexed sort of ray ; it was a hab she had latterly fallen into when cir rriei or anxious. Then sh gave the letter to H-ibert. "Read it," she said simply. Hubert did so, carefully, thoughtfully' "I guessed from Roy's manner yeste} -ay .-:that - nomo unp,..n~es 1 i -occurred," he said preseently. 'but never suspected Sir Philip would go this length. I cannot quite ue:derstaed his reason. He has never, to my knowledge, interfered between you and Roy before; has he Edith ?" "No," she replied somewhat lhesitat ingly ; "but I think he was some'rhva vexed that Roy saw me at the inn. He .has changed very much in his manner lately, especially since that horrible littlo Jew arrived tihe man he used to call his secretary, you know." "Yes, I know." assented Hubert; " but I do not sea how this Mr Krek's return can affect your relations with my brother. Edith. I may use the priviiee of an old friend-may i not -- and ask you a blunt question ?" "Of coarse you may, Hubert," she answered, slipping her hand affectionately into his. " Are you not my elder brother as well as Roy's 2Why, Hubert, how your hand trembles" "Edith," he went on, almost involun tarily tightening his grasp of the smalln white hand; "are you sure that you love \- Roy-very much ? That it would grieve you very greatly to give huim up 7?' " I think it would break my heart," she almost whispered. The soft brown eyes gazed bravely into hers, and if the mobile mouth tevitched fog a moment, the heavy ruoustache con ,cealed-it. " I understand," he said, very genvly. "Theu you shall not give him ?up, dear, and--:e:o shall niot give you up. t shall do wi a I t?hinik he ought to have done-hboldl' ask Sir Philip the reason for his objee.aio to emy brother as a suitor for ,,.,r uaud; and, for my reward, you slhall make a tour of the garden with me. "i3tnle Don't be afraid of leaning too hi~eavily upon my arm. Why, it seems :iit the other day when I used to carry you on my shoulder l" And this is how it came to pass that Edith had Hubert's arm instead of Roy's to support her in her .first walk. She culled him a rosebud and placed it in his coat. " 1 am thinking -what answver I shall send Roy," she said gravely. Poor Hubert I She mighe give him the rose, but her thoughts were always with his brother. "Im afraid I cannot help you, dear," $e replied. "Say just what your heart .diotates." " , hy, you have helped me, Hubert 1" .she rejoined, with the ghost of one of her .old rippling laughs. "Tieat is exactly what I shall say : ' Dear Rso,-Do exactly as your heart dictates.' " "'Then 1 know whvat I should do were I Roy," was his colument. " What !" "Oh l Something involving? a rope J;dder and post.horses," he explained with mock earnestness. " r [ IdaresIy a tandem-cycle would be more up-to-date." And thus, heavy as was his own heart, he sought to lighten hiers by.cheerful banter. 'True to his resolve, he soughBt out Sir Philip later on. 'The baroeet reccised him cordially enough until he broachel the subject of his brother's pretensions to Edith's hand. "See here, Hubert," eaid Sir Philip, suddenly changling his tone, '" hadv always esteemed you very lige ly, 'do -or the matter of that, althonh I deem him somewhat empty-headed, I cntertali no personal dialike to your brother. eut once for all, this tomfoolery betaeeen Edith and him must cease.H.? oaec afford to marry at all, much less to marry a girl accustomed to those refinlln oh life which only rich people can indulge in; nor has he any prospects, so far as I ?Otno except the remote prospect of ourtlviw? and succeediamg you. Ihave othertil Ie with reeard to my daughter, and util -l have positive assurance that this boy*aud. girl nonsenso is abandoned, i must insist upon your brother discontinuing his visits to my house. Ihope I make my meaning clear to you 7" "Not entirely so," corrected Hubert, quietly. " Am I to understand that your solo objection to Roy lies in the inade quacy of his income to maintain your daughter in the style to which she has been accustomed i" "Supposing I said ' yes' to that ques tion," returned Sir Philip, drily, "how would that affect the issue ?" " Roy may very shortly be very much better off than he is at present," an swered Hubert. "There may be a fairly adequate fortune held in trust for him, until he either marries or attains the age of twenty-five, of which even he himself has no inkling whatever." " Why beat round the bush ?" de manded the. baronet testily. "Is there any such trust in his favor ?" " You are forcing my hand, air Philip. Have I your promise that, if I answer your question, you will treat the com munication as confidentild ?" "Yes," was the reply. "I promise you that." " Very good," said Hubert. "Then I, on my part, pledge you my word that, if you will give your consent to Roy's mar rinage with Edith, he will be in a position to give you, or your lawyers if you choose. clear proof of an income of £800 ayear in addition to a settlement of £10,000 upon her. Does that satisfy you ?" " Well, of course, you're very unex pected statement alters the case entirely." admitted Sir Philip; "and, as I have said already, I have no objection to the lad personally. But are you quite sure of your facts-and figures ?" " Absolutely. I am, if anything, understating the income, and I am asking you to sanction the marriage only upon condition that toe proofs are forthcoming. That is fair, is it not 1" " Yes, it seems fair enough. I presume, since you speak so positively, that you are yourself acting as your brother's trustee ?" "Yes, I am." "Then that settles the question," re joined Sir Philip. "Subject to your own conditions, - withdraw my objections to the match. But why have you kept this trust a secret all this time '" "If you reflect a moment, you will readily see the imprudence of letting a mere boy like "oy know that he only had to get married in order to conimec into a largo susm of money. Failing Edith, he might marry the first clover adventuress he caime across simply to secure this money." "Yes," assented the baronet; " there is reason in what you say. By the way I suppose there is no indiscretion in as suming that this fortune comes to himi from his father ?" "From whom else should it cama p" echoed Hubert. " I think the only re maming point to be considered is whether you would Iwish the young people to know the real reason for your chrange of front, or whether you would rather let them suppose you have merely relented upon more mature reflection ?" " Upon to my word, I don't care a rush," was the candidlly cnical reply. " I leave it to you. Give thmn any reis:on or rca sones you choose - I'll not contradict you." "Very well," said Hubert. "Then 'ili give Edith a hint of the good news before; return to Thoreold." " You're taking a world of trouble to Orin.; two foolish youngsters together," rejoined Sir Philip, shruging his shliul Iors, "'and, in the long run, you'll prob ably get more reproaches titan thanks for your ipains. They'll be yawning in each tiher's faces within six inomtths of their 5:srriago." tT,.i,7 "'i't a anocndl brie f visit to E lith its order to comnmuuieato the suc cess of Isis mission. " Glorious news. Edith," ho exclaimed. with great sho-v of exultati'a: " I have succeeded in talking your father into a inure anmi:hble fram of mind-have over come all his objec:ions, and have his as surance that he will no longer stand in the way between you and :oy. There I Amn I not a skilful ambassador 1' Tears of gratitude and joy welled up in Edith's eyes. " Oh, Hubert," she cried. "You hsve made me the happiest girl in England, and 1 was feeling so miserable ! Then Rioy may come and see me as often as he likes 1" " Yes, dear, as often as he likes. There are to be no clouds between you any smore-and now I must be off and let Roy know the pleasant course events h?ve taken. He'll be here early enough t,,tlnorrolv )ou may be sure.' " Good bye, Hubert," she rejoined, withl a hlappy smio. " Good-bye, you beas, and kindest of brothelrs." That evening the took Roy to task more seriously tlan hle had ever done before, and niot a little to that young oflicer's amazement. " Yoe kunow, Roy," Iheo began, "that ever since our father's death it hlas de volved upon toeo--being s very miuchi your senlior-to take his place towards you." "Quite right, old fellow," aseseted loy; "and a deucel good stop.fathler you've been." "Thankl you, Roy," said Hubert simply. " Atal events I have endeavored to do miy best. Now, I wait you to bear in mind the semi-paternal character of my relations towards you, beceuse other rise you mnightt consider the subject I watt to discuss with you to-night to be no business of mino. I refer, of course, to your position withlrespect to Edith." "I don't see much use, anyhow, in discussing that matter," remarked Roy, a little impatiently. "Her father has simply forbidden me the house. Did she Inot tell you ? " "Yes, she showed me your letter; but I afterwards had a talk with Sir Philip, with thle result that lie has entirely altered his views. He has now not the smallest objection to you as a prospective son-in-law." "And, proy, how did you effect this sudden conversion ?" asked Roy, in great seurprise. " ie was barely civil to me yesterday." ' Well, hIis solo objection to you arose from his belief that you could not afford to omaintain a wife suitably. I disabhsed his mini of this erroneous belief, that was ail." "' Erroneous !" repeated Roy, in utter bewil erminent. " Why, you know per fectly rwell that I have only £200 a-year of my owrn. and that my pay doesn't cover the mess-bills. Where does the error coste in 1" "I'll tell you. Ther, is-well, call it a trust-fund, if you like, by which you will beonufit t, thie extent of about £800 a year, together with a lump sum of £10,000, upon your marriage." " iHow on eairth did you find out this ? It's the first I've heard of it." " Never mind how I found it out,'"said !uheurt, drily. "Suffice it for you that it ts a fact, and that I have convinced Sir Philip of its reality." Roy stared at his brother for some time as thiuglh he doubted the evidence of his own ears. "Is this really the truth, Bert '" he asked presently-" Upon your wiord 1" "Upon my word it is,"' was tlhe reply. " So soon as your marriage with Editlh Caledon is definitely arranged, stops will at once be taken to place you in poses. sion of both income and settlement money. I should mention that the £10,000 is intended for settlement upon your wife." "It's the most extraordinary thing I ever heard of l" exclaimed Roy. "And you are as mysterious about it as a sphinx. However, the point seems to be that, so far as securing the money is con cerned, the sooner I get married the bet ter, hll 7" "'That is so," assented Hubert-; "if, indeed, you regard it as the principal point. Some time must, however, neces sarily elapse before you could well ask Edith to marry you.' "I should rather think so," rejoined Roy, emphatically. "She won't be ab'e to get about properly for months, and as for her hair---' "Roy I" interrupted his brother, almost angrily: " You are an ass I What on earth has the length of her hair to do with her getting married I" "Oh, nothing l" returned Roy, some what nettled in his turn. " I0puppose a girl can always get through the ceremony provided she has a tongue left; but I confess I should like to see Edith looking something like her former self before she faces the parson." " Well, you two must arrange that between you. You will hear from the solicitors to the trust in about a month's time ; meanwhile, see Edith as often as you reasonably cans-your visits will cheer her up. Of course, you'll stay the fort night now 7" " Can't, old fellow ? Find I must be in town within three days at the latest." Hubert bade his brother good-night abruptly, and left him. " He cares nothing for her now," he muttered to himself wearily, " And she loves him. How will it all end 7" Roy was a daily visitor at the Abbey during the three days to which he had cur tailed his stay at Thorwold; and, in his interviews with Edith, something of the former lover-like tone had revived. Something, but not everything. He had found it extremely easy and pleasant, in the old days, to make love to a pretty girl radiant with health and high spirits. From lawn tennis and cycling down to surreptitiously "larking" a four-year-old over a fence, she had over been eager to share, so far as might be, in his amuse ments and sports. Now she was but a shadow of her former self -her exuberant gaiety was all gone, and she coull hardly walk fifty yards unaided. He was genuinely sorry for her, and was as kind to her as he know how to be ; but he was no more the same Roy than she was the same Edith. He told himself, and all but told her, that it was hard lines for them both s'e should have met with this mis nap, which debarred them from sharing their old pastimes. It did not occur to him to mask his own disappointment and to encourage her by talking cheerily of tho future. It was not in him. He was merely an easy-going, shallow young fellow, who lived entirely for the present. Love has keen eyes for some things, and Edith noted every detail of the change that had come over him ; but she was neore concerned in finding excuses for him. It was only natural, she told herself, that lie should find her society less attractive than formerly ; indeed, it was very kind and good of him to give her so much of his time. At his age lhe could not be expected to display the gentle, watchful tact so characteristic of Hubert. She would soon be well and strong again, and then things would be exactly as they had been before between them. And so Ray, still feeling himself some how ill-used, returned to Lond ,n without epenineg his lips to Edith upon the sub ject of a formal engagement "I shall comno down to Thorwold for thro vL.ouk or a mont, hat Christmas," he told her, " and by that timeno you will be quite yourself again." " At Christmas 1" she echoed wonider ingly. " That's a long way off yet. Shall I not see you again until Christmeas T' ' Oh! I 1daresay I shall marage to run down occasionally for a couple of days' shooting," he answered, " but it's not so easy to get leave of absence as people imagine. Your brother talks of quitting the service, and. by Jove! I've a good mind to follow his example. Good-bye, dear. Mlake haste to get strong and well again-for my sake," he added with a flickering gleam of the old love. " I'll try hard-for your sake, Roy," she assented, with a trace of a sob in her voice. "Good-bye. Give my love to Reggio, and tell him that everything is sure to come right in the end. Good-bye again, Roy." To his brother's thinly- veiled questions hle replied, as little evasively as possible, that everything would be settled between Edith and himself when she got a little batter; and, with this somewhat vague assurance, Hubert had to remain content ; and, indeed, so long as Edith could look forward to the future hopefully, lie was satisfied. CHAPTER XII. KREK PLAYS AN AWKWARD IIHANLD. After the preliminary skirmish, Sir Philip and Krck contrived to hit it off fairly well in their subsequent intercourse, both of them probab!y realising that there was nothing whatever to be gained by further bickerings. Krek aired hlis guns and his golf-sticks about the demesne, occasionally blowing a grazing rabbit to pieces and distinguishing himself, upon at least one occasion, by riddling an aged hen-pheasant (which he surprised roosting upon a bough) a full wonth before phcasant shooting had commenced I These sportsman-like feats he varied by inaking copious entries in a note-bookdoncerning crops and tiniber-an:excuse, most pro bably, to justify his continued stay at the Abbey. He kept a very keen eye upon all that went on around him, and appeared to be specially interested in the comings and goings of the two Ainsleighs. Sir Philip had promised Hubert to treat hlis communiication as confidential, lbut Krek somenhow contrived to pump it out of him. "A queer story that, about the trust funds," hle remarked musingly, "very queer; but as the elder brother guarantees the money to be all right, we must suppose it's true. There's no end to the vagaries of some testators; for instance, my father--" " 1 thought. you told me he died intestate ?" put in Sir Philip.. "So he did," assented Krek hastily "So he did-; but I remember him saying -ho evor, that's neither here nor there. This young Ainsleighb is no great catch after all." " Pretty fair, as times go," said the baronet, "especially as his brother is not likely to marry, and he comes next in BUCCession.' " You know best, of course," rejoined the Jew, "but it seems to me that, if I had a daughter and a scapegrace son, it's the dauzhter I'd pin my faith upon to set things straight by a brilliant marriage." "The daughter, oh?" repeated Sir Philip in some surprise. " Strange-to say, that never occurred to me before." "Of course it's merely a suggestion. offered with all due deference," explained. Krek as meekly as he could; "but. If you come to think of it, rich men are far more plentiful than heiresses, and lots of them would pay handsomely to secure a beaurtiful wife, and a baronet for father in-law." "I daresay you are right," drawled Sir Philip reflectively, "and the girl isn't even engaged yet, anyhow." Which, being interpreted into plain English, meant that he by no means regarded his compact with Hubert Ainsleigh as irre vocable should a more eligible suitor than Roy subsequently appear upon the scone. What, after all, would he-Sir Philip-benefit by Edith's mnarriago.with Roy? She would be fairly well provided for, but such provision would avail no thing to redeem the Caledon Abbey estates. The Jew's suggestion was, he thought, an extremely sensible one. Krek saw that the seed had taken root, and was quite satisfied. Once the egotis tical baronet grew familiar with the idea of reaping personal benefit from his daughter's marriage, he was not likely to be over-fastidious about the social stand ing or appearance of his saviour-in- law. " If fairly driven into a corner," thought Krek, " he would sell her to old Nick to save himself." Meanwhile Krek raised himself con siderably in Sir Philip's estimation by announcing -that he was satisfied with what he had seen of the hitherto unen cumbered lands, and was prepared to con clude the business without further delay. Sir Philip need only accompany him to the office of Mr Nathaniel Dyson, sign the necessary bonds, and receive the £11,000. " I regret," he added, with a sour leer, " that I have not had an opportunity of paying my respects to her ladyship or to Mliss Caledon, but-" " Oh, as to that, make your mind quite easy," laughed his host. "To tell you the truth, my wife refuses to return to the Abbey so long as you're here.'" "Very considerate of her ladyship, insdeed I" snarled Krek. " Whilst, as for Edith," continued Sir Philip, "she assured me no later than this morning, that she was sure she would have a relapse if she saw you. You're a won derful financier, Krek, but, you see, you're not exactly a ladies' man. Ha, la, ha I" " Ha, lha, ha 1" chorussed Krek, "but in a tone of such concentrated, fiendish malignity, that the baronet absolutely recoiled a few steps from him. "As you say, I'm not exactly a ladies' man; they run away from me, the pretty dears-they always did. But sometimes I overtake them, and then-Oh, how I pot them and love them I Bless them I" Sir Philip shrugged his shoulders. "\Vhata vampire I" he muttered to himt self. "All dwarfs are alike, I suppose." But vampire or no vampire, Krek had his uses; nor did Sir Philip disdain to travel with him next day to London to receive the promised money. That once safely lodged in his bank, he favored the lender wth the curtest of farewell nods. " By-bye, Krek,"he said airily. " We shall meet again I daresay one of these days." " I hope so, Sir Philip," replied the Jew with grim earnestness. "I quite live in the hope of meeting you again." The baronet looked at him keenly, as though half-suspecting some covert insolenco or monaco in the words; then he turned upon his heel and left him without further commen;. "Now then, Nat," said Krek to the lawyer when they were alone, " what is the strength of that postscript in your letter about those other mortgage bonds? Nothing wrong, is there ?" " Well, I don't like to speak too posi tively, and I certainly don't want to ;nake you feel uneasy without cause, but 'mn afraid there is something wrong," was the repl,.. "Out with it, man Y' exclaimed IKrek irritably. " What is it (' " Wlhy, so far as 1 can make out- -after very careful inquiry-it would seem that the entail upon the lands known as Hill side -and the Hmoe Farm was,. never Itrred," oxclaienod Dyson. , ''heor in nt1 doubt as to the intention, 1..t,, h-i father's part and his owrn, to bar thleso entails like the rest ; but by some over siaht, this intention was never actually carried into effect. No suspiclon of this mistake has ever arisen ; but the conse quence is that about £46,000 worth of the mortgages are really only valid during Sir Philip's lifetime." " It's a lie I" Krek almost yelled. "Do you suppose my father was the sort of man to mistake a life interest for a freehold ? It's a glaring stupid lie, I tell you I" "Your father purchased these bonds from old Levi," persisted Dyson, " never suspecting why the latter was so anxious to got rid of them, although no doubt the old foe had discovered the flaw. Besides, may tell you that your father, to my knowledge. was unaccountably careless reckless almost-in his anxiety to secure all the mortgages upon the Caledon estates. However, be all thbi as it may, I can only assure you that, to the best of my belief, the thing is as I say. MIake your own inquiries and satisfy yourself; but, for your own sake, b1 careful the secret doesa't leak out. It may he pos sible to pass these bonds m to someone else." Krok well knew that Na:haniol Dyson was the last person in the world to bh mistaken upon a point like this, and his blood fairly simmered in hit veins as he reflected upon the consequsnces to him self. The one ray of confort he could discern was that neither hir Philip nor IlReggio Caledon had the fahtest suspicion of this flaw in his claims ;and his plain course was to rectify this flaw before it should be discovered. Thi idea, after a copious preliminary of snaling lamenta teons, he communicated to)yson. "Yes," assented the law;er, "that, of course would be the best :my out of the difgculty, if it can be .nmnaged. You would have to persuade Si Philip upon some clever pretext or anoter, to bar the entails over again-or rathe, to carry out the original; intention ofbarring these two." "Leave that to me," sailKrek, with a savage scowl. "He'll be Cad enough to do what I tell him before Ire done with him I Aye, and so will slhdoo,"ho mut tered, "although I'm nt exactly a ladies' man, and would frigten her into a fit if she saw me." "I didn't quite catch th last part of your remark," suggested Dson. "It wasn't meant for gu to catch," snarled his amiable clienc: You can hear me fast enough who I want you to. Anything fresh aboutlaptain Cale dotn ' "Nothing, except thatl hear he is about to resign his commasion. There has been some talk, it sees, about the high play that goes on at Ib place at St. John's Wood, and the reprt reached his solonel's ears." " Thates good," said Krc, withl a grunt of satisfaction. "How much of his paper do we hold ? Dic you manage that ?" "Yes, I got £600 wo~h of his dis honored acceptances at 25eer cent. dis count." "Very well. Put ther into Aaron son's hands, and toll him tputthe screw on tight-without letting r name appear in the matter, of course" " I understand," reined Dyson, grinning. "Anything elsi' "No, except those itemon the list I gave you." " Oh, by the way, old ldith lhas been round here several time:,inquiring for you. RIlefused to state h~ business, ex cept that it-was imports; to you, and concerned a woman you.l1w,, "Confound her and her. woman !" growled Krek. "With all my heart assented the lawyer laughing. "I don't want them round here I can assure you." Muttering some indistinct malediction upon the entire sex, Krek took his depar ture, hailed a cab, and bade the man drive to Shoreditch. Ho found Judith Marks at home in the Mildew Lane tenement-house, engaged in the innocent, occupation of frying herself a bloater, the pungent odour of which delicacy so irritated his abnormal nasal organ that he was seized with a violent fit of sneezing. " It do shmell a bit strong," she re marked apologetically, " but it vas tasty, and it vas cheap." "Throw the beastly thing out I" roared Krek, in an interval of his paroxym. "It would poison a skunk !" Then, seeing her hesitate, he seized the frying-pan and huried the offending fish through the open widow, with a fine disregard of possible wayfarers in the lane below. +' And now," he said, lighting an anti dotal cigar, " tell me what the deuce you mean by hunting me up all over the West End. More blackmail, you old harpy 7" "I blackmail you, Master Simeon " she quavered, gazing ruefully at the empty frying-pan. "You knows vell I vouldn't do no such dings. I vanted to see you to yarn you against dat voman Peggy Higgins, dat vas all. She ish a dief--a low lyin' dief I" "Of course she is," growled Krek, " and you're another. You made it up between you to bleed me, and now I suppose you've fallen out about division of the plunder-thieves always do. But what's that to do with me l" Judith was somewhat taken aback by this specimen of Krok's insight. Of what use trying to pose as the "honest broker," with those malignant green eyes reading her every thought? " I see it is no use trying to play dark mit you, Master Simeon," she said, with a leer intended to express admiration of his acuteness. "Peggy promised me half of do money, for so long as you con tinued to pay it. After you left us, she laughed at me and told me I vas an old idiot to believe she was in earnest." "So you were," assented Krek; "a worse idiot than I thought you were." "Peggy has gone to Bristol," continued Judith, " and von't have nodings more to do mit me. She dinks she has got rid of me, and can live like a lady mit her £20 a month. But I vants mine share and I mean to have it." "Get it then," snarled Krek. " Fight it out between you. I wish to goodness you'd kill one another and leave me alone." " How can I get mine share, if you give it all to her " protested the old woman. "For do future, Master Simeon, you must give her half and me do oder half. Dat ish fair." " Is it ?" he sneered. " Why must I give you half, you old cat, elh 7" "Because I have a tongue as well as she." was the quick retort. Krek glanced at her as though he felt strongly tempted to strangle her'and so siielce her tongue for ever. There was obvious truth in her assertion, and she could if she chose expose him almost as well as his wife. Then he reflected that Peggy wou d certainly refuse to accept half the stipulated allowance, and this meant that he would have to provide a separate allowance for the old woman. Even then he would never feel really safe ; either of'them might at any moment betray him in a fit of temper or drunken ness. Finally, he had made up his mind already that, so soon as his plans were fully ripe for execution, his wife must, by some means or other, be removed from his path. Why not now just as well as later on 1 Old Judith, Properly., urged gold. "l'm off Il" he snapped out curtly, putting on his hat. " I'm going to take out a warrant for your arrest." ' Mine arrest. Master Simeon !" echoed Judith in alarm. "Vat for ?" " You know well enough," he snarled. " Attempting to extort money by threats \- blackmail. You and Peggy may say and do your worst. I'll get you seven years apiece. His resolute tone and manner cowed Judith at once. She quite believed that he could (if he were willing to face the exposure) do as he threatened. At all events, however it might fare with his wife, she herself would assuredly suffer. " You alvays vas so hasty, Master Simeon," she whined, hooking a shrivelled hand upon his arm to detain him. "Vat for you flies at me like dis ven I only vants to get mine fair share of do moneyl" " 1'1l stand no more of your rascally plotting," he answered savagely; "un derstanid that once for all. I agreed, with your approval, to pay this woman £20 a month. I am doing so, but I'll pay no more." Then, fixinghis hard pitiless eyes upon the old woman's face, he added in a hoarse whisper : " I'd give £500, in golden sovereigns, to know for certain that she was deadl" Judith understood him instantly, and a look came over her withered coun tenance that almost matched the expres.a sion of his. "She don't deserve to be let live," she croaked. "She thought it rare sport to rob and laugh at de old voman vat did de business for her. Five hundred golden sovereigns, you said, Master Simeon I" "Yes," hlie assented, watching her keenly. "Do you mean to earn them ?" "I do I S'help me, I do I" she almost hissed in his ear. " OGive me some earnest money. Bristol ish a long vays off and de job may require time." Krek saw that she was in deadly earnest, and counted ten sovereigns into her eager hand. "There are four hun dred and ninty more waiting for you," he said coolly. "But mind-I musthavw positive proof she's dead l" "You shall.have it," croaked Judith, "if Peggy isn't poison-proof." "Confound you I" raved Krek. "Keep your plans entirely to yourself i " "Quite right, Master Simeon," mum bled the hag, showing her toothless gums -"You vas quite right. You knows nodings, except dat you vants to provide for your fader's old servant now dat she ish past vork. Dat vas all, MIaster Simeon, bless you I" He had cursed her and she now blessed him; but the Recording Angel probably entered both invocations in the same ledger. (To be Qontinted) Much of a man's success and usefulness depends upon the degree to which he studies the present moment, and so con trives that his power and its power shall work together and in the same direction. Though the past demands our reverence, and the future our faith, we cannot live in either of them. Itis here and now that we must act, if at all ; therefore let us embrace the present moment, do the work that lies nearest to us, strive to understand our fellow-men, to discover their moral and intellectual atmosphere, and to supply, according to their needs and our abilities, something which will promote their present and future welfare. The whale is believed by some natura lists to have been originally a land animal, and to have fled to the water for safety. Probably, when on slhore he mar riod a talkative hippopotamus, and ran I away to sea because he couldn't get a quiet moment to himseelf. 