LADY WYNDHAM'S TRANCE. A very curious story in told in the north. west of Somersetshire concerning a lady who lies buried in St. Documan's Church, between Willdon and Wytelct, Sir William Wyndham, who died in October, 1683, married Frances, the daughter of Anthony Hungerford, of Fairley Castle. Several sons and daughters were born to them, and then, much to the grief of her lord, the Lady fell ill, and apparently died. She was put into a coffin, and carried up the hillside, and laid in the family vault in St Decuman's Church, beside another Wyndham who had died several years previously. The mourners returned to the now desolate home, ate the funeral bake-meats, drank the consoling cup and retired to rest. At midnight the sexton, one Will Attewell, might have been seen creeping stealthily along the northern aisle of the church. He had a lantern in one hand and a chisel and file in the other. Going to the Wyndham vault, he forced open the lid of the coffin, which had been deposited there a few hours before, and the feeble light from the lantern fell on the pallid face of Lady Wyndham. Her thin white hands were crossed over the breast, and on the fingers gleamed the jewelled gifts of her loving husband. At the sight of these the sexton's eyes sparkled with delight, and he began to remove them from the tapering fingers. One by one they slipped off the fingers, but a beautiful diamond ring, the choicest gem the lady wore, refuse to leave the hand of its dead mistress. The sexton took up his file and began to cut through the circle of gold. As he did so the file grated on the flesh and a drop of blood came out. How strange that a corpse should bleed! Then the hand was slowly withdrawn from his grasp, and the lady sat upright in her coffin. The sexton gave a shriek of terror and fled. Realising what had happened, Lady Wyndham sprang out from her coffin, took up the lantern which the sexton in his terror had left behind him and ran to her old home. The family had retired, but the noise eventually aroused a maid-servant, who looked out of the window and then ran shrieking through the house, "My lady's ghost is at the door !" With a great cry the astonished husband ran downstairs, unlocked the door, threw his arms around the breathing form of Lady Frances, and carried her into her room. There he learnt the means of her arrival, and how it had been brought about. Lady Wyndham, so strangely rescued from a living tomb, recovered health and strength, and lived many years in the happiest union with her husband. In St Documan's Church the tomb of Sir William Wyndham may be seen, with figures upon it which are pointed out in confirmation of the story. A N ELEPHANT AT AUCTION I romember once (slys a contributor to theb oGoetlreoan's Mlsgalne ") an eliplpant was being sold hy auction in execution of a decreei atld for sonee rweaoo or other it had not its lprolpl r hnlhut," or driser, on Ito back. The isle wsn tahting plnoe on the large, open rounde or dlain aoulid the (Itondia) courts, nd a small crowd had asseomblel to listen to the bidhling. Whlt with thil noise oad tho absence of its priloel kehledIr,. tie oimsl bhgac to show rigol' eof ritaion,i wioli of oue ooly ilonreased the ,xiltren.elt anod the uoiseo mong the people. Suiheolcy It ilnt atone of the reletatorn,knocked him dilon, and was lproeenilng toI tread the life .oiut of him, when one of its "mgras cutters," aoilditog by, struck it with a spear ac l drovs It off. The dlrver on Its haom then got fright rieil, and, wotbhlng his opportunity as the elephant went under a tree, so leod hold of a branch and saung hImself up. The elephant tried once Ir twice to push the tree down,but not heing able to do this, It waidored about ?th ths Iholough enjoyment of its lib erly, at oatry turn of its body sending the pInlo.stribckn but still curioallupeople, now collected in largo uumbehrs, salnpuiiolg In all directiona. \--'-r?ou ilt-em'upwn-o dog.o.art belngllig'lo one of the judlgo's clerks, who had probably left ie wornk to see the spctloele.. The horse had been taken out, acul the elephant, lifting the whole vehicle p In its truonk, with as much easeappar atly as Ishould lift uoia small terrier by the aorlff of the neck, let it fsll with a crsash to the gromid. By this lIme every one who had saly descrllption of a vehicle within the violoity and could get away began to drive off as fast os posibloe. The courts became domorclised, all turning out to witness what would next take place. The "grass outter' went to the animal which, thouah he suffered him.to approach, would by no means allow him to get on his back or to control him in any way. The police sent around a notice to the European bungalows It bwing.near the 'time for the evening drive to the effect that thny should stay at home, or look out for the elephant. There was no need to proclaim the danger to, the native baaaar, though I believe it was done, as the news would rte aod far faster in its natur.l course The courts suspended work for the day, not only because it woa near the time to do so, but berrous It was' impoibhl to stop noecasional tamlpedes into them by frightened crowds at ev ty niew movement of the eleplhant,aud because evy?yotw was in too elcited a state to do llny buineass At last aother elephant, which was hkpt at the Iolice "lines," arrivedon lie sceloe, with chains and a number of men armed with spears to capture the truant, but immediately It wcught sight of its would-be captors it turned, tall and bolted, with Its pIursuers following, and .as not seoured until early the next morning, about 30 miles distant, by its proper "mlhout." 