THE SERMON. DAWN AND NOON. By the REV. WILLIAM A. .QUICK, of 1 ^ Brighton, Victoria, Malachi iv. 2.-But unto you that fear My name shall the Sun of Righteousness arise with healing in His wings; and ye shall go forth and gambol as calves of the stall. (Revised version.) First, the prophets declaimed against national sins;' then they threatened punish ments in the name of the Lord; and, lastly, with the tenderest entreaty, they begged the nation to return to God by repentance, and with full confidence of forgiveness and acceptance. This was the way of the pro phets in dealing with a backsliding nation. This was the way of Malachi. He charged upon his people many sins. They had de fied the relation in which they stood to 'Jehovah. He was no father of theirs, they said; and they suited their conduct to their words; they profaned Hie name, and made so light of Hia ordinances as to offer in sacrifice the blind and lame of their herds. Brethren, the same sin prevails now in this country,. Yea, some men deny the very existence of God, and others, who do not advance so far in unbelief, live as though they had never received any good at His hands, and were under no obligation to Him. What they give to the maintenance of His religion is the least they can bestow; it hardly amounts in value to a lame ox or a damaged package. Indeed the religion of some people costs them less than a summer trip, less than a picture; yes, less than their dogs cost them. Yet, as they know, a com monwealth is doomed to decay if the claims of God and of religion are not met. This prophet charged "treacherous deal ing" upon his people—a treacherous deal ing, first with God, and then, us was natural, with the tenderest of all earthly ties, those between a man and a woman who, with'solemn vow, had "covenanted to gether in holy matrimony."' Ah, we are fol lowing the Jews of ancient times in this treacherous dealing. For anything thou sands upon thousands of us care for God's, day, His house and ordinances, they may go. Let us understand, however, that the 1 Home with its sacredness will have also to go, and reverence for paicnt3, and the ten-1 aer love of married life. If we cease to acknowledge the watchful eye that is de tecting our sin, and directing towards us a sure retribution, our domestic life will but plague and buraen us; Many of the irreli gious have come to this, and many move are following on. Who can doubt that to men and women of low and coarse nature our law of divorce suggests divorce in the very hour of their matrimony? What care they? Entering into vows means little, for here is an act which offers facilities for "putting away." Let us in this land be warned by history, for it repeats itself. The" apostacy which Mala el u describes was general, but not universal. In the midst of a multitude of sinners there were a few God-fearing people.-There.may have been more than tne prophet thought. Pro phets from 151ij'ah onw'ard to this time have occasionally erred in their statistics. Any way, as a great and most gracious promise is made to as many as fear God, I will try to identify -them, in order that they may be strengthened and uplifted by what I have to say. FEAR IS THE DAWN OF RELIGION. I. "You that fear My name"—as though God had said, "You that fear Me" (His name being descriptive, and therefore a revelation of His glorious attributes). Un like the profane, who used the name of God in blasphemies, these people "thought upon His- name" . (3rd chapter, 16th verse) made it the sub ject of their meditation; and as they thought- and thought there came to them, a sense of His greatness and majesty, filling them with wonder and awe; and a realisa tion of His goodness producing in them a, tender reverence. It was no superstitious dread which came to these people when they thought upon the name of God, but an intelligent appre hension of His holiness and righteousness, His mercy and condescension, as revealed to them through Moses and the prophets, and throughout the long line of wonderful events which stood prominent in their na- tional history; events which confirmed be yond question all that God had spoken of Himself and of the inevitable effects of irreverence, disobedience, and false deal- ing. Then and now that sense of God which is common to mankind-vague in some, clear and commanding in others finds its answer and comfBrmatfon in all history. Individuals and nations cannot set themselves against the laws and ordi nances of Holy Scripture and escape the penalties it denounces. All God-fearing people know this, and their lives are go verned by thteir knowledge. They are not superstitious; they have hold of a phil- osophy which is founded on incontrovertible facts—the true philosophy of religion. They fear to bring upon themselves the anger of God by disobedience. And so, re gardless.of the multitudes who profane the day of the Lord and scorn to be among His worshippers, regardless of temptations to throw on the restraints religion and act as fancy or passion may dicttte, they are blameless as to -the ordfnances and com mandments of God. For these they show a profound regard. Has not this beep taught them from their chilcihood? Through the early teaching and pious example of their parents such habits as the fear of God imparts have became, in a way, natural; and thus there is no show made of any religious act as though it were unusual and deserving, of commendation. The fear of the Lord creates modesty. The man who permits this fear to have its full influence upon him cannot wrong his fellow-man. He is not so mean and avaricious as to be on the look-out for op portunities of overreaching. He would rather help another than be]p himself to another's injury and loss. He is honest, cha6tef temperate, industrious, and alto gether a good and valuable citizen. The fear of the Lord makes good parents. They like to see their children religious, well conducted, respectable. It makes children obedient and helpful, servants careful of their- master's time and property, and masters just and fair and generous in deal- ing with servants. If this fear did but rule in all our domestic and political life, in our factories, shops, and farms, aye, in our offices and financial institutions, what a blessing would come to us! Then, what foes to the country they are who throw off this fear! We may reckon as worse than a foreign enemy the men who are never at -public worship, and who do nothing to sustain that beautiful, orderly reverence which religion inspires, and which is sO beneficial in its effect on the life of a people and the institutions of a country. «s .and j-wprk.. rlahfcepiuness; ypu^teaich your children to?f you may fie cojnmerided tor uprightness,' and perhaps for many amiable qualities which win you the respect of yo\ir neigh bours.; With all, you are,.so. conscious of your integrity and sincerity that you ask, "What lack I yet?" The text is an in timation that you do need something more. Is not this implied in the promise which God gives to you? And, 1 may ask, are there not in your best hours-those times of thought and prayer-misgivings lest you may have missed . some superior gift, "a brighter light and greater strength of grace than even fear imparts? Has not a mysterious intvard teaching awakened a hope in you of certainty instead of doubt, of faith's full assurance, of glowing love to God? Have you not spiritual longings for those greater gifts which you see, but oh! so'dimly? LOVE IS THE NOON. II. We will try to understand what the promise means. In order to do so it is necessary that we compare, if- ever so briefly,- the Mosaic and the Christian dis pensations. That there is a great differ-, ence between them is manifest from the different descriptions given of good men in the two Testaments. In the old they are said to "fear" God; in the new to "love" God.. The stress is in the Old ..Testament laid on the "fear of the Lord," Which was the sum of experimental piety and the origin of outward excellence. In the New Testament it is laid on "the love of God>" which.ia the main element in the experience and life of a time Christian. I do not mean that the God-fearing men of the Oid Testa ment dispensation knew. nothing of lave to God, but.that they had it not as a com mon possession and ruling force in their hearts. , Thsy-could not Tt>e identified by it. Simvr' with ita terrors and the law with itfTawful'sanctions were..ever before tbem-fyea, their worship, with its pro hibitions and-^exactions, all so minute and ao tedious to xiB8j9rTe^-?ended,to fjear rather than to , / It isxotfceWke now tljat .the Sun of RighteoufciUjSsfe Jifcfe appeared. * The Chris tian does not"ignore Sinai or the law that was given there for the government of his moral adi£. He also fears God. Hut it is to Calvary he resorts; his thoughts, his love is here. As be looks at the Crucified One a fire kindles in his soul. The words of.his Saviour reach him here-"For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have eternal life.John 3, .16. At this spot he seeuis to hear the beloved disciple's tones-"Here in is'love;"not that we loved God, but that He loved us, and sent His Son to be the propitiation for our sins (I. John, 4, 10.). The Christian is rapt, and lingers amid the scenes of redeeming mercy. It is here he pays his vows unto God. His inspiration for cross-bearing and self-sacrifice comes from Calvary. Here he gives himself for the service of mankind. A breadth of view is gained on Calvary; a liberty and daring ' for all noble deeds such as Sinai never gave. And so, while the ancient nation saw the dawn, both Jews and Gentiles see, or may see, the uoon. "God is no respecter of! persons." | The Son of God has enme; a new era has opened^ A clear light is shining upon the old Scriptures of the Jews. The illumina-1 tidn, which has given the Christian Scrip-1 tures, has rested on the more ancient | oracles, and thus, by the merey of God, ! there comes to be a Bible, not for a single race, but for all nations of mankind, a i Bible which reveals a religion necessary for , and suited to all the populations of the | world. j But I must now go back and speak again of one class of persons in particular, "Unto you that fear My name.' Of this class were the pious .lews of Mnlnehi's time. Bv faith they saw the days of STcssiah, and, like Abraham, they "rejoiced," although they saw but dimly, having to pierce through the gloom of four hundred years. Of the same class were those Saints who, at the time of our Saviour's birth, were fearing and waiting-Zacharias and Eliza beth. "The day-spring from on high shall visit us," said he, and the beams did, in deed, shine upon thein. The sun was as cending. (Luke i, 75, U.Y.) Simeon was favoured with a special revelation from God that he would live to see Messiah. He' saw and embraced Him with a sweet and satisfying restfulnc?.?. Pass on to the time when the Christian dispensation was fully opened by the events of Pentecost, and you see a complete ac complishment. Tlie clouds of night have gone; dawn is past; the effulgence of noon is about us. ? The promised baptism of the Holv Ghost has become a foundation fact in Christian history. And the wait ing, longing, praying, yet doubting and fearing disciples of the Lord have come into their full inheritance. What an access of love and courage! What daring zeal! What 6elf-renunciation! What labour "and" suffering! _ What endurance! Yea, what triumpliant joy they have! 'The "Sun of Righteousness is high in the heavens, and there-wiH be no setting. : WALK IN THE BRIGHTER LIGHT. You, brethren, may now be asking, What interest have we in this promise? ;Let me sjieak out my fears. Are uot many of you living the life of . a former dispensation living as though ignorant of; or indifferent to the privileges and dktigs of the religion you profess? Yo1illbaVe a certain fear.of God, and it makes you upright in jour deal ings and kindly in your dispositions. You have some satisfaction in your conscious integrity. But you have not the joy of as sured acceptance with God, Your heart sins are not uprooted; they return upon voUj and ore victors. Your religious state is that of defeat and condemnation, as St. Pauj describee it. (Rom. vii.) You have not entered the light and liberty, the love and power, of the eighth chapter. All this is secured for you by the.promise contained in this text. It is a promise that means more light all-revealing light,, the light of the glorious Gospel of the blessed God. By it the con science-stricken Jsoul finds his way to the sinner's Saviour, whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in His bipod, to declare His righteousness for the remission of- sins that,are past, through the forbearance of God; to declare, I say, at this ti'me His righteousness, that Be might be just, and the justifier of him which be lieveth in Jesus. (Komans 3, 25, 26.) Coming through Ohriattp God, nndf looking ft>r His mercy through thei complete and all-sufficieut sacrifice of the Gross, peace is exfchainged for condemnation.the .unclton ness of sin is purged atvay,all;*ense of, bondage and all slavish-fear depart, and the sinner nowfinds freedom of access to his heavenly E^thery A new power tenters hfs soul-tne^ttowtjr of.-, a divine affectiop, And the. joy.ot^hfeioew-found love is "ita Bpeakabfe jand Mid The promise it fulfillfrti--~ ^dcfe ehftll' go forth and ascaWesof U»e «tall// Thereon verifced ma-i&strdnga; nd joyous, like young kine let gofrom theconnnement of a darjs stall to browse where the sun shines on tha green grass of a meadow. His is the joy, of restored health and ample supplies from bis heavenly Father. In the Lord Jesus there is healing for all, healing for wounded consciences, broken hearts, and pained minds, healing, too, for nil our race. Who can doubt that when the nations shall Bee this Sun and walk in jJis light there will be "new heavens andrn new eorth?" May the blessed transformation be hastened! Brethren, there is a responsibility rest-* ing upon each of you. It is not for your salces alone that I beg of you to "walk in the light." Think with pity of the sfo and sorrow which still afflict mankind. You are accountable to God if you fail to avail yourselves of His "greatssalvation," and the tnore.accountablejf you fail to reflect upon others the light yon gain fromBim, "Arise, shine, for. thy light is come, and the,glory of the Lord is risen uponTtnee." Put'yourselves in the brightness, and draw all whom you con influence within the healing light and warmth of the Sun. 