C01JRSIKG CHATTEE. By " Blakemere." I regret having to write that one day last week that grand working bitch, Darebin Meg, by Darebin King from Miss Megaphone, by Rufford— Heyday, by Sentry Go—Kip, by Pilot—Hazard, by Cauld Kail—Bergamot, by Sackcloth, dropped dead at tlie conclusion of a hand gallop. Darebin Meg, who was owned by her breeders, the Messrs. Nicholl Bros., was a genuine performer, and, although about a coutile of lengths slow for> a first-class greyhound, was wonderfully clever on her hare, and her los?. je to be very much deplored. As showing what frrm she was in, it was only in the beginning of t'.iis month that she won a stake at Bendigo. Perhaps it vi'as owing to tbe fact that Miss Megaphone was a full sister to The Joker that the following incident happened. A trophy presented by a whisky firm was added to the stake at Bendigo, and, as Mr. Burridge, the president of the club, imagined, duly arrived, and was after the victory of Darebin Meg presented over a glass of wine to Mr. Win. Nichol, who asked Mr. Burridge to pack it up, promising to call for the presentation later in the evening. When he did so he found another claimant in a newly-married man, who adduced such testimony that the marble eight-day clock was a wedding present that Mr. Burridge was forced to arrive at the conclusion that the clock which had been duly toasted was not a whisky trophy at all, but was intended for the new benedict's mantelpiece. , Apologies were duly made to Mr. NichoII, who accepted them, and a few days after received from Mr. Burridge the actual trophy. I am afraid if they are not very careful the newlyestablished club at Alberton, South Gippsland, will get itself into a mess, as several of its members are well-known as nominators at the North- Gippsland meetings, and even at Moonee Valley. The sporting instinct of the district is so predominant that Mr. J. T. M'Lachlan, owner of ^ Outcast, Outcast III, and other good dogs' alIed tiiem together and decided to form a club to hold a meeting on 6th July, but at the same time it is . for i an • unlimited • • number r „. of dogs registered \--• or \-- ot t being the opinion of the meeting that there , • , J . , , , ' ere not > ' - sufficient registered ^gistcic.L dogs uog m the district to make the day's sport successful. S ~ )n ui ^ t S f < S ° N.C.C. says: " Any yrey hound running at an ^ unr&jistercd; meeting, or in a stake with unregistered reyhounds, may be disqualifiedAnd then the sub-clause of the same rule runs .- " Ml greyhounds not registered, shall be debarred from runnm/ in any takes run vnder the N.C.rules." I shall consequently be anxious to note under what rules the proposed club will run. The North Gippsland Club's Champion Stakes ad 2S entrants, and of these the final brace were Mr. A. C. Clarendon's bk. wb». La Maurier, by Kildare from Trilby, a December puppy, bred y her owner, but I am quite ignorant of the trains of blood possessed by either La Maurier's ire or dam. The runner-up . was Outcast III, , by utcast II., from Maggie by Wrekin—Siesta. " ' Tot utcast ran into the last four and then fell, as did er brother, Outcast HI., in the final before the inner. The favourite in the Calcuttas, Poetess, nly survived one course, and High Step (by arkaway—Hornpipe), an almost equal favourite ith Poetess, went down " pop " when opposed by ecretary Luke's Little Winnie, by Trimmer—Opal, nd consequently sister to Hilltop, the Warrackna- beal runner-up. The Australian Waterloo Cup to commence at Moonee Valley t- ,, on the , 12th , JU . July, iV Luiumencc promises at to provide plenty of good sport, and in addition to the money prize of £'250 and the mammoth consultation of £25,000, of which no doubt the winner and owner will obtain a share, the proprietor of the porting Judge has promised a gold medal as a souvenir of the event to the lucky owner of the My notes on the dogs to be disposed of by Mr. M'Gillicuddy are held over until next week, owing to want of space in this issue. Owing to the President's Plate meeting at Geelong and the Champion Stakes at Echuca eventuating this week, Mr. Archie Cox was uufor. tunatclv unable to fn'llv — j h a Cup stoke thero bei.Ssix B 311 . J I % U * P ' tneie neing --©—— six short « of wj. the complement wumicuiCIlt ° f thutv - two t,lfi w of thirty-two, " but the St. Leger had its full number, and this could have been increased. The thanks coursing "to on Mr. Monday ,Cox V s was ju^mwit.'tie"''arena' of a very high order, was like for, bmni 1 Cup running, j lie arrangements throughout the meeting were eminently satisfactory, and too much praise cannot be bestowed upon Mr. Cox/ wlio w^"^urfoTSrfT ithout the assistance of his l.rora^^S.^' Goodwood Cct.—First Rotjnd.- -Ben Eolt j-.ujl.icu led Gol d ? n l^gle half-a- dozen lengths, and aithough urunng a bit wildly the Chilfcern dog permitted of no interference from the slower one. Belladonna was too fast for Kington Fairy, but neither ran a course. Ready Money was five lengths superior in speed Ifipd to tn Royal P/it>ol Scot, but 1...J. went i wide on J the e turn, when the Romsey dog dashed i and killed, a loser. 'After leading Magpie three lengths, Hennie II. gave un possession to the Geelong dog, who b became very ery^busy, but the Melfort-kennels bitch would not be denied, aud finishing, verv strongly had a good balance in hand when Mr. Woods d^i^r) decided i„ in her favour. Honour Bright led Leonore II. nearly half-a-dozen lengths, lnn^lin aud 1 the a 1. Rutherglen T» j i . dog . v Keeping well on the line of his game, won all the way. Crown Jewel, who hails from the Pivot, was four and a-half lengths faster than Lilian, aud only allowed the Numurkah bitch an occasional exchange (on sufferance. Owing to BignelPs slips breaking, Olga was left a dozen lengths in the fear of Lord Hope, but when next her game the fawn bitch stuck so closely to her scut that she pulled a hard trial off; moreover, she had bad luck in only flecking her hare when driving for a strong kill. Dareoin Joker never allowed Polish Ghost a sniff of their quarry, and the ancient Fraulein II. had a merry course indeed with Stonehenge II,, whom she led by three lengths. After the turn a most pretty giveand-take course ensued, the old 'un making several drives to kill, and eventually 6ucceded in killing, and winning with a fair balance in hand. Hot Shot was three lengths .faster than My Jewel to the hare, and got in all the early work, but the GeeJong bitch was making matters very merry indeed when Hot Shot drove to covert a winner. Marvel up set the odds laid on Walnut II. by leading him three lenghs, and flecked on the first turn, leaving the slower dog no point but a kill of little merit. Long odds were laid on the Chiltern bitch, Shan Van Vocht, beating Admiral Drake, but the latter was three lengths faster, and immeasurably superior throughout. Red Comyu was faster than Bluebird by a length and half in the run up, but the slower greyhound became so very busy that when she killed it was generally thought she had won, but Mr. Woods decided against lier. Certainly a lot of her work and the kill took place close to a fence, so that merit was wanting in . a lot of the work. First Ties.—Ben Bolt, keeping splendidly to the line of his game, badly beat Belladonna, and this after leading her tar* Henniell. M R ^ . M o ^ t a lengths, when the latter got in ana wientuea thrice, Luiitu, besides umiura flecking, uouniug, auu aud a scramoung scrambling mil kill brought off tfaecap-a splendid decision. When again put.in slips; slim. Ready Readv Monev Money drew aw,v away and reached his glrne three lengths clear; his superior pace always left him a winner, and the verdict was in his favour after a really splendid give and take course. Honour Bright llightly hung in slips, but nevertheless reachld his |ame two and a-half lengths in front of Crown Jewel, RleS 0^ 1 lheGed0ng worked well the Rutherglen dog s superior pace always served him. Darebin Joker made his first turn four engths in advance of Oiga, and driving a very fast hare most beautifully won very decisively. Fraulein II. led Hot Shot a length and a-half and turned a weak hare into the slower dog's teeth. Marvel was three lengths faster than Admiral Drake and run- R ^ T r T , bye! ° f D ° M816tanCe - J J Second Ties.—Ready Money cleared out from Ben Bolt and reached his game two and a-lialf lengths in advance of the Chiltern dog. Keeping possession the black scored a couple more, when, after an exchange, the brace flecked in unison, but puss saved a few seconds, although when Ready Money brought her to grass he was a most decisive winner. Honour Bright led Darebin Jokerja length, and going wide off the turn let in the red dog, who killed and brought off the cap. When again put together Darebin Joker got the turn a length in advance of the Rutherglen dog, but let the latter w ' 10 wrenched twice and killed, winning a very lose Fraulein II., after leading Red Comyn two and a-half lengths, only [allowed him a shade of work in the middle of the course, terminated by a kill from the old bitch's deadly ivories. Marvel ran a bye. Third Ties. — Ready Money drew past Honour Bright in the run up and gained the turn three lengths to the good, and going on in brilliant style only allowed be white dog a solitary point, and that by favour. raulein II. led Marvel a length and a-half, and lthough the fawn took all his part ill a splendid fnun.ann.+ alr/i flnnren flin lii 3 jve-and-take course, the bitch's superior speed lways left her a balance in hand m a pretty course. erminated by puss coming to grief by Fraulein's aws. Deciding Course.—Ready Money at once rew away from slips and got the initial point alf- a-dozen lengths in advance of the old bitch, ho, when she had a chance, drove wildly and ame a cropper. Ready Money then won in a ost hollow fashion. St. Leger Stakes. — Fiest Round. — Gordon Lad, in a short and merry course, led Sunlight three lengths aud quickly terminated matters with his teeth. Pastime was four lengths slower than Happy Owen and quite useless tliroughout a course to the top of the ground. Darebin Spy was a couple lengths in advance of GamelGiii as she reached her r e and P ut ' a11 tbe early work, but the Girl was -, -, -. ' as so game and clever, and stuck so closely to her work at the finish of a good course, that there could have been very little margin in the Spy's favour when Mr. Woods decided for her. The Gippsland dog, Doubtful Dick, secured the initial and won in a course similarly run. Pitti Sing served Eily Moore in exactly .the same way, working very f^t. 3 ' a f nd H , a PK' G ? m le , d Partner the not S Ibeing S : able to reach "a fast hare. Figaro was leugtlis slower than First Light, a " d 110 use whatever to the Derby winner, not run so closely on his game as H i 11 that event. Quin Abbey was three lengths s u P erior in pace to Deaconess, who drove to covert a loser. Belle's close work and length lead easily easilv disposed disnnspil of nf Amberite, Amliprit.o and an/1 then High TTi^rli Sheriff filmnff got trot out of si slips ins and bad had a. a slinrf. short course""on liio his when again putin slips was led a couple of lengths by Bright Wings, who was quite unequal the strain, as the Sheriff took possession and won cie devwly'^d v erly'find decisively. Roouey King was vas led a C0 U P 3e of lengtlis by Battalion, but both dogs G ran most slovenly, the verdict being for the King. Fanny Parnell put down a hot favourite in Thoughtless Beauty by leading her opponent four lengths nd beating her almost pointless. First Ties— Happy Omen led Gordon Lad a couple of lengths, and after a-coup| ; self out. of com i : for a two longj. admitted of no Zimmerman wa« - . and after making •; the Lancefield i.-. when the flag m , :. much balance tV four and a-half 1, matters by gins .• Pitti Sing four I. occurred, when the" four wrenches Ijj ,., cap off. When .,., bitch was two ai-i'; to the Gem, and « had scored five he- v Abbey, who scored uli i e ^ H s , ran all over him. j was a.couple of iV;j.-i;,„ an exchange kille,|/ Although sbfSk the course Fanny half lengths, M.. !nucl! Booney King, altir ble chances, i she gave the 1st r. „• T f f a s w X l d ' t» mofe L w rt ;' ' • rCJr n.mnl W S P™ ses ™» to a U,,J w L, ™' Womingv- \\-Lf i u v '' J lk . d - V > U. she had just lead when the h Darebin Spy took somely. Hill To, J 7 nt t n '3' " 1 1 1 ' his game three and pjj-fT s;, lrT „.>.„ „.-, half , , leugtlis c to F rS/r IV! ,nV, Mki, i P l ™.r g . D :\ b SUpullor aUv P-^e ahva \- vf; - opening essays. ^ ^ k F.mn.v l\ir ne!l had"' High Sheriff to the hart, gaining KUtoti^an,/^-! 1 ' 8 n ? * * ^ X ^ ^ V ^ u ^ ^ ^ ^ d ' t e ? & $ £ 3 } ome a ' wh)nei, « t once and led ^ fter which thev 0„. ha acUnabeal dogahv.v, 1 d b to tiref ' Hi I Top l J very decisive winner. Fim S 7 all-important point,« „ !ir„l ,lX f ^ ^ ««{•'• art m the course, tiic superior t innerleft him with a u increasing hah nd he won comfort;;' >j y. iHciikijl'f.m. as slower from slips than First etting in his stride drew past in He eaching his game half-a-dozen lengths® ent on in such brilliant s-tjie thai llowed the Derby wium-i- a solitary jurat The meeting conclii'.k-d on Tuesday, exceptionally brilliant one from a sport' view, although the pony-racing interf with the attendant;. Mr. Cox bad the to have over a hundred hares stolen 5 ago, and this necessitated the use oil ones, a misfortune to he deplored. Ms. judged in fine style, and svlien there™ close he naturally received ihebenetitof' Bigoell did not s-lip <mite as k M the Derby week, ijni this va<iwf as the hares persisted in facing tk : natural trait of .•ir.-,—anil broke round, rendering lie slipping a M fIr. Cox is to be (.-on-, niiuiateiloii having;' in a difficult task. f. • he had everything". • i make it. ami it dhrithmue course as human hands o.. 1 : be said there was an the two days' couivi Ready Monky. : Cup, was bred, re;'.-- Tom Reillv, of ('• 5 staunch supporter > 11' ijie game tl bad times, and p heartiiv w his success, as lie la \ ear had hard kia up to Confidence 1 ,,'h i Hiahway in t Cup. Ready Mom is Iiy Socialist, ; High Rent in the"'A .uerlooCupof W" of Henrietta, who :j .- into the last for stake. Henrietta • ;ded tlie M.V.I sister, Hermiom is bv The Last Coveted Lass, bv from Tiding 5 i on her dam's side i,itih pre?uuied to. .),. Jjonnel Mefsrs. once in tbe for/ni- Patterson preside; Mr. Patters® give the satisfac of letting the known. Franks ound, ran with wrce.ntihlv tiri • winner of tbe * and trained by' IL'. who has 1»'. } I for ft fourth i ilinnt. lire. sHboji; -.wards the ' T i have. rliel; , 0ld the country,' much in years w , „ very superwf fair stake, if , big dog. Hill Tor, the v: nier of the St. • roll andjM.* property o f ^ ^ ^ (0 ^ nabeal, and was '»«";;- CarroU, of M.nj-.j., { >f im love for the , . ( SM1 „„„. ill Top, who " ,i'l-nabeal, but purchased j^yoy. up for a stake, o" 6 ^'as somewhat slow Ir "" 1 . /L^t puppi® pace, mi and A is one ui ui tlie tie ^hifj an c»n seen for manv many days, v.. 101 v - , ^n,i _„„ ncve o f him like a thorou^n^.^ js chance away. •-- nnu„ cal, but from l m ison of Trimmer, was w l.u i ipsy, whilst in£ J 0f m.V Fly, but probably further*": riends will enligh^" 1^^^ j ft a brilliant dog. L pace this week to t ^, o ther competitors. 