Terrible Burning Accident, A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYING PAN. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had tho misfortune to slip and fall op tho hot water pipes, and beforo he could bo rescued ho waa scnlded and burnt in a terrible way. Tho shock of tho burning and tho fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for n number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering Lv-tiiiuty ii mil JuiiuuiULUi iku^m, U11U ULllUr lUriUH of paralysis- A few months ago, however, re ports began to be circulated in the neighbour hood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous rocovery from this apparently incurable malady. Ib was on account of those rumors that a special re porter from tho Sydnoy Wokkeu was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon ho made hia way to hia house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thoa. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and his faco declared him ono of the hnppiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer thojknock at tho door. Although palo and bearing still a few marks of a critical illne.S3 and a period of pain, it waH very clear that he was an invalid no more. In roply to the prolimary questions he said : — 'You wnnt to know nil about my case 1 Woll, I am glad of an opportunity to toll you. Tho facts may bo of value to those who aro stricken as I waa.' 'How long were you suffering V 'Woll, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I havo dono nothing Hinco then. About five years ago next Christmas I mot with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydnoy. Sinco tho accident I have been in failing health imd after four yenrs of gradual development of tho malady I was forced|to give up my billet at tho Glebo Island.' 'What wero tho symptoms ?' OHiipiy luuL'tiuiiuauit:. jluu jjihuh -vuro aom ti- thing terrible. They wore just about as much as I could bear. They were for all tho world like as if a saw wore cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladdor, and was a nuisance to myself and everyono olso. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and ho told me that my case was utterly hopeless. Howover, he gavo mo an^order to the Director of Charitnblo Institutions.' 'Did vou make use of the order !' 'No ; I cams home and went to bed, and havo beon nrettv well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago 1 could not walk across the floor ; in fact I could not get oub ofibed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a questien of daya when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, nnd did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, fojease the agony I was in. 1 \va3 under him for five or six weeks. He camo to the conclusion that I waa suffering from loco motor ataxy or progressive locomitjr ataxy'a disease of the spinal chord, characterized by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ton years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then tho pjtient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion i3 not infnllible). Wall, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise ment describing the cure affected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Peqple. I read in the ad vertisement of a case which seemed ,to fit my own I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was a marvellous as ib was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the fir.st appotite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed nnd was able to move about. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly now, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. WilKam3 Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them.' 'He is 100 percent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvis who had come iu taken the baby on her knees, 'The Dr. Willirms Pink Pills for Pale People have saved hia life, and made another man of him.' j A friend who called afc this point said tha Jurvis looked ten years younger that day thon he did a fortnight previous. 'I cm now,' continued Jarvis, ''have a cold bath, and .ill tho feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and bonefib to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They havo saved my life. 1 am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On tne mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gavo me to deaden tho excruciating pain. But they can stay whore they are, for I no longer need them Everybody who Knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again haB caused quite a sensation out here.' Such a remarkable history, and its confirms what is said in all the chief newspaDora of this c untry of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. W 11 ams' Pink Pil la for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished slate of the blood, such as an;umia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache/, etc. Mr J. S. T, McGowetij leader of the Labor Party in theN. S. W. Legislative Assembly, was Been by our reporter in connection with the re miiikableciseof Thomas Jarvis. Mr. McGoiven says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that ho had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which ho had developed. He after wards heard that Jarvis was bedrridden, and that there was lilfclc chance of hia recovery. Ho understood Jarvia was refused admission to Sydnoy Hospital, an hia case had beon pro nounced incurable. Mr. McGowen, wbs, therefore, like everyone olso who knew the facts, astounded at the com pleto recovery of Jarvia. These wonderful pills aro obtainable from leading chomials, or from the Dr. Wiliiams' Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2a 3d., or half dozen for los 3d. Sae that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. 