Circuit News. Dungog. — Rev. A. Cooper. In travelling to this circuit from the Manning Kiver the President was met at Gloucester (40 miles distant from Dungog) by one of our local preachers, and driven to Telegherryon the 12th inst. Here he was cordially welcomed by a select audience, who listened with pleasure and profit to his interesting lecture on (i Gladstone.' For such an event the church would have been crowded on a moonlight, but our people being widely scattered, the (lark night limited the attendance. Hearty thanks were accorded the President for his visit and for his interesting and able lecture. On the following evening,. 13th inst., a ' Welcome Social ' was held at .Dungog. The chair was taken by Mr. Piper. J.P., senior circuit steward, who had kindly placed his spacious hall at our service, which was packed to the doors. In a few well chosen words the chairman extended a hearty welcome to the President, and stated that, according to his knowledge extending over 25 years, this was the first visit o£ a Presi dent during his year of office to the Dungog circuit. After some musical items, the minister spoke a few words of welcome on his own/ behalf, and then read an address of welcome on behalf of the eongi egation and the Y.P.S.C.E Short and appropriate addresses also were given by Rev. 0. E. Hill, C. of Eng., and Eev. D. Baird, Pres. But the item o£ the evening was the President's address, and was listened to with rapt attention from start to finish. We felt proud of our President as we listened to his address. The programme was of a high class character and passed off with enthusiasm. Representatives of sister churches took a prominent part in the entertainment, and rendered effective and much appreciated ser vice. Light refreshments brought a most pleasant function to a close about 10.30. ??' i . . Bellinger River.— Rev. A. Graham. The Quarterly Meeting, held last week, was well attended, and in every respect was a good meeting. The Lord's Supper administered at the opening was a spiritual feast. Some names were added to the roll -book. A very hearty unanimous vote was passed, .expressive of ?appreciation of President Rodd's visit. An improvement in the ordinary income and the special efforts enabled us to ; pay our way and £9 off deficiency- for previous quarters. The Rev. A. Graham was unanimously ?invited, .to remain in the circuit a third year. William-street.— Rev. R. Allen.. , The 39th anniversary of the William-street Sunday-school was. celebrated on. Sunday last. Bright weather, capital singing, and . pretty decorations all assisted to render the services enjoyable. ???'? The preachers were ' Revs. W; P. Oakes, C. W. Moon, and R.. JEast. ;The; con gregation; in the morning might; have been larger but the 'afternoon and ;- evening atten dances were pretty good. On Monday evening a children's concert was given in ? the church and passed off . successfully. ; Mr.S. E. Lees'. M.L.A., being in the chair; and, Rev. J. Hulme delivering an address. The report referred to the fact that in common with the, majority of schools the attendance had decreased somewhat, the temperance society was in' abeyance, but a ? very substantial increase -yas :? .reported W mission contributions and improvement in the library. Mr. A. Galloway Miller wielded the baton and Mr. Geo. Godfrey presided at; the organ. The collection amounted - to £13; 13s. Rockdale. — Rev. J. A. Waddell. The Arncliffe Sunday-school celebrated its anniversary; vwi tit special (services? bri f S u i i d ay 23rd ult.. The moriiing^preacner 'was Rev. P. S. Young, (Primitive). In the afternoon the' superintendent, Mr. G. ;. Campling, presided, giving an address, and the evening service twas taken by the circuit minister. The'services were well attended, and' highly 'interesting. . The singing of the scholars' to the- organ accompaniment, of Mrs. J. Farleigh, and under the conductorship of : Mr. Swindells, was exceedingly good, as was. their : reciting. ' The public meeting on Monday night was 'crowded, and : the -report of school work . for .the year (presented by,, the .secretary, :Mr. ,A.,-J; Carruthers), . was . indicative of : progress.' ? A hearty ' vote of thanks ' was accorded to the officers and teachers. ''?'During 'the proceedings, the presentation of a gold \ albert and pendant ?wasi made to Miss Zist, who is leaving the district. The Rev. J. A.^ Waddell, in making the presentation, said the gift .was' from ?? the officers and teachers of the school,- who held Miss Zist in high esteem1 as a devoted teacher, find-, a, genial fellow- worker.' ; The- annual treat was hold at Sandringham, and with fine weather, charming scenery, merry gaines, and. what- is specially heedful to juvenile : Satisfied tionV'an abundance^ of inviting eatables and' drinkables, a delightful day 'was spent. .'???. ; Parramatta.— Rev. J.E. Carruthers. A 'well-attended 'At' Home ''was held in , M.adquarie Hall, on ?Thursday, October 27th. They affair. : was] organised by ;:. the . Women Workers', Society.. .and was.inteuded.io inaugu rate a scheme for'raisihg^lOOO. in reduction.' of the i'arratiiatta' Trust Debt; ' The 'President of . the: Conference, and Revs. C. J.' Prescott, M.A^ and P.. J.;Stephen were present, ?and- helped: the cause ,: by timely, hopeful., and encouraging addresses. , The hall, was tastefully decorated, musical selections were given during ' the evening, aiidi refreshments dispensed by the ladies. On Friday evening, the j Mutual slm-. pro vement. Institute held, a jnusical and literary entertainriient ; and on Saturday afternoon the Sunday-school carried out a river and harbour trip to Clark Island and back. On Sunday evening a large congregation listened to a 'plain talk'-oii::gamljlirig'ahd' other, eyils,fi w.ith local applications; and on Tuesday last, the Rev. John Watsford delighted his old Parramatta friends by. rendering his thrilling: stroy of ;the evangelisation of Fiji. And yet Parramatta is sometimes called ''Sleepy Hollow ! ' ' . , 5tanmore^REvs. Dr.. Sellors and iJii' J. Meek. , i A very successful Spring Fair and Conver sazione has just been held in connection with the .Stanmo're Circuit, and in aid of the Circuit Fund and the Trust Funds of the Stauinore Church. As in the case of the effort last year, this was held in the Peteishain Town Hall, which, with the aid of a liberal display of bunting, festoons, ferns, and greenery of all. descriptions, and the artistic and effective drapery of the various stalls, presented to the visitor's eye a tout ensemble, as charming as it was attractive. No effort had been spared to produce tliis effect, and the officers and com mittee must have been gratified at the result of their labours. Mr, J. J.Cohen, the newly elected member for Petersham, performed the opening ceremony on Tuesday afternoon, Oct. 18th, in the presence of Revs. Dr. Sellors, B. J. Meek, G. Lane, S. Wilkinson ; Messrs. F. E. McLean, M.P., A. Smith, and T. H. England, B^A. (Circuit Stewards), A. Gale (Treasurer of the Stanmore Trust), i H. Hicks, F. Reed (one of the hon. secretaries of the Fair), and a large company of ladies and gentlemen. Mr. McLean also addressed the gathering, and wished the Fair every success. The Fair remained open until and during Saturday, Oct. 22nd, and despite the threatening weather of Thursday, 20th, and the rain whtch set in on Friday, 21st Oct., the attendances were ex ceedingly good, that on the closing evening simply crowding the Hall to an inconvenieiit extent. Special programmes of attractions in the form of vocal, instrumental, and orchestral music, calisthenic and gymnastic displays, lightning sketches, Maypole dance, gentlemen's hat-trimming and ladies1 nail-driving .competi tions, tableaux, waxworks, and art pictures had been provided, and one and all pronounced the whole effort a distinct success. . The results were very satisfactory, the gross proceeds including the profits from a very creditable 12 page newspaper, The Sfiuimormii, published in connection with the Fair every evening, under the editorship of Mr. F. E. McLean, being expected to reach £200. Tbe thanks of the committee are due, and are hereby tendered, to all those outside the Circuit who so willingly assisted in numerous ways towards the success which we have to now record. Ballina. - Rev. T. Northcott. ' Mr. C. Stratford, from the. Ashfield Circuit, has spent eight , weeks in this circuit and con ducted special services, with the result that between 50 and GO have accepted Christ as their Saviour. Mr. Stratford's preaching has been electrical : slumbering sinners and, Laodicean professors have been aroused. '' His prayers have sucli 'aim and object arid errand 'that they fasten upon the throne \of God. We thank God t'pr sending ? us ?. Brp. Stratford,; and much more for the power of ;tlie Holy .Ghost.,,. Weare hoping for another visit f r'oni our' brother next May or iJivricV when the 'River farmers will riot be so busy;with; cane- cutting^ HI . !i ? ^'J-. :?'.:; Waverley.—RE vs.- W. -W.','Ru_t£edge and :. ; J. ;HULME; --^ V^; UK^^i' fo^'^r'- vVf . -The anniversary; services, of the Waverley Sunday-school, held on ,Sun,day; the 9th, the following day, .and , by \ the' ^urgent request of many. /repeated tlie Sunday* follpwihg,Vwcre' in every- way 'a- pronounced success, -? The -'Rev's. Dill JVIacky, J.- Woodhouse. W. Oakes,; and, the circuit ministers, Revs. W. W. Rutledge and J. Htilme. preached to qyerflowingcqngregatiqns. At the evening sei'Viccs people had to be turned away for- want of room . ? The offerings were in advance, of last year's, for j which the Superin tendent and teachers expressed their -gratitude. It is only the want of increased funds which prevents' their doing -niariy' things that would make their work still-more effective. The singing at the -services was beyond. all praise. A beautiful selection, of; hymns had, been made, and they were sung ih'a way that'gave pleasure, arid, \vhat is better still,' touched' the conscience arid the heart. -Few -could -listen- to such sing ing without, feeling deeply; moved to better things. MivHuthnance,,the choir-master, must have, given 'great pains to the difficult task of training so large a inunber of children, and in saying that to him, to the 'organist, Mr. Evans, to , the Superintendent ; and to the ? teachers, Wayerley congregation is 'indebted for one of the best anniversaries held, is saying what hi many ways was so heartily recognised. Ashfield.— Rev; R. BAvrsv ' -'i v; ; - ' A very pleasant afternoon was spent at Croydon Park on. Sunday. . 23rd Oct., in con nection with the' third1 annual meeting of .the Juvenile Missionary Society. The Methodist Church; we all know. is;a Missionary Church, and our friends here are not backward in doing their, part towards the extension of Christ's Kingdom at.' home' .arid1' abroad. The, church was; well filled. ?;; Mr! Stone,' the Superiri'tendent of the' Sunday-school, was1- in; the' chair, arid . briefly introduced the speakers of ; the after noon. . ?, Rev.,'M. ;iH. ; farkinson, of : Bowi'al, deliyered an able and. interesting address, in which he ' alluded largely to . piprieei' work in the colonies.- especially 'Queensland. -We also had our Chinese: friends,: Mr;. 'and Mrs. Leearid family .with us, they ^contributed much, to the enjoyment' .of' the /afternoon: The, two little boys sarig with great taste avpretty rluet^ and duriug: the afternoon' 'little' ' Sid Lee sarig '!? Jerusalem,' aud 'Consider' the -Liliesj' in really good style. ^ \\}L\\\ Lee also sang a solo, which was much appreciated. The Secretary's report3 showed the school Had riot ''forgotten the mission ? cause;' ?'??' The -sum oE ;£21 l- 11s (id 'was collected during, the year. An' increaseof ;l(5s 6d .on theprevioiis year. -We intend making an effort this year to ; do better, and thereby help to' wipe out theoverdraf t that is How troubling our 'Board: of Missions. During the. afternoon several prizes ? were . presented to the various collectors. ';??.-?,?-.-. ?; ;- -...-.? , . 