COUNTRY NEWsT .iTyphoidfcverisprevidentin viiTto _:1j 1 10 dan or , uiub Aauiku jMfcycciiuB win bo drv Quite a number of perch liavibn... „ , - the Wimmcra near Horsham laflv s '"i The Rev. Air. A. Crowe ofW i- has received a call to the PpV-xW Church at Kalgoorlio. ' Myites,- A fanner named Whitehead I ; his fingers torn off with a slrinuw ine two ago at Meering West. P1 Cr a «: Airs. Joseph Searle, of been arrested at the instance of her h band on a charge of bigamy. "!f At" Prolong the building once tiwai adherents of tho Church of EiHand li1.1 given over to the rabbits and tl,e% : There is undeniable evidence of therS- I crease of brown trout placed in the strSl i tlic Bright district between four and ago. umt?cia| Owing to the drought, the CrcsiviA-J rougli council has notified that ,->m- found wasting water will have their S cut olr. . Kv Wheat is coming in very hlowlv y. z, wamckiiabcnl gram ahed, only about mu having Icon reccived up to date Mace S of the year. The bridge destroyed by Roods la-t vcar r„; the Cherry lreo Inn, on tho Rah'iiadsl.'n Brntlion road; is now replaced by a EukiWia pile structure. 31 A young man named Dwvcr, from Hi bourne, was getting out of a'bu-»w a' 5? ingoot on Saturday, when he aijimed -J broke his leg . I „ Whilst .assisting to .put out a Imsli fired Airs. Alarshall was badly |,nre3 about the . lower part of her body thrad her dress igniting. ' l | No tidings have yet been received of & I man, Stephen Erring, who iii.vsterionslv& appcared last month from Air. Goafel farm at Rowland. | At a meeting of the Engine Drivers' w! eiation at Bendigo, it was decided to£.| a Od. levy weekly to assist the EnjlW,,vl gineers on strike. I As a result of numerous represent J to the department, the R.-.ihvav Coc->l sioner has decided to erect trucking mi I at IheCobden railway station. I On killing si bullock Mr. S. Young, of IVia I found a common black handled dinner fcih I ifca stomach: The beas.t had not prericajl manifested any symptoms of pain. I At the Leongatha police court, Hanisail notorious Melbourne criminal, and Foilor, ih I a'so lmila from the metropolis and uan'ttfiil of some ability, received sentences for EtaSs I wine. I Donald Hopkins, employed at tlicDeha l mine, Bulumw&ak; was coming up theUddodl the shaft, when by some mischance be ft&hl; the bottom, & distance considerably otuUJ feet. - I The Bruthen council was shown a wrap!,! 8 feet (5 inches long, of the Teredo XavalU,onal worm, which had heen taken from one dial planks removed from the bottom of tbeTiJ Upper punt. i One of the oldest farmers in the Laenfr j trict, Mr. Patrick Hcenan, died on Frjl from inflammation, brought about bviiu-l irig cold water while heated. Deceased raj G7 gears of age. j william Lever, employed at the Avoea Bri j Mills, was feeding wattle bark into gri:&?| machinery, when Ma hand wa? drawn i:,dj the whole of his fingers were severely crsild j and his wrist injured. " :9 Mr. ltupert .Don, mining manager, diB was severely" injured at a claim at flerreiB Jack's last week, is making fair pixrsj Hopes. are entertained that amputatioadl the leg will be unnccessan. I Mr. Lars F.- -WestWr.de, J.P., a resfel of -many years', standing, died at his rel dencc.-Wcfitby Fark/Murrabit, at Co. Tho deceased was a native of Sw&B; and came to this colony in ft51. B The Rutherglen branch of the AXMB a meeting on Saturday night, resolved e-B animously to. support the proposal of & Victorian Chamber of Mines 10 issue « tilicates of competency to miners. j When the smoko at the bis rcs uonvnucrrn mauo tne air uari: Him w electric blue, the bkickfcUows thought tifi the world was about to bo destroyed, and&dl; not be persuaded out of their supcrditiea. J Another effort is -being made onaMKiUl English speculators to get control of 6 Great Southern mine, Bendigo. A coupksj years ago £10,000 cash was refused ; atdshil weeks ngo a cash offer of £1110, COO vra3 alnsj fused. . I Tlie residents of Kolly'a Plains are caksjl great hardships owing to tho scarcity of there. The rainfall during the prist twjaij has been insufficient to fill the sti"J : private damn with anything like an 1 supply. . Tho statement tlmfc police-trooper sugl Skcpper, of Korong Vale, died from Awl cold water while in a heated condition. beyond tho fact?. Although suffering n«-'l severe attack of enteritis ho managed through under nkilful medical treatment. J The Fort Fairy police have nmde captures of illegal nettcra lately. were caught at 3 o'clock one morning: j11®12!! net in the river within tho jiroliibitri I whilst five others were dropped ujwnfw rj docking " salmon in nets within thi s-J boundaries. w J Mrs. Lemra, wife of a well-known Galnnuil, was reaching over ft buggjj J search of n parcel when tho sent tipped ui\F.| cipitating her head foremost on to , ground. At first it was feared that her was broken. , Mr. Nicholson, living out toward tc borne Creek, noticing a little child f .j about the ' legs of a horse, hurried w away.. "While rescuing the child w "lashed out" and struck liiru on the iug a very bad break. . nfy, An escaped lunatic named Margaret . was arrested oil the Avoca road, fibut. of miles out from Ararat. She had no stockings on, and must Lave tiv' $ distance in this manner, as her foot bruised and cut about. rvnctp't The rcgrading works on tho tr» Daylesford line are now nearing unless it be intended to cut dtuyuj. .. near Leonard's Hill and Sailors a "la) out which the work already doae materially depreciated. , . . Mr. George Poole ivas driving f |lJS towards Stratford when Ins '"y u| Two Aiisses Atkins, who wore m (>J« were thrown out with great l0'. Jjiia them was rendered unconseioua t other was badly bruised. j jjffi . The shifting of the Sea- LakHUg ipTnuhvav station to Mr. Wm. Sut- l?®1,'11!.,? ereatod . surprise amongst the »« f neople, who hold- that they, should love had n" opportunity of setting forth yhcir Views 'district traffic superin- tendent at' Flinders-street, is to be trans- :4 1i in Hallarat. and will bo succeeded m ®Tflrnc bv Mr. Sam. Jones, who for nine 4£s has 'discharged- the duties of traffic t$»nt in Marat: g , serious accident occurred at Woolshed %Rt last week. Mr. Mansfield was driving ladies to Weddcrburn. Just after f -ing the flat one or the wheels of the iSng cart ran. into a diggers hole preci- Ji,-s. field and Mr. Mansfield to fte groimd. The lady sustained serious m- d. having one of her cars badly cut and ?jevcral ribs broken, whilst Mr. Mansfield 4eceived injuries to his head and hand. The 'baby also got a nasty shaking, but.,other- tise was uninjured. A lady bicyclist in Kvneton during tbo rrscer.t hot weather was pedaliing along with a jfcualiade over her head, .easily steering the bike i&jth; one hand. Not only did eho travel along ®1U3 on level ground, but even drove uphill i-asainst a strong breeze, without mishap. » Tho mailman with the mails from Wallup to Horsbam had liis horse drop down dead under Slim when about four miles distant from town, "fie had to carry saddle, bridle and heavy mail- -firs into Horsham, a delectable task with the S'fheimometor registering 110 in thoslindo. Jj.Hr. Zebinn Lane, of .West Australia, who i/jj go well known in connection with the '-broken Hill mines and the (Treat Boulder, jjs visiting Bendigo inspecting machinery making arrangements for the supply of -'plant for the mines in West Australia. £5Ir. J- W. Kirton, M.L.A., is laid up with \tn attack of rheumatic fever, and is in a fvciy weak conililion. It is expected, how- jt&er;, that he will make a speedy recovery, ".&(1 will be able to leave for Torquay for !Ch"-nge ot air during the next fortnight. aiJlVarmcKnaheal is boasting of sending a first !da" double seated farmer's buggy to Too- t.wwmba. Queensland is vorv much behind the itimes a3 far U3 regards conch building, and .it is shelter to pay freight on a buggy from Warrack- ; jalieal to Queensland tlian to purchase locally. si lie BMIarnt branch of the Miners' Asso- ' aation. at the half yearly meeting on Satur day night, decided that poisoned or scalded tt in miners did not constitute an "acei- it." and therefore that sufferers there, >'.f£om were not entitled to accident allbw- <ances. 'like continuous silting up of the Warr- nnnbool Iiarbor and the encroachment of s»nd is causing serious apprehension, as at 'low fide it is now possible to walk out along side the sue of the old jetty, whore steamers '.drawing 12 feet of water were once able to 1 .berth. dMlre. James Parker was riding from Orbosl to Club Terrace, and overtaken by a bush fire had f tS- leave her horse on the road and make her zms through the bu3h to Mr. Halyard's liome- s'iigad. She .did not escape a moment too soon. -Uie fire bad lighted her clothes in several- .-J&C0S.; : -|l'r. James Sloan, of Kurting, was driv- ICg out with his wife and daughter oil Fri- iidsy evening, when they were thrown out their buggy. Mr. Sloan sustained a Gtfouen lib, and .Mrs. Sloan a fractured col s-Jar bone. All were much shaken and a bruised. J av sonny, 1 nover know- that wild fowl Sflre to be found so close to Ilcalesville," said jilt jew chum, in a dignified manner, standing on jSJ lor s hi idge. '1 he youngster looked at him a moment, and then seeing the dignified one nous turn away disgusted, 8a ving, "Ugh .tram's frogs." .jiWlien i special cattle -train was being Kb? ii U'c,.Y,ca .riding, one of dhfc Imllocks got his head jammed between tat gate mil the truck. The truck had to . S9,"1".' c'i to release tlie animal, whereupon it rushed at one of the drovers, who fUsi '""st'jf by scrambling uudsr- the tack lie bullock >n ii« rnge'then bolted en the J- z«x it was only with great " vnat it was again yarded. n papers are full of bu3h fires and Se u i ',sf>mour Express" tells that -ill i '"Spring yards snakes aro as Wptiful as the rusbos. A man who comes ffl 1 T"e t0 >'ather big bones of tlie MIocUt at are slaughtered, and saw three i 10 ""nutc-a, avers that he lias uwb in many a rough shop "afore," particu- -ta diu htor yards, but be will arraugo for JfMMinents from tins yard by letter in t' Mr I (lien, of Milawa, was passing tlio Btvo, „ a-tounded to soo a largo black snake .. sucking the sow, along with two little W'u tugged away without a grudge. lie tint II k „ lcaI>cri into the stye so quickly fiarro j T1 ,"'ro" llim viciously and CsaUb|,m "P(!,i ,a-bit0- Ifc "'en got under ia «» ' was driven out and killed. Tho "V" ute unconscious of the dangerous 5taVi non3 thc W0r3 for tho aJ- -"-riiiimr,i',iri'e' a fnrmor ab Tbfce ue i-» " Su"daP from typhoid. <4rch ,,.f, ' f !,e of her children was ffilnm oil' !,lndas water was scarce at hf buei i f!'cr husl;a-n<1 obtained a couple Kffise I tiii. "1 a .sh,re, da") close to the riraitd i ,.!i f J1""8, tl10 water remaining "Ha. l'cl„ ,,„1 t ' Ul;d wis thrown awav. tl i wochildren were attacked 0$ , .v , , ay- 0ne of tha cl.il- Jifir \ . f-Nllectod to recover. "«tlMtCSU? tI,e Geelong hospital ftiif anil " ra(i,0eFal" of tho foot of a an l \\\hs surprised to uotice several iSBlicwas carr vio V 'S",0""108 of tho fact wM11"'" Waa ated bT Dr. ' irrihLaJSbo1 tr?in c»tcred the Pcns- Bheo" !'?- which was Ml of a »iirlUn - i Wlth some other »ut Of tha tiiui"1'0? ? th0 'utter right »<» it perceive? tiio l'- 08 .tbo for it ami % ,f .0T1 8l»® making hutHteaii,n iL, »u a1-' couU1 to run Uf«|er gave the Ei be vlctory. The cow yards ahTl 7p.?tu8 wl,ich 88»t it 8,nd,.t,, , brute had the ?>vcrtakcn it again. r tbe traiu Jf||>Per, thcMnininiiHn'r'111 m:no» Winton i»tributers wen mtn -ill' Er' ail(1,one f some laths whra f!" 'Irive to. Of the lat ha' ni e ground over SF'ng Ciiinpcr Af ih-'ny' .c?ml,l8teiy «was ,-etuVned H mi?uiry,- a ver- Ijentally j-inothorn/? i deceased was iniSr h»by a/nll.f earth, |S:l|ne was attachable ' tn op,nion t,hnt deceased bin, ?2if to n,n>one unless jMlun cxeccdinBlv Jf- ' "" dra"lnP laths ing through some ferns she nearly stepped on a snake, anil on seising a stick to kill it i another snake -sprang at her, striking its fangs into her dress. Jumping hack in alarm Mrs. Kells fell over, a log, breaking her arm. She has gone to tbe Melbourne Hospital for treatment. The Mildura loan expenditure includes outlay on a proposed tramway from the river bank to Nicholi's point, and billabong pumping stations to coat £2000, with a depot on tlie river. The whole of the details will be submitted to the engineer in chief for his approval. At ITildington the grasshoppers attacked the mangels, then ate a Virginia creeper, nnd after wards completely killed an avenue of piiio trees of two years' growth. They are now engaged upon a number of pine ti eos which have boon planted 20 years, sis destructive .as a bush firo in clearing the country. At the burning of tlie Murrungowar Hotel, Snowy River, a horse, some calves, fowls and turkeys perished in the sheets of flame which swept around.. and a dog which took shelter in a copper was burnt to death. of the live stock trotted after the little party to the high ground and were raved. An old maid, named Miss Rippon, 75 years of age, was found dead in her house at Colac. She resided in a room behind the Wesley, m Church. Two persons knocked to get tlie ke.vs, but could not obtain a re sponse. Looking in through a window they saw her in a chair dead. . Mr. John Perkins, better known as Four-! rail Jack, aged 83 years, died at his resi dence, Blakeville, after a residence in. the neighborhood of over 50 years. Before the diggings started his occupation'.- was to travel from station to station hawking necessaries . for station life. Tlie Ilodiioy Irrigation Trust ' is in the unfortunate position of owing .tlie depart-' ment for interest on loan close on £22,000. To raise revenue, tlie trust is urging the Minister of Water Supply to put inliis new bill a clause enabling tho trust 'to make its own valuation of ratable property. Civ, J. Clarke, J. P., president of Grenville shire, whilst working in a hay loft, fell .on to a reaping machine. His collar hone and one of his ribs were broken, and his right arm was badly smashed. Rome years ago Cr. Clarke lost his left hand by. a gun ex- plodingjwhcn he was out shooting. A-soa.of TIr.-JTeorga Eaynor, blacksmith, of PorqnMkali,: ngci-.5 years, was enjoying a partite in the nkslToWNwn tor in the Rockland ittyrsommvardk dCtaipfrom his father. The latfcr hfidmot been fialiing-long when tho child rau-tAhim' fipcf, bompldiiied'that "along thing had hiitn lunl/.' -yHi-i fife ri despaired of. Mjv'JpsOrr, station master at Kyabram, has ligd A ivery. narrow escape from a ter rible deaQi tlirougli -.being jammed between two buffers.-- -Tl e -\vai-- shuiitiiig, and just as lie was passing between two standing trucks a third crashed into them. Ju3t as the buffers were pinning him, two men dragged liirn clear. At Portariington the local fishermen con tend that llicy do not get a fair price for their fish unless it is sold in the market. They have formed themselves into a body- to be called the Portariington Fishermen's Protection Society. It was decided to write and invite the co-operation of all fishermen in the colony. - At a meeting of the Vine Growers' Asso ciation at Rutncrglen tbe resignation of Mr. A. Caughey as a member of the viticulture I board was considered, and a hearty vote' of thanks accorded Mr,' Caughey for' lus -past services. Mr. A."-K. Buckley;- president "of the association, Was nominated for- the va cant scat on the board. J taople are wanting to know why in tho fatal accident to Upward tho guard's van was running' the reverse way, or why tlie train was not pulled up within a distance of 200 yards. If the train had been running in the ordineiJtSay,— the cow catclior of the.engtai' iclght- lfave been of assistance ill -thr'awiiig'tho tricyclo and its oecnpr.iifc clinr-ertho line. -About 7 o'clock on Monday, the daughter of -Mr. Garside, of Neerim South, aged 3 years, wandered away from her home, and though search was made for lier about the place until dark no" trace of her couhl bo found. Later on tlie child was found near Mrs. Mackenzie's place, nearly a mile dis tant, fast asleep lying on a log. A.sliort timo ago the residents of California Gully, Bendigo, were annoyed by a .nocturnal visitor, who, made up as a " ghost." frightened holpless womea and children. Another "ghost" has now made its appearance near the Hustler's Reef dnm. Tho explanation ib offered that it may bo a bather, who, fearing discovery, chooses night time for his refreshing bath. A littlo boy named Georgo Macdonald was walking along quietly opposite the Healesville- police station, says tho " Courier," when a fine black dog walked quietly up behind him and withoutaiiv any warning made a vicious into in his leg, inflicting a nasty wound. Tlie dog had been teased by various boys when on the chain, and it took the first opportunity to revenge itself. The smoke and fog were bo thick on tho Gippsland lakes, during the bush fires, that |no land could be soon, and after vainly endeavoring for a couple of hours to find tho channol, during which time an excur sion steamer several times stuck in the sand, the attempt to reach the beach was abandoned, and tho excursionists were landed at 1'aynes- ville. Mr. Rutland, an orcbardist at Warncoort, was mixing up poison to destroy locusts, which lmve invaded his orchard, when a fire stained on the homestead and he went away to attend to it. Afterwards he re turned homewards, forgetting about the poison, nnd six liorscR partook of it. Four have died, and two more are likely to die from its effects. Tho Ararat girls wero very anxious to worship at tho shrinaof Ranjitsinhji. As lie did not show at tho station, one or two maidens, moro venturesome than tho rest, ascended tho plat form of tho carriage with a view of feasting their oves on tho princely form through the carriage doorway, but they wero quickly repulsed by a kiss bestowed ou ono of them by a burly member of thc eleven. Tho body of a Hindoo, who had died in the Moroopna Hospital from consumption, was cre mated by sevoral of his countryman ou the hank of tho Goulburn, near tho Sliepparton Ccmotery on Wednesday. Thc coffin contain- taining the remainB was placed on a" heap of firewood saturated with kerosene and set firo to, nothing being left of the romains but a few bones charred to powder and the teeth. In tho Nhill district were two half time sohools, and tho attendance nt each was so small that thc Minister determined . that one should bo closed up. While the wrangle was going on as to which ahould be chosen; the cyclono iMissed by, and took one of the schools part of tho way with it. The one left standing will be kept open. In this way, observes the Nbill " Times,' lias tho difficulty been solved. 