THE GHOST TOUCH. A CHRISTMAS STORY. BY FERGUS HUME, Author of "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," "The Third Volume," "The Lone Inn," "For the Defence," &.c., &c.; I shall never forget the terrible Christ- mas I spent at Layrock Grange in the year '93. As an army doctor I have met with some adventures in far lands, and have seen some gruesome sights in the little wars winch are constantly being waged on the frontiers of our Empire; but it was re- served for an old country house in Hants to be the scene of the most noteworthy episode in my life. The experience was a painful one, and I hope it may never be repeated; but indeed so ghastly an event is not likely to occur again. If my story reads more like fiction than fact, I can only quote the well-worn saying of the latter being stranger than the former. Many a time in my wandering life have I proved the truth of this proverb. The whole affair rose out of the invita- tion which Frank Ringan sent me to spend Christmas with himself and his cousin Percy at the family seat near Christchurch. At the time I was home on leave from India; and some time after my arrival I chanced to meet with Percy Ringan in Pic- cadilly. He was an Australian with whom I had been intimate some years before in Melbourne; a dapper little man, with sleek fair hair and a transparent complexion; looking as fragile as a Dresden china image, yet with plenty of pluck and spirits. He suffered front heart disease, and was liable to faint on occasions; yet he fought against his mortal weakness with silent courage, and with certain precautions against over-excitement, managed to enjoy life fairly well. Notwithstanding his pronounced effemi- nacy, and somewhat truckling subser- viency to rank and high birth, I liked the little man very well for his many good qualities. On the present occasion I was glad to see him, and expressed my plea- sure. "Although I did not expect to see you in England," said I, after the first greetings had passed. "I have been in London these nine months, my dear Lascelles," he said, in his usual mincing way, "partly by way of a change, and partly to see my cousin Frank, who, indeed, invited me to come over from Australia." "Is that the rich cousin you were always speaking about in Melbourne?" "Yes. But Frank is not rich. I am the wealthy Ringan, but he is the head of the family. You see, doctor," continued Percy, taking my arm and pursuing the subject in a conversational manner, "my father, being a younger son, emigrated to Melbourne in the gold-digging days, and made his for- tune out there. His brother remained at home on the estates, with very little money to keep up the dignity of the family; so my father helped the head of his house from time to time. Five years ago both my uncle and father died, leaving Frank and me as heirs, the one to the family estate, the other to the Australian wealth. So—." "So you assist your cousin to keep up the dignity of the family as your father did before you." "Well, yes, I do," admitted Percy frankly. "You see, we Ringans think a great deal of our birth and position. So much so, that we have made our wills in one another's favour." "How do you mean?" "Well, if I die Frank inherits my money; and if he dies, I become heir to the Ringan estates. It seems strange that I should tell you all this, Lascelles; but you were so intimate with me in the old days that you can understand my apparent rashness." I could not forbear a chuckle at the reason assigned by Percy for his confidence, especially as it was such a weak one. The little man had a tongue like a town crier, and could no more keep his private affairs to himself than a woman could keep a secret. Besides, I saw very well that with his inherent snobbishness he desired to im- press me with the position and antiquity of his family, and with the fact—undoub- tedly true—that it ranked high among the landed gentry of the kingdom. However, the weakness, though in bad taste, was harmless enough, and I had no scorn for the confession of it. Still, I felt a trifle bored, as I took little interest in the chronicling of such small beer, and shortly parted from Percy after promising to dine with him the following week. At this dinner, which took place at the Athenian Club, I met with the head of the Ringan family; or, to put it plainer, with Percy's cousin Frank. Like the Aus- tralian he was small and neat, but enjoyed much better health and lacked the effemi- nacy of the other. Yet on the whole I liked Percy the best, as there was a sly cast about Frank's countenance which I did not relish; and he patronised his colonial cousin in rather an offensive manner. The latter looked up to his English kins- man with all deference, and would, I am sure, have willingly given his gold to regild the somewhat tarnished escutcheon of the Ringans. Outwardly, the two cousins were so alike as to remind one of Tweedledum and Tweedledee; but after due considera- tion I decided that Percy was the better natured and more honourable of the two. For some reason Frank Ringan seemed desirious of cultivating my acquaintance; and in one way and another I saw a good deal of him during my stay in London. Finally, when I was departing on a visit to some relatives in Norfolk, he invited me to spend Christmas at Ringshaw Grange— not, as it afterwards appeared, without an ulterior motive. "I can take no refusal," said he, with a heartiness which sat ill on him. "Percy, as an old friend of yours, has set his heart on my having you down: and—if I may say so—I have set my heart on the same thing." "Oh, you really must come, Lascelles, cried Percy, eagerly. "We are going to keep Christmas in the real old English fashion. Washington Irving's style, you know—holly, wassail bowls, games, and mistletoe." "And perhaps a ghost or so," finished Frank, laughing, yet with a side glance at his eager little cousin. "Ah!" said I. "So your Grange is haunted?" "I should think so," said Percy, before his cousin could speak, "and with a good old Queen Anne ghost. Come down, Doctor, and Frank shall put you in the haunted chamber." "No!" cried Frank, with a sharpness which rather surprised, me, "I'll put no one in the Blueroom; the consequences might be fatal. You smile, Lascelles; but I assure you our ghost has been proved to exist!" "That's a paradox, A ghost can't exist. But the story of your ghost—" "It's too long to tell now," said Frank, laughing. "Come down to the Grange and you'll hear it." "Very good," I replied, rather attracted by the idea of a haunted house, "you can count on. me for Christmas. But I warn you, Ringan, that I don't believe in spirits. Ghosts went out with gas." "Then they must have come in again with electric light," retorted Frank Ringan, "for Lady Joan undoubtedly haunts the Grange. I don't mind, as it adds distinction to the house." "All old families have a ghost," said Percy, importantly. "It is very natural when one has ancestors." There was no more said on the subject for the time being, but the upshot of this conversation was that I presented myself at Ringshaw Grange two or three days before Christmas. To speak the truth, I came more on Percy's account than my own, as I knew the little man suffered from heart disease, and a sudden shock might prove fatal. If, in the unhealthy atmosphere of an old house, the inmates got talking of ghosts and goblins, it might be that the consequences would be dangerous to so highly strung and delicate a man as Percy Ringan. For this reason, joined to a sneaking de- sire to see the ghost myself, I came down to stay at Ringshaw Grange. In one way I regretted having done so, yet in another I regard it as providential that I was on the spot. Had I been absent, the catastrophe might have been greater, although it could scarcely have been more terrible. Ringshaw Grange was a quaint Elizabe- than house, all gables and diamond case- ments, and oriel windows, and quaint ter- races, looking like an illustration out of an I sprang up with a cry on recognising who it was: "Frank Ringan." old Christmas number. It was embowered in a large park, the trees of which came up almost to the doors, and when I saw it first in the moonlight—for it was by a late train that I came from London—it struck me as the very place for a ghost. Here was a haunted house of the right quality, if ever there was one, and I only hoped when I crossed the threshold that the ghost of Lady Joan would be worthy of its, or her, environments. In such an interesting house I did not think to pass a dull Christmas; but—God help me—I did not anticipate so tragic a Yuletide as I spent. As our host was a bachelor and had no female relative to do the honours of his house, the guests were all of the masculine gender. It is true that there was a house- keeper—a distant cousin I understood—who was rather elderly, but very juvenile as to dress and manner. She went by the name of Miss Laura, but no one saw much of her, as, otherwise than attending to her duties, she remained mostly in her own rooms. So our party was composed of young men—none save myself being over the age of thirty, and none being gifted with much intelligence. The talk was mostly of sport, of horseracing, big game shooting, and yacht sailing; so that I grew tired at times of these subjects and retired to the library to read and write. The day after I ar- rived Frank showed me over the house. It was a wonderful old barrack of a place, with broad passages twisting interminably with the labyrinth of Daedales, small bed- rooms furnished in an old-fashioned man- ner, and vast reception apartments with polished floors and painted ceilings. Also there were the customary number of family portraits frowning from the walls, suits of tarnished armour, and ancient tapestries embroidered with grim and ghastly legends of the past. The old house was crammed with trea- sures, rare enough to drive an antiquarian crazy, and filled with the flotsam and jet- sam of past centuries, all mellowed by time into one soft hue, which put them all in keeping with one another. I must say that I was charmed with Ringshaw Grange, and no longer wondered at the pride taken by Percy Ringan in his family and their past glories. "That's all very well," said Frank, to whom I remarked as much; "Percy is rich, and had he this place could keep it up in proper style; but I am as poor as a rat, and unless I can make a rich marriage, or come in for a comfortable legacy, house and furniture, park and timber may all come to the hammer." He looked gloomy as he spoke, and feel- ing that I had touched on a somewhat deli- cate matter, I hastened to change the sub- ject, by asking to be shown the famous Blue Chamber, which was said to be haunted. This was the true Mecca of my pilgrimage into Hants. "It is along this passage," said Frank, leading the way, "and not very far from your own quarters. There is nothing in it looks likely to hint at the ghost—at all events by day—but it is haunted for all that." Thus speaking he led me into a large room with a low ceiling, and a broad case- ment looking out on to the untrimmed park, where the woodland was most sylvan. The walls were hung with blue cloth em- broidered with grotesque figures in black braid or thread, I know not which. There was a large old- fashioned bed with tester and figured curtains, and a quantity of cumbersome furniture of the early Geor- gian epoch. Not having been inhabited for many years the room had a desolate and silent look—if one may use such an expression—and to mind looked gruesome enough to conjure up a battalion of ghosts, let alone one. "I don't agree with you!" said I, in reply to my host's remark. "To my mind this is the very model of a haunted chamber. What is the legend?" "I'll tell it to you on Christmas Eve," replied Ringan, as we left the room. "It is rather a blood-curdling tale." "Do you believe it?" said I, struck by the solemn air of the speaker. "I have had evidence to make me credu- lous," he replied, dryly, and closed the sub- ject for the time being. It was renewed on Christmas Eve, when all our company were gathered round a huge wood fire in the library. Outside, the snow lay thick on the ground, and the gaunt trees stood up black and leafless out of the white expanse. The sky was of a frosty blue with sharply-twinkling stars, and a hard-looking moon. On the snow the shadows of interlacing boughs were traced blackly as in Indian ink, and the cold was of Arctic severity. But seated in the holly-decked apartment before a noble fire which roared bravely up the wide chimney we cared nothing for the frozen world out of doors. We laughed and talked, sang songs and recalled adven- tures, until somewhere about ten o'clock we fell into a ghostly vein quite in keeping with the goblin-haunted season. It was then that Frank Ringan was called upon to chill our blood with his local legend. This he did without much pressing. "In the reign of good Queen Anne," said he, with a gravity befitting the subject, "mv ancestor, Hugh Ringan, was the owner of this house. He was a silent misan- thropic man, having been soured early in life by the treachery of a woman. Mis- trusting the sex, he refused to marry for many years; and it was not until he was fifty years of age that he was beguiled by the arts of a pretty girl into the toils of matrimony. The lady was Joan Challoner, the daughter of the Earl of Branscourt, and she was esteemed one of the beauties of Queen Anne's Court. "It was in London that Hugh met her, and thinking from her innocent, and child- like appearance that she would make him a true-hearted wife, he married her after a six months' courtship, and brought her with all honour to Ringshaw Grange. After his marriage he became more cheerful and less distrustful of his fellow- creatures. Lady Joan was all to him that a wife could be, and seemed devoted to her husband and child—for she early became a mother—when one Christmas Eve all this happiness came to an end." "Oh," said I, rather cynically. "So Lady Joan proved to be no better than the rest of her sex." "So Hugh Ringan thought, Doctor; but he was as mistaken as you are. Lady Joan occupied the Blue Room, which I showed you the other day; and on Christ- mas Eve, when riding home late, Hugh saw a man descend from the window. Thun- derstruck by the sight, he galloped after the man and caught him before he could mount a horse which was waiting for him. The cavalier was a handsome young fellow of twenty-five, who refused to answer Hugh's questions. Thinking, naturally enough, that he had to do with a lover of his wife's, Hugh fought a duel with the stranger, and killed him after a hard fight. ''Leaving him dead on the snow he rode back to the Grange, and burst in on his wife to accuse her of perfidy. It was in vain that Lady Joan tried to defend her- self by stating that the visitor was her brother, who was engaged in plots for the restoration of James II., and on that ac- count wished to keep secret the fact of his presence in England. Hugh did not be- lieve her, and told her plainly that he had killed her lover; whereupon Lady Joan burst out into it volley of reproaches, and cursed her husband. Furious at what he deemed was her boldness, Hugh at first attempted to kill her, but not thinking the punishment sufficient, he cut off her right hand." "Why?" asked every one, quite unpre- pared for this information. "Because in the first place Lady Joan was very proud of her beautiful white hands, and in the second Hugh had seen the stranger kiss her hand—her right hand —before he descended from the window. For these reasons he mutilated her thus ter- ribly." "And did she die?" "Yes, a week after her hand was cut off. And she swore that she would come back to touch all those in the Blue Room—that is, who slept in it—who were foredoomed to death. She kept her promise, for many people who have slept in that fatal room have been touched by the dead hand of Lady Joan, and have subsequently died." "Did Hugh find out that his wife was innocent?" "He did," replied Ringan, "and within a month after her death. The stranger was really her brother, plotting for James II., as she had stated. Hugh was not punished by man for his crime, but within a year he slept in the Blue Chamber, and was found dead next morning with the mark of three fingers on his right wrist. It was thought that in his remorse he had courted death by sleeping in the room cursed by his wife." "And there, was a mark on him?" "On his right wrist a red mark like a burn; the impression of three fingers. Since that time the room has been haunted." "Does every one who sleeps in it die?" I asked. "No. Many people have risen well and hearty in the morning. Only those who are doomed to an early death are thus touched." "When did the last case occur?" '"Three years ago," was Frank's unex- pected reply. '"A friend of mine called Herbert Spence would sleep in that room. He saw the ghost and was touched. He showed me the marks next morning—three red finger marks. "Did the omen hold good?" "Yes. Spence died three months after- wards. He was thrown from his horse." I was about to put further questions in a sceptical vein, when we heard shouts out- side, and we all sprang to our feet as the door was thrown open to admit Miss :aura in a state bf excitement. "Fire fire!" she cried, almost distracted. "Oh! Mr. Ringan," addressing herself to Percy, "your room is on fire! I—." We waited to hear no more, but in a body wished up to Percy's room. Volumes of smoke were rolling out of the door, and flames were flashing within. Frank Rin- gan, however, was prompt and smart. He had the alarm bell rang, called in the ser- vants, groom, and stable hands, and in twenty minutes the fire was extinguished. On asking how the fire had started, Miss Laura, with much hysterical sobbing, stated that she had gone into Percy's room to see that all was ready and comfortable for the night. Unfortunately the wind blew one of the bed-curtains towards the candle she was carrying, and in a moment the room was in a blaze. After pacifying Miss Laura, who could not help the accident, Frank turned to his cousin. By this time we were back again in the library. "My dear fellow," he said, "your room is swimming in water, and is charred with fire. I'm afraid you can't stayt there to- night; but I don't know where to put you unless you take the Blue Room." "The Blue Room1!" we all cried. "What! the haunted chamber?" ''Yes; all the other rooms are full. Still, if Percy is afraid—" "Afraid!" cried Percy, indignantly. "I'm not afraid at all. I'll sleep in the Blue Room with the greatest of pleasure." "But the ghost—" "I don't care for the ghost," interrupted the Australian, with a nervous laugh. "We have no ghosts in our part of the world; and, as I have not seen one, I do not believce there is such a thing." We all tried to dissuade him from sleep- ing in the haunted room, and several of us offered to give up our apartments for the night—Frank among the number. But Percy's dignity was touched, and he was resolute to keep his word. He had plenty of pluck, as I said before, and the fancy that we might think him a coward spurred him on to resist our entreaties. The end of it was that shortly before mid- night he went off to the Blue Room, and de- clared his intention of sleeping in it. There was nothing more to be said in the face of such obstinacy, so one by one we all retired, quite unaware of the events to happen be- fore the morning. So on that Christmas Eve the Blue Room had an unexpected tenant. On going to my bedroom I could not sleep. The tale told by Frank Ringan haunted my fancy, and the idea of Percy sleeping in that ill-omened room made me nervous. I did not believe in ghosts my- self, nor, so far as I knew, did Percy; but the little man suffered from heart disease— he was strung up to a high nervous pitch by our ghost stories—and if anything out of the common—even from natural causes— happened in that room, the shock might be fatal to its occupant. I knew well enough that Percy, out of pride, would refuse to give up the room, yet I was determined that he should not sleep in it; so, failing persuasion I took to stratagem. I had my medical chest with me, and, taking it from my portmanteau, I prepared a powerful narcotic. I left this on the table and went along to the Blue Room, which, as I have said before, was not very far from mine. A knock brought Percy to the door clothed in pyjamas, and at a glance I could see that the ghostly atmosphere of the place was already telling on his nerves. He looked pale and disturbed, but his mouth was firmly sell with an obstinate expression likely to resist my intention. However, out of diplomacy, I made none, but blandly stated my errand, with more roughness, indeed, than was necessary. "Come to my room, Percy," I said, when he appeared, "and let me give you some- thing to calm your nerves." "I am not afraid!" he said, defiantly. "Who said you were?" I rejoined, tartly. "You believe in ghosts no more than I do, so why should you be afraid? But after the alarm of fire your nerves are upset, and I want to give you something to put them right. Otherwise you'll get no sleep." "I shouldn't mind a composing draught, certainly," said the little man. "Have you it here?" "No, it's in my room, a few yards off. Come along." Quite deluded by my speech and manner, Percy followed me into my bedroom, and obe- diently enough took off the medicine. Then I made him sit down in a comfortable arm- chair, on the plea that he must not walk immediately after the draught. The result of my experiment was justified, for in less than ten minutes the poor little man was fast asleep under the influence of the nar- cotic. When thus helpless, I placed him on my bed, quite satisfied that he would not awaken until late the next day. My "Oh, Mr. Ringan," she cried, almost distracted, "your room is on fire!" task accomplished, I extinguished the light, and went off myself to the Blue Room, in- tending to remain there the night. It may be asked why I did so, as I could easily have taken my rest on the sofa in my own room; but the fact is, I was curi- ous to sleep in a haunted chamber. I did not believe in ghosts, as I had never seen one, but as there was a chance of meet- ing with an authentic explanation I did not wish to lose the opportunity. Therefore when I saw that Percy was safe for the night, I took up my quarters in the ghostly territory, with much curio- sity, but, as I can safely aver—no fear. All the same, in case of practical jokes on the part of the feathered headed young men in the house, I took my army revolver with me. Thus prepared, I locked the door of the Blue Room and slipped into bed, leaving the light burning. The revolver I kept under my pillow ready to my hand in case of necessity. "Now," said I grimly, as I made myself comfortable, "I'm ready for ghosts, or gob- lins, or practical jokers." I lay awake for a long time, staring at the queer figures in the blue draperies of the apartment. In the pale flame of the candle they look ghostly enough to disturb the nerves of any one; and when the draught fluttered the tapestries the figures seemed to move as though alive. For this sight alone I was glad that Percy had not slept in that room. I could fancy the poor man lying in that vast bed with blanched face and beating heart, listening to every creak, and watching the fantastic embroideries waving on the walls. Brave as he was, I am sure the sounds and sights of that room would have shaken his nerves. I did not feel very comfortable myself, sceptic as I was. When the candle had burned down pretty low, I fell asleep. How long I slumbered I know not; but I woke up with the im- pression that something or some one was in the room. The candle had wasted nearly to the socket, and the flame was flickering and leaping fitfully, so as to dis- play the room one moment and }eave it almost in darkness the next. I heard a soft step crossing the room, and as it drew near a sudden spurt of flame from the candle showed me a little woman standing by the side of the bed. She was dressed in a gown of flowering brocade, and wore the towering head-dress of the Queen Anne epoch. Her face I could scarcely see, as the flash of flame was only momentary; but I felt what the Scotch call a deadly grave as I realized that this was the veri- table phantom of Lady Joan. For the moment the natural dread of the supernatural quite overpowered me, and with my hands and arms lying outside the counterpane I rested inert and chilled with fear. This sensation of helplessness in the presence of evil, was like what one expe- riences in a nightmare of the worst kind. When again the flames of the expiring candle shot up I saw that the ghost was close at hand, and, as it seemed to me, was bending over me. A faint odour of musk was in the air, and I heard the soft rustle of the brocaded skirts echo though the semi-darkness. The next moment I felt my right wrist gripped in a burning grasp, and the sudden pain roused my nerves from their paralysis. With a yell I rolled over away from the ghost, wrenching my wrist from that hor- rible clasp, and, almost mad with pain, I groped with my left hand for the revolver. As I seized it the candle flared up for the last time, and I saw the ghost gliding back towards the tapestries. In a flash I raised the revolver and fired. The next moment there was a wild cry of terror and agony, the fall of a heavy body on the floor, and almost before I knew where I was I found myself outside the door of the haunted room. To attract attention I fired another shot from my revolver, while the Thing on the floor moaned in the darkness most hor- ribly. In a few moments guests and servants, all in various stages of undress, came rush- ing along the passage bearing lights. A babel of voices arose, and I managed to babble some incoherent explanation, and led the way into the room. There, on the floor, lay the ghost, and we lowered the candles to look at its face. I sprang up with a cry on recognising who it was "Frank Ringan!" It was inched Frank Ringan disguised as a woman, in wig and brocades. He looked at me with a ghostly face, his mouth work- ing nervously. With an effort he raised himself on his hands and tried to say some- thing—whether in confession or exculpa- tion, 1 know not. But the attempt was too much for him, a choking cry escaped his lips, a jet of blood burst from his mouth, and he fell back dead. Over the rest of the events of that ter- rible night I draw the veil. There are some things it is as well not to speak of. Only I may state that all through the horror and confusion Percy Ringan, thanks to my strong sleeping draught, slumbered as peacefully as a child, thereby saving his life. With the morning's light came dis- coveries and explanations. We found one of the panels behind the tapestry of the Blue Room open, and it gave admittance into a passage, which on examination, proved to lead into Frak Ringan's bedroom. On the floor we discovered a delicate hand wrought in steel, and which bore marks of having been in the fire. On my right wrist were three distinct burns, which I have no hesitation in declaring were caused by the mechanical hand which we picked up near the dead man. And the explana- tion of these things came from Miss Laura, who was wild with terror at the death of her master, and said in her first outburst of grief and fear what I am sure she re- gretted in her calmer moments. "It's all Frank's fault," she wept. "He was poor and wanted to be rich. He got Percy to make his will in his favour, and wanted to kill him by a shock. He knew that Percy had heart disease and that a shock might kill him, so I contrived to have him sleep in the Blue Room on Christmas Eve, and played the ghost of Lady Joan with the burning hand. It was a steel hand, which he heated in his own room so as to know those it touched." "Whose idea was this?" I asked, hor- rified by the devilish ingenuity of the scheme. "Frank's!" said Miss Laura again. "He promised to marry me if I helped him to get the money by Percy's death. He found that there was a secret passage leading to the Blue Room, so we initiated the story that it was haunted some years ago." "Why, in God's name?" "Because Frank was always poor. He knew that his cousin in Australia had heart disease, and invited him home to kill him with fright. To make things safe he was always talking about the haunted room, and telling the story so that everything should he ready for Percy on his arrival. Our plans were all carried out. Percy ar- rived and Frank got him to make the will in his favour. Then he was told the story of Lady Joan and her hand, and by setting fire to Percy's room last night I got him to sleep in the Blue Chamber without any sus- picion being aroused." "You wicked woman!" I cried. "Did you fire Percy's room on purpose?" "Yes. Frank promised to many me if I helped him. We had to get Percy to sleep in the Blue Chamber, and I managed it by setting fire to his bedroom. He would have died with fright when Frank, as Lady Joan, touched him with the steel hand, and no one would have been the wiser. Your sleeping in that haunted room saved Percy's life, Dr. Lascelles; yet Frank in- vited you down as part of his scheme, to make the death seem natural." "Was it Frank who burnt the wrist of Herbert Spence some years ago?" I asked. "Yes," replied Miss Laura, wiping her red eyes. "We thought if the ghost ap- peared to a few other people, that Percy's death might have seemed natural. It was a mere coincidence that Mr. Spence died three months after the ghost touched him." "Do you know you are a very wicked woman, Miss Laura?" "I am a very unhappy one," she retorted. "I have lost the only man I ever loved; and his miserable cousin survives to step into his shoes as the master of Ringshaw Grange." That was the sole conversation I had with the wretched woman, for shortly afterwards she disappeared, and I fancy must have gone abroad, as she was never more heard of. At the inquest held on the body of Frank the whole strange, story came out, and was reported at full length by the Lon- don Press to this dismay of ghost-seers—for the fame of Ringshaw Grange as a haunted mansion had been great in the land. I was afraid lest the Jury should bring in a verdict of manslaughter against me, but the peculiar features of the case being taken into consideration I was acquitted of blame, and shortly afterwards returned to India with an unblemished character. Percy Ringan was terribly distressed on hearing of his cousin's death, and shocked by the discovery of his treachery. However, he was consoled by becoming the head of the family, and as he lives a quiet life at Ringshaw Grange there is not much chance of his early death from heart disease—at all events, from a ghostly point of view. The Blue Chamber is now shut up, for it is haunted now by a worse spectre than that of Lady Joan, whose legend, purely fictitious, was so ingeniously set forth by Frank. It is haunted by the ghost of the cold-blooded scoundrel who fell into his own trap, and who met with his death in the very moment he was contriving that of another man. As to myself, I have given up ghost-hunting and sleeping in haunted rooms. Nothing will ever tempt me to experiment that way again. One lesson such as I had is enough to last me a life- time. 