THE SECOND " REFORMA- TION." There is a Protestant Reformation of the nineteenth as well as the sixteenth century, and the second movement is in a direction directly opposite to that of the first The earlier movement was an exodus, the later is homewards, the one having been from Rome, the other being towards Rome. The return journey has already been made almost up to the point of departure by some of the brightest lights and purest souls among the wanderers in the desert. They are already very close to the threshold of their Father's house, where the wannest welcome awaits 4lio.se who return to it; but, . unfortunately, most of them decline to t ike the final and decisive step. Many have had the courage and the grace to do so, but the vast majority of those who have cut themselves off from Protestantism of the old type rest under the delusion that the 19th century Reformation has carried them as far as they should,go. How far that is we may partly learn from our respected contemporary, the " Mitre," which is the organ of the High Church party in this colony. In its issue of 1st July that journal cites sixteen of the more important points " in which Protestants err from the Catholic doctrine about the Church," these, it is added, being sufficient to show " that to join their ranks (that is, of Protestants) means to loso the higher unity of the one Holy Catholic Church." To the very questionable claims assumed in our quotations we shall say nothing, as our object is not controversial; we merely desire to place within the reach of our readers information that will enable them to form a right conception of the distracted condition into which Protestantism has fallen, and, at the same time, enlighten them as to the near approach to a full profession of Catholic doctrine which has been made by a section of Anglican churchmen. As bearing on the latter point we shall quote a few of the reasons given by the " Mitre" why the party whom it represents are unwilling to be identified with Protestants of the old type, and why also it is impossible any union between the two parties could take place:— 2\. The Church of England states that the Church is founded by Christ, and therefore it is a Divine society. Protestants say that churches can bo founded by men whose names tl tbey beft ag Calvinjst:i Luttieran> ^ Tes- ^ ^ and thus ti^y are human socle tie^/yiiid may be as numerous as reli- .gioufi 4eaders. ^ 3. The Church teaches that Christ has one flock, aud that unity is to result from his other sheep beiutj brought,into it (Good Friday Collect). Protestants seek for unity only in an agreemept to differ, and a federation of different flocks. 4\. The Church treats the Reformation of the sixteenth century as a cleansing of the Church "already in existence (Prefaces to Prayer-Book and elsewhere.!. Protestants consider that it involved tlie foundation of new " Churches." 5\. The Church teaches that there have always been : la the Church bishops, priests, and deacons, and these are to be continued (Preface to Ordinal). Protestante say that Episcopacy was not instituted by the Apostles, and generally tliat it does not matter whether these Orders of the ministry are continued or not. 6\. The Church teaches that priests are necessary in the Church of Christ, and that "the people ought to esteem them in their office" (Rubric to the Ordering of Priests). , Protestants say that there can 'be ni> priests in tlia Gfiurch.'nnd that priewe are to bo considered antl-Chrlstian/v B. The ClViircii claims the right to define doctrices. aiui tio esoQiuid Scripture. being herself iJtoj^Klgp /decree nothing which shall 'beglggpnslstent with other ffl^i^^^raation (Articles vj. • aid •iS^l* %ijtestante tcacliiliat lite own -interpreter.of the Bible, . _ .. 1). The Church calls her priests ministers equally of the "Word and Sacraments " (Prayer-Book). Protestant ministers look upon preaching as of far greater importance than the administration of Sacraments. 10\. Entrance into the Church is by baptism. Entrance into a Pro test a lit sect is by ticket. 11\. The Church says that, on baptism, infants are made " members of Christ," are " regenerate," ate " born again," are adopted to be God's children, are brought into a state of salvation (Baptism Service nnd Catechism. Protestants teach that these blessings are the result of " conversion." or the individual acceptance of Christ by those who have reached years of discretion. 12\. While all teach that "by grace we are saved through faith," the Church ' teaches that the menus of grace are especially the Sacraments, in which the human action is manifestly weak and ineffectual, aiid tiod's working is everything. Thus she is consistent wiih her own doctrine of salvation by God's grace (Article xxv. and Catechism). Protestants most inconsistently make the chief means of grace preaching, in which the human element is greater than in any other means whatever. 13\. The Church tenches that the remembrance of the sacrifice of the Death of Christ is made in the Holy Eucharist before God. as an act of worship and thanksgiving, and to obtain from Him the benefits of that sacrifice. This is shown by the fact that every mention of Christ's sacrifice in the service, save one incidental quotation, is made in prayer addressed to God. Protestants deny any memorial sacrifice, and in their " Communion " only try to put man in mind of Christ's Death. 14\. The Church teaches that " the Body and Blood of Christ are verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful" in the Holy Communion (Catechism). Protestants deny the real Presence of Christ in the Sacrament. 13\. The Church teaches that Confirmation is to be obtained as a layingon of the Bishop's hands " after the example of the Holy Apostles," i.e., for the purpose of conferring the gift of the Holy Ghost (Confirmation Service.) Protestants reject Confirmation. 1(3. The Church professes to commit , to her priests the power to be the means of conveying God's forgiveness to men (Ordination Service). Protestants deny that there is any special means of obtaining God's forgiveness after Baptism. The reasons which, owing to space considerations, we are obliged to omit are hardly of less importance than those we have copied. We have, however, given a sufficient number to show how closely the teaching of certain Protestant clergymen in this colony, who nominally remain within the Anglican Church, approximates to Catholic doctrine. We obtain a more comprehensive and clearer view of the point, reached on the Romeward march by referring to a recent charge of the Bishop of Sodor and Man to the clergy at the recent Manx convocation. His Lordship Raid :— You can hardly take up a newspaper without reading announcements of High Mass and Requiem Mass in the English Church. What is more, svste- " matic and habitual confession ; is* undoubtedly practised. Candidates'¥ov'/ confirmation are refused presentation to the Bishop if they decline to go to confession. Non-communicating attendance is encouraged. The consecrated elements are reserved, and one plea which is alleged for this practice is this, that: unless the Elements are reserved the clergyman may be called upon to receive communion with the sick at a time when he is not fasting. Children's Eucharists are celebrated, in which the celebrant is the only recipient. Services are held for the veneration of the Cros and oilier reliques. Collects are used with invocations of the Virgin Mary and other saints. Incense, sprinkling with holy water, and other superstitious practices are introduced, insomuch that the head of the Roman Catholic Church in England declares that Romish doctrine is being taught from a thousand English pulpits, and Roman Cathoiics write to the public prints statiug that It Is almost Impossible to discern the difference between the services of tlioir own Church and the services held in some of ours. JSLis C«or(Jship deplores this practical abjujfetion of the sixteenth CBlitury Protestantism. Inferring to the wide departure from it/he says:—" I consider such proceedings m IJiave referred to not only to be contrary to God's Word, but also superstitious, idolatrous, and absolutely inconsistent with the maintenance of the National Church as such. I am persuaded that this lawlessness and disloyalty are eating the very life out of the Establishment." The " London Chronicle/' alluding to the "lawlessness and disloyalty'' which are so great an offence to the Bishop of Sodor and Man, says that Mass is once more being celebrated all over England in Anglican churches, &nd; the " Times/' discussing the crisis, remarks that the Bishops should act, instead of facing it " with inactivity qualified by epigrams." The Bishops are not, however, inclined to do any such thing. In May the Primate and twenty-one other prelates discussed the matter in convocation, and they separated without coming to any resolution, for instead of being of one mind they were of many minds. From all these things it is obvious that the Church of England is gradually melting away under the influence of the nineteenth century Reformation. As a Protestant body it is rapidly losing its numerical, official, and moral influence. The boldest and the hast impressionable Protestant sects will soon acquire'in England and the British colonies generally the dominance they have long exercised in Wales and in Scotland. There are reasons which we might assign for regretting this prospective change, but there are considerations which far outweigh them. Out of the Church of England have come a majority of those who have already joined the march Romewards. It is to that body we must, we think, chiefly look for. recruits in the future. In their .primitive condition they wei-e not so widely divided from us as the Dissenters, and that being the case, it is only reasonable to anticipate that they will in larger numbers return to the True Faith. It may be hoped that in time to come the reformation that has now set in in the Anglican body will work its way downwards, but we must expect in the meantime that those travelling out of the desert will meet with many obstacles and trials, and that in the Protestant world generally there will be a great war of the elements, and a bitter struggle to turn back the tide that has set in Romewards. 