COMPIiETE STORY. [PUBLISHED BY srECUL ABItAS'GEirSNT.] IN THE CHRISTMAS MOONLIGHT, IZA DUFFUS HARDY, Author of "The Romance of (ho Rear Car," " Lake Mary Rose,'" <tc., &c.; [COPYBIOIIT.J Wta HO wonld erer fUnk it Christmas Eve?'* said Helen Dal r y in p 1 e, swaying with Sul tanesque languor and luxury in lier rock ing chair ontheeouth piazza, looking at the orange trees bend ing beneath their burthen of ruddy-ripe golden fruit, the tall slim pines, the graceful yellow pines" of the. south, their feathery crowns of foliage traced in delicate pencilling against the burning a^ure of a tky almost too vivid in its light and colour. It was only the hour after early breakfast, yet the sun beams already poured in a .broad level blaze on the piazza, and danced in a dnzzlo of dia monds on the lake, that was as pure a blue as the shining sky. It was as fair & scene as the eye could ! desire, yet Helen spoke with a sort of in voluntary rigb. '•who'would ever think it was Christmas Eve ?" "Isn't it lovely ?" said her sister Mary, with smiling content. Sweet Mary Weston, happily married and settled m this fair Florida home, had ceased to eigh for her native land. '•Yes, it's lovely, if only one didn't see so much of it! But what I should like' to see now would be froat and snow or even a good thick yellow London fog !" ' "I'm afraid even John could not oblige you with that here, tboagh I think be is,not very far behind the French kiug (which one was it ?) who had the ground covered with salt when the, lady of his heart conceived a perverse' desire to go sleighing in summer." John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's not ^nWnnntliRf ^iim ** rhininnil DrrtU. the only one that does," rejoined Helen, rarit- | ing and stretching out her hand to her sister. \- " I don't think we're spoilt you, Nell!" said Mary Weston, patting the pretty hand. " But I think John would, if he could." "He is reiy good," the younger-sister, said, less lightly. " Ho is t" Mrs. Weston agreed ^emphati cally. "And you arc very fond ofbim, aren't you ? " with'a touch of anxiety which she did not intend to betray, but which was plain as the sun in "the heaven to Helen's quickperception. " Yes, I am," she answered sincerely ; "I should be very ungrateful if I wasn't! But I do wish he would take mo home for a honeymoon trip !" she added, with only half-playful petulance, "Everybody goes to England on their bridal trip/' ♦•Not everybody, dear." " Well, everybody who can afford it, and i John can afford anything he likes!" i "But, you see, it is John's business keeps; him,here." "Ob, yes, I know. I dare sav it seems just a perverse fancy of mine; like longing for a sleigh nde in summer, for mow in this sunny south." ♦'I'm afraid, dear Nell, you get a little homesick sometimes." "Do I, Mary?" with a curious smile. "You think so?" " I am afraid bo, sometime*, dear. Bnt yoa'll settle down all happily and comfortably when once you are married and in your own home." '♦ Yours has been home to me, Mary!" "And you have helped to make it a real home to me. I might nave felt a little strange and fur-away even with Fred, if it had not been for you. And now I must go and help Chloe make the cakes." • "And I'll come and do the mincopies/.'said Helen cheerfully. "No, no, Nell; I won't have yon getting tired and flushed over the stove; John will be coming soon." "Poor, dear Mary !" said Helen to her self, as her sister hastened away on household cares intent. " She only thinks I am home tick. If she only knew how tired I am -of oranges and pinetrees! And she's so nnxions, poor dear, to be assured that I am really fond of John! Dear, good John ! tbo only thing I'm afraid of is that ho is too good for me I Bat I shall be able to make him happy, I think. Anyhow, I*il-do ray best. And I'm sure I shall be happy with him, as happy as any woman can expect to be. after tlio first dream is over !'* She sighed as her thoughts went back to that " first dream." " Walter," she murmured. "J?oor Walter ! Ifhe had lived - Visions' of another Christmas rose before her. Walter was helping her to put; up the holly.' They Swo were Imgering oven-.their jjjooa-jnight in the .hall. _ He was folding, a wrap round her u she* went out info the chill of tho white wintry night with him to look at the snow glittering in the moonlight. Oh, for'that " white Christmas" of fonr years ago! " My . "poor boy! My poor boy!" Helen said softly to herself. " To think that tho cold, cruel sea, tho deep, dreadful sea, rolls over his head! and that no one, ho one,- will ever, ever know the. truth !'• Sho shuddered and clasped her hands,-and the bright colours of tho sunny landscape 'grew dim to her eyes. But when John Armstrong, her stalwart lover, came, the smile was ready to greet him onjierlips. She. was very fond of John, and the past was past; the present, though it did seem a little dull .sometimes, a little pale and rnrao beside that poor deud past, and | yet full of hope ; thanks to John! Sheltered] by his love, surely she would be safe from the I sting of memory^ even'"from the insidious! gnawing ' of homesickness. He was so strong, it gave her a satisfying sense of pro tection and safety to be with him. He had tho muscles of a gladiator, and- yet, with all hi* rough, uncultivated ways, the gentlenc-s^ of a woman. Helen loved the mingling of half rough force and reverent tenderness about him, and often assured herself that she really loved him very much, though sho was not very lavish of-.'protestations or caresses— which indeed were not much in Heleu /D.d rymple's way. John was English, too. Perhaps, if -he hud not been her compatriot, he might have found his Helen'harder to win. There were many English settled in this part of Florida, hut few as fortunate as John Armstrong. Everything he touched seemed to prosper, and 110w in winning Helen's troth be had won his crowning fortnne—his heart's desire. His sun-bronzed and somewhat rugged-, featured face was beaming, as ho drew his chair as close as it. could be drawn to hers, and. took possession of her hand and felt the slender fingers rest in his big palm as if it were their home. '• • •. : Do you know, darling, this is the hap piest Christmas I've ever had ? " ho said. "Since you were a boy!" she rejoined, laugbiugly. "But you don't know anything about me when I was a boy? " he demurred, smiling in happy response. ' ^ " Oh yes, I know that you were very much like other boys! You were happy when to stuff yourself with mincepies and plum pudding, and pull crackers and ploy snap dragon, was your highest ideal of happiness I And you wero happy when you kissed the I girls under the mistletoeJ " I "But never-half so happy as now that 1} can kiss my girl without the mistletoe I My own girl! No, aarlinu, there's not a son! in sight! You are my own girl, aren't yon? Helen, darling, .what would you like to do to keep our Christmas to-morrow? Shall we haTO a drive. in. the evening and a pienic supper in the woods by moonlight ?" *» A mooulight picnic on Christmas night! Oh, John, where is your sense of tho fitting ?" John looked puzzled. " I want to ao anything that would please you, dearest. What would please you ? " Ob, I don't know. Perhaps a good old fashioned English frost, or a London fog. or a slegh-rido!" recalling her \convcwation I with her sister. - I " Nothing I can give you ?" he said, with | a shnde of disappointment. ."John, dear, you're too good!" sho said, wiih a sudden gush of tenderness. " I don't deserve that you should get me anything! Mary said to me just now that she thought I was a little home sick—and I suppose that's just what I am ! Ob, John, couldn't wc go home in spring on a little honeymoon trip ?'-' "I'm afraid not, darling; perhaps sorao time, but not now. Helen, can't you bej happy here? You know I'll do all I c "Iudoedl do know it. you are the best and dearest of old Johns!" she answered, more lightly, with her sweetest smile. "Helen," ho said, after a thonghtful pause, iu which his genial faco had grown grave, " do you know that I feel ead some times, fearing that the life here won't coutent you, that yon'U be thinking of England cs home!' And I wonder sometimes whether t isn't because it was in England that—tliat you remember you told ine, darling, bles> your truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't keep,any secret from.me,,my sweetheart! that there was—some one you—liked there some one who is dead." Need we talk of him?" said Helen more coldly. "No.no, darling, not if it.hnrta you! Bat it harts mo to thiuk that there's a pain in that memory atill! I'd like to take all pain, ail trouble, from you, even any pain of the past! I'd draw |ho sting from your memory if I could ?" " No memory can sting me very sharply while I have you, John,'.' she answered with an impul.M of self-reproachful, half remorse ful tenderness. " And I won't give way to home sickness any more if it gives you the least bit of pain ! Don't tronblo yourself, John, about tho ghost of yesterday! To morrow is yours!" "Andto-day?" heurged. "Isto-day divided? Or is it all roiue ?" ; . " I think it looks as if it were all yours," she said, softly, ashe kissed her. " Let yester day rest, John, rest with the last year's snows in England ! And let us go unci pick oranges to-day ? And there are some goavns still. I should like some for lunch. Wo never seo them at home except in jelly, do wc V After all, there arc some good things in the sunny 6outh!" sho added, wi h a lapse into her old, light, laughing tono. " Thore are guavas,. and grape- fruit, and youl" John Armstrong went away happy. One thing only now troubled him, he could not makq tip his mind what to give llolcn for a. Christmas .present.-- Blundering -fellow that he: wan!. hajroproacHed himself, rnpt to have thought brer it before.': - Ho went:to the I befit jeweller's in Giralda, tbo nearest- larga" ^ town, where, having but little time to spare, and being- finable' to make up bis mind in> - bastp on the spot, ho ordered u selection of ' choice trinkets to be sent to his rooms, for ' fc his leisurely inspection. Every one in Giralda ,/ know John Armstrong, and there was no-' difficulty mado" about entrusting the jewels'^ - to his cure. -.}• >. ■ Ho was looking in anxious cogitation .froni'CiV tho contents of one velvet- lined cuso to • another, as they wero set out before him on the table, when there was a tup at the dooiyv :; nnd the negro " bell-boy " announced, " Mr-V Lawrence, sab, wants to know cf be kin seo.?; - you." • ".-.v. • " Why, certainly. Show Hrv Lawrence , up. Come in, Lawrence, glad to aco you, and N a merry Christmas to you, ray dear fellow • 14 Tho samoto you! • I seo I "needn't ask-- - how you aro !" eoid the visitor,. glancipg at..'' ' John Armstrong's healthy brown face; "Oh, I'm all right—right as a trivet'■ ■ And you? how have you been? All right-'. • : too, I hope ? Grovo flourishing ?" - I "Yes, all going on well. I've como up to - 'Giraldnon a littlo business, and you're tho. first person I've looked up." " That's right, that's all right !" eaidArm- '." ! strong, lieartily, " I've been.thinking of run--:/ . ning down to Tampa, and then I'd have beea ■■■) the ono to look you up, 'but.'I've :; bad my hands full -lately ;■ it's been a'busy t;-' 1 time, though' it's not been all business!'.} You've just como in the nick of timo now, to give-jne your helpr and advice. Iwasjtmfc muddling my bruin over these things,'* jerking his bead towards tbo disnlay on thoVC" frtWo. dn vnu fliiTitr'u tlift.. . -v* table. 11 Which do you think's tho—the best of the lot ? The—the most likely to— suit a lady?" Armstrong was stammering and the colour rose in his bronzed chcek !'A lady? Ah!" eaid Lawrence, vTitlia smile. '/Pleasure as well ns.busiueas^beeh!^ Keeping you about here.. I '?ce ?" -• "Yes, you see,'well, the fact is, I'm going to bo married." " Heartiest congratulation?,. old fellow * - The young lady's lucky—that I know! ahd - so aro you, I hope!" ' " I just am!" said Armstrongemphatically.}' " Wait till you see her! " , "When alje wiil bo wearing ono of these," - I expect!" suggested Luwrsnce.. Ho-was a younger muu than Armstrong, fairer and.of j slighter build, with u tawny' beard,. honest^' kindly blue eyes, a pleasant, though rather} 'sad, smile, and a generally rather grave, -1 thoughtful expression. Ho was- sympathetic; cally willing to help the perplexed lover in - his choice of a gift, which was fortunate* as poor John had not much taste, and was sorelyj, bewildered in his contemplation of tho " em-?: barras de richesses" that lay before him. Vo • "How this—this is something ontofthos common, eli?" ho. suggested,, but 'hesitat- f ingly, as deferring to Lawrence's better jadgrhent, pointing ton necklace of alligator'*? -j teeth lavishly set in gold.- " Or this now ? ". indicating a heart-shaped ornament almost big ? eaough to wear as a shield, and adorned with a true lover's kuot studded with jewels of-all the colours of the rainbow. "Do you think alligators' teeth quitea\ Eretty'thing to. clasp round a girl's throat ?' *. ►awrenco demurred. " And isn't, this a*-, trifle—justa trifle showy ? ,t/ John's countenance fell. "She likes everything dainty and deli cate," ho said. " How about tbis?" said Lawrence, taking; • up^ a simple but costly necklet of a single-- • string of exquisitely matched pearls, V-'.-' It whs Armstrong^ turn to demur'.". - • " Don't pearls mean tears ?" hei rejoined. ' .', "Ah? • Yon wouldn't risk giving, her - those ?" raid tho younger man, with a smilo :■ that ended in a. short, quickly-s&flcd; breath^ like a sigh. "No, I wouldn't," raid-Armstrong,"^otic-r ing bis friend's look with an instincb of.;; fellow-feeling. • " You wouldn't either,:, would you,' Lawrence, if you were choosing; —something for somebody ?" ' ' Vi "No, Isuppose I should be superstitious, - too. But there's nobody—now! and I'vo had all-the superstition "and fancy and/, romance pretty well knocked out of me." , "There's nobody now," Armstrong ro-\r peated nis words. "There," ho added, ; delicately and hesitatingly,,f there was 6ome- . body once, then r" " Once!" Lawrence echoed, looking downr at tho pearl necklace. When the choice was finally raude of a slender gold bracelet with a fonr-li'uved shamrock in diamonds -("All womcu like diamonds," tbo two mcn.hai agreed), tbo comrades sat down, with a pipo. j and gluss, and then Armstrong referred* in bis frankly sympathetic, if bluudering way to Lawrence's late admission. "I'm afraid my—my'asking you about that," nodding towards.tlic bracelet, "recalls : things to you ! " "They haven't got far to be recalled, they lie near the surface," tho yonngcr man V replied, gloomily. : " There was somebody, and it—it—didn't-. , como to anything ?'Armstrong ventured,.-; his heart softened by bis own happiness, his sympathy too sincere to be intrmuvp. Lawrence paused a moment,- then' said, : abruptly: . "She thinks I'm dead, at leasfclhopo sb«. doe.?. She's far away—I shall never see her.; again. But somehow Christmas- always, raakea rae think of old day?." •, Armstrong nodded in silent comprehension.} Lawrence paused a moment, then added with •: almost barah abruptness: <• * *1 Look here, Armstrong, I've of ton thought • • of tolling you. I was very near it moro thnn once, when you wero such a good ohum:tb mo/ at Ocalu. The fact is, I—I left England. under a cloud! My very name—well, It's _ ! my own, for I was christened Lawrence aa« | my second name,- but it's not' my truo sur- . I name. Thete are others of us -hero who have come out of the way, as I did. but'r.ot many shadowed;by ft cloud as.Uackas mino." r- - - "What was it, my boy?" asked ^ John Armstrong, fraternally. " Oh, I've not bolted _from the law," Lawrence said quickly.. "X stand (dear of that, I think. But it's the suspicion, of which I feel I shall never bo clear." - "Sho suspected—believed ill of you?" '4 God bless her—no. She declared she had faith in mo. But no one else bad. I couldn't ask her to marry mo under a cloud, to take my name with the stain on it. I came abroad to live it down, and the ship in whti'h I'd taken my passage was wrecked—you remember the disaster of the Columbia? I was supposed' to have been on board; my name was iu the list of lost. But at the last minute an accident had prevented my sailing. No one know at home that I had not sailed. They all believe that I went down with the Columba and the rest of her unlucky pas- ' centers and crew." "And she believes it, too?" "Sho must, what clso can she think? It is belter so. I decided not to write and tell her I" was safe." 41 Sho may be grieving—mourning for yon," suggested Armstrong. V For a time—yes. But it is Vst as it is— ! for her. She is young; tho thought of me! and my trouble would be a more lasting cloud on her bright girlhood tban tbo thought of; xny death. I would never have married ber' unless I could give her a stainless name. She will be happier, not knowing. She bclievod me- innocent—that is my comfort. Let her dead, for ber own pe " It's a sad state of thincrs,*" mused Arm strong. "And what—what was the—"he hesitated for a time—"the trouble," he finished. "Theycalled it murder—an ujrly word, isn't it ? Bat whatever it was, Y bad no hand in it. If any man killed Philip Strctton, ifcwasnotl 1" "Philip Strctton 1" John Armstrong darted. His back was to the light, so Lawrence could sot see how his healthy colour paled. "Yes, you remember the case, I sec? I own it did look black against me. He was my cousin, and I his heir—though it would have beea the other way round, he would have been my heir, and I should have stood in his shoes, ii my grandfather had not made an ^unfair will. I had been imprudent—I jrfts in a little difficulty—and I' waa foolish enough to ask Philip for a loan, only an ad vance for three months. He «aid things that cut me. > There was a soreness between us, I own,' bnt I would never have injured a hair of his head. Ycu remember, perhaps, how I was arrested, remanded—all the miserable story? There was not evidence enough against me to send the case for trial, but there was enough to make people believe me guilty—to make me feel a pariah and an outcast— to make me cast aside my father's name ' as a tarnished and tmclean thing—to drive me into exile here, as a dead man, dead to his own laud and his own people." "It's a sad business," said Armstrong, his voice strangely hnsky. " Ireraember hearing of it." A pause; then he added: "But, Lawrence, I say, old cham, aren't you per haps a bit over-sentitire about people— snspectingyou?" 44 Over-sensitive! "When I've seen women turn aside to avoid recognising me—when the very children have started at me as if I were a wild beast! But there, talking of it can't mend matters." Ho filled his glass hastily; hishand shook ashe raised itio his lips. John Armstrong's brimming glass stood untouched by his aide. Another knock at the door, and the entrance of a second visitor—this time a genial and 6omewbat boisterous one. to wish the oompig ments of the season, interrupted the conver sation, rather to the relief of both Armstrong and Lawrence, and it was much to the host's relief when both his visitors departed. Left alone at last, he stood by the window docp in troubled thought, storing out across tho rough sandy road with eyes that conld not eee. "I never dreamt of this," he said to him self, his Bps framing the words without sound, as men who have lived much alone often get the habit of communing with them selves. "This-comes of shirking, or trying to shirk. One can't shirk a thing—it will follow one. If it were not for Helen, now. It's plain enough—the thing to do. It stares me in tho face. Bnt Helen, who. trusts me. I mast think of her first. Yet that boy. He's been wronged enough., He wouldn't marry his girl with a stained name. Can I marry my girl with a stained con science? His girl in England stuck to him. .Maybe mino would crick to me. Would she, though? - It's an ugly story to tell her. Still, if she's got grit enough to stand it ? She doesn't look like one that would weaken and wilt away from a mau because of some thing in hm past—though it doe* look rather a black business. I'll sec. I'll sound her. .. black business. God forgive me! I'm a coward where she's concerned. I see the right thing plain enousb. But I can't—I can't. No, she's my all! I can ri*k the losing her!" "Helen was sauntering in the orange-grove in the moonlight alone. She was glad to be alone, for somehow this Christmas Eve she was haunted by memories of that other Christinas with Walter four years ago 1 That pa-it was dead and bnned. out its gho-it walked sometimes. Two lines of a poem the had once heard recited kept running in her head 11 Pray for the one beloved, wherever he may be, In the hash of the Christmas midnight he will appear to the© i" How still the night wa3! Grove and wood and lake seemed to be sleeping in silence. The moonbeams bathed, the .fair landscape in a silver sea of light, yet left uo penetrated the dusky mysteries of shadow in the deeps of " the dark browed trees." , . She thought of that " white winter " in j England, and -the ghost of the buried past j walked ill the southern moonlight. ' "Was anything else stirring, too ? Was that a step ?. Did a shadow move ? -Could it be John? But John never came that way through the grove. If it should bs a tramp, and she so far from the boose ? The moving shadow gathered shape and substance, stepped, out from the darkness of the bordering trees, and tbo moonlight fell full upon his lace. Helen stopped with a start. Who—what—was it ? The moonlight was; well-nhfh bright as day. The face, the figure that Ktood ont clear in those pure undazriing beams, the very gesture with which the nun pau*ed at sight of her, all had been famiiiar to her once! Was it a ghost ? Were the linos that had been ringing in her miud prophetic ? . "In the hu*h of the Christinas midnight he will appear to thee." He, too,. had paused at sight of the girl's slim white-rohod figure : he started as one ^ thunder'stricken as he looked upon her face, 1 pa!c and pure in the colourless bfoze of *he aembtropical moonlight, for while she stared, dumb with doub; and amazement, oa the dead alive, be looked, on tbc living, lost to him, whom he had deemed five thousand miles away! He was the ftet to find his voioe. "Helen, 'Helen? You—here!" He stretched out his hand;-it was warm with life as it touched hers, strong with living human strength' as it clasped her cold and trembling fingers.'. .1 ".Walter, Walter!. Aro .you Olive? I; thought—I heard—oh, wo hare all mourned | you as dead." V John Armstrong, bearing the chosen bracelet that was to be his Christmas gift,! was on bis way to see his beloved, bat not | with the quick, assured step of the happy lover. He lagged and took the longest way. Ho might have said, if ho bad beeb given to quoting Shakespeare, u Ob, full of scorpions is ray mind." They bit and stung, those snakes and tempted to silence, prompted him with subtle sophistries "for Helen's sake." Was not his 'first duty to spare her pain? Yet be know that if be yielded to the tempta tion, be should fori him-elf to the last day of his life a despicable sinner. Fur till this day he had not realised, what ho had dune, bat now, if he kept silence still, he would be sin ning with his cjc3 open. Still could he dare trust Helen with the tru:b, at the risk of seeing her shrink from him. tura cold to him, perhaps tuke herself out of his life. On the other hand, it was passible that ehe might not fail him ! She might prore herself brave and loyal in the crncial boor. Ho felt be did not know Helen thoroughly. Sho was a sweet rose, "set with little wilful thorns." He could not tell how far her pretty little ■ waywardness and girlish caprices were mere ripples on thi* surface, what dopths of iovc and faith and courage might not ljo in the depths boueath. While she sauntered «n slowly, dcop in thought, his footfall soundless on the loose, sandy soil, he heard a voice on the other sido of the slender fringe of trees that bordered the grove. Not Helen*? voice, he had never heard that tone-in it. And yet ibwas like hers—that voico with the tender thrill, the .throb and palso of living passion., of which ho had never known it capable. " Yfalter—Walter after all theso year* l" , . - "My darlimr, my dmrliiijy!** murmured the man's voice, shaken and husky, hut Lawrence's voice. John Armstrong made a noiseless step forward, looked onl of. the shadow .whicu concealed him from their view, atid saw Helen. his bride-elect, : clinging . to Lawrence, his arm round her,; her face uplifted in the moonlight to his. For the moment they had fonrotton • all tho world but each other.* She had forgotten John, and be the stain upon bis name, the cause of bis exile. ' She was first to remember the barrier. "Oh, Walter; no—no 1 Let me goI must tell you—I am not free !".v 1.. ; "la it you, then—you who wcro .engaged to Armstrong - ' ~ "Yes. He is tho best and truest of mon," with a sob in lier voice. 44 Walter, now that wo have mot, it can ouly.be to part." John Armstrong heard uo more. Had he not becu standing there naif stricken to stone. paralysed, ho would not havo heard so mucb. He turned with a groping, staggering ges ture, like a man reoiing, blinded, beneath a stunning blow, yet careful that no sound of going should startle thorn as ho went, and left them there together. The moonlight flooded landscape was black to him ; be seemed to ho . groping his way through great dark ness, his face set from tho houso towards which his steps had been bent. 'How could he face Helen now? , It was Helen whom he had wrongedit was Helen whom he bad robbed of her lore, albeit all unwittingly. Ho had thought of Lawrence's, unnamed love as. far off, in the old country. Bat there was no far-away girl ^in England—it .waaHelon, hero I, \ .... For her dear sako ho had thought of keep-' - iug thorilouce that would havo scaled tho sentencer of ' exilo from: homo-and lovo'-on* " iWrence—and Lawreneo was the man shby • lovod. Yet abb would keep her faith with >■' him. -She had'said it herself 1 And Lawrence • woald not claim her bo long aa tho stain of -• euapected prime" clang to his name. John Armstrong sauVthat he could bold her still 1 - >' It was Christmas Day; the sun shone* pn.. the ovefgrcen pines and' tho glossy foliage of the orange trees and'thnir golden fruit, and" fky and.hike were. ono monotono of radiant ai'nre. .John and Helon were walking in the grove, und both were taciturn and ill-at« case. ' * 44 Helen, *niy girl," ' ho .said breaking a: long 'silence as they drew uear tho spot where )<he und "VTidter liad mot last night, "Ibtulv been thinking what I could got yon for: a - Christmas present, wondering what - would plCaso you best. And I found out, lost" night." , ;. ' •. '* ' ' "•." Last night? Bat you didn't come last - -- niglit. . . ' -• — vtf Tes, I came, Helen; I came. . I came . this way," pointing/to tho border of-trees, •'and I,was here... 'Isaw—Iheard." -■*Helcii started, arid thccolonr rushed-to her. Y.7 face, then ebbing,.left it deadly pale. ; .But • . though ahe was dismayed, she riid i:ot blenok. • She was toovproud;to quail as'guilt might • quail;., Barber.' there was even a touch of* reproach* in her tone a* she answered. . VYou'were bote, John? You heard?" By accident." His browu cheek'flushed now'. *'"! heard only a few words.- I . hurried, away. Youdon't tbink.that I'd 'plar eavesdropper, on purpose., Holen ?" • . V No. no, John! But ir you heard any- - tiling, I wi^h you had heard all!; You would: havo undcrbhwd'.that I—I wzu starfclod, 7; taken by surpriao. I hud never dreamt that : he, ."Walter, , was' •.li>dng,..' when I—when. . you—" *he heslfcitod painfully, vet not- as : - one. abashed or ashamed—then added, "never • uutil.last night!" .- '' .4,1 know. I know, my bravo • true-hearted girl !'' - he said.. 44 Yon're not to - bkuue— : you've been straight npd square." • 44 And he," she interposed, hastily. { •• '•••> '■. "And he too,". .John Armstrong, rejoined, "hd'did not know.. Nor L* Helen, , do mo justice,<too !■ "Idid not know-.that tho man I; • chummed with at Ocala, whom I know-as Lawrence, wusIYulter Stretton.'.'. - - - - ' 44 Walter Lawrence * Stretton," sho: ex plained./'' •' r r . " Yes; I know, he has told me, it is his . second namei"'Wsaid; wincing a little at her • eagerness to explain on his behalf. " But I • did not know that Walter Stretton was the name of the man you cared for! Wo none of us knew. • It's been a chapter of mistakes allround. -But now—now I sec what I can v. give you,'Helen I I can give you your free dom."\; - • V "John, no—you are too. good !" sho pro- v tested withremorseful tenderness—what is to; a man- the terrible , frank-tenderness of the " wbinari who does not love hira !". >*Nof;"xibt that!" he said, recoiling from . the' word-"good"• on her lips. "Wait—• • wait,* Helen! till;you'vo heard all. I givo v you biitk jour freedom and something more! I give into your hand tho means of clearing Whiter Strettou's; name. Philip -Stretton's 'death-was no murder! • I ought to know,.:• because—because the . accident—it was an accident! was brought aly>nt by rae!" 44 You, .John ! Oh. John, are you mad?" , she fell - hiik from-.him with doubt, fear,, horror, in her eyos. ^ 7 "No; I'm not mad, unless it's madness to tell you tho truth. It .was 'ray.hand caused Philip Stretton's death." Youra? Then, who, what—aro you ?" " ■ What I've always been, to you and all' the world, plain John Armstrong!" ' • "You were there, at Holborough at tho* : time? But—how was that? and what, had • vou to do with Philip Stretton? Wenevcif . ; knew anything about yoiu" - •' ' - ' • "No. Youuevnr knew mo nor ray sister, - •• ray poor little sister Lizzie. -But Philip S'rettoa know her; X darn say ho didn't talk of her to you. Wo weren't of your set/you, sec. You always knew * I never concealed . - from yog that I hadn't moved in the same1*, class vou'd been, accustomed to .mix with.'- : You Itnew that, and were __willing to ■ accept- r it.'.' ' • . • Yea! You were yoursolf to mo.' 1:.' Thut's how it is wo never met at Hol- f borouvh. I was only thcro now and then for J a-time, and we moved in different orbits. Xly y sister was as good a girl as over breathed, but •' - delicate, a pretty little palo thing, fond;o£:: • books and poetry.: Philip Stretton • didn't ^ ; mean anything by his attention to her— .. pcrhups no barm, perhaps no gooJ. I didn't / . choose that ho should asnu-je himself making a/ . plaything of hor heart. ,\Vo met on that lonoly road: I spoke to him—ho took tho highland mighty tono with rne, and told mo. to mind my own bu-ines-«. Well, itV no ' story for your ears. Efolcu, bar. you can guesa ' how words ran high betv/een us. As I live,' ' I'd no intent nor thought of serious injury to life or limb whoa I struok hira. pat I waa strong, and t supposo in my anger I- hit harder than I meant. It was just by evil chance that he fell with his templo on a sharp atone. If I'd lot hira lie as he fell, it would', have been pluiu enough how it happened.. . But iu - my horror and dixmay I . lifted ■ hira up, and moved, him,- trying ; to : recall him to life. It w: never occurred,, to rae, I was so stuunedT that tho : stouo left lying.-there .would hnvo been';., supposed to havo boon u*ed ;ia a weapon, still- • less that young Waltor Stretton would bo, suspected.'*' .' " 44 Why did you not como forward and tell-"., the truth?" . . \- - Because, I own it to you, Helen, I was S " coward—for- my. sister's sake more than for•/-, my own! It would havo killed Lizzioto.:; have. had. my. name, coupled with his death,; * nnd her name dragged in and compromised, fifj. it- must have been. I thought to save my ^sister's' good numo and peace of mind. Ic Vas" not until I was far away that I ' hehrd bow Walter Strettoa had. been arrested and discharged.. for want ' of •evidence.' I thought tho matter ended there —was no more concern of mine. But X;see .now, .a man's docd is a matter of hiti life for t ever—ho cau never got away from it!." ! "And—your sister?"- breathed Helen.; VSbo died ! -I took. this. silence on my .'conscience for .her. sake, in vain. - .1 seo now that* it was a crirao. '. .But I didn't know— believe me, Helen, I never knew how Walter Strottou had suffered froir/iti . And.I didn't know it.was your heart I was nearly break ing ! But now it's not too lato lto atono to -.you.botb. You were his, first. I giro .you ..back to him ! • I'll give you a written state ment telling exactly how Philip Stretton's death camo about.. If that's not enough, I'll go back to England and make my declaration there.".. . M'ltis enough ! it'shall be enough!.. You shall nptgo back to run the smallest risk! Oh, John, I cannot ucoept this sacrifice from you!" But yet, in lior heart, she.knew, ' and he knew, that the sacrifice was already accepted. .When Walter Strctton came, obeying a message from Armstrong, to Weston's Grovel ho found John and Helen hand locked in hand, and it was hard to say which was the paler in this parting hour. John turned .and-put Helen's hand Walter's. "She has a great deal, to tell you. Law renep," ho said, and his strong voice shook a little. " I'll leave you together." Tears were in Helen's eyes, but John .Aamtitrong smiled, for the heart throb of sacrifico is a pain that stings like joy. He turned away and left them—together. 