Visit of the Bishop of Melbourne. COXFIR3IAT10X SERVICE. His Lordship theSIost Rev Dr Goe, Anglican Bishop of Jlelboume, accompanied by 3Irs Goe arrived on Saturday. Yesterday morning Dr Goe preached at Christ Church, selecting as his text, part of the 13th verse of the loth chapter of the Epistle to the Romans—" The God of hope," from which he gave an eloquent dis course. In the aitcrnoon he administered the rite of confirmation to 53 young people. Of these there were 20 males and 33 females. His Lord ship was assisted in the service (which was a- very impressive one) by the Rev E. A. Craw, ford. incumbeDt of the parish. Prior to. the confirmation service, the Bishop addressed the candidates. He said they beard God calling thetn sometimes, but they were not always con scious that it was God's voice. God spoke to them in the hours of darkness, and called them. He spoke to them on the bed of anguish, some times by the grave of a dear friend. At such times God said to them, " Seek ye 31y face." God was really always speaking to them in some way or another. God had been speaking to them during the last 3 months through their spiritual instruction. They had been taught what it was to renounce the world, the fiesb, and the devil, and to accept tbe articles of the Christian faith. They had been prayed tor and prayed with. There was never a time, perhaps, when they thought more seriously than the present ; when they were about to stand up and say "I do." God said to each one of thetn now, "Seek ye 3Iy face." It was not only with the voice, but with the heart, they should utter the words. Their hearts should speak to God at such a time. They should seek this form, and Hi blessings, which were letter than life itself. It was not in their hearts by nature to seek God's face. Their hearts were naturally bent upon worldly pleasures and earthly things. Unless the Holy Spirit entered the heart, it. conld not be opened. Unless the spirit entered the heart, it was cold and callous. After the Holy Spirit had entered it became soft and yielding; they had come there that afternoon to have their hearts opened, and receive the Spirit, of the Holy Ghost. He trusted the Spirit of God would enter their hearts and rest there, and always abide there. There were many things that they should ask God for. He may not give them, but when they asked for His Holy Spirit, they would be sure to receire it, as He had promised thorn that if they asked they would receive it. The hymn commencing with the verse : — "Come Holy Ghost Creator blest. Vouchsafe within our bents to rest ; Come with tby grace and heavenly aid, And fill the heirts which Thou hast made," was then sung in an impressive manner. The rite of Confirmation was afterwards administered, and as His Lordship placed his hands on the heads of the confirmees he used the following prayer: — Defend, O Lord, this thy child with Thy heavenly grace, that they may continue, thine for ever, and daily increase in thy Holy Spirit more and more until they come to Thy everlasting Kingdom." Anotherfbymn was then snng, finishing with the especially appropriate verse : — Spirit of purity and love, Oar weakness pitying see, 0 make our hearts Thy dwelling place, And worthier Thee." At the conclusion of the ceremony, His Lord ship advised them all to learn the beautiful hymn, "Thine for ever God of Love," and addressed the newly-confirmed yonng people. He hoped they would all continue Christ's for ever, and so enter the realms of eternal life. There was a voice always whispering to them "Not Yet." It was the devil's voice. He would speak to them every day, but they should turn a deaf ear to hira. He was very deceit ful; he would say " It was a very proper thing to be confirmed, but that there was no need to be in a hurry about it. There is plenty of time to enjoy life while young, and turn to God when they had enjoyed themselves, and were getting old and feeble. The devil did not whisper "Thine for ever God of Love," but said "Not Yet." So the devil spoke to Felix, the power ful Roman governor when he told St Panl he would wait for a more convenient- season. To the middle-aged man the devil whispers, " You are working bard, why not lay in bed on Sundays, smoke your pipe and read your novels ; why not enjoy your Sundays? By and by you will have means and be able to rest all the week ; when getting old you will have plenty of time to attend to religious duties." Tbe devil bad no need to 6ay anything to tbe aged, because their liabits were formed, and we're averse to making any change. If they meant, to be really good, they must commence while young. They should begin by praying every day and study their Bibles. They should regard Sunday as God's day, and join with His people in singing His praise, and strive to do something for Him. They must not listen to the devil's cry of " Not Yet ".mid remember that now was the time to serve their God. The afternoon service concluded ' with the hymn, ... . The King of love my shepherd is, , . ' Wbcise gohaness faileth' never; " """ ' ' 1 nothing lack" if l am His . And He i mine for eTer." . . 7 - The bishop preached again in ; the evening taking as his text the 42nd verse of the 10th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles. The musical services throughout, the day were under the direction of the organist (Mr C. T. Hasler), who played in his usual masterly style. The evening service was fully choral, and consisted of Tellis' preces and respones, Winchester's " 3Iagnifieat " and Nunc Dimmittis in G. The anthem was Sir Arthur Sullivan's, "I will sing 'of Thy power, O God the fine tenor solo , of which was well sung by Mr Hobson. 