PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. 4.30. The PRESIDENT took the Chair. NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr. BURGES gave notice of his inten- tion to ask the Colonial Secretary, at the next sitting, if the Government wore tak- ing any active steps to prevent the known invasion of rabbit, spreading into the settled portions of the colony. Mr. PARSONS gave notice of his inten- tion to ask the Colonial Secretary at the next sitting or the House:—(l) Whether the Railway Department will undertake that in all future cases where machinery is offered for consignment to stations between Kal- goorlie and the Boulder the same shall be accepted; (2) whether the Department will undertake that an adequate crane shall in all cases be available for the delivery of such machinery. Mr. PARSONS gave notice of his inten- tion to move at the next sitting of the House-Whether, in view of the fact that tho present mail delivery at Kalgoorlie in- volves the unnecessary delay of a day in replying to letters, the Government will readjust the railway time-table? Mr. PARSONS gave notice of his inten- tion to move at the next sitting of the House-" That a return be laid on the table of the House showing: (1) The total amount received by the Government to date as the proceeds of land sales, includ- ing town lots and residence areas, at Cool- gardie, Kalgoorlie, and the Boulder ; and (2) the amount granted to tho aforesaid municipalities in respect of subsidies, including all grants to health boards, progress committees, and adjacent roads boards." PAPERS. The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid on the table the report by the Under-Secretary for Lands on the land selection for tho six months ending June 30, 1898; the report of the Board of Management of the Fre- mantle Hospital; the by-laws of the Municipalities of Kanowna, North Fre- mantle, and Perth. AGRICULTURAL BANK. Mr. BURGES moved "That a return be laid on the table showing-(1) the names of all applicants who have received money by loan from the Agricultural Bank; (2) the amount paid to each applicant; (3) amount still due to each applicant; (4) do they reside in the colony ? (5) if not, where?" He said it was in the knowledge of the public that the Agricultural Bank was lending money to English capitalists. This was contrary to the wishes of the people, if it was not contrary to the Act itself. Mr. McLARTY said that if money was advanced to English capitalists it was upon specific improvements. Mr. PIESSE maintained that money should not be lent to people outside the colony, but he urged that it was unwise to ask for the publication of the information asked for. The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved that the debate be adjourned until the fol- lowing day, in order that Mr. Burges might amend his motion. The motion for the adjournment of the debate was aimed. HAWKERS AND PEDLARS ACT. Mr. R. S. HAYNES moved "That the subject matter of the petition of Faras Toola and others presented to the House be taken into consideration in committee of the whole, and that the President re- port to the House on the advisability or otherwise of repealing the Hawkers and Pedlars Act 1892 Amendment Act 1897." He said that the effect of the Amending Act, which was hurriedly past last session, was that any person who went round soli- citing orders was hawking. This was a contradiction in terms. The Act was directed against the Indian hawkers. Mr. CONGDON They have become a nuisance in the country. Mr. HAYNES said that the Act should be put in force as much against the white population as against the coloured men. Many of the petitioners had fought in the British army in India, and were British subjects. Mr. CONGDON seconded the motion. Mr. PARSONS said that a white man had not equal rights in tho country where the petitioners came from. Legislators had no right to be sentimental. They were merely trustees for the people here. Mr. MATHESON opposed the motion, but not for the reasons given by Mr. Parsons. He held that the Act, which was only passed last session, had not yet had a fair trial. There was a great feeling throughout the country against the solici- tation of orders by hawkers. The Bill ought to be enforced, and he thought the Minister in charge of the Department ought to have pressure brought to bear on him with a view to seeing that no pre- ference was given to the white hawkers as against the Indian hawkers. Mr McKAY stated the Bill had been the means of putting a stop to a great nuis- ance. Mr PIESSE stated that the Afghan hawkers had been defying the law ever since the Act had been passed. The Act was practically a dead letter along the district served by the Great Southern rail- way, and the police were not doing their duty in this connection. Ho hoped the motion would not be agreed to. Mr. R. S. HAYNES briefly replied. He pleaded for the discussion of the matter in committee, and contended that to burk inquiry was not the action of an English- man. The House divided on the motion, with the following result : Ayes .12 Noes . 4 Majority for the motion ... 8 The following is the division list :-Ayes (12) : Messrs. Randell, Spencer (teller), Hackett, McLarty, Kidson, Loton, Richard- son, McKay, R. S. Haynes, Whitcombe, Burges, and Congdon. Noes (4) : Messrs. Piesse (teller), Stone, Matheson, and Parsons. In Committee : Mr. R. S. HAYNES moved. "That in the opinion of the Committee the Hawkers and Pedlars Act 1992 Amendment Act, 1897, should be repealed." He contended at some length that the Act was not being directed against the hawkers generally, but against one section of tho fraternity only. That was not fair, and it should be rectified as soon as possible. Mr. PARSONS opposed the motion. He said that there was no reciprocity with the petitioners from an international point of view. In nine cases out of ten they were born outside the Indian border lines. The alien pedlar was a nuisance and a menace in the country districts. Mr. BURGES said that the coloured hawkers practically threatened women in the country when they refused to purchase goods. The Act should be given a fair trial. Mr. HAYNES said that if necessary he would alter the motion to provide that the Act should be amended instead of repealed. Punishment could be provided for hawkers using threats. The motion was negatived. Mr. HAYNES called for a division, but the President stated that no division could be taken, as there was only one " aye." Progress was then reported. SELECT COMMITTEES. The time for the bringing up of the re- ports of the select committees on the Criminal Appeal Bill, Bankruptcy Act Amendment Bill, and Interpretation Bill was extended until Thursday. CROWN SUITS BILL. The Crown Suits Bill was read a third time, on the motion of the Colonial Secre- tary, and passed. POLICE ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The Police Act Amendment Bill was read a third time on the motion of Mr. R. S. Haynes, passed, and ordered to be sent on to the Legislative Assembly re- questing their concurrence. PUBLIC EDUCATION BILL. Tho COLONIAL SECRETARY, in mov- ing the second reading of the Public Education Bill, said that there had been several amendments of the original Act since it was passed in 1871. For him to move the second reading of the Bill was somewhat interesting because he took some consideriable interest in the measure which was introduced into the old Legis- lative Council in 1871. Only recently an Act was passed by which the assisted schools were abolished, compensation being given for the cessation of the grant. The present Bill was virtually the same as the old one up to clause 17. There were several clauses which had been slightly amended. Clause 15, providing that a district board should consist of not less than five nor more than seven members, had been framed on his suggestion. Some of the districts were too large to be worked with a board of five. Clause 17 was the first clause in which any material alteration had been made. He could not agree with the alteration in removing from the list of persons who were to record their votes for district boards those persons most interested, namely, the father,mother or guardian of a child attending the school. He did not, however, propose to make an alteration in the qualification at that moment. Personally he was in favour of the election of the district boards, but a considerable saving could be effected if they were willing to forego the principle of election, and have the members nomi- nated by the Governor in Council. Clause 26 had been slightly altered with reference to the duties of the district boards. From the regulations it would be seen that the duties entrusted to the boards were such that if any member were desirous of carrying out his duties fully, there were many directions in which he could be of considerable benefit to the teachers, the children and tho Department generally. Clause 39 was a new clause and provided that where a district had not been consti- tuted the Govenor might appoint not more than three persons as a board of advice. Clause 31 dealt with the question of even- ing and certain other schools being main- tained by the Department, and the next clause amongst other things provided for free education. By that it was meant that no fees should be paid for children be- tween six and fourteen years of age at- tending state or provisional schools. It was however, allowed for the Department to charge fees at the special schools, such as the evening schools and technical schools. Clause 36 was a very important one, and it had been considerably altered in the Lower House. With that alteration he did not agree, and he trusted that an opportunity would be afforded for hon. members to carefully consider it, and that they would re-instate the clause, either in its original form or else in some other form. Taking the lowest grounds, if this clause were not re-instated they would be depriving their children of the study of a book, the historical and literary value of which they could not speak too highly of. Apart from the religious aspect of the case, to which he did not wish to refer at the present moment, and on these lower grounds alone, it must be acknowledged that the children ought to be acquainted with those facts of ancient history found both in the Old Testament and the New. This was desirable in every way, and more especially in country districts. Before 1871 they had a system of education which was a very good one. The children were then instructed in primary education very satisfactorily, and from that period the Bible was read in the schools, and lessons were given from it by the teachers. In 1871 an effort was made to expunge the re- ligious element altogether from the Act, and he and the late revered Bishop of Perth (Dr. Hale) and other citizens strongly resented those efforts and did their best to obtain what they did even- tually obtain a promise that the Bible should be read in the schools without note or comment. It was felt very keenly by the good Bishop that to inflict the stigma of secular, if not heathen, education upon their children would be a disgrace to them as a Christian community. Public meet- ings were held in Perth, and every effort was made to get a clause inserted in the Act providing for instruction from the Bible. In 1893 an alteration was made. He was not quite sure whether it originated in that House or not. In the Act which was in force now a clause which came from New South Wales was inserted, and he held it had worked satisfactorily here as as in the other colony. Indeed he could see no reason why hon. members should part with the principles which were then laid down, and which had been a part of the State educa- tion of the colony ever since. Clause 37 governed the number of hours in which children were to be engaged in secular in- struction and the hours had been shortened rather than increased. Mr HACKETT: Has the Minister no power to reduce the hours in cases of ex- treme heat or other special cases? The COLONIAL SECRETARY I do not think the Act provides for anything of that kind. The Act, however, gives the Minister power to act on various causes, and doubtless intense heat would be one cause. Mr. BURGES: The district boards ought to have the power. The COLONIAL SECRETARY: It was a very difficult subject, and they must re- member that if they frequently interfered with the children's attendances at school they would arrest the current of instruc- tion and injure the progress of the children. Mr. HACKETT: But did not the Min- ister contemplate that he should have the power to close a school when the heat was over 95? The COLONIAL SECRETARY said he did not think the Minister ever intended to do that, but he remembered something had been said on the subject in the papers. The conditions of a school and the situa- tion of a school would also have to be taken, into consideration, and it was possible that 95deg. of heat in some places might not be so oppressive as 75 or 80 in others. Pro- ceeding the Colonial Secretary stated that the Act provided that three quarters of any hour should be allowed for special religious instruction. That had been arranged by the teachers the district boards, and the Department. The time was originally, half an hour, but it had been found that half an hour was scarcely long enough. Hon. members would see that this religious instruction had become part and parcel of the law of this land. Mr Whitcombe, he noticed, had an amendment to move to this clause, but he hoped when in com- mittee he would withdraw it, as he re- garded it as an objectionable one, and one that would inflict unnecessary trouble one the vast majority for the benefit of a small minority. Hon. members need have no fear of the danger of proselytism in the schools, for that had been guarded against, parents having the power to withdraw their children from religious teaching if they so desired. In the past very few had done so. One or two persons, possibly, on the goldfields had requested that their children might be withdrawn from religions in- struction but he believed there were some special reasons for this in connection with the teachers. The last section of the clause provided that this special instruc- tion should not be given to the same children more than three days a week. The Bill also aimed at having the whole of the children receiving religious instruction being taught at the one time, the minister of one denomination having a class in one room, and another minister a class in another room. It was felt that by this means the ordinary work of the school would not be greatly interfered with. Clause 38 was intended to prevent the pupils time beíng wasted, and it provided that if a clergyman or religious teacher, did not attend during any portion of the recognised time such period must be devoted to secular instruction. Clause 39 laid down that no child should he required to receive religious instruction if the parent of the child signified by notice his objection to such instruction. That was inserted to protect the parents who ob- jected to religious instruction, or to any particular form of instruction. Clause 41 was, he believed, taken from the South Australian Act, and it provided for the examination of private schools by a Go- vernment inspector, who was given power to certify as to their efficiency. The Roman Catholics had in the past, he believed, recognised the importance of the pro- vision, and there was no compulsion about it. It was also just possible that other private schools would desire to obtain a certain status by an examination and cer- tification by a Government officer that the schools were efficient. Clause 42 was for the purpose of enforcing attendance, and was a very necessary one. Other clauses bad been inserted to enable the compul- sory officer to carry out the compulsory . clauses more effectually, and also to avoid the necessity of tho attendance of teachers at police court proceedings against the parents. , The PRESIDENT left the Chair at 0.30. The PRESIDENT resumed the Chair at at 7.30. The COLONIAL SECRETARY, con- tinuing his description of tho pro- visions of tho Bill, said that clause 49 reade provision for the establishment of an industrial school or schools. The clause was wisely guarded by providin that parents should contribute to the maintenance, education and training of their children sent to the school. Clause CO w as an elastic clause to prevent the un- due crowding of one school and the crowd- ing of another at the caprice of a parent, and through no fault ,of the teacher. Clause 51 made provision for the taking of. a census. It was not likely to bo carried into operation in these days of economy, but the machinery would be found useful at a later period. Clause 32 was calculated to be very useful in carrying out the compulsory clauses of tho Act. Ho was not prepared to accept the amendment of Mr. AVhitcombeto clause 54, .which amendment provided that no regu- lations should be published in the Govern- ment Gazette until they had been laid on the table of both Houses without having been amended. Thero was grave difficulty in the way of adopting the amendment, which might prevent a regulation being brought into effect until nino months after it was framed. The Bill was largely a consolidating measure. The new clau os enlarged the scope of the Act. He would be happy to meet hon. members in a proper spirit in regard to any .amendments which might be brought forward. He regretted that ho liad taken office at a time wheu other intoiosts had to be considorod. He was afraid something was expected from him which, in tho altered cir- cumstances of the colony, he should havo very little power to carry into execution. He was in entire sympathy with tho even- ing, technical and other schools, for tho establishment of which provision was mado, and ho would bo enly too glad if he had placed at his disposal inonoy which would enable him to carry them into effect. Mr. AVH1TCOMBE said that as far as the second reading was concerned there wera only two points that were debatable. Olio was thu e'ompulsory religious educa- tion as provided in clause 37. He opposed clause Ü7. He did not deny that a certain amount uf religious instruction was neces- sary to the satisfactory bringing up of a child, but it was not the place of the State to interfere. These was no accredited State religion. .The COLONIAL SECRETARY. The lion, member is wrong in using the word conipuKoi-v in i-afarenee to this clause. Mr. AVHITCOWBE: XI take it that obrase 37 makes it compulsory. ' .Mr. HAOKIiTT: If the parent likes he can withdiaw the child. Mr.- AV'HITCOMBE said that the chuiches seemed to east on the State the -*, responsibility of teaching the religion whie-h they themselves should inculcate. The only way to touch religion was by soma accredited porson in holy orders. Tile parrot-liia teaching of a lay person was Ubeless. In other rospocts the Bill would leceivo his support, as it was cal- culated to make our educational system more useful than it was at present. H« seconded the motion. . Tho motion was carried, and on the \- motion of the Colonial Secielary the con- sideration of the Bill in committee was made an order of the day for Thursday. DIVORCE BILL. Second reading (resumed debate.) Mr. HACKETT congratulated Mr. Stone, who inovnd tho second reading, on his speech, which was a distinct addition to the debates of the House. He had treated the subject in the tono that they desired to bee it treated, and if the debate was conducted according to the note which Mr. Stone had stiuck the House would have no reason to be ashamed of it nor the country to bo ashamed of the vote that the House would give, though that vote he firmly believed would bo given against the views entertained by the lion, member. He (Mr. Hackett) intended to mako scarcely any allusion to the religious side of the controversy. He would do little more than draw, atten- tion to the extraordinary fact (which the gentlomen in favour of the Bill might eu yndeavour to explain, but could not altogether explain away) of the association of the institution of marriage in all times ' and places with what they might call a re- ligious sanction. Whether it be in ancient i or modern times, whether the race was white or black, whothor tho religion was Christian, pagan, or any one of the varieties of these two great classes, we always found that they were careful to ' surround- the ceremony of marriage with religious sanctity, and hedge it in in all directions with solemnity and sacredne3s, which surely had a root somewhat deeper in-the human mind than the mere desire for ceremonial or superficial observances. He challenged any one to deny that when they searched history they would find that -whether it was in order to secure the pro- per publicity of the proceeding or to draw the line as sharply as possible between the lawful institution of marriage and that to which this Bill was a step (and a most important step), namely, the creation of licensed concubinage-the nations had unanimously hedged it round with a degree of sanctity which was handed down to their children as a special and lasting heritage. . It SYRS for the House to consi- der whether this ceremony of declaring ? a lawful union between a man and woman had not something to say for itself on behalf of human nature and the needs of the human conscience. He would have liked tho hon. member to have made it plainer why tha principle of divorce ?was a so much more excellent one than the principle of judicial separation. He (Mr Hackett) asked the House to con- sider for a few moments the change which Mr. Stone proposed to mako in the marriage laws. If they took the Bill they would find that the three primary causes for granting divorce were the commission of adultery, desertion, or constant cruelty. He ( would leave the question of sanity over for further consideration. For every- one of those sins, in whatever degree com- mitted, judicial separation lay at the pre- sent moment in tho course of the law. The House should recollect that the penalty of judicial separation was by no means such as what the hon. member would have them to believe. The superiority of divorce to separation had been alluded to by Mr. Stone, but he challenged anyone to say that it had been proven. Tho question the House had to decide was whether the " occurrence of a mistake in a few cases was enough to induce them to agree with the wholesale and sweeping revolution which the Bill entailed in our whole ' moral, . social, and religious system. Wherein lay the special superiority of the decree of divorce? When he asked this question of Mr. Stone an interjection came from Mr. Haynes that it was because it cast ¿8150 to obtain a judicial separation. From that he (Mr. Hackett) inferred that divorce was not only to be a nasty but a cheaper business. Mr HAYNES. It would make it cheaper. Mr. HACKETT: Would the bon. mem- ber claim that it was intended to make divorce cheaper than judicial separation ? If so, it .would only add one moro argument against the Bill. As to the cost of £150, that depended on the lawyer employed. He desiied to ask what it was that induced the bon. member to bring forward the Bill. Mr. CROWDER: He told you. Mr. HACKETT said ho had listened to the speech, but beyond the sentiment that the divorced wife should be allowed to marry again-for what reasons had not beon explained-the bon. member had left the Houso without any ground whatever for supposing that this Bill was demanded by auy largo section of the community, or that if it woro passed into law it would meet with acceptance at tho hands of any large portion of the com- munity. To his mind, whether it wore the helpless or dowu-trodden woman or the tyrannical man, or the general senso of au outraged people, or (what was of nioie impel lance than any of these) the initia- tive ot the Imperial Government, unless tho bon. member waa able to allege some of these grounds in behalf of the Bill, then it came heavily handicapped, and the Houso ought never to carry it into law AVlule the divorcolaw m the Unitod King- dom was giadually broadoning and de- veloping tho Imperial Government was careful not to go loo fast and not to tako onp stan to interfere with the niamage ms'itution oarliei oi fastei than it should he ta^en, md for this obvious reason, that of all matters of legislation it was piiaiarily important that there should be unifomiity in the matter of the marriage lav,- It wis put of the disgrace of the American federal system that it was lett to the states to legislate .as thev pleased in r gard to marriage In oui own country tho Imperial Govern ment shrank from imposing a uniform marriage law, in fact in the United King- dom more than ona law obtained They should endeavoui to coirect this warring legislation lather than bring ono moie dis- cordant eloment into an alieady confltctmg whole A child might bo legitimate m Auatialia, but illegitimate in the United Kingdom. Was the House aware that at this moment the niamage law v. is not only different in Australia and England, but different m A'ictoiia to New South Wales and in both to South Australia9 As if not sitisfied with that, the hon gentleman proposed to add one further chango and a new variety, because the Bill which he liad brougnt into the House to amend and extend the law of divorce intioduced a new marriage system altogether The hon member was endoavouung to launch thom on a down- ward path We had got fal enough away from the xjnglish law, some distance from the A'ietorian lav/-becauso this was in- finitely noise than tho Victo nu Bill-and soi io distance fiom the New South AVales Bill it would "establish a new principle under which niamage in oro patt would bo no mai ungo in auothti, legitimacy would be a question of longitude, and the stain ot illicit biith would belong to pel sons whollj guiltloaS and innocent in themselves. Mr Stone had gone away from one ltnpoi tant a3poet ot tno question, and that was the ehildton It on no other ground it was sufiicitnt to oppose tho Bill in tho ground that they should not add ta tho great burden of human woo and dutro--s which would bo the eftect ot tue present Bill Say what they might the lepioach of a judtcnl sepnation m only a small degree attached to the ctuldian It M IS otheiwise mie g«d to divote.. Tue cmldien ot divoiccd p ueuts cairiud thiougb life a stigiaa and a staui tint was never washed away May ho that was due to the hjpei sonaitivoiiCBS of a. hypeiontical com m uuity, but fioni whatevet cause childmu with the name of divorced patents hanging lound then neck were weighei down by that thiough life, and found it eoaing up like a ghost at eveiy stago ot their career, to pievont them leaching those stations which their ability and conduct entitled them to (Hear, hear ) Mr Stone hadignoied that aapect altogether Tho only relerence ho made to the children was in reply to an interjection by himself (Mr Hacket»* J 'lhe lion niembei was , urging that the object ot the wile who had a nns Lohaving husband was to get away fiom that husband with bei cluluren, m oider to inaiiy and bccuie a biead-wmnoi tor those children whit did that amount to ? In the fiist place, he gathered that the guilty man who deseived punishment, or, at all events, s J mueh as >\ is involved m supporting the children, was to be relieved ot the buiden, and they wet o to be handed over to the now husband-he could haidly say new parent It tins wis the justice involved in the Bill the sooner it was scouted out the better V\ ho was to decide the point ot guilt' Supposing both weie guilty, who ñas to take tue children i Mi HAYNESt that would be gtound foi refusing divorce Mi HACKLETT Yes, but it is one never taken unless collusion is shown. The Imperial Act of 1857 was a large advance of tho Divorce law which hitherto pre- vailed This Bill carried the mattei many stages fuithoi towaids levertiug to the Roman legislation on the subjeet How many stages fuither weie wo to advance towaids ttie absolute untestricted ngnt of conti act of marriage, and what they might tall de-coutiact of marriage in the United States ' It meant no moie than one step to an ordinary agreement between man and woman, justas a man might hue a servant toi a day. That, of course, was the outcome of the match ot this campaign upon winch they were asked to embark It was something moie senous even than that He claimed that the States of Amenca to which he had referred were the logical states. AVhen they once began to tdmpei with the marriage law theio was no half- way house between reducing it to a simple eoutiaet revocable at the will of either paityaudtheieligiousceieinonj in the sense of being witnessed andalmost unreversiblo hythe -itite Dealing with the giounds ot divoice Mi Hackett asked v\ hy the Bill stopped shott at insanity Whj did it not goa step iuitber and forbid parties to many-or give the light ot îevocation -it une oi the othei w is affected with a bodily ailment, say two consumptive or sciolulous persons .' Tneie weie losses to tlie community as gieat nom a diseased body is a diseased mind, in fact a diseased body was the moto serious one of the two The lion memboi (Mt Stone) shtank from that whien was the natural coiollary oi insanity The hon membei had said that ins inity interfered with those bighei purposes foi which ruairia'e was oidained Ho cb illenged the bon member to show how in any degree insane persons foi puiposes of mvr nage differed from paialytical persons Yet, if he introduced the littet into tho Bill such a shout would anse that the Bill would be instantly eonsigned to ob- livion He (Mr Hackett) uiged that the Bill as it stood wis imperfect 'lhere was one cause of. du oiee which was not inserted in it winch was inserted in many of the American Acts, and which was requncd to make it com- plete AVhen it came to a case of mcoin patabihty of temperament, which mado life unendurable to ono 01 the othei, no relief whatever was provided However revolting it might be, tho man or womau had to commit sin before a deciee of divorce could be obtained He asked the Houte befoie it made this fatal plunge to pause and consider whether tho difficulty of levocation of the marriage tie was not a barriei to those unions, unhappily too common, where voung girls aud young men lushed into ?naniago without considering the consé- quences, devoid of piudence or solt íestraint He asked the Houso to thiow out a Bill which was lopugnantto the con- science and the religious sense of, if not the majority, at least an immense minority ot this colony (Hear, hear ) The Bill destroyed that umfotimty which was above all things desiiable in the mai ridge law, and which the Fedeial Con- ventions woio caiehil to secure to the Federal Government as one ot the powers to be exercised in bringing waning legis- lations into haimony It divided the com- munity into parties, it was wholly illogical in itself, and it launched us on a sea for which thero was no port He therefore moved that tho Bill be lead a second time that day six months. (Hear, hear.) Mr R S HAYNES regretted that be could not agiee with the îemarks of the pievious speaker, although he must con- gratulate MI Hackett on the masterly maunei in which he had tieated the sub- ject (Heal, hear) 'The lion membei had dealt with the question trout a theoretical standpoint, but he (Hi Haynes) would endeavoui to treat it from a practical standpoint He was not in favoui of tho Bill in eveiy lespect, but it could be amended in committee As an individual he might voto against the Bill, because tho Cbuich to which ho belonged was opposed to divorco altogethei, but he íepiescnted a section of the com- munity which acknowledged that divorce should bo a fundamental portion of the enactments ot ti e colony Divoice Lad been lecogmsed almost smeo the beginning ot tho world The íeli gions diawn ti oin the Bible vv eie in con iiiet, so that one could not say that the people at present woio in line One section oj.posed divoico, and anothei íe cogmsca it, but said, ' don't let it go any lmthei" Mt Hajucs then retened to the eaily Roman immune laws, which weie succecuïd by the canou lan, the latter being identical with the canon law of the present day. He dealt at length with marriage yäws in Great Britain, and America from the earliest times, and said that thoy could seo what the result of divorce had been in one country and what the result of the want of divorce had been in another. One authority, Bishop, said that the result of the absence of a divorce law in South Carolina had led to a state of concubinage. Thpre was no di- vorce in Franco. Could it be said that the morals of the people were better there than where divorce was permitted ? Mr. HACKETT: Tho military system accounts for that. Mr. HAYNES: Why should not the military system have the same effect in Germany ? Mr. HACKETT : Because they are al- lowed to marry there, but not in France. Mr. HAYNES said that after carefully studying tho Bill he had come to the con- clusion that he should support it. Every practising lawyer was in favour of the Bill. He could relate cases of the most infamous villiany on the part of straight-faced, broad-clothed, low scoundrels. In unde- fended cases for separation in this colony £15 15s. 6d. had to be deposited in fees. The lawyers charges would amount to £100. He said this advisedly, because in a case of that nature a bill was sent out from his own office amounting to £120. The bill had not been shown to him in the first instance. He reduced it, but that was the amount which could legally be charged. Atter the separation was ob- tained, what was the result to the peti- tioner? She was a woman without a name, and experience taught him that, being unable to marry, she would live in prostitution. The New South Wales Divorce Act was introduced by the late Sir Alfred Stephen after nearly 80 years' experience. He was a moral and illus- trious man, and the opinion of such an authority was very weighty. He admitied that the opposition of Mr. Hackett, would be unanswerable if the canon law had not been departed from. If they were going to treat marriage as a civil contract, ordinary circumstances must apply. On the motion of Mr. KIDSON, the debate was adjourned till the following day. JURY BILL. Committee progress (new clauses.) On the motion of Mr. R. S. HAYNES, the order of the day was discharged. RIVERS POLLUTION BILL. Committeo progress. Mr. STONE moved tho following new clause :-" That this Act shall only apply to the municipality of the city of Perth, and that portion of the colony within a radius of 30 miles of the boundaries of such municipality. ' The motion was carried. Progress was reportad, and the third reading made an order of the day for Thursday week. WARRANTS FOR GOODS INDORSE- MENT BILL. The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved the second reading of the Warrants for Goods Indorsement Bill. The motion was carried, the Bill carried through committeo, and the third reading made an order of the day for the following day. FIRE BRIGADES BILL. On the motion of the COLONIAL SECRETARY, the second reading of the Bill was postponed until the following day, ADJOURNMENT. " .r The House adjourned until 4.30 ° next day. . TO-DAY'S BUSINESS. ORDERS OP THE DAY.-Warrants for Goods Indorsement Bill, second reading. Divorce Bill, second reading-adjourned debate (Mr. Kidson). Jury Bill, com- mittee progress (new clauses). Fire Bri- gades Bill, second reading. Juries Deten- tion Bill, second reading. SELECT COMMITTEE.-Report to be pre- sented by Select Committee on the Ship- ping Casualties Bill. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY AUGUST 23. 4.30 p.m. The SPEAKER took the Chair. PAPERS. The fol'owing were laid on the table : By the Colonial Treasurer . Report of the Board of Management of the Fremantle Hospital; by-laws of the municipalities of Kanowna, North Fremantle, and Perth. By the Minister of Mines Report of the Government Geologist for 1897. NOTICES. Mr. HALL gave notice that on Tuesday next he will move-" That in view of the fact that the present restrictions on the importation of fruit to this colony are causing serious inconvenience to con- sumers generally, a Select Committeo of this House be appointed to enquire into tho whole question." Mr. HARPER gave notice that on Wed- nesday next he would move-That in the opinion of this House, it is desirable that a tax be levied upon otchards and vine yards in the colony, with the object of supplying funds for the administration of laws neces- sary lor the suppression or extermination of pests injurious to the same." QUESTIONS. Mr. GREGORY asked the Attorney General : (1) What was the value of the stock in the estate of W. Riley, when placed in charge of the Official Re- ceiver; (2) how long tho said stock was in his possession ; (3) what public effort, by advertisement, ho made to dispose of the said stock ; (4) what amount he ob- tained for the said stock ; (5) whether the Minister was aware that tho Official Re- ceiver was in the habit of disposing of in- solvent estates privately ? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied: (1) As estimated by debtor, land ¿¡2,393 18s. 4d., timber ¿240; (2) 17th July to 31st August, 1897; (3) none, the Official Receiver was not trustee ; (4) tho stock was sold hy the trustee, Mr. O. L. Haines, and not by the Official Receiver ; (5) no. Mr. GREGORY asked the Attorney General: (1) What was the estimated value ef tho Kram and Bluchinore estate, Menzies, when taken over by tho Official Receiver under receiving order ; (2) how long that estate was in his posses- sion ; (3) whether during that period he, by public advertisement, endeavouted to dispose of that estate; (4) what amount he realised from the assets ¡ (5) whether his management entailed a greater loss than the amount realised by him from the assets ; (6) if so, what amount. The ATTORNEY - GENERAL replied (1), according to the statement of affairs filed by tho debtor, ¿S,30S 7s. 2d.; (2) 10th July to 5th December, 1897; (3) No; the order of adjudication was not mado till the 23rd of October, and the 26th Mr. Gregory, who acted as trustoo undor a deed of assignment, applied for leave to set aside the proceedings ; (4) ¿507 los.; (5 and 6) No. WINES, BEER AND SPIRITS SALE AMENDMENT BILL. Tho report of tho Committee was adopted, and a third reading ordered for the following day. LOAN MONEYS RE APPROPRIATION BILL. On the motion of the COLONIAL TREASURER tho Bill was read a first time, and tho second reading ordered for the following day. HEALTH BILL. Committeo progress : Clause 52 (prohibition of sale of milk of diseased cows) : The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved to add the words, " milk shall be deemed to be adulterated when it contains less than 3.5 per cent, of butter fats and 9 per cent, of solids." Agrsed to. THE ATTORNEY-GENERAL said it had been suggested to him that the sub clause should bo altered, which enabled the charge to be dismissed, if the defendant proved ho had taken all reasonable and practicable means to ascertain whether the milk was diseased. He thought to do so would be going too far, and that while it was quite right to protect the consumer, they must not persecute the seller To _ make the dismissal of the charge peimissivo, as had bean suggested instead of directory, would be goirg too far Mr VENN concurred The sub clau e was not omitted Clause 54 (diseased animals or unwhole somo food may be seized) Mt HOLMEb thought this work might bo left to the Central and Local Boards, without calling in the police also, so as to cast the entire ie-ponsibility on the boards By shormg it with the polico, it led to nothing being done He moved to strike out the words "any member of the polico force " The amendment was negatived 'Ihe clause was amended on tho motion of the Attorney-General by making it apply to drugs also Clause 55 (penalty on importation or possession of diseased animals or unwhole- some food) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved to strike out the word '* knowingly," BB as to throw the onus of want of knowledge on the defendant Agreed to The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved to fix the minimum penalty at ¿10 Mr VENN thought the Attorne} General ought to seriously consider whether it was wise, in a colony like this, to fix the minimum so high Mi A FORREST could not agrco with the hon member who had just spoken Ihe fime had arrived wh°n people Tho sold deleterious food to tne Dubbo should be punished, and he d d aot think ¿10 was too high a sum to fix as the minimum fine Mr SOLOMON expressed the opinion that ¿5 would be sufficient to meet tho case 'Ihe ATTORNEY-GENERAL pointed to to the fact that where a high minimum was fixed, the magistrates always struggled to avoid conviction He moved that tho minimum be iix<>d at ¿5 The amendment was agr°<>d to The AT'10RNEY-GENER4.L moved that the tollo ymg *otds be added to the clause -"Or if any poison exposes, or leaves, or cau^>s to be 'eft m any market or saleyard, oi* at any unction, or drives, or causes to he dnv«m, to any mark»t, auction, or saleyard, for sale, any animal suffering from pleuro pneumonia, tuber cubsis, anthrax, fluke, or auy disease or ailment whatsoever, to such an extent as to render such animal, when slaughtered, unfit for human consumption ' He iaid that this profusion was msprted in accord- ance with the wish of the mnmcipal council Mr VENN alluded to tho prevalence of the practice ot ovei diiving cattle and sheep, the carcases of which made very unwholesome meat Cows, also, -"vheu over-dnvpn, ga^e milk that was anfit for human cons imption It was a qnestion whether ioma provision should ^o intro- duced to put a stop to the orstohce The amendment was agrpod to The following piovsion was added to the clause - ' And no officer of the Local Boaid nor any member of t-he police loree, seizing any article of food, ot diugs, or any animal, and no mspectoi of stock or sheep seizing any animal shall be hablo for any costs, expenses, or damages on account of such seizure, if he acted under a reasonable belief that such aiticle of food or drug was unwholesome, or that such animal was diseased " The clause was then agreed to as amended An amendment was made in clause 70, providing that it the defendant in any case lequne the personal attendance of the anal} st he should pay the cost Clause 7G, declannghow expenses should be horne, was struck out, having been covered by ptevious sections Clause 77 (registration of common lodgings) Mr QUINLAN moved as an amendment that the registiation fee be fixed at 10s per annum instead of 5s, as provided m the Bill Agieed to In clause 99 (building not hitherto used as a dwelling not to bo used without consent), the following was inserted - "Piovided that before any new building be occupied as a dwelling house or offices i certificate be obtained from a building sur- veyor .ind oihcei of health declaimg such house or offices to be fit for human occupa- tion " 6 Clause 119 (infectious diseases to be reported) Mr VENN thought the maximum penalty, ¿oO was too high, esnecially m the country districts wheie this law might not become known, and in consequence a hardship might arise 'Hie AHORNE Y GENERAL said the maximum was intended to meet glaring cases 'Ihe clause was amended bv adding sever ii infectious diseases, and by re- quiting the lepotts b} medical men and the occupiei of the house to be made free of chaige 6 30 The CHAIRMAN left the Chair 7 35 ïhe CHAIRMAN íesumed the Chair The Committpe resumed consideration of clause 140 ot the Health Bill, nuisances gcneiallj Sub-^lauso 7 included in the list of nuis- ances any fire placo oi furnace which did not, as 1 it as pi-cticable, consume the smoke ansmg from the combustible n=ed theiem, and which was used tor manufac- turing purposes, and any chimney, not being the chimney of a private dwelling house, sending forth sniok« m such quan- tities as to be a nuisance Mr GEORGE objected to this sub clause on the ground that ii it were agieed to it would causo the closing of nearly every kind ol manufactory m this city to which the Act applied He did not, howevei, object to compelling manufac- turéis to minimise any nuisance +hat might arise from their establishments He moved that the sub section be stiuck out 'Ihe ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the provisions had been in operation since 1S&6, and had not caused the disturbance ot any business 'Hie bon member would see that it was only necessaiy to take reasonable and proper piecauüons against nuisances The prevision was necessat}, in view of the possibility of other factories being started in Peith, and which might cause a groat nuisance it this safeguard were not inserted m tho Act It was necessaiy to protect the public health Mr GEORGE mentioned that some attempt had been made to stop factories in the city, not because of the nuisanco they caused, but for the reason that it was desired to drive them away Mi VOSPER agieed with the Attorney General that it was dosnablo that such stringent provisions should bo retained in tho Bill for the protection of the public health, especially in respect to the lûmes coming fiom the chimneys of manufac- tories Mr FORREST informed the hon mem- ber (Mr George) that the Act would bo dealt with chiefi} by the Local Board of Health, and assured him that no advan- tage would be taken of the provisions of tho Act to do an injury to manufacturers, whom they did not wish to drive away fiom the citv Mr MORGANS said that thousands of pounds had been spent upon the great problem of the consumption of smoke, and up to tho present timo it had not been satisfactorily solved Some alteration in the clause was, ho thought, necessarv Mi VOSPER asked the Attorney General whether provision would be made to meet cases whore noxious fumes issued from chimneys 'Iho ATTORNEY-GENERAL said it was his intention to add a section that would cover the matter (Heal, hear) If tlip hon member who proposed the amend- ment (Mr George) would withdraw it, he would give him an opportunity, befoio the Bill was passed, to assist him in some fair way to inodi%- the provision complained of If that could not be done, however, he would not sacrifice the sub section, be canso ho thought it would bo highly in- judicious to do so Tho amendment was withdraw n The following words were added to tho list of nuisances -' Any dead animal in any house or premises, or on any land, road, street, or thoroughfare, and which causes an offensive smell " Clause 147 (offensive trades) Fish shops and laundries were added to the list Clause 150 (duty of local board lo complain to a Justice of nuisance arising from offensive trades) Amendments were ¡ made m this clause providing that the board should act upon the certificate oE one medical practitioner, and that the complaint might bo heard before one justice of the peace The provision in clsusc lil that ten residents might certifv to prenses being dangerous was altered, the numboi being laducod o six Clau=e lob (lane*! to bo paved) 'Jue AirOxiaEY-GEXERAL said the local Board of Health wished the following words to be struck out " Nothing in this section shall be ta'.en to impose any lia- bility or duty on che C' 0"vn, or any public department or officer" The object was to maka the Government answerable undei this section, and he did not see his way to consent to it This clause bad been taken from the Victorian Government Health Act, and he thought the Government of that colony inserted it advise By The proposal of tho hon membei meant that they should subject the Government of AVestern Australia to a liability which, m his opinion, thev were not in duty bound to pay Mr FORREST said if the Attorney Ganeial psisisted in his desire to retain the provision, he would move that the clause be struck out and divide the Com- mittee upon it Thor asked that the rate- payers should -submit to a furthei taxa- tion, although th«y paid their fan share at present Even when the Government did pay for anything it was not done without a grumble Mr SOLOMON supported the excision of the provision Mr GEORGE, in -supporting tho amend- ment, suggested by the local Board of Heal+h, said tb-j subsidy poid by the Gov- ernment -vas m lieu of rates Che Gov- ernment sho'i'd, m his opinion, pay for the Tork The Ci**y Council was a very much maligned body, but still they had managed to do some good work Mr WOOD Since you left it Mr GEORGE Well, since I left it, if you like. He could not see "vhy the Gov- ernment ahould not pay The PREMIER We want to pay Mr GEORGE Tt is all very well for the Premier to say, ' we want to pay," while Hiis colleague insists on the insertion of «his provision The amendment was agreed to 8 30 Clause 158 (formation of right-of way) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the City Council had suggested that the right of ¡unsdict'-.ou of the Local Court in the case of componsation m i aspect of rights of-way should be inereased hum .£100 to £1,000 Without opposing the suggestion, he thought the committee ought to con- sider the matter Mr FORREST said the su<gge'*s'*-on bad arisen out of the fact that a man bad sued the City Council va. the Suoreme Court a few months ago to reeovnr £600 in respect of a drain The judge awarded £10 damages, but the costs amounted to upwards of £300, which was more than the ratepayers ought to be called upon to pay Had it been possible to bo sued in the Local Court instead of the Supreme Court foi that amount, the costs would nob have been so great He moved ?*« increase the amount to £1,000 Mr LEAKE said he did not see how this could be done without amending the Local Court Statute, which gave jurisdiction only up to £100 If ^ne lion member thought the jurisdiction of the Local Court should be extended, lie would agiee with him Mr I'ORREST said he only wished it to apply to municipal affairs AVhen he told the bon membpi that dunng the last e v days the City Council had been thr«-aten»id with writs tor thousands and thousands of pounds, owing to the defective drainago, he would appreciate +he position It was not the voidiets of the ¡supreme Court that tha council feared, but the costs, and act- ings upon the legal advice **hey had re- ceived, they bad thiught +hat if muni- cipal actions could be dealt with by the local courts the costs would be small, and the latepayers coirespondingly benefited As, however, he was assured that his pio posal would înterfeie with +!*<* junsdiction of othei of the coutts ho wo-VM withdraw it The motion was withdrawn accordingly Clause 107 (penalty on neglect of Local Board to remove lefuse, etc ) Mr GFORGE moved au amendment having for its object the placing of the re- sponsibility for the removal of ruhbish on the ownei as w eil as the occupiei The ATTORNEY-GENERAL opposed the amendment, it being his opinion that the occupiei should be íesponsible and not the owner . Mi FORREST said it was intended by one of the members to bung in aBill amend- ing the Municipal Institutions Act in the courae of a few dajs, and he suggested that the lion member should withdraw his aaieudment and endeavour to have it insetted in the Bill Mr GEORGE withdrew the amendment Clause 172 (power to make sanitaiy 9 regulations) Mr GEORGE moved to insert the words ' ownei oi m the 8th paiagraph, with the object of making owners, as well as occupieis, hablo foi nighr=-oil and rubbish íemovil charges this, he said, would enable boards to collect the chaiges from the owners, instead of looking to the occupieis, who might, as had been the case in tho past, leave without paying their rates and cb irges, oi else be made responsible for the pievious tenant s debt 'lhe amendment was agieed to Clause 178 (powei to charge a pan rate) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved a numbei of amendments, the principal of which had foi then object the omisaion ot the words fixing the annual rate at not less than 10s noi moio than 20s, and leaving the amount ot the chargo open, making the owner as well as the occupiei responsible for the rate, as the board might decide Clause 179 (houses to have priviea) The ATlOKNEY-GENERAL moved an amendment making agents as well as owners responsible Agreed to Mr GEOBGE moved to relievo the occupiers from their responsibility. Negatived Mr GEORGE moved to strike out the same word further down the 9 30 clause, and pointed out that a liability of £5 per day attached to the pei son in default This he character- ised as legislation run mad and oppressive on the working classes Mr FORREST said the City Council had no wish to make the occupier responsible m this waj Sn J G LEE-STEERE said íbero were far moie local boaids outside than maida municipalities, and in thoaO places a large number of peisons lived on Crown pro- perty That being so, tho local boards would be perfectly pov. erless to carry out the sanitary regulations, unless the words " or occupier " were left in Mi VOSPER said the same argument would also apply in the case of tho owners of reaidence aieas Mr GEORGE said the clause did not refer lo the owners of land, but owners of houses The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the Bill was framed to cover districts which woio not m municipalities at all The maximum fine was £5 pet day, but it might really be only 1« a day If the wold " occupier " were stiuck out one half of the Bill would bo practically uselesc Mi AVILSON suggested that a clause be drafted providing that tho occupier might have recouraO to the ownei for the expenses ho mcuired The AriORNEY-GENERAL thought such a provision would bo unfair m the case of .i lease, the conditions of which might bo practicallj over-ridden by the legislation asked for It fiequently hap- pened that leaaos were elected upon con- dition that impiovcuents should W made Mr GEORGE said that the basis of his argument was that the occupiers of small tenements should be protected Mr AVOOD expressed tho opinion that the people whom Mr George wished to befriend woio amplj protected m tho Bill Mr ILLENGAYOR'IH pointed out that if a poot occupier of a tenement found anything wrong with tho back premises, it would bo necessarj for lum to apply to the agent m the absence of tho owner If might, however, happen that the agont would neglect to attend to the work , then the tenant would bo called upon to pay a fine of so much per day, which, in his posi- tion he could not afford, neither could he afford lo pay foi tho impiovemonts de- sired llieae people should be protected. The ATIORNEY-GENERAL said ho would ondeavour to givo offect to the suggestions of the bon. member when the Bill was re-committod. In the meantime ha did not think it would ba advisable to eliminate the word " occipier." Mr. GEORGE then withdrew lug amend- ment, stating his intention, if the Attorney Gonoral did not succeed, in malting the provisions suggested by Mr. Wilson, to moro the re-ciiumittalof the clause for tho purpose of securing îi.s object. Clauso 1CG-prohibition of keeping 10\. swine or unchained dog about tho mises. Mr. HOLMES moved that tho words, "blood, offal," be struck out. Ho did not seo why pigs should not bo allowed to oat blood when the public of Perth ate it every day, and there was no other way of getting rid of it. Mr. ILLINGWORTH said if it were possible to convey disease through the e iting of food it could be done throifgh the medium of blood. The amendment really suggested that the blood and offal at the slaughter-houses should bo manufactured into pork. The Coinmittoe divided on the question that the words proposed to be struck out should stand part if t\ie clause, with tho following rssult: Ayes ... , .12 Noes ... .10 Majority for . .2 AYES. NOES. Pennefather Sir John Forrest Wilson Mr. Locke Leake Forrest (teller) Solomon Quinlan Lefroy Doherty Piesse Venn Illingworth Holmes Vosper Higham Wood (teller) Hall Michell . Connor George Sir J. G. Lee-Steere ' The amendment was therefore negatived. Clause 1S7.-Paving aud draining of abattoirs, stables, etc. Mr. HOLMES moved that the words "cow yards" be struck out. He did not see why the paving of cow yards should be enforced. The amendment waa agreed to, as well as other amendments striking out provisions that yards connected with abattoirs or in which animals intended for slaughter were drafted should b» paved or asphalted. Wood blocks were added to the list of materials with which the flagging might be constructed. Progress i was reported, and leave'given to sit again on the following day. BILLS FROM THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.' Messagps were received from tho Legis- lativa Council forwarding, with amend- ments, tho Bill to facilitate the promotion and recovery of Crown property, and ask- ing the concurrence of the Assembly there- in ; and the Police Act Amendment Bill. Consideration of the amendments in the former measure was made an order of the day for next day> The Police Act amendment Bill was road a first time «ud the second reading made an order for Thursday next. AGRICULTURAL BANK ACT AMEND- MENT BILL. , The order of the day for the second reading of this Bill was discharged, on the motion of the COLONIAL TREASURER. ADJOURNMENT. 1030 The House adjourned till 4.30 p.m. on the following day. TO-DAY'S BUSINESS. QUESTIONS.-1. Mr. Holmes, to ask the Commissioner of Railways : (1) Whether it is the intention of the department to appoint a railway storekeeper in addition to the Governmpnt stoi-pkeeper and the officer in charge of the public works stores ? (2) If so, what necessity there is for. these three departments and officers? 2. Mr. Holmes, to ask the Director [of Public Works : What ara the duties of the Go- vernment electrician attached to the Architectural Division of the Public Works Department? Ö. Mr. Holmes, to ask the Director . of Public Works (1) Whether he is aware fhat a number of persons have been summoned at Fremantle fer crossing the railway line from the new river wharf to the town, and that great inconvenience and loss has bepn experienced by those having business to transact at that place ; (2) whpfher ho will provide overhead com- munication at a convenient point. 4. Mr. Higham, to ask the Premier. (1) What aie the hours of labour in the Colonial Stores for the manual and clerical staffs, both permanent and temporary ; (2) whether it is proposed that these men, when removed to the new stores at North Fremantle, should work from 7.20 a.m. to 5 p.m., with one hour allowed for lunch ; (3) also, whether it is correct that those on the temporary staff are expected to work overtimo without extra remuneration. 5\. Mr. Conolly, to ask the Premier What steps the Government intend to take ¿or the restriction of rabbits on the south coast. G. Mr. Hall, to ask the Premier. Whether, in view of the proposal to dis- pense with the services of a number of the employees of the ])iiblic service, it is the intention of the Government to retain, as far as practicable those officers who have shown their confidence in the colony by settling therein with their wives and families, ¡is against those whose families are in the Eastern co lonies. 7. Mr. Leake, to ask the Premier Whether m estimating the cash debit balance on last year's ac- counts any, and, if so, what sum is repre- sented by stores. 8. Mr. Wilson, to ask the Colonial Treasurer (1) What is the number of defalcations or embezzlements by officers of the Depart- ments under the control of the Postmaster General for the period July 1, 1896, to July 31, 1S9S ; (2) at what offices they occurred, and what were the amounts in each case ; (3) over what period the em- bezzlements extended in each case ; (4) in what branches the defalcations or em- bezzlements occurred, or to what branches the moneys embezzled belonged; (5) what amounts have been recovered in each case, and what periods elapsed between dates of discovery and dates of payment of deficiencies ; (6) by whom the defalcations or embezzlements wera discovered, and what punishment, if any, has been inflicted upon tho guilty persons ; (7) whether any ot the ofiences have been condoned ; if so, why, and by whose authority ; (8) what is the total amount of loss to the Government. 9\. Mr. Oldham, to ask the Director of Public Works : (1) Whether it is true that the surveyors who are engaged surveying the pipes track for the Coolgardie Water Supply Scheme ara taking cross-sections of the ground ; (2) If so, why so ? REPORT OP SELECT COMMITTEE. - Perth Water Supply and administration of Metropolitan Waterworks Board, Select Committee to report. NOTICES OF MOTION.-1. Sir John Forrest, to move : That, in addition to tho business days and hours agreed to on Tuesday, 21st July, 1898, the House meet for the despatch of business on Mondays at 7.30 p.m. 2. Mr. Monger, to move : That in the opinion of this House it is con- sidered desirable that the Government should re-introduco the system of urgent telegrams. 3. Mr. Conolly, to move : That in the opinion of this House the message which was despatched by the Postmaster General to the mayor and council of Esper- ance on tho subject of the mail service be- tween Esperance and Norseman, coming irom the head of a departmant, was highly improper. 4. Sir John Forrest, to move : That tho House do now resolve itself into a committee of the whole for the purpose of iconsidering certain duties of Custom and excise. 5. Mr. Hai-for, to move : That in the opinion of this House it is desirable that a tax bo levied upon shoop in the South-West Division of the colony, with the object of offering special bjauscs for tho production of the carcases of wild dogs within the South-W«st Division. ORDERS OF THE DAY.-1. Wines, Beer, and Spirit Salo Amendment Bill: To bo read a third time. 2. Extension of the 'Franchise to Women : Adjourned debate (Mr. "Wal- lace) upon the following motion, proposed hy Mr. James : That in the opinion of this House, the best interests of the colony justify the extension of tho franchise to women. 3. Prevention of Crimes Bill : Second reading-Adjourned debate (Mr. Vosper). 4\. Bills of Sale Bill : Second reading Adjourned debate (Mr. Leake). 5. Early Closing Bill : To bo read a second timo. 6\. Local Courts Evidence Bill : To be road a second time. 7. Re-appropriation of Loan Moneys Bill:. To bo road a second timo. 8\. Estimates-Committee of Supply-Pro- gress (ilr. Leake) : Vote, His Excellency tho Governor, £1,035. 9. Health Bill: Com- mittee Progress - Clauso 190 10. Gold Mines Bill : Second reading-Adjourned debato (Mr Moran). 11. Crown Suits Bill : Consideration in Committoe of Legislativo Council's Message No. 5. 12. Land Bill : Committoo rjrogrcss-Postponed clause 94. 