OUT "Water Question. WET are now approaching the end of May, and so far this district has not been favoured with anything like the good rain that is needed to warrant the hope that a fair season is ahead nor to rid us of the fear of a water famine. Beetaloo can now only be depended on to supply the two and a half million gallons a week which flow into it from the contiguous springs, and this is qurte inadequate to cope with the demand that will be made upon it early in the spring should the winter prove a dry one, As it is the water is so scarce that the GovernsneEt still finds it necessary to impose the price of 6s. per 1000, which is having a ruin ous effect on many of those who have l3rge dairy herds and no facilities for watering them save through the Beetaloo taps. Ifc is true that when Parliament meets the Government is going to try and push the Bandaleer scheme through, a course which it affirms will greatly relieve the strain on Beetaloo. Should the measure he passed, however, a long time must elapse before the- water will be available, and in the meantime what is to become of the country which depends wholly upon Beetaloo for its water supply ? We don't wish to pose as alarmists, but it seems to us that our case is so hard that it is the duty of those in authoiity to do' all in their power to place beyond the possibility of a recurrengu the dire extremity in whieh so many of the producers have been placed this year. Forewarned ought to be forearmed, and we hope the Government will show itself alive to our necessity by exhausting every means at its disposal to ensure os a supply of water for the coming dry season. The decision to go on with the bore has naturally given much satisfaction. It is a pity, however, that the further depth to which it lias been decided to go should have been limited to 200 feet- A study of the depths at which good supplies of fresh water have been struck in| Australia leads to the conclusion that it is not much use to expect success- at a less depth than 1000 feet. In view of this the resolve to abandon the Port Pirie bore at 800 feet if water be not obtained seems to us to be- unwise. On our fourth page we reprint an article from the Scientific American, supplied t& us by Mr. William Goode, which strengthens ttoe opinion put forward locally that the Government Geologist was wrong - in concluding that because the drill had struck granite there was no prospect of getting good water. In the-case under notice it ^Was after- passing through a heavy, deep band of granite that the artesian stream was tapped. In addition to'Mr. Goode, to whose unceasing agitation is ehiefly due the restarting of the bore, Mr. Simons has given the subject of our water supply a great deal of unremitting attention. He has suggested several schemes whereby our supply might be supplemented, and has collected a lot of useful data bearing on the matter. What seems to us a feasible scheme is that of replenishing Beetaloo from Caltowie by means of a pipe from Hughes's Gap. The water would have an easy flow from Caltowie to the place named, and local residents assure us that there is an unlimited supply of water of splendid quality easy accessible there. Effect could be given qjickly and cheaply to this scheme, and under the circumstances it merits the attention o the Government as a means of relieving the difficulty which at present confronts the district. TENNIS CLUB.—A meeting of members of the Tennis Cljb to consider the ques'ion of improvements to the ground will 1)3 held on Wednesday ni^ht at 7.S0 p.m. PORT PIHIE HOSPITAL.—Since our last isaue four typhoid patients have, been discharged from the Hospital, and two fresh cases ;uimined. There aie now only fourteen patients in the institution, all of uhoiu aie auH'crin-; from typhoid. I THE DRY CREEK SMELTEKS. —It has beon persistently rumoured here during the past fortnight that the Dry Creek Smelting; Company was about to transfer its operations to Port Pirie. We have it on reliable authoiity Lhat there ia not the slightest foundation for the report. THE United Christian Endeavour quarterly rally was held in the Bible Christian Church on Wednesday evening last. The attendance was fair. The following societies were represented : —Baptist, Congregational, Bible Christian, and Wesleyan. The Rev. S. J. Batten occupied the chair, and in a short, stirring address impressed the Endeavourers with the necessity of doing active and aggressive work. After the various societies had given their greetings, addresses were given by Mr. F. Bond on the "Endeav&urer;'s duty to the church." and Mr. W, Regan on " the Eudeavourer'a responsibility to the world." The subjects were dealt With in a very forcible manner and altogether the rally waemuch appreciated and helpful. GREEN'S PLAINS.—A slice of humour by the Greeu's Plains correspondent of the Wallaroo paper:—"Nearly two inches of rsrin since Saturday last! The land has not h;vd such a soaking for some years. The dams and tanks are all more or less full, and the farniem are now In a position to sauce the water pest fors month or two, but will pTobably refrain from doing so at least till they ESQ how their appenlafor rebate on excess of rates, double charges for water, and so forth, turn out.—Seeding will be pushed on now to tha bitter end in the Bure and certain hope that the season will be all that can be desired if it does not turn out otherwise. We remember now that we always aald we knew wa tlmu^hfc like Sir Charles that it would be a very wet winter if sufficient rain fell and that it would set in early if it came soon. We- are now busy planting split peas and cabbages, pruning turnips, and FO forth. We badbeautifully whits fro3t last night." A GHOST.—A Barrier Miner telegram eajsthat a "ghost" has been disturbing the inhabitants ol Colac for some nights past. After several people and horaeshad been scared by the apparition-—two or three ladies" had fainted on seeing it— a series of investigations was carried out. As a result, the inquirers have discovered that a big lame bird has been made to fly about with a Sliinese lantern tied- to its tail. THE ELITE VAUDEVILLE COMTANT.— The abore company will appear in the Institute to-night in an attractive and varied programme. The 1 combination one of the best that has visited Port Pirie for a lbng time, the names of Messis PopB and Sayles being a sufficient guaran tee that the minstrel part of the-business will be of a high order. Messrs Cray don, Delohezy, and Holland are versatile artists in the comic and terpEichorean line, and Misses Gelia Ghiloni, Lulu Cleveland, and Emmie Smith are gifted with fine vocal ability. Misses Thorn and Dell sing and dance gracefully, and the Lennore Brothers are spoken of as " marvellous acrobatic contortionists The compauy giver a performance that hits the taste of thos& who enjoy healthy fun ind good music. CREMATION.—The City correspondent •f the Clare paper writes :—"The fact of the Anglican 1 synod having passed motion in favour of cremation at its meetings should once more bring that method of disposing of the dead- under public attention-. Biit for the opposition of the residents of the district which the building W»B to have been situated Adelaide would have had & crematory to-day. As an intelligent people Adelaideans should provide ia some more modern manner than that in use for disposing of their dead, and despite opposition I am of opinion that the crematory will era long become- an accomplished fact." INSTITUTE.—The monthly meeting of the Institute Committee was held last Friday evening. There were- present: : — Mr. T. Mansom (President) in the chair, and Messra. L. J. Wilcher, W. K. Mallyon, A. Cottell, D? T. Gibson. M. C. Copinger, J. G. Lewis (Treasurer), H. Cooker (secretary), and Rers. L. Durno and S. Rossiter. An apology was accepted from Mr. M. L. Warren for nonattendance. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. P. McM. Glynn; M.P., for his able address on the Commonwealth Bill. Currespr-ndence was received from the Library Association of Australasia re proposed Conference at Sydney next September, and from Mr. T1 iTing, Director of the Public Library, advising on the position of the Building Committee. It was decided to subscribe for four Library Association memberships' annually to be issued to the president, vice-presidents (2), treasurer, and secretary in their official capacities. Mr. King's letter caused considerable discussion, aud the feeling of the meeting was that the infornaatioD on which Mr. King' s communication was based was misleading. Mr. Mallyou moved, and Mr. Lewis seconded, " That the president, ecretary, and the mover, be empowered to reply to Mr. King to the effect that the Institute's enquiry was written under a misconception of certain facts relating to the Building Committee." The treasurer's report disclosed a bankbalance of £34 Is. 6L, and accounts amounting to £10 13*. 2d. were passed for payment. Oa the proposition of Messrs. Rossiter and Durno it was decided to tike t.lie Contemporary Review and the Niiientcenth Century Maqritincs for the reading-sonra. The secretary announced the arriv il of a pared of 50 now books, bringing the total added for the up to 350. LETER OF CONDOLENCE.—At last night's meeting of the Counsil it was resolved to forward the following letter of condolence to the widow of the late Right-Hon. William Ewart Gladstone :—" Hunored and respected madam, —We beg to offer you most respectfully, on behalf of the town of Port Pirie, South Australia, with what deep regret and genuine sympathy we have received the news of the death of your deeply-loved and honored husband William Ewart Gladstone, whose name has been so long associated with the great Empire of which we form part. We desire to expresB our profound admiration of the splendid and magnificent services he has rendered to the British nation, our deep veneration of se noble and patriotio a life, and to live ia thueame century and to speak the same language, ana belong to the same people is a privilege that has been forcibly brought to bear upon us by the wonderful achievements associated with the great and world-honored name of William Ewart Gladstone. Ag«u» most respectfully asking yon to our deepest sympathy, we are, madam,, yours in sincerest sympathy. (Here foL low the signatures of the Mayor, Town- Clerk and Councillors.^ ^IGHTMKNiTO THE CORPORATION.—At last night's meeting of the Corporationthe following application, were receivedfor the position of .nightman :—-G. HAF^ E. Good, John Goodyer, and Williaoi Hards. After some discussion a ballot was-taken-, which resulted in the appointmektofW. Harda, West Ward: G. Hart ..North and South W«rde ; J, Goodyer[. Solomontown Ward, 