THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of nutural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the 'adepts, as these queer Hindus are called, for finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvilly, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskirt manuscripts- An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. 'I can't see to read, here,' said the visitor. ?' Then I will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it hid one strange quality— ^'it casi not the slightest shadow. This a. story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights 'you' have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with ones own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at- the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example : — 'In the spring of 1 S88,' writes o.ir corre spondent, 'I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at my chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from ner vousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Oft and on 1 continued in this way for two years nothing that I look relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and | procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I tound relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D, Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, llockley Hill, Birmingham, June Sib, 1S93.' There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified with out more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answers letters of inquiry, and can be found at bis address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, fuvms, or phmsvs of that universal disease — indigestion and d spi'psia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happi ness over hearts and bonus where illness ami pain had cast such (lark an.i terrifvin-; ??.'inflows. And that is why people believe all lii.U is told of its success by eager witnesses. 