THE JiJJOSE'S NUGGET. CHAPi'ER I. Mr Justice Bolt was a three bottle man, and. when on circuit, h-s wake, po to speak, danced with a gh.jst.ly ' following' oi' '? dead m.irine-i.'' Pnv ;ill his festhetia appreciation of ;i mallow vintage, h wever,_ he was nqt.a mellow sou!. He was what is known as a 'hanging' judge, and a3 such presented th's strange anomaly — that, altho igh he had been hanging for twenty years, he uad never grown teader. Mr Justice Bolt had opened the Winton Summer Assizes in jvl the glory of brazen blown trumpets and javelin men. He had nl'ed through ttie. s. Teats in the sheriff's fine coach, bobbing his little bewigged head no.v ani a2ain li^e an ad'ler at the window, as if he wer^ impr soue.d in a glass bos and wanted to be let out to striken 'Jha faces that he pissed iri review he had s-crutinise-1 with the practised eye of a butcher thridding thi pens at a caifcle fair, and many a nervous wrong-doer had dropped his bas fui li&i; before that set flat counten . ance and the scu'let robe beneath ir, in which his conscious fouI *'? saw reel,'' accord ing to the French phiase. It had been a fat list of indictments — quite a little harvest of wild oats to submit to thsthrt-shing — and at night, in the judge's ledgings, his honor spent a' luxurious hour over his bottle in foretasting the emotions he was to ftnalyt-e t-n 'be nurrow. , He had had piofessiooal company to din ner, but it had left him at a late hour, and 'he was finishing his jorum alone. A. warm .July day , had settled, into a- cantankerous night. The wind blew and the rain trickled in drenching storms on the window panes, and .there was nothing mor^ than this wanted 10 confirm the ruddy comfort of the situa tion, for Mr Justice Bolt, curling up his bibulous toes in ecstasy, could contrast his condition with that ot homeless wanderers shuffling thfiir way over the ponded pave ;ments outside. ' * * JNow, it is a question whether or no at a particular stage of the judge's glowing ruminations, sleep overtook him. It is cer tain, however, that, suJdenly .opening his eyes (which were so red-rimmed as' to give nun the appearance of looking 'through rose colored spectacles'), their sleepy gaze twinkled to consciousne-ss of a stranger in the room. Mr Justice Bolt struggled into a pitting po.-ture from one that, it must be eonfe-sad, was a little inelegant for a digaitary of the King's Bench. ' What !' he began, in, some thick amaze ment. , ' Hawker, the , -judge's, confidential body-, servant^ came grimly to the front. 'The man as . wrote the letter, - sir,' ho said. 'He was to be shown in at 'any time.' ' ' t , , The ^sentence was snapped* out, but a trained capacity for seizing a clue in the very moment ot waking, enabled the judge to scmewhat recover himself in ifcs passing.*' He leant forward and fixedly scrutinised the figure standing mutely before^him.^ It was that, of ii thin melancholy mail of average height, its ageing face trending downwards from a puckered forehead to a loose, weak chin, its large blue eyes — full of -weary ap peal — sitting in such pcckets'of undeflids as gave them the appearance of little time pieces hal£ returned, to their fobs. Its clothes — quite quakerishly n -at in their way— swallow-tail, knee- breeche*, stockings, all of a decent amber color, were sipped with water, and it held a plain cocked hat pre3sed ' nervously against its chest. '? Hawker,'' said his master, 'you can go.' The servant withdrew, and shut the door behind him : and Mr Justice Bolt very de liberately poure 1 himself out another glads' of wine,' which he drank in recurrent, enjoy ing sips, as if it were the first tap of the night. V He took no notice whatever of the stranger — who stood where he had originally sta tioned himself, in the middle of a* ringed pattern in the carpet, like one fixed within a magic circle, and only ventured to occasion ally shift thy centre 'oE gravity from foot to foot — but finished his bottle, yawned, wound up his w:itc;h, and tnen,' leaning forward—; with #the expression of a man to whom the cream of the nisht is done with — rested his elbows on those of his chair, and clasped his finders lightly together. A portentous sniff brought his brows into a perpendicular line. \- . '? llow dare you, sir ?' he said angrily. '? I humbly beg your pardon, my lord,' said the man. - ' What are you doing here ? Are you a housebreaker 2' ' Oh, my lord, my lord !'? ' State your business, then.' '; The letter, my lord,. I humbly ventured to hype that your lordship would answer ic.-' ' What letter'? 'If it was- anything rele vant to any person awaiting his trial, rest assured I have burnt it. That is my reply to all sudi criminal trash. But I can, and wi',1, score the anonymous writers whenever I lay hands on themv You do well to walk into the lion's den, sir.' He rose with a very grim expression, and made as if to jerk at the' bell rope. The stranger grovelled in his abasement, but he did not move or protest. Possibly his large eyes were the windows of a particularly far se-ing acumens , , The judge pulled himself, a little embar rassed, to a halt. ' But,' said he, ' perhaps the' gist of 'your letter was other than that ?' * ? ' ' '? Far obher, sir.' Mr Justice Bolt pat himself down again,1 crossed his legs, and made, a Gothic arch of his fingers to support his chin. *' Quote it,' said he,- ' and be brieC.' The man stirred, hesitated, and, coming finally out of his circle, advanced a few paces, and leant the knuckles of one hand upon the table, and his body forward. ' Word for word, my lord ? I can.' 'Don't take me into your confidence, fellow. You have, you protest, a statement to make, and — ' he paused, frowned,. -and' added, with a menacing note of warning : ' I will check it from memory.' The ghost of a deprecating smile flitted across the stranger's mouth. 'That is the bist I could ask,'- said\heV ' and here are the very words 1 1 presumed to' address to. your lordship.' '; Fresh from the tempest of water, his speech should have flowed, glibly ;. yet, for all his humid physiogqnomyj he had to moistea his lips with his tongue before he could proceed. ' William B'.yfle'et will bie arraigned bsfore your Honor on a true bill for robbery on the high road. A sweet, rare reward awaits the judge as shall acquit William Bvfleer. The writer of this will call for an answer in the course of the ,. evening .before the trial.. Signed, ' Falling ;Star.'^' ?' Mr Ju3t;ce Bolt fixed ths speaker with an enduring scowl. ., ?..../..'.??,. . v, \ . , . ' My lord,'' said the latterr; ';there is the statement in verbal facsimile.''/, ;.'. : , ' And you honor my peccability' to the extent of assuming it open to this pitiful argumentura ad invidiam ?'?'- - -\:-' / . »' With humility, I do, my lord.'-. ,:?-?:; Mr Justice Bolt did not even start. ' You are a character^ I see,5' said he, nod ding his head.? 'Why are you so anxious to save this particular William ?' .' 'He is- my confederate.' , , .' Aii- invaluable one, to set. against this considers ble, but, -; unfortunately, ? vague offer.^ ;. . ; ?/ ,. '.,'-.v -. ': ^ ;?.-..- ?'-.. -,*,. ' My lord, the offer is only nebulous till it is accepted.' ' ' ,' 'l' see. And what, is ?William's market price?': -??;:?'*; ?' -: w-w-v:^:- -:'- '.-'' ? : ?? ' 'it is eyerything to- nie. .-. ..He has the couragei the nerve, the adroitness, that I lack. In privacy, Icaa adjust, even design, the machinery which sets him going. He is all of the timepiece but the escapement, and that am. I:' \\. ' Not all, I think— not all.' ' My lord, I am at this pass, desperate. But there is something else — something 1 know your lordship is intending to ask me ?' Mr Justice Bolt permitted himself a little lowering smile. 'The meaning of the pseudonym of the writer of the scribble,' said he. 'I knew j^' said the stranger, with a triumphant, catch in his voice. ' I dared to put to the. teat the report that — the report that ? ' ' An incorruptible judge of crime is not necessa-.ily a judge ot what predisposes to it' '? My Icrd, you are great. Humbly, my lord ; before you try a criminal, you should try tne crime, nn-i — fee how you like it.' '' 1 am particularly aum«u. !Sow, sir, you have something to explain.' ' My lord, listen to me. Threa evenings ago. sick at heart over the foul cantrip of fortune that had left me an inveterbrate and sinew!e?s remnant of a c mfederacy, I wan dered afield into the country, seeking to find in the contemplation of Nature some solace of my misery.' ': You can cut that,' said the ]udge. '? As short as possible. It was a sweet, calm night. Penetrating itito the less ire qu?nted .paths of the neighborhood, the lowing of dibtaut stalled cattle, the late song of the n ghtingale, the veiy dewy fragrance of the t:rass — ' '1 have an irradicable hatred of poets,' paid Mr Justice Bolt. 'Cows low wh*n they are bursting with milk, ami then the noise is abominable ; and when the grass is wet it bursts one's boots, and there's not a post could afford a guinea for a pair of new ones.' -Very well, my lord. But- at least, I must teil you tho sky was as clear as ? '* ' Your djierinina];ion to annoy me. Speak without simile, sir. or not at all. Facts aro like nothing but themselves ; and I tell you poets are the tutors of falsehood.' ' The sky was i.erfectiy clear and starry, aud traversed occisionally by a meteor.' Mr Justice Bolt nodded. ' That is the vein,' said he. ' I had entered a deep v thicket, close and; silent as— oh, my loi'd ! as nothing at all ?_ and was seated sadly upon a stump, wheu in -a moment there came a roar :md v rush through the air, and a blinding flash that half stunned me. I fell from my perch,- as if I had been — as if I had fallen -from my perch, and 1'ay'for I know not how long in a state of semi-stupor.' , ,., , ' And then you came to?' ' And then 1 came to, ' to find that a meteorite — a falling star — had plunged into that very copse within a dozen yards of where I sat.' , The speaker 'was worked up to' a 'stateof experimental excitement. The,hcarer looked at him quite cool, and a little ironical. .'|And that, id the treasure,' said the latter, ' Miat you offer in exchange far William Byfleet .'' 'My lord,- it lies half buried .in' an1 un trodden thicket ; but. sooner or1 later .some bind must happen on it. At present I alone know of it ; I alone ban point your lordship out the place.' ' And help me to cart the wonder to my museum, I suppose ?' ? The stranger, all strung up and inspired, moved a step nearer. ' Do you know the composition of as teroids ?''' he said, in a hoarse, eager whisper. i: Pooh' ! ' An astronomer 1 The creature is at the other end of the rope to the poet. The fools- pull against one'another. .The melancholy,- man heave'd out a deep sigh. Then he spoke slowly,' emphasising each word with a struggle of his forefinger : ' My lord, at least two-thirds of this stone are virgin go,ld,' running out of a nest of cells like honey from a comb.' , -, - ? A loag pause ensued. .The man drew back, as if he dared a refutation ; the judge main tained his incredulous smile. 'Is William worth all that?' said the latter, at length. 1 ' That, ani more, sir, to me. .This treasure, so far as 1 am concerned, is a white elephant. Suspected, watched. ' my every ' movement criticised, -how could 1 secure this mighty lump, or realise on it were I' (which is im possible) to successfully accomplish its re in ival ?, But i can trade on the 'knowledge of it, and thai I .am doing.' He stood etecfc and pulled himself together. ' It is now midnight,' he said. ' .it five o'clock I shall be posted opposite the Hos-' pital of Sfc Cross on the Southampton-road, prepared lo lead your lordship tj the place. Does your\ndship once see the sstone, you will', I dare to feel convinced, find a flaw to morrow in the indictment.' ik *[ ' Harkee,' now ! What d'ye value the treasure at roughly ?' ? f ? ' Ten thousand pound?, if a penny.' ' But, man, you forget my position — the scandal, were I seen. If I go, ic must be by proxy.' - The stranger hesitated. '?How should I know- your lordship's ac-~ credited ageat ?' '- Mr Justic i Bolt drew a copper penny from his pocket, and engraved a. &t; Andrew's cross on the face of it with his gold tooth-pick. ' You see,' said he ; ' he shall show you tbatl and, for the rest, believe me Ihave studied where to give my confidence aud have it respected.' ? v Ki You will abide by the report ?' .'Absolutely.' '» The next moment the judge was alone. r ' i .: CHAPTER- II. Hawkerlenter^d the room softly, closed the door, and came and stood before his master. Mr Justice Bolt smiled very blandly and pleasantly. '? I rang for you, Hawker,' he said, ' be cause it occurred to me that you are a very worthy fellow, and I thought perhaps you would like to know my opinion.' ' Mine is.' ? said Hawker, ' that you'd' better get to bed.' ' Pooh ! Justice never sleep?.' , ' Don't it ? It shuts its eyes to a good deal, any way.' 11 Ah ! You've reason to know, have you? Certainly I do Hawker ; I'll grant you that. And has Miss Huagins named the happy day jet?' '.No, she-ain't.' Mr Justice Bolt winked, and sat himself a little more upright. ' You have now been in my service,' said he, ' for seven years, nine monfcLs, and the greater part of the week, and during the whole of that time you have never once made it evident that you have subordinated my interests to your own.' .'I does-'my dooty,' said Hawker. ' Nobly ; my fine fellow ; and like a veri table John Bull, you make your very virtues pay you a handsome dividend,' -, ^;: - 'A servant has to live by his wits.' . 'And what an investment yours are !— eh, Hawker, eh? Now don't; tell me .you!' haven't a snug little^ competence packed away somewhere in a' strong box ?' ' iou might roll my savings into a pellet and carry it in your wisdom tooth.' ? ' Like a conjurer, eh? and then open my moiith and reel out half a mile of securities. Well,: it shall never be said, of me that 1 was churlish ;to fidelity, and here is my oppor tunity at last to make you a substantial acknowledgment of your devotion.' . 'Hawker's eyes glistened. ? ? 'You was always a gentleman aftex-my own heart,' he .murmured. I. ? ;;?;?.' I'm not after 'yotir hearty. Hawker, but your pocket.' 1 . 'Eh !',:;:'? ?-:? . . ??:-'; ,-: ??:? Mr Justice Bolt went into a fit of laughter. 'Why,' he. gasped, 'wiping his eyes ;;. ' you've lined it at my expense, you know. . I'm only asking ^f or a little ;;returri On my ? own capital. : But there, Til not beat about the bush any longer. Give me a cheque for * ^500, and you shall have the stone.' '? ? 'You are at your jokes,' snid the man, sulkily. ' What do I know of any stone ?' ' Why, as much as 1 do. Tush, my dear soul ! would you really, at tnis date, .flatter my credulity so far as to assume me ignorant of the fact that your ear was at the key hole all the time ? You are an astute rascal, Haw&er;, and you will judge this a safe sptculation, I think. The man's manner bore the impress of truth, and 1 fancy I have the. reputation for being the reverse of gullible. The fact that he offered to show it me before the trial is a sufficient guarantee of its l/ona fides. 1- can't afford to meddle with if iu the crude. I honestly confess that to you. At the same time, I think myself entitled to my comiii ssion.' \ -\ ?' A great one to be sure.' j 'On ten thousand pounds? Go to, you varlet ! And this is your ' gratitu Je for my munificence ?' %- I haven't five hundred penca in the world .'^ ' I never supposed you had. Who carries five hundred pcuce about with him ?'' ' Bring it within reason, sir.' ' You have cottages, title deeds ; oh ! I know, 1 know my friend.' ' You must let me sec the nugget first.' , ''What nugget ? Oh, Hawker, Hawier ! You will pick oakum yet. Well, 1 suppose | i must condescend to a 'bargain ; but money down, my good soul, cr no token penny for you to carry to iSl Cro's.' :- .*? :!: Ten minutes later Mr Justice Bolt, with only his own thoughts for 'company, was pleasantly engaged in folding and stowing away in his pocket-book a gum of two hun dred pounds in crisp virgin notes. And as he did so his soul was full of song, and he hummed to himself something like the fol lowing little recitative : — ' A token for you, Hawker, from a kind, good master. Teu thousand pounds for two hundred ; and for the kind master two hun dred pounds for a. penny. Which is the better baigain, I wonder ? Oh, I hope yours, Hawker ! And so it is sure to be, unless 1 recognise in 'William Byfleet and his friend o£ to-night a couple of ingenious rogues, who many years ago were transported— for what ? Why, surely, for faking up base mclal look like pieciuiid I Dear, dear, how time nVs. Aud I was junior Jor the defence then. We grow old — we grow old. Perhaps, before the court sits, I had better give brother Ames, who prosecutes, the btraighfc tip. lie'll accommodate me, I know, if he can find the necessary witness. For faking up base metal — dear, dear, dear ; what an im moral age wa Jive in, to be sure 1' , CHAPTER III. , Mr Justice Bolt, sitting in his great chair in his Court of As3izes, stooped his h*.ad down eo that his face looked, out between the gorgeousjnosijgays that stood -on either side of his de3k. - And here again he sug gested an adder ; only 'out of hia box now and making something fearful of the flowers. Moving his eyes in an immovable countcn ancej their glance identified in a flash a couple standing at the back of the crowd in the well of the Court — Hawker, to wit, with a warm, jubilant expression about his mouth ; and, - beside him, the haggard, melancholy figure of tlie stranger of the night befoie. Mr Justice Bolt, uttering a little inward purr of satisfaction, leant back in hia chair and made the ghost of a sign (collusion be tween Bench and Bar, the wicked old Tib !) to the prosecuting counsel. Was everghc^t, however, so , weighted with meaning / It might have shaken the Court in its walking —for this was how brother Ame-, who 'was possessed of the key to tho enigma, inter preted its signification : ' It's alf. right, old boy. They're in Court, and you can pro duce your witness. The rogue has kept his appointment on the Southampton-road and shown Hawker the fakefi-up stone ; and Hawker has swallowed the bait, and, judg ing by his expression, has found it very much to his liking. Now strike, my friend, and play him 1' ^ All this, one must conclude, brother Ames, premonished, rt ad in that impalpable Hiero glyphic oE a wink. At- -any rate, he curtly disposed of the witness with whom he was dravvlingiy eDgaged at the moment, and, giving the tail of his eye to William byfleet, who stood in the dock — a very villainous contrast, to his confederate — called suavely and relishingly for one -Jonathan Pilbrow. ? The witness — a little; ferret-eyed fellow iu a bob wig — got deliberately into the' bo c. ' I believe,' said 'the piosecuting counsel, after the usual,brow- beat;hgpreamole, '? that you are' a toy merchants '5 -'. ? ? '.Yes, I am,' ' And a bit of a universal genius, eh ?' ' There's no one to stand beside me 'but myself,' said the witness, waggishly. ?' And very good company; too,' said coun sel ; '? aud the only one you .favor with your confidence, no doubt.' ^'It ain't likely to give me away, any how,' said the witness. ' \ '; ' l'hat I can believe. Give you away ? You ' have your price, of course. But you won't-think it/presuming of me to- 'suggest that'you have alFO the faculty of invention.', ' Oh, have 1 ?'' ; ' \ 'I 'use the- term complimentarily. You invent -thing?, don't you ?' ' Maybe I do— rwhen I ain't on my oath.' 'Well, T- ask yqti to state now, on your cath, if it/isn't true that- you have invented a gold paint ?' (No answer.) it '?.,- ,., /which, applied -to 5 any .hard ; sub stance — a piece of heavy, wood or iron, or, even,, say', so remote a curiosity as a meteoric slone-^-gives that substance' the jippeai ance of being composed of the precious metal. (No answer) \- v*'«vTT~an-i ifc *s within the bounds of possi bility that the prisoner may have 'had deal ings 'wit'h you in the matter of this ingenious invention, and may, even have paid you a commission on all transactions where its fraudulent use enabled him to- trade upon the gullibility of—'- ' ' Up jumped counsel for the defence. '?A/y lord — ' he was beginning, when a furious exc.'amation from some individual amongst the spectators stopped him. Mr Justice Bolt glanced sternly in the direction of the offender^ ' Who is that interrupting the proceed ings ?' he cried. ' Usher, put that person out of Court !'' t There was a little stir and flurry ; and the commotion subsided. The Judge sank back in' his'chsiif, and turned with' the most bland expression to the'defence{ . 'The disinterestedness of the witness is under suspicion,' said he. 'I rule the question relevant.' ' \ * ? ?*'??, * Mr Hawker, who. was, indeed, the delin quent, elected by order of the Judge, shouted and kicked as he was hustled without the precincts of the Court by the tipstaves. He was quite , beside himself. ' ' Le' ine go !' he shrieked. 'He's done ?me but of two hundred pounds ! He knew it was a swindle all the time. I'll have the law of him.-!' . . 'Prat the critter !' said one of the me'. ?'What's: he a-foamin' about ! iKeep. still,, you little undertaker, or I'll score; j;our baid' 'ead like a cheese-board !?' - : - .' ? ? Mr Hawker subsided, in exhaustion moral. and physical. '.' I'll have the law,' he . was repeating ?weakly, when a.sjauntj- wild figure shot- from ?the door of the building, : and lushed f or ^the busy street below. ' 'At' that the captive sprang to fresh vigor. ': ; \ ... 'There goes the other !' he screamed. , 'Him as showed me the' painted, stone that was the cause of jr., ah !' and he brotefrboi his guard and went instantly in pursuit. itwasafutLe chase. The stranger, edg ing and dodging through ' the crowd, was out. of sight in a moment. In another, Mr Hawker, suddenly conscious of himself as an egregious; ass, stopped, turned :up a by-street, and made fov the judge's lodgings. - ? '? ' And, ,; oh ?!?'? he murmured, panting and half 'hysterical, - -Uf I don't get quit with ; Bolt for this,, strike me dumb and hngly 1 It ain't playing the game fair to lay odds on a certainty ; and Tve a mind to open, his 'ead with the stone itself.' ' He walked a few paces further, grinding his teeth. - :;?.:..;. '? There's one scrap 6' comfort/' he thought. ' William Bvfleet'll swing now, ? and deprive him down there of thu benefit ot his ser vices. It ain't much, but it's a little.' A gleam of wrathful admiration struggled into his eyes. '?The fools!' he muttered, 'to think to hoodwink Bjlt !' Then at last his emotion yielded to h:s chagrin the tribute of a single trickling tear, -and he whispered in anguish : ' Mrs 'Awker ! Mrs 'Awker 1 the moral of all this is that jou'll 'ave to remain Miss Tggins.'— Pearson's WeeMt/. 