A GREATWROG; the OR, THE . YSTEILRY OF BLACK into hIOLLOIY GRANGE. wild, .a. recti. CHAPTER SVIII.-Coxrm UED* beost \- ' very \- Well, Donald, what news do you bring?" ..r anetioned Doctor Nouent from the little to.m, able where he was busilyengsraged preparing ai ~e.wders for Ambrose. who lay in the ad- yoe joining chamber, not dead, but utterly on. An Seoncilos. late Doneld sat down, and began to rob his the bornyhands above the blazing hearth. lead. "'i Bad enough news, doctor," he replied. As They couldn't find the lae., Isabel, and the looks sqnire died yesternig"t. j:st after the dark." the "Gone is he? Well, I knew he'd never node rally again, when I left the house," the doc- thes tor answered. " Lord bless us, Donald, what bloe a pawer of mischief these fair-faced, rattle. '*t brained Rirls brine about I" are "Ay, ay; sir I responded Donald, hear fore tiltif that girl had remained at home. in. stead o running ofi to her in, poor Mel- thed yille woltd he alive tcalar." sair ".An to think of Ambroe, my pr. hand- fre some lad" the mother bearn to whimper. eatn "as might have been her husband this Tb morning-" nd, "Hush t" interruptei Donald, sternly. non "D'ye want such a rash girl for the lad's strn wife, dame? Better for him to be lyinz as U bheis than yoked to the likesof her.'' DItyou dree think the lad II get ova- it, doctor ?': the Sfather e;nttilr.d, h lis ,ricre nstea ly. "C' ertatnly h will. tilho ever :cel ofa the broken' atm' mind a cracked cranium;'and a hisý t:=geiint -emhr.:ihtasi-lr.we r "fn'r e' nose >sho \- up nffer abit.' Now; a '.f':grre a prhtty penny him to get at the bottom of this mystery.- What noul by.- been ,,ii, on t the oll I manor I And what took Ambroser there that night ?" LOr Donald shook his bead, and his wife whis Deeer in an awed voice: "The manor's haunted, doctr, and it pet were all alight the nicht o' Ambr?"na wed ding. Th rmlerlered lly comres hak-" fi "Pooh I pooh I you sally arman I, There scr' was sm-thn Ilnalidr? gheos at thLi man-r; It tok lie., and bl,,l I to gie the lali them tea: vuly holes in his side. Hlow did tihe old for plare look this mouruitg, Donald--was all I qluiet? lIe "All quiet, sir." replied the seaman. rad thei ding,in a sort of awed whisper, 'I but the otti dog's there yet." The doctor wheeled in his chair. r "There yet! W'ell, .now, Donald, that's confounded strange What can keep the Is* beast up thern * me Donald shook his head again, with g-.res solemnity. cen "'That I can't say, doctor," he replied. crat " but there he is, and there he'll stay, inspite of youe Didn't re fetch him home yrster " a day, and bak he wentlike a flash ! ile was C on the terrace as I came by, and when 1 thi called to him he gate a cry that we human He'sfoundsa'nt?thfig, doctor-there's no mils- cut lake about that I"'- a "Found what, man Wasn't the old 9' house srhed es terday I was overr there y70 myself It was as emptyas a drum; not even a stray ghost in sight." Do -'So they told me; hilt the dog fund bha something all the samer, I have every confi dene in that dog. Somewhere. in that old fat1 houne, there's allman creature hi,., I'm sure f It." - pie *"Fatherf" It was the voice of Ambrose th. .ailed. the Donald leaped to his feet as if a ballet had a struck him, and made far t'e 'dljuiniog I tm, fllorwed by thle dtor and his wife. ..hi Ambrose was sittine up in bed, a lok of dir eager intelligence on his white, hlaggard pr "' What was that you were saying cboat I-1 the dog father? " he asked, as Donald s reached him. "Is he watching at the' old ret manor ?" t, "T',at's It, Lao', repliea tte ltrter, lmy. Tag his hand upon his head. while hlis rugged frame shook with represed emotlnt "',.thae dog's up there. But my son, I am glad to see ell you getting better." The mother fell on her knees by toe bed, and began to weep noisily, while the doctorA prceeded to mix a composing draught with all possible speed. bh "' Yes, father, I'm gettingbetter," Ambrose cntinued. "'How long have I been sck u bi row did 1 get home ? I can't quite remem ber." t "We' found you up there, deed, as we thought, and fetched you home, my lad." I sobbed Donald. , "Yes, yes-you found me at the manor, you mean. There. father, pray don't worry, father, I'm ll right. How long ince you tl found me-" e "'Twas yester morn, Ambrose-Wednes. day morn." "' nd. this is Thursday ? Yes and the yi dog's there yet ?" - * There yet, Ambrose." "Here, you drink thinyoneg man," inter. posed Doctor fi'grt, preferring hisdraught, I "and lie hah upon.your pillows and keep yorhody quiet, and.your tongue, too I" I Ambrose swallowd the draught, but did not follow the littl doctor's advice. " Doctor, am l much hbrt? " he asked. n "Well, quite serionsly; but 'll have you on your feet in a fortnight-" 'onsense I I I must go out to-day, at once I" The doctor only laughed. ' "Father;' said the young man, turning his haggard face toward Donald, "getout the leigh and barnes Black Bees. I must go op to the Hrunted Manor, at oncer The father hook his bhead dieapprov. I must go,' Ambmose continued "to satisfy my own eyes-to see what thedog has found. I There was a woman there," his white face flashing swiftly. "I heand her. She may be there now, father. I must go and see I Will you go with me ?" .'"A woman I" shrieks the dame, wringing her hands.' "He's seen the murdered lady's ghost. Oh,my poor Ambrose, enticed into that awful place on his wedding night, and cheated of his bonny bride." "Silence I" commands the doctor, sternly. Not a word more, if you value his life. TYoung man," he continues, "if you're not a lunatic, you won't talk of leaving your bed ii 'a weekimuch less leaving the hbuse. The haunted minor was seanrched'" yesterday by the proper authorities, and not a soul found. Doubtlens you were decyed into a trap of some sort-" "Spare your words, doctor, please," smiles the young patient, "and mix me a streo.th .eariag dtaught like an obliging fellow. Here mother, help me into my clothes; and, father, hurry with the sleigh, will you Gracious heavens," he goes on, leaping sud denly out of bed, and standing tall and reso. loteandl haggardin their midst; "-a day and a night I've been lying here already, and shemay be dead or dying I For mercy's sake, father, he quick." " Do the best you can for him, doctor;' whispers Donald, as he goes out to harness Black Bess. "There is not a bit of use p posing him; he'll go, it he crawls on his hands and knees," "Mere fool he," growls the doctor, pro. ceeding to prepare the daught. "'I washmy hands of the whole business. Nevertheless, being a humane and obliging man at heart; when he finds that his pa panies hite. for the wirhcknesds I'te done." moans the wife of t)neold, steading in the ortegae door, Ias Black rBess stars of. all her silver bells ringinga merry peal. 'Loch at him noaw my handsome lad, that I thoueht to see lsa bel's husbhabnd, well nigh munrdereld, and his | brain ernood.ndl it the miork of them wicked als e haunt the old manurl 'Tis a jodg ment on me; but Ican't tell. I can't break D mnad'e heart anl lie a happy man so eaany -r·:r. E*:: " ". th ~t " n farland 'I1 rteps," cries IDcnald as thry mcccli the nab -. gala "'- :". T :., I~r···03 Ambrose leans forward nnd watches lace. the animal as he comes flying ddwn to meet h" ' them. - 'l " Whatis it, mygood dodg?" he calls. thisl At souad of his mater's voice the doggoea toe into ecstasies, leaping upon the seat, and face licking the youna, man's hands, then with a T wild, peculiar cry he is off again in the di- ewes evati-,n of the manor. very "We must follow him, father," ssays Am- feet brose, quietly. "Give me your hand-I'm won very stiff and sore."' to II " You'll find yourself worse than stiff.boy, moac to.morrow,, grumbles the.doctor, as Donald had assists his son; "and no one to blame bat his yourself." . Ambrose only smiles in his quiet, reso. and lute way, and, fastening Black Beas sto post, was the three go on abreast, following the dog's put lead. slee As they reach the terrace the little doctor '1 looks upwith some aweat the gray front of your the silent housae. He does not relish the islik undertakibntg at, all. though he feels none ofa mav the superstitions dread that curdles Donald' Sh blood. fiami "We shall find ourselves in a nest of thieves " or counterfeiters. and get our heads smashed abve for our rashness," he mutters. with But Ambrose takes no heed, and they whic goon. Straight into the manor, down the he the dim, ?aounding hall, and up the dcusty lret stairs the dog leads, leaping on with wild, frantie barks that seem fraught with human entreaty. his - The old house is as silent as a tomb,ascold and and as cheerless under its winding sheet of " snow. Not a sound greets them, not even a frigl stray mouse crosses their way. opp, Up the. silent stairs, on and on down the you dreary length of the long corridor, until they Drt reach the old library-roohl, which opens into wilt the black draped ante-chamber, h. air Ambrose follows the dog with steady, - resalute' steps.. thdugh his face inawfully ptblle- s'mdhis e breathing. sharp and shnrt ,'ad hbi father and the doctor follow her him: . In the library, where the dest-laden hto f o.,r isstained here and there with drops of thin blood, the dog pauses, with a long, wild cry, witc then he leaps into the anteroom and disap- ort pear . Th- threemen follower im breathlessly,and to fiun- him under the tattelei hiack arras, scr.trhnldg at the solid oaken panels. eOlt "WI-a t is it, my tuod dogl" cries Ambrose., trU tear- n away, the somber drapery, his face hi. flI ittot witn eager exciteent. the 1 Toe p tro.lni era?leate tries hard to tell. 00n lie hIal; to his master and carorse hlim,. and then tllrows himself against the panels, e uttering plaint;re cries. doe d T.icre's some creature hid about here," Coo remnrks Donald. the "Ar, father," Ambrose answers,"that there wit is. IHere, my good dog, where is he? Show 010 me awhere." r The dog throws himself aogaist the central pan.l with wild force and frantic eat erigs.ent SThe dog's mawl,"growls Doctor Nugent; ro "anel yot are as white as a ghost, Ambrose. I Cone acnay, DJoald ; we'e had enough of te Ithis fo.lly'" hb -DGo if you like, doctor,"Ambrore answers, the eurtir. "I shall remain. Father, can therebe is a scsret passage anywhere here, think you? me d Som of these old order dwellings had them, i you knoew." Mll t "I never heard of one in this house," kir Donald replies, tapping on the - oaken dal d boards. cis m ' Then, what ' does the/idog mean, ao d father?" at e Donald shake hi head, in dire pere. p plexity. of Ambrose stoops had proceeds to examine thepanels,every crack,nnd joint, and crevice; de d bt tono purpose. ti g His broken arm and wounded limbs alin him terribly, and he begins to grow sick and thi if dizzy; but some strange feeling within him, f Sprompts himto stay.. • to " wish we bad an axe," Ambrose says; It "I'd burst these panels in. There mst be a Id smethingehind them. Suppose y let me pa rest a bit, father, ail y ondrive over to Do nom's and get ant ae I Dotham will come ha Swith bou,too and he's stout fellow. I wish t yn' pe rld i father I"b .ea n . atA o Doctor Nugent gives otteranc6 to an ex- -y ee clamation, that we will refrain from record nd ag, and stalks out of the black cutained he ante-room, in high indignation ; but L r Donald, who has in-ltlged and obeyed his it handsome son all his life long, answers hesi- sit totingly : SIf I thought yonu could bear it, Ambrose; at but you look no white and ill---" n- "I can bearit,father-my will always was e thestronest part oa me," the young man ds erie "" Keep me in suspense and dobt, and a I'II go,, into a brain fevrer before midnight. I hi must.get at the bottom of this-you'll go,ww or father, to oblige mel" r Dnal turns togo. butheis barelyont of ti a the room when asharp exclamation from hi ' son caUSes him to harry back. se"Good heavens, fan therr look here I" the 9o he young man cries, his fingers on a tiny steel n spark imbedded in th solid oak. "Can this b thing be a secret springl" 5 As he speaks he presses on the shining Smint with all the migbt.that excitement has Ihintm h ; wan it h lent him; and ws I ith a sharp click the h ep spring moves, and the oaken panel slide n lid aside, revealing a yawning aperture, which It looks to the amazed eyes of Donald like the i mouth of the bottomless pit. an Thedog leaps upon his msterwith frantic cries of joy. Ambr6se strokes his head, but it a at is a full minute before he an speak, so great t is his excitement. '" You are right, my brave dog,":he gaspsatf last; "you haven't led nas here for nothing I ing Heavens, how black it is below therel Shout, out father; perhaps someone will answer. I can't tt commandmy voice yet." Donald drew near the aperture, his 1 ' face white and awed, his knees shaking under him. sld "Hallool Who'st below there?" he shouted, I d. lustily. aee A minute of breathless silence, and then, ny from somesubterranean depths below, came ee I a feeble voice in answer. Ambrose leaped to his feet with a cry of sng triumph. Sr ih"Father,did you bear it Ahuman voice nto --a woman' voice. It is he, For Heaven's and sake, let me godown quick. Only think, she has been down there a day and a night. Let lfe me go l" life. "Ambrose, are you mad?" cried his father, bo attempting to hold him back. The But the young man half beside himself da his eagerness and excitement, eluded dal his grasp, and leaped through the aperture, l into what he fancied to be a sort of passage o that would lead him to a dseeending stair tiles But the instant hin feet touched the dusty th- flooring beyond, there was a sort of rasping den sound, and swift as thought, as ift'by the and, workhing of some unearthly magic, the solid 'o 1 foundations gave way beneath bim, and the td- rap.door, on which he stood, thot rapidly o- downward, hurling him headlong into the day black pit below. ree's to, HAPTER XIX. t.tt5 I ELLOWnnxP ntGTn LOVe. The Highland storms had blown them selem oat; and on the hills where the snows pee were melting, and in sheltered' moorland hmy nooks, where the ttteal snnshine fell, the tender green of springing grasses could be igtg seen. apa In the old eottage- home.,with thbabloat om' lg lInebi and the tids about its doors, am brose ticrhart still lay, weak and p6worlnsl Ihim ashh _ . - the Vcrynnoraeuntodeathhadb hebeenasoenear, door, tbhttane whe loved him best,had biued his halla- white lips, as they Inelieved. for the'nLost new, iimn,anashed teanr of hitter agony over his I usa' incuiu s head: . . itl his )etbhe' otill lived, and the early spdna icked sunshine, strcammig through the csounui jag- ftlnderdy otliy wornwcaeeaneadUlasrleii break hair. ...- - many \Vhether 'the'genial indounce +of. the .d "ill ,,n¢ aunbams. or aomething more tobhLa. main l t;uecOne i o?bjot ictho.orr;: withna uorc ci ' a ta; [+ €lllok;?ut wiatolo ,r fintgat last upuo the face of the woman who sat watching beside hi, ollow. " 'Ta sick man's weary eyes reposed upon this face, illumined ait was by-the gloryol THI toe setting sun, and/to him it seemed the face of ano cgei. - At Toroogh all kis hours'of bitter pain this nary sweetprhsence had been near him; when abs telnt very eathl agny clthed his heart and hi :tom feet touchedi the brink of the chill river, this a fo woman tender touch had lured hi?d back r to life; the soft breath of her smilingo too mouth, the divine pity 'of her tender eyes, tee had scothed and strengthened him, even ino his uneonaciousnews. o t He looked up at her, ashe lay thera feeble :lre and powerless, nnd the light of a love that S was deathless kindled in his, eyes. He moe put forth his hand nrd touched her Lic sleeve. - - a" "Yon are na stranger; do not even know ma your name,"he whispered, "but your face attn is like an angel's. I teink yor presence bhas re saved my life. Will you spook to me?" A She started from her sea, a lovrely flush dow flaming in her cueeks. tion "Thank' Heaven I" she cried, bending atee above his pillow, her sweet eyes swimming chi with tears, that milen upon herweet mouth of a which a woman gives only to the man the she loves once and for ever. "You will he livel" are "I shall live. Yon have saved me." pi "?ay, say not so," her silken touch Upon hr. his forehead, "it wasyou who saved'my lif and risked your own-well-nigh lost is. t n' was your presence on thatstormy night that mi frightened of my enemies, and gave me the ott! opportunity to escape. But I will not thank piet you now, you are too weak to hear me. Drink this and sleep." the He drinks the draught she proffers, and ine with her soft fingers on his brow amid his N hair, he fa?? asleep, utterly oblivios of.sallo in things. of Atsie dwsole.a Worhld $.heave\ thisn ; aeuswenet':aoman oa?dthe love h- ?beamrstf -her. " Miss Lenore they call her in Donald's houseoold, and s yet she has told them no- T thing otf her lifeor the man who treated her inh with such fiendish inhumanity, and ro. a0 sorbed as they hae been in thoir 1 solicitude for Ambrose, they have not cared for to lasl. be: For weeks she has lived in the Highland b en cottage, shut in from the b worlid and ail her fit troubles hy the white.circ!e of the Scottish for hilts. drrasaiug a sweet dream, learning for d tie first tite In all her proud life that le. f son which sooner or later comes to every the wn iu, tne one ic of lure. n ' 'i 'tiss Treveothon, the proud helle of Lon- inl don, the brilliant beirers whom no man otfi could win, sits beneath the peaked roof of oc the Highland rottage, her eyes luminous with an infinite tenderness as they rest ef upon the white, pain-worn face of this man, foe woo ha srved her, and stved Lr life,n ld ? u won ier woman's heartcwon it, too, with- ho, out the asking, and hbe the son of a sailor ani a goat-bed, and she the descendant of Lo "Ia hundred earts." Iler cheeks flame and her proud bosom s?smn as some such thought crosses her brain, and she rises quickly and descends to the kitchen, where the mother of Ambrose is busy with preparations for the evening meal. She looks np with ratoer a sullen row at Miss Trevethon's entrance. She is.a good, he kindly creature, this dark-brewed Highland in dame, but she cannot forgive this fair, patri- far clan lady, who has been the cause of sot muc trouble. But for her, instead oflyin i at the door of death, all maimed and crip- is pled, Ambrose might be the happy husbhand of little Isabel. She looks up, sari an.r unsmiling, but shee draws forward the best chair and proffers it fil to herguest. cit 'Sit dowin, Miss Lenore, if ye won't mind d the smell of the cooking ; and there's the di" papers. Donald fetched 'em from the post g town, a whil ago; a heap of 'em there Is. re were an uncommon reader, the poor lad, and laid out every spare penny for thei papers, and now he may never look at 'em again, and they're u-lying here for him. It is h e ard to bear." i h Lenore sits down, an unwonted flash to on her chees a' tender brightness ,in her al . Yes, it is hard, I know, for a mother's d hert to hear," she answers, softly : yet I t think you may take hope now, for your sonth is smsurely better. H spoke tome a minute I. since, and I left him in a sweet sleep." The mother glances up from the venison t e; steak she is preparing, her brow still gr cls mbrose has spoken to her, this pretty, E n dainty reature I Even iflies he li, h will id sorely learn to lore her, and she will lure I him into foreign lands. And be mighthave i o wedded little Isabel, and lived aid died amid his native Iills. These are the bitter a of thoughts that fill her mind as she cuts the Sred. juicy steak. Meanwhile Lenere unfolds the papers and he glances over them listlessly. iHer lheart is el not with the great, gay world she has left, o is but with the man who lies under the peakedt roof overhead. ng Glancing carelessly a startling announce ss ment catches her eye. It comes under the be head of" Marriages in High Life," and an ea nouncesto theproud Belgravian world, and ch tooallothers concerned, that Miss.Lenoro he Trevethon, the beauty, the belle, the heiress, was privsately married, in compliance with I ie her own wish, to Richmond Trevethon, son 1 it and heir of her guardian, Sir Geoffrey Treve at then, of Lyndith Hall, and the happy young couple have gone to Romh for their honey at moon; and thence for an indefinite tour, the gI bride's precarious and failing health reqir ut, ing the balm and warmth of southern isles at and tropical seas. She reads this, her cheeks whitening. her his blue eyes flashing darkly, her proud heart far heaving. But in one swift momentheremo tion paspt. What does it matter? 'Even ed, this cannot move her, so great is her present content. She will let her vengeance rest ; eo, she will bide her time. Even if she were m ocut off forever from her name and her birth right, it teems a light grievance in the of gloryifying rapture of hernewjoy. She un derstandsthe old phradse, "All for love, and ice the world welllost." t' She throws the paper aside, her eyes she growing mistily tender, as she looks up at Let the mother of the man who has suffered so much for her sake. er, "He is better," she'repeats with a strange girlish timidity; "and, thank Heaven, I am self sure he will live now. It would have been endles miserj tome if he had died. -I owe ore, him such a debt of gratitude Icould neves age have known another peaceful hour if harm M' had come to him. "ty Ay, it would have been bitter if he had y died" repeats the peasant woman. "It is ' hitter enough as it is, to see himon his back, all crippled for life, perhaps, and he' is in the the prime of his youth and strength, and to think i it was his wedding- night when he was de th coyed to that awfol Haunted Manor." Miss Trevethon felt all the blood in her body surging in a fiery torrent ,to hit heart. " His wedding-night," she sold, her oine faltering. "Ay, his wedding-night, and his bride the prettiest' lam in the eounty, and bringing em' hiim a snug dowry besides.'; tows Miss Trerethon risen to her feet, white to landthe lips, despite all her dauontless pride and tho selfraommod. In all her life, tn her dires, he peril, when she crouched tn that black, reek log tomb, with a lingering death her only 'hopeeof rocue she-felto h no psinon such a-dumb despair as she flow; fe . - cass BSut she oets her ?vhitblteetlih hatri nd clenches hee habds. She will die rather thas hrrbetray hersntne'.(. taoti - .__+__ _ 