WEST AUSTRALIA AND FEDERATION. To THE EDITOR. SIR,-There is no doubt the Federation vote will be given with a regard for number one. Each man will count for himself his personal gain or loss if the change were made. It is on selfish grounds that the opponents of Federation are so strong so strong that I do not see how they can lose the day. There are too many protected trades and avocations that will not give up their protection without a keen struggle. The only class who are likely to poll at all solidly for Federation are the miners, who may persuade themselves that the food duties would be wiped off and nothing putintheirplace. Againstthemthara are the farmers to a man, the shopkeepers, and the members of protected trades, and every handicraft is more or less protected under our tariff. Take the coachbuilder. He has 20 per cent, duties in his favour. So has the cabinetmaker, the joiner, and the timber sawyer like Mr. Frank Wilson, M.L.A., who surely does not desire to encourage the packing up of portable houses on the '* t'other side " for cheap and easy transport to Western Australia. There is the ironfounder, typified we will say by Mr. W. J. George, the member for the Murray. He complains that the revised tariff which admits machinery free nearly knocks local industry out. But even the iron man has 15 per cent, duty on castings left, and the same on parts of machinery, which leaves a good opening for repairs. As a farmer and a millar, Mr. F. H. Piesse, Commissioner of Railways and Director of Public Works, will, doubtless, see good reason why the duty of 20s. per ton on flour should remain, and there are several lights of Parliament who would be very loth to abolish the duty of from 1s. 3d. to 1s. 6d. per gallon on consignments of beer that do not bear the local trade mark. What would Mr. Crowder, M.L.C, think of remitting 20 per cent, on aerated waters ? So it is as we glance down the tariff rate. Almost every item puts butter on the bread of the artisan, who has all the better time of it in Western Australia for not having to compete with his compeers of the other parts of the Australian continent. The would-be federationists ask us to expose ourselves to the cold blast of unrestricted competition with butter organised rivals to gratify the phantasy that has been named " a broader national life." That the broader national life would mean a narrower purse for the individual and the State on this corner of the planet is kept as carefully in the background as the intrusiveness of the ugly fact will allow. But as I have said, there is not much to apprehend. Last night in the Perth Town Hall, the stronghold of the federationists, there was not a gleam of enthusiasm. The echo of a forlorn "hear, hear or the ghost of a cheer alone relieved the sepulchral solemnity of the speeches. The Western Australian Federation League is whipping a dead horse. Even the melts- fluous periods of Mr. Walter James passed almost unheeded. His fervid adoration of sentimental soaring into that higher empyrean where self is unknown struck coldly upon a practical audience that doubtless has had painful experience of legal bills of costs. But lawyers' fees are taxed by the prothonotary, not at the Customs. This is a hard-headed age, in which it is respectable for every citizen to pay 20s. in the pound, instead of joining fanciful crusade in search of an earthly millennium. Now-a-days the question is .-" Will it pay," and anything that won't is told to 'call again." A great many Federa- tionists are willing to make scapegoats of others. Mr. Randell told us at the meeting that "individualistic. presumably the farmers must suffer for the good of the community. With what wonderful equanimity cast we bear the losses of others ! " The good of the community is a comforting phrase to the merchants, who will have a larger profit on imported goods if we do not produce and manufacture for ourselves. But I like Mr. Randell's candour. He does not sugar the pill like the specious Mr. James. Mr Randell tells us plainly that the people of Western Australia will " form a good market for the manufacture! of the other colonies." " Dost thou like the picture ':" as Claude Melnotte asked of his betrayed inamorata -1 A visionary opening of P. eastern markets is to be our recompense. At what price?, Mr. Randell, can we afford to sell our wheat and fodder to neighbours who are selling those products to us in spite of heavy protective duties ? To what starvation return will cultivation come when we are supplying the plethoric " eastern market ?" Less than a rice-eating Chinese could live upon. I should say. No wonder that we raise our eyebrows and shrug our shoulders when we hear high-flown sentiments about the glories of an Australian empire. "Pity my simplicity" Mr. Randell might plead in asking us to put our heads into the lion's month, relying on his forbearance not to bite. Western Australia, he says, may safely leave herself to the tender mercies of the " ablest men in Australia, because they may be safely trusted to do that which was right for the whole of the colonies." Yes, on the principle of " one for you and two for myself," '. blood is thicker than water," and " kissing goes by favour." These able men are each intense partisans for their respective provinces where their homes, interests, and sphere of public life are centred. Are they to be trusted to divide up" witliaVcicc impartiality ? Could they do so and satisfy their own people ? They might try to do so they might even believe they were doing it but the balances would have a heavy list in the direction of self or parochial interest. The "confidence man" is to be shunned in public or in private life, no matter what stakes he may be playing for, even though the diplomatist gets a St. George's Cross of Knighthood and the humbler crafty beguiled only a broad arrow on a grey suit, and plenty of time for reflection Yours, etc.. THE CYNIC. Perth, May 6. 