Through Much Tribulation; BY C. E. C. WJEIOALL. CHAPTER Y.—Continued. There was a suggestion -»f impatience shout Carmeia, And Violet asked timidly if any thine whs wrong. Ah ! wh.-Q a worn hi has te k^ep herself and a poor mother, i> is hard to go without a wage for three we^k*. 1 love tlte signorioa, but Hb« lias so Raving a heart. And if ber money i* Hcarce, perhaps she will tell in** ;•»<«• 1 have had to s*-d for tbe doctor; my mother's breathing was se bad, and a doctor needs money.' ' Of course, of course ! Carmeln, I will ask Miss Larpeat for the money ; hut pitrhapa sh*» has none,' «ai«i Vio»ei timidly. ' All the folk liere know Very differently,' answed C«rm»la, with' a wihh nhake of her h*ad that set her gol<i eanings jangling Violet hud often admired ii)3s» airings, and to-day thev c-iiight her eyes as they shone in the sunlight. They were of the rough gold that. >h? Sicilian women wear, and the design upon them w&s; a cock crowing in a crescent moon. * Ah ! I nigh had to sell my earrings when the doc<or ordered my mother wine and scup, end that is a "Ore disgrace to a Sicilian ; for every woman who has any position at all Iihh her earrings, aud mine have been in the family for year«. Other girls bav — tbeir husbaads to buy tht»m for tbem ; but T<>inm<t8o Meli died last feast of ibe saints, and since then I have though of no mau, and Deha|M shall never d • so again. H« was a brave man wu.s TotnnjH8o.* Carmels broke off abruptly, and began to acour a saucepan with a grea' deal af energy, drawing her bt**ath sibilantl; through her teeth. * Poor Carmelti,' said the girl solely, touching the rough, brewu arm with her little fingers, ' I am ao sorry for vou. Ttuie will heal most sorrows, but there are some that leave a scar tha' never fades. But i will go up to Miss Larpent now and ask for some money.' She ran uu the narrow atatra and knocked at Miss Larpent'a door, tha* was screened off froin the rest of the bouse by a serge curtain. * Gome in/ said a weak voice. And Violet slipped gently into the room. Miss Larpent was lying in the con-re of her gre-at oak four-post bed, with her eyes ixed on the half-open window, where tbe roses hung in sweet' profusion, although it was late October, and Etna was deep in snow above the little town. But the garden was sheltered by its bigh wall, and the jasmine and scarlet pomegranate flowers were in full luxuriance; and in tbe quaint cut beds the violets were shedding their fragauce through the air. Miss Larpent, in her frilled nightcap and nhite shawl, looked like a ghost, fer her face was ghastly whits, and her dark .eyes were sunk deep in her head, and circled by heavy lines of fatigue and illness. * Why, my dear, you are ill !' cried Yiolct, aghast. * You must let me send for tbe doctor at once I' And she pulled bsck the blue chintz curtains to let the full ligbt in upon the bed. Rebecca at the well, and Abraham with a quaint troop of camels, crossing an interinineble sandy desert, were walking in procession repeatedly up the cretonne. And Violet thought how weary the invalid must be of watching the figures repected so often in monoto< nous regularity. Miss Larpent turned find caught tbe strong young hand in her own thin fingers. ' No, my dear, my dear, I want no doctor/ fhe eaid, with sudden excitement. ' Let us keep the men out as long as we can. Some of them we have to admit, for sometimes we have no choice in tbe matter. Let uie have my way. How could I sleep thinking over all that happened yesterday, and waiting for tbe sound of the thieves in the night ?' ' There were ne thieves, dear,' eaid Violet soothingly, feeling tbe pulse of the old lady throbbiog against her cool band. ' And you have worked yourself into a perfect fever. You must lie still and get well I will bring you some tea, and then you must sleep.' ' As I lie here I keep thinking of God and His protection,' said Miss Larpent dreamily. ' And perhacs I have in some way offended Him, He must be angry with me, or He would not have allowed me to have tbat trouble yesterday, and now something' bides His light from me. I do not feel any peace.' 1 You must not lie there and think those things. You have not done any wreng. Remember the word*, * Thou shalt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on Tbee^ because be truateth in Ihee^' Tou know you have so often told me yourself tbat we only have to tiust and wait.* ' Ay, ay, to trust and wait,' said Miss Larpent, with a sudden smile tbat trembled over her features like a ray of sunlight. ' And since you have come te take care of me, I feel sale, Violet.* The girl busied herself about the room, setting things straight here aud there, and arranging the clothes raor<» comfortably about the invalid. Then she said gently : 'And now, Miss Larpent, I must ask you for some money, for there i« a bill tbat must be paid, and C-trmela's mother is ill, and needs many com (oris, and she would like to have her wages. Miss Larpent sat up straight and her face assumed an expression of terror. . 'They always think that I have mooty. The whole place thinks that I am- rich, I verily believe. Why should I have more money than other peop'e ? Violet, you must fry aud persuade them that it is not true.' Her flushed fsce and excited manner frightened the girl, and she gently laid her hand upon the burning head. * Yon are quite wrong. No one is suspectinir you of anything. If you have the money, give me some for poor Carmela's nick mother; and if not— why, I can se'l one of my mother's rings to pay her/ she sain quietly. Tbe scared eyes sought hers with such a suspicion** terror in their depths thai Violet felt a sudd' n rush of tears, and turnefi a war to hide her emotion. You are a good. girl, f believe tbat you are a thoroughIv good t>irl, and that you l«ve mo for myself alofce, and net f»r anything that may come afterwnril* 1' cri*d Miss Larpent. V«olet 1- oked at her. ' You c<n say this to me, when I thou.ht thnt every day showed how truiv grat.-ful I am to you—io that wh'n I wss a stranger vou took me in?' The keen reproach in her eyes and voice melted the last hard remnant of the old lady's unworthy suspicion ; and, wiib a faint cry, she flung her arms round Violet's neck and kissed her. ' My darling child—tor you are tj me like my own child, and will ever be torgive me for my mad, cruel words, f<>r sometimes I believe thai I am mad 1' she sobbed, clinging to Violet with the clutch oi a drowning man. 1 Save me from •! yseit I That is my one prayer to U»'i, and now it is my prayer to you. S<ve me from the spirit of covetouinesa ibat is day by day striving wnhin me.' Violet soothed her, and, when she wax calmer, Miss Larpent sat up and dried her eyes. I am going to show you what not one soul has ever seen, aod what will piove te you bow great my trust and love ot you is,' said the old lady, witb excitement in lier voice and manner. ' Go up to the fireplace and knock the wall within one foot ot tbe woodwetk till you hear a hollow sound. Thhollow sound will be near that carved head upon the ]amb of tbe mantleiihelf.' Violet moved towards tbe fire as though she were in a dream. Sue scarcely realised what she w«s doing, for the whole sceue was ao extraordinarily different from what she bad expected that her mind was in a tumult. She did as she directed, aud when the wood rang hollow sbe turned for fresh directions to tbe bed. ' Now press your hand firmly upon the cherub's head at the left-hand corner,' said .Miss Larpent's voice, eager with intense feeling. The cherub's head yielded and came away in her hand, leaving exposed a square spaca in tbe wall, like the door of a cupboard, which, when again pressed firmly, brought away the whole front of tbe carving, which swung outwards with the click of a spring, revealing another and larger door wiih a keyhole in it. Mies Larpent's trembling hand held oat the ker, which shd had taken from off her neck, where it had hung by a thin gold chain, and with it Violet unlocked the door and ihrew the cupboat d open. There were two shelves in the thickness of the wall, behind what tbe girl hod aln-ays considered to be a magnificent specimen of Italian art — the carved fireplace—which only proved to be a sbam and a disguise. On one of the shelves Isy a great number of morocco cases, wbicb, as Violet's trembling fingers opened ihem, proved to contain diamond ornaments of every description, from a necklace of msrvellous stars, witb esch centre as large as a robin's egg, to rings and buckles of the same perfect stones. Tbe other sbelf nas piled with tin cases, some of which contained sovereigns in glittering piles, amounting to a sum so vast that Viwlet's brain reeled as sbe strode to reckon them up. While others were lined witb >>anknotes and bonds of different stock, tbat no doubt excelled the othtr cases in value. There wss also a great deal of silverplate wrapped up in leather cloths; and when Violet realised what the biding-, lace contained she turned round to the bed witb a deep sigh. * If I had known that this was here I should not have felt ao safe at nights in my bed, and I certainly would never have allowed Count Bu^rjn t« cross the threshold,' she said, with considerable excitement. * When I left England fifty years ago I bad with me sixty tnousand ponnds aud I cannot have speat much more than a hundred a year since I came to Taormina,' said Miss Larpent thoughtfully, 4 so there is a large fortune in there ; and it is all fot you, Violet—all for you. I have no other friend or relation to whom I owe a penny in the world.' The girl fell back against the wall. * For mef she said' tremulously. 4 Oh, no I not for me! I could not think of it!' ' Violet,' said the old lady solemnly, 4 promise me that when I am dead, wben *ny poor breath is out of my hody. that you will take all this and go right away to England, and there be happy.' The girl tried to speak, but her lips would not frame a sentence. She - wus terrified at the sight of the fortune tbat was reposing behind the woodwork of the roem, and she could find no words to speak the thought tbat fled into her mind—the thought that if this had come earlier it might have saved her mother's life. * Come here, Violet.' And the (tiri went slowly across the floor and laid her hand in Miss Larpent's outstretched palm. 4 Now.' said the old lady, gripping her with sudden force, ' promise me that you will take that niouey the day that i am buried, aud- leave Taorminn forever, £oing home to England to enjoy tbat fortune that has never yet brought a moment of pleasure to.anyone in all < bis *.eary world. Promiss me by all you hold sacred.' * Is there anvone in all the world who has the greater right to it than I V Is there nuone in all tbe world who cares whether I live or die,' said M-ihs Larpent, with a catch of a sob in her voice. * I have outlived everyone. .d.nd even when I bad relations, they loved me only 'or what I possessed. Se yoo may prooiise me, my dear, witb clear mind. (To be Continued) A woman in Brunswick. Germany, wears a hat tbat cost her £15,000. Sh»- was anxious to buy a hat, but bad nothing «ith her except a lottery ticket. The merchant accepted it i; place of n.oney, and a few weeks later ii drew the grent priz». Toe woman's iiutiband 1 ried to induce tbe merchant to share tb» *i»oils, bu' he consented to pay only £25 There ar- 17 metals more valuable ban gold—iridium, valued at £60 per lb troy ; gallium, £75; rhodium, £85 ; osmium, £120 ; ruthenium £200; palladium £216; barium, £280 i didymium, £500; cerium £525 5 yttrium, £630; strontium, £670 i calcium, £700 ; glucinium, £820 J lithium, £1080; zirconium, £1115; rubidiam, £1400 ; vanadium, £1725. There was recently solemnized at the Barnel (Eog.) registry office the marriage of a widower 91 years of age and a spinster of 73 summers. Tha bride groom, who has been for 26 years an inmate of the Leathersellers Company's almshouses at Barnet, is bale for his years, but his sight is so impaired that he had to pot a cross instead of a signature iu the register. The bride and bridegroom walked to and from the registry-office. W F s 