ALL SAINTS' CATHEDRAL CONFIRMATION SERVICE. A most impressive confirmation ser vice was conducted by his Lordship, the Anglican Bishop of Bathurst, the Right Rev, Dr. Camidge, in the Anglican Cathedral list night. There were 33 candidates for confirmation — 23 temales and eight males, two of whom were Chinamen. The service opened at 8 o'clock by the ' Procession March,' bis Lordship in a short address referred to the great responsibilities incurred by those acting as god-fathers and god mother's, and impressed upon them the necessity, of speaking as far as they could to the young people entrusted to their care in reference to God's high and holy office, and to endeavor to bring them in cIobo relationship to God Himself. He also referred to the duties of sponsors and sureties, and exhorted them to see that the children were brought up in a God-like way. His Lordship referred to the desirability of holding services for god-fathers and god mothers. and he said that for his owd part he otten thought it would be a very great advantage if their parish clergymen would sometimes hold special services for god-fathers and god- mothers, and invite them to come to the House of God in' order that they might be re minded of their promises and the duties pertaining to that office, and to endeavor to persuade them to, as far as possible, carry on the good work ' undertaken by them. In speaking of Baptism his Lordship 'said that it admitted them into the Church of Christ ; it gave to them certain promises of help of the Holy Spirit, and when they came to understand the dangers and difficnlties they had to encounter, then they must realise that every Chris tian person should receive every possible help and advantage that the church could give to them. Confirmation, said his Lordship, wan looked upon as an absolute essential for everyone who was a member of the Church of England, and the church laid it down so strongly that it said that no one was to come to the holy communion unless he had been confirmed. He dealt with the necessity of prayer, . and said that the earnest prayers of an earnest congregation must ascend to the throne of God, and hs felt confident that thay would bring back that great answer in the gift of the strengthening power of God the Holy Spirit. There wai something in teresting about the services that night. It was that amongst those who would join together in the answer to the questions put to the can didates would .be some from a far distant country, yet it showed that they were all one in Christ Jesus, no longer separate or dispersed and were bound together in the love of the Father, the great affection of the Son and mighty influence of the Holy Ghost. Tbe confirmation of the candidates was then earried out by the Bishop, the solemnity of the service deeply impressing the whole of the large congregation. The hymn ?' O Jesus ! I have promised to serve you,' was most effectively rendered by the choir, oftev which the bishop delivered another ad dress. He said there were always two things to be found in the services of the Church of England ; one was simplicity and the other dignity. Those who observed tbe confirmation juBt administered would ac knowledged that these two points were clearly to be found. Every person, even a child, could understand it and yet there was a quiet dignity about it which seemed to impress and touch every person present. The intense simpli city of these services was . a means of bringing them neater to their Father who is in Heaven, and tbe solemnity of tbe questions and answers must have appealed to all of them. He trusted that they wonld that night consider their position and pray earnestly to God himself that in all bis gracious goodness He would vouchsafe to help and guide tbem in the future which lay before tbem. It was a very helpful and effective service and the questions no doubt arose -( How is it that so small a thing produces so great a result ? how is it that this laying on of hands can ac complish what we hope and know it does accomplish ? how iB it that the simple weak words in baptism is the means of accomplishing so much 7' It iB because of Christ's presence and i power? He did not want, them to think that Rome magical effect had been produced, that something bad been done which would carry its effect into their lives without help from themselves. They wanted prayer, and with prayer they would find that the Christian love was constantly increased. Every Christian kne* what prayer waB. The Lord Jesus Christ Himself felt bow Necessary it was for Him; and should they, with all their weakness, neglect that great office prayer ? He (the Bishop) hoped that when they came to the house ef God they would rpally pray, and make their church prayers real prayers. This itself was not enough ; they wanted to pray privately every night and morning, and to feel that tbey had some odo to whom they could go. Of course they had their friends, and they could write them letters, but in their letters they could only express themselves in a barren way and there was a coldness about them ; in prayer tbey could send up thoir de sires, and those prayers would bring to tbem just the very things they wanted ; they would give them tbe strength they needed. They should also remember to pray for others, and should not be con tent with asking God to help them alone, but along with others to partake of the same solvation. And, in praying for others, tbey would bring blessings on themselves as well. He also impressed . upon them tbe necessity of making a companion of God's word. They could not read God's word too often and they shonld read it with earnest proyer. They shonld not gitfo up all of their time to it for there was just as rauoh religion in doing their duty in the station of life in which God had placed them as in reading his holy word. What they had to do was to ^read God's word and to live their lives and fashion their conversation after that word. In speaking of the confirmation and holy communion the bishop urged those who had just been made full members of the church not to hesitate to partake of its highest privileges. The order was clear and distinct and while it stood out so clearly and distinctly it was their duty to meet, and they should go with that teachable spirit, and they should say they were not worthy of those high eervices. They Bhonld not be content to go just once, but they should come frequently andalwayB. He asked the god-fathers and god-mothers to go also and expiessedjj the pleasure it would be for them to attend with those whom they watched over. Whether they be god-fathers, god-mothers or parents, be urged them to go once again to the holy service, and in going once he hoped they would continue to go always, and may God gave tbem His grace to get all that they needed for their life's work ; may God the Father in his in finite love bless them ; may he care for them, watch them and help them, and when tbey felt their difficulties may they know tbat tbey eonld go to him. His Lordship, in closing, fervently be sought the blessing of God for his con gregation. The seryice was concluded by the singing of ' Onward Chris'ian Soldiers ' as those just confirmed walked in procession out of the cathedral. Before the conclusion of the service Dean Marriott announced that special services of confirmation for those who had been confirmed would be held next Saturday night, and at 8 o'clock next Sunday morning to celebrate Holy Com munion. 