T T'TrTGf'D KTnmQTG* XiX X Jit. JoLA X UJtlJaLM Books and Their Makers. Messrs. Angus and Robertson have added to their series of Australian schoolbooks an admira ble ' Geography of New South Wales ' by J. M. Taylor, M.A.. LL.B. The book consibts of 130 pages, cloth bound, and turned out in the neat style characteristic of the publishers, and it covers all the subjects that an up-to-date geography is expected to cover, the matter care fully sifted and condensed, and presented in easily understandable form. It is well. described in the publishers' prospectus ttuis :— ' Mr. Taylor's Geography of New South Wales, -which has been prescribed by the Department of Public Instruc uun ior use m Mew South Wales schools, supplies us with a long-felt want in the shape of upto date information regarding this country. After the physical feature.*, Mr. Taylor deals with the geology, climate, flora and fauna, aborigines, mines and minerals, industries, artesian wells, exports and imports, and for each separate topic he has gone direct to the fountain head. The records of the Public Departments and the Pro ceedings of the Royal, Liunrean, and other learned societies have been consulted with such care as to render errors on points of importance impossible, and in matters of detail improbable. There are 32 full-page illustrations representing typical scenes in the colony ; an excellent relief map, the first of itg kind) of New South Waleg . and a railway map on which are shown the principal seaports and headlands, with their distances by sea from Sydney. The price of the book is 2s -)d.' Messrs. Macmillan and Co. forward Professor Moms s ' Austral English, a Dictionary of Aus- I tralasian Words' (published by them at 16s), which was reviewed by us on its first appearance some months back. In it Professor Morris has done valuable work in collating the various words and phrases which have become Australian colloquialisms and taken their place, so far as these colonies are concerned, and to a lesser ex tent beyond their borders, as a part of that sin gular 3onglomerate yclept the English language. Continental nations accuse the British Empire of its unrelenting acquisitiveness, but however much this may be true politically it is still more true philologically. Englishmen have in the de velopment of their language grabbed at every thing which they thought suited them in lang uages, ancient and modern, and the process which has been so long in progress in Europe has con tinued in all comers of the Empire, where the native languages have freely been drawn upon when the Imperial tongue had not made provis ion for the order of things met with. This is shown most strikingly in India and in New Zea land. Professor Morris deals in his present sub stantial work a good deal with the Maori words which have become a part of the common speech of the colonists. Here in Australia the same thing does not obtain to so great a degree, and where it does obtain it is not in so pure a form as the assimilated Maori, yet it is surprising' the number of words of native origin which are used in many parts of the country. For the rest, our colloquialisms are mainly of American, Scotch, or cockney origin. ' Austral English ' has come in for a good deal of criticism, and some of it has supplied information which should be valuable in a second edition. The professor specially asks Australians who can throw light on the originjor application of words to write to him. ' Poems,' by Victor J. Daly, are announced by Messrs. Angus and Robertson to appear in July. A batch of light April magazines comes from Messrs. Gordm and Gotuh. In the ' Strand ' an appreciative memorial article ou ' Lewis Carroll' and illustrations of a iourney to Jeru salem by the proprietor, Sir George Newnes. are the chief features. Of the Bev. Charles- L. Dodgson it is written that as a boy he wrote stories and illustrated them with his own p n for a little magazine his family kept for their own amusement. la his school career and in his career at Oxford mathematics were always hi* chief study, and remained so during his lifetime. He was mathematical lecturer at Christ Church from 1855 to 1881. His manuscript must have been a joy to the compositors, for the facsimiles of the MS. of ' Alice in Wonderland ' given hc-re show it to have been ao distinct as print, which it resembles much more than it does ordinary script. The quaint illustrations were his own work also, and w,ere done on the MS. itself. The article is written by Miss Beatrice Hatch, who was one of the ' child friends ' of the now dead author. ' Alice in Wonderland ' was originally told to the little children of Dean Liddeil for their entertainment, and the original of Alice wan little Alice Liddell, whose portrait appears with the article. In ' Pearson's ' Mr. B. E. Minns ha* (he work of illustrating the instalment of ' lteal Ghost Stories,' and very clever work his illustrations are. A. prominent article tells the history of 'The Gordon Highlanders.' Another contains a character sketch of the Ameer of Afghanistan by his ' lady physician,' Dr. Lillian Hamilton. She says ? — ' I never met anyone lnore fond of scenery, or, indeed, of anything that is beautiful, than is the Ameer. He occupies much of his spare time in gardening, and cultivates Japanese pumpkins on account of their bright colours, and carrots for their foliage, but for flowers, especially sweet-seen tfd ones, he has a perfect passion, and contrives to have plenty all the year round. It may seem strauge that a man with his reputation for cruelty should occupy himself so much with the refinements and elegancies of life, but it is nevertheless one of his chief characteristics. Besides his love of flowers, he is very fond of singing birds, which he keeps in wonderful French cages in all of his verandahs.' The Ameer has no regular time for meals, sleeping, working, aud eating as the appetite i-eizes him, but apart from this disorganising liabit his palaces are kept in most orderly manner. His servants talk to and reason with him . in quite patriarchal fashion, and are liable to sudden disgrace or as sudden elevation. One day Mii-s Hutnilton was surprised to see tbe old door-keeper riding out in great style with a retinue of servants, and dis covered that he had just been made Governor of Kandahar. In conafquence domestic service with the Amec-r is sought by the ' first families.' The Ameer told the Doctor tlat the ' forward policy ' on the Indian frontier could be produc tive of no good, as the further north the British pushed the more the Hill tribes would resent it, and these tribesmen could never be tamed or made to submit to any rule, but especially net to the rule of ' infidels.' He has effected a marvellous change for the butter during bis own 17 years rule in Afghanistan. He rewards good work of any kind handsomely, and any farmer or shepherd who raises an exceptionally good plant, or fruit, or beast, or any man who makes any good thing, hurries to send it to him certain of appraval. His great idea is to make Afghanistan self con tained, and have everything used in it manufac tured there, and so he is always endeavouring to find out the constituents of any article he uses. A third magazine of the batch is ' The Lady's Realm,' the April issue of which is a ' Special Spring Number ' in handsome dress. This par ticular number, besides the special matter, prose and verse, relating to the season is redolent of royally. The first article cbatf of Priucess Maud of Wales, now Princess Charles of Denmark, another describes the extraordinary (albeit won derfully beautiful) architectural achievements of the mad King of Bavaria, and still another is by the Queen of Eoumania. 