A STRANGE COMPANION. 1 " Dead men tell no tales. Humph ! 1 know better. Never believe such an absurd assertion, madam." It was a tall, thin gentleman, with a : irloomv countenance, and a hat of the som- brero style, who made this remark to me; and he came upon me in the wood path, very much as though he had been a ghost. Of course, it was not consistent with the laws of etiquette that he should speak, or that I should answer him, but I scarcely think that if Mrs. Grundy . herself should encounter in the woods, between post-office and farmhouse, a gentleman with such.- wild eyes, and such a curious way of rolling them about, that she would think, of anything but nullifying him. a Certainly I did not. I at once agreed with the stranger, and walked rather faster than before. " I trust you are not afraid of me, madam," said the stranger, noticing this latter fact. .. " I sincerely trust that . my abrupt address has not alarmed you. J have been so long exiled from society- that 1 scarcely know how to address its fair orna ments. I have no card ; no matter. You're not alarmed, madam?'' I said I was not. " As I saw you pass the spot where I lay under the trees, madam, it struck me that you were exactly the person I desired to con fide in. I consequently hastened after you. Perhaps, too, I may have desired to wain you that if you desire to be rid of a trouble some person, the very worst way is to kill him. Shut him up if you can ; chain him in some black dungeon ; but don't kill him. If you do, you never can get rid of him again — never, I assure you ; never. You can lock and bar a living person out, but dead onec come to you in your most private rooms, and, stand at your. bedside when you wake in the night, sit at your table, follow you where- ever you go." Here he looked over his shoulder, and I involuntarily looked over- mine. " If you're jealous of anyone, madam, don't kill her, no, no, no ! it's very foolish." " Nothing," I instantly agreed with him, " could be more foolish than to kill anyone." And I was glad to know he held to his belief, and hoped he would continue to hold it until I reached the farmhouse of the Simpkinses. " I am glad that we agree so well," said the stranger. " Madam, excuse my want of courtesy. Shall I offer you my arm over this rough pathway ?" I replied in a voice that sounded to my own ears, like the bleating of a very meek young lamb, that, if he pleased, he must ex cuse me. I was obliged to hold up my dress. He instantly assured me that my word was his law. " Before I made my grand mistake, I was known as Polite Patterson in the very ele gant circles in which I moved," he added ; " but since that I've become .a recluse. It was a grand mistake. Yes, yes ; I never should have killed him, never." I involuntarily gave a small shriek. " You realize at once how very foolish it was," said the tall gentleman, twisting his sombrero ; " but, yes— I killed him. I was very fond of her. Her name was Pamela Peyton, an heiress — that, however, was nothing to me. I loved her for herself, and she smiled upon me until he came ; and he was younger, handsomer, belter than I. . Ah ! yes, much better, much better. A pat tern young roan. Mothers begged their sons to imitate him ; and I — well,:. I confess madam, that besides being called Polite Pat terson, I had been called Wild Patterson. Yes, yes, it was the mamma who forced her to send me away, I know, I "know, and who encouraged him. Pamela liked me — poor Pamela — but I was driven away like a dog ; and I saw her walking with him, talking with him. Once, yes, once I saw him kiss her. > At that moment something happened to my brain. I've never mentioned it tc anyone, but I tell you now in confidence. I heard it snap. That is how I temporarily lost my judgment and killed him. Beg par don. Did I step on your dress ?" I said — " Oh ! no, not all," in a much meeker bleat than the previous one. "Yes, yes. I11 mv native town there is s long street well shaded - with trees, wliiclr- ir known as Long Road. One evening, just in the gloaming, I saw him walking along it. I walked a little behind him. On his little finger was a ring — a diamond. I knew he had bought it for her, that he would give it to her thafnight. I began to hate "him as I never hated him before.. .J began to make my grand mistake, by believing that if h'e were dead, he would be out of my way. I carried in those days a knife. _ J drew it from its hiding place. It was sharp. It glittered in the light. I walked a little faster. I was close behind him, but I had trodden so softly that he had hot heard me. He was humming a little tune, the tune of a French love song. The knife I plunged into his bade, and stopped a note in the middle and completed my mistake." The vista of leafy shadow spread long be fore us, and I dared not hasten my steps. " Yes, a great mistake," he said ; " a very great mistake. He lay on his face there, in the moonlight, and I heard him moan once or twice, and then gasp for breath. After awhile he was still. Then I stooped and touched him. How cold be was 1 On the little finger of the hand, that had clutched a tuft of soft spring grass in his dying agonies, her ring glittered. It looked up at me in the moonlight like a demon's eye. I rushed away and left him lying there. No one would ever know that I had killed him. Where do you think I went madam? Straight to Pamela's house. I had not been .here for two months, but I strode straight ,>ast the servant and into the passage. The ,'indow was open. There were no lights in \- he room, hut the moon fell across the floor, riiitsr and brighter than I had ever seen it efore. Near the window sat Pamela, but lefore I hould speak, I saw that we were not done. Someone had entered at the door with me, and passed before me now, and sat down beside her. It was the man I had just left dying in Long Road. I saw his sunny curls, his handsome face, the ring on his little finger. I saw him take the ring off and put it on her finger, and as he turned «o do so, I saw the knife I had stabbed him with sticking out of his back, and! saw that he was white and stiff as dead men are. 1 don't know any more about it. I don'tknow what I said. There .was a trial in court, and a prison, and I saw him lying in a coffin, and five minutes after sitting on a chair beside me. I've seen him ever since, just when I did not want to see him. For instance, now. There he comes. Excuse me for leaving you. I used to be called Polite Patterson in my youth. I know I should escort you to your door ; but I can't. Introduce a dead man with a knife sticking out of his back to you — to;any lady. Adieu." To my great relief he snatched off his sombrero, made a low bow, and dashed away into the woods again ; while I ran the other way as I never ran before in all mv life. In five minutes I met little Tommy Simp- kins driving homo the cows,, and in five minutes more, was safe within the farm house, where I narrated my adventure. "You've had a lucky escape," said Mrs. Simpkins. "I wonder you're alive. That's the loony gentleman that lives in the -hol low. He must have got away from the man that watches him. I believe he did kill a young man who cut him out with his girl twenty years ago, and he would have been hung, only they found he was crazy. He was in an asylum a long while, but his folks are rich, and they have him kept here now. I believe he's not dangerous, but he's rather strange." At the time, I considered this a mild de scription . of - Mr. Patterson, and thanked Heaven that I had escaped violence at the hands of my strange companion. 