It THRODGH TIE VBNISHED SOUTH POLE, I ' ByGXTSTAP DILLBERG, f Author of ' Pitman's Trust,' and Other Stories, etc. j ?*r — [Atii Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XXVin. A hemakkable discovery. 'Unliooking tho padlock -wo struggled with itlie bont pieco of iron, wliicli it once had . .served to seouro, and at last we managed to ' raise the lid. My curiosity was now thoroughly ?whetted and I eagerly peered into the cavity, divulged to our gaze. . In its dark recesses, i,n,»nTO.. T pnnld rliKnnvnr nnthino- but what appeared to me to be mouldered leaves. Smidi explained that it had been the customary tiling to cover the relic with aromatic leaves, which, at one time, were annually renewed before the Zenas came. The last homage, thus paid to tlie relic, dated back many years ? giro, and now the leaves had turned to dust. The latter we shovelled away, and at last my liands touched something firm. Its surface was uneven and liere and there I felt some ' thin' which I took to bo metal. I could not imagino what it was. Stooping over the cd'e of the box I put head and shoulders into it,°bat failed to make out its contents. I could notpersuade Smidi to assist mo to lift it. It was taboo to him and no words of mine ? could overcome his scruples. Time after time I tried to lift it, but could not manage it. I then asked Smidi to fetch me a hand-lamp from my domicile, a request which he at once foil in with, eagerly hurrying away for one. He was as anxious to see tho relic as I was. Whilst waiting for his return I employed the time in preparing a place near an opening ia the wall where there was plenty of light, by which I would by and by be able to examine tho now tantalizing mystery in broad daylight. ; '1 Hardly had I finished my preparations when Smidi returned with the desired article. ? Turning on the light I lowered the lamp into the box and beheld a dark surface with raised lumps here and there. So far I was no wiser than before. Giving the lamp to Smidi to bold I again tried to raise tho object. Being now able to see what I was doing, after many ineffectual attempts, I managed to raise a square thick thing, evidently secured by metallic bands. With the treasure securely clasped in my arms I carried it to the- place I had prepared for its reception. Pulling out of iny pocket a rag, which I generally carried there for purposes o£ rifle cleaning, I set to work upon the metal portions of the article I had just brought to light. With vigorous rubbing and a liberal allowance of sand, I soon proved the metal to be silver. My next discovery was that there were three silver clasps extending across the ono side. Tho non-metallic portion would not become clean, but with persistent riibbing I found it was leather. Leather sides, covered with silver bands and things resembling clasps, made me think of a book, especially as the shape of the article was not unlike one. But such an idea seemed absurd. How in the name of all that is mysterious could a book come into this place ? With the exception of us Britishmen there was not a soul on the whole surface of this world who. could read or write. Whero could a book have sprung from? From nowhere but the Upper Crust, and as it could , nothave come by itself who could have brought it? Open and see, a voice in me counselled. 'f Even at tho risk of breaking the clasps I forced one after tho other open. [ now only had to raise what I took to be the cover and I would solve the mystery. Yet my hands refused to perform the function. Tremblingly I stood before it for several minutes with my fingers grasping the edge. Then, arousing myself out of my reverie, I caused my hands to perform their duty of lifting, and the edge of tho upper surface described a semi- circle. It was a book. It was a Bible printed in English, though in now unfamiliar German characters, such as wero in use in Britain centuries ago. I stared at it as if it wore a ghost. A ghost it was of times departed in another world many years ago. How had an English Bible found Its way to this place ? After all Smidi's ancestors had not only como from the Upper L/i'UBU UUU Lliuy I1U.U (ll/buuuy UUUiU J.LULLL UllV own beloved country. This discovery accounted for tho many idioms and other similarities in the local ?dialect which reminded us of our ownlanguago ; it also accounted for the Anglo-Saxon appearance of our new allies. It explained \ many things, excepting how the book and its primary owners had come here. That was a mystery which could not bo explained. --It was humiliating to learn that after all we were not the original discoverers and pioneers of this inner world. Who wero the intrepid Britishmon who had forestalled us by hundreds of years ? Possibly a name was to be found on tho fly-leaf, which might answer that question. I turned the leaves back till tho fly-leaf lay open to view. Ou it was written, by an untrained hand, in largo straggling letters : ' John Smith, Master of the Bonny Lass, Dundee, 1G3G !' John Smith, thoa member of that largo family, even hither to another world hast thou ?carried that everywhere prevailing name. Almost with reverence did I transfer my gaze from the book to Smidi, whero he stood ?eagerly watching mo. 'Do you know what this is, Smidi?' I asked with tho suspicion of a quaver in mv voice. _ 'A relic brought bysmy first ancestor,' ho simply replied. ' Yes, it is ii relic which your first ancestor brought whon he camo here, and his name was . John Smith. Prom him you have derived the fcamoof Smidi. Howovordid he get lioro?' 'Ho camo from tho north,' he replied in tho same matter of fact tone. 'Possibly. But how did ho get to the north ?' ' Ho came from tho sun, like yourselves, prcbably.' ' Yes, from tho sun as you call it, and wreat Britain as wo call it. But from there to hero is a long impassablo distance. IIow tuu no anil his companions QQyer it ?' LLa.— UB,... ? J.L . ? ' ? 'To the Sons of tho Sun everything is' possible,' Smidi dogmatically answered. Nothing could bo gained by crossquestion ing him. Again I rivetted my gnze upon the interesting pago. Below the name I discovered some writing almost obliterated, originally written with something which was neither ink nor pencil ; it possibly had been scratched with a point of pointed lead. Holding my lamp close to the page I managed to decipher the contents, which I here render in modern English. I was compelled to desistfrom copy ing it as it was actually writton after making several ineffectual attempts. It read as follows : 'I, John Smith, master and owner of the whaler Bonny Lass from Dundee, two years uuu, wriiu luis -viuu my u\yu imuu m my uwu Bible. May the Lord who made this book and this awful ice, have mercy tipon us. We are jammed in the ice and may be crushed to pieces any moment.' No date, or latitude and longitude was given. These lines were no doubt written somewhere in the Arctic Ocean more than two centuries ago. Another very faint inscription followed, written some time later on gave the following information respecting the Bonny Lass and her crew : ' Bonny Lass is crushed in the ice, but we have managed to save our two boats. North ward is open water !' These short'sentences, read in practically another world, graphically told of a tragedy which occurred when Charles I was on the throne, in a portion of the world which probably had never been visited by man, and perhaps has never been since. Nevertheless, what then befel Smidi's ancestors has happened to many others, both before and since. The polar ice; has been the executioner and grave to many human beings hailing from Great Britain and other countries. John Smith, and at least a portion ' of his crew seem to have been comparatively more fortunate in their misfortunes than many other people wrecked amongst the ice. The page was not yet exhausted as a source of information: further very faint items of news followed on. The next entry read as follows : ' Going back is impossible. We have managed to reach open water by dragging the boats over the ice. We are proceeding north ward: Whereto the Lord only knows. May He have mercy upon us.' The next item was of startling interest : ' 3?or many days we have sailed along open water, always northward. We have reached a small island, which may be the North Pole itself.' Haviner conied this marvellous news item. new, though centuries old, I excitedly con tinued : ' This island is a mere shell. Its centre is hollow. We are nearly frozen to death, and are starving. We must go down the big hole in search of warmth.' ' Glory be to God. It is much warmer down here. We have found several birdsnests with big eggs in them. We need aot die from starvation at present. The climb down is long and difficult. How to get back wo know not.' ' Nothing but tremendous mountains. We have probably reached Siberia by a subter ranean passage.' ' Wo have reached inhabited land. Who the people are we do not know. They are kind to us, and here we will rest.' The last entry read : ' My days are numbered. I leave behind me many children and friends. May the,Lord bless and keep them. Amen.' Reverently I continued to gazq, upon these records, aftsr I had once deciphered them. What a history they contained in a few words ! What possibilities of sorrow aud joy, privation, hardship, and blessings did they not convey ! They also contained a history of an important epoch in a great nation's history. T ? : ? t? iiu j- icuuyuiiuu luul Luusu piunuurs, who brought civilization — as we understand it — to this new world, were Britons. These ancient Scottish whalers had discovered another world, accessible to our own, yet undreamt of by our greatest scientists living, or ;merely remembered, or forgotten. They had not only discovered it but had left indelible marks of Anglo-Saxon pluck and character istics upon the people amongst whom tlioy dwelt. . I closed tho book and returned it to its ancient resting place. Well may it bo con sidered sacred in more ways than one. In silence I withdrew. My mind was too full for words. Immersed in deep thought my legs carried me in homeward direction. I had become quite oblivious of Smidi's presenco, tho chief of tho Brindonas patiently waiting for me to speak. When about half way on my road his patience came to an end. ' Tho relic of my ancestors has evidently impressed you move than I over would ' have anticipated, What is it ? Did you understand it?' I did, Smidi. And I learnt from it that your ancestors camo from the same place as we Aeriola people do. Therefore you are of British descent.' ' I told you that they came from tho sun,' he proudly replied. ' That is the reason why we Brindonas are so much like you.' ' Yes, we are all descendants from thesame j stock. If you know our languago and dressed as wo do, you might easily pass anywhere for Britons,' I assured him, an admission which greatly pleased him. As soon as I could do so, without liurtin'' his feelings, I took leave of Smidi in order to be alono with my thoughts, and many and variod wore the romances I wove around tho ancient mariners who once upon a timo had lived in this very city. How long I thus strolled about, forgetful of my surroundings, I do not know. Whoa I arrived homo it was very lato iu tlio day. Jack was in when I entered. ' What is up, Georgo ?' ho at onco asked. ' Are tho Zenas arriving, or what is the matter. You look as if you had seen a ghost. ' If I have not seen an actual ghost I havo seen tho ghost of a ghost.' 'Ai-e you quite awake, old boy?' Jack asked, closely scrutinizing mo. ' You think me strange, and woll I may bo. Read that.' I handed him the copy I had made of the entries which had been hidden away in the Bible for centuries. - ' Your handwriting! What is it all about ?' ' Read ou, and you will see !' ' John Smith, of Bonny Lass, Dundee, 1636\. Very interesting, no doubt, but who is J.1 ? i. * » T ? unnm fr* fnVft bUIB JJiU'LIUUliU lJUUU ^UILULX JUU. vv ? such an interest in ?' I told him, as graphically as I could, whore and how I had written what was to bo seen on that slip of paper. Without asking further questions lie eagerly read and re- read its contents. With astonishment and wonder clearly written in his face, he at last looked up and asked : ' Do you think it is genuine ?' ' Of course it is genuine ! As no one on the whole surface of this earth is able to read or write, who is there to- forge a thing like this, especially as it is written in English. And the old English Bible in itself is evidence enough of its genuineness. The whole thing is real onough, though it is the most marvellous of all tho marvels we havo come across in this inner world.' ' An English Bible in Brindonaland ! You may well say that this beats anything we have as yet experienced. But it is an awful disap pointment to find that these old fellows have forestalled us. Had they been of any other nationality than our own it would havo beon too bad. How did John smith and Uo. ever manage to get down the North Pole, and reach this spot ?' ' According to the meagre information supplied tho ancient marineis climbed down. There must be another funnel at the North Pole, with sides rugged and sloping, and of comparatively short depth. You notice^ that he- mentions a subterranean passage, and enormous mountains. I conclude that at that part of our planet the inner and outer crusts are joined together by some high mountain top, otherwise they could never have reached this place on foot.' ' It must be as you say. What awful things they must have experienced bofore they anchored themselves in Brindorialand.' ' Shipwrecked people generally do before they are rescued. But the fact remains they did reach Brindonaland. It is now easy to realize that British blood flows in tho'veinsof the people of this country.' ' That accounts for their great pluck,' Jack concluded, in real insular .fashion, entirely ignoring the fact that the Zenas wore just as brave and plucky. 4 , ' The old Scottish captain's account leads me to conclude that at the North Pole of this inner world the inside of the Upper Crust must be visible for some distance, at any rate. If that is so tho door is open for us to return to our own world whenever wo feel so inclined. I vote that when these Zena troubles are over ? ? ? J 1 ? ? 1 ? i. ? ? ? TSTJ ? Ll. WU gU Up clLLU IlUVt) U JLUUiX UU UUl' UWJ-L J-1ULLU Pole from above.' ' Just the thing I should like to do this very moment, but we cannot leave our friends at this critical time. The Zenas may be bore any moment, and we must see things throiigh as wo set the ball rolling. ' I wonder if any of the people belonging to this world have ever been so far north as to see the Upper Crust?' ' A Banda crew may possibly have strayed that far, though I doubt it. If they ever had their inherent curiosity would have induced them to explore the funnel and possibly led them to discover the upper surface of our oWn world. If they ever had got so far we wohld be sure to have heard of it, provided of course that they survived it to tell the tale.' I ' In any case, if tlioy did get there, the new climate would have been sufficient to deter them from repeating the experiment. I wondor what their opinion wpuld be of snow and ice?' ' Probably that it was very unpleasant magic, like everything else, which they fail to understand.' ? ' If wo ever return to our own world of civilization we have news for the public in more ways than ono. It will startle some of them that wo have discovered the North Pole from below, via tho South Pole. We may yet bccomo famous, and be remembered in times to como.' 'Don't build your castles too high. 'I greatly doubt whether our word would bo credited. The scientists and othor learriod men up above would consider us a new and im proved edition of Baron Munchausen. We must not return empty handed. Wo must bring back with us something which must convince the most sceptical being under the sun. What should we bring?' ; ' Tha Brindonas would never permit ub; to tako away their Bible, and oven its ovidonce would bo doubted. What do you say i to' bringing Mrs. Jack?' ; ' No thank you. I prefer to have my word doubted to such evidence.' 'A Zena or two and a few pigmies might do. But even tlioy would not provo con vincing.' ' No live stock would be any good. Nor would gold and platinum. A livo Banda might be credited, but I would not like the responsibility of bringing it to London, dead or alive.' ' Nor I either.' ' I am afraid that wo aro looking too far ahead. Wo havo first to boat the Zenas. Who knows if they will nfEora us the oppor tunity to over return.' ' I wonder what tlioy aro doing all this wliilo. They must bo making extraordinary preparations for crushing us offoctively this time.' ' Lot us go and find out for ourselves what tlioy aro up to.' ? 'I am longing for another cruise. At present wo can bo spared hero, and we would bo profitably employed learning how the land lies than stopping hero waiting and waiting. Let us inform Smidi of our intentions.' Before tho day was over tho whole citv know that wo intended to go away onco more in search of news. ? Our proposal was hailed with satisfaction as woll as opposition. Oar frionds feared that they might be attacked during our absonco, in which caso they would bo without a leader, but when wo assured them that no extensive attack could be made without our previous knowledge tlioy became pacified. Having obtained thoir sanction wo prepared to mako an early start. As tho new defence works demanded tho presenco of our Aeriola men, now prominont officors in the Brindona army, wo dccided to take with us only Pat and tho cook. Smidi, being now tho chiof of a people, conld not accompany us. As -we intended to avoid all fighting, wo considered ouv crew ample. Next morning wo sped through space once more. (To Jjo continued.') 