Catholic Notes. The Catholic Strain in Shake speare. Masterly Address by Dr. Barry. Db. William Baeey delivered an extremely interesting lecture on "The Catholic Strain in Shakespeare," at the Archbishop's house, London, recently. The lecturer pointed out that in the Shake speare country there existed side by side in Shakespeare's time a strong Catholic and a strong Puritan element. John Hunt, Shakespeare's schoolmaster, was undoubtedly a Puritan. The Ardens, from whom came Mary Arden, the mother of Shakespeare, were a family of Catholics who had stood up against Leicester in defence of their faith. Arden and his son-in-law were executed on a charge of conspiring to mur der the Queen. Becords confirmed Carter's suspicion that John Shakespeare was a Puritan, for he is named as being concerned in pulling down altars, images, crucifixes, &c.; He was disposed to regard the father, who was mentioned in Sir Thomas Lucy's list of recusants as one of those who stayed away from church in fear of arrest, as a Puritan recusant, there being both Catholic and Puritan recusants. Turning to the plays, Dr. Barry said the form of Shakespeare's plays was not Puri tan, it was not modern. Leaving out the Boman plays, let them compare others with Puritan treatment of the same sub jects. " King John " was derived from a previously existing strongly anti- Catholic play, "The Troublesome Beign of King John," in which the King is poisoned by a monk. In those days, when the utmost prejudice was cherished about monks and nuns, Shakespeare omitted from his play every single thing offensive to monks and nuns. He did not introduce monks into his plays at all, but friars he introduced, and invariably they were edifying and wise, and filled with human kindliness, witness Friar Lawrence in " Borneo and Juliet," and Friar Francis in " Much Ado about Noth ing." That humanity and kindliness in the friars was essentially a Catholic note. In Puritan literature there was a gloom which treated human nature harshly, as evidenced in Carlyle, in whom they recog nized the gloomy leaven of Calvin. So in his treatment of the supernatural was the poet Catholic. He did not read with facility French or Italian, and yet from the translations alone his genius was able to draw out the true Catholic spirit. In "Henry V." they had Shakespeare's mir ror for Christian Kings, the type of mediseval chivalry, a man ■who, having passed through the discipline of penance, showed himself a perfect Catholic in the earnestness of his faith and self-denial. Compare him with the last of all Shake speare's kings, Henry VIII. As the plays were Catholic in material and in form, so were they in spirit. A critic, seeing the play of " Kichard II." in Munich, played in German, was deeply impressed with the way in which the Catholic doctrine of repentance was set forth, and the chasten ing that came from repentance. Kichard II. was the type of a penitent Catholic king. It was a spiritual drama in which the young man having run a course of wantonness and profligacy was not justified without works. There was no trace of the Puritan dogma of the time. It was by the discipline of sorrow that Kichard came to see the vanity of all things. The play con tained the true idea of repentance. So did " Kichard III." in his dream and remorse. In "Macbeth" they had the progress of temptation laid bare. In " Hamlet" and "Macbeth" they had the supernatural. Hamlet was a Catholic, and so was the Ghost, or he had no business there ask ing for prayers for the dead. It was quite counter to Puritan teaching. He said Puritan, for there were only Protestants and Catholics—Anglo-Catholics he did not recognize. They were a piebald sect con sisting of weak-minded Catholics who did not want to be Protestants. After dealing with the men among Shakespeare's characters, Dr. Barry agreed that Shakespeare was most creative in his female characters. Notwithstanding the influence of Greene and liis predecessors in an age of unbridled licence and a Court of most infamous corruption, the women of Shakespeare illustrated the highest ideals of Catholic virtue and purity. The simple purity of Ophelia, the perfect Christian character of Isabella, who would sacrifice her life and the life, too, of her brother rather than yield up her stainless purity ; the loyalty of Imogen, the unearthly inno cence of Miranda, the suffering constancy of the wronged Hermione in the " Winter's Tale," and the last of Shakespeare's women, Katherine, in " Henry VIII.," showed the grandeur of Shakespeare's conception of the Christian woman, and with unerring truth showed the source of his inspirations in the Catholic ideal of woman. The lectu rer went on to deal with the scenes of " Henry VIII., " which are now acknow ledged to be the work of at least one other hand, of Fletcher, and perhaps others. The forgiveness of injuries came out as the supreme virtue, and was supremely illus trated in " King Lear" and in " The Tem pest." Righteousness — he made clear throughout—was in the heart of things, was in their nature. This was not the Puritan idea, which placed men under a strong power, which need not be righteous. Shakespeare showed a strong moral element which divided him from the Puritan. This sense of a moral law was the supreme idea which bound all the plays in one, and made them the glorification of Catholic Truth. 