A Christmas Fairy Story. It was the usual family Christmas gathering at Welford Grange, Mr. and Mrs. Price have just wel comed the last arrival, ind everybody ia beginning to settle down. The old house resounds with the merry voices of children, reminding their elders of their own child hood and. youth. At last it is Christmas Eve. No on has been idle that day. The great wide ball is like a bower in the middle of summer. All the shrubs and plants have been taken from the hot-house to decorate it, and mistletoe is hanging from every spare place. The church m the village has not been forgotten. iXLCMIJ Ul fcUO C11U7I. UUCB 11HY43 tiCDU IU UC1U WO .yUU-UK^ ladies at the parsonage to brighten up the holy place for the coming festival. Evening has come, and a very merry party in deed it is that has met in that large hall for early dinner. At last dinner is over, and the young people have danced aud played till quite tired. All are seated in the warm cosy hall talking and laughing, when one of the younger children stole quietly up to his grandmother, and whispered ' Grandmamma, are we to have a story to-night ?' ' Certainly, my love,' replied the lady, ' why do you ask ? ' ' Oh, grandmother,' said the child, ' Reggie and I have been talking about it, and we thought, that, if you did not mind, we would like a fairy story in stead of a ghost story.' ' -Tery well, my dear,' replied Mrs. Price, ' but we must ask the others if they would wish for the change.' After some time they all agreed that it would be very much nicer, hut grand mamma must tell it. «? My dears, my dears !' exclaimeed that lady, ' how can you ask me to do that ? I am too old.' ' What nonsense, grandma ! ' Baid Bertie, the youngest child present, ' you can do anything in the world ; my mother said so.' At which they all laughed and said that Bertie was beginning early to make compliments. Mrs. Price having consented, her younger grand children nestled closer to her, for they fondly loved their gentle grandmother. After a pause the lady began :— ' You know my dear children there are no real fairies, but many years ago people believed there were, and it pleased them and helped them in many ways. ' They said some were good and others were bad fairieB or elves. They thought of them as we think of the angels. ' Well, many years, ago, as the story goes, there lived an ugly, old elf, named Torment, who was the terror of all the village people. ' He taught naughty boys aud girls to tease one another, and poor dumb animals as well. ' Many Door mothers wished they could find some one able to kill this wicked old elf, but they could not. 'They sent to the fairies to ask them if they could help them. ** The Queen, who was a good, gentle fairy, sent one after another of her little subjects to try what they could do. It was no use. He was so very old and hardened that no matter bow they tnsd him he only laughed at them and teased them. '* One of tiie fairies who was Bent was named Mercy. This fairy went bravely to the old ruins w Here be lived and asked to see him. He came stamping along,* and when be saw the tiny creature he fairly screamed with laughter. , ' ' Ha, ha, ha,' he roared, ' you're a nice dainty little thing. Come and I will cook you for my sup per.' '? * No, yon will not,' said the fairy with great aignity. - I am not for your supper to-night' ' ? Well, then, what do you want ? ' he yelled. ' Make haste, I'm in a hurry.' '? He thought to frighten the fairy,but he was mis taken. ?« « You want to know what I want, do you ? ' she said, in a sweet, low tone. ' * Yes, I do,' be answered, * so be quick.' ' Then the fairy said,' The people in yonder village are in great trouble. They say you teach their children to be cruel and unkind to one mother, and to dumb animals .* ' * Well, what of that ? ' interrupted the elf. ' ' It makes the parents very unhappy,' con tinued the fairy. ' ' Unhappy ! ' laughed the elf. ' You make a mistake, Miss Fairy, the children are never bo happy as when the are in mischief, or teasing someone or something.' ' ? That may be,' replied Mercy, « but God does not love such things. He likes to see children kind, loving, and merciful.' ' 'I don't want to be preached to.'growled the elf, ' tell me what you want with me and begone.' ' The fairy could see he was working himself intoa rage, so she said, ' * My queen bas sent me to you to beg you not to trouble the people any more. My name is Mercy, and I iove little children who are good, and am sorry for the naughty ones. ' ' The Queen bids me tell you,' she continued, ' that if you do not listen to her message, she will find the means to punish you without mercy.' ' ' Tell your Queeu for me,' he shouted, ' that she can do her worst.' '* With that he shut the door with a loud bang, and Mercy was left alone. ' The poor little fairy was quite unhappy, and went along slowly aud thoughtfully till she reached her home. . ' Then she told her mistress of her ill-BuccesB. *? ? He 28 bo hard -hearted and cruel, yptir Majesty,' sobbed the little creature. ' I am sura there is no hope of him.' Jjf/ ' ' Cheer, up, my dear,' said 7&e; Queen, * we shall see.' ' Alter a time there was rumours that the elf was very ill, and the people began to hope their children would behave themselves once more. He was so ill that it was thought he would die. But he did not. ' He began to get well, but he was bo very weak and helpless that he could not protect himself against the naughty uttle boys he had taught to be so cruel and unkind. *? They thought it would be good fun to tease him bow. So they went to the old ruins aud hammered on the door as hard as they could. Then they threw stones and broke the windows. All this made the elf very cross, and he vowed he would have bis revenge as Boon as he was quite welL ' One day, while the boys were tormenting him, Mercy came along and spoke to them. She told them \- how unkind it was for them to tease the poor elf while he was so ill. ' They all loved the fairy so much that they left the place and went home. *? Then. Mercy knocked geotly at the door, and a gruff voice told her to come in. ' She opened the door very quietly and went in. ' UlneBs had not improved the wicked Uttle elf's looks. He was thin and worn with pain and Buffering. *' Mercy went near to him, aud laying her soft, cold hand on tus hot head, said in a low, sweet tone, * I am bo sorry to see you so ill and worn. Have you suffered much ? * ' ' Yes,'' he said, ' I have suffered more than I ever did in my life. I have been here all alone, with no one to speak to me nor {rive me even a drink of water. I have been racked with fever, and my head seemed to burst with pain. It is not all gone yet. But your hand is so nice and cool ; I wish, you would stay with me.' ?? ' I cannot stay very loDg,' said the fairy : ? I have a great many calls to make.' ' ' Do you remember me 5' she continued. '* He looked at her, aud said, ' Yes ; you are the good little fairy Mercy.' ' * What did 1 tell you the last time I saw you V she said. ' The elf looked ashamed, and told Mercy her words had come true. ' * Do you know what my name means ?' she said. ' No ? I will tell you. It means pity. I knew my mistress was punishing you, so I begged her to have pity. She has heard all your sighs and cries for mercy, so she haB sent me to tell you that she will make you well on condition that you do not terrify the people any more.' *' ? I do not know what to do,' groaned the elf. ' You see, I have been a torment all my life, and it will be so hard to give up what is my nature. Is there any hope for me ?' ' ' Yes,' said the fairy ; ' my mistress seat me to give you hope.' ** * Now I will leave you,* she continued. * You can think over what I have said, and make up yonr mind. You know this is Christmas Eve, and every body ought to be ha^py. Good-bye, and try to sleep.' ' So saying, the fairy vanished. ' The poor, sick little elf soon after fell asleep, and all the wicked things be had done and caused othera to do passed through bis mind, and made him so uneasy that he cried out in'his sleep, ' There's no hope for me.' '* Then he heard a soft voice saying, - Yes, there is hope, even for worse than you, if you repent of all your wickedness.' 'After that his rest became calm, and he heard another voice which Baid, ' I am Peace. This is the time of the year when everybody should be happy, because God sent His Sou into the world to bring 'Peace and goodwill to all men.' ' ** Then the elf opened his eyes aud saw a bright little creature, who said her name was Peace. *' She looked at him so kindly and lovingly that he burst into tews. He said he was truly sorry far all he had done, and promised he would never do wrong again. So Peace left him. He kept his word, and tried his best to make good friends with the village people/' Just as Mrs. Price finished her story the church bells began to peal, and the waits were heard in the distance singing their hymns and carols. *' I thank vou very much, grandma,' said Beggie aud Konald, the two little ones who bad suggested the fairy story. 'May you all profit by it,' said the squire. ' We all have our faults, but we can. overcome them by prayer and repentance. ' Now I must wish yon, one and all, * A Very Merry Christmas,' as here come the carol singers, and they expect something for their siDging.' MAB. Sarah Bemhardt's father was a faggot- jtatberer, and beat his daughters so often that Sarah ran away at 14, as her elder sister had already done. Bruised, ragged, and living on crusts, she encountered a poor artist at his easel in the woods. Learning that he came from Paris and was about to return, she coaxed him to take her with him. Soon after reaching the capital he was evicted by his landlord, and Sirah was rescued from the street by a conven tual sister, became a dressmaker, and finally entered the Comedie Francaise as a pupil. How she im proved her opportunities there the world knows. She holds to * conviction that she will die of con sumption. 