CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR NOTES. [Published by Special Arrangement.] " [All communications for this colnnm to be forwarded to the " Superintendent ot the Press Department," C.K. Officas, Beaconsfleld Bnildings. Notes published in "The Evening Journal" every Wednesday.] The late Professor Henry Drummond said, "The Kingdom of God is not going to religious meetings and hearing strange religions experiences; the Kingdom of God is doing what is right, living at peaoe with all men, being filled with joy in the Holy Ghost." . Said Charles Kingsley—"Philemon had gone forth to see tbe world and he bad aeen it; and he had learnt that God's kingdom was not a kingdom of fanatics yelling for a doctrine, but of willing, loving, obedient hearts." Joy in heaven—Seven conversions at Athelstone Wesleyan Church on Sunday. The revised constitution of the 3.A. C.E. Union passed by the„executive was approved at a general meeting "of Endeavourere held in St. Luke's Schoolroom on Monday night. C.E. Crusade. Our West Torrena Endeavourers who are in the Park Lands croude work track the Sunday gamblers, some of whom are mere lads, up the Tomns River, and think nothing- of walking a few miles in the blazing sun to speak to the Sabbath-desecrators. The other Sunday some of the Endeavonren came in for rather rough treatment at the hands of the youthful larrikins. Still they are undaunted. They do not appear to be like some of their fellow-Christians, who, knowing that evils exist around them, can yet comfortably ait in their pews and presumably think that Christianity on Sunday consist* of listening to nice sermons. Municipal Election Incident. Public positions, like misfortunes, bring strange bedfellows. A Northern town was placarded with requests to Vote for " ." The words were specially prominent aoross, the front 1 of hotels, and one placard bore, in addition, the invitation "Vote for——, or 'Christ and the Church.'" Acquaintances wondered at the alliance, and marvelled at the sudden conversion of one who was mora famous as Saul than Paul in his loyalty to the Society which has adopted this world-wide motto. Sudden conversions are often subjected to suspicion, and this candidate found he was no exception to the rule, for despite the tahwman adopted, he was defeated. People are now anxiously asking if he will continue to identify, himself with the motto, or whether it was an expedient to catch the nnwary munidipal voter; The Anti- TotaUzaterCKmpaign. An Anti - Totalizator League has been formed. The South Australian Christian Endeavour Union were largely responsible for convening a reoent Conference of representatives of all religious and kindred bodies on. the question; and now a League, inaugurated solely for the purpose of repealing the totalizator, ' is in existenoe. Our Endeavonren will need to work and pray, and pray and work and do their very utmost if they -wish to see victory on their aide, for they may depend that raoing organizations and their thousands of supporters will use all their efforts and money to keep the machine. Do not underrate the power of the other aide. Person aL Rev. H. H. Teague, formerly of South Australia, is Christian Citizenship Superintentendent in the Tasmanian Union. Kev. E. B. Turner has been re-elected President of the Port Adelaide Distriot Union for a second year. Judging by his outspoken and seasonable remarks at the quarterly social of the South Australian Sunday-school Union in Archerstreet Church, on Monday evening, Mr. W. Burford, the new President of the UDion, is just the man to help to direct affairs in connection with the anti-gambling oampaign which has been begun. Would that all Christian men followed his example in going-: dead against the totalizator, a legalised evil which is ruining hundreds of our foung men. Many people think that it is right to bet because Parliament has declared this' gambling machine to be legal, and because so many legislators indulge in the practice themselves. The sooner this fallacy is exploded by the abolition of the machine the better. The Rev. W. G. Marsh, Incumbent of St. Luke's, Adelaide, is one of the few clergymen of the English Churoh in Australia who are in the forefront of the Christian Endeavour movement. The South Australian Union iB fortunate in having suoh a large-hearted, fervent-spirited, and np-to-date minister amongst its officers. Mr. Marsh oooupies a Vice-Presidency in our colonial Union for A seoond year, and has the honour of being a Vice-President of the Council of the Australasian United Society. He was one of the chosen representatives of the South Australian Executive at Melbourne, '98, and' delivered a powerful speech in the Melbonrne Exhibition Building aeainst the totalizator which the Victorian sporting community are so anxious to legalise. It was one of the great speeches of the Convention, and fairly "caught" the immense audience at the Christian Citizenship meeting. As a platform speaker Mr. Marsh is vigorous and effective. He does not suit everybody, of course; he epeaks too straight for some people. He declares truth and exposes evil with a fearless tongue. Before be entered upon the Incumbency of St. Luke's nearly three years ago, he was at Armadale, Victoria, but prior to that he had charge of the Churoh at Lara, near-Geelong. He was General Secretary of the Melbourne Young Men's Christian Association for thirteen years, and his splendid organizing powers and administrative ability were largely responsible for raising the institution to its present high position. General regret was expressed when he retired en account of the strain upon his health, but he still retains tne deepest interest in Y.MC.A. work, as is evinced by his active association with the Adelaide Y.MC.A., of which he is a respected Vice- President. After taking orders he was for some time Secretary of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund—an institution equivalent to the Bishop's Home Mission in Sonth Australia. There is no more beloved minister in the colony than Mr.. Marsh, whose broadmindedness. evangelical spirit, and remarkable geniality have endeared him to our Christian community irrespective of denominational divisions. He is an ideal pastor for St. Luke's, which has one of the most flourishing C.E. Societies in South Australia, Report. Payneham Primitive Y.P. Society spent a helpful time at their meeting on November 23\. The topic was "Personal responsibility." RomanB xiv. waa read, the leaders speaking on tbe responsibility of influence, and the need of charity and forbearance towards others' opinions and weaknesses. Our duty as regards sending the glad news of salvation to the heathen was not forgotten. At the close a Missionary-Club was formed, the role of which will be'that each member shall pay a penny a week towards mission work. We trust that renewed zeal and energy will re- Bult. Eight joined for a start; others have joined since.—S. S. 