Telegrams. SYDNEY, Saturday. Sm Edward BraddoN thinks that Podora lion will bo dofinitoly sottlod witliiu throo months. . . Tho Fromior promisos otmy logiBlation to pro vido for tho inspection of moat, nnd has author ised tho iippoiutmont of throo additional inspoc tors at Globo Island Abbattoirs. It is proposed to brand all moat passod by Govorumont in nnnotoi'd. Mr. Varnoy Parkos, addressing his constit uents' at Entlold yostorday, said ho was con vincod that tho Promior's Fodoral resolutions would bo accoptod by tho othor colonios, and that tho amondod bill would bo prosontod for tho poople's approval within 12 months. Iho Kogistrnr iu Bankruptcy to-day again committod B. W. Bonnot to guol for fourtoou days for provarication aud an evasion whilo giv ing ovidonco in tho Horton enso. J. P. T. Caulliod has instituted pvocoodings against John Norton for allogod libol. Dam ages aro laid at £3000. Alfrod Firth, socrotary of tho North Shoro Gas Company, was arreBtod this morning on a chargo of ombozzling about £040 bolouging to tho company. Tho accused was brought bot'oro tho court and romandod. Mr. Firth, tho solic itor etatod, had practically confessod ovory thing. A man nainod Thomas Stewart, who rocontly hiul his log brokou, suicidod himsolf at Invoroll It is fitatod on tho boat authority that a goat has boon doiinitoly lixod for Mr. Barton, who will ontor Pnrliamont as soon as tho M 'Sharry award is givon. Tho Opposition has docidod not to opposo any of tho now Ministers. SYDNEY, Monday. Tho Daily Teleghai'H says if tho Opposition rofrain from opposing tho Ministors it is thoir own affair, but tho Govornmont aro not tmdur tho slightest obligation to assist tho Opposition in securing Mr. Barton's ontry into tho Assombly. Tho mail stoamor Oritava on Saturday took 97U boxes of butter for London. Tho victims of tho push assault cases on Saturday night aro in a rathor sorious condition. Several arrests havo boou offoctod. William Honry Colo has boon romandod to Auckland under a provisional warrant charging him with stoaliug £2SG. It is anticipated that tho uncertainty in re gard to Mr. Barton's soat will bo despollod at an early date. A miser named Harvey, who died rocontly at Ballarnt, loft £900 to tho local hospital, besides othor small bequests. News reached Sydnoy yestorday of a torriblo massacro 111 tho Solomon Islands. Tho natives attacked tho trading schooner Soa Ghost. Tho captain was horribly butchered. Four natives mado a desporato fight, but woro soon overcome Tho vessel was ran ashoro, lootod and burnt. Tho captain's body was thrown overboard, and tho romaina of four of tho crew takou to tho village for u cannibal foast. 