Reminiscences of Father Watsford. By Mrs. Sophie Corrie. The fact that Father Watsford is now before the people of Sydney, as special pleader for revival religion, recalls one's recollections of the earlier days of his long and honoured career. He was ever an exponent of Penter costal Christianity, and one expects that he will advocate, with all the ardour of his earnest nature, apostolic simplicity and faith, and Holy Ghost enthusiasm fn f.ha nnrl nf Viia rloxra uv/ fww V«V4 yji. iii,j vaujju. -u UO iOUUllCU' tions I have m mind, cover a space of fifty years, and reach back to the palmy days of ' Bourke-street,' that spot — ' ? supremely blest, One dearer, sweeter spot than all the rest.' The first reminiscence is of the pene trating power of Father Watsford's eloquence — a power which the Grand Old Man has retained up to this day. It was at the monthly prayer-meeting of the Bourke-street Sunday-school. This idea had originated with Father Watsford, and had grown to be a custom. The schoolroom on the occa sion alluded to was crowded with scholars and teachers, young and old. Prayer was offered by Father Watsford in grand old Methodist style. Power was immediately felt, — the spirit of conviction filled the room, — most were in tears, — broken sobs were heard,— numerous conversions took place. It ?fras old time religion, accompanied by a manifestation of God's power unto salvation. We sang while kneeling, — renewed our consecration,— experienced the ardent desire for service awakened by heart-felt prayer as its influence spread like running fire over the whole assemblage. The late Mr. Robert Iredale was there, and others whose . names can never be effaced from the tablets of memory, most of whom are fallen asleep, but a few remain to this day. We were filled with the Spirit, and of one mind — two Pentecostal conditions for success. . The scholars of those days — nearly half a century ago — are dispersed. Most went forth to fight the good fight of faith ; many have fallen in the field of battle, but some are fighting still. Eev. Dr. Eoseby, of Sydney, is still fighting valiantly storming the Forts of Darkness. But it was rather doubtful in those days on which side he fought, for he was a most unruly boy, and a source of great anxiety to our superin tendent, Mr. T Cowlishaw. I can well remember attending, with my sainted mother, an ordinary Sunday evening service conducted by Father Watsford. The subject was '? Jesus wept.' I cannot point to any circum stance which might be considered likely to make a deep and lasting impression upon a young and tender heart, but thfs service is a fragrant memory one of thpse evergreen recollections which the lapse of years and the cares of the world cannot obliterate. My sister, Emily Wheeler, died ; — cut off in the bloom of a life full of promise — beloved by all. Allusion was inade to the circumstance by Eev. — ? Hull at morning church service. Father Watsford seized the opportunity in the afternoon and amongst the Sunday-school scholars her death was sanctified by the conversion of many. The oldest quarterly ticket in my possession was issued to me in 1848, by Eev. F. Lewis, and is marked ' On Trial.' This marks the beginning of my Church life, with it I made my debut. 1 immediately commenced mis sionary and other collecting. Our family lived at Strawberry Hills, all round were sandy dunes, walking was laborious, and collecting by no means a sinecure. I incidentally may state that we occasionally visited old Chippendale, It was commonly reported that the roof of this building was unsafe, and might collapse at any moment. We were worshipping there on that memorable occasion when some persons, taking adyantage of this dread rooted in the minds of the worshippers, hurled stones on the roof. IVlr. Benjamin Chapman was preaching from the subject of the Tower of Babel, and had drawn a vivid picture of the confusion when the con gregation received an ocular demonstra tion in the painful panic which ensued. According to the order of my tickets, Father Watsford came to the Bourke street circuit in 1853, and appears to have left in 1856. It is a removal I well remember. The new appointment was Goulburn. Father Watsford, we understand, had left Fiji on account of Mrs. Watsford's health, and it was feared that the journey to Goulburn by road would prove too much for her. Of ?course railways were non existent. It was, I think, in 1855 — the year preceding Father Watsford's departure — that the first railway sod was turned by Mrs. Keith Stuart, daughter of Governor Fitzroy. Great preparations were made to ensure b dily comfort and protection from climatic change to Mrs. Watsford during transit. A covered vehicle was secured, and turned at once into a house and a hospital. With this improvised conveyance the pilgrim party took to the road, resting by night at the now deserted camping-grounds found at intervals en route , and reaching their destination in safety. It is a remarkable fact that Mrs. Watsford is still living, and looks better than in the days to which I refer. Papa : ' Jaok, what are you crying about?' Jack: 'The conjurer at the cirous to-day took five pigooos out of my j^at and kept them for himself 