Lassoing a Lover. By Mrs. M. L. Rayne. | Within a very short space of time—so I short that few have noticed its disap i pearance—there stood a brick building iu | the suburbs of the city of Alameda, | which was a waggon shop and a smithy combined. The place hud more than a y local reputation, on account of the ex l ccllence of its work, the smith being J especially proficient in his department, j employing the art of a veterhi^ry sur geon in a rude but successful way. Nor hart lm his equal in the ('.onutry for putting a shoe on a horse, the most frac tious animal submitting itself to his skilled hand without demonstration. Indeed, hit} sibilant " P-s-t 1" whistled through hisi;,teeth in an indescribable maimer, acted like a charm on the most unruly equine spirit. So Steve Darner's forge was glowing when others were dark and silent, and his rivals expressed their dislike for him and his successes in many1 ways. They sneered at him for a half-breed and attributed his luck to Ihc arts of savagery. The smith did not care. There was only one thing on earth for which he did wire—that was his beauti ful daughter I/uuline, the stately girl who would have graced the most refined homo in the State, but who had returned from school with no. higher ambition than to serve in her father's kitchen. There was little else to the whole abode, save loft above, but it was as neat and dainty sis loving hands could make it. None of the neighbouring houses had such quaint decorations. The wings of bright-plirmaged birds crossed on the walls. Bow and arrows tied with .strings of wampum. Moocasiils of soft, skins, embroidered in rare patterns with liiany ,coloured beads, unlike any work done by gkiiied American hands. For why ? Paulino Damer was the daughter of an Indian princess, and inherited her right 'to do such work, for her instincts were those of her mother's picturesque people, the Tuitions,, whose name means, " art" and who are neither nomads nor idola but a people who are pastmasters In. all the jnrts and Industries. Whoh the dnrk-skinned young wife of •Steve Damer- •. died,- lie went back i to civilisation toifind himself an.alien and , his bright-eyed baby squaw, his little » •woman,Sin object of impertinent curi osity. . v,-■ "A marriage with a squaw is no mar riage at all in the eyes or white law," said the good people who sustain mis sions for Christianising.the Indians, and they then signified: 'their willingness to receive the child-bitrbariari as a ward of. the nation. But Steve Damer was loyal, to the memory of his dead.wife and her people, and refused'to part with his Pauline, or give her over even temporarily to the despisers of her mother's race. He did, liowever, send lier to school, where she was treated well, even to the extent of Ibeing admired and potted, for two reas nilm. Dno ivn.s f-lmr sht* wnn nrvncHilm'Pfl a .sprig of nobility, however rough and I'lule the branch from which she came ; "the other because phenomenal sums were paid for her expenses, anil her. father kept himself out of sight.: The money was her mother's, a heritage her father used to make her a scholar and a lady, which lust she was by birthright. Damer was busy in bis-shop,- for it was race week, and the horses needed'care ful preparation for the event on which so ninny thousands of dollars were staked. Hcndemeer had been brought over from San Francisco to have his shoes refttted, and Nankipon was being-shod anew on Jill foui-s, while Sun-of-a-Gun waitedhls turn. .Toekeys and hostlers and a few owners accompanied the horses. All the talent was on hand and there was the usual acrobatic betting, the stakes'belng of unusual importance.•Little Tough'had won a flve-furlong raie in 1.01, the fastest time made by a'two- year-old, and Jordan had been'-fouled at the head' of the stretch. So the talk went on until all had taken their turn and gone, witii the exception of one man, an owner who sent his jockey away and lingered to have a confidential talk with the smith. " Why doesn't Harlow. Lincoln bring his chestnut here to be shod ?" was the "first question wlien they were alone. • "Ask liim," answered the smith curtly ; lie knew his nian and did not feel it was necessary to be civil. " Have a s will low,"'said theother wltlr a disagreeable;smiIo, extending a hand some silver-mounted flask -toward the smith. " IIow do I know It ain't1 fixed1?" asked Darner suspiciously. . ^ " Great'Caesar's ghost, man; have you no common'sense ? I-want you'to have all your wits'about you 'If—if Lincoln's Delight is to lose the race to-morrow. I should'think you would want' to be even with him for all his snubs and slights." Damer took a long draught from • the flask before answering. The subtlety of the liquor entered into Ills heart and brain. As long as he left liquor alone— anil lie knew It. for a fact—he was a decent man. When he drank lie became ugly and morose, and easilv offended. II; was long.since his last spree. I-Ie lind promised Pauline-1- lva !■ :Pauline, the tliought of her accelerated the work of liquor. Harlow Lincoln lind slighted Pauline in some . way. Damer did not know liow, but on ;he'r. cojni"g there the young ranchman lind' sl\own her much | attention, and she almost adipitted to her ] father that site.<;looked upon, him as'a j king among men,' and then lie had stayed away, and ever since Pauline had lost her light-heartedness. Damer heard too often the taunting couplet of his own people : " The floods may pour from ■ morn " till night, Nor wash the pretty Indian white." * He hated Lincoln for not roturnlng his daughter's love, - and; this scheme to get even appealed to his'worst nature. Put into speech, it meant that the smith should get access to Delight, the famous 1 running chestnut booked for the mor row's race, and cripple the animal so as to prevent him from going on the track. To the little honour he had left ho re fused money for the crime. He was willing, In his cups, to do the dastardly deed solely for revenge. Neither of the conspirators saw a j shadow cross the door-sill and speed , away into the gathering night. It was j Paulino, who had gone to the smithy to walk home witli her father, as she often j did, leaving the supper ready to eat oh the table. ] Now siie did not go homo, but straight as an arrow fiies, she sought the home of Harlow Lincoln. No blush of maiden (lelic.'iey stained her olive phni»k. Sbn thought not of hot-self,' but of the two men she loved, her father and Hnrlow Lincoln, who had stolen the sweet possession of her young heart 1'roin her. She knew how much he cherished the chestnut Delight, and thai; a fortune awaited him should he win—and—she would save her father from being a criminal. But Lincoln was away from home. The bachelor menage was closed and no one about but the man who took care of Delight, and the small jockey who on the morrow was to ride him as he confi dently believed to victory. The little jockey had heard of the In dian princess, but had never seen her, and lie was so pleased with her beauty that he at once took her for his mascot, and begged a bit of ribbon to wear as his colours. Together they visited the stable and Pauline took a look around. " Does some one watcli here all night ?" she asked. " I do," said the jockey proudly ; " I lias my bed 'long,side o' Delight, and locks up, and I has pistols, and know how to shoot." The girl stood by the favourite who had been watched and admired every hour of the day, and was as nervous as a woman. Pauline touched the silky skin that shone in a hundred golden lights in the glare of the lantern which the jockey lighted. It was beautiful, but she belonged to a people that do not love the horse, except as an article of diet. Itnt. she loved the horse's master. Not that she admitted it to herself. I, as a relator of facts, may slate what 1 know. The native delieaey of her In dian nature was tempered by the re nerve of her white blood. Not for worlds would alio have given Harlow Lincoln a foretaste of that love which could have made his heaven. .She went, leaving no message, and much troubled about the course she should pursue. Her father was not at the house, nor did he come later, and at lust, she could stand the suspense no longer. She determined to go back to the stable and warn the young man if ho had returned, and if he were still absent, to caution the little jockey. She waited long after coming to this decision, then taking down from the wall the coil of rawhide that hung there, she hid it under the scrape she wore, and sped away, light of foot but heavy of heart, to the rescue of Delight and her father. There all was dark and still, except an occasional stamp of the impatient ani mal, or a low whlnney, and Pauline called In vain for the boy or any atten dant, and at last finding a window high up in the stable open, she scaled the wall, and groped her way through the gloom, to a place where she could see the floor below and Delight in his stall, with the jockey sleeping heavily beside hlm.(. The little fellow had been drugged, and would, not awaken for some hours. Pauline was stricken with a horrible fear of the consequences to her father. She-was afraid of him, too. when he had been drinking, and knew he would not listen to reason. What should she do V Seating her self on a bale of alfalfa she tried to think, when she heard a. ■ noise at a side entrance to the building. All the possibilities- of the occasion rushed into her mind like a torrent. What If her father did not come, and Harlow 'Lin coln did ? It might not be.-necessary for • her to incriminate < her father, but how then could she account for her own presence there ? And the-condition of the boy. ? . And then the door opened and the. outline of a man appeared. It was her father ! ■ He crept In stealthily—so:;unlike his usual free step—and quieted the excited horse with the familiar "p:s-t!" Then 'lie dropped on one knee, and took up the left hind foot. But he had 'no time to* wreakliis will on the poor brute. Some thing whizzed through the air in a biack, snaky circle, and descending with unerring certainty drew taut around the neck of Steve Damer, stretching him out on the floor .where he writhed black in the face. At the same moment the frightened horse plunged and snorted;' and, screaming with fear, tried to break his lialter. There was a moment's com motion at thb door in the front of the! stable, which was broken from Its: hinges, and' Harlow Lincoln, followed by: several excited men, burst into the place. ' . It took but a moment to realise the •true meaning of the'' scene, and then, each maii' caught liold of the lasso, and gave it a twirl. Hut like a spirit, a form glided between them and cut the noose-nt the neck of the prostrate' and unconscious man. ".I. save -your horse—give me my father's life," said the girl, confronting the angry owner of Delight " You-saved—niy-liorse ?" he asked in scornful Incredulity. "Yes. You do not know how to care for precious things. The boy lias been drugged, and your enemy—not 'my; father—is at yonr door. My father was the tool'or another man. Give me his life for your Delight, and win the race tomorrow. "We will go where you can never hoar of. us again." Darner had' recovered his conscious ness and was on his feet, but. being so bered could not recall his part in the affair. ."Take him," said Lincoln, not un kindly; "and if you saved my horse I th'ank you. Paulino." She looked like a young queen as she led the bewildered man away, and one of the men made a slighting remark aibout her " Injun Mood" giving her a good gait, and measured his length on the (loor before the speech was well out of his mouth. " Ton. will please speaks respectfully of Delight's friends—and mine," said Wncoln, wlt.ii a fierce gleam in his eye. .■'.-..•The next day the little jockey was ail right and figured to win. He wore the ribbon of-the Indian princess, and De light ran from start to wire in the good time of 1.18, distancing all competitors. \- When the owner of the winning horse counted up his gains he was satisfied to keep that which lie bad won and retire to his ranch a rich man. He thought much of .Pauline in those days, as lie had at another and earlier phase of their ac quaintance. Her beauty, her maidenly modesty, her many graces of mind and character, had made an impression upon him. and lie believed those very graces were derived from her heroic lineage. He felt it to lie an imperative duty to call on her and thank her again for the good luck she had brought him. Per haps she would be ills mascot for life. TTe rode Delight, who was proudly con scious of a new outfit, and pranced ac cordingly, setting off the figure of his young master to its best advantage. There was no sign of life about the cabin, the smithy was closed, but the owner of the waggon-making portion of the building said that the smith had taken his daughter and gone back to her mother's people on the Tiig River. To bo foiled in ills desire is the strong est incentive to a man to gain the object of his hope. Delight felt ills master's spurs that day as never before. I Hhl'Iow I/hic.mh could hear ilmt soft, [ low voice saying, " You do not know how ' to care for precious things," and he real ised as most of us do at some period of our lives that blessings brighten us they take their flight. Hut he is a young man of enterprise, and the tightening of the lasso of love around his affections may yet lead him to the rancherio on Big Itiver. which is not quite at the end of the world.—Mrs. M. L. Itayne, in the " Detroit Free Press." 