CHAPTER LXI.—A PAGE OP THE PAST.” The Hermit , looked fixedly at the masked face of the man who chose to be known simply by the name of Ghost, and. said: “Is that girl your friend?” "She is.” "What is she to the Monarch of the Mountains?” “She is nothing to him.” "She calls him father.” “You know this?” “Yes.” "How do you know it?” “I have been within the hearing of the voice when she has done so.” “Well, granted; but I repeat that the man is nothing to her.” “What is she to you?” "One whom I would serve.” “How serve her in these wild moun tains?” "By taking her from them When the time comes for me to do so,” “Ah, again I have confidence in you. But what are you to the Monarch of the Mountains?” “Nothing.” “You know him well?” “Far better than he thinks.” The Hermit said no more just then, but as the Ghost came to Mm when ready to start, he asked: “Will you unmask your face?” The Ghost at once did so. Long did the Hermit gaze into ilie countenance thus revealed, as though lie would read it thoroughly. Then he “Again I tell you that I will trust you, for one with that face canno/..^ S'Avr-yolTf”toque;' for I wish to talk to you.” “Why.not when I return?” "It may be too late then.” “Why too late?” “I do not believe the wound you gave me is fatal; but I suffer from it, and it may be. Should aught happen to me you would not know the truth, and I wish you to do so.” "I can now understand why you would have me wait, and though I believe and hope you will come round all right, still it may be as you say, and I will gladly hear all that you wish to say to me.” “God bless you, boy—for you are a boy to me, as I have passed the half-century post, and you cannot be over thirty.” “I am not so old—only twenty-four.” “Then there -has been that in your life to age you. But I must not delay you, or trifle with time, as far as I am con cerned, so I will tell you my story.” "Only that I may serve you in case of “Yes; but listen well to all I have to “When I was younger than you are, I had a happy home and loving parents, though we were poor, for reverses had come upon my father. In the town where we lived was a young girl, our physician’s daughter, and her beauty of face and form won the hearts of all the beaus, and I fell madly in love with her. “She returned my love and we were en gaged, she refusing some brilliant offers to accept mine. Among my rivals was a young man whose father was very weal thy, and who was looked upon as the catch of the place, though he was very fast. Finding that ho could not, by false report, turn my sweetheart against mo, he suddenly became my friend, for she had then told me nothing of all he had said about me. Soon before the day appointed for our marriage I was attacked by two tramps one night, shot, robbed, and left for dead. But I was found soon after and carried home, where I lay for weeks between life and death. “As soon as I got well enough.to be up. the doctor told me I must go away for a change, and my devoted nurse through all quietly married me and went with “Recovering my health, I obtained a position as cashier in the town bank, and all went weli, for years. Two chil dren were bom to us—a son and a daughter—and it seemed that my cup of happiness was full in the half a dozen years I had been married. “But I endorsed a note for a friend—this same old-time rival who had afterwards been most friendly with me. He had been away from home for years, no one knew where, and coming home, had en tered into business, and I endorsed his paper, and he, again taking to gambling as in his earlier years, lost all and ruined “The night before the crash came the bank of which I was cashier tvas broken into, the watchman killed, and the safe robbed. "Then passed several days of anguish to me. It was discovered that I was ruined, suspicion fastened upon me, and to hasten with my story, I was arrested’ circumstantial evidence condemned me’ and at the trial which followed I was found guilty of murder and robbery, and | sentenced to die bn the gallows.”’ 