THE END OF THE GAME. , 4 You really can't rouse me to much ei thusiasm over the short story,' she said. 4 know all you would Bay of it,-subtile, pei feot of form, and sonnet- like in finish,-'y< I am '?well.' Any man may wear its laurel and I envy him not. But when it comes 1 tho literature oí correspondence, then I cor fess to coveting the crown. I would ratlu have written a series of fascinating lette] than all the short stories of the decade.' 4 Do it,' said he. 4 Put your next nov« into epistolary iorm.' 11 might-and fail more signally than 6vc in making my characters speak out what i in them. Letters, of all, things, must b written from the heart. Fanoy the ton Swift's would have taken if he had been toi he must correct the proofs on some day o zeokoning !' ' The heart is a fiction in literature. W all know what powerful work has been don with the avowed purpose of making money and by men who wouldn't have touohed pei to paper without that ignoble spur.' * Tou are a pagan I' * You are a sentimentalist-shall that b my retort? No; you are simply'pure wo manly.' You can't imagine deßires fulfillet without esthetic cringings and moral winoes. 'Nothing of the sort; but I do aoknow ledge the concrete fact that I couldn't plaj dummy in a series of letters.' * Then-collaborate.' * With whom ? Some gifted ghost ? Pros . per Merimee'B P' 4 With me. We say good-by to-morrow after a charming summer acquaintance oi six weeks. Yon leave this hotel, and gc baok to your Bohemian Boston attic. ] return to New York and journalism. Now let us assume a situation. I am madly it love with you. Don't start ! How un- dramatic you ore ! You-^ there my inventioi halts, though it is easy to see there would bc no story without an obstacle. What shall ii he, your engagement or mine P' 4 You give me a choice of fetters ! That'e generous. But 1 won't take the hackneyed obstaole of 'another,' thank you ! Some- body always has to descend to bathos or {jerfidy in order to extricate himself. No ; et's pretend that we are conscious of a mutual attraction, but don't in the least satisfy eaoh other's ideal of what a man and woman should be.' * Do forgive me for saying how truly Boetoneso and priggish !' 4 Shall I endeavor to be suburban and flippant? Well, there are dozens of possible situations. Take your choice. Disgrace my great-uncle has cheated the widow and orphan, and then shot himself.' 4 No drawback at all, unless you get up some sort of moral scruple about returning the spoils ; and that would bore me to such an extent that I should reply only by postal 'cards.' * Hereditary feud-though in that oase we should have to join hands in the regulation manner, and satisfy tradition. My imagi- nation is quite at sea ; you propose some- thing.' < Coneumption and insanity have been done to death. You must be devoted to a cause, and refuse to give it up for devotion to one man.' ' Hundreds of women have fought j bled, and died over that, from 4The Princess' down. Best of all, why not begin the cor- respondence, and let it determine its own course P' 4 Excellent ! We will merely draw a heavy line' under the foot that I am in love with you.' Remembor to wrice only on one side of the paper, won't you P It will save us a deal of copying.' 4 Yes ; and suppose we send the letters flat in large envelopes ? Then we need only ' number them, lay them aside, and they aro ; ready for the printer. But I predict a bar to our perfect satisfaction in the completed work. Did you ever yet write a clever thing without having some great-aunt or second oourfn accuse you of lending it from your personal experience ?' * Never ; and I anticipate what you are going to say. No matter how much the all-knowing public clamors for 'author' of our immortal work, we will lie low and con . fess nothing. But if it aotnally does find us out, we will deny it the satisfaction of de- claring that our own hearts have bf en laid bare ; for I will claim the woman's part, and you shall have the man's !' * Clever, indeed ; but bold to a 'bragian' extent ! Well, say what you like. I will at least deny' nothing. How often shall we write P* ' * Every day, by all means. I have Borne important work coming on in December, and I should like to finish this episode of the heart before then. By the way, remember to make no allusion in the letters to the faot that we «re playing a game. Let ns dress for the part, deoeivo ourselves into all pos- sible earnestness, and see what swagger things we can do.' In a month the correspondence was in full swing, and, omitting the Jotters whioh served as prologue, thus it ran : HB. Your yesterdays's letter probed my armor . at a hundred points. I have loved other woroon, you say ; what, more or lees, does it mean when I deolare I love you? It ÍB true, I have had my dreams and passions, though I &hould; decidedly object to posing as that species of hero i who is not only beautifully Byronic, but truly unwholesome 1 am the average man, with a Bonne of the ideal ana a poetio imagination. >. Therefore have I idealized woman, and to idealize is to love. X loved my cousin May. She grew up anc away from me, and married somebody else She was a bonnie bride,-God bleBS her! and meeting her to-day is as commonplace as reading the weather probabilities. Twc years after, I wrote Bonnets to a woman whc never gueesed them to be from what I anc pleased to oall my soul ; and this summer, when you met mo,1,1 was engaged. Tot have not Been her, but you have heard of hei -a gentío, domest'o , oreature, who would have made mo half happy and supremely comfortable. She gueesed at my having fled from you beoause I dared not trust myself to stay, and give me my freedom. She is nc less tranquil, and I am her everlasting debtor. What then ? ' If these things be so,' you say, ' what can love mean P "What do you give me more than the others,? How do I know whether the jewel is mine own, not only to have, but to hold ?' You speak like one born yesterday, or as b child for- lornly etrayed out of Arcadia into these solid streets. Have you yet to learn that a relation must be judged, not by its length, but by its perfection P When I sat with you those moon- fed nights, while the sea washed the rooks at our feet, and we had no need of talking because our thoughts ran together like heavenly horseB of the Bun, what then ? Do you think Buch communion is often dup- licated ? Does one find a diamond moro than once in a lifetime, or see the perfeot aroh of the rainbow twioe in a Bummer f Why will you so fatally pull open the petals of this heart-flower, to count the stamens, and de- termine whether it conforms to this or that system of classification ? You know me-" the average man. Such aa I am, I am yours. If you challenge me to the clearest truth I know how to utter, I confess tha*-. I know nothing about eternity, and care lesB. I ask you to walk step by step with mo through this troublous world ; and if, pome fair morning, I Bhould wake and see your face beside mo in that other land whioh theo- logians and poets seem to know all about, why, then, I'll give you merry greeting! But as to swearing thtftv I shall love you eternally, how do I know ? I would have sworn it had we met ten years ago. Now the days, inexorable 'daughters of time,* have brought me wisdom, and I see that our affections are indeed 'tents of a night.' But passing fair they are, and I prithee, sweet mistress, let me rest in mine undis- turbed. You women expect of men a fan- tastic and impossible loyalty-a loyalty oon rtácratad to keeping a niche vacant for you until you come, and making life forever sterile after you go. God knows your scheme might be a happy and heroio one for some unknown world, made on a different plan, but not in thiB-not in this ! We are grow- ing and changing creatures, like our brothers, the trees. Year by year we put forth shin- ing buds, and renew ourselves in the sun and cherishing air. There were birds in last year's nests, I tell you plainly ; but now they are gone. Shall my leaves whisper above the poor little brown dwellings with no desire to see them warm again with downy life? Perish the thought!-since chango is life, and standstill means decay and death. You are the ohoice of my prime. Why deny us both our happiness beoause you cling too long and closely to the dreams of youth P SHE. When I road a letter like your last I al- most hate you. Fortunately-or the reverse, according as you value my toleration-you do not fall into the Goethean platitudes which would force me to remove myself forever from the risk of hearing them. You are not absolutely blasphemous. You do not say, in so many words, that love is a sue ? cession of fanoies and phases ; and so I am sorry for you without actually despising you. For, believe me, my friend, it ia true that though men do not die of love, they should think it possible. ? Though, if I deny you, in a year you will have loved again, you should be swearing to me and to yourself that, without me, in your own proper person, you die. Aud i should know you would not die, and you would know I knew it, because we are neither of. us at the morning of life, when one believes that wishing brings the boon; but we Bhould be a little nearer heaven than we are now. For I, alas ! doubt you, and you-oan analyze yourself and me. So, farewell, nay, rather, honest, plain good-by. May all the gods bo with you, for I .will not ! You need them, and you do not need me more than another. HB. Now, by all the powers that rule this curious modern world of analysis and orosa anal>Bis, or oooupy their Olympia leisure in bringing about the madness ot our day, it shall not be good. by ! The godn shall be with me, but only to fight on my side, not to console me for a viotory lost. Poor ohild ! you eau't help your temperament, oan youP No more can I mine. But yours is > the geeutor ourse. Yoa are stung by the gadfly of tho ideal, and you are fated to rage through life in search of the perfeot love, a perfeot lover. Diogenes himself, that prince of visionaries, might have held himself moderate in comparison. You should, have lived in a day when I oould have olaimod your hand through battle with a hundred knights ; when your favor would have had baptism of blood, and I oould .at last have come bogging home from Holy Land to die at ycur feet. You would have canonised rae then, in jour maiden oalendar, with tho same single-minded ness and forvor vthioh had inspired you when you buokled on my armor, und eat at prayer and tapostry while I fought the heathen host. And since you are denud that narrow and musty path, you would fain invent wild beasts and paynims of the mind for me to conquer. I must play with you á poetio drama of love, overleap obstacles, and disseot my heart and your own to note whether the tissues are homo- geneous. And I would do it if there were no other way of winning you. I am but a man, an aotor in this merry game of life, and I oould well play such a pretty interlude, if needB musí. But I ehould do it only under protest, as one might snatch a glove from the arena. Realities far bettor serve I my mood, and I'd rather sit down with you to one of those flashing hours of lightning Bpeeoh than rhyme you 4lovo' and 'dove' by the ream, and pretend I had not slept since I saw you last. Heaven eave us ! it's an easy pait to play. Listen ; this is how Strephon would woo you-Strephon who has never lovod before, and never will gaze on woman's face again while you and ho shall live ; nay, who shall be oonsfcant beyond the stars ! 4 Last night I oould not sleep. The min- utes whispered of you, the hours struck your name.' (Poor mo*thaphor ; but Strephon's metaphors would be poor. You find suoh romantic bathos only in combination with intellectual poverty.) 4 At midnight I rose, and looked at the moon sailing her sea of blue. Immeasurably far' (or do they know her distance P), 4 she was yet nearer chan you ; or no intelligence of the night would bring me nows of you. Were you wakef al, and did your thoughts turn burningly to me, as mine to you ; or did you wander lonely in dreams whither I could not follow ? O most dear, jewel of the earth and desire of all tho winds of heaven that dare to touch your cheek, ono word from you or I die !' Do you like it? The style is fatiguing, and the subjeot mattor, feeble as it is, & tax on the imagination ; but I can turn out suoh stuff by tho quarto volume, and perhaps I could even talk it on a rainy day, wtien you had lighted my pipe, and I waa disposed, like a kindly lord and master, to humor you. Doßt like it, I say, and wilt havo moro to- morrow? But whatofor .thou wilt have, be assured that I will have thee from hence- forth and-nay, I cannot say forever, for that would be pure folly, and an arrogance at whioh fate smiles. SHS. Why do I answer, a letter like that-not even earnest, but jeering at me and the holiest of my draams ? I do not know, ex- cept that I seem to myself so hopelessly under your influence that I cannot out this knot at ono stroke, as a more heroio woman might. And this bringa me to another reason why I should not be to you what we both have hoped. I have accused you of not loving me. I come now to tho doubt whether I in the least love you. That you attract me, I grant you, and that the attraction is so strong 1 oan hardly withstand even your written words, I allow with shame ; but that I love you-no, I am not sure of it. What have we in common ? I am trying to stumble into the path of the ideal, and you are contenting yourself with a daily carnival of intellectual pabtimes, with flashing lights and glowing flowers. I want to bind my hopes to emotions that are imperishable, and relations that are infinite ; you are content to tako the joy of the flying hour, and pledge yourself to no more arduous task than that of making it your own. You disappoint me at every turn, and yet you fascinate me. As I write, the ring of your voice, tho remem- brance of that radiant look you threw me when you rode away,-for your eyes could laugh because tho sky was blue and the air Boft, and mine wero heavy with tears since I must loose you,-the very thought of your presence so sweepB over mo at times that I whisper the air to carry you tho message, 4I am yours !' But, after all, I am not. An inner self-a dissenting, stern, and resolute self-says 4No' ; and I oannot yield. Oj, 1 if you but guessed it, I had been easily won before I knew you so well ! Had you been less honest,-less insolent, I might write, had you paid mo the compliment of lying to me,«you might, I say, have won me ; but I suppose I shall somo day thank heaven that you did not ohooso. That you could stop in . the midst of a letter to the woman you pro- fess to love, and interpolate a travesty of honest emotion-oh, it sick ons me I Let us write no moro. What have we to say P l'or you +here aro a thousand pleasure paths, Binoe, as yon own, you have an idealizing and poetio nature, and there are thousands of women for you to idealize. -1 have been bat a throbbing line in your 'spectrum of life. As for. me; perhaps I can soma day be wholly thankful that I did, though with breaking heart, ohooso the highest. Do you remember Guinevere's Bell-despairing cry, 41 should haye loved the highest ' P Do you remember how Maggie Tulliver turned from Stephen,, not alone because he was bound to ' her ' cousin, but beoause tho nobler part of her nature never responded to his oallf" I do not court martyrdom with these; but I stretoh out my hands to them for help in this stress and trouble of my life, that their memory may give me strength. Do not answer this. Why should we ppar with words P To you it may be intellectually amusing ; to me it is agony. HB. My ohild, you never gave' me so much joy in your life. You say I am fascinating to you. I make my lowest bow, and respond that you are infinitely oharaiing to me. What more do we ask r Love is but a sub- tile attraction, and th ore is scarcely one ohance in a million that either of us finds in another the mysterious soul likeness or soul defferonoe whioh draws us now together. I consider myself, PO to speak, n saturated solution. (Did David Oopporflold say that before mo r) I oan conceive that I might adore you ; but it is not within the remotest possibility that I shall moet suoh a being during tho next fifty years, and at the end ot that lime I expeot to be dust. Therefore we are quite safe, and let us haste to the wedding. By the way, I met Aunt Eliza- beth to-day, and told her wo are to be mar- ried in tho spring, end sho proposed having some jewels set for you. I oould grive you ' dozens of toothsome little items like this, if you didn't keop mo so busy writing about: the state of my soul, or wildly defending myBelf from the charge of having one: Bat I imploro you as a friend,-nay, as a lover, whose peaco of mind should be precious to you,-not to mix onr aiïaira with those of bogies out of books like Guinevere and the Tullivers. Why should they be dragged forth, to daunt me ? I shudder when you tacitly command me to put on buskins and oopy somo hero of tragic story. Much as I delight in your letters, I toll you frankly they make me nervous. I feol as if I must' respond in blank verso, and my muse has . been halt and blind thiß many a year. You have criticized me tremendously, my lady, for the last three weeks. I am going to retaliate, and enlarge upon your greatest fault. Neither wince nor fear me ; 'tis not that you are not fairest, virtuonsest of your sex, but that you have no sense of humor. If you bad, you would appreciate that neat' little bit aboifi- Btrephon iu my last. I con- sider it a clever interpolation ; but you, be-, ing, as I say, destituto oi5 .humor, count it a blaBphomy against tho U«;k.nown Eros. (And let me toll you that Eros",'¿a his best' estate, dooa a precious deal of laughing. Ho is nut-brown and rosy, and I ahouilxLr't wonder if he wero fed on atrong ale and meat, instead of Bweots and ayllabub.) Think not, though, that I love thee less for thy foolUhi seriousness, for in that thou are the more feminine. No woman yet ever had a man's sense of humor without losing some essence of fineness, some aroma of hor BOX, priceless beyond jewels. And BO I do not aoonse you beoause I would have you other than you are, but that you my say to yourself, when you do not approve mo, ' It ia beoause, be- ing a znan, he secs the strange, jagged edges of events, and the way they fit into each other-tho awful incongruousness of life ; he smiles over the gTim irony of tho gime, and smile» where I should pray.' You will keep on striving for tho impossible, seeking the gold at tho ond of tho rainbow; andi shall poro over the pebbles at my feet, in searoh of some more shining than the rest, to build into our garden wall. We will still be differont, but alike in that we love each, other. HE. (Telegram.) Are you ill? Why do you. not write P SHE. (Telegram.) I am quite well. [Letter follows. SHE. My Friend : My ' last letter tells you my reason for not writing. How oould you have misread it or forgotten? I said then that wo have nothing in common, and that we muatpart. What could I add? There waa no need of further valedictory. Yet if there be need, let me say now that I wish you all . good, all happiness and peace. I am your friend. ... (To be oonoluded next week.) 