PßOM BAY ^0 -DAY. There is- space-iMOiBráor^a. big.~debate on the question, "Does drink, brmg poverty,.-or does pow ly ?diive-men to drink?" An oid toper friend-of mine: says, "It's a Ettie-of each, and a good deal of both." Bot this opinion is biased, {for rieh nen may be drunk- ards, and. rwwwJj^Hij'WjiM. mortals may be-sober. The way snroe-peapie take to lite bottle, and the-tap^soggeafes a pecn hañty in alcohol-a, of securing its ownrroctima. Once alco- hol has got to tie mostery-with tina . power, it shows no<reapect for rich, or poor, high or low, WrrMm or brote. . Yes, brat»-animai-for that appetite for alcoholic drink which alcohol itself creates can, according to the London *ï>airy Telegraph," be înffieted on a -norse-asses have mrmemoriallylaeeo its victims. The "DaOy Telegraph" ehron ' ides that there is & horse which "be longstto a-dealer in- wises, who for some time past had -noticed that sad havoc > was being played with; bottles which he found every morning empty, and with the necks broken, The thief he could not discover, nor did it strike him as odd that the hero of tht8<e9dxaordmary adventure had teery-become .subject to fits ci dizziness, and freqraegifly fell to the ground in a totally inexplicable ; iashion. The mystery, fiowever, was ,1 explained on Monday, when the worthy man, after a> visit to the stable, which "he found nnteniwnvxt, .repaired, revolver \- in hand, to the cellar, whence a queer noise emanated. There, to his amaze- ment, he discovered his . horse, prostrate among a heap of smashed bottles. All ? -his efforts to get the animal on its legs having proved ineffectual, he sent for fee firemen, and then for a veterinary surgeon, who declared that the horse . was not only dead drank but displayed all the-symptoms of an invetérate addic- tion to sprrituoas Iiqnors. It was then . ? remembered that some-time ago, as the -horse had. been a- trifle overworked, wine had been mixed on several occasions with the-oats served out to it. The ani ( mel had acquired a taste for- this kind ;\ - of beverage, and, daring the nocturnal ' hours, it had made its way to the cellar and helped itself. On Monday night it had treated itself to an extra dose. Precautions have now been adopted to "j- prevent a recurrence of these stealthy visits." I advise Mesas. Bowe, Illing- worth, and Whateley to keep a stead- fast eye to the sobriety of our West Anstralian horses. It will ^ keep the «asses-beg pardon, ¡I mean the horses, : ? . out of mischief. s ? ?. * * * * -äs- te . "Britains never, jiever, never shall be >\,. slaves!" So we irwse all helped to sing because the tune-is a good one, but- the S£ statement is like cheap diamonds-a li" bit off. Not . saying a single word fv. abost the wage-elaves, there is abund f . ance of indisputable, undi stilled. slavery '. in the British Empire. We pay clergy ^ men salaries ranging from £15,000 per if i year to the stipend of a Salvationist offr- it;-, cer to declare - the brotherhood of man, I and to demonstrate that "all men are ii ; equal before the Lord." But how dis f.t . appointínghr silent they are about sla f' " «ry! As a British writer recently ob I served in a London weekly, "they never t utter a word.in denunciation of the fact f that England is now the largest slave * owning country in the world-7-the kan &, akas of Queensland, and the Kaffirs of ££=.--. the South-African djamond mines, to £, wit." And yet, daves as these an- il doabtedly are, they are better off than %l thousands of the.white proletariats who g ' know not where to find'a master to pay gs tbem arifieient to purchase their daily p-' bread. "AU equal,'' indeed! "Brother-, p itood of man!" Weean only hope that Ithe time will come when we can truth ?»j ,iufly sing that "Brrferins never shall be / daves." At present» tiley are very ÍV much so. 5: The Sultan of Turkey is as hospitablys .s. extravagant . as he is matrimonially ' greedy. He-nasuofc only exhausted his ' . treasury in preparing for the Emperor William's visit to-Jerosalem, bot he" has pawned something or other to raise a H ioan ot £200,000, to be given away in mf: ~»eIhay~to the-snite-of the Kaiser. This pf pAm -me think Jha* monarchs have tlick skins. If I were invited out to with, a friend, and the news reached me that he had spent his last- «faining in baying costly cigars and the sundries of hospitality, and, more- over, was obliged to give a promissory note and-pawn bis caff-links to make me a present of a golden toothpick with dia- mond setting, I should feel very sorry for my friend, and hesitate whether it would be wiser to go myself or said a doctor to see to his sanity. At any rate, 1 could never enjoy his generosity, un- less I was privileged to relieve his impe cuniosity. But if I were a Kaiser it might be-different. * * * * I had scarcely finished writing the foregoing when the office boy came in and brought me a copy of an evening paper. I naturally turned to the cable grams to see how the Grand Turk was getting on, and a sigh of relief escaped me when I read "The Emperor of Ger- many has cancelled the arrangements for bis trip to the East." I began to think there was some good human nature even in the breast of a Kaiser, and though the telegram implied that the proposed trip had been abandoned out pf delicacy ol sentiment for England's complications in Egypt, I really felt that the real reason was a fear of ruining the Crescent despot. But alas ! for my feelings and the reliability of newspaper cablegrams! This morning I see by another paper cable that the pilgrimage has to eventu- ate-is now eventuating. The-cable reads: "The Kaiser and Kaiserin Au- gusta of Germany have arrived at Venice. Their Imperial Majesties will visit the King and Queen of Italy, on Thursday, prior to proceeding to Con- stantinople. Djevad Pasha,, the Turk- ish Military Commissioner in Crete, has been recalled, and will accompany the Kaiser from Constantinople to Syria. On the occasion of the Kaiser's visit to Constantinople, the Sultan will present thp Kaiserin Augusta with a diadem, costing £80,000." Well, it would be rather a hard trial to cancel an arrange- ment of that kind. But let us watch events, for there is a smell of royal bri- bery and corruption in this business, of which the £80,000 appears tile first in- stalment, and I wonder who will have "to pay the piper?" * * * * The Colonial Treasurer is an admirer of "eloquence" (if we are to judge by his speech in the Assembly on Tuesday last) but by no means an exemplar of it. Notice his repetitions of "wax elo- quent." I. "He did not tell them about tiie gold increase and its possibilities, or wax eloquent about it." 2. "Why did he not war eloquent about the future ¥' 3\. "He said very little about it, and cer- tainly did not wax eloquent about it." I "Well, if you did, I did not hear you. You did not wax eloquent about it" S. "The hon. member did not wax eloquent in regard to the gold," etc., etc. This want of "wax eloquent" was applied to members cf the Opposition who had ven- tured to criticise Sir Joan's administra- tion. If there was a lack of "wax elo- quent," there evidently was no lack of eloquent "whacks," so to irritate the great .Sir John. But why does not the Premier set tile example of waxing elo- quent instead of indulging in such rub- bish as this: "In proportion to the adult males of the colony, their popula* tion, if they, had the proper number < f women and children, would be 250,000." That is like saying, "If they were all counted, and there was the proper num- ber, we should just have 250,000!" It needs no ghost nor Premier to tell us that. To so innocently jump over that little bridge "if* and thus credit the colony with what it has not, is almost childish-it certainly is not eloquent. * * * * Herbert Spencer, m his "Study of So- ciology," draws attention to that wonder- ful influence of "Bias" which will make the disciple of the "Prince of Peace" an enthusiastic warrior ; so that in spite of the conan and "Thou shalt not kill,'' the devout believer in thé angel message "On earth peace ; good will to raen," wüJ offer up his preliminary prayers, and then betake himself to slaughtering all ht» can. A combination of this sort presided at Harvard's Heath Petty Ses- j gions on Monday, the Stn of September last. He is a Colonel-Colonel W. H. ] Champion- and when he took the judi- I cia! ehair, he said "that ' some : of his brother magistrates had requested him to refer to the glorious victory that we had won in the Soudan.." The report goes on to say :-After referring to the end which had thus been put to a cruel and tyrannous reign, alter 13 years pa- tient waiting, by this country, the chair- man added that he felt strongly, as he had a son in one of the regiments which had taken part in both fights. He thought it would not be out of place to offer thanks to the Al- mighty for the great victory." Asking the court to rise, the gallant chairman then offered a short prayer of thanksgiving for "the great and glori- ous victory in the Soudan." The court then settled down to dog muzzling, petty thefts, and "consoientious objector's" business iii the ordinary routine of a country police court. * * * * Au things are possible to those who try hard enough. This sounds like a sentence from Sir John Forrest's Budget Speech, but it isn't. It is the way a friend argued on women's chances in tile world, to an ardent woman's rights cham- pion. "He wen* on to say :-"Look at China ! There woman has been a chattel and a slave time back beyond the mem- ory of History. She is a shut- up, close- ly-watched, soulless possession of her lord. But see what the Dowager Em- press has been able to accomplish! She has entirely turned the tables. She has practically locked up the Em- peror. In her own name she now issues edicts, and runs the whole Empire. She has banished, disgraced, and arrested those who seek to question her supreme authority, and she has made theleaders of nations wonder what she is going to do neat. She has taken control of China, with all its complex international relations, without the assistance of a single 'hen convention,' or even a sug- gestion of the female franchise. Sh« has brains enough to do it, and is plucky enough to try it, and up to date she is tile 'Lady Boss' of the Celestials. So you see it is brains, pluck, and perse- verance that teU, no matter ' whether combined in woman, or in man." All the same, in a democratic country every woman should have a voice in the mak- ing of the laws, and there is yet much need for the extension of her liberty and rights in Western Australia. * * * * Chatting to Mr. Harry Piimmer the otiter day, the conversation turned upon ¡certain remarks made by local critics; on his rendering of the part of Marcus! Superbus. Several of these (my own i included) have declared that Mr. Pfirn-1 I mer imitates Mr. Wilson Barrett, but! Mr. Piimmer declares that the imitar! tion must be quite unconscious, inas- much as he has nev» seen Barrett. What, then, has given rise to the sup I position? Is it tiie parallelism always I observable between genius in different persons, or is that Mr. Barrett has so impressed the local public that the asso- ciation of ideas leads them into this error? Many people are of opmion that! if Mr. Piimmer does 'not imitate Mr. Barrett, his methods at least resemble those of the great actor. Shorn of the I accusation of copying, the statement is [ a distinct compliment to Mr. Piimmer, and as the latter knows not Barrett, he may lay the nattering unction to his soul that this criticism is, after all, only a disguised eulogy. * * * * The municipal elections are close at hand, and ratepayers will shortly be called upon to exercise their intelligence j in the selection of gentlemen to at in the City Council during the next three years. In most of the wards it is prob- able there wfll be a contest, but in tile South Ward it is probable that tthe re- tiring candidate will have a walk-over. Councillor Thomson, 18 months ago, came out in response to a well-signed requisition, and although many of the most successful councillors and alder- men have been men who were not re- quisitioned, in this particular instance tile selection of the ratepayers has proved a wise one, as Councillor Thorn- ton, having for years taken a very keen ; interest in both political and municipal matters, bas she«T himself to be pos- sessed of the qualifications which a councillor should possess. Â keen busi- ness man, with a habit of going straight,, i he has fought hard for necessary re-j forms, and the improvement of the city generally, and at the same time has care- fully attended to the requirements of his own ward. Good practical men like Councillor Thomson are not easily found, and it is to be hoped that on polling-day the retiring councillor will be sent back to the council for the far- ther term of three years. * * * » How uneventful are the steps towards stagnation! How we strive to conceal the successive stages! We blind our eyes ever to disagreeable facts. The lady, who "has been" beautiful, looking in the mirror at the wrinkles in the neck that once was smooth as marble, white as the Uly, and as delicate as silk, receives a severe shock, but she hates: to confess, even to herself, that her glory has commenced to wane, and that the furrows of decadence will grow : deeper and more numerous ever hence. To hide from the world the ravages of Time, she hastens to cover her defects with cosmetic paints and. powders. From ¡ such Sir John Forrest has taken his cue. His glory "has been." But the wrinkles of decay are brighting his administra- tion and policy. So he takes to paint- ing them in colors of gold, with the al- luvial powders of Coolgardie. He looks at himself in the mirror and he sees only gold, alluvial gold, reef gold. What is behind this gold! Neglected mine», struggling, badly-paid workers, slaves of the surface and the earth's depths, suffering cities on dust-covered plains, and a country in the preliminary symp- toms of bankruptcy-all these are con- cealed ; they are buried beneath this magnificent export' of gold, which, by the way, is less the property of the country than the extortion of the Brit- ish capitalist. Strip the present Govern- ment of its gold-paint and it becomes absolutely repulsive in its ugly naked- ness. The wrinkles of its own misdeeds impel us to shudder, for they seem to prophesy the funeral. Oh, those glories of yesterday! What are they good for now? The Museum! The Premier should carefully reat the chapter on "Aristocracies" ü Thomas Carlyle's '"Past and Present.' The Chelsea sage therein depicts, ant laments, the woeful degeneracy of thesi latter times, even Exalting Feudal Arie tocracy above them. He wrote: "That Feudal Aristocracy, I say, wat no imaginary one. To a respectable de gree, its Jar fe, what we now call Earls weçe Strong Ones in fact as well as ety mology; its Dukes, Leaders; its Lords Law-wards. They did all the Soldiering and Police of the country, all th< Judging, Law-making, even the Church Extension; whatsoever in the way à i Governing, of Guiding, and Protecting j could be done. It was a Land Aris i tocracy : it managed the Governing ol I this English people, and had the reap ing of the Soil of England in return. 11 is, in many sensée, tthe Law of Nature this same Law of Feudalism ;-no righi Aristocracy, but a Land one! Thc curious are invited to meditate upon il in these days. Soldiering, Police and Judging, Church-Extension, nay, real Government and Guidance, all this wac actually done by tthe Holders of the Land in return for their Land. How much of it is now done by them ; done by anybody ¥' In Westralia those who hold the wealth pay but a modicum oi governing expenses, and chiefly live in idleness and luxury abroad ; those who, by the magic wand of Labor, cause the land to give forth its wealth bear the li ea vi est burden of taxation, and eke out an existence of vicissitude and want, whilst those who claim to gov- ern tiie country teach the duty of contentment to the poor, and encourage the rich to grab all they can-in which "grab" the Gov- ernment like to play the part of the boy that "didn't" steal tue apples, but, in professing pity for tile robbed, neg- lected not to "share in tthe spoiL" * . * ? , , * I have pleasure in acknowledging re- ceipt of the following letter.: Kalgoorlie and Boulder Workers' Association. Wolters' Sall, BouîSêr City, Oct 8, 1898. F.CB. Vosper, Esq., M.L.A., Perttt. Dear sir,-I am instructed by resolution unanimously carried at a general meet- ing of this Association to convey to you our heartiest thanks for the able and strenuous exertions you have made to prevent the passing, in its present shape, of the iniquitous Goldfields Act Amend- ment Bill ; and to express cur deep re- gret that you should have been left to fight this matter-so vitally affecting the prosperity of the colony- alone. We are nilly satisfied that the pro- visions contained in the AmpnHincr Bill trill strike the deadliest blow at the min- ing industry, and, consequently, at the general prosperity of the colony; and we fear your warning to the House as to its effects will be but too fully borne out. It is impossible to conceive any body of men, even when actuated by the most malicious or avaricious motives, doing more than the present House has done -Sie majority, no doubt, through crasfl, ignorance of existing conditions-to strangle the one industry of Western Australia. Feeling that you have done your duty to the country, we feel it our duty to express to you our hear+iest thanks for the same. I have the honor to be, dear sir, your obedient servant, FRED. C. GILBERT, Sec. K. and B- Workers' Association. * * I * * What is the hidden significance of the move now being made, especially on the, part of one of the Perth dailies, to supplement the now practically defunct Water Works Board, by another board with the £ngineer-in-Chief at the head? This paper took the retiring board to task for haste and extravagance in giving a contract for pipes to a Sydney firm of contractors, and almost- as recently the EagftiBef^m-Chief humea"through a con- tract with the same finn for the supply of Coolgardie pipes. What Í6 the mys- tic influence of this firm, and what oc- cult power does it possess to plunge into equal hurry Mr. O'Connor and the dis- graced board? There seems to be magic in these pipes, and the Engineer-in-Chief seems under its spell. And the paper in question appears to be making passes to keep him under it. ' * * * '* To-day the churches are to put their congregation g to name-signing request- ing Mr. D. L. Moody to come over here and evangelise us. Everything now- adays is run on theatrical lines. Mr. Moody ie the "star" of the Evangelical Society, and the society expects to make a good "run" with him. We are an excitement-loving people, and an evangelical flutter may assist the "gold export" if it- does nothing else. We have now ceased to be excited by the Army and dry discussions of the law-: lesen ess in the churches, and we thirst ¡for a new brand, specially imported. Doubtless the monster petition will re- ceive a bulky signature to-day, and in all probability Mr. Moody will make a trip I here, and when he has been and gone, the local pilots of the sky will, once more, be left- to the resources of their own dull wits, in the presence of the tide [of backsliders. * * * * Tn that desperate race to Fashoda th< Dimble French skipped in the first , and sc when the British arrived they found th« coveted epot in occupation. Majoi Marchand, after undergoing great fa ti goes, rieks, and dangers, arrived at hit destination under the firm conviction I that he had won a foothold for the French on the confines of English Egyptian territory. But the English have informed him and France that he is within the Egyptian borders, and to avoid further trouble he had better make a graceful exit. This the French, very naturally, do not appear to relish, for ! it is hard to give up what we would fain tóSeve we have won. But Lord Salis- bury is firm upon the point, and the British pres are unanimously with him. The latest cables show delicate negotia- tions between the French and English Governments, the diplomacy of M. Del casse, it is said, having avoided an ulti- matum from Lord Salisbury. What- ever may come from these exchanges, it is certain England will not recede from the position she has taken. Beyond the little scraps of news we get out here lies a whole continent of maturing design. The North of África is being worked in the interest of Britain to the South, and with equal zeal in the same interest the South ie working steadily northward, j The freetrade press of France are now assuring us '"that France will not resist the British idea of a route from the Cape to Cairo." From the Cape to Cairo is what England ie set upon, and already we" see instalments of the plan. From the north the British flag has been car- ried south to Fashoda. In the south a cable informs us: "Mr. Cecil Rhodes has raised sufficient capital for the con- struction of the' railway from Bulawayo, in Rhodesia, to Lake Tanganyika, in British Central Africa." If the French interfere by the stopping of this plan in any way, it will take more than di- plomacy to get over the difficulty. In the meantime it is rumored that "Major ! Marchand is likely to withdraw of his own accord from Fashoda, and thus ex- tricate the French Government from the present difficulty." As welL appar- ent! v, to go out, as wait to be kicked * * * * Still more suspicion of bribery, cor- ruption, mismanagement, and general disintegration in official quarters of this colony's administration! The joint committee of the two Houses have pre- sented their report on the administra- tion of the bankruptcy laws, and have hinted that legal proceedings against Mr. Wainscot, the official receiver, are de- sirable. Hitherto the "top sawyer" officials have, in vulgar parlance, been permitted to play ~*agh jinks" general- ly, it would appear, and judging by the committee's report and the evidence, Mr. Wainscot has had a good deal of the dance to himself. Take as a sample his interview with the Auditor-General, ob- tained after much annoyance and diffi- culty. The Auditor-General said: - "There are certain charges made which I want explained. There is a charge, [Umbrella, 8s. 6d.' Will you kindly explain why you charge that item ?-Mr. Wainscot : Because it was necessary. 2\. There are also the following items': -'Tips, Geraldton, 15s. :' Tips, Cue, £2 :' 'Liquor, £1 4s.:' 'Water Bags, 7s. ;' 'Milk Bags, As. :' "Man, for ser- vices, 3s.:' 'Housemaid, Cue, 3s. 6d. ;' 'Chemist, 8s. Cd. ;' and 'Clothes, 16s. ad.' Why do you charge 'Clothes, 16s. Sd.'?-It was necessary. 3. Were the clothes for yourself!-Some for Mr. Kelly, and some for myself. 4. There are also items, 'Utensils, 5s. 6d. ;' 'Glas- ses, 3s. 6d. ;' and 'Overcharge on Lug- gage, SA 11s.' What, is this last item? -Luggage paid for to Gascard. They do not carry luggage for nothing. 5. There are other items, Tip to Driver, Ss. :' Tip to Waiter, Lawlers, £1 ;' 'Liquor, 12s. 6d. ;' and "Washing, 16s.' Is it usual to charge washing in your travelling!-Most certainly. You must have washing done. You cannot go all round these fields without. - One has to go round the circuit, and just fancy, can anyone pack enough linen to last him the whole time he is travelling the circuit. Allow me also to point this out. I ought to have charged more than what is mentioned there. I destroyed two or. three suits of clothes in that journey. Why should I have to provide new clothes for the benefit of the service! 6\. Then come the items-Tip at Men- zies. 5s,:' Tips, Coolgardie, £1 4s.;' 'Driver, Niagara, 5s. :' 'Washing, £1 10s. Sd. ;' Tips, 4s. ;' and 'Medicine, 4s. 63.' Ts it usual to charge medicine in your travelling expenses?-Most cer- tainly. If a man is sick, and his sick- ness is caused through travelling, he ought to be repaid the amount paid for medicine. Allow me also to point this out, that none of these charges come out of the Treasury. 7. The nert items are, Tips and Feed for Horses, £1,' and "Club Subscription, ,£l ls.' What is this club subscription?-That is a sub- scription where it is necessary to attend. I attended at Kalgoorlie. I cannot go to that club, and partake of their hos- pitality while there, and when my time expires say, 'No, I cannot pay a guinea.' I am associated with the officers of -the Government up there, and they invite me, and I must go to the club ; other- wise, what would they think of me? ? 8. Then there is liquor, 8s.'-All that liquor was provided for the purpose ot counteracting the dysentery from which 11 was suffering." In this way the Official Receiver is reported to have run ' up a bill for something over £247 for a 51 days' circuit trip, taken and ter-i minated on bis own sweet wilL Space will not permit me here to go into fur-] ther details of his alleged mismanage- ment and acts that savour of dishonesty; It is certain the matter will not end with the committee's report, for on. Tuesday next, on the motion of the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Wainscot is to be sum- moned to the bar of the Legislative Council, when "the question respecting the sums he had received as official liquidator in respect to the Coolgardie 'Courier7 Company, which he had re- fused to answer to the select committee, will be again put to bim by the Pre- sident."' 0, this long-suffering country of faith in political fetishes and .over trusted men in responsible high places! Ko wonder there are many who will not see their way either to live or die in it. 