"THf LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. CIntoos stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live op among the Himalaya mountains. These * old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. L~tely a German professor visited the " adepts," SMs these queer Hindus are called, for the pur *pose of finding out the secret of their rcmnrk \- able performances. They treated him rather eoorvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some , anient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were . kept. The place wras dark as the bottom of a '.wel. "I can't see to read here," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a esoft, pearly light brightened the cave. He . could not tell whence is came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality-it cast not the * alightest shadow. This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no treason for doubt except that all the lights youc have seen have cast shadows. Beliel or unbe lief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account * of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale -of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him * of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience? Take an example: 1 "In the spring of 1888," writes our corres pondent, "I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At arst my stomach was deranged, my appetite pour, and after eating I had pain and weight at .my chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and ,great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continuied in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and pro cured a supply. After I had taken only a few doesO I tound relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it oeed, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for *which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Grifflths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8, 189." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cost no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other band, we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at hie address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother feigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are buat ymptoms, forms, or phases of that universal diease--indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that, anrid throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had east such dark and terrify ing ehadows. And that is why people believe \- llthat is told of its success by eager witnesses. 