REIDITES IN CONCLAVE. [By Geo. H. Geeen.] Tse r.eidite Elders were seated ia the Council looking anxious and ill at ease, for the riven hour of the 'oDclaTe bad passed and' their leader 'Eimpty,' ever' bo punctual, bad failed tu put in an appear ance. Aad the patriarchal Brunker nervously addressed tue Eiders thus : — ' iSrutaren, would u not oe wisu to bduu a messenger to make inquiries as to the safety of Humpty, for aB ye are all aware or! bis inability to ride in a cart with the tailboard up, metniaks he may have overturned a tram, or fallen- irom a r&il-; way carriage.' Hardly bad the Unctuous One ceased speaking, when tbe Glius-Eyed One noisily entered and spake unto his disciples these wordB : — 1 Lament ye, oh my brethren, for the Viceroy is about to shake the dust of Australia from liie sandals, that he may again tread upon tbe land whereon bis ancestors won undying fame and much bullion as the purveyors unto the tribe! of Albion of lacteal lluid extracted from the glands of the domestic cow, and the news of bis intended departure bringeth sorrow unto my bouI. For hatb. he not been whilst sojourning in the land, a consistent member of our mutual Admiration Society, ever ready to return witn interest any bit of sugary flapdoodle that the plutocrats of the land may have- beslirued aim with. And in view of bis condescension in ac cepting the Governorship of a community so plebeian as ours, I am inclined to offer Uiui tlie usual six months leave of absence (on full saiary), at the sad of which be could gratefully retire from his official position — and hiB ecrew. You, brethren, cast tbe dust of this Gaud-fearing froeraid country from his trotter cases. And here Tater Young interjected, ask ing limapty had hU Esxellonoy given tny reason for bis sudden announcement of departure. And tho Glass Eyed one replied mourn fully : ' Xay Tater, nought but tbat given by Me predecessor, the 'Fiery Jersey,' aud which was that private reasons causeth tbe sacrifice.' And I ask you, brethren, as 1 milk ob,' to join me in this little ditty ; After many fruitful seasons 'Ampdeu't going to do a flit, And like 'Jersey 'private reasons Forces him to do a git. Fishy rumors fly in swelldom, 'liont our Lordly figure-head, And a trip to sinful fimelibone— ? Perhaps 'tis better left unsaid. Tell Frau Wettin of onr beauties, And how they take their bnllies down, P'raps next, she'll etnd a modam Joseph, Not an up-to-date John Brown. Good-bye, Milk oh, you must leave us, Tell old Ginger Jertey all ; And old chappie don't deceive us, Tell him o£ the fancy ball. Now, Barney Varkes, of the Ghost Office, rising resentfully, Baid : 'Methinks I smell something fishy tn the composition of the dirt-box dogrell sf the Glass-Eyed One, asd I think Bumpty should use a little more discretion ia his utterances ; for I should remind him there is a de famatien law in-thiB country, even though it be a retten one.' And Japan Jack rose in high dudgson, saying : ' It grievetb me to sit and hear the elder cast fetid aspersions at our libel laws, although I am aware there is vast room for improvement ; still I would in form ye tbat the libel law was not framed for tijo'.a like Barney Varkes and Cocky of the Camera to meddle with, and per haps oar. figure-head 'Milk _«h' woold lind, like Cocky of the Camera, libel actions are best left alone,' Now, the Elder for Ignsrance, who, strange to eay, hatb yet a feeling for tbe welfare of the land he receives so much boodle from, Baid unto the Elders : Why should we seek afar for our Governors ; for verily would it be better t» choose for tbe position one who in a native of the laud, or at least one whose interests are centered in tue country he governs. For it eeemeta to me we have amongst ua many wliO are capable of filling the position with honor to themselves, and profit to the people. For, being born in thA Innd. it standeth to rannnn that thttv would take a living interest ia the welfare of the people, and zeal in the discharge of their duties. Now, the Unctuous Brunker, unable longer to curb his delight at the visions of future possibilities tliat lay before him, should the suggestion of the Elder for Ignorance ever bear fruit, cried aloud, in the exuberance of hia spirit's vanity: ' Oh that tho Tribes were allowed the privilege of electing a ruler from our own people ; for then surely would tbe eyes ef the people be turned towards me, as one chosen by the Loard to lead them into tha paths of virtue aud rectitude, and protect them from the evil machinations of the wicked Tobyitea.' Now, the Glass-Eyed One, speaking of the regret of the mighty Tobias, as ex pressed by him, that he should be farced to challenge the consistency of the Beiditea id tinkering with the fiscal question said unto tha Gaudfearera: 'Yea my heart yearned for him, as he shed those tears of bitter sorrow, for well can I believe his statement made unto the councillors when speaking of tbe motion of oenture — 'that he was sorrv to retard the progress of Federation by introducing matters of party contention tbat would cause the minds of the counoillera to wander from that great question. And the truth of this statement is proved by the fact tbat this is the third attack by Tobias upon our perquisites, and Jet me assure ye Ob my brethren that it will not be by any me'tna the last, so long as he entertaineth the idea, that 'tis possible to oust us from, the Treasury benches. New tlie Councillor for Injustice, with true financial instinot, deeply deplered the time frittered away by these senseless attacks of the TobyiteB, upon this Gaud fearing crew, thus retarding the realiza tion of Federation. Although speaking for himself he must say be understood but little or nothing about it, yet was he as sured by tbe Labor Party tbat whereas tbe Mont de Fiete bad charged 6d j)er month in the £ on what they had left with them, yet were they prepared under a system of Federation to advance money at a lower rate; and as these misguided men were not likely to have another ohance to draw upon the Treasury in any, succee'ding Parliament, this ie a most important phase of the question to them. Now, the Glass-Eyed one, being com municative, informed tlie elders that he had received werd that the health of the Sproeker Blabbott was much improved since heh ad been granted leave of absenoe, and he was now doing, a bit of globe trotting for the benefit of the unfortunate 'taxpayer, who was so blindly selfish to jiiis own interests as to wish for similar trWtment at the bauds of their employers. Y?ow the bucolic Brunker, ever inqniBi. tiveS asked if the Sprooker had followed the Advice gives by one of the Elders, by placing himself under the treatment of X ukliqi ? ?— - AncK Holy Joe the Miner resenting en behalf \ of the Kproeker the reference to Pottie,! V.S., said : — ' Think not my brothrein that tbere in anything BBinine er mulish Jihout my friend the Sprooker, for i\ his canning in obtaining leave ot absence whilst the weather is hot as hades, and enjoying the cool climate of New England while we are slewing in our own gravy proveB him to be possessed of intelligence almoBt human, and I much envy him his trip.' * Now Barney Varkes Baid unto the Unctuous One : — ? Tell me I pray thee as a true prophet of tbe Loard, tha reading of the parable of the alligator and the tiies, as epoken unto us by the Tobyitieh Copeland.' Aud the Unctuous Ono hastened to say : ' Naught is there contained in this parable that hath reference to the workB of the Loard. Yet, for thy information, 1 may state that the flies that the ungodly Toby He described as-having entered the mouth of the alligator Ueid, represent the unwary Labor members, and having gotten them into such an awkward place, the Glass Eyed One hath quietly taken all in, even as Jonah did unto the whale. And this reminds me that whilst kneeling in tbe Tabernacle, some treasonable being pinned unto my coat tail this poem, which 1 will read unto you. Who helps our Freoraid bobbery, Who panders to onr jobbery, Who smooges to our snobbery 7 The Labor crowd I Who wears tbe broadcloth, spick and sleek, Who's word ie 'mum ' when Keidites speak, Who votes for six bright quidB a week 't The Labor crowd 1 Who cringes to their every jibe, Who turns them over with a bribe, Who pampers up the Labor tribe? Why Bumpty Beid I Who runs this curse o' God misrule, Who treat you all like boys from school, Who leads 'Bumpty,' like a docile mule? Why Premier McGowau 1 