CHAPTER XXXVII.-NEWS FROM S- THE .MOUNTAINS. Colatel'lFeris-awas Just about to re tire.when Captain Lennox, the officer of the day; was announced. The colonel had him admitted at once, and the captain said: "It is a late hour to disturb you, sir, but I consider it best under the circum stances." "No apologies, Captain Lennox, but sit down. I am always willing to be dis turbed where duty is concerned." "Here is a letter, sir, I took from thg stockade gate, and it was pinned there with this penknife, - You see,. sir, the envelope is addressed to you; and the messenger frightened the sentinel, so he did not .even challenge him." The colonel tore open the n.envlope; read what was written; there, and said: "Tell me, Captain Lennox, exactly how you got this comiunication, please."' The_ ?nptais at once told the' circum stances of the ghostly visitor leaving it, and the colonel said: '"I will read it-to you." - -What he read-was as followss: "To Colonrel Frank'Ferris, Commanding S?tarrier Post. "'Sir,-I desire to make known to. you that Colonel Cody, an officer of cavalry, tnid three scouts are now prisoners in the Indian village of Red Lightning, the most'cruel of chiefs. "Henegades.among the Indians are urging the chief to put them to death, but for some mysterious reason he spares them, and other Influences are at work to save them. "They are held securely, but are not made to suffer, but what the outcome will be no one can tell. "To attempt their rescue with a-force would be madness, so other means will be resorted to, though it will be perhaps long before ianything can be done. "The Indians Puffered febrfully in their attack on you, losing hundreds of-horses and ponies.,and they are-in a very ugly mood; and everiin the wintec may at tempt, to surprise you. "Trhe' \idnighters are snowed for the present, but will be dangerous to the stages '-whenevcr:athaw :permits them to ruan.: : -"Surgeon Powell knows the retreat of the Midnighters. and if the weather per uits, a dash to their stronghold might catch them napping, for they did not desert it except to avoid the force they were sure Cody would lead upon them. ''There is a mystery in the mountains in connection with the Guntilson party's fate which next spring will ' be cleared up.. "Do not fail to keep on the watch for a surprise from the Indians at the post, the camps, and settlements, and let the drivers' look out foi' road-agents when they are able to rgn their coaches. "In conclusion letim- urge-that you make it a profound secret that the news given you frorc the. mountains comes from ' : "TIHE GHOST OF THE I:H.UNTED S FORT." -- - - "Well, that is news! And my infor mant'is a--self- confessed ghost! ':Dict what do you think of all' this. Captain Lennox?"' asked Colonel Ferris, when he had finished reading the letter. "I'hardly know what to say, sir; but I should do as he asks, whoever he is." "I certainly shall, and you need not speak of this strange letter." - "No, sir; but it is good news to feel that Seaford, Cody, and his men have not been put to death." "It is, indeed; and Heaven grant they may not be.. But, this influence work ing In their favor must be the writer of this letter." "I should think so, sir," );Yes:; but' wlaocan-t-bhe.b that- roves about the mountains as he does? - One would almost think he really - was a ghost, to appear as he does in all kinds of weather," "It is remarkable, sir," "And he hints of, the mystery being solved as to what fate poor Gunnison and his men met with, and also of the Haunted Fort" "I do not know how to take it all, sir; but his advice is worth heeding." "It is indeed;" and as the captain left to return to his post of duty, the colonel sat for a long time meditating over the strange letter he had received, (Td be continued.) 