THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Couaous stories are told about ,the? powers possessed bhycertain'natives of India; who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old, men, it is: said, ;have `devoted scores of years to the'study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "' adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out -the secret of :their remarkable performances. -They treated: him rather scnrvily,.bu. interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some" ancient , Sanskrit manuscripts. --An adept went" with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. "I can't see to read hcre," ,said the visitor. S'Then we will have some light," was the reply,and imriiediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave.- He 'could not tell whence it came, but he 'noticed that.it had one strange quality-it castl oat (e slightest shadorw. This is a story lard to believe,'yet its truth. is' affirmed by man of vast learning and high character, and"you who now read ithave no reason for doubt except that all the lights'you have seen have cast shadows.' Belief or unbelief' commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the accouint of the Lisbon 'earth quake,' yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. There is a deal of difference between Mr Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may Le true enough,but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phrases of -that universal disease-indigestion and dyslielAsia; itcures that, and throws the lightof. health-. and happiness over hearths and: homes where illness and pain had cast such dark 'and' terrifying shadows. And that is why .people believe all that iF told of its success by eager witnesses A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience? Take an example ; "In the spring of 1888," writes our correspondelit, "I fell into a low, weak and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great de pression of spirits. I kept up with my work ,but had always a sense of discomufort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Sprup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, .never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I'thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty -to send you this testimony. (Signed). D. Grifliths, tailor and outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." An English statesman on a well- known Australian ditto:-" He is like the kangaroo of his native country-was born with a ' pocket, and puts everything into it." .The first Agent-General' ever: sent to Idndon from Australia was Stuart Donaldson who was appointed in 1830 by New Soith 'Wales. 