St. Teresa. A Noble Tribute bt a Presbyterian Minister. Dr. Alexander Whyte a Presbyterian minister of Edinburgh has been startling his brother nonconformists by the delivery of a lecture in which he professes unstin ted admiration for St. Teresa. As is but natural, considering the denomination to which he belongs, smudges of Protestan tism may be discovered- here and there in the marvellous lecture, but its tone as a whole is the reverse of controversial. After a vivid sketch of St. Teresa's life and work Dr. Whyte proceeds to point out that her secret was her wonderful passion for prayer. After quoting one of St. Teresa's descriptions of her experiences in prayer. Dr. Whyte proceeds: " He who can read that, and a hundred passages as good as that, and who shall straightway set himself to Bneer and scoff and disparage and find fault, he is well on his way to sin against the Holy Ghost. At any rate, I would be if I did not revere and love and imitate such a saint of God. Given God and His Son and HiB Holy Spirit.- given sin and salvation and prayer and a holy life; and, with many drawbacks, Teresa's was just the life of self-denial and re pentance and prayer and communion with God that we should all live. It is not Teresa who is to be bemoaned and blamed and called bad names. It is we who do all that to her who are beside ourselves. It is we who need the beam to be taken out 6f our own eye. Teresa was a mystery and an offence; and, again, an encouragement and an example to the theologians and the inquisitors of her day just as she still is in our day. She was a stumbling-stone, according to the temper and disposition and character of her contemporaries, and she is the same to-day. The pressing question with me is not the truth or the falsehood, the amount of reality or the amount of imagination in Teresa's locutions and visions. The pressing question with me is this—Why it is that 1 have nothing to 6how to myself at all like them ? I think I could die for the truth of my Lord's promise that both He and His Father will manifest themselves to those who love Him and keep His words ; but He never mani fests Himself, to be called manifestation, to me. I am driven in sheer desperation to believe such testimonies and attain ments as those of Teresa, if only to support my failing faith in the words of my Master. I had rather believe every syllable of Teresa's.so-staggering locutions and visions than be left to this, that ever since Paul and John went home to Heaven Our Lord's greatest promises have been so many idle words. It is open to any man to scoff and sneer at Teresa's extraordinary life of prayer, and at the manifestations of the Father and the Son that were made to her in her life of prayer, and some of her biographers and censors among ourselves have made good use of their opportunity. But I cannot any longer sit with them in the seat of the scorner, and I want you all to rise up and leave that evil seat also. 