BUCCANEER'S DIABT. — : ? ' '♦ - — ? ? IN TWO PARTS. (By Ernest Favenc.) PART I. Er T was one thing to turn H in to sleep quietly in your H bunk, not fearing any H danger or trouble, and ^ another to be awakened by the thunder of pound ,4ng surf-waves and the i| swish of water on the I deck. As I tumbled out, (J the only thought in my mind was: 'Where on earth have we got to?' Possiblv it mieht .have been put stronger, and in a different form, but the fact remained that I had to' hurry on deck as fast as I could. Just as I reached the door cf our cuddy I was met, full, by a, sweeping sea, that dashed me, ^stunned and half- drowned, ? under the table. How I escaped drowning I know not, for when I came to my senses .the salt water was lapping my mouth. Needless to say, I scrambled up as quickly as possible, and, the beating of the billows being now somewhat lulled, I managed to j grope my way on deck. - j What a scene it was! By the light of a setting' moon I could see that we were on a reef, and liad been hurled by the violence- of ? the breakers al most into safety, or, at least, such safety as a \ dismasted wreck could find on the shallows of a j coral reef. Not a soul left; green, white-crested j breakers all around, and a ghostly moon lighting up the scene. Whether they strove to wake me or not I can not say, but recalling the hot words that had passed between Captain Mordrassa and myself, I believe that I was wilfully left to drown. There might have been several amongst the crew who did not wish for my death; but in the confusion of sud denly striking oa this unknown reef they probably had no chance to look after jay safety. ' I haft commenced to heartily curse both Mordrassa and the wine-bottle, which last was the cause of my sleeping so soundly, when it occurred to me that probably I had the best of it, for the boats could ?never have lived amongst the surf that stretched around. I was confirmed in this belief by the sud den advent of a dead body. A higher wave than usual threw it over the bulwarks, at my feet. I stooped, to examine it, the hulk being now fast and steady. It was the body of Mordrassa. Our quar rel was over and settled. - Recovering myself somewhat, and my brain becoming clearer, I looked around at the desola tion that surrounded me. Astern was a line of bieakers; ahead was calm water; but no sign cf land. Above the horizon was .the sickly, waning moon, and in the east theflueh of coming day. . My position seemed pretty ihopelessv but it was -bettter than. Mordrassa's, and to settle matters between us I proceeded to heave his body overboard. again. I did. not desire his company ,' either alive or dead. Then, as the dawn broke. clearer and brighter, I began to ponder over the state ol affairs. .'I- was alive. In all probability everybody else was dead. I owned the ship, which, was not, .as .one. can ima gine, of much value; but I also. owned the trea sure which should rightly belong to ' fourMlcl twenty souls — bad souls, now in purgatory, no doubt. .Awed by this thought, I. knelt down and vowed that if I was rescued from my unfortunate position I would dedicate a large portion of our pi ratical gains to religious purposes. I felt better after this, l^bd, , the day. being now bright and dear, I. got a little more confidence in myself, and returning to the cuddy, still awash with water, I got some meat and a very comfort ing bottle of wine, and after disposing of them re turned on deck again. The poop was nearly dry, and I walked up and down meditating what I should do with the treasure,'- and what sort of a house I would build when I finally got away, when that confounded Mordrasea turned up again. I really thought the. fellow did it on purpose, for an especially Mgh'wave cast him right over the poop railings . at my very feet. ' And he had an evil, mocking grin on his face which no drowned -man ought to wear. ' ? I thrust him overboard again, and, I must con fess, kicked him several times in doing so. Then I went down for another drink of wine, for Mor draesa had annoyeJ me. Why couldn't the man keep quiet when' he is dead? I bethought me of the last words we had exchanged, nearly followed by cutlass thrusts, and felt satisfied that I ?had been in the right, and that if my little plan had succeeded, we should now be safe and sound instead of being stuck on a reel. Mordrassa asserted that the Southland of the Dutch was a mere cluster of islands, and that we, coming from the east, after the sack of Panama, could sail right through them and reach Africa, which was foolish, but ingenious,. But I held that the Dutch had discovered a great contineut, and that we should drive on to its eastern coast. Quarrelling over this, I had induced a number of the crew to join me in a mutiny and an attempt to seize the command. We failed; Mordrassa's party proved too strong, and after a bloody struggle we had to give in. On account of my seamanship Mordrassa spared my life, with the promise'of yard-arming me as soon as we came in sight of land, but this never happened, and up to the night of our wreck we drank and quarrelled as usual, and now he was dead and I was alive. So far, so good; but where was I? If It was the Dutch South land, where was the bleak coast they las cribed? Before me was nothing but gre'en pat ches of water, and broken belts of surf. No sign of dry ground. All that day I took counsel with myself as to the outcome of my desperate situation; and at intervals Mordrassa came tumb ling on board, until I got disgusted with his conduct, and lashed him fast with a rope. After that I found some comfort from him, for I used to talk to him. although not in a complimentary manner, and it was a solace to have an old enemy alongside whom one could abuse at leisure, and who could not answer back^ But, reflpct as I would, the matter seemed hopeless. I had the ship and treasure surely enough, but what good was it to me? How could ' I get away? I might in time build a boat, for i had some small skill in the matter, and that, I concluded, was the best thing to do. When should I set to work? At once; but first,. to see that the treasure was safe, I went down to the lazarette, and saw the cases, all safe and intact, as I hoped their contents were. But I did not stop to ex amine them; Mordrassa came between me and the work. Another big sea hove him on board, and trundled him right through the cuddy on top of me. Now this was disgusting. After lashing him safely, and, as I thought, surely, it was a dastardly thing for a corpse to cut itself loose and came tumbling down on top of a live man. I left the lazarette and went on deck. Mordrassa.could stop where he was. Next I commenced my boat building, and a weary, weary task it was, and all through, the thought. haunted me that if I cculd find a passage through the reef I should find a continent to the westward, the big continent of the Dutch, and from there I would finally gain civilisation, and be able to make use of the treasure. I built the boat, and by the time I had finished it some nine months had passed. We had a store of 'boucan' on board, which was not much injur ed by the wet, and on this, and on the wines and other liquors, I lived. And Mordrassa lived, too. ' When I say 'lived,' I mean that his body did not decompose, but that every time I went near the open trap of the lazarette his ugly -face grinned up at me. The hulk was now leaking badly, and full of water, ' but what annoyed me was the thought that out of all who were drowned Mordrassa's body should be the only one to come back. Was this on account of our long enmity, the more bitter for its being concealefl, that he should thus haunt me after death? We had; sailed 'together for years, and while. he had Jal ways been ostensibly in command, he well knew, which was net concealed between us, .in private, that. I was the master spirit. Then, when -we parted from Morgan and' the others, and started on this wild crulsg across itfie1 Pacific, lie begatf gg^sgume-XlB; 9 foolish chieftain- kind of airs. Him caused tie,. -1|| quarrel. I insisted , on equal divisionVTlB *e*-*l| .fused. Now I have.it all. ? ' , |3§| Well,'! ant jusfcabout- starting, and this is-per- M| haps the last opportunty I may oave «f writing. I^Efl have the boat ready,- and packed. The -wreck Is* $m beginning to break up, and at daylight I leave/_ :*J| * * *- * wl 'Is that your rendering, old man?' X-sald* ?wheqc-;3| my mate had finished reading' thus. far.' : ^fl ??Yes, but not mine altogether; my father ;- wrote J|» some of it out. I have simply put it Into readable 5fe| TT-tid-UkTi ?? ' ? ? - ?'??- iSSJS 'And you infer from it, so far as I can see, that---.$s|j the Great Barrier Reef is the place where \', 'fliSs ',': :?M buccaneering ancestor of yours got wrecked?' '?&-$& 'Not my ancester, but a great great uncle. Ott;;|a what kin, I know not. It's a sort of Ingoldsby ^pfl Legend arrangement. He came home and ?? afeck^j; &gs; and this diary was found after his .death',*. which' ?:? ';r#J .was. a- bad' death, I may tell you, according to'/jallD--^ legends.' ' ? ? ' : ???/?:'-l4! 'Weii?' , ?. : :?.;?; ;;-.x$ 'Of course I never dreamt of finding mysetf '.itf- '? -$! cated in this part of the world, but now, Aelngin- S| the Palmer Gold Field, and doing no good,'.ybjt' 't?' and I, why not spend the rest of our money iks ;^ looking up this treasure trove instead of sinking ?.','.$? it in digging useless holes in the 'ground?' ' .'-Z ? :;| 'Have you any more of the diary?' ,. -' 'r ' ?. .£? 'Not much, but what there is Us very pregnajat u with meaning. The only thing istHfiat t#5^^-.' ?'-? have to encounter Mordrassa's ghost. ' Ar^ yblf ? % afraid of ghosts?' , '?'-'?.?' .-''?? ?'?-': 'Can't tell; never savr one; don't want to.' ??''' =? 'Well, according to the finish, of this old buc- ' caneer's diary, Mordrassa is still keeping guard. ' over the treasure.' ? ?'?': ?-'. 'So it was left behind, after all,?- ? ?'' ? ; 'it . - 'It was not exactly left behind, but rather,- r©| '' ? ? turned. Anyhow, it's there still, If we can only ! find it.' ' ' - .--?':.. . -.i 'And you think we can?' .. , ^'^'p '^j ' v 'I do. And if you will listen t6;'j^^ra!fe!jg^|Sj^S'- : v;: yarn you will, too. Now, prepare 'for horrors^^^ : ? . And that was how it was that Nick Dohken'iaiS: : ' I fell to exploring the Barrier Reef, leaving 6©i-' hind the battered picks and shovels Tre;W«-tin«pi' , -- fectually labored with. What weiotod- wiSMBfiEe;-' ~: than we bar£_med for. . ''-.V-' ^^-.^??f^'^f^T/- ?$. (To be continued.) : r...w, ;^! 