SHORT STORIES. TRYING A CHARM. A NEW YEAR'S STORY. CHAPTER 1. THE SQUIRE'S DAUGHTER. I am not a Yorkshire woman, though I dearly love the noble county, for the greater. part of a happy and now long life I have passed in Yorkshire. My dear husband-Heaven preserve him yet for many a year!-is Yorkshire born. He has a fine farm near Norman ton; he brought me down a week after we were married; and, except when up in London for a week dr two, as I have been lately, with my young friend here, I have lived on my husband's farm ever since our marriage. I have two daughters married, and they are settled down near us; so that I can keep an eye upon our dear little grandchildren. What, you do not think I look old enough to be a grandmother? Why, my daughter Mary's eldest girl is 12 years old, and I am near 56. Oh, fie! don't talk about her beauty to an old grand'mothe'r. When I was a girl, indeed! But even then my good looks were not of much account when I stood beside my foster sister-the squire's daughter. That brings me back to the story I am going to tell you. It is nothing about myself, but the squire's daughter. There is nothing interesting in the stony of my life. My husband and I have gone on in a steady, jog-trot manner. We are neither high enough nor low enough fer the troubles of poverty en the one hand, or riches on the other. I aim not, as I have said, Yorks:hire born, and though I love the county where I have been so happy, yet there Is a nook in my heart yet for my birth place, the Garden of England-fair, sweet, fertile Kent. My father, as well as my husband, was a farmer, and held his farm of Squire Marsden, who had a fine estate in the neighbourhood of Foot's Cray. Miss Laura Marsden had the mis fortune to lose her mother the day she was born. As Mrs. Marsden had meant to nurse her infant herself, there was no one to look to the little starving baby in the confusion which ensued upon the mother's death. My mother, who was nursing me at the time, was up at Cray Hall, as the squire's mansion was called. The poor lady, who was one of the kindest and meekest crea tures in the world, was very fond of my mother. She had been sent for when Mrs. Marsden was taken ill, and was with her when she died; and un asked she: took the forlorn little baby to her own bosom. The squire, when he got a little over his first dreadful despair at the loss of his lady, did not seem to think he could thank my mother enough for her care of his little orphan girl. He said that Alice Mayfield, his -daughter's foster sister, should always be dear to him, next to his own child, and the gootl squire kept his word, for I was brought up with Miss Laura, and when I was married Squire Marsden gave me a dowry of two thousand pounds, and that was after a great trouble had fallen upon him-a trouble which was caused by the events I am about to tell you of. The squire had never married again, and certainly Miss Laura was a spoiled child, or would have been but for her sweet temper and loving heart. Talk of beauty! well, if you had seen' Miss Laura at 16, you might have talked! I was a well-looking girl enough my self then, but no more to compare to Miss Laura than a little field daisy to a beautiful moss rose. Her hair was like sunbeams, woven into silken threads; her eyes such a deep blue you might have taken them for black, and her skin was like nothing that I can think of except the May flower-the hawthorn-with its tinge: of pink. She was as good as she was beauti ful, and as clever as she was good; her chief fault, or rather misfortune, was that she was very romantic, and to gratify her spirit of romiance she would be bold and daring to a degree that was surprising in one whose customary mood was so gentle. You may be sure she had governesses and masters of all kinds, but the governess who lived with her and had charge of her was a German lady. She had been many years in England, and could speak English very well, but she was eaten up with the wild romance and superstitions of her own country; and though I used myself to enjoy the wild legends she would tell us when our studies were f over, of apparitions, and omens, and i mointain spirits, and water spirits, end d wild huntsmen, and doppalgangers, which I understand were people's ghosts, wandering about the world while they were yet alive, I do not c think it was right of her to tell such s tales to any girl, let alone one so l earnest about such matters as Miss i Laura. To be sure. I must say for po.or Fraulein lalkbTenner she was little more than a. girl herself, not three-and twenty, -and she was brought away from Germany when quite a child be cause her father's property had all been destroyed by those horrid French dur ing the war. 1 Well, you know, we English .country folks have silly superstitions enough, and that young girls, whether in town or country, will listen to fortune- j tellers; and, above all, at certain seasons of the year try charms to ascer tain who are to be their future husbands. Now, I dare say you do not know that the grand periods for trying these charms are Midsummer Eve, All Hallow's Eve, and New Year's Eve. It was on New Year's Eve- to me it does not seem like more than 40 years ago-Miss Laura and I were nearly 19, and we thought it high time that the lover should make, his appearance that is to say, the right cine, for we had neither of us been without an offer. A well-to-do young man, a Deal pilot, wanted to have me; and Miss Laura, to her father's great disappointment, had refused a baronet, one of the lead ing men of the county. We were not in love with either of these persons, so we could not have them; but for all that, we were a little lidgetty, for "Miss in her teens" fancies she will be an old maid at 20. We were to try all kinds of charms on New Year's Eve, and 1raulein, you may be sure, so far-fouom forbidding such silly tricks, was ready to. take her share in them. Now, as for myself, I had no objec tion to trying a question with_ cards, or dropping boiling , lead . into cold water, or even eating an apple at mid night before a looking-glass; but as for saying a prayer backwards, or having a hand in making dumb the cake, or sowing hemp seed in the village church yard as the clock was striking twelve, I thought it no better than downright witchchaft, and if I had not thought it wicked, I should have been too great a coward to take any share in spells of that sort. I well remember it wa~s a very heavy winter; there had been a slight fall of snow on Christmas day, and then a. hard frost set in. Miss Laura's studies, of course, were over, but Fraulein remained with . her as a friend and companion., and to keep up her practise of talking French and German, for it was the timen of the war, and there were none of your young ladies going to finish their education on the Continent in those days. Poor Fraulein! she was an accom plished and affectionate creature; she had no fault save her belief in the marvellous, but that proved a fatal one both for Miss Laura and herself. Well, there was to be a grand dinner party at Cray Hall on New Year's Day. The squire had gone to London, where he was to sleep, and bring some of the gentlemen guests home with him on New Year's morning. The housekeeper and all the servants, male and female, were busy preparing for the grand party; and Miss Lisette, Miss Laura's French maid, was shut up in her own room with a heap of ribbons and laces, and artificial flowers, getting ready Miss Laura's finery for the ball which was to follow the dinner. Now the dark spells, which purE' cowardice would have prevented me from meddling with, were scoffed and laughed a.t by the young Frenchwoman, who was the most light-hearted creature, and the most incredulous of the supernatural that I ever knew indeed, it would have done her no harm if on some points she had be lieved a little more. But Mademoiselle Lisette had been brought up in the family of a French nobleman, who called himself a philosopher, and was a patron of that wicked villian Voltaire. Much good his philosophy did him compelled him to run away from Paris to escape the guillotine. That, however, is neither here nor there, except that Lisette ha.d picked up some very free notions, and had so often presumed to laugh behind their backs at hei' young lady and at Frau lein, what she thought their s~upersti tion, that we were all glad that we could shut ourselves up in what had been Miss Laura's school-room, and ti'y our New Year's Eve spells, secure from any intrusion of Mademotselle, who we knew nothing but a sense of hei' own position would hinder fi'om laughing in our faces. I cannot t~eil you how many absurd ceremonies we wvent through; n'e laughed ourselves at their non-success, for we had no result either of sight or sound. Then we melted a quantity of lead, and poui'ed it boiling into a basin of cold watei'. We could make nothing intelligible out of the shapeless mass which nmine fell into, but I turned rather nervous, and would participate in the game no more, when I saw what w'eired, ghastly forms, lute swords and skeletons, and tombstones, the lead assumed when dropped in the water by Miss Laui'a a~nd Fraulein. They both laughed at me, but I do not think that they themselves liked the strange figures taken by the melted lead. So far, however, from shrinking back, frightened as I was, they wvere tempted to furtheo' eXeperiments, and producing a bag of hemp seed, they asked whether I would not go with thenm to sowv it in the churchyard, as the clock sti'uck 12. I refused most positively, and even threatened to go and get the key of the conservatory dooi'. througho which they proposed to get out into the park, so that Miss Laura and I were nearer a quai'iel than ever we ha~d been in our lives; finally, howevei', sloe preteaded to thr common-sense argument I urged, namely, the danger of encountering rpoachei's, or taking a severe cold. (To be continued.) Food is served in one of this London restaurants on electrIcally- heated plates, so that the guests can eat leisurely and still have the viands war muotil the close of the meal. 