FOR RUBE'S SAKE. Working hours were over in the Great White Canyon. Mary Vernur pulled down the little window of the post-office of which she was inis ties** swept the contents of the narrow counter into a drawer, which she locked ; then pinning a broad-leaved hat above the curls that clustered about her brow, sht? passed out of her log cabin into the sweet evening air. As she reached the low fence which ran be fore her house a hurried footstep sounded I through the gathering gloom, ami a man's voice ‘ k. kb*t jon, Mary, my girl P You look I;tVe more than a ghost under the shadow of yicae Imshec.’* •* You’ve kept your promise, dearest, and con*: to see me,” she cried, as sho threw herself into the arms of her lover. Reuben liaise kissed the red lips so frankly oflored before he spoke. ** Yes, Mary, I've kept my protnire, but I’ve come to say good-bye.*' '* Good-bye—good-bye ? You're going away ? You’re going to leave me—jour sweetheart— your wito that ts to be. " My dear little girl, don’t erv— don't grieve. You'vu been my sweetheart, faithful sod true, but we can never marry.” The strong innn'd voice broke and died into silence. " Go on ; tell me the worst.” sobbed the girl In his arms, "•Listen, dear. You know that latterly things havo gone wrong with me. The bit of money I’ve saved for our wedding in the fall was Btoleu, and then the cabin I’d built for you down by the Blue Pools was burnt. Still, there was the farm stock and your little purse of savings left, but the drought has killed the stock *nd—oh, Mary, how can I tell you ?” Mary drew apart from her lover and steadied her trembling form against the garden fence. ** Someone has robbed you of the money I gave you. Oh, my poor boy-” She stretched forth her pitying hands towards the man before her, who only bowed his head mid shuffled hi* feet in the thick white dust. ** Tell me, Reuhen, tell me how it happened. Ah, surely, you are not thinking that I ihall blame you for such a misfortune,” and once more she crept to his side. But Kf-uben thrust her trom him. ** ’Twas no misfortune ; ’twits a crime. Your little savings, those few coins you’ve starved and scraped to keep, lie there.” He pointed with his lean, brown hand down the canyon to where, amidst a dense mass oi loli tge, it few lights twinkled. Mary staggered. “ Down there r At Ffolliett’s 1 I lost it all at faro last night.” For a moment no sound but the evening breeze whispering among the creepers and bushes and the harsh note of a night bird broke the stleuce. Then a woman's voice, teu dor and low and full of tears,murmured,"Rube, dear Rube, 1 forgive you ” *• Don't. Mary, don’t 1 I’d rather you would The stars twinkled their diamond eyes on the nittti utul Kiri as they said farewell. For Reu ben had settled to leave the canyon that night. " Bill Redfern, One-oyed Sammy, and Joe, the Portugee, are going, too. We’re all broke, and maybe will starve out there,’* aud he waved his hand towards the wide 1 orest land of Ari zona, " as in this canyon here. Don’t sob so, my girl, you'll break my heart. I’m not worth a tear Iroin your pretty eyes or a choke iu ymit white throat. But, Mary, you might pray for me sometimes, mid when you’re married to a good chap as tinu’t go to Kfolliett’s aud ueglect his farm for the tahles aud the bar, think of me-e, who.loved you, but was not worthy to have you,” Reuben Hasel nn«l hi» companion* liad been yono from tbu Grunt White Canyon lor a weak. Mary’s checks, never very full of colour, had grown pale and heavy, and -blue lines beneath her largo eyes told of sleepless nights and many Yet Paul Harding—“ Beauty Paul, ns be was called in the canyon—thought he had never uten Mary look so lovely as he clattered up to tho door of the post- office one morning and 2.sired the young pvA-mirl'i’-sa if there fcoy thing for him. •» Nothing lor you to-day.” Yet Paul seemed loth to go. Ho pulled ht» long, tawny moustache, jingled his spurred boots upon the. floor, and continued to stare through the pigeon-hole window at the girl, as i'he flitted about her usual business. " Anything 1 can do for you ?” she asked him presently. " No,” Paul said slowly, taking in every detail of the girl’s pretty figure,clnil in a cotton frock of gentian blue. " But might.I speak to you oae minute—privately.” “ You cuu say what you have .got to say where vox are.” He stared sileutiy, t>t roots, asd as his cyer wandered up triay lit on the snowy shelves of bright utens ts, and shining sauce pans which lined the walls. " How different you keep the place from what a mao’s shanty is-” But he stayed his compliments. ** You live dowu by the Blue Pools, don’t you ?” • " Yes, next to Reuben Halse till his place) was burnt out, and he came to my^ahauty. I[ saw Rube three days back.” “ You saw Rube ?” Mary claspedflber hands above her heart. ** Yes. Ho and his chums past tod'through Long Tom's ranch, I’ve been out thiere this two mouths past helping him branchwwl count the cattle. Itube told me that youbuid he had parted, and the reason why. He.’ asked me to look after you a bit. You see, we’ve been good pain, and I’d like to do him. a turn now he's gone under. You will let 'me look after you now aud again, won’t you^for Kube’ts The handsome cowboy, tall andhstrong as a giant, clad iu the picturesquely rough clothes of bin calliufr,' bnnt like n reed ‘before* tbiffclnyv blue-clad figure of the poHt-mistrewq.'nTho laid a slender white hand in his great palm and lifted her violet ejes to his dark onesZ 44 Surely, Paul Harding, for RubeVisake, you may look after me when I can’t Hook alter It was for Rube’s sake that^the'following Sunday Paul dressed himself in .bis best, brought a little two-whet*lea cart, jgay with bells and bright colours, to Mary’s* door and asked her to drive out with him. The day was fair, and ‘“Beauty ” Paul ammed her with stories of Rube, fcuid when they came to an end bo told h* r 'of his own home, in the heart of a green couti pj in Eng land. He made her laugh with his tales fof college life, mid shudder with bis descript ions of tha’ campaign in Egypt,which he had gou b through.' Only he did not tell her how he, an English officer, came to be loafiug and dri hkiug and! gambling away his days aud his hoalt.il in Great White Canyon. The next Sunday Mary shut her? filf withinj her log cabin, and neither tho blue s! ty nor thej gny curt and smartly- caparisoned Horse. rnirf •* Beauty *? Paul himself could wheedJ b her out.j “ She would not be seen.” she sairk sternly, *• with one of Kfulliott’s lot.” She, .however.' repmted aud forgave him on his p toraise to! vo.eud for her sake. ; As weeks aud months went. by. >and thoj rof the canyon changed tp - red /and gold. Paul Fonad that iF he was to **U ook after " Mury he had to give up the saloon. And. iudedd, for a space Ffolfiett’.sTknew him not, till one October morning‘his arflowauee— the money which bought his faronJj freedom from bis disgraceful pretence—*rrn ed from England. I tette.nat week gfolliett’^WM |j* moniurn, w!*h the 44 Beauty ” as a presiding | demon. | Msry heard of it and refused to speak or 1 look at him. Then it was that ho flung himself I Ixjfore her one day ami prayed her to save him ; trom that which oe whh powerless to save him | self from—drink and dice and bad companions, | Anil she did what other women have done ! before her and will do again. She placed her hand in his, and, with her heart full of Kabo Halse, she promised to marry Paul—for his pquI’m suke. The eve of their marriage day arrived, and with it Paul's allowance from England. The occasion and the opportunity suggested a carouse, and Paul informed the 44 hoys ” he would he standing treat at the Ftolliett’s that night for the hist time. Paul was lull of liquor—he had drunk Mary’s health vrith every man in. the place--Hiid he tv is also full of luck for once in a way. A pile of gold lay before him on the table, and he wua hist proposing another round in Mary’s honour when big Bill Kedfcrn strode in and was greeted with a shout of 14 AUoo,Bdl, you back? What luck, pard ?” “ Luck, my lads, I leave luck to fools and dead beats. Pve been workiog, and.thank God, Pve worked for something. I've put my sweat and muscle into the ground and I’ve struck ore! None of your dust or pockets, but a vein as broad as au ox’s back and sa long as a river, *nd •o I've come back with Rube ” I PanI looked up with a start. Here was be drunk in a gambling hell on the eve of hia marriage with Mary, and Rube had come back. 44 What did you say ? ” he muttered. 1 44 I said Rube *ud I had come back. But don't let me disturb your game. Come, rotne. have a drink ; I’m standing treat, and as to Rube, here’s his health and Mary’s ! ” 44 I’m standing treat ! ” shouted Paul,spring ing up. “ Have a drink with me ! ’’ Ami with this he flung his liquor in Bills face and made a rush at him. A pistol flashed, a blue puff of smoko died in the hot air,aud 44 Beauty ” lJaul lay stone dead on Ffolliett’fl floor. Some of them went up to the post-office to break the news to Mary. There was a light in the window, and by it they saw Rube ami her sitting talking. Quietly and with bowed beads they left the cottago arid returned to Pfolliett'a without fulfilling their mi-sion. Next day a rough-and-ready jury having con sidered all the circumstnuces of the ease and with due appreciation of Bill Redferu’s prowess as a dead shot, decided that Paul had courted ou purpose a certain death, and they returned a verdict of “ Suicide while of uusouud mind.” 