RVEST FESTIVAL AT A successful Harvest Thanksgiving celebration was held in connection with the Yorketown Wesley an Church on Sunday and Tuesday, February 13 and 15\. Considerable interest was shown in the visit of the Rev. G. E. Wheatley, the predecessor of the present minister of the Yorketown circuit. The Sunday morning service was conducted by tlie Rev. C. H. Nield, who spoke of the ways in which God's ancient people recognised the good gifts and providential care of Jehovah, and urged that Christian people to-day should not be behind the Jews of old in practical expressions of gratitude and in the support of the cause of God. In the evening the Rev. G. E. Wlieatley preached, the church being crowded, The subject was " God accepting the will for the deed," and the w T ords of the text were "Do ad that is in thine heart." Mr. Wheatley, speaking of the desire of David to build a temple for the *' Ark of the Covenant" urged that places of worship to-day should be worthy of Him in whose name they were dedicated and suitable in every way for the purpose for which they were supposed to be built. Worshippers should not increase the size and comforts of their own dwellings and neglect God's sanctuary. Speaking of th e rejection of David's generous offer *<> build a temple on account of the blood that he had shed, the preacher sai d that very often there were things tli e past life of God's people which made them unfit for the highest forms of service. But though David was not P erm *tted to achieve his aim himself, it was his privilege to train a son to carry out Ms purpose and to gather together ; the material for the future building. In a similar way many of the servants of God in these days could train workers for the future and pave the way for nobler work than any they could see accomplished in their lifetime. On Tuesday, the 15th., the Re?. G. E. Wheatley lectured to a good audience in the Institute Hall on " Ghosts." The lecture was both amusing and instructive and was listened to very attentively and closely followed throughout After the relation of some personal incidents,' which caused considerable laughter, Ithe (lecturer went on to speak of different classes of people who raised the cry of " Ghost*" for various reasons—some because their over-wrought imaginations phantoms where none existed, while others raised the cry to turn attention away from the real issues while they helped themselves to "the spoils." This was, however, a free country and no one could really hurt them or deprive them of their lights if they stood together and only sought that which was just and .equitable. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr.Wheatley and to the ladies who had assisted in connection with the Harvest Tea. We understand that the proceeds of the tea and lecture were very satisfactory and that a general and generous response is being made to the request for Harvest Thankofferiiigs. 