7 THE IRREPRESSIBLES, <:n i-.ti BT DORA HOME. .V- Ov/.U-M Age 11 years, y Castlcsteeds, Burrown, New Soptli Wiiles. Dear Barbara, — . J --- Frank and I are going for a little trip, and I want you to come over and look after the children. They won't ho any trouble, and the change will be very liloe, though rather dull, considering that no one jri Basic ever conies out to the house; in suet, there are no properly respectable people there. 1 won't trouble about you coining, because I'm sure you will, and I'm in a tearing hurry, as Winnie' is skipping ubout in my best dress. I lour allec. s.stcr, JOAN. Glenorcliy, 24th December. Tills was the letter I received a day after Christmas. My brother-iu-iaw had a fine station (which was really a siiiuil estate), with a grand old country house on it. After a great deal of meditation I decided to go. I imagined pretty, quiet, sednte little tilings with golden curls nnd large, tuuoceut blue eyes. The hoy — well he was 1G. I left him out In my fond dreams. Winnie and Kate were about 10 now, and Gladys was 0. I arrived at the house next day nt suiiBet. I paused at tlie sittingroom door and looked lu. The four children were in there, their father and mother having evidently gone. They wore laughing and talking, until sud denly I heard Winnie say distinctly "money." "Five shillings," replied Cliurllo, stopping In Ills occupation of whistling The Tight Little Island nil out of tunc. "Well," I said, stepping into the room. "Good heavens," screamed Winnie, clasp ing her little brown bauds tragically, "It's Aunt Bnb, and we're not tidied." And they cc-rtalnly were not. Their pinafores were simply black, nnd Winnie's dark face was darker nround tlie mouth with dirt; Gladys j had a smudge across hor fair face, Kate's being disfigured by a similar one. "Well rim awny and tidy yourselves for tea," I said. They did so, and returned somewhat neater and cleaner than before. But at ten I was horrified. They all snoko (or rather shouted) nt the tops of their voices together, and when very excited brandished their kulves and forks la the air. "We're going to sloop lu tlie garret to night," screamed 'Katharine during a lull. "Charlie's promised us each live shllllugB If we do." "Very well, you can," I said, knowlug they would learn by experience. The garret was said to bo haunted. So at 8.30 they u out gaily up, hilt before half au hour hail elapsed wild shrieks were heard, and Winnie came rushing Into the dlnlngrooui declaring a ghost was in the garret. Charlie laughed till he fairly gasped for breath, but sobered down Instantly ou learning that Gladys wns sleeping peacefully iviili tlie "gliost by her bedside," as Winnie de clared. Next morning I discovered Gladys quarrel ling with Cliarllo about tlie five shillings, the latter refusing to deliver tbem Into Gladys's greedy grasp. Directly I appeared 1 was appealed to by the four of them. "Certainly, Glndys must have the money," I replied, gravely. At tlilB Charlie slipped quietly through the window, and bis sisters followed In hot pur suit. "Pummel him! Pummel him! The wretch, the false traitor! The Take cave, lie'll try to get away." I hurried out, leaving tlie cat to pull my half net, which was on the sofa, to pieces, and snw Charlie' lying full length ou tiie ground with his three sisters on him, punch ing lilm mercilessly. I wns about, to rash to the scene of notion when Charlie made n spring Into the nlr, nnd after watching the sisters going, one east, another south, nnd another north, ho went west to the "shrub bery," as It was called, though I did not see bow It got Its name, as It wnB composed of trees so thick and close that it formed n gloomy nnd dreary place of about half an acre In extent. A little while after Kate and Winnie dis. appeared. Filled with suspicion I followed, and he- held jay nieces scramble through the dense mass of trees and tall tnngled grass In the shrubbery. "Where are you going?" I cried, follow- lag tliein. "Oh, only for a walk, nuutle," 'returned Winnie innocently. I watched my uleeos climb the fence at . i the end of the orchard nnd go boldly up to a mare with a foal. "You're going too near that foal," I cried. No notice was .taken of this save that Win nie elevated lier turn-up nose n little higher, and pressed forward more eagerly. She weut-up and pulled the foal's tall. X saw the mare kick out, I tried to move but I could not. Everything grew dark -nround me, nud I lost consciousness. When I cauic to myself I was lying on the ground drenched to the skin, Gladys standing near, lu the net of throwing a bucket of muddy water over me (how many she lind already emptied X did not know). Kate aud Win nie were looking on, the latter bad a huge lump on her forehead, the former was shout ing "Brandy, Brandy," hut was not attempt ing to get any. X managed to rise. "After all." I said, staggering as I spoke, "X think I'd have preferred brandy to water." Before I could look round tbe children had vanished. After a great deal of trouble I mannged to get to the side of a pond, aud beheld the three "Irrepressibles," as I called them, on the other side. They were con structing something, evidently Intended for n boat, with a bit of calico for. a sail. Presently Kate got up, lit a match and her pinafore, gave a piercing shriek, threw down the match,- "and' then' stood still aud set up n series of deafening screams, .while Winnie nnd Gladys danced about shouting "Fire! Fire!" I rushed round to them, and taking Kate by the arm, led her forcibly to the pond and put her in and then turned awny, leaving her in the water n a sitting posture, crying most dismally. At dinner I was amazed us I watched them cut huge slices of bread (fully an Inch thick) and pile uielon jnui ou them. Wlunfc slid through the open -window, aud her sisters, after studying my face closely, nf tor her. I heard Kate say. in an audible undertone, which was probable in- teuded for a whisper, "Isn't she horrid. Winnie?" "What are they doing?" I asked of Char, lie, who wns shaking with stilled laughter. "Go and see," returned he. There was quiet for a time and then— "There's somebody eomiug," he said. True enough, a disreputable 6UlIcy, with three ladles in It, had stopped at the doer. Mary Ann, the parlor maid, came in snlg- goring, and handed me three cards, on which was written— Mrs. St. Clare. Mrs. Stanhope. Mrs. Home, at the mirror, and saw with Jot I was neat nnd tidy, though my long white tHi/gown may not have been very suitahle- , considering the hour of the dav. "TChq nre they, Mary?" I asked, In a wuisperjy "Tliey be ladies from Bcale. The dark One" be Mrs. St. Clare; the mlddlhi' one Mrs. Ome, and the fair one Mrs. Stan'ope," re plied Mary. Boalo was a village four miles away. The occupants of tbe 6ulky were shown Into the drnwingroom, whither I followed. Tlioy were very lively visitors, aud never let the conversation flag n moment, talking cf cricket, tennis, good and bad seasons, the condltluu of the stock, &c.;, &c.;, using such terrible slang that I was not at ail shocked at the ravages they made on the bread aud butter at afternoon tea. I was really not sorry when they rose to go, ond matched them walk dowii the verandah. As they did so Mrs. St. Glare- made this un fortunate remark to Mrs. Stanhope, "I say Glad- — ; oh, I mean, Mrs. Stan " "Winnie," I shrieked; "oh! Winnie! Win nie! Your mother's host dresses." (To be Continued.) 