THE SPECIALIST AND HIS PAY. The great Giffen question— that is to say, the question of whether or not Mr. Glft'eu should be paid tbe remuneration he de- mauds for playing as a member of the Aus tralian team in the approuchi'ng "tost" cricket matches — has provoked a great deal of discussion, and some argument that might better have been left unargued. Of the latter, a specimen is given in tbe quo tation from n Melbourne writer which we published n few days ago. This authority calculates that, according to tbe terms Mr. GlfL'eu proposed to the promoters of tbe matches, lie would draw £23S for liftceu weeks, and that therefore tbe engagement of 12 players to represent Australia would mean, on similar terms all round, a cash payment of £2S5li. Arguing in that way, it might also be contended that tbe player who is paid over £200 for less tbau four mouths' work is necessarily paid over £1100 a year. Tbe lawyer who receives £50 per day for appearing In some great lawsuit must earn £10,000 a your. And tbe special ist physician who collects a fee of two guineas for live minutes' consultation should have an Income of twenty-four guiueas per hour all the year round, and therefore reach nt an early date a stage in which he will be rich "beyond tbe dreams of avarice." But in fact no such calculation can reason ably bo made in connection with either tbe cricketer or tbe "professional man." Tbe one must make bay, if at all, during a very short sunshine; tbe other has bad debts and unoccupied time to off-set against tbe super ficial calculation of Ills earnings. From lliu cricketer to the lawyer, tbe doctor, tbe novelist, aud the dramatist may seem at tlrst sight a far cry. In reality, however, there is this in common between them, that all are specialists, for whose several peculiar bents of exceptional capability the public pays, and pays hand somely. Tbe extra-cricket professionals that have been named seem to be, iudeed, tbe public servants who are best paid, ex cept that here aud there some notable min ing manager or expert can claim to be in receipt of bis £20,000 per annum, and an Edison, almost anticipating the priceless achievements of such a practical scientist us the hero of Mr. Frank Stockton's latest novel, can virtually name bis salary, and lie certain of getting it. There has recently been published a statement of authors' prices which should be au eye-opeuer to those who picture tbe novelist aud tbe poet as starving in Grub-street, or being com manded by all powerful critics to go back to tliolr gallipots. Tennyson, notoriously, with Victor Hugo, a hard nut for publishers to crack, received about £0000 for "Tbe Holy Grail," and is said tb have been iu receipt or £10,000 a year from the Mae- mlllans during tbe last few years of bis life. Yet another "poet," essentially of tbe minor kind, Mr. Moody, of hymning fame, has been paid at least £250,000 in royalties. Christina ltosettl left -Cfti.OOO, Browning nearly £17,000. Mrs. Houry Wood, whose "East Lyuue" was for so many years only Issued in a dear edition, aud whose stories with ghosts In them had u tremendous vogue, saved £30,000. Dickens left £100,- 000, having earned £10,000 by "David G'op- perlield," and £24,000 with "Our Mutual Friend." Scott got for "Waverley," tbe au thorship of which be so loug denied, £700, but for bis "Life of Napoleon" he was paid £18,000, and be is computed to have earned by writing no less than £375,000. Trollope left £75,000. and Lytton fSO.OOO, as the re sult of their novel-writings; Louisa Alcott Is said to have received £20,000 for tbe "Little Women" series; and Victor Hugo left property lu England alone to the value of £92,000. More modern writers earn even more than this, perhaps. Kipling, the best paid of them, is said to have refused pay ment for tbe poems be recently contributed to "Tbe Times," but be was paid £150 each for bis "Barrack-room Bullnds," aud only a year or two ago refused a New York offer of a thousand dollars for a thousand words desoriptive of British liability to attack — which shows bis value as a. writer, because Kipling is no authority on military or naval questions. Du Maurfcr was.pald £10,000 for "Tbe Martian." Couau r%le about tbe same for "Rodney Stone," Stevenson's exe cutors £3000 l'or "Weir of Herraistou," aud tbe report goes that Alphouse Daudet made uo less than £-10,00!) out of "Sappho." His tory and criticism and "style" also have their great golden rewards, for though I'a- ter only left £2.700, Rusklu is receiving about £4000 a year, aud Kinglake. one of tbe monumental historians of tbe century, bad £10,700 to leave when be died. Other "specialists" who have achieved great earnings from the public are those connected with tbe theatrical business. Iu Edmund Keau's time at Drury Lane Thea tre £32,042 12s Gd was taken in OS nights. Macklin, "Tbe Jew that Shakespeare drew," earned thousands for bis Shylock and bis Sir I'ertinax Mnesycopbant, Sheridan's "Pizarro," one of tbe weakest of tragedies, brought iu £5000 per week for live weeks in London. MUre recently great fortunes have been made out of "Charley's Aunt " and "'The Sign of the Cross;" Sardou has received £02.000 for the right to stage only four of his dramas in the United States; Mr. Henry Arthur Jones has been paid £8000 for rights over "Tbe Masqueraders" In tbe Great Republic; Mr. Sydney Grundy has made £17,000 out of tbe performances by one company of "Sowing tbe Wind;" Miss Marie -Lloyd, a music-hall singer, has netted £1100 out of one benefit iu South A'frica; music-ball performers iu this eouu- nil > \ utriru JJUIU ouiuiiatj » IIUXUUJ& uo utsu as £120 a week a-piece: and iu New York one "turn" done for Messrs. Weber and Fields was authentically reported to cost not less than £40 per night. All sueli ex amples as this are perhaps iu the end dis couraging. "The Martian," at £.10,000, krr Instance, is terribly dear by comparison with what was paid for what was done by Galileo, Harvey, Fulton, Arkwrigbt, and a hundred other great discoverers, eac-b of whom were great; specialists whom the world failed to appreciate. From any of them to a cricketer seems a long drop. And yet the cricketer must be essentially a pub- lie servant, for tbe record attendance ob tained here for a recent cricket -match pro bably represents as many paying patrons as are required to ensure the success of a book or a play iu the city. Tbe great cricketer, too, is essentially a person of great natural talent, otherwise be could uot rise so far and so conspicuously above the hundreds of bis competitors. Tbe only difference between hiui aud his book- writ- | ing competitors lor puune recognition is that he alone bus to undergo physical exer cise. Therefore it may be contended to seem hard that the one person of special gifts that require special dexterity of limb und eye should be contemptuously styled "a professional," while others earn much more money and have much greater social repute simply because their talents Involve tliom in more sedentary occupations. 