CUBA AS IT IS. fBv Fiofx G. Pieiuu. in the Forum.\ Spanish domination in Cuba, or the attempt at domination, will be a perpetual source of annoyance, of irritation, and of danger to the United States. Of danger, in so far as it may, at any time, give rise to international compli cations of a nature which it is not possible to foresee. At the present day, and in present #*irr-nmofn.nr-p-5 t\\\nra ia i^nt f.lin uli.rlit-m;*- m-n. bability — whatever some subsidised newspapers of the Old World may say — that any Euro pean nation would lend its support to Spain ; and the most serious consequences of a deter mined anil effective policy on the part of the United States, in order finally to dispose of the Cuban difficulty, would be the semblance, or perhaps the reality, of a war with Spain, cither of which would be a matter of small importance. Yet conditions may change in the course of years; tlu-y might change at a critical moment ; and what now does not appear even as .t possibility might then become an accomplished fact. Would it not be prudent and wise, therefore, to improve the present favorable opportunity, and decide once and for ever a ijiiostion which, like Banquo's ghost, will not and never will down until it is properly and legitimately settled '! It is idle to expect that Spain will be able to suppress the present revolution. It is yet more idlo to hope that any comproiuise can be effected between the Spanish (-o- vernment and the Cubans. There was a period in Cuban history— a long one, indeed — when a compromise was possible, and the Cubans exerted thrmselvcB to the utmost in order to roach it : but that neriod is r-:ist and gone, never to return. Now thero are only two issues— incussnnt war or independence. But let us suppose, against all probability, that Spain will be able to crush the revolution. Does anyone think that it can be accomplished in a short time? Spanish official announce ments of a speedy termination of the war are nothing but empty Castilian bombast. What do the facts tell us? Even granting that hence forth everything should go against the Cubans and in favor of Spain, years will elapse before the former will be exhausted and the struggle will come to an end. The rebellion of 1SU8 continued for 10 years. The Cubans then never had more than 10,000 men under arms less than one-fourth of what they havo at present. They had no permanent sources of revenue, and when the funds which were col lected at the beginning of the war had been expended they were left without pecuniary means wherewith to supply themselves with arras and ammunition. Now they have the regular contributions of the thousands of their countrymen living in foreign countries, who faithfully pay their monthly quota into the treasury of the clubs to which they belong, to be by these latter paid into the treasury of the Cuban Delegation in New York. The amount is not largo, but ib has paid for 90 per cent, of the thousands of rifles and millions of cart ridges sent to Cuba since the beginning of the revolution. Diiring the previous war the Cubans neg lected to provide themselves with cattle and to raise vegetables for the supply of the army. This time one of their first measures was to drive all the cattle into the mountains — where they can be cared for and are beyond the reach of the enemy — and to establish various zones of agriculture, in which some 3,000 men are' engaged in farming. They have thus assured their supply of arms and ammunition and their supply of food. During the rebellion of 1808-78 the war was confined almost entirely to the provinces of Santiago and Puerto Principe ; no property was destroyed in those of Santa Clara, Matan/.as, Havana, and Pinar del Rio, and agriculture suffered no interruption in them ; and Spain was able to force from the island a revenue larger than i:i time of peace. Then the rebellion had its origin in the upper classes, the lower ones scarcely realising its meaning ; and slavery was a preat obstacle in various ways. Now the uprising proceeded from the common people, and the upper classes joined them when they became convinced of the universality and strength of the movement. If the Cubans by any chance are driven from the provinces of Pinar del Rio, Havana, Matanzas, and tho western part of Santa Clara, they have the means to withstand the power of Spain for many years in tho provinces of Santiago, Puerto Principe and the eastern part of Santa Clara — a territory which represents more than iiv« eighths of the area of the island, and from which they can continue to raid the other pro vinces and to prevent tho in-gathering of tho crops. To set fire to the largest cane field nothing more is necossary than a match, half a pint of kerosine, and a live snako; and the latter harmless creatures— for none of the Cuban species is poisonous— abound through out the island. Indeed I have no doubt that the Cubans can hold out in those provinces long enough entirely to exhaust the power of Sgain. But should they tonally desist it would be merely a suspension of hostilities until the next generation grows up. Should they be exterminated — as Spain wills and threatens, but is powerless to effect— she must keep the island wholly unpeopled, for there are no worse rebels against her rule than the im mediate offspring of the Spaniards. So long as Spain has a foothold on the island Cuba will be a running soro in the side of the United States. The only way to heal it is by complete cauterisation ; which, in the case under con sideration, means the utter separation of Spain from the country. This alone will relieve the United States from any further care and annoy ance—care and annoyance which it would be unjust (o clinrtre to the Cubans, for it is not their fault. They are human beings ; they arc crushed by oppression and galled by tyranny ; and they rise in self-defence. Xot they, but those who goad them to rebellion should be blatn-d But if, from a political point of view, it is to the interest of tue United States that Spain should withdraw from Cuba, from an economic standpoint it is still more so. There art sonic 00,000,000 dollars (some esti mate the amount at 70,000,000 dollars) of American capital now in jeopardy in Cuba. Of it some 30,0(JO,000 dollars are invested in sugar estates, some 20,000,000 dollars in mort gages on various kinds of property, and the balance represents debts duo by Cuban planters and merchants to bankers, mer chants, and manufacturers of the United States, tio long as the war continues that mass of capital will remain entirely unpro ductive; while if it is much prolonged it may be utterly lost. We have already seen that previous to the war tho taxes were so heavy that the country was unable to bear them. Will they be lighter after peace, is restored ? In tho first place, Spain never abolishes a tax. To do so is against her traditional policy ; her history proves it. In tho second place, two items alone of the future permanent expen diture will amount to a larger sum than i that of the whole budget before the re- 1 bellion. The item for interest on the debt which Spain had imposed upon the island was then 12,000,000 dollars: j and as the debt has already doubled, and 1 before the war ends will be more than doubled, the interest on it will rise to at least 25,000,000 dollars per annum. Before ! the rebellion the cost of the army and I navy was 7,000,000 dollars ; but; aa ' Spain will be compelled to keep in the island a much larger army, the future cost will be at least 10,000,000 dollarB. Add to these two items the others of the budget, which I shall loave as before, and a grand total is reached of 42,000,000 dollars, or 16,000,000 dollars more than the amount of taxes collected in 1894, and 12,000,000 dollars more than tho sum ex pended. That Spain will force that revenue from the island so long as there is anything to extract it from, no one who knows Spain entertains the least doubt ; and such a pro ceeding will result in the confiscation of what ever capital remains in Cuba. Such will be the fate of American property under Spanish rule. Under the republic, on the other hand, as there is no public debt — for the so-called Cuban bonds are an obligation incurred by Spain, and Cuba is in no way responsible for it — there will be no interest to pay ; and a budget of some 7,000,000 dollars or 8,000,000 dollars will fully provide for all the current ordinary wants of the Government and for purposes of- national interest, which, though always neglected by Spain, are necessary for tho material development of the country. Again, the commerce of the United States with the island, which sometimes has risen to about 100,000,000 dollars a year, will be ex posed to perpetual fluctuations and losses so long as Spain is allowed to remain in Cuba. During the last two years it has dwindled down to almost nothing; and it will suffer a greater reduction if the war continues. Under the republic, the perturbing causes having disappeared, it will flow on uninter ruptedly, and will reach a magnitude never yet attained. Cuba will not then have to go to Spain annually for 30,000,000 dollars or 35,000,000 dollars of merchandise, which she can obtain much cheaper in the United States, and which sho had to order from the Penin sula because the Customs tariff favored the Spanish producer to the extent of 250 to 2,000 per cent. Indeed, I shall be very much mistaken if, within a few years after Cuba becomes independent, her commerce, with the United States does not rise to twice the figure it reached before the war. Admikal Dewet. Admiral Dowey, who commanded the American fleet which recently demolished the Spanish warships lit Manila, has been pre sented with a sword by the American Houses of Congress in recognition of his splendid achievement. 