THE GHOST O? TIE MOUNTAINS. CHAPTER XXX.---THE RETURN. When Lieutenants Seaford and Emory and Surgeon Powell had read this strange warning found by Cody, the former said: 'Well; Cody, what do you' think of it?" "I have had reason to feel perfect confidence in my weird friend, lieu tenant." "Then you think it just as he has said?" "Yes, sir." "And you, Powell?" "You remember the fight with the In dians some time ago, after which Cody went on his trail?" "Yes." "That band was reconnoitring." "Well?" "We met a band the night before last." "'We certainly did." "They, too, were reconnoitring as they would never have been away from their village at this season of the year." "Then you agree with Cody that the Indians intend mischief?" "I certainly do, Seaford, .and the sooner the fort is ready for them and the settlements and mining-camps warned the better, for all are utterly unsuspect ing any trouble now that cold weather has set in." "You have something to say, Emory;" and Lieutenant Seaford turned to his brother officer. "I would say, Seaford, that this weird guide served Cody once, and all of us last night, and he now warns us of danger, so heed it; for it would devas tate this country and cripple our post terribly to be caught unawares by a large force of redskins just now. We have missed the outlaws, but then we have given an Indian band a severe drubbing, and this warning is worth more than the hanging of a hundred MIidnighters just now; while I notice a P.S. here which you doubtless have not seen;" and Lieutenant Emory read, under a fold of paper : "Return for another time to pounce down upon the outlaws, for you. will find them here later on." The paper, passed from one to the other of the party, was read in silence; and after a few more comments, Lieu tenant Seaford said : "Emory, please give the order that we will start on the home trail in an hour's time. The men had hoped for a day of rest under shelter, but there was no grum bling when the order was given, and as there was every indication that the out laws, fearing the return of Cody, had left the place for good, all were in the saddle ready for the march at the ap pointed time. The storm had not wholly obliterated their trall. and reaching the barrier it was seen that there were the tracks of a single horse 'going off in another direc tion., ,"That ghost leaves a trail;" said Cody, pointing to the tracks, for they were fresh, and evidently left by* the weird guide when he returned to put the warning upon the door. As they went along, Cody saw how easy it was for his to have gone astray in the storm at the point where he did ; for there were two tracks of lowland branching off together, and he had taken the one to the left, as there was a large snowdrift -in the other one. Officers and men all saw this also and commented upon it. Riding at as brisk a. pace as they could, the snow in places was so deep they could not hope to reach the. little, camp much before night; but the sun had come out bright, and there was every indication that a thaw would fol low very quickly in a day ,or two when the weather moderated, as the icy storm was weeks in advance of the season, and in fact heavy snowstorms were seldom known in that part of the COnntry. It was nearly sunset when the tired remnant rode into the camp. They were warmly greeted, for one of the scouts had gone off that day to re connoltre, and had seen at a distance a large band of Indians, evidently retre:at ing to the mountains for shelter from the storm. Surgeon Powell at once looked after ihe wounded, and announced that they were a-ble to travel, and it was decided to retire early and make a start with the first peep of dawn. This they did, the little band leaving the camp that had served them so well at the first peep of day. Cody set a good, steady pace, and as he reached the nedn camp ordered half a dozen of his scouts to be ready to strike out, when they resumed their march, upon separate trails; for Lieutenant Sea ford had decided to send warnings to the mining-camps, the settlements, and along the line of the-stage trails, as they would thus be put upon their guard a day sooner from that point than they could possibly be should he await to reach the post. CHAPTER XXXI.-THE WARNING HEEDED. ColonelFerris sat in his warm quarters with his adjutant, Captain Guy Noland, and his niece, Ethel Willis, watching the terrific storm that was raging with out. I"i was wrong to let them venture, but who would have thought such a blizzard would have ~ ept up so long this early in the winter?" said the colo nel, anxiously. "I have such faith in Cody. sir. that I feel they will come through all right," Captain Nolan remarked. "Then he has with him Surgeon Powell, uncle, and he is a host in him self; while both Seaford and Emory are good officers, and the whole com mand are picked men," remarked Ethel Willis, a beautiful girl of eighteen, the belle of the post, who had won the heart of every man, woman, and child in the garrison. "I admit all that you say. Ethel, as to the scout, officers, and men ; but they have Nature to subdue in fighting this storm, and the contest is too unequal, for we have had three days of it now." "See, uncle, the snow has ceased, the wind is losing its strength, and there is a: break of sunshine in the clouds," cried Ethel. The colonel and Captain Nolan sprang to the window where she stood, and saw that it was as the young lady had said. "The storm is certainly over, and it has doubtless ended with them in the mountains sooner than here. Yes, and we shall have a clear sunset," the colo lel said. The sun did set in a clear sky, and the next day it was a beautiful one, and the snow began to melt. The colonel and Ethel had just risen from dinner - for she was his housekeeper, having been left to his care When she was an orphan child, and had been the joy of his bache lor life ever since--when Captain Noland came in hastily, and said : "Pardon me, colonel, but Scout Erad ford has just come on from the command which he left twenty miles from here at noon, and has this note from Seaford for you." The colonel eagerly took the letter and read aloud: "We pushed on to Cody's Camp and found there a band of about two hundred Indians, and gave them battle-will re port fully upon return-and next night were guided to outlaw camp in storm by Cody's Ghost Guide, who left us a warning that the Indians would attack the fort and settlements as soon as the thaw came. rWe have reason to feel that the information is correct, and in sending this information to you I also despatch scouts along the stage-line to the settlements and mining-camps to give warning, as from here they can get the news far quicker than from the post "We expect to be in about nightfall, and I would urge, sir, that the Ghost. Guide's warning be regarded with full confidence. Cody just reports that our bands of Indians sheltering in the moun tains from the storm." "Good for Seaford!" exclaimed the co lonel when he had finished reading the) lieutenant's letter. "It is now three o'clock, and they will be here by six doubtless. They went to the outlaws' retreat, then, and had a brush with the red-skins. It is hard to believe that this thost Guide can be right about the In dians; but I will heed the ?arning, and all must be prepared at once to resist at 'tack, Noland, while couriers must be sent to the camps, settlements, and along the stage-lines in case Seaford's men fail to get through. Send Scout Brad -ford here, and I wall talk with him, for we must learn more of the expedition.". .The scout came in, looking haggard and hard worked. He was a fine-look ing fellow, and in a few words told his story of the expedition, and added, in his frank way : "Them red-skins is going to hit us, co lonel, and hit us hard; and without the warning we got of their coming, they would have swep; us clean off the earth." The colonel and his adjutant waited to hear no more, but visited every part of the post, put the officers and men oni their mettle, strengthened weak places, and left noth ing. undone to give the ret-skins a sur prise, where they expected to have all their own way by-strtking a blow with a large force when they were supposed to be harmless and gone into winter quar ters. It was just nightfall when the com mand marched in, andthey were looked upon as heroes every one of them, if only for facing the fury of such a storm. Without delay the two officers, Sur geon Powell and Cody, went to head quarters and had a long talk with Colonel Ferris, the chief of scouts re marking: "I am glad, colonel, that the warning was heeded so promptly, for from what I saw I am sure that the foot-hills are sheltering large bands of Indians waiting for a swoop upon the post, camps, and settlements, sir." (To be continued.) The slot machine in Paris is male to foretell your fate in the next world. On the coin being put in the slot, a figure nmoves either up or down, Indicating the ultimate destiny of. the enquirer in either case. If you do not relish'the prediction, you can put in more coins until the movement coincides ?with your own ideas. 