HOW SPIRIT PHOTOGRAPHS ARE PRODUCED. Dr. Andrew Wilson writes in the "Illustrated London News": — "Tlie discoveries of Dr. W. J. Russell announced in his Bakcrian lecturo de livered before the Royal Society are likely to ex cite a high degree of scientific Interest. Tho ex- periments he described on the action excrteu oy certain metals and othor bodies on photographic plates, bid fair to equal iu importance the dis covery of the famous N-rays thomselves. For Dr. Russell has shown that on photographic plates, and in the absence of light-waves, pic tures or Impressions of certain objects may be taken. Tho investigations havo been made in tho laboratory of the Royal Institution, a 'locale' associated with the famous names of Faraday, Tyndall, Dewar, and others. It appears that if polished zinc be laid on a photographic plate In the dark, its image will he reproduced on tho plato, even to tho extent of showing forth any scratches its surface may present. It is also stated that like results may be accomplished through screeus of various kinds interposed between the plate and the objects. Not metals alono aro thus capable of being reproduced on sensitised plates, for it seems a section of the stem of a larch-trco gives a very perfect impression of its structure and of the rings which mark its growth. "Tho physical side of those experiments is, of course, a matter which the futuro will alone bo able to develop and explain; but it is evident that our ideas of the nature and action of light waves must undergo considerable modification as tho result of investigations of tho kind Dr. Russell has undertaken. There is another phase of the matter, also, which should not escape the notice of tho intelligent reader. Time after time In this column I have ridiculed the pretensions of tho spiritualistic and thought-reading fraternity 'ct hoc genua omnc,' suggesting that where or dinary and clever conjuring cannot explain the supposed mystical phenomena, purely physical processes, of the nature of which we are yet ignorant, may. Spirit-photgraphs, for Instance, form part of the stock-in-trade of certain of these modern miracle-mongers, and everybody knows the allegations made regarding tho pro duction of these impressions. A blurred imago on a non-exposed photographic plato is alleged to be the reproduction of a spirit-image, produced on the plate, presumably, by its own dim cfful- Kcnce. But Dr. Russell's lnvpstiiratlnns snrrrrnsfr that such impressions mny well be tho result of ordinary physical processes, and that the so-called spirit-images are really Instances of reproduc tions of ordinary things with which tho plate has been In contact. If oven tho type on a news paper can be photocraphed In the dark. It would ho easy to substitute for the typo a drawing of a ghost or of a deceased person, and thus to obtain a modern marvel. I do not suggest the spiritualists have been scientific enough to anti cipate Dr. Russell; but I do say that chance re productions, of tho nature of spoiled plates, may have masqueraded as mysterious photographs of tho kind submitted as 'spiritual.' " 