By Author of "Kestrel tif Gteystonbi" "Muriel's Marriage," "A Mine ,of ' Wealfch/' When' oh She still Jjelitiwd — .. Caused by'hho, and \vlrat jnade";heiv a^w1 si-'ill greatcFwas the realisation .of her-own powerlessiuSfes,:: "But slie' •would ■■ not be conquered.-^ She would still, be. biave and not give up the fight, though/the lose of her hundred pounds wasa'cruiSiingblow. She could not help susiiecting' thiit she" had been robbed. Aunt Deborah otight toj know the kind of people w^hoSsuri'ouhdedri her. She would try and ward''her neSt | time that she was allowed, to see ber, " Joy j had. never accustomed herself to luxury, but this bare room felt miserably cold, and the damp mist. entered through the grating. She found' that slie must walk up ana down^ to keep herkelf frcm beiffg c.iilled "to the'bone. Would Sir Ivor allow her to be released? She remembered bis words, spoken so nobly, and offering her so much, but how could she believe them so long as he allowed her to be shut up in th is dreadful place? llis presence bad, how ever, brought with it a feeling of support. She had never met a man of suc-h perfect strength and manliness; but what evil things did fhis outward strength and beauty hide? - She would- not be touched by his words. He had bought her for a hundred pounds, and until that-degrading debt was7 paid there could be nothing but war between them. After what seemed to her a long, long time, she heard a footstep' in the passage, and the door was slowly and de'iberately opened. Joy stood still and gazed at the opening until at last Keziah made her ap pearance. She looked Hushed and much disturbed. She held a paper in hei hand, and spoke -in a mysterious tone. "Miss Lydeard, you'd best sign this paper now—leastways, sign it down to where you said you would. It's best for you and loi^ everybody, and then j ou c-an go home. You see Sir Ivor's gone, sa now we can do as we please. It's cold here; you'd best sign instead of staying-another night." "I must say. something; mv father will question me. As to signing, that's use less; my word is as good as anything signed," she said, scornfully. "Say the old ladv detained you." Joy 6hook her head. "Lawks! you are particular. Say you wis detained. Ain't that true? Sir Ivor had better tell you himself what you had better say." Joy considered a moment .She was really anxious to get home, and, besides, noth ing is much more terrible to a young, proud spirit than to be imprisoned. "I shall say that I. was detained, and that I may not say mole." she answered at last. ' 'Oh, that'll do. Besides, things'll turn out as you don't expect." "1 want my money, lveziah. When you brought me here you must have seen it." "Your money! It's more likely money you're been l-obbing the ohl lady of. I don't know nothing of it; and the sooner you leave off singing that tune the better." "When I next see Aunt Deborah 1 shall tell her everything, and also" Keziah's face looked furious. * You won't tell her anything. She's taken a turn for the worse. She's very cranky—very cranky." "I can go, I suppose," said Joy, not noticing Keziah's last speech. ' "As if I wanted to keep you. It's been enough trouble as it is." "'It's very dark, you must lend me a lantern, and if you do not find that, money, Keziah, I. Oh, you don't know why I want it. It is not for myself, but to pay a debt—a pressing debt." "There's a pack of beggars conies here now the old lady is so near living. They all have some good story. It'll be a. good thing when she's gone. I'm not going to her. be tier servant liiuc-h longer, I can tell her. Lantern ? You can have this one that is hanging up. Mind von don't say more , than you said. 1 wouldn't be in your shoes if you do." Five minutes after Jo.y hurriedly walked down the steps with her lantern in her hand. Iter one desire was to get away fuin this house of captivity. If Norman dyke was a doomed house, the Moat House seemed to be its twin brother. Joy felt a cold shiver run through her as she hastened up the drive. When she reached the swing-gate she paused. Should she go by the road or by the river path? This last was much the quickest, it was late, but the road would be better walking. The rain had ceased, and she thought that of the two the 'river-path would be the least frequented. She wanted to get ' ac-k to her father without the chance of meeting Sir Ivor again. Her father would ■have missed her perhaps, and surely he would have been anxious? She had promised to take care of him, and she must explain to Inn that her absence had not been her own fault. He would, of course, think it strange. She soon decided to take the nearest way lionie, so she turned into the field-path, and, regardless of the mud, she bravely trudged on. How glad she was to . be free—what was there worth exchanging for freedom? The lantern threw a wienl- light around ^ her, and though she was not in the least superstitious, she could not help thinking of'some of the ghost st ories Cattie had re peated to her; for the common people about C'atliii believed implicitly in the supernatural. For instance, slie had told her that Ben believed in the Barguest. for he had seen ltiui, and who needed better proof? He had confided to Cattie this storv, and Cattie had repeated it to Joy," laugh ing all tlie while. Ben declared that as he was going, down the lane by the stream—the same stream which Joy was going to cross—he had heard "sumuiat" come past him, brush, brash, brash, with its chains rattling all the while, but he had seen nothing. -Then he stood still and looked about him, -and noticed only a big stone, the counterpart of the Hangman near the caves. Then again he had heard the brush, "brush, brash, and tlie chains rattling, so he said, "This num. he the Barguest;" Then he turned to cross the stream, for a Barguest cannot leap over water; He crossed the plank, but still heard the brush, brush, and the chains just the same. Then he thought, that he must see this thing, and lie went up the hank, and suddenly the moon shone out bright, and by her light he Saw the Barguest's tail. After that be went home, but when he reached his cottage there was something lying against his door. , It would not get up, and' it looked like, a ] big woolly sheep; so he to.ok a stick and he 1 whacked and wliaeked, and said, "Get up!" and then the thing turned his head and looked at hiin—eyes that were as big as ■saucers and glowed like fire at liim. They were made of rings; first a red ring, then ia ifluSSmg; y. -r-„-. 1 yellowring,;an£then adoLvAfter a while he -wracked again, and j^d,. "Get up and stir thyself." And: J^im-JiM-srife bpehed : the door,afid^er;Bargu£8i. went away without any warning. . riHGattSe had; made her laugh over Ben's litory of if such a'thing': existed, sheihertaml^^^St toygpe it now. ;45tie aonldj&^be fngfijflSfed tion; she .'wan muchfSabre flfijiid JJieee evil%eople -slib^^inedlsnly^^Jdhug; jtolJiiut hoiy.:- jg?W j iyf'iAt tha£mbiuent Jw':-heai^^jh^.«!^ihd;hi j jwriBg.s It was certa&jy; notfihe Bargi^t, hut 'Bomethnig far^^i-seJifhaaK^erspig wcolly sheep. "" v~ "r- ?'-: s-!f - Tbe-stream was flooding,'for Hie'recent | rain ;had s\volien~*"ifc,i-aiid now ihe'jgebtle j stream of the day -before was raging and .foaming down its course. Joy hurried on. Was .the plank safe? Could she cross? i She felifthat she could not return all that long waj% end-deployed, too late, having chosen' this. path. When she reached the bridge, she saw to her dismay that itwas half covered with wr ier, and even that now and again the ar-gry spray dashed over it, as if; it .were;, madly eager to destroy the frail planlcs.. She held up lira? lantern so that it lit up the bridge, and upon the noisy foaming j waters she could just see that the plank was passable, and that the rail was still in its place. At present it was possible to cress. She must not hesitate another mo- . ment. If she went back now, it would j delay her for an liom; besides,- she was ; longing to get home. She held , the lantern in one hand, and seized the rail with the other; Her foot slipped on-first coming in contact with the | slippery wood; then die recovered herself, and grasped* the rail more "tightly. Then she took another step safely*, and her heart ,beat ieeS fast. Another step, and yet. another. She was sure now that she could cress the stream. The lantern swung back ward and forward, causing its light to dance on the tngry water. It was but a short distance, and she walked on very slowly and very cautiously. Then, sud denly, she was startled by hearing a shout; then a black figure ran towards her, and a man s voice cried out: "Stop, stop! Wait!"' The blood rushed to her cheeks. It was til' Ivor's voice; she dreaded him far more than the flood, and she boldly advanced another step forward. Then she felt the whole fabric tremble; a plank gave way; she, half fell, but clung heroically to the rail; then a great wave of water dashed over the bridge and over the rail, and an awful crash ensued, during which Joy realised that she was falling into the river, and that the water was all about her, whilst she instinctively called out for help. Between the time of her cry and the moment when she was seized by strong arms were short. She was conscious that she was lifted out of the water as if she were a feather, and in two minutes Ivor had waded to the bank, and gently set her en her feet. The lantern was, curiously enough, still alight, but was to be seen like a wandering spark bobbing down the watery way. "Sly lantern," she exclaimed, knowing that she would not find her way home without it. "I'll fetch It," said Ivor, in a \low, i strangely-altered voice. "No—it is gone. J.l's impossible. Are you hurt? You must be drenched, and the water is cold." Joy was astonished at the change in his voice. It was like a bell, out of which the true ling had died out, because of an un seen flaw in the metal. "1 am very wet, that's all. I must go home; it is late. You—you at last allowed them to release me," she said, retreating a step from him, "I have told you, Miss Lydeard. that I had nothing to do with it. If I could have revenged the insult, I would." - "Oh, they did nve no bodily harm," she said, proudly. "I would rather be im prisoned than gambled at." Ivor was silent, and for the first time Joy felt that she was treating the man who had just saved her from possible drowning ungenerously. In spite of all lier haid words to him, he, at all events, had not retaliated. He did not notice the re mark, but he merely answered:— "I had sent Cattie to meet you, but when 1 was on my way to—to Norman dyke, it struck me. that you might take this way. After rain no native ever comes here. The footbridge is destroyed, nearly ; every winter. Those wretches should have told_you." "They said that, as you were gone, they glit release me, she said slowly. Did you believe them?' I don't know who to believe in this place. I seem to be surrounded by—by enemies." 'Yes, it must, seem so to you." He said this calmly; and all the life ap pealed to have gone out of him. "Let me go on, Sir Ivor: 1 daresay I can find my way in the dark,'' she said. "No, you cannot. Take my arm. You would fall again into one.of these pitfalls." For one instant Joy felt that nothing should induce her to take his arm. "I'll walk by your side then," she said, coldly, "if I must." | They walked on in silence for a few yards, then Joy stumbled into the ditch. She realized then that she might perhaps sprain her foot, and this might necessitate •Sir Ivor carrying her, so trying to make it I appear as if the action were quite unpreme ditated, her hand crept into his arm. fc'ir Ivor took no notice except that he walked more slowly. Joy was angry with him, ,, , g^e y , and after a time suddenly she burst forth herself. "Why have I been subjected to all this? I can't understand it-. It is a stupid mys tery. I am sure i»oor Aunt Deborah ought not to lie left alone with Kesaah. She is a bad, false woman. I wonder that you de mean yourself to use her and Nichols as your tools." liow strangely quiet he was! She c-ould hardly recognise in this gentle, silent man the boisieious squire of her first acquain tance. "I will pay a visit to Goodenough to morrow. I'll tell hiin to go and see about Miss" Deborah. Do you know that- Cattie has been very unhappy about your ab sence? She blamed me for not finding you j —just as you blame me for not releasing j 5°"i suppose that she thought you knew,1 said Joy, scornfully. ] "She was mistaken.. As if I would let. you | suffer one moment if—if I could help it." j "Oh! but you don't care about my ■ suffering," cried Joy, for once letting her secret anxiety appear on the surface. " We are settled near to you, and my father will continually go up to Normandyke, and you him to play. I had hoped that, will entice him i- . „ coming into a lonely, country place?, all his temptations would be gone, and that we should live quietly." "You shall as far as I am concerned," said Ivor, In a. low voice. I'll swear, Miss Lydeard, that 111 not touch another of those cursed cards again." "You say that," said Joy, "but you don't mean it." "You never believe me," lie answered, ; rather reproachfully; but lie was certainly . f'y<m:on?y15«ay sp<«ecajiBer^becau8&-rrf-", JojppAieedi SlieJid nofclike to say, "<mljr because you tbink ; to please me.". , w "Because 1- .mean ;it7. My'.mother bated eards afiTOueb aa you^do." ,.,w"--7~ :--777 "Did,she?"-6aid. Joy. .inore'softly.. There was Something which touched bier ui spite of | herself >in tim; big, strong' fellow's; men- •• tioii of his mother. Be wait on. as if it' did him good to speak of the,past! . - ; s '"She told me nfever jto touch them; but I was a tiny cliap .then, and I didn't really; understand." ':-'L • ' ■ There was ai long pause; both: were walk ing quickly, doy's hand was placed, very, lightly on his arm, but once she stumbled, and then by instinct she grasped his arm firihly. Ivor felt a thrill of pleasure, the only gleam of joy be had had this evening. When they came in sight of Oatlin, Joy paused. "Don't let us go there, I want to get home. I am not fit to enter a house." ^ •'But I must leave a message for Cattie. You've made' her you're' slave. I dare say she'll not be well-received by Keziah-lVill you mind waiting a moment?" She stood still, and a strange feeling that something was taking place came over her. —something which was not ordinary. An hour ago she had'hated Ivor. She hated him still, but there was a difference in her hatred. He was- so strong and also so gentle to-night. Could it be true that he had had nothing to do -with all this busi ness? But how could it be true? When he came back, she slipped her hand again into his arm, without thinking of it, and they walked on. "Mrs. Leeltey knows you're safe. She says she knew all the time that it was nothing. She's a. good soul. She'll tell Cattie when she comes back." "Thank you. I want to reassure my father, lie has no one but me to—to de pend 011." "He's not poor," said Ivor, not as if he were making a compliment, but out of the depth of a sad heart. .Toy wondered still more what was the; matter. At last they reached the Flatls. and walked up the garden path. "Thank you," said Joy, "I am home at last. It seems years since ." The? once again the recollection of why she had returned to the Moat House swept ovei her. "Sir Ivor, now let me tell you once more that—fate, everything is against mo 1 have lost the money, but you shall be paid—the—debt. I'll find some way, and, besides, Aunt Deb's money may be reco vered." Ivor was not quick at finding an answer; besides, tins hundred pounds was nothing to him. He deeply regretted the whole transaction; but how could Joy be made to understand the change that had come ovei him? She had a latchkey, and opened the. door. "Good-night," he said, hurrying away; then, suddenly coming back, he added, "1 hope you have not caught cold." Joy laughed her low, soft laugh, without the scorn in it this time. "No: 1 never catch cold. Good-night." Sir Ivor strode away towards Nonnan djke, towards, his lost inheritance. I11 spite of a firm conviction that Nichol's story was true, lie kept saying:—_ "It's a lie. The place is mine. My father always said so, and she was coming there to be its queen. It's a lie—a lie! Joy trod softly, and went into the dwell ing room. The tire had burnt low; then she visited the kitchen. There all was silence. Next she lighted a candle and walked quietly upstairs, pausing before her father's door. 8he distinctly heard his re gular breathing. He was fast asleep. He had not sat up to watch for her. When Joy, having undressed, knelt down to say her prayers, she paused at the words, "Our Father." Was the edrthly father a type- of the heavenly one? If so, . No, she would not think so. Up above in the place which children call heaven, her mother was watching her, and saying— "Don't forsake liiln, Joy. I never, did." Then Joy finished the prayer, "As we forgive those that trespass against us." 