THEATRICAL SLANG. PHRASES THAT ARE IN CONSTANT USE BY THE CHILDREN OF THE FOOTLIGHTS. Few callings exploit as much slang aa that of the actor. He has a slang word for every phase of his business. The perform ance, to begin with, is the ' show,' which, when eood, is *' out of eight ; ' when bad, is ' snide,' though the words '* screamer' and ' goosey ' are sometimes used as alter* natives with the first-named expressions. The stage manager is commonly ' Daddy,' and a professional actor is ** ono of tbe profesb.' A person who appeare on the stage on special occasions, and in very Buoomiuau; |xuvt is o gu^ci, vuvu di«u further contracted into 'supe.' An article seed on theetajj' by the actors is a 'prop- erty,' while tbe leader of the orchestra is always the 'Professor,' and the place where he and the musicians sit is often known as the 'menagerie.' When the salaries have been paid the actors tell each other that the 'ghost walks,' while actors who' give performances in balls and such places as can be obtained are dis respectfully known as 'barnstormers.' A place where only one performance is given is a ' one-night Btand,' and to 'play to good business ' is to succeed financially in a theatrical venture. By the ' house ' is meant the audience, and to ' paper the house ' is to send out a lage number of ' complimentaries,' or tickets for which no money has beeu paid. By a ' run ' is meant the number of performances given at one ** stand,' or theatre, while a ' star ' is understood io mean the leading actor ofa play; a ' walking gentleman ' is an actor who speaks little, a ** eerio-comic ' is an actor whose work is indicated by his name. An actor 'sticks' when he forgets th« words assigned to him and ' kicks ' when be raise? an objection to an order or request. In stage parlance 'business' is any by-play, either preconcerted or impromptu, per formed by an actor in order to fill an interval while some one else is speaking, to farther the course of the plot, or simply to cause amnrement among the audience. Tbe stage is the ' boards ' and the gallery the i i'hom«-rftb.god*^_ - 