DAYS OF DANGER. [copyright.] TMMng narratives of (be Bosbranging Times. Oman's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LAC1E. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART 1. IN May, 1840, a surveying party em ployed by the Vim Diemau's Land Government in tbe north-west part of the i aland met with a strange experience in the neighbourhood of Mount Valen tine, a huge peak adjacent to the world famous Mount Biachou, wnicn dossis tne richest tin mine in the univene. The party were under the guidance of an ex perienced leader named Evan Edwards. A* the name implies, Edwards waa Welsb tu the backbone aud spinal marrow, though hit oollege training in London had amootlied away the roughness of hi* accent, wbich ia hit youth wit ragged as hia native hill*. The .practical lift he led did not, however, mollify the deeply tooted vein of supentition which ran through hit nature, and he waa prone to ?ee signs and porteata where really no cause to introduce the aupernatural was apparent. He had four men with him, named John Wet Ion, Edward Jones, Michael Keenan, and Joseph Walsh. Tbey were hardy young fellowa who loved the rough life which their occupation entailed, and managed to judiciously combine business with pleasure. The wild crags and dark glens wliich had been familiar tn Evan Edwards in hia youth paled into nothing nesa before tile a tern majeaty of nature in Ihe localities which the party were endeavouring lo explore. They were in the great hollow formed by Mount Valentine, Bidel'a Bluff, and Cradle Mountain, with the great rangea running tike ipirea to conncot them. From the first mount righttotheaouthern ocean at Arthur Bay, a distance of fifty milea, a vaat range extended to the west with long spars jutting out at intervals to the north and approaching Bass Straits. North aud south of the main range rivera of more er leas magnitude ran. The moil important were Arthur, Hellyer, Bmu, Cane, 'Detention, Black Duck, and Montague riven. To the aouth of Mount Valentine a perfect network of rangoa bewildeied the observer. Cradle Moun tain fmmed a magnificent background to the wild scene aa it rose with its vener able crown of snow. In the Waratiab Ranges other rivers, auch aa the Pieman, Donaldson, Coldstream, and Huskiaon, took their souroe, ao that the whole of the north- west eorner of the ialand was splendidly pratered. The rugged hills and towering cliffs which everywhere met the eye, inteicepted with narrow 1 and profound glens, to say nothing of the - dense vegetation, made, however, settle ment rather a difficult matter. It was a region for the miner rather than for the farmer. The first ahock which came upon the men was in a deep ravine near the southern base of Mount Valentino. Every step had literally 'to be fought with the axe. It was rare, indeed, that an open space waa found over whioh the chain snuld be ran. The track had to be mad« with hard and unremitting labour, and in doing this the men had at times narrow escapes from the reptiles which infested »he district. The dense under growth of oreepinp plants which entwined with the shrubs and trees often necessi tated a week's work to cover a quarter of a mile of country. The rough axemen saw nothing in the locality but the sylvan barriors, yet a botanist or a geologist — and indeed to a lesser extent the zoologist — would have revelled in the profusion of animated and inanimate nature which was scattered around. It waB little wonder that the members of the survey party considered they were the first white men who had ever pene trated the region. Indayagoueby, before Ihe 'black battue' took place, the aboriginal might have roamed at large, though probably not in numbers, as they would prefer the more open and equally fertile central districts. On the morning of the 3rd May, 1846, Keenan was leading man in cutting tho narrow track through a deep and pecu liarly wild glen whicli ran ai the southern base of the mount. The bauri vine in places almost Bhut out the light of day, but that dreaded horizontal creeper did not prove such an obstacle to progress as tho ordinary upright scrub, as the clmin could be carried along underneath the former, though it was really surveying in twilight. Keenan had just reached a more than usually obstinate spot near the foot of a gigantic tree which towered far above its fellows, and was silently blaspheming the luxuriance of nature, when a sheet of bnrk waa exposed by the last vicious tug he gave at some severed undergrowth. It is certainly not an unusual circum stance to meet with Bheets of bark in a locality where it abounds, hut this particular sheet of ntrinpy-bark had a peculiar fascination for the Irackmaker. Resting the axe on the ground, he leaned oil the handle and contemplated it for some seconds with a puzzled look on his face. The reason for this was noon obvious. Tilts broad piece waB about seven feet long and two feet six inrhea broad, and it was cut at both ends as by an axo or hatchet. The chops 011 it wero quito plain, though judging by its appearance, the bark had lain at the Bpnt for two or three yonro. In places it had been torn away as though by wild aniinalB, and tliuro was something so uncanny about the whole thing that the Irishman did not caro to touch it until he had the company of one of hia mates. He was about lo call out for Weston, whom ho knew was close behind, when on turning he saw the loader himself coining up. ' What's the matter, Mike?' he asked as he noticed the perturbed look on tho face of the man. ' 1 don'i know, sir. There's something hero 1 can't -|iiita msko out. It looks as if Koine white inen Imd been here afore us. Look at that piece of bark. It's been cut with an axe,' said Keenan. Evan Ed wards took a rjuick glance at the object indicated, and then burst into a loud laugh. ' Did it never occur to you, Mike, that the hlacktellows are able to use toma hawks and axes, and that moat, of them carry ihose useful articlea? Don't you ?ee the blacks hnvo done this ?' ? Well, I nevor thought about thai afore. Of courae I see lino*,' answered Keenan, joining in the laugh. 'I'll move it, at any rate, and see if ould Nick himself be hid under it. Perhaps wo may find a gold mine about.' As ha spoke tie lifted the axe and tried to shove the heavy sheet of bark off the apot on which it lay, but it did not yield ao naaily to hia efforts. ? Don't efttoh it like that, Mike. There may be a few snakna under it,' cried Ed xarda, a*: Keenan dropped the axe and was abont^to lift it with hia hands. Having ahealthyfear of beir.g taken unaware by one of the reptilea which the Irishman abhorred,* he stopped, and lifting a atiok, the chief of the survey party gave him a hand to remove the aheet of stringy- baric. It yielded, ao to apeak, reluolantly, as though it weie human and like a person in the witness-box feared to give up an important seoret. At last it broke auddenly away and alid down about a foot on the steep incline where it was lying. Both- men sprung bsek as if indeed half a dozen hissing serpents were about to spring at them, for there was a mystery revealed by tbe act. A silent grinning skull, unspeakably griin mid portentous in anoh a place, looked up — or, at least to the men, appeared to gaee at them from the eyeless sockets. The skull — ao much of it aa was uncovered — seemed perfeot enough, but only a por tion of the akeleton waa aa yet laid bare. For nearly a minute both men . looked at each other alternately with s glance at the skeleton, but neither apoke, and aa they were thua mute, Junes and Weston made their advent on the »trange acene and quickly saw what had fascinated their comrade*. ' It is the skeleton of an aboriginal, I suppose,' remarked Jones. ' No, it's nothing of the sort, so far aa I can aee. We must take off tbe bark altogether and make a thorough examin ation. Aborlginala don't wear boots and white men's clothes ; and can't you aee a boot-toe sticking out at the end there I Lift off the bark so that we may get a proper view,' answered Edwarda. Now that the first shock of tbe dis covery was over and there were four men present, the instructions of the chief were quickly parried out, and the ghastly relies laid bare. There were merely the bones, and with one or two exceptions they were all present, a somewhat re- \ markable fact when it ia conaiderid that j numerous wombats were in the locality, ' and being omnivorous, they are of course not particular what kind of food tbey eat. A pair of well* worn boots still encased j the feet-bones, or rather contained them, for moat of the bones had become dis united. A rough skin cap, presumably an oppoasum akin, was beside the skull, and sundry fragments of clothing showed thst in all human probability the reliee were those of a white man. Poking about the debria with a atick, Edwarda atruck something hard, which gave forth a metallic sound, and it waa quickly uncovered. It proved to be a amall tin case about five inches long, four inches wide, with an aperture not more' than one inch acroaa. It had the lid and all complete, and did not aeem to be much the worse for wear. * What on earth can be in thia ?' spoke the leader aa he picked it up gingerly and looked upon the article with ardent curiosily, a feeling which waa quite shared by his companions. Edwards shook the box, but it did not give forth any sound which might indi cate its contents, and from its lightness be concluded that if it was not empty it only contained papers, and he expreaBed that view to those around him. ' Only papers,' replied Weston. ' They may prove most important and lead to a solution of the mystery, for such it must be. I suppose the body is only that of some poor devil of a convict who ran away in the terrible days of Macquarie Harbour and perished here,' he added. 'Then he must have lived a long timo after his escape. The Macquarie station has been closed for a quarter of a oen: tury, and thiB skeleton has not lain here for more than three years I should judge,' returned Jones. * Well, he might bave lived for years and years in the bush. There is nothing impossible about it, I suppose,' replied Weston. * His boots and clothing would not have lasted long in this distriot, anyhow. If he had pillaged any of the settlers the authorities would have hoard about it, and all the country-side would have been on the qui vire. Oh, no ; the Macquarie theory won't do, Jack. We must have something better,' answered Jones. ' 1 am of your opinion also, Ted. Tliia body could not have lain here more than three or four years. The bark was com paratively good, and the remains are fairly well preserved. In such a moist district time soon tells on anything perishable,' added Edwards, who was busy with his knife trying to take off tbe well- fitting lid of the box which had been partly rusted. It was with no little trouble that the top of the mysterious tin -box was re moved, and eager expectation rested on the faces of the men as they peered forward to see what it contained. On the top waB a layer of wool quite dry, and this led to the conclusion that ihe con tents were valuable. With some anxiety Edwarde removed this and saw that the box was filled with the same material, but out of it peeped a small piece of silvered edging. Turning the box up, the leader was enabled to get hold of tliia, and he pulled forth — not a valuable deed or document — but simply a photo graph on glass. It waB a simple daguerreotype, but the likeneBB waB clear and well preserved. It waa that of a man apparently about forty years of age, but with remarkable face and head. The latter waB almost completely bald, whilst the face had an expression that onceseen could not easily bo forgotten. It was dimeter in the ex treme, and the forbidding countenance was heightened by a scar which ran in a diagonal direction right across the fore head. A small nem i-cirolo of beard ran from under each ear round the chin — or rather underneath it — whilst the rest of the face was clean-shavon. There was no name 01 anything to indicate whose likeness it was, save the photograph itself. That could not be mistaken by anyone who knew the original. ' Poor devil,' aaid Edwards, glancing down at tho hideoua outline of bones. ' He has left enough to identify the body by ar nil events. Vou see, Weston, he could not have been an outlaw, or at least a convict, and carry an article like that about. The authorities would take good care of that, you may depend. Have any of you an idea of the original ?' he concluded as he pssBed the photo, round. Ono after another of the men examined it, but tliey all emphatically answered the queaiiou in the negative. Walsh was at the camp doing cook's duty, and when he saw it later on he waa of the aame opinion as the roBt. ' If I once saw a man like that I should not forget him in a hurry. That scar would be enough to identify him. No, it is a perfect stranger to me,' he added, handing back the photo. None of the men had the leaat doubt that the photo, was that of the body beaide whioh it was found. That aeemed too apparent to* need argument. Tbe careful way in which the photo, had been kept went far to oonfirm thesupposition. It wa* highly improbable that one man wonld so cherish the memory of another aa togo to such trouble in keeping his likeness, and so the survey party came to ;he conclusion which any other five intelligent men would arrive at. After a further exhaustive search, and nothing more being found, the next question was what to do with the re mains t It was easily answered. They must be buried. ' We couldn't have a better landmark than this monster hore if the police ever require the bones,' said the chief, glancing up at the gigantic stringy-bark tree which uprose besidB them. ' There isn't a bigger fellow for ten milea around, and as it is right on ourtrencbant-peg to tbe north, we oan easily find it again. We'll dig a.grave just off the track there and put the bones to rest. ? Get your spades, lads, aud let us make a start.' Weston went back and returned with a piok and a couple of apades, and dig ging operations began. * I'll peel off a couple of sheeta of bark. We can put one under and the other above the bones ao aa to keep (hem together if they are ever wanted,' said Edwards. He went round the huge tree to get a suitable part to atrip, when hecame upon the identical apot where 1 he large aheet found on top of the skeleton waa taken from, and calling hia comrades, they examined it. The whole of the party were good bushmen, and they soon ar rived at the conclusion that not more than three years had elapsed since the tree was denuded of part of its covering. That at leaat waa something proved, though as Weston aaid, the body might have lain at the spot for months or even yesra before the bark wa* thrown over it. 'This man may have been dead for years when some wandering blacks dropped serosa it and so placed the bark. If white men had done it we would probably have heard of the Via corery, brn you may depend that Euro peana had nothing to do with the affair. In the first place they wonld bave found tbe tin-box, and aeeondly they would have buried the oorpse somehow. If the bones are those of a while man, a* I fully believe them to be, then they have never before he seen by a white person. A stray black haa put the bark there,' Weaton nrgned. Hia comrades did not think it worth while to dispute the assertion, though they did nut at all believe the theory. Vet in a manner they were almost forced to the same conclusion, for if a whito man had so kindly endenvoured 10 give sepulture to the corpse, why was the matter never reported totheauthoritiesf There were two answers to this. Either the good Ssmaritan had himself subse quently perished in the trackless wilds, or he was interested in not giving auch information. The latter, of course, insinuated that murder had been com mitted, though if that were the case it waa difficult to understand why con sideration should be shown to the corpse when only violence waa offered it in life. In a settled district a murderer haB reasons for trying to hide the visible evidences of his guilt, but not ao in that far distant jungle of the north-west aa it waa in 1846. The first theory waa the more probable. There had been a party of two or more explorers, and death had overtaken them for their hardihood in venturing into auch a desolate region without a proper base of operations such as a government survey party main tained. It was very likely, indeed, that the expedition, if such it waa, had not been properly equipped, as the fact that no report of two or more men having dis appeared had ever reached the authori ties so far as Edwards or his men were aware. That would indicate a poor and badly arranged party, for if they had not friendB or relatives on the island who would be interested in their fate, they must be indeed friendless. These and a score of other thoughts floated through the minds of the men as they arranged the bones for burial. At the suggestion of Jones, the boots snd every fragment of clothing which could be found were secured in order that they might assist, if need be, lo identification. The skull was nlso carefully examined to ascertain if there were any signs of violence, but it was perfectly sound and intact. When all was completed, one of the sheets of bsrk cut off by Edwards was laid in tho bottom of the grave, and piece by piecc the bones were arranged in as perfect shape as possible. It was a gruesome tBsk, especially under tho cir cumstances and amidst such surround ings, but the men were not unused to rough and weird scenes, and in half an hour all that remained to show that anything unusual had occurred at the apot was a small mound of freshly-turned earth at the fool of the giant tree. ' Well, lads, we can do no more. Let ub make a mark on this tree, giving the date on which the bones were found, and who by. It is not impossible that death may overtake the whole of ua in this region before we have a chance to give information of our find, and then UBefnl news might be loBt to the authorities,' spoke Ihe leader. ' God forbid that wo should have to go* under in such a place as thiB. 1 don't suppose it matters much to a man where he dies — when he in dead — but while alive I shall do my best to keep so, especially until I g.-t. back to civilisation. This isn't even a fit place for a bandicoot to die in,' returned Jones with a laugh. In tho meantime Ruonan, who was a fine axeman, had blaized a portion of tho troe, and began cutting the day and date, and underneath the name of Evan Edwards and his party. It was done in tho usual survey style, and that accom plished, the work of track- cutting was resumed. The Irishman was somewhat afraid of the dead, though no living man could frighten him, and many a time during the day he caal glances towards tbe foresl giant where the unknown lay in his eternal sleep at its base. To He CoNTiNi'F.n. 