At Work. ? : i It would be premature to discuss the recommendations foreshadowed by the Aggression Committee, inasmuch as the proposals likely to be made to Confer ence are as yet in a nebulous form. It is, however, encouraging to know that the committee has seriously undertaken the work deputed to it by the Confer ence, and that earnest consideration is being given to t&e; condition and needs of metropolitan Methodism. Already J.1 ? ? 2.1. ? 1 ? ? - 'T ? ? j i me uiuiutur uas ureaneu a aeep interest; throughout New South Wales, and several valuable articles on the question have been published in this journal. There is a consensus of opinion that Methodism is not doing all the work in Sydney it ought to do, and that if our church is to retain its usefulness and prestige in the colony, something more must be undertaken in the metropolis, and on a greater scale. The question on which opinion is divided is what is that something, and how is it to be done ? And this is the question the Committee on Methodist Aggression is endeavouring to solve. It is undoubtedly a matter of supreme importance, and our Church throughout New South Wales should earnestly pray that its great Head will give inspiration and practical results to the labours of the Committee. In dealing with ° this momentous question, however, the Committee and the Conference will do well to bear in mind one or two things which bear upon this discussion. First of all, we shall do well to ask ourselves whether we have not in some measure contributed to the present condition of affairs. Two factors are essential to the life and growth of the Christian Church, and they lie at the foundation of the problem the Methodist Church is now endeavouring to solve. The first is the possession of a high-toned personal religion. There can be no true and extensive operation of the Divine Spirit in and through the Church if, as a whole, it is in a spiritually low state. And the question to be faced is, Are we spiritually fit instruments for the Holy Ghost to use in the evangeli zation of the people ? Or, have we been directly or indirectly damaged by a too sympathetic contact with prevail ing worldliness ? If this were so, it would be of little use to devise new methods. We want a renewed conse cration. We must seek first ' the kingdom of God and His righteousness.' But another essential condition of success is an unshaken faith in the Divine power of the message the Church has to deliver. And it is worth our while to consider whether we have not too often dishonoured God by appraising methods of operation higher than the Divine power of the living, allconquer ing Word of God. When, on account of its lowered vitality, the Church has lost ground in its conflict with evil, it has sometimes resorted to methods which, it imagined, adapted it to cope with what it regarded as the unprecedented conditions of the times. But it never succeeded until the JDivine breath again vitalized it, and Divine love and power restored it, not to an ecclesiastical machine, but to a living spiritual force. And we shall do well to consider whether this is in any degree the cause of our present trouble. Keeping in mind, therefore, these two important factors, the question of Methodist aggression resolves itself into a consideration of the principles and processes that underlie Christian evan gelization. And we trust that the Aggression Committee will plainly and emohaticallv re-affirm the nrincioles. while, with an open mind, it discusses the processes. The time in which we live undoubtedly needs a re-assertion of the Church's faith in the great verities of the Christian religion. And Metho dism, as well as the other branches of the Church of God, would gain by such re assertion. For, if we believe that man in his unregenerate state is a depraved and lost creature, we ought to go on saying so. If we believe that the Gospel — the message 'of redemption through the person and work of Jesus Christ, ' is the power of God working unto salvation,' and if we helieve that the convincing, converting, sanctifying power of the Holy Ghost is brought into operation in answer to believing prayer, then it is our duty as a Church to re-affirm our faith, and to keep our thoughts firmly fixed on this basis of doctrine as the foundation and formative force in all our efforts to evangelize mankind whether in crowded cities or sparsely populated places. If Methodism loses this, or forgets to emphasize it, she has no message of value to mankind. But, whilst the Gospel never changes, the processes by which its power is brought into contact with men may need to be revised. While we cling with loyal tenacity to methods under which, in the past, God has blessed our Church, we must, in like loyalty to our oft-expressed belief that the Church is a living organism, be prepared to admit the necessity for new methods in adaptation to the variable conditions of human life. And it is on this question that the Aggression Committee needs to keep an open mind. We naturally and rightly cling to our circuit system because we have found it helpful in carrying on our Church work ; but we have no right to assume that we halve reached perfection of method, nor, assuming that our present system is in the main as near perfection as possible, are we to suppose that there are no exceptional circumstances to meet which it might be advantageously set aside. The great question under dis cussion is the salvation of the masses of this great city, and we must be pre pared to adopt whatever methods experience or Providential leading guides us to as likely to help to the achieve k ment of that end. The great annual Conven The C.Ei tion is to begin in Sydney Convention, on Tuesday next, and is to continue to Sunday the 11th instant. ? We htfve received a pro gramme from the press secretary of the Society. It is a beautifully printed and elaborate programme of the various meetings to be held and reflects great credit on those - who prepared it. All who take an interest in this great movement should secure a copy of the programme from the Society's office, 264 Pitt-street. This year it is being sold at the small sum of one penny, but it coutains a complete account of all the various meetings to be held, and a great deal of other valuable information. We trust that Methodists will rally in large numbers at this great gathering, and that the Divine blessing may rest upon it from beginning to end. Our English contempo The British raries abound with reports Conference, of the proceedings in con nection with the early sessions of the Conference in Hull. The election of the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes to the Presidency was regarded as a foregone conclusion ; and the announcement of the result of the ballot was the signal for an unprecedented demonstration of enthusiastic approval on the nart of the vouneer section of the Conference. Mr. Hughes received 369 votes, the Rev. F. W. Macdonald coming next with 83, and the Rev. T. Allen polling 31. The new President's inaugural address was a lengthy and spirited deliverance. According to the Recorder, the most impressive portions of the address were the reference to his father, and his argument on Protestant ism, and his appeal to the Conference for a year without controversy — a year devoted to the deepening of religious life and the revival of the work of God. For some moments during this appeal there was a silence that might be felt. Mr. Hughes is the Editor of the Metho dist Times , but it is authortatively stated in f.Vio.f no.nor f.hn.f. rinrincr hia Trafl.r rvf office, nothing is to be regarded as emanating from the President that does not bear his signature duly attached. In another note we refer to the mode in which Mr. Hughes intends to apply himself to his public work during the year. Once again an attempt is Legalised being made to give legis Gambling. lative sanction to the use of the Totalizator upon our race-course. This is but another illustration of the An ti- Christian spirit that is so frequently showing itself in our Colonial Halls of Legislature. The Christian people of New South Wales need to be thoroughly alive just now, or ere long we shall see our public-houses opened on the Sunday and this latest attempt to legalise vice will find a place upon our Statute books. The clear duty of the State in this matter is to relegate the professional gambler to the precincts of the Police Court. We note that it is proposed to appropriate a certain portion of the income from the totalizator to the charitable institutions of the colony. Fancy the C.M.M Sisters' Home, for example, being aided by the proceeds of the gambler's nefarious traffic 1 As one of our contemporaries justly says, ' he would as soon tax the earnings of a prostitute to support the State or the charities, as the 0 earnings of either a book-maker or totalizator.' We should think so. 