RELIGION AND PATRIOT ISM. A TIMELY AND TELLING ADDRESS. WORDS YOUNG AUSTRALIANS SHOULD REMEMBER. THE DUTIES OF A PATRIOTIC CITIZEN. PRESENT - DAY ENEMIES OF CHRIS TIANITY. INFIDELITY, INDIFFERENTISM, AN ARCHY, AND LIBERTINISM. The Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney, at the laying of the corner-stone of the nevy school-church at Annandale on Sunday last, delivered a powerful address. That afternoon (said his Eminence) was not pre cisely intended for speechmaking (laughter), but for very practical work. To enter upon a speech just then, while every day the press presented them ?with an exhuberance of political eloquence, was, what should he say ?— well, like crrrying water to the ocean or coals to Newcastle. (Laughter.) As he had referred to politics, perhaps he would be allowed to say that, amidst all the storms and floods of oratory, and while the deadly strife was stiil raging (a laugh), it was at all events a cheering thing that in that hallowed enclosure all political parties could meet in harmony. (Hear, hear.) In fact, he was quite sure that Father Rohan would welcome all patriots and all aspirants to Parliamentary honours if they came there to join in aiding the noble cause of reli gion and Christian education. (Great Applause.) Inscribed on the banner of Holy Church were the words Religion and Patriotism. Need he say that the noblest sentiments should be awakened in heart and mind by those sweet words? (Applause) As a motto what could be more inspiring, what more exalting? Religion illumines our minds, purifies our hearts, and liftts up our souls in love and homage to the Creator. Patriotism teaches us love of country ; it tells us to cultivate all that is brave and noble, and to trample on whatever is craven and corrupt. (Great Applause.) In true patriot ism self-interest, selfish ambition, haveno^place. To be truly patriotic is to co-operate with our whole hearts in guarding our rights, and in promoting whatever advances the interests of our country. (Applause.) The voice of the Church had ever upheld genuine patriotism. To-day Religion and Patriotism are watchwords of the children of Holy Church. (Applause.) It was so nearly 2000 years ago, and so it had been all through the march of centuries to our own times. Every century, so to speak, had its series of conflicts and combats, and the Church was ever found facing and repelling every enemy that assailed Religion or genuine Patriotism. (Prolonged applause.) Looking back over the history of the past 2000 years, do we not see how every 'weapon which the wicked ingenuity or violent passions of men could invent was directed against the Church — against the resolute guardian and the unflinching champion of Religion and Patriotism? Tracing the course of history, it would seem that the Church was always on the battlefield. Conflict followed conflict, each one seeming to grow stronger in fierceness. Yet, in the ways of God, in every instance the conflict was to Holy Church but an earnest of Divine help ; each aBSault was but as a prelude to victory and triumph. (Great applause.) To-day new enemies have arisen to assail the Church. The enemies of Christianity to-day are infidelity and indifference to religion. The Church alone is the barrier to the progress of these enemies. Very many sects have come into existence of late. What are they but hot-beds of infidelity and indifferentisra ? Only the other day a distinguished writer did not hesitate to say that modern infidelity was the ghost of Pro testantism ; the ghost seated on the ashes of the Protestantism established 1300 years ago. To-day the forces of anarchy and libertinism were joined with those of infidelity and indifierentism. And what are anarchy and libertinism but a mockery of liberty ; their very breath poisons the atmosphere of true liberty (applause), and without true liberty, without the spirit of true liberty, patriotism must die. (Renewed applause.) It might be asked how was it that the Church was never vanquished ? The secret was that the life of the Church was not human, but Divine ; her mission came not from man but from the Divine Redeemer. Ever ancient, ever new, Holy Church witnesses the rise, the growth, and the decay of all the institutions devised by human wisdom, and which depend for permanence on human power. Holy Church survives as the work of God. Just as the sun from age to age continues to give its light and its warmth, no matter bow great the changes on earth, so Holy Church through^ century into century continues to shed the spiritual radiance of Divine truth, and to spread around the bless ings of happinesss and life- giving warmth which come from Heaven. (Applause.) It is the spiritual light and warmth that quicken our souls and bring forth in our minds from seeds of true enlightenment the flowers of Heavenly grace and beauty. He ha'l spoken of the triumphs of the Church. It might be asked by what means and by what les sons did Holy Church, through her children, achieve those triumphs ? The lessons taught were loyalty to God, loyalty to Conscience, loyalty to family, loyalty to country. (Prolonged applause.) Loyalty to God meant loving Him with their whole hearts, serving Him with their whole minds, with their whole souls. Loyalty to Conscience ! In the heart of each one the Creator had placed a silent monitor — silent to all but oneself. To follow the teachings of this monitor — the voice of Conscience — was to follow an unerring guide, a light that would ever lead their steps aright. Need he (the Cardinal) tell them what was meant by loyalty to family ? It was to devote oneself in all affection and solicitude to those who were placed in your keeping — to set them good example, to watch over their spiritual and temporal interests — to faithfully fulfil all the duties which your state in life imposes upon you. And what should he say of loyalty to country ? As he had already said, callous selfish ness, unworthy ambition, and indifference to the welfare of one's country must be put under foot if : the spirit of patriotism is to have an abiding-place in heart and mind. (Hear, hear.) That man was truly patriotic who, loving his country, accounted it an honour to serve her, however great the sacrifice which the occasion might demand ; the man whose ideals were enlightenment, peace, goodwill, and contentment, founded on Christian faith and Chris tian conduct ; who placed his country's good above his personal advancement, who cultivated kindly ; relations with his neighbour, who lent his aid to make the lot of the poor lees hard, and whose sympathies turned to the amelioration of the condi tion of the struggling, the unfortunate, the afflicted, and the suffering — who in fine was guided by Conscience in the discharge of all his obligations to Religion, to his country, to his fellow men, and to the whole community. (Applause.) These were the lessons which the Church had taught for well nigh 2000 years, and if we trace everything that is ennobling mankind to day, all that is best and purest, all that lends dignity and adornment to the social world, we may easily find the source. That source is the Church of Christ — the Holy Catholic Church. (Great applause.) All that was best in the past, Holy Church has handed on to us as our heritage; all the knowledge she had preserved, all the history she had guarded, all the literature she had inspired, all the arts and sciences she had cultivated and fostered and endowed for 2000 years, are ours to-day. We have all theRe treasures, and with them the priceless heritage of our faith. The earthly treasures of Holy Church were not stored up in idleness and uselessness, No, they were lavishly bestowed upon the world, and with them, in fulfilment of her Divine mission, every form of spiritual grace and blessing. (Ap plause.) 