Echoes and Episodes (BY SCAPIN.) " As on this whirligig of time We circle with the seasons." Do we ever fully appreciate the -celerity, the assiduity, and the in- describable perfection of the work done for us-by our matchless civil service ? In some.departments its achievements are so stupendous that their contemplation inspires one with a veneration amounting to awe. Here is a case in point. On Saturday last, February 6, 1898, was distributed Part IV. of the Statistical. Register for 1896. It contained every item of information which . the newspapers contrived to give their readers in the first few days of January, 1897, such as the imports. and exports for 1896, the amount of Customs revenue collected, the totals of inward and outward ship- ping, and other matters of the kind. Now, to give this informa- tion officially to the public within thirteen months after private in- vestigation, by the simple pro- cess of collecting, reproducing, and totalling the returns obtainable at the end of each month, had made it common to all the world, is a most creditable and note- worthy exploit, and one which de- serves immediate recognition. * * * A second instance of wonder- fully sharp work occurs to me. In August, 1896, the statistical de- partment managed to complete the Government Year Book for 1894-95. That is more than a year and a half ago, and no sign or announcement has yet given ex- pectation of the appearance of the year Book for 1895-96. Still, when it is remembered that even without the volume we are only thirty-two months behind time, we ought be truly grateful, and no doubt we are. * * * I was not in the least astonished to receive, by favour of the editor, a furious letter from a person who declares himself care- taker of the Fremantle Swimming Baths, in which he shows his ability to be insolent in many various ways. My offence is that I suggested the necessity of a sur prise visit on the part of the Cor- poration, who are, I presume, responsible for the health of the city and the suppression of nuisances. My correspondent de- nounces the idea that men who are crusted thick with soot and filth should scrub themselves clean before they enter a small, crowded and confined swimming bath, and insists that if there were any bathers with eruptions on their bodies he must discover it by the state of the towels. He concludes an attractive epistle of the asser- tion that I and my companion sneaked in between the fence posts, which are about three inches apart! * * * Now, therefore, I beg to reiter- ate my statements formally and specifically thus : 1\. That at 6.15 on the morning of Sunday, February 6th instant, I and a companion, a gentleman well - known and popular in Perth, entered the baths by the only door, having our own towels over our shoulders, and our sixpences in our fingers ready to pay for admission. There was no one there to take money at the counter, no one in the room behind the counter, the door of which was open, and no one but bathers in the baths, boxes, and platforms. We both looked carefully to this with a view to the proper bestowal of the sixpences hereinbefore mentioned. 2\. The bath at this time was ab- solutely full of bathers, every box being in use, and several persons, amongst whom was my companion, undressing on the platform that sur- rounds the outer quadrangle. 3\. That the smell from the enor- mous accumulation of decaying sea- weed in the inner quadrangle and from the foulness stirred up in the outer quadrangle by the crowd was so nauseating that I decided not to enter the water, but the morning being hot, my friend dived in, and swam for some twelve or fifteen minutes, I remaining to watch his clothes. 4\. That during this time three men, each covered with the foul eruption caused by a. horrible dis- order, passed close to me, and dived in from the spring-board, against which I stood. My friend saw them too, and presently left the water, sickened at the sight, for two of them were in a fearful state. At least three others whose faces and bodies were encrusted with soot, smoke, and filth were running about and diving into the water. 5\. Before my companion had finished dressing I was absolutely prostrated with nausea, had to leave the place, and did not recover for an hour or more. 6\. The shilling for our two ad- missions awaits any proper applicant at this office. * * * There! There does not at first sight seem to be much -in common be- tween the late Henry George and the poet Homer,but the posthumons appreciation awarded to politi- cal economist irresistibly^ suggests the lines:- " A score of cities claimed Homer, dead." Thro' which the living Homer begged his bread." Henry George certainly did not have actually to * beg his bread,' but he would have been a richer and a happier man had he received one-half the admiration during his life time that is now bestowed upon him. . * * * I have many personal recollec- tions of Henry George during the time when he conducted the San Francisco Post, a bright and popu- lar little evening paper, in which some of his happiest days were spent and much of his best work was done. He made his paper a power,in the State in spite of the overweening influence of his far weightier rivals, the Chronicle, Call, Alta California, Bulletin, and Examiner. In his constant con- flicts with the stifling officialism of the Golden City, he sometimes came out top, and sometimes other- wise. * * * One of these fights had a funny denottement. A corpse was found in the bay, and the coroner, Mr. Stillmao, decided that an inquest was unnecessary. George, in view of the comparative frequency of assassinations at that particular time,attacked the coroner furiously, and insisted that he had no right to any discretionary power, but should hold a searching inquiry in every case. The coroner took a characteristic revenge. That very day another body was discovered. The coroner ordered an inquest for noon the next day, and at ten in the morning personally served Henry George with a summons to attend as a juryman. George was toiling like a beaver, and was thunderstruck, for the hours be- tween twelve and two are, of all, most precious to the editor of an evening paper. However, he had to go, arrived late on the scene, was fined by the coroner, sued for the fine, and was forced to pay. The incident. was thus en- shrined in jingling verses in a local daily, greatly tb his disgust. BETWEEN You AND ME AND THE ' POST.' The Post's little editor sat in his chair, And scanned his M.S. with a satisfied air. ' Mr. Coroner Stillman,' said he, ' I pro- pose ' My opinion of your goings on to dis- close. 'You'll use your discretion! You'll dare to decide ' If an inquest may rightly be held or denied. 'Don't think it, great Stillman, a greater than you 'Will settle the course that you ought to pursue. 'Though you rule the jury, still I'll roule the roost, ' As you'll see,sir-between you, and me and the Post. ' The coroner saw the attack with sur- prise, 'A d-d good-natured friend brought it under his eyes. 'He read with a frown, but he rose with a smile, 'Gave a wink, put his hat on, said-you bet your pile, ' Though for George's opinion no man cares a cent, ' I''ll soon make that wee little scribbler repent. 4 There's a body on hand; go. and summon me four * Stout and sensible jurymen ; I'll get two more. * We'll quickly find out why he gave up the ghost, 'As you'll see, sir-between you, am me, and the Post. At ten in the morning six hundred ant five Montgomery-street was awake and alive And Editor George, with his usual taste Was writing a leader with scissors am paste; When the coroner's footstep was heard on the stair, And the coroner's accents arose on the air. ' Mr. George, I believe,' with a smile and a bow, And the Editor murmured, I'm in for it now. 'Here's a summons.' Don't fail, for you're worth the whole host ' On a jury '-between you and me and the Post. Mister Stillman politely departed, and left The Editor nearly of reason bereft ; But he sent for a steed, and he called for a drink, And he whispered, ' I look well on horseback, I think ; Clattered off to the inquest, but f bun he was late. Will be sued for the fine that is due to the State, And in future will find it is best to confine His attention to things that belong to his line, ' For in this case he cannot of victory boast,' Says Stillman, ' 'tween you and me and the Post.' 