lie Ipiiil Miff Tpis. -ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) By J. D. HENNESSEY, Authirnf »-Th«j Dis-Honour»Ue,' ' Wyn iumi,' 'An Auslrslinn Hush Trade,' Gunnery of Cliarcli Cnnte.t,' etc. CHAPTER XX. Detective Seymour's Stort. It «ae not until Melbourne was reached, however, and Setb Bosedalu nafely ioflged in the Roal, that the dptedir^'s story wns -old. Seth Rose dale had exhil/it-d an entirely different demeanotU-' after the appearance of ttny- niour. Htr evidently rogretted the admission lie had made to Brucp, and in n-ply to any questions put to him uy \uc \ieiwuuivcs. expresses nitn&eii; Bo personally entirely iguora.it of any thing connected with the events which had transpired at the Towers. 4 We shall have to secure Mrs. Dal berifc,' said Seyniour. ' Y?s,' replied Bruce, ' her evidence see ins absolutely necessary to secure a conviction against Rosrdale ; h& is a clever scoundrel ihat ; I never knew the trail of a crime to b-j more artfully covered over. Let us hear, however, of your adventure down below ? ' ? ft *as my bull's-eye lantern that eaved me down there,' said Seymour. ' How came Dr. Strong to etcapti ? ' asked Bruce. ' I don't know, unless by ft miracle, or the timely interposition of a friend ly baud. But it will be best for me to begin at the beginning, and then ve can form our plans for future action.' ' 1 tuu6t have l-een asleep, when I descended into the underground room,' continued Seymour. ? I had been watching for FOmt-liiing like sis hours, and was afruid that I might dose oS, or that tb« lift might be so quiet] v worked that in the dark I might 1-V una warp ol it ; so I lay down upon the lift with my head on a cushion just in the position in which they found the doctor.' ' I em inclined to think that the cushion was tampered with in some way, either drugged, or made of hops, or something put upon it to induce sleep, for I can account for it in no oihi-r way.1 ' Oh ! you were clean done up, and when you put your h-ad on the pillow what was more natural than that you should go to sluep,' said Bruce. ' Well, we won't discuss that,' re plied Seymour, ' although 1 am not sure mysr-lf that 1 ever slept, for that lift has leen constructed by a mechan ical genius, and works ptrfectly smooth ly and without noi6e of any kind. I may have been lying there for nn hour or two when I started to consciousness. I felt that there was a change in the atmosphere, and was conscious of a slight draught which I had not noticed JD the room before. My lantern was covered, but was still alight, so I turn ed it up nnd uncovered it. You may guess that I got a start.' ?I was still lying upon tbe fire places but instead of being in the btd rooin 1 could see a kind of shaft- or well above me and around there was a Inrgo underground cavo or chapiter. I sat up at once and drew my revolver, for wilhin a few yards of tuc sat a stout man fastened in a chair, seeming ly asleep. I looked at him again. The face was partly turned away from me; bat my blood almost rat) cold. It was the corpse or ghost of Raymond Ballantynf. ' I jumped up and stepped cautious ly on to the floor and with my bull's eye took a good look at the appari tion, to be quite sure that my senses were not deceiving me ; then I threw the light cautiously into other parts of the place ; but a moment afterward I got another shock, for turning around I found that the lift, relieved of my weight, was steadily ascending to its former position. In fact it was too high up for me then to catch hold of it, and a minute after ward had passed up the well to its place in the bedroom ' For a few minutes I felt myself regularly tiapped ; but I was tnoBt ap preheneive as (o who might be with me in the vault in addition to the corpse of old Mr. fiallanlyne. ' I could bear nothing except a queer rumbling and sucking sort of sound, such as might have come down a long passage leading to tbe ocean. You may imagine that 1 was in a queer state of mind, not to mention bow I felt in my body. 1 turned the lantern upon the floor at my feet, it was fairly smooth and a bit gravelly ; then I threw. _it_ behind me and saw a table and chair, and then a couch, and lamp upon some shelving let into tbe wall. I saw now for the first time that the plac« was a cave which had been arti fically wikrgerL The lift bad evfdent ]y been constructed at the farthest end of It, in tbe direction ot tbe land. Having discovered this much I felt a faintness coming over mo and walked over toward tbe chair and table to sit, down, when my eye fell upon a bottle of whisky, and a large jug, and a tin with biscuits. Tbe jug by good lack, hii water in it, and I made myself a stiff tumbler of the whisky and water, and helped rnystlf from tbe tin of bis cuiu. I had bad nothing since the afternoon of the previous day, and I can tell you the refreshment was most acceptable 1 T shall never forget hour I gat there and thought over the sit nation. I had ; matches about me, so I blew out the h lantern, partly to save the light, and \-- partly to prevent n.yself from becom : ing a target for an enemy's pisto', I i Re-' munched the biscuits in the dark, and watched for the appearance of someone. 1 1 concluded that someone had low ered lh« lift down, and thai someone must have seen me. Why had I been allowed to escape? I thought. For about half an hour I eat there in : painful suspense, peering into 'the darkiK'SR, with uiy finger od the trigger of the revolver. There vrafc no sound, however, so I presently lit my lantern again to more carefully examine my surroundings and see if 1 -could find out anything idiout Mr. Septimus Dorset. 1 hud no fear for myself so long as I was a match for any violence I might meet with there, for 1 frit sun: that you would be back shortly and ihat if I could not get out by any other means I could make you hear me by shouting. But there was the chance that I might find out how to work tbe lift from brlow, or might discover some means of exit in'o the grounds or on to the rocka. Looking at my watch I found that it was just four o'clock, so I took out my note book and made a memo, of what had happened, in case I should meet with an accident before getting' out again. ' This corner of the placo I found on closer examination to w arranged with considerable care, as though some one had sat there either writing or engaged in other occupation. Tber8 was. a vug on the ground, and writing materials on the shelf. I examined the latter, but could find no trace of manuscript, on tbe lower shelf, however, I found a lamp which was trimmed and full of kerosene. This rrlieved my fearB about a light, and I at once lit it and proceeded to investigate in other direc tions.' 1 You certainly bad a lively time old man, I wish that I had been with yon,' said Bruce. This was a great thing for Bruce to say, for ho rarely expressed approval of anything which bis colleague did ; Uut he was evidently favourably im pressed and interested. Seymour chuckled to himself ' There is nothing succeeds like success,' he thought as be locked across to bis senior. ? I went over and had a good look at the corpse of the late proprietor of the Towers, and when you see it you will think with me that it is a ghastly spec tacle. The body has evidently been preserved in nome way, for it has a mummy-like appearance, but why it has been done is a mystery which I can suggest no explanation of.1 1 Did you rxamiue the body closely,1 asked Bruce. 1 No,' replied Seymour, ' something happened shortly after which suggest ed the advisability of another course of action ; but as far as I could see by a casual examination there was no sign of violence about the face or skull. The hands are restmg upon the knees and the whole attitude is singularly natural, just as though death might have overtaken him when he was asleep. I should say though that the place has a queer saltish smell.' ' Any sui( II of drugs or preservatives, ol disinfectants ?' suggested Bruce. ' Xo, but fhf freshness of the place was partly explained to me afterward?. There are really thlvn large caves, pro bably limestone, ar-3 a long passage or series of smaller caves, with an open ins; right out on the cliff, but which can only be used at low tide. It must have been high water at about five or six o'clock this moraine, you will learn why I say tin's later on. As soon as I had taken in the surroundings of the first cave, I commenced to examine that to the left, which is several feet lower. There were plenty of feet marks here, but except a case or two, which may bavo contained Bpirits at one time, there was nothing of impor tance to be seen. While in there, however, I was suddenly startled by hearing o.ie of the most weird and aw ful souuds imaginable, and then there came a great rush of wind which near ly extinguished the lamp I wu carry ing.. I waited and listened for several minutes, and then it was repeated, it was simply awful, aud with that dead man in the next piece, and t!ie con ecionsnees that Mr. Dorset's body was likely enough somewhere down there too, I can tell you it was by no moans a oheerful situation, I mast have been a full hour in that place protecting the lamp so that it should not be blown out, and that infernal racket going on all the time. ' I thought of every possible natural explanation ; bnt it was of no use, and thai, hour in the inner cave was about tbe worst 1 ever remember spending in my life.' ' Well man what was it ?' said Bruce, at last, somewhat impatiently. 'I'll tell you in a minute,' said Sey mour, evidently enjoying his senior's excited state of mind. ' After a while I wpnt cautiously out and passed by the big cave into a third aud smaller one, which I judged led in the direction of the sea. I had to climb down in some places, aB the descent was quite steep, almost like stairs, it was more like a passage, and I went along shading the light very cautiously when all at once I beard the same shrieking sound right in front of me, and a gust of salt air rushing past me extinguished the lamp, but before it did so I saw a white ghostly object right in front of me, You'll think me foolish perhaps, but just as the light went out I fired my revolver straight at it. 'The darkness for a few minutes was intense and then a sort of phosphores cent light confronted me, and the same wild whiatlint scream began. I tell you it made me sweat, but I laughed now for I had guessed what it wag ; it was high tide and there was a blow bole connected with the sea in the pas sage in front of me. It evidently only acted during rough weather and at high tide. I had therefore uo alterna tive bnt to go back aud wait for an hour or do for the tide to go down a bit, before following up my investiga tions in that direction.' 1 But.* said-Bruce, ' did yoa find any trace of Dorset ?' ' No, but I have a good idea where bis remains will be found,' said Sey mour. ' Where ?' asked Bruce.. 1 At the bottom of that blow-bolo,' said Seymour. \To be eontinuti.] 