SPORTING. THE TUEP. Mr B. Grice will be a candidate for a seat on the Y.R.C, committee at the approaching elections. The Tasmanian, City Band, who won the Lawn Handicap at Flemington on Saturday, is a son of Mozart. The Westralian-bred, Happy Jack, finished sscond to Stockings in S.A: Tattersall's Steeplechase on Saturday The general entries for the A.B.C. Grand National Meeting are very satisfactory, showing an increase of 59 on the previous year. Stockings, the outsider, who won the Steeplechase at Tattersall's meeting in Adelaide on Saturday, is by Hamlet's Ghost from Miss Twist. Mr S. H. Gollan is reported to have purchased the New Zealand jumper Missfire, by Maxim from Take Miss. Missfire will probably be sent to England. Daystar, the crack New Zealand horse, has changed hands, the beautifully-bred Castor-Cissy horse having found new owners in Messrs S. M'Guinness end M. Milis. It is understood that the price paid was 600 guineas. The following wagers have been laid recently in Melbourne on the two Cups:— £5,000 to £10 Marusa and George Frederick, £3,000 to £6 Syerla and Regained, £3,000 to £6 Spencer and Amberite, £5,000 to £10 The Chevalier and Merloolas, £2,500 to £5 The Chevalier and Amberite, £5,000 to £10 The Chief and War God, £5,000 to £10 Veneda and Merloolas, £2,600 to £5 Veneda and War God. Wayfarer, by his victory at Flemington on Saturday, has incurred a penalty of 31b for the Caulfield Cup, and one of 51b for the Melbourne Cup. He will thus have to carry 7st 101b in the former race and 7st 91b in the big two-miler. An exchange says that Mr J. J. Wilkinson saw Wayfarer in training whilst away and was very favorably im pressed with the colt., whom he thinks will want a lot of beating in the Caulfield Cup. Old-time sportsmen will, perhaps, remember (says ' Pegasus') that Skipper (by Boatman), the sire of Floater, was heavily backed for the Melbourne Cup of 1879, won by Darriwell. He was owned by Mr J Whitehead, and was invincible in the pro' vincial handicaps. He was put under preparation for Darriwell's Melbourne Cup, and did such excellent work that he was at one time first favorite, but during the severe winding-up process he broke down, and was scratched. By the way, Floater himself could get over half a mile in 54sec. Mr J. J. Wilkinson, the well-known gold field sportsman, arrived at Fremantle on Saturday morning by the s.s. Cape Otway (says a Perth paper). Mr Wilkinson, who visited Strathalbyn, S.A., first on his trip and then went on to Flemington, will remain in Perth for a few weeks. Whilst away he received a telegraphic request from tbe committee of the Coolgardie Racing Club asking him to again undertake the handicapping work for that club's Cup meeting next month. Mr Wilkinson replied acceding to the request, and will declare the weights for the Coolgardie (Jup meeting next Saturday in Perth. It was two men employed on the Waika remoana road works who drew Paul Pry, winner of the Adelaide Cup, and divided the sum of £7,500 (says an exchange) Both mm have been employed on the Waikaremoana road works for some considerable time. One of them, Goodall, who has only one arm, has taken his place in the camp with his mates, shovelling mud and chopping trees down, provingfcimself equal to his two handed companions. The other man, Weiss proposes to take a trip to the old country, find his parents, and provide for them in their old age should they still be alive. 