NEWS OF THE DAY. The Charch Congress was opened yester day. A special Congress supplement to The Star is published this morning. The flower trade of London exceeds in value £2,000,000 per annum. Great Britain has one-fourth, the wealth of .Europe, with but one-ninth of the popu lation. The death is announced of tha Rev. Dr Kane, Grand Master of the Orangemen. On an average, the letters reoslved for the German Emperor number 600 a day. Lord Kitchener, tha Sirdar of Egypt, hae paid a three days’ visit to Her Majesty the Queen at Balmoral. Both Q teenaland and South Australia have decided not to take part lu the Paris Exhibition. ' Mr J. Anderson, M.L.A,, was appointed a trustee of the Exhibition building in place of tbe late Mr Bssisto. Dr' Gresawell, the chairman of the Board of Public Health, is still confined to his house, suffering from overwork. The'Rev. A. A. Macro, Congregational minister, of Richmond, and formerly of Maryborough, Victoria, died at Launoeston on Monday. . ' V The Powers have acoepted a proposal by the Egyptian Government to rednae the land tax by £221,000. Mr James Hood, an old resident, died in Warrnambonl on Sunday morning; aged 81 years. A case of bubonic plßgue has oacurred in the Portuguese settlement at Delagoa Bay, in South-east Africa. Rolfe Boldrewnod will come before the public again on.lS-h October. The title ia “A Romonc" of Canvas Towe.” Louie XIV. of France drank the firrt cup of coffee made in Western Europe.- Coffee was then worth £5 16s a ponnd. The value of salmon and trout taken in English and Welsh waters in an average year is slightly over £150,000. List week Mr H. Grefs, one of the oldest residents of Tanunda, S.A., died, aged ninety-one years and six month*. He arrived in the oolony in December, 1847. Arrivals of potatoes at Melbourne and Geelong from the oountry last week amounted to 1489 bags, against,s333 bags for the cor responding week last year. Velasquez has won for Lord Rorobery up wards of £30,000 in stakes, but as luck would have it has run second for races worth on the whole £33,605. No less a Bum than £126 has accumnlated from unclaimed deposits, &c.;, in the hnnds of the Bendigo City Council, some of it dating back as long as thirty-four years. An explosion has occurred in a rocket factory at Niknlaieff, the Russian naval station on the Black Sea. Twenty-one per sons were killed. Thirty years ago there were only two dozen explosive compounds known to chemist*; now there are over a thousand. At Yongala, S.A., on Monday, John Roche, aged 47, waß killed by a heavy road roller passing over his body. The body, when found, was horribly mutilated. At Mansfield on Monday an earth tremor was experienced,- when crockery and other artioles on shelves were observed to shake. The ebook waß travelling from east to west. A well-known Wellington citizen ha* dis appeared, leaving unpleasant rnmors behind respecting money matters. Tho amount involved is stated to be from £3OOO to £6OOO. An explosion occurred on Sunday in a Paris c*fe, by which the keeper of a kiosk was killed and eight persons injured. It is not known how the explosion wub Oiused. A fire involving the destruction of pro perty to the extent of over £2OOO occurred in Olive street, Albury, at midday on Mon day. It originated in a kitchen at the back of the fruit shop of Mr F. C. Wood. A company has been registered in Sydney under tho title of the Acetylene Gas Com pany of Australasia, with a capital of £lOO 000, to place the acetylene light before tbe public throughout Australasia. Deliveries of wheat and flour at Port Me'- bourne, Williamstown, Geelong, and Mel bourne stations for the first 46 weeks of the year cover 1,314,155 bags The total to the corresponding date in 1897 was 605,247, aud in 1896, 582,973 bags. Alice Plint, aged 14, died in the Adelaida Hospital from the burns which she received on 6th November. The acoident was oaused through powder from a cracker which tha child exploded falling on her dress and igniting it. The magnitude of th* Escurial, the grsAt Sp-nish palace, may be inferred from the fact that it would take four days >io go through all the rooms and apartments, th» length nf the way being reckoned at 23 Spanish leagues, which is about 120 English miles. A naval demonstration against Turkey is threatened by the United States unless the Porte satisfies the American olnims for compensation for.the destruction of Ameri can ' missions during the Armenian mas sacres two or three years ago. M. Paul de Cassagnac, the Bonepartist journalist, in his newspaper, Aulorile, urges Franoe to revive the right of privateering, which, was abolished by the treaty of Pari* in 1856, with the view of ciroumventing Great Britain in the event of war. Mr Leopold Fnoe de Salis, of Cuppacum balong and Thanwa station, N-S. W., died on Monday, at Queanbeyan, after a short ill ness, egad 82 years. Deceased at -one time represented Queanbeyan in the Legislative Assembly, and a few yearß afterwards was nominated as a member of the Upper House. Harvesting is general in tbe early districts of South Australia. The wheat Bamples vary considerably, some being much pinched and others of good quality. It is thought that on the whole the average crop will be superior in quality to that of the preceding season. A 11 ghost,” in regulation costume, at Cannington, near Perth, W.A., has been bailed up by residents armed with revolvers, who severely thrashed him with a paling. In the Supreme Court, Bri»bane, Margaret M'Lean, milliner, obtained a verdict for £l5O against the Tramway Company, damages for an electric shock reaeived by plaintiff through the alleged negleot of tha defendant company. It is understood that the company will appeal. At a meeting at Berrigan, N S.W., on Saturday, a resolution was carried that, with the view of preventing fntore heavy losses by drought in that district, an agitation should he begun for the construction as a national (Work nf the main irrigation canal from the Murray, near Albnry, as recommended hy the chief engineer for water conserva tion. Mr Alfred Nobel, the late dynamite king, left a sum equal to £400,000 tn bo presented “ to the person who should have done the most and the bast for tho accomplishment of universal peace." The executor*, it is stated from Berlin, have decided that the legacy shall go to the Czar of Russia as a reward of merit for the message to European Govern ments of 26th August. At Lucliow, in Germany, 129 fathers were not long back fined for allowing their children under ten years of age to dance at the harvest festival of a village nearby. Tho village pastor objected to the dancing and reported the case to the police. It was dis covered, however, that his children had danoed, too, und he was fined with the rest In response to tbe nppeal by Sir Clement* R. Markham, president of the Royal Geo graphical Society, at the meeting held on the 14th inst., for fuods to defray the cost of an exploring expedition to the Antarctic regions, Mr A. C. Harmsworth, proprietor of the Daily Mail and other journals, has contri buted £5OOO. Henry Jude, a miner from West An*- tralia, started with hiß wife, mother-in-law, and brother-in-law on a shooting expedition to Gre Gre on Saturday, and while they were driving a gnu-hold between Jnde’a kneeß slipped, fell and exploded. The charge shattered Jude’s left arm fearfully, and at the local hospital it was amputated at Lbs shoulder joint. 