^{a^WMESSES, /\ / UCH as the disembodied JB\'f^ spirits of the dead have as 3 M % sociated themselves with t~S v ^ men's actions, it Is a rarity £7r§\ *n find fho fntewmirse be tween the world of life and that of spirits forming an item in official and practical business, and holding a place in the record of its transactions. While the strong-minded, the educat ed, and the learned in the solitude of cloisters, in old graveyards, in caverns, or ran 'blasted heaths' have every now and then professed to be visited by ap* paritions. twelve of. the most superstitious men in the world empanelled as a jury would hardly be found to attest a ghost story by a verdict re turned in open court. Defoe, the novelist, drew upon, his vivid imagination when he presented to the world the history of a murderer who, In giving false evidence against an innocent man, Ss con fronted by the ghost of the victim, with which he carries on a dialogue in open court, ultimately fatal to his conspiracy. But the ingenious wri ter leaves it undetermined whether the spectre is actually present, or whether the diseased imagina tion of the perjured murderer, working upon bis organs of sight, had called up the impression, and made the suggestions of his .evil conscience, like those of Macbeth, appear to be embodied before his eyes. Cases have actually been known where spectres have appeared and given important information as to the whereabouts of the murdered remains, buried pieces of evidence, and the like, which has helped bind the fatal rope around the neck of the murderer. Of these cases, one of the most noted is vouched for in the criminal records of Scotland, and occurred in the trial of. one Duncan Terig, alias Clerk, and Alexander Bayne Mac donald, accused of murdering Arthur Davies, a sergeant in General Guise's regiment of foot, in June, 1754. The story of the crime and the ap pearance of the spectre witness turns upon the fact that the body of the murdered man lay for many months undiscovered in the mountains, and was only found by the 'instrumentality of the ghost of the victim. , Sergeant Davies was stationed at Braemar, where he was in command of a small party. The spot where he met his death was on the bill of Christie, one of the range of mountains which' extends from the Dee, in Aberdeenshire, towards the Spital of Glenshee, in the Braes of Angus. It is to this day a savage ana solitary district, ?where human habitations are unknown, and a body might lie in the deep heather till the flesh fell from the bones ere the usual course of chance might bring a visitor to the spot. The following are the words of Alexander Macpherson, as his evidence was taken- down in court at the' trial: 'He was lying in bed on a certain night, when a vision appeared to him as of a man clad in blue, who told the deponent, 'I am Sergeant Davies;' but before he told him so the deponent had taken the said vision, at first appearance, to be a real living man. The deponent rose from his bed, and followed the spectre to the door, and then it was that it said it was Sergeant Davies, who had been murdered in the hill of Christie near a year be fore, and desired the deponent to go to tae place he had pointed at, where he would find his bones, and that he might go to Donald Farquharson and take his assistance to. the burying of him. Upon giving Donald Farquharson this information Don ald went along with him, and found the bones where the spectre had described, and they then buried them with the help of a spade, which he (the deponent) had alongst with him; and for putting what is deponed out of doubt, depones that the vision was the occasion of his going by himself to see the dead body, and which he did before he spoke to Donald Farquharson of it. While he was in bed another night, after he had first seen the body by himself, but had not buried it, the vision again appeared, naked, and minded him to bury the body; and at last, being importuted, he spoke to Donald as related, and they buried the bones as before deponed. Upon the vision's first ap pearance to the deponent in his bed, and after going out of the door, and being told by it he was Sergeant Davies, the deponent asked him who it was that had murdered him, to which it made this answer: that if the deponent had not asked, he might have told him, but as he had asked him, he said he either could not or would not; but which of the two expressions the deponent can not say. But at ifae second time the vision made its appearance toTrim the deponent renewed the same question; .and then the vision answered that it 'was the two men now in the panel' (at the bar) that had murdered him. And being further in terrogated in what manner the vision disappear ed from him first and last depones that, after the short interviews above mentioned, the vision at both times disappeared and vanished out of his sight in the twinkling of an eye, and that in describing the panels (the accused) by the vision as his mur derers, his words were, 'Duncan Clark and Alexander Macdonald.' ' This evidence is re peated here in the quaint phraseology in which it was originally given, and written down .in the Scottish court of justice, where the records still remain. The other evidence against the priso ners was very strong, but it is not surprising that after Macpherson's remarkable evidence discredit should have been thrown over the whole cast and a verdict of acquittal given. This, however, does not weaken the remarkable fact that the bones were discovered by help of the spectre of the murdered man, the character of the witness Macpherson being found on inve^-'^otion to be above any suspicion which might have been cast upon it. Another remarkable story is told in an account of a case in Queen Anne's county, Marvland, where the appearance of a spectre was attested In an action as to a will. 'William Briggs said that Thomas Harris died in September, 1790. In the March following he was riding near the place where Thomas Harris was buried, on a horse formerly belonging to Tho mas Harris. Jtfter crossing a small T-ronV his horse began to walk on very fast. It was be tween the hours of 8 and 9 o'clock in the morn ing. - He was alone. It was a clear day. He entered a lane adjoining to the field where Tho mas Harris was buried. His horse suddenly wheeled round towards the fence, looked over it into the field where Thomcs Harris was buried, and neighed very loud. Witness then saw de ceased coming towards him in the same apparel as he had last seen him in his lifetime; he had on a sky-blue coat. Just before he came to the fence he varied to the right and vanished. His horse then of Its own accord again took the road.' The following has been thoroughly investigated by Independent authorities, and has been proved correct in every particular. A young girl resid ing at Richmond (England) had a lover who was a sailor. Before he departed upon his last voy age prior to settling at home and marrying his fiancee told him she had had a dream in which she saw him in the water battling for his life against an immense shark, that a boat was row Ing to his rescue, but before it reached him he had disappeared- So vivid was this dream that she implored him to~'Bbandon the voyage. This, however, he was unable to do, having already signed articles; and against the wishes of his friends, who were strongly impressed with the dream, he set sail. Some two months after this the girl did not rise as usual, and her mother going to 'her room to discover the reason found her un conscious. Restoratives, were applied, and when recovery had been obtained the girl stated that she had again dreamed the same dream, '— ?* with the addition that this time she had seen the water discolored as with blood. That she had awoVe and was crying over her dream, when she hear^ a sigh, and looking up distinctly* saw her lover bending over her. She put up her arms to clasp him, but lie melted away and vanished; and the vividness was such that she must then have lost consciousness, as she remembered no more until her mother found her. A note ol the exact hour and date of this occurrence was taken at the time, and later on letters were received recording the tact that at this very hour her lover had lost his life exactly as portrayed in the vision. Num bers of these cases could be given to prove that spectres have appeared, -as heralds ot 4heir own death, but few of them are so well attested as the cases enumerated. Why and when did Mr. Chamberlain take to that eyeglass which he manipulates with such skill? According to an occupant of the Opposition Front Bench, he first wore it when acting the part of Puff in 'The Critic,' In the course of some pri vate theatricals at Birmingham. : Mr. Chamber lain is said to have made a very good Puff indeed. — London paper. . ' ? : Platt-Betts is stated to be no worse, although he is not out of danger ..yet. His injuries include a fractured skull, a severe scalp wound, and bis jaw is broken in two places. The two Injured pace-makers are progressing favorably. — London 'Evening News,' July 1. ? ? - 