TERRIBLE B -A SYDNEY MAN FAI/L8 ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IS A BATH. SERS ¡FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE ¿IKE STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. When in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mi JavvÍ9'had the misfortune to slip and fall o the hot water pipes, and before he could b rescued foe was scalded and burnt in a terribl -way. ¡ The1 shock of the burning nnd the fa' proved to bë very disastrous for Ma*. Jarvh and for a number of years after he waa a con firmed invalid, suffering terribly from' loco motor «tasia and other forms of paralysis A few months ago, however, reports bega: to be cireúlated in the neighborhood that Mi Jarvie waa getting round again, and that h ¡had had a most marvellous recovery fror . this apparently incurable malady. It wa .on account of these rumours that .special reporter from the Sydney Worke was despatched to got nil information regard ing same, and ono afternoon he mude i hi ?way to his house, 45 Crown- lane, Ultimo Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing ¡ t wo-year-idd baby, and his face declared hin one of the happiest men iu Sydney. He wu up and about, and able to answer the knooli at the door. Although pale and bearii^ ..still a few marks of a critical illness and i period of pain, it was very clear that he wai an invalid no more. Tn reply to the preliminary questions In said:-"You want to' know my case Well. I am glad of an opportunity to tel you. The facto may be of value to those wh< are stricken as I was." " How lon ir were you suffering?" *l Well, twelve months ago I got so had tim I had to leave off work, and ï have dom nothing since then. About five years agi oext Christmas I met with an -accident.; ; was badly ecalded in Pitt-street, Syduey Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of t; md aal de velopmewt of the malady, I was forced tc give up ray billet at the Glebe Island." "What were tho Symptoms?" <* Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were 3U8t nboul HS much ns I.-could bear. They were for al the world like as if a saw were cutting nry bones in two in every part of me. I lind cu; .control over my bowels or bladder, nnd was r» nuisance to myself and overj'nno else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and ho told me that mycase was utterly hopeless. However, he gava me au order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of th« order?" "No; I came homo and wont to bed, and have been pretty well in bed over since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I oould uot get out of bed. I felt thou that it was all over with mo, and only a question of days whun I would give np the ghost. My doctor was attending me, nnd did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I. was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. Ho crime to the conclusion that I waa suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, H disease of tho spinal chord, charac- terized by peculiar disturbance of gait, aud difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary move- ments. He told me that 1 might last'for ten years, and that I might uever get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medic il opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped nt an idea conveyed hy tho advertise- ment describing the cure effected iu the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. William's Pink Pills for Palo People. Ï read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a tri'il anyway, and sont for a box. The effect was na marvellous na it was tnngionl. 1 waa able to oat and sloop as though nothing was the matter with me. ;It was the first ap- petite und rest I had for many a day, It was incredible. I immediately loft the bed and waa able to move about. You see those crutches there? Tiny nre pei factly new, and I have never used them. They were made i'.»r ino before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I urns too weak to uso thom, and now I don't want them." " Flo is 100 por cont, botter," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had o »mo in and taken tho baby on hor klines. .« Tho Dr. William's Pink Pills for Palo Poople have saved his lifo, and mude finotln-r man of him." A friend who called in nt this point Hiid that Jarvis look« d ton yours younger that day tliuu ho did a fortnight previous. " I can now," continued JarriB, "have ,a ! cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and J bmiefit to Dr., Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my lifo. I am iu no pain now, I whatever, and feellike a new man. On the mntitel|dftce there is ft hos of opium and mor- phia pi ! IR which the doctor ¿rave me to deaden the excruciating pain. Rut they cnn stay whore they «re, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows.oin has been amazed at tho, chango in me. They cnn hardly believe their eves. My being about again bas caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the ohief news- papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an im- poverished state of the blood, «uch as antonia, pale und sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, 'loss of ap- petite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, neivnus hoadftcbfl. etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gwen, leader of the Labor Party in tho N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our roportpr in conn^c'iinn with the remarkable caso of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from in- fancy. He also knew that ho had to give up his work nt Globe Island abattoirs twelve m on th'i ago owing to a malady which ho de- veloped. He afterwards heard that JurvÍR was bed-riddfn, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hos- pital, as his casu was pronounced incurrí bio. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like anj'ono -Iso who know the f»cts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Those wonderful pills fire obtainable from leading chemist's, or from th« Dr, Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Placo, Sydney, who will forward (post pnid) on r^c-ipt of stamps or post order, one b'»x for.2s. 91., or half dozen fi.r 15a. 3d. Sue that the genuine Dr.. William»' ar© gotten. j 