C 1 • ' O A -I'iivr Soldiers. ( B y M a r k T r a e v lvnle, In Muntey'ss Magazine.) Oscar Billow had lain toil on the battlefield without a wound, and a3 a consequence the wounds came afterwards when ho was laid up with nervous fever, while the other men lay around hnn on the hay and passed the time in thrusting at his pride. Sometimes it seemed as if he had none, and then they prodded deeper, hoping they might reach it somewhere out of si^ht. One day a little fellow named Parmlee struck in, and the prostrate giant staggered to his feet. It was a burning day. The sunlight came through chinks and knot holes, and felMn shafts of torture on the wounded men. Horseflies, the only original properties left in Ferguson's barn, pervaded it officiously. Outside 1 , on the hill beyond Ferguson's fields, the shells were screaming. Dillow had dropped into one of those fitful doses into which his overwrought nerves relaxed between the outbursts on the hill, when little Parinlee came and stood beside him. Tamilee had been to the kitchen tent of the sanitary commission, and had brought back enough oyster stew for each man in the barn, and each man had had his share, excepting Dillow. Now Parmlee was waiting beside him, with a dipperful of it in his hand, but a contemptuous smile upon his face. " Six oysters—for a coward," he thought as he shifted his lame legdiscontentedly and waited. It seemed to him against all the laws of war. He himself had had a deep flesh wound just above, the knee, and Dillow had turned grey in the face at the sight of it, ami had fallen over him, nearly shattering all his bones, holding him in torment. And here was Dillow, still lying almost as grey and inert as lie had lain upon the field. Parinlee thanked all his stars for not having been obliged to lie underneath the big fellow all this time ; and yet his injured leg almost refused to carry oysters to Dillow 7 , although it was ready enough in leading itself to the other men who were on theirbacks. They were brave soldiers. It aggravated the limb to have to wait upon a coward. As Dillow kept on do/.ing, the one thing the little attendant wanted to do was to spill the stew into his face and wake him ; but some impulse caused him to look across to the next bundle of hay and meet a pair of hungry eyes that were gazing up from it. Beneath the eyes there yawned a grinning hungry mouth, and a humorous hungry finger pointed into it. Eyes mouth and linger all belonged to a man who had fought well. He had had one dipperful of oysters, but yearned for more. Little Parinlee hesitated a moment, thought of the instructions given him at the tent, and then, grinning in answer, tiptoed round the gigantic sleeper, and fed an oyster into the open mouth, which closed upon it as tightly and far more blissfully than the shell in which it had once lived. Parmlee had only meant to rob the coward of one oyster, but so soon as that was gone, and he glanced about again, he saw four other gaping mouths quite near at hand. lie went from one to another like a parent bird, and as he dropped the longed-for morsel into each it closed upon it with an expression of great bliss. There was but one oyster in the plate now, and it looked so lonely and so tempting as it circled through the broth, that before he really knew he had swallowed it himself. Then he winked silently at the five brave soldiers and they winked at him. The broth might possibly have gone spoonful by spoonful after the oysters, if Dillow had not wakened and seen theplate. His listless eyes found interest. " Hello, Parmlee," he said, lifting himself a little, and sniffing expectantly, " are you bringing me some oyster stew ?" "Yes,'' said Parmlee, and he held the dipper for the giant's big unsteady hands, He did not notice what young hands they were. Parmlee was only lb, one! too young himself to notice such things o r I: make allowances, and he never guessed thai. Dillow Was as • l»ut, then, no oao had ever made allowances for Dillow. It is not customary to make allowances for giants.' Dillow took the plate, and searched it with his eyes, and finally looked up as one does who hears some news too sad to credit. "Oyster stew without anv oysters he asked. ' They g-ive the oysters to wounded men,' said the smaller hoy in a grim voice ' They think you're too much like an oyster a'- ready—just as active an' fiery as an oyster, an' the same strength an' muscle to your size.' He laughed, and the five men near by joined wiih him like a chorus, and then licked their lips, where, a pleasant little memory still lingered. Osc ar Dillow looked from one to another of them and understood. A spasmodic jerking took possession of his hands, so that he could not lift the spoon. 1'armlee held the dipper up impatiently, and he swallowed the broth at'a siiude gulp, and gave the plate so sudden a push that it flew out of Pa rm lee's hands. The little fellow looked after it in surprise, while Dillow struggled to a sittingposture and glared at the men. "Oh, you—-you—you- " he began, groping wildly after invective and self-justification and prophecy, but the whole wreck that he had made of his manhood, and the whole insult to it, rose in him, struggling together and strangling him, until his voice broke out into a cry, and lie fell back upon his bed and snatched the sheet over his face to hide it. The men looked from one to another and laughed aloud. They felt a little sheepish, but they were more certain than ever that the oysters had been well placed. " What he needs now is his shell to crawl into," one said. " Don't worry," came another humorous growl. "He'll just drop into the water up Salt Iviver and grow himself another shell." " JTenty o' shells right here, an' call in' for him," chuckled still another voice, as a spitting, screaming missile went over the barn. Parmlee stooped and lifted the sheet for a final peep at the coward who lay shuddering from the sound of the 'shell as the live flesh shudders from the knife. " I lush, boy*,'' he said, replacing the sheet. and turning to hobble cheerily out as lie had come. " He's about to get a little rest. Sh-h-h-h-h ! Oysters is so active that they need a little: relaxation now and then." As Dillow lay there, trying to shut his ears to the comments that passed above him, the horror of the battle on the hill seemed suddenly a trifling thing compared to the horror of his life. He threw back the sheet and sat up. The man who had eaten the first oyster rose to his elbow, too, and looked at the big boy who had had nothing left but broth. " Gettin' hungry again '.'" be asked. " No," said Dillow, passing his hand across his dizzy head. '' I'm gettin' up to wait until vou're. well enough for me to lick." He rose to his feet and staggered against the wall, white and quivering. There was a small window over one of the mangers, and he looked out on fields full of confusion, where the army had swept forward to battle, leaving last week's wounded in Perguson's barn like a drift mark" 011 the beach. But now, from under the cloud on the hill, a wave of men in blue were falling back and breaking like water round a rock wherever a pursuing shell exploded in their midst Here and there an officer galloped about, beating back the men and being overborne and in the nearer fields the ambulances and army waggons tore back and forth like a distracted hock, sometimes colliding with one another, sometimes passing over a trampled swath of fallen men P illow clenched his hands and looked on with his lips shut tight. The men behind him oil the hay questioned him eagerly, but he did not hear, At last he turned to therm " Bovs," he said, and there was a sol) in his throat that gave, weight to the fc\yr-t!iiuued voice, " hoys, I'm going to lick you; hut while I wait for you to get strong enough, I'm going out there." They stared at him. " What'll you do there questioned three voices at once. " You'd be mighty useful at a breastwork, if they was fortifviif, but if they're rampagin' back here through the field " " I'll fight," said Dillow. "The boys are falling back. They're needing lighting men." " An' the oyster riz, in his might, an' sez he, 1 I'll fight, I'll fight !' " sang the first brave soldier ; but the coward made no retort. lie crept to the place where clothes were hanging in the place of varnished harnesses, and, proping himself against a stall, began to dress. His head swam, his heart fluttered, his hands shook the garments, and the men looked on with interest and unbelief, throwing in suggestions and offering their own wardrobes—not being fighting men. When he was half dressed Dillow sat down on his pile of hay, too spent to finish. A warning " Sh-h-h-h !" passed from lip to lip, followed by a laugh, for they all thought that he was giving up ; but one of the five explained in his defence : " You don't understand, you fellows. He's ready and waitin'. He's going to fight on the half shell." A light pattering of spent bullets came down on the roof and silence fell with them. It was as if the little rattle had been a death summons to each man. Finally they looked at one another. " We had ought to be moved," some one said soberly. " Wonder where Parmlee's gone to. lie had ought to tell somebody to move us." " H'm," said other voices, "Parmlee's too busy movin' fellows at the front—ain't nobody to look out for us." Dillow sat on his pile of hay, and clenched his hands between his knees. The din and turmoil grew about them as the firing came in hot and close across the fields. The angry crackling of musketry was shaken by long, deep-mouthed baying from the guns, and shells screamed oftener about them. " My God !" said one. Dillow looked up slowly and wonderingly at their terrified faces, it made very little difference to hint to be waiting for death here, or to be waiting for it at the front, in action ; there was nothing in him to take fire and carry him beyond the thought of danger. Knowing that these men had that which he lacked, it seemed even more pitiful, to see them all afraid. He felt thai if he had gone out be might have prevented it, that out of the sheer strength of his pity he might have led the forces aside so that the firing should not fall so close to the wounded in the barn. He could see his own ghost dash out through the shot and the shell and bid the commanders beat their forces to one side, and he followed the apparition with a breathless reverence until lie remembered that he himself was sitting with clenched hands upon the hay. lie jumped to his feet with an oath and started towards the door and fell. A bomb had struck the barn. Its explosion rent the air, and filled it with dust and shivered wood. Por a moment Dillow thought that lie himself and all the rest were dead. Then lie found that he could rise and look about. One side of the barn was gone, and the hay and dry wood were bursting out in fire. The stronger men were running and creeping and writhing from their beds, but there were some too weak to move, and some pinned down by timbers, and these cried hoarsely after the escaping ones. Overhead the flames had sprung into the loft ; the stalls about the men were travelled by little tongues of fire that ran as the rats came running and squealing out of harm. Dillow bent and gathered up one of the helpless men, and took him out, passing the laboring groaning ones who helped themselves, Then he ran back into the fire for the next. His knees rocked and his breath "was thick with smoke, The cinders fell crackling over him, the loft sagged lowt r and lower toward:; hi.s head. 1' ive : no Kept insist nig to himself. "There, are five who can't move," and he lifted another piteous form and dragged it out into the grass. It seemed to lake years to g(, and come ; the flames ate swiftly | through the parched barn timbers and the roar was like the thunder of cannon in Ins ears. Three times again he stumbled back into the thick of it, three times he came out staggering, his great weak body bending double—his gaunt, blackened and bleeding arms wrapped about a nerveless form, the clothes burned off his hack, the hair burned on his head the blood making red furrows down his black, distorted face. A fallen beam had struck him, but he did not know. " Pive," he was breathing in his short thick breaths?. " live fighiin' men." lie started once more, and his seared flesh burned the hand that held him back. "Leiiime go," he cried, turning fiercely on the surgeon who was holding him. " I go to get'em — they're JighUu' men." " You've got 'em you idiot," screamed the surgeon, holdinglast. " You've got 'em all but the big coward, and the devil himself couldn't pull him out of there." Little .Parmlee came hobbling up among the witnesses. That's him—that's him," he cried, but Dillow wrenched himself free, lie had been crouching double, as if he still carried a weight, but now his eyes fell on the live brave soldiers lying smoke-stunned on grass, and lie knew that his selfimposed task was done. " All—but--the - - coward," he muttered in a voice that came like tin 1 wind through the yellow corn. A. ripple of life straightened hum He stood up shec-r and black against the tower of flame that rose: into the heavens, flinging out its long, bright banners to the sun. The exultation flickered out, lie swayed ^a moment and little Parmlee and the surgeon caught him in their anus and laid him down. The surgeon looked up at the expectant faces. " He's gone," he said simply. " That was a brave soldier." The men who had hats uncovered their heads in silence, far off the regiment was surging like a wave against the hill. The tide had tin ned. 