A CHAT WITH CHARLES ARNOLD. An; Amusing Story. ', Tho London: ' 'Echo','.' : a copy of which Mr. Charles Arnold has forwarded, contains an Interesting interview with the popular, actor. ' Speaking of - his actor-studontshlp, Mr. Arnoldsaid: ' . '-' .???. ?-. The - finest experience I. got «iu 'diirihg n .two years' crason nt 31ontrcal.--.-Wc used, to produce a ,iu-, i-tii,v uvcfj .iiuiiuii.v ,io mil ,ior n wcch. - jiic stock company numbered 40. 'Bight 'stage ; car-' pentcra, nnd three scene painters were kept at it day ?ami night. Wo had all the dresses mailc on tho premises, am! there was a Dallol-miistcr and n choriis-m.-iRtcr. Vt'e pla,vc-l anything from comic opera to the latest comedy or drama from London r.nd PariKh-: You- can imagine what an- amount of experienco one got imiler such conditions; hut my duties did not enil with the acting; I was aim manager for Ulio front of the house; that was in 1S75. I was called upon to play all dialect parts, French, German, - Irish, .Russian, Chinese, Italian, Xeptros, and the rest. After the performance it was my ilntjr'to 'count the house,' then proba bly take a- sleigh and go ilown to tlic newspaper olllce of the town, change the ailvls., arid sec that our doings were kept -before the public, then home to my hotel for supper, after wlileli I would fre. quenlly study a new part until I fell 'asleep over, ft. .The company often used to laugh at ' me, and tcll'me I ulwayshad my mind'in tlie lrox ofllec and whenever. I was upon the stage used to coiinl the hoiiFC by habit. One rather good- Ktor-- was told afrainst me wlie'n I was playincritHc; sniall part of Lennox in '.Macbeth.' You .remember wlicn .Macbeth sera thn ghost of llanquo silling in his chnir. he Fays. 'The table's full.'' I, as Lennox, had lo replv, 'fllr-re is n. place reserved, my lord'; but I did not follow, this text. Jly thonchts were in the front of the house, and 1, raid, 'Here is' a reserved seat, mv lord.' Tills happened at re hearsal, but the yarn is told as having happened at night, nhd it is always a pity. to'FiXJil a good story by insisting on accuracy.'.' ' - 