HAUNTED . MOUNTAINS; OR COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. A ROMANCE OF THE WEST, By COLONEL PEENTISS INGE AM, " Author of the Mysterious Man in Blue." CHAPTER XXIX.— (Continued). Quickly their horses were unsaddled, blanketed, and led into three of the cabins, and the oats brought on a pack animal given to them in a rather gener ous quantity, while the ice on the lake was broken, and the horses' comfort cared for by their humane riders. The tired, hungry, and cold brutes greatly enjoyed their shelter and food, and the soldiers and scouts gathered in the other cabins and cooked supper, while the officers, Sprgeon Powell, and Cody took possession of the chiefs' quarters, and watched Spurs' preparations for a hearty supper. No one seemed to feel there was any need of a watch being set, for the out laws would never attack such a force. So they warmed themselves before the blazing logs, ate a hearty supper, and, spreading their blankets, turned in for their much-needed rest. Cody was the first one to awake in the morning, and he threw some logs on the fire; and, opening the door of the cabin", stepped out to see what the weather was to be. The wind still howled dismally, and the skies were overcast with leaden clouds, but the snow had ceased to fall. "At last the storm has spent itself. It will clear off to-day," muttered the scout, with evident satisfaction, and he turned to awaken the others in the cabin when his eyes fell upon a slip of paper before the door. It had been stuck there with a large pin. Instantly the scout took it down, expecting that the outlaws had left it there, and unfolding it read as follows, written in a legible hand: Colonel Cody,— Tour foes have fled, and you must return to the post, and await another time to strike them. The Indians will make a sweep down upon the post and settlements in the thaw that will follow this storm, for all is ready for their raid; so return with all haste and prepare for them. THE GHOST OF THE MOUNTAINS. CHAPTER XXX.— THE RETURN. When Lieutenants Seaford and Emory and Surgeon Powell had read this strange warning found by. Cody, the former said:— "Well, Cody, what do you think of it?" "I have had reason to feel perfect confidence in my weird friend, lieu tenant." "Then you think it just as he has said?" "Tes, sir." "And you, Powell?" "You remember the fight with the In dians some time ago, after which Cody went on his trail?" "Yes." "That band was reconnoitring." "Well?" "We met a band the night before last." "We certainly did." "They, too, were reconnoitring as they would never have been away from their village at this season of the year." "Then you agree with Cody tiiat the Indians intend mischief?" "I certainly do. Seaford, and the sooner the fort is ready for them and the settlements and mining-camps warned the better, for all arc utterly unsuspect ing any trouble now that cold weather has set in." "You have something to say, Emory;" and Lieutenant Seaford turned to his brother officer. "I would say. Seaford, that this weird guide served Cody once, and ail of us last night, and he now warns us of danger, so heed it: for it would devas tate this country and cripple our post terribly to he caught unawares by a large force of redskins just now. We have missed the outlaws, but then we have given an Indian band a severe drubbing, and this warning is worth more than the hanging of a hundred Midnighters just now: while I notice a P.S. here which you doubtless have not seen:" and Lieutenant Emory read, under a fold of paper : "Return for another time to pounce down upon the outlaws, for you will find them here later on." The paper, passed from one to the other of the party, was read in silence, and after a few more comments, Lieu tenant Seaford said : "Emory, please give the order that we will start on the home trail in an hour's time. The men had hoped for a day of rest under shelter, but there was no grum bling when the order was given, and as there was every indication that the out laws, .fearing the return of Cody, had left the place for good, all were in the saddle ready for the march at the ap pointed time. The storm had not wholly obliterated their trail, and reaching the barrier it was seen that there were the tracks of a single horse going off in another direc tion. "That ghost leaves a trail." said Cody, nointins to the tracks, for they were fresh, and evidently left by the weird guide when he returned to put the warning upon the door. As they went along, Cody saw how easy it was for his to have gone astray in the storm at the point where he did ; for there were two tracks of lowland branching off together, and he had taken the one to the left, as there was a large snowdrift in the other one. Officers and men all saw this also and commented upon U. Riding at as shriek a pace as they could, the snow iii places was so deep they could not hope to reach the little camp much before night; but the sun had com# out bright, and there was every Indication that a thaw would fol low very quickly In a day or two when the weather moderated, as the icy storm was weeks in advance of the season, and in fact heavy snowstorms were seldom known in that part of the country. It was nearly sunset when the tired remnant rode into the camp. They were warmly greeted, for one of the scouts had gone off that day to re connoitre, and had seen at a distance a large band of Indians, evidently retreat ing to the mountains for shelter from the storm. Surgeon Powell at once looked after the wounded, and announced that they were able to travel, and it was decided to retire early and make a start with the first peep of dawn. This they did, the litile band leaving the camp that had served thein so weil at the first peep of day. Cody set a good, steady pace, and as he reached the noon camp ordered half a dozen of his scouts to be ready to strike \out, when they resumed their march, upon separate trails; for Lieutenant Sea ford had decided to send warnings to the mining-camps, the settlements, and along the line of the stage trails, as they would thus be put upon their guard a day sooner from that poinit than they could possibly be should he await to reach the post. CHAPTER XXXI.— THE WARNING HEEDED. Colonel Ferris sat in his warm quarters with his adjutant, Captain Guy Noland, and his niece, Ethel "Willis, watching the terrific storm that was raging with out. "I was wrong to let them venture, but who would have thought such a blizzard would have kept up so long tills early in the winter?" said the colo nel. anxiously. "I have such faith in Cody, sir, that " «lihey will come through all right," Captain Nolan remarked. "Then he has with him Surgeon Powell, uncle, and he is a host in him self; while both Seaford and Emory are good officers, and the whole com mand are picked men," remarked Ethel. Willis, a beautiful girl of eighteen, the belle of the post, who had won the heart of every man, woman, and child in the garrison. "I admit all that you say, Ethel, as to the scout, officers, and men ; but they have Nature to subdue in fighting this storm, and the contest is too unequal, for we have had three days of it now." "See, uncle, the snow has ceased, the wind is losing its strength, and there is a break of sunshine in the clouds," cried Ethel. The colonel and Captain Nolan sprang to the window where she stood, and saw thoit it was as the young lady had said. "The storm is certainly over, and it has doubtless ended with them in the mountains sooner than here. Yes, and we shall have a clear sunset," the colo nel said. The sun did set in a clear sky, and the next day it was a beautiful one, and the snow began to meit. The colonel and Ethel had just risen from dinner — for she was his housekeeper, having been left to his care when site was an orphan child, and had been the joy of his bache lor life ever since — when Captain Noland came in hastily, and said : "Pardon me, colonel, but Scout Brad ford has just come op from the command which he left twenty miles from here at noon, and has this note from Seaford for you." The colonel eagerly took the letter and read aloud: "We pushed on to Cody's Camp and found there a band of about two hundred Indians, and gave them battle — will re port fully upon return— and next night were guided to outlaw camp in storm by Cody's Ghost Guide, who left us a warning that the Indians would attack the fort and settlements as soon as the thaw came. We have reason to feel that the information is correct, and in sending this information to you I also despatch scouts along the stage-line to the settlements and1 mining-camps to give warning, as from here they can get the news far quicker than from the post. "We expect to be in about nightfall, and I would urge, sir, that the Ghost Guide's warning be regarded with full confidence. Cody just reports that our retreat Is. being wptchea'by several b;tnds of Indians shCltering in the monn- Ihins from .the storm."'.' . ) 'H3bod for" Seaford!" exclaimed the Cd-. 'lonel, when he -had finished reading the. lieutenant's letter, "It .is now three o'clock, and they will be here by" 'slx doubtless. -They. went to the' outlaws' retreat, then, and' had a brush with the red-skins. It is hard to believe that this Ghost Guide can be right about the In dians; but I will heed the warning, and all must be prepared at once to resist at tack, Noland, while couriers must he sent to the camps, settlements, and along the stage-lines in case Seaford's men fail to get through. Send Scout Brad ford here, and I wall talk with, him, for we must learn more of the expedition." The scout came in, looking haggard and hard worked. He was a fine-look ing fellow, and in a few words told his story of the expedition, and added, in his frank way : "Them red-skins is going to hit us, co lonel, and hit us hard; and without the warning we got of their coming, they would have swept us clean off the earth." The colonel and his adjutant waited to hear no more, but visited every part of the post, put the officers and men on their mettle, strengthened weak places, and left noth ing undone to give the red-skins a sur prise, where they expected "to have all their own way by striking a blow with a large force when they were supposed to be harmless and gone into winter quar ters. It was just nightfall when the com mand marched in, and they were looked upon as heroes every one of them, if only for facing the fury of such a storm. Without delay the two officers. Sur geon Powell and Cody, went to head quarters and had a long talk with Colonel Ferris, the chief of scouts re marking: "I am glad, colonel, that the warning was heeded so promptly, for from what I saw I am sure that the foot -bills are sheltering large bands of Indians waiting for a swoop upon the post, camps, and settlements, sir." CHAPTER XXXII.— THE ATTACK. When Colonel Ferris saw how much in earnest Cody and those with him were to heed the warning of the Ghost Guide of the Mountains, he did all in his power to be ready for the red-skins should they come upon their raid. His disappointment at not finding the outlaws in their retreat was more than compensated for by having met and de feated the Indians In the mountains, and having been able to get warning of their intended swoop. Cold as the night was, and worn out as he was, Cody volunteered to go on a ride to the settlements and add another warning of danger; but this Colonel Ferris would not listen to, and in the ur gency of the case despatched an officer and two soldiers to make the ride and be sure that there was no mistake. The next morning Cody and some of his scouts went out to reconnoitre, and when they returned at noon reported no sign of Indians, that the snow was melt ing rapidly, and yet that it was just the time for a raid of red-skins, as they could catch the fort and the camp wholly off their guard as they believed. "And it will come to-night, sir, if at all," Cody added, firmly. "Well, we are prepared for them here, and my couriers are coming in from the camps and report that all are ready for an attack, though it is hard for any one to believe that the Indians intend to swoop down from the mountains at this time." Night settled down upon the fort, with all prepared to be called to arms at any moment. Cody and all his scouts were out after nightfall, going on foot so as not to at tract attention. The chief of scouts had gone alone, giving orders to his men not to venture more than half a mile away from the fort, and to thus encircle it, keeping within call of each other, and be ready to give the warning to fall back should any one make a discovery. The chief of scouts had ventured a lit tle further tliaii he had told his men to go. The night was cool, but not freez ing. and the walking was bad, but the trail he was on led towards the moun tains and was the only one by which the Indians would doubtless come. Suddenly he halted, for he distinctly heard the- splash of hoofs. He gazed fixedly ahead and saw a horseman com ing into view. "My Ghost Guide, as sure 'as death!" said the scout, and from his hiding-place he felt that he could hold up then and there the weird horseman. "I'll treat him squarely as he has me. But why is he coming here, I wonder?" muttered the scout Then he called out: "Ho, Friend Ghost, I am Cody, and I am alone!" The white horse was brought to a sud den halt, and half wheeled at the first sound of the scout's voice. But the words seemed to reassure the rider, and he hesitated, and then came in a deep voice, most sepulchral in sound:" "Colonel Cody, heed the warning I gave you. The red-skins are not half an hour's ride away, and moving to attack the fort in large numbers. The camps and settlements will also be attacked at the same time." As the last word was uttered the white horseman" wheeled, and rode away in the dark ess as he had come. Instantly Cody turned and retraced his way back to the circle of scouts. He gave the signal to fall back, and they were soon all just outside the post. "Men, the red-sltins are coming. Keep a close watch, and fall back into the post the moment you see them approaching. AIT wi ll be ready ..then;", jmjl so saying the scout-entered thestockade gate, and ;at once . told, the officer of theday that tfie'Indians. were coming,. Going -oh '"tb the colonel's-' quarters, he ' told him of his meeting the ghostly guide, and word, was -at once sent round to call ' all the garrison silently to" arms. . In fifteen minutes -the whole force was ready and soon after the scouts came in and reported that the Indians were sur rounding the. post. Thus the moments passed, until sud denly there was heard the tramp of rushing hoofs, and at the word of com mand a circle of flame flashed out, and' hundreds of carbines and rifles rattled forth death, while the artillery belched ortli shells that burst in the midst of the mass of warriors and ponies. i The red-skins had made iheir swoop, and expecting to crush their foes, bad suddenly been hurled back by striking against a wall of fire, lead, and iron, that cut them down without mercy. CHAPTER XXXIII.— MISSING It was an appalling moment for the red-skins — one of terror, frenzy, and des pair—for they had plotted their raid skil fully, had planned -well, and while seve ral other bands were to swoop down up on the mining camps, surprise and raid them, the main . force, fifteen hundred! warriors strong, had attacked the out posts. The other bands, having done their red! work, were to sweep up the valley to the post and join their main body. Then a retreat could be made from there loaded down with booty, the braves armed with captured rifles and weapons of ail des criptions; while they would drive back to their fortresses horses and cattle by. the hundred, take many prisoners, and have scalps galore to hang in their te pees. For days, all through the fearful bliz zard, the Indian bands had bidden in the canyons of the mountains— freezing, suf fering from hunger, and bearing untold hardships. They had seen their weaker- comrades- die from the bitter cold, and they had grimly looked on and bore all, for the time of revenge was at hand. At the appointed time the different bands were to strike their blows, and the next day all, laden down with plunder and drunk .with a red revenge, were to meet at the post and hasten back to their mountain stronghold before another ter rible blizzard should strike them. Imagine, then, their rage, disappoint ment and terror when, expecting to sweep right into the unsuspecting out post, they were met by a storm of Jead and iron far more deadly than the bliz zard. They recoiled as the flame of hundreds of rifles and the blaze of a dozen can non flashed in their eyes, and they stag gered and went down under the pitless storm hurled upon them by their pale face foes. 1 Desperate at their being surprised where they meant to surprise, they made another charge -and actually broke in a£ one point, getting over the stockade gates; and beating back the force there; they threw open the massive gateway, for the rush of their comrades. But when they believed, after all. that they had gained a victory, that it was to be a hand-to-hand fight now, with the soldiers greatly outnumbered, the loud notes of a bugle rang out, the men ol the fort answered the call and ran rapid ly back and to either side of the stock ade gate. Then half a dozen cannon poured a terrible fire upon the mass of . red-skins. Shell burst in their midst, driving ponies to frenzy with wild cries of rage and despair they fled for their lives, and the men of the post had won the battle. Then again rang that dread bugle, and out of the stockade gateway daslicd two hundred troopers, revolver in one hand and drawn sabre in tlie other, while upon their flanks rode two-score of scouts. Then it became a stampede, and when the Indians were in full rout, flying for their lives, a recall of the troopers was sounded, and down the valley tliey went to meet those coming from tlie camps and settlements, and with them were a copule of six-pounders to do effective work. It was just dawn when Cody, who was leading, sent back word by one of the sc-outs that the Indians were coming and in rapid retreat, and at once the com mand proceeded to pounce upon them." Tlie Indians advancing up the valley showed by their rapid retreat that they- had alsa'been surprised at the camps and settlements, and beaten off. But they, hoped that thSir main force had cap. tured the fort, and they were hastening to join them, wlien suddenly in tha. , grey dawn of day they saw red flames shoot out from the dark timber ahead, the roar of cannon was heard, then shells burst in their midst, followed by, the rattle of two hundred carbines. Ere they could colect their scattered senses the bugle sounded the charge, and the troopers dashed out of the timber, and with sabre and revolver were upon them. Then followed a wild stampede, and to add to their horrors, the leaden clouds overhead began to sencl down snowy flakes, while the wind rising warned tlie troopers that they must re treat rapidly to the fort. , "Chief Cody bids me say, sir. that he will pursue with his scouts, and Lieu tenant Seaford wiil accompany him, sir,"- reported a courier to Captain Taylor who commanded the troopers. ' > " All right ; but I h poe that! they will not venture far, ag we are to have another bliz zard," responded Taylor; and with hi dead and wounded, who were few hA retreated to the fort, carrying the hews, that had come to him from the" settle ments and camps, that, thanks to the warning -sent them, thP miners and settlers had readily beaten off the at tacking red-skins. # _ Tlic troopers reached the post in sl blinding snowstorm, and all day a watch jvas kept for the return of- Cody and his Scouts. But darkness came on and they did mot appear, and just at midnight a shout was heard without ,and there stood a scout, who reported Lieutenant Seaford and Cody either killed or captured, and the scouts in camp awaited to be sent from the post. CHAPTER XXXIV. — NO TIDINGS. "Our grand victory will indeed be Clouded if it is true that Cody and Sea- ford are killed or captured, for the lat ter is as bad as the first." So said Colonel Ferris when the scout reported to him that the young officer and Cody were missing, and that Nick Norcross, who was in command of the scouts, had camped in the mountains and sent him back for aid. "Tell me exactly how it occurred, my man," said the colonel. "Well, sir, Chief Cody sent word to Captain Taylor that he would push on in pursuit of the red-skins, and Lieutenant Beaford said he would go with him, and did. We pushed the reds hard, for they supposed the cavalry were on their trail also, and when we reached the foot-hills, p-e divided forces. "The chief and lieutenant, with four scouts, went on one trail, and Norcross and the rest of the men on the other, for we knew the trails met some miles be yond. Well, sir, we reached the spot where we saw the trails meet ,and not five minutes behind the reds, who had It aken the trail the others had followed. But Chief Cody's party was no,t there, and Norcross at once sent men back on the trail to meet them. "A scout soon came back reporting that the Indians had ambushed -them, for all the signs were there of a hot fight, and two dead scouts were found, the snow rapidly covering them up. The horse of Lieutenant Seaford was found dead, the saddle and bridle gone, and haif a. dozen dead Indian ponies lay around, but the braves who had fallen had been carried off by 'their retreating comrades. It was snowing hard, brt Norcross at once sent me back with tne news. sir. and he pushed on in pursuit, leaving five scouts at the place where Lhe chief was ambushed, and where he asks you to send aid." "I can send aid to get Norcross and his men back, and in this storm they will need it: but we can do nothing now I fear.- for Lieutenant Seaford and Cody," said Colonel Ferris sadly, and he at once called his officers together and talked Over the situation. There could be but one opinion, under the circumstances, and that was that it .would be madness, in the face of the se vere blizzard ,to send a force, however, strong, into the mountains to pursue the Indians, though a few hot-headed young Officers wished to go at all hazards. It was .therefore, decided to send Lieu tenant Emory and a troop after the scouts. Surgeon Powell accompanying them, and a liberal supply of provisions and camp equipage being taken in cass the party should have to camp there Until the storm was over, and the snow had settled so that they could return. So, little more than an hour after the Scout's arrival with the fatal news. Lieutenant Emory rode out of the fort with bis troopers, and the Surgeon Scout was by his side. The man who had brought the bad tidings led the way, and those in the garrison who watched them ride off in the darkness and blizzard feared for their safety as well as for those whom they went to rescue. The storm ended the second day, but the snow was deep, and all nature pre sented a. most dreary aspect. That the retreating Indians had suf fered terribly all knew, for they were hampered in their retreat by many wounded, and the supplies they had brought with them had been drawn hea vily upon while awaiting for the first blizzard to blow over, when they were in hiding in the mountains. (To be continued.) 