GIN AMD GINGER. (Br 'Xanthobbcea a. Bung.') Since I last penned my lucubrations for this column I have been badly bitten by tbe muse. I can't say if it caino in com pany with the neuralgia fiend which has: been roosting over my head a lot lately, but anyway it oime some time, and here it has remained. Consequently during the last few days every time I have put my pen to paper I're found it running off into iambics and strophes, and hexameters and other extraordinary concerns. Now, if during any «f this stutt you find me break ing into song— song! Great Scott — you will know the reason. * * * I eair a fanny thing tbe other day, It it peculiar how one is forced to laugh when hi seet anyone come a cropper in the street He might break his preciois nook, but laugh yeu io,ust at the 'terribly undignified figure be outs. T'other day I wse strolling along Cleveland-street when a dashing oyolitt passed by. fhere was also a lady and a cat— but, eteady, tbe muse wftrketh : A GAT-A6TBOPHE. Only a eyclitt gigantic, Astride on his smooth- rolling wheel, Eroing sideways a maidtn romaotio, At he drives on his swift steed of steel - Only a poor little tabby, Blinking slyly aorou Chs smooth street, Htc mottled fur dirty and shabby. Out the darts from between the girl's fttt. Only a tky-rooktt header, While the maiden juatstandsstilland stares, A poor feline, who couldn't be doadat. And a whopping big bill for repairs. ? ? ? A girl friend of mine, who is engaged to be married, bad a letter from her fiancee recently. Ho is away at present going through a course of bathing for his health. Evidently be is midding, for fait letter rah this wise : I'm sitting in this style, Mary, The hathman by my aide; And if you taw me now, Mary, You would not be my bride. They call it hatching health, Mary, I cannot tell yen why ; There's water to my waist, Mary, And water in my eye. ? * e Tbe Sydnev theatres are pretty busy just now, and the town ie packed with Thespians. Monday is a very popular day with pros., for reason Why — Of all the dart that's ia a week, Your aetor loves but one day; And that'a tht day that comes between Ihe Tutedly and tht Sunday. For then he's dressed all in his best, And round the ' block' he'll dally; The ghost has walked, and he doth ? part ' For half-pints for the ballet. ? * * A Chioago paper annonnoes tbat there are over 3000 vceaiera of glass eyes in tbat city. Further, it states tbat their sale is increasing every day. About 20 light eyes are used to one dark one. Ho! the banjo olease, and may Ben Johnson's oorpse lie aHlL Wink at me only with glass eye, And Til respond with mine, And smile not when the harmless fly Goes crawling over thine. I (pre not for the color there. Dark brown, ot black, or bint, Or even it you wink, ma chest, With *yf of difitrtni hue. I lent thee late a new gists tri, Impervious to the Utt. iTinged with tomt new iesljtsrit! dy« ''? And-qmtetob utttr €ejtf. ? ? f eu'H wear it won'tyou, vrhm Tin tbink. How faithful it mult ss, For it it warranted to wink At nobody but me. ? ? ? ? I had a delightful tame monkey for a very long time, but tbe beggar cleared out tbe other day, talcing his cord with him. I've not »eta him since. I used to keep him tied in the yard, oooasionMIy letting him out for a run, to the delight of all tbe kiddies in the neighborhood. I am sad and lonely without iny pet, and delight set in man, nor woman neither. From informati6n received I gather he dis appeared shortly after the advent in our street of a hurdy-gurdy man, Jacko usad to belong to an organ-grinder one time, so perhaps he his. left me to return to his first love; or it may be that he only skedaddled to be beyond tbe reach of tbe maBio man's ken. However — but stay; It may be my truant monkev, Will oome back to me again ; It may be he only skedaddles When he hears the organ men, ? * * The poor scribe is always in trouble. I'm in a dtuoe of a holt just new. My Washer-lady has discharged tte, and now my bash-house mistress hat told me 1 mutt pay up the twelve weeks rent I owe or paok up and be off. It's a bit of a fag undoubtedly, and this 'Mosstrooper' k&oweth; not what to do. One of the 'Mos&ttoeper;' rules rune: ' We will drink with thee, fight with thee, yea and blaspheme With thee, but pay— perish the thought, Land-ladies are so terribly wide-awake now that it IB a matter of ex treme difficulty for one to get avay and take hjt goods and chattels vitb him. Times are not the old times by any mesas. The world is getting too beastly oiviliaed altogether, and ? goadly Mosstrooper has no place, and no sympathiser!, on this footetoel, now. Ah, well— but stay, one more etave, and then adieu for this week : Oh I don't you remember the days when 'Bolt1 Wat the dodge that did landladies ? brown,' Wk«n on ? tnuury ' moral we have oft ?thot the moon,' And been off to a new part of town. Tht old vatohmta alwaya would let ua then bolt. Of our aotiaus no knowledge would own, ButpbliMmea are bo wide-awakt no*. We should surely bt oiugut ere we'd flown, Oh ! don't you remember oar tradesmen, whtn 1 Bo.lt' Was the Way to stop duu for small billt — Whtn they knew thai to claim their demands would entail Declarations, oourMtts, sad fluoh ills f Ths system has gons to decaf, and when ?Bolt' It tht rule, or tomt game of tht. tort, They straight brfog an action, and ut they.. eat take .^ For contempt ot a Tile Ditttiot Oouru *?* Oh, don't yon renumber the dtys when 'Bolt' Was the word that the billmen o'erthrew— Whtn we left our aooep ttnoe, ne'er fearing a writ, Aad iu the bult etuAtry beards We gtew ? But that Is thought nothing, and now when ?Bait' W» do, w* the law can't defy ; Pot the bailiff and polloeman up and pursue The debtor whttettt he fly. ' Our gallant sailors all look bettor eiooo itfktag WohoU*1 Jaanuuiiai .DaRdtUoM Alt.* 