spyf H-. ^4:ustraua'; : (Ilyj 'PHAETON.1'! !?. ADELAIDE, Satui-day: ! Three ot tne soutn.wuotrallanCup enndi-. dates were seen put; at, Tattorsall's meeting on. .Saturday, last... Tho. fourth, BleUBlniau; Was iiot soon under.sllk. Trapper, Princess of AVales, and Blrksgate all ran .In-.'-Tattei1-. sail's Octobbr :Cup, and; I am. afraid .tha form, shown, by, tho two candidates for. the two ,big Clips of tho Spring will not cauue any. local mpn'oy. .to follow them acioss the border.- John Ilill.'has' Princess, of Wales looking' tvoIII and . no one will :now -.wimr. :fn call her a, littlb ragged: black maro. Sho has wliitorod well; and Is now a thick,' ro bust-looking more, showing a good deal of .quality. Birksgato- does not look- a Cup horse.. jHo is -one of the loosoly-couplfil sort, and despite '.Ills good MelbPurnd Cup gallop of last week, : does not : look Hkti a stayer In a truo-run two mllo 'ratio. ' Trap per, is a. banging; big, plain-looking coldlng, by ; Morloohio'-. Biro ? from Pralrlo Itosn. Without doubt, he has Improved woudorful lysincb he cainolo Adelaido from Brokbir Hill, ?! aud- . few who saw him beat Staffa at Morphettyilio could bellovo they wero looking at the stimohoroo whe-n they saw. -tho ibis 'follow' stripped in 'the binl edgo .last: Saturday: ? He did. a largo train j. of somp han'drcda of miles into Broken Hill and arrived both fobtsoro and raggedlook ing. Sinco coming to Adelaido good food arid good tricks have made lifo a luxury to Mr.' T. C. ' Tail's ' Melbourno Cup candinnt e. To get back to the race. Trapper failed In the ratio' race al the Hunt Club mecthii; at Morphettvlllo on. tho previous Saturday, but Mr. Tail thought tbo extra quarter ot a mllo oC Tattcrsall's Cup would suit him, and ho thought lib would win; Trapper went out favorite, but so many of tho other thirteen runners were backed that ho start ed at -i lo 1. ? .'When they got going Princess ; of Wales wont to the front, and as 3I10 led ; furlong after furlong all the. experts on 1 tho Press stand; 'Who have- seen her gallop! one and . threb- quartor miles, 'and keep iiij front from end to end, . declared that- stiu j would never bo headed. But when they had ? passed tho mllo post Mr. James' mare fell i back, and Thunder King came on from. Gntillo, another of the St. Swithin trlbo. Security, ( 'and trapper. .' At the pickets , Willis shook Trapper up, and tho big fel- 1 low, putting in a few of his long strides, conic away and won half-extended by two 1 lengths fi'oni'tho consistent but unlucky j Thunder Kins. ' -A. length and a quarter away little Security wan third, and his two stable companions, Gntillo «nd Viking, were on the laltor's heels. The dividend was .EC 3u. -Ulrksgafce -run dlsappolnttagly,. aiul so did Princess of Wales, If that is her best form. ' ' Poor old Stockings etime to grief in tho Steeplechase. Rood had tho chestnut pretty well, and bo told me; in the paddock when he war, saddling the gelding that ho I'houKlit ho would win.- He was going woll, but' comins to tha logs in front ot tho stand he stood oK and crashed into what looked liko immovable timber. . Striking il with bi:s chest. Ire tb.cn taught the logs behind, anil dragged them down with him. Stockings : ciimo down with Rt'ed's leg under him. -The- rider tried to get It out, but falling, with great prcoonco of mind caught hold' of tho horse's ht-ad and held It - down 1.111 aid i cams. Rccd was only badly wounded and j shaken, but- poor old ' Stockings' near ln-r wan shattered high up, and a bullet --ended the chf.'otuufn career. Stockings Vas an agsd sclding, by Hamlet's Ghost from Minn Twist. Last year he -won the three mile steeplechase at the'' A.R.C Cup ''meeting, and twice he got a placo In tho A.R.C. G.N. Steeplechase. -Darkle, who, since he won at Mooncp Valley some time back, has failed to win, led from end to end, and thus made somo amends to' Mi-. W. Mullen for his many disappointments with the Ladas— Melody gelding. Supple Jack was a strong favorite; being backed down lo 7- lo ?!, Eclipse and Stockings' ranking next at'G lo 1\. so that tho supporters of Darkle got over 10 to 1 for their money. Tho Trial Stakes fell to the Broken Hill-' owned lsluuacl, : who beat a big Held. Ho divided tho honor of 'being favorite with Glaukopls, triad they, ran first and second, the dividend being £-i :is. Later In the afternoon lshiaael .completed his double by capturing the Spring Handicap with-2st 'oft his back. IIo wasa'bit lucky in winning, as Trapper: who -was .put for his accond raco, fell:'- and Interfered ? with tho -favorite,- who' still managed1 to run third. A great battln resulted between iB.'imao! aud a:iother Broken Hill horse la Trapper's -. stable companion, Hide-n-Wce.- but Lho former won by a nock, with Blue .Blood only a head away. ''third. . Istaiiael paid the nlna dividend of £24 !!s In n' field ot oiBhlben. Ishmaol was bought- l;y Mr. John 'VVeather- all after tlio race, and he has Joined Mr. Jenkins' stable. He Is a well bred gelding, being by Prodigal, by St. Albans, by. Blair At'nol. Ho Is out of Doris by Alphany, by The Marquis, by Stockwell. Rhodbn. Thackaringa. and Wlrrawa were all backed in the Hurdles, but the winno'r turned up in Prairie Boy, who took com mand two furlongs from home and reward ed Mr. R. Howle'n supporters with a divi dend of £10 3s. Sunny Morn was a strong order for tho Juvenile Handicap, but Mr. James' filly ran out of a place. Tarlock, who did a good gallop at Morphettvlllc du ring tho week, had a good following; and won. Tarlockls the first of the young Broken Hills to score. She is out of Virago, a mure who onco carried the bltio and cream Jacket of Mr. H. A. Barnett. The dividend wan £7 19a. ' . . ?' Charles CJuInn left. by the Melbourne ex press on Monday for Caulfleld, whore ho will look after Halnault and Once More..!?. Biirr, who is to steer Mr. M: Gritfen's Jum pers in tho slslor colony, took his departure by 'the same. : . ? ? John Hill left for Molbourno on Thurs day, taking with him the Melbourne and Caulfiold Cup horses Princess of Wales and Hieusl'uran.' and tho two-year-old filly Sunny Morn. Mr. James' was disappointed at the way Princess ot Walos ran .In the Oc tobor Cup, but Hill, I believe, is by no means cast down. ???.. ? SilvcrUiorne, Who won tho Huut Club Handicap tor: Mr. llertlc'Barr-Smlth. 'lan been:sent to Mclboiirno to run lu Uio'Hiiu't Stoepleehnse' on Wodiiosdiiy. Mr. Tom M'Flo left by tho Melbourne express to-d'i.y to ride the roan, Svho should Just about win this race. ' '. ' ??' . . At Tattci'sall's meeting last Saturday ths sum of.iiOSSO went through the Totulisatoi', as against £IUS9 10s invested at tho some fixture in.lS97. Tho dividends were good, £2-1 Ss, £11 0s, and £10 2s. : .. ? ' 