SOME OLD LANDMARKS. THE WINDMILL AT ENCOUNTER BA\\. [By ax Australian.] Break, break, break on thy cold, grej ?tonu, 0 nut; i Ami tnrald that ray tongue could utter the thought* that arUe in me. Standing among the sandhills, almost within a stone's throw of the beach and midway between Port Victor and the Blutf, is a wind mill—a relic of peculiar interest. If not the oldest it is certainly the must picturesque and conspicuous of all landmarks now standing to call to mind the early settlement of that wild, romantic, and lovely bay in whoso waters the first great explorer of our coast. Captain Flinders— whilu cruising in the- Investigator in 1SO*J— fell in with a French party in the Ireographe under Captain Baudm. lhat was the incident which siu^twtod to Captain 1'lindors th«- name of ' Encounter' B.xy. As thu Kronen wore in the Bay beforo Flinders arrived they claiinel the discovery; but it was left to Flindera to find out and survey tho mouth of the River Murray, which runs into tho opposite aide of the hay. From this point at a later day Sturt and his brave band— after tracing the river from its source through thousands of ciilcs of wild country peopled by wilder men — gazed upon tbe viist oxpanro of heuviug bluo which toiil them that tboir self-imposed task was accomplished, and the secret of the mighty watercourse laid baro before them* It was also the spot destined to furnish romo of tho saddest and most tragical records of early colonial life. Hero tho ill-fated Maria wm lost an -I her crow murdered by the blacks while lighting with the fearful surf which for cvor itreaks along tho nhoro. Hero, too, Captain Darker, whiki out with a survey party, swam over 'the river to tako sorao bearings, and was lost to view among tho sand hijle. and uovor seen again by his comrades. His fato was never known, but the natives said that whon they attacked him he a^ain took to the water, but wasspoared through the h.vly and afterwards flung out to sea. ll»re also ono of our pioneer Judges, Sir John Jeffeott, after passing throntrh the mouth of tho rivor in a whaleboat, was drowned as a result of an accident in the Ijoat when it was thought the worst had been overcome. TIIE WHALES. Standing by the old mill one notes the ter rific force with which tbo billows of the Southern Ocean hurl themselves with impo tent fury upon the 'cold grey crags' of Seal Uock, Granite Island, and Port Elliot, and finds small cause for wonder when told that before the breakwater was built many ships were driven from their anchorage during the gale* and became total wrecks on the Port Kl hot rocks; hut tho spot whore the old mill sr.iuda can furnish brighter records. From the South Australian Company's Station a little further along the beach the young colony in 1837 sent her tirst tiny cargo of 14 tons of Bjwnn- whale oil via Hobart to London. This was our initial exportation of any kind. A few old fecttler* still tell exciting stories of the whalers— worthy sons of the Vikings, from whom their fathers sprang. They ruined through tbe « tor my waters in their narrow bnati in pursuit of themonstersof thedeeo. and sf-cnt their lives in encounter and excitement. Tin) whirligig of time hai brought aroundapjt changes ainco then. Tbo harbour is nownio fashionable watering ? place of the colony. Kai'ways, hotels, bathing-houses, aud pleasure yachts have been provided in contract to tbe mud hut, the bullock-dray, and the whaleboat. fine by one the landmarks of these rude times have been obliterated by the remorseless years. The old mill aloue, shorn of its sail* and machinery— a mero crumbling pile of stono— remains to link tho uncouth past to the refined present. I know not why, but standing thus by theo, It seems at if I li.ul thino initialed Known ; . . . Ami oth-r. lays eomo back to me With recollected music; though the ton* I.i dunged ami xoleinu. Wo are earned back to the days when, amid dangers and difhcultiiM of which we can have no idea, our fathers toiled to build up beneath the Southern Crow* a home and a State- worthy of tho bedt traditions of our race. TOUT VICTOR'S BEOlSNtXC The story ot thu first settlement of the Bay has been told many times, but its hintr-ry is so full of interest that it will boar repetition. As tjuforo mentioned, the first .«ottli:nu.-nt was tho whaling station, the in dustry comprising both the npurtn and black whale. During the Grot season HO tons of oil was secured, and the oiticial returns of South A ustralian exports during tho rears 1838-40 are as follows:— 1.S.-W— Total, £5,010 (whalebone mid oil, 1*1,270); lS3U-Total, £D,ltio (whale l«no ami oil, £8,815); 1&10— Total, £15,(550 (whaleliono and oil, £ii,9J0). During the first, livo years, ont of a, total of £70,000, the whale nVnory furnished Cl'ti, UK), or more than a third of our total exports. Tho station was broken up many years ago, for tho constant porsecu tinn to which the fish were subjected drove them from their old naunti. Now and then a stray nnu Hits liko a ghost across the old grounds, but for many yoars their visits have Ikhjii few and far between. Although some distance from tbo situ, and quite independent of thu indiintry. yet u it was built while the li.slu-ry wait ntill nourishing the old mill is tho only distinctive landmark remaining to recall tho days when— surrounded by hundreds of savagi-H, on a storm-worn coast, shel tered only by rudo huts — a band of rough sailors and bushmen faced the ntofni, and wrung from tho heaving sea the Gr.it saleable commodity produced in South Australia. Some of theae men had soon batter days, ami boru marks of a good educa tion, hut on tho wholo they wore a rough, carHewi, profane rot, 'who had dono with hop.i and honour, ami wore lost to lovo and Truth.' PILGRIM FATHERS AND MOTHERS. Leaving this industry, and coming to the more permanent settlement, we fiud that during Ddccmbor, 1838, the first shipload of agricultural settlers left England by the Sir Charles Forbes, a ship of 400 tons burden, carrying 200 souls besides the crew. After a voyage of 1G0 days they arrived at Port Ado laide about the middle of thu following June. This was beforo tho ocean greyhounds— those 'swift shuttles of in Empire's loom that weave ua main to main'— wero evon thought of. The ships in which man and womou were packed for six months on end were small, evil-amolling tubs, 'leaking liko a lobster pot, and steering liko a dray. ' However, they arrived, and tho Kov. U. Now I and and his Carty of about thirty people were advised y Governor Gawlcr to taKo up land at Encounter Bay, which he thought would become tho second port of the colony. Thoy did so, and transhipped with thoir stores to a small craft, the Lord Hobart, which was chartered to take thorn round to their now home. Three mon wero dispatchod via Myponga, under tho guidance of a couple of blacks, with a cow, four bullocks, and some sheep and goats. They arrivud at tho^ ' Bln!f ' in a somi -starved condition three d.iys in ad vance of the ship. Ono who was there at a boy thus describes the advent of the main party:— 'The natives lined the boach to the con sternation of tho women and children. It took days to lr.nd tho stores, and in tho moan time a site for the tents was boing cleared on a riso now known as Kooling's section. When all was readv tho women and stores were taken up in the buUookdray, but the man told o'F for this work goc so drunk bofore leaving the ship that he made a sad m-rw of it, an.l lo-t his way among thu bends of thu Inman River. Just as it was growing dusk tho climax was reached, for tho dtay stuck in a hole, and one of tho whsels was wrenched off by the mad efforts of the drunken driver to got it out. He then gavo' it up, and found consolation in sleep. Tho terrified women saw before thorn the prospect of a nijj'it in the bush with no protection and a tribe of ravages in tho neighbourhood, while the sighing of tho wind in tho sheoaks, and tho l)oom ot the not far distant soa upon the rocks lent a dispiriting weirdnoss to the night.' In tho meantima the party at the tents be came anxious, ami search parties began to beat the scrub and raised such a hubbuli that the peaceful creatures inhabiting tho valley must nave thought that pxndomonium had been transplanted to their abode — if they knew what pandemonium mount. After some hours the lost ones were found and taken safoly to thu tents, andsoonded their first day on shore. Tho labour of carting tho luggage through the rough scrub to the tents was long and heavy. The first crop, which was sown as soon as povfiile, was a failure owing to tho imperfect ploughing, a bad season, and the ravages of animals, and altogether the first year's work was most disheartening. The life was ox tremely rough and the food was coarse, while I their only noitrbbours were tho blacks and the ' fishermen. Hearts as well as backs inuat havo { ached, and many a wistful thought was I turned to the comfort and civilization of tho land thoy had left behind. But they woro not crushed by disappointmnnS, for in their veins ran the blood of some of England's sternest Puritans, whose unswerving dovotion to duty in an earlier day had brought a King to the block and swept away a throne. Now, whon the fight was with wild Nature, they met all the reverses of fortune with doggod patience. More land was cloared and broken up, sod walls were erected, and hedges were planted— it i* a pity that this picturesque old English method of fencing was not moro extensively adopted in South Australia— and the following year it was proved beyond doubt that wheat would do well in this district. UILMXG TROUBLES. Next had to bo solved thu prohlom of turning the grain into flour. At first a. kind flf coffee-mill worked by hand was used, but only the coarsest of meal could be obtainod, and flour was looked upon as a luxury to be doled out by the handful to the sick and young child rou. One old man came to the conclusion that it was not possible to separato the bran from the meal, and thorefore a waste of time to crush the srrain, so he re conciled himself to a diet of boiled wheat by saying— ' Thim as God as jined togother lot no man put asunder.' . The other settlers wero not so philosophical. First a bullock-mill was invented, with hugo wooden cog-wheels, beams, and spindles to match, but .the bullocks played havoc with it on tho first flay. After many other attempts wheajt was talus reduced to gnat, but bullocks did not constitute good millpower, and a hollow in the ground bosido a stump is all that is left to mark the site of this first effort to construct a milL Next the old windmill was erected among the sandhills by Mr. Klmore, and for a timo yielded groans and coarse flour in about equal proportion wh-.-n tho wind blew, but never brought its owner a fortune When Mr. Newland imported a steammil1 a few years later it fell into docky. and for many yoars has stood a mere wreck to mark the spot where tho first pi. moors of this in teresting province landed and laboured to win from land and s-.*a tho wealth which awaited those who were strong enousrh to wring from nature her hidden treasure. For sovoral years tho prico of whoat was so high that many settlers did woll, but here as olsowhoro, fanners Haw only the prolific bounty of virg'ii land. They forgot that unless it was allowed to n»t, or was in somo other way replenished, it could not continuo to yiold such cro|» for many years. Tho result was that it soon tiegan to give smaller returns, and as thn price fell the onco flourishing agriculturtl district lost its prestige. Although the Murray trade and tho building of the breakwater post poned for a while the day of reckoning, tho timo carao when the railways of Now South Wales aud South Australia diverted tbo wool trade of the river into other ports. Daring the last ten years Victor Harbour and the nurroundin? district have been chiefly de pendent on the annual rush of visitors who seek among its quiet rooks a short respite from the wearing grind of city life. THE KKWAItD OK MERIT. It is well that, among the modern houses and new ideas which have npruag up here as elsewhoro, somo landmark should be left to perpetuate the memory of a past time when brave spirits toiled and moiled amid dihicul ties, danger*, aud discouragoments, far from home and friends, to establish in these now lands a home for those who should follow nfter. Their work was rude, but its results were great and lasting ; although, so far as the Bay in concerned, thero is little of it now left to tell the story of how they lived. The man who led the' first settlers thither, and by his energy and ability raised a gardon in the wilderness, sleeps beneath the ruin of his first Church, in a neglected graveyard. Of those brave souls who followed him and bora the heat and burden of the day little can be written now — The dust of some is Austral earth, * A Jionjst tli -ir own tney rent ; Thu iauil lhat thanks them for her birth H*» canght them to her breast; Wa can htr. Diiy that trom their clay full many a r&ce; may stirt. To act as bravo a part A fow who came as children may still be found to tell what they thought and spoke, and how others lived, laboured, loved, suffered aud died. Among the landmarks left by those who rocked the cradle of this fair child of the grand old motherland, there are few from whoso base tho eye can command such a fair and widespread picture, or whose history is bound up with *uch a varied record of bravery, suffering, success and failure, comedy and tragedy, as may be culM from the pathetic story of tho early years of the second settle ment established in South Australia. 