? O v-^ A ? FRJDAT, NOVEMBER 13, 1838. DE EOUGEMONT AND JODBNAUS TrC EMTEBWUSE. That ingenious, if dJeingeauous, per sonage, M. Louis de Bougemont, alias Gaea, alias Grin, has, by his startling contributkms to magazine literature^ nused for discussion some interesting: noints relative to the ethics of modern journalism, and the extent to which, journalistic enterprise may fcs poshed without amounting to a fraud on the public De Boogemont's narrative .of his reEiarkaHe Australasian, advea tursB was offered to and accepted by the 'Wide World Magazine,' a publication which professedly submits for the peru sal of its readers only narratives of actual facts, or such a dose approxima tion to auuial facts aathe circumstances ofthe case will permit. A tremendous sen sation was caused by&e; publication of the first instalment of De Bougemont's story, backed np as it was by the Btronge&t; assurances on tbe part of the enterprising Sir George Newnes that the magarine proprietors thoroughly believed in the-good faith of the aothor ad venturer whose cause they had taken up, and wood pay £300 to anyone who could disprwe the truth of his state ments. Following upon this came a mar velloas streak of hick for this modern Munehausen and bis backers. The Bri tish, Association, in a moment of almoftt incredible weakness, was induced to identify its learned and august self with De Rougemont, and, although jthe asso dation made no formal investigation into the singular statemente of the Australasian traveller, yet the patron age which it afforded to him was in itself sufficient to lead hundreds of thousands of people to buy tbe magazine where tbeDeBougemont contributions appear ed. Bvery ridiculing comment appearing in the criticism of contemporary papers only served as a fresh advertisement, which brought in more bags of silver coin to swell the coffers of the ' Wide World Magazine.' As fiction, the De Bougemont narrative was in itself splen did, but as fiction, either pure and sim ple or impure or complex, it would not pay. It was the editorial assurance of its real and »«'*'«J truth, which made the story especially valuable in the eyes of the reading and credulous pub lic, and profitable to the publisher. If it be conceded that tbe astute editor of the ''Wide World MagBMTi'' -was simply humbugged and hoaxed, thaw is an end to the matter. Nothing remains bat to compliment bis employers and himself upon his rare good fortune in having brains of a calibre which prevented the editor observing that the brilliant little Swiss adventurer was perpetrating ahuge practical jokeaponthe-pabiia. There are always some people who wHl believe anything. Dr. Johnson beb»ed.in the Cock Lane ghost, and tiaere are etfll seme people, we understand, who be lieve in Father Long's sacred nngget. Naturally in these dayB of increasing competition the temptation to m«Jr« money out of the publio-creduEty, when the occasion offers, is aLaaug, and in. th& De Bougemont ease appears to have been irresistible to all concerned. If die successful result be held to justify the means, a new departure in journa lism may be confidently expected. It has always hitherto been (be proud -3«?*«igni«aiing feature of British journalism, as opposed to the class of papers most favored by American and continental readers, that accuracy in matters of fact shall be the first thing striven for. When that talented jour nalist, Mr. Greenwood, many years ago described with much graphic detail a, public fight between a man and a fero cious dog at some place in the potter ies, tbe newspaper which published that account was considerably discredited in public opinion by the .subsequent dis covery that the whole tncnlppt was purely fictitious and imaginary; and in more recent times other newspapers have been seriously discredited by th» action of their 'foreign iiniiviqimAiw&f; in supplying copy with strong 'local coloring,' which had been pat-on in Fleet-afreet, in tiuwe cases na&KCJSn; proprietors nor ^he editors were in any way to Mame. They had simply been imposed npon bjunsanpulais sombera of tibeir-etafi, after wrag *U reasoaaUe pcecaataons to protect tbemsetvea and their readers from fraud. In America and on the novti*)'™£ of Europe a differ ent standaxd of what is desirable ie ad mittedly set op. in America she mass of the people ask for news, and pro vided that news be spicily served up, it is not expected that it shall be- neces sarily true in fact. An American reader would undoubtedly prefer that the sensational incidents provided by his daily paper should be true rather than not, even though that truth in volved de blackening for life of the characters of all his leading citizens, but on that point he is not rigidly exi geant. He looks upon the whole busi ness as merely a little literary sauce to aid in the digestion of his always hur riedly discussed and usually badly cooked breakfast. In France there is much the same condition of things, but with a difference. Facts are said even in England to be unpleasant things; but in France it is not the fact itself but the publication of it which is fre quently unpleasant in its consequences to the editor and publisher. The French are a thoroughly logical people, and they recognise that, after all, it is tbe publication of the truth which is usually injurious. The cleverly con ceived 'canard' amuses everybody, and, as nobody believes it for a moment, does no harm whatever to anyone. It leads to the cultivation of the imagina tive faculties, and therefore plays a valuable part in the enlivenment of a somewhat prosaic world. Stfll we may be forgiven for cherishing some time honored British traditions in favor of solid fact as against fiction for the basis of journalism. ? 