' ''??^ tlnrllti in Cli.it.rU ' Tub Soldier's Biiims,^ Piiayeu Book, and Alsiakao. Tho following curious nrticle is taken from an Erglish nowspapor of the year 1773, and is thoro called the 'Perpetual Almanac; or the Soldior's Prayer Book,' by Eichard Lano, a, privato soldier belonging to the 42nd roginiont, who svaB takon beforo tho Mayor of Glasgow for playing cards during divine sorvico : — The sorgennt commandod tho soldiers to ohuroh, and when tho parson redd his pray ,prs and took his toxt, thoso who had a Biblo took it out ; but this soldier had neithor a Biblo nor a Common Prayor Book, but, pulling out a puck of cards, ho spread them out before him. Ho first lookod at ouo card ''Tho sergeant of tho company' saw him, find said : ?Eichard, put up the cards; this is no place for thorn.' ' Nover mind that,' said Eichard. When tbo service was ovor, tho constable took Eichard prisoner, and brought him before the Mayor. '?'? 'Well,' said tho .Mayor, ? whut havo you brought this soldier hero for ?' ' For playing cards io church.' ?.— J Well,\aoldier, what'havo you to sny for '' yourself f-. '- ^. ' Much, sir) I hope.' \v 'Very good; if not, -I will punish you moro than over man was puuishod*' ?I have boon,' said tho soldier, 'about six .weeks on tho march. I have noitber Biblo nb'r.Comnion Prayor Book ; I havo nothing but a common pack of onrds, and I hope to satisfy your worship of tho purity of iny -intentions.' '????- ' Very good,' said tho Mayor. Thon sproading tho cards boforo tho Mayor, he began with tho aco. 1 When I soo tho aco, it rominds mo thero is but one God.' ' Whon I.seo tho deuco, it rominds mo of JFathor and Sou.' i''* ..?.WhetP'X soivfllo-troy, it rominds mo of ?FatherVSon, and. Holy Ghost ' :? 'When I soo tho,,four, it rominds me of tho four Evangelists that preached, viz. :— Matthow, Mark, Luko, nnd John.' - ? When I soo tho flvo, it rominds me of tho firo wiso virgins that trimmed their lumps. There wore ten, but fivo woro fools and wore sent out' 1 NVBenJ^soo tho six, it rominds mo that in six dnys'~thq Lord mado heavou and earth.' ~'^., ^ ? When I soo tlio'Won,' it rominds me that on tho sovonth day God rested from the works ho had mado, aud hallowed it.' .'' 'When I soo tho oight, it rominds mo of tho eight righteous porsons that wore # lived when -God drownod tho tvurld, viz.; — Noah, and his wife, his threo sons aud thoir ' Whon I soo tho niao, it rominds mo of tho nino lopors that woro cleansod by our Saviour. Thtiro woro ton, but uino novor [ returned thanks.' ? Whon I spo tho ton, it reminds mo of tho Ton Oommandmonts, which God hnmlod down to AIosos on a tablo of stoun, ? Whon I boo tbo kiog, it rominds mo of tho groat King of Hoavou, whioh is God I \Vhon I soo tho nuoon, it rominds mo of tho Quoou of Shobn, who wont to honr tbo wisdom of Solomon, for sho was as wiso a womnn ns ho n man. Sho brought with hor fifty boys and fifty girls, nil drosuod in boys' npparol, for King Solomon to toll which wore girls. Iving Solomon sent for wntor for thooi to v.-asb thomsolvcs ; tbo girls washod to tho elbows, and tho boys only to tho wrists, so King Solomottiold by this.' ' Woll,' said the Muyor.&ypu; havo givon a description of every cqxd'au -tho pack 0!t°°\'liat1s that';'' askod the soldior1'. ' Tho kuavo,' said tho JIayor. ,. ? I will givo your honour a doscriptiou.of. that, too, if you will not bo nngry.' I 1 will not,' said tho Mayor, ? 'if you will 'Woll,' said tho soldior, 'the greatost knave that I know of is the constablo who brought. mo horo.' ' I don'tiknow,' said tho Mayor, 'whotber ho is.tlio.groatost knavo, but I know ho is thoKrontost fool.' ' Whon I count how many spots in n pack,' continued tho soldier, ' I find throe hundred and sixty-five— as many as there are days in tho yonr.' ' Whon I count tho number of cards in a pack, I find thoro are fifty-two— as many weolts as there are in a year; and I find four suits — tho number of weokB in tho month.' ' I find thoro are tn-nlvo picturo onrds in tho pack, representing tho numbor of' months in tho yonr; and, counting tho trioks I find thirteen— the numbor of wooks in a quarter. So you see, sir, tbo pack of cords sorvos for a Bible, Almanac, aud Common Prayor Book to mo.' 