OUR DOCTOR. WOES OF THE FLESH. WHAT IS ADVISED. Rlsckhradj, St. Hilda, fe-.k: — 1. A simple way to remove blnelde-ada from Ike Rosa of a young man (211. 2. For Information as ta ccr- talu pills for impurity of tho blood and ner vousness.—!. Uatkti ike parts frequently with j : warn) water an smi va«p. 1 ncn appiy vior- ouh friction with a much, towel, after which smear on a little sulphur ointment; also uko a little sulphur internally each day. 2. Tho pills you enquire about arc certainly good for anocnila. us they contain iron and arsenic. Antwur to M'C'b qucHtlsn In lost Issue. IJutho the hands frequently 'luring the day with boraric acid lotion, then duct sll over with finely jKiwderwl berle acid," and wear, a thiu pair of ftloxra. Also take a little sulphur In- u rually and attend to the general health and Anxious One, Richmond.— Take the following 1 medicine three times u day:— Sulphate of iron, , 2 rrHlnn; sulphate of Itiagticnla, Go grains; hro- fulJv of potash. 29 grains; chloroform water, j H.W., Carlton.—' Take the incillelne advised j to Anxlnux One, Richmond, just preceding. . j . Hopeful, .Mclljourne, writes:—! ata 19 years old, anil for somo time past havo suffered from paliirt In the ujjloii of the heart, sometlujCK he- lew ami fi'iuirtliu'.-s uhovo the livarl. alto under the left shoulder hlndc. Is it Injurious to ride 0 bicycle, which I have 'done for 1$ months?— Your troubles are all probably due to disor ders of dilution, bat there may be !n addition some «Tgaiilr heart diseaav. This Liter can be : dcK-rtiiini'd only by peroonal examination, and your v.istst plan la to uttund for e-t-ifnlnatlon nt otic of tho hospitals before Indulging in vio lent exercise. Rheumatic oaks. If it is safe to take turpen- ; tine Internally, and, If so, how much at a time? 1 waa going to lake soruc tu ree if It would cure stiff Joints, arising from rhaumutkin. I hare used it externally, and it cases the pain' 'n good deal, — The remedy tuken lntefnniiy\ will net improve yoUMuifdlllon. Continue the external applications, nnd take the following medicine thrlcu dally;— Iodide of potash, 19 grains; sal volatile, 15 drops; water, Joz. Reader suffers from dyspepsia and debility, and asks as to diet.— You should. If prohibit, continue taking the mdlclno previously or dered. Cold bathl'tiR will do you good. You hhnuM cat meat only once n day. and then at a meal during which no tea Is taken. Aboriginal writes:— I havo a son who has been subject to a dlsagrc.-anlo tough for eight or nine yours.— Toko tha following medicine when tho cough L troublesome:— Ipecacuanha wine, 19 drops; sal volatile, 15 dro;«; . com pound tincture of camphor. 34 drops: tincture of squills, !") drops; spirit of athcr, 20 drops; Infusion of senega to mrtko loz. Quid Nunc.— 1, Yea. 2. Tako tho medlolno advised to Anxious One, Richmond, In to-day's Issue of this paper Sufferer asks for a cure for ringworms on ariut and face, extending about 2 Indies wide, duration about three weeks.— Apply the follow ing ointment to the affected juris each night and morning: — Chryiarobin, 5 parts;' salicylic ncid, 2 parts;'|cthyol, 5 parts; simple ointment, U»J parts. Rohur oaks:— What is iho moat nourishing fend for a j.crson in dclfralc health, raustd bv the lunge being affected? 2. Arc lemons good in such a ca>e? 3. I perspire nt night a great deal. Is 'thoro anything I can take to stop It being excessive?—!. Take plenty of maltlne and cod liver oil, good rich soups, plcnlv of mill: and the white easily digested meats, with LrlnuTouti puddings, nrc tho most suitable diets, 2. Yes. but not In oxccro. 3. Take the following pill each evening:— Oxide zinc, 3 grains; atropine, 1-109 of a grain; confect of ro/«. 2 grain D.J. Is 0) year old. nnd suffers from w!nd, poor appetite, and cannot 'sleep or rest,— Take the following medicine a quarter of an hour after each meal: — llicurtonato of potash, 10 grains; infusion of gentian, Joz. I.S.D. wants a cure for prickly heat.— Dothe the parts frequently with lead lotion or with vinegar and water. In addltlr.n take the foi- lowing incdlclRO thrice dally:— Sulphate of magnesia, G4 grains: dilute sulphuric add. 19 drop; glycerine, 29 drop; water lo make loz Anxlou.: Annie ask for full particulars shout the ehctrolybls operation for removing the holr from the face, mid a remedy for the hair falling out.-l. You must oersonally consult a surgeon, ho being the only person competent to perform the operation properly. 2. Obtain from the nearest chemist Binic "luiiroentum numb:," and ajiply this night ana Morning after carefully wanhlng and drying the «calp Poor Huboctibcr writes: -» 1. I am troubled about my heart. It beats three or four time aud then misses a best. I aiii in excellent health otherwise, nnd am 21 years of age. PIr.-uo tell tnu thu cause, and alBo tho reir.ody. 2\. NY hat inexpensive measure should I. take to remove n bad odor arising from decayed teeth? —1. It !r Inipoajflhla to advise you without cs- smluatlon. You must personally consult 11 .medical man..' 2.- Consult thu nee/eat. dentist, and have all dreny<<l teeth removed. - Hcpefui. CastleiRDlno.— 1 Take the medicine ad- vlicl 'to Anxlou One, Richmond, in to-day's Utuc of tills payer. . Marguerite writes:— My little boy and girl, nged 4 and S'.i yeatu respectively, have theso Jnitcix or se\cn weeks got very pale and thin. They do net acom Kick, fnly they will nut cat unless forced. Tim hoy capocially Is very lan guid, and sweat terribly at itlfthts. Previous- ly hu was a fine stunt, rosy child, who was never ill. I may mention 1 think ho Is now troubled with thread worms. At times there Is no traro of color In Ids face. The little girl was never stout, but at prcinnt she Is Ilko 11 little ghost, I havo been giving tlictn mostly milk food and plenty -ot milk to drink. NVould wine do any good? If you will kindly tell me whnt to do. and what kind of food is suitable, 1 will be exceedingly obliged.— Con tinue the milk food regularly, and in addition give the children a llttlu cod liver oil and xnsl- tlno Internally, alto n:nm "Follows ryiup of hypophosphUcH." The thread worms will gYa- ' dually disappear by teeing that the bowels nro treguiatly opened daily, and a! so using twice a day an litjoctlon of salt and water Into tho 1 lower bowel. Kola, Melbourne,— Take tho following mix- turn-tlireo time a day after meals:— Citrate of : Iran and ammonia, 6 grains; sal votatilo, 15 drops: tincture of nux vomica, 5 drops: spirit of chloroform, 29 drop; water to inako loz. Anxloun, Swift's Crook, writes:— Last week, . f wuv siting on the arm by what they call a "Jumper," a kind of ant, which Jumps when aroused, dark In color, with two yellow proug or feelers in its head, and ab3Ut the size, of tho ordinary 'house ant.. 'About flvo minutes after I was bitten I foil a tingling' sensation going ut» my arm, which passed through my whole body, which wan Immediately covered with a mass of white lumps, accompanied by a fearful Itching. My Hps nnd fnco also swel led, my lifts cajiccfnlly swelling to ah unormou Mzo, to great, Indeed, that I could scarcely speak audibly. After about half an hour thu lumps gradually disappeared, when my hody became n red a Arc; still itching very much. This grnduully woro away,' but my lips were swollen until next morning. I feel a rlgli ax ever now, but ara.afratd of being bitten again, as there ara hundreds 'of them ' whore i am working. I linve often been stung by tliem before, but thoy never took any effect beyond a slight 'swelling. I was very hot during tho duy. before. What do you think was the cause ot it? Is my blood out of order, or do you ih'nk i wna ntung on a vein?— You undoubtedly re ceived a good dosi) of poison' from the ant, which was quickly absorbed Into' thu system. In futuio Immediately apply lotno alkaline pre- rarution, such as ilg.taasac or ammonln (tho biuc bag I a 'good - domestic rcincilyl, then cover over with a hot foment. Itching will bo relieved by bathing with lead lotion or vinegar. A good dote of Epkutn salt should ho .taken at II., -North Fitxroy. nska' fur a cure'for dan- drhiriTPUie'heail.-CtMnrdlhdTieatt with warm water and loft soap enrh evening, then carclul- ly dry thu M:«lp and rub in thu following oint ment:— Precipitated sulphur, 39 grains; lano- line, loz. . 