Oar Open Column. to ra sptram or m koloxo uooi. I 8m,— Some months ago, wben Reidian rags were industriously circulating falsehoods concerning 'cheap labor in Victoria,' a gentleman in the Molong district clearly proved in your paper that tbe Victorian miners imported to Lucknow had not lowered the rate of wages. And that fact must be well known to tbe pro fessional agitator (W. M. Hughes), seeing that he journeyed to Lucknow on purpose to obtain full particulars of the oase, and do his utmost to widen tbe breach between the minors and tbe manager. Nevertheless, at tbe tail end of some equally valuable matter in tbe Daily Telegraph of the 26th ultimo, tbe gentle genius bas tbis : ' And I showed further that but for a wholesale importation of cheap labour from that home of the blackleg (Victoria) the Lucknow miners would in tbe D.t: of January 16Ch 'X learn that Mr. Hughes ' had never declared for any fiscal policy.' Yet during the Lucknow strike he declared from tbe platform, with an emphasis amount ing to insolence, that ' he would denounce Protection wherever he went.' Furthermore (unless my memory is altogether unreliable) the patriot was a few years ago passing in Forbes as a pronounced Protectioni- 1. At that period be denounced tLe Single-taxers most vigorously. He is now apparently hand and glove with them. In fact, he seems to be a political teetotum whose pocket is his policy, and wbo is prepared to play fast and loose with every principle of political honesty or honor. But the party on which be at present sheds tbe light of his countenance are all tarred with the same brush — from G. H. fieid downwards. Tbey have robbed stuggling farmers in the most scandalous style. Tbey have cujoleri and betrayed wage earners in general. Tbey have turned thousands upon thousands of respectable men into beggars or thieves, and with the aid of tbeir organs they have systematically scattered the most flagitious falsehoods over the surface of N.S.W. Tho very word Freetrade, as used by them is a tbrec-volumo lio in itself. For tbey have simply taken tho duties off foreign goods and placed tbem on the backs of our own producers. And withal, tbeir capacity is not equal to tbe task of rendering their repudiating legisla tion into plain English. To my idea, tbey wero very correctly measured in an old number of Truth in these words: ' The present Ministry have been fairly tried, and have proved to bt tbo grossest possible breed of dung hilJ-counterfieits. 11 all Hell wen raked with a fine toothcomb, it would be impossible to got together a worse lot of brainless duffers. All their noiso about warfare with the Upper House is so much 1 rant and fustian.' They aro conservative crawlers in the uniform of liberalism and tbe trap pings of labor. They are heart-sound Protectionists masquerading as Free traders. They crawl to the wealthy, and leave homeless men, women and children to wither away in penury aud pain.' Strong language perhaps, but not too strong. — Yours 4c., FREDERICK H. BLACK. Billabong Creek, Fob. 1st, 1898. There is not one man or boy you meet with now but who was confident all along that the Englishmen had no show against tbo Australians. Last week a Chinaman named Ah Sun, about 70 years of age, was brought into tho Ornngo Hospital from Opliir in such a serious condition that his dying depositions were taken. Ah Sun gave up the ghost later on. Foul piny was suspected nnd a young man named Charlie McConnell was alleged to have inflicted the injuries which caused Ah Sun's death. An inquest was held on Friday, when the jury returned a verdict that the celestial died from natural causes, to wit, old age and heart disease. 