PERSONAL NOTES FROM LONDON. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, July 29th.— Mr. Dainbrldge, M.P., who figures In the Hooley revelations, was mar ried last week to a niece of Sir Blundell Maple, and is now on a honeymoon tour to Australia. He lias, as I wrote you recently, been a prominent personality in mining and promotion circles for the last twenty to thirty years, and until his answer to Sir. Hooley's allegations comes to hand I shall take leave to doubt Ills having done aught Irregular. Between the ethics of a Hooley and a Dainbrldge there should be a great gulf fixed. The statement In the "Dally Chronicle" to the effect that Mr. T. Harrison Davles owns the "British Australasian" lias small'foundatlon. He may at one time have bought or controlled a few shares, hut I incline to think Sir. Philip Mennel Is now practically sole proprietor. Miss Florence Menlcmeyer, who has just re turned to London at the conclusion of a pro longed and highly successful tour on the Conti nent, leaves for Australia with her sister by the Prince Regent Lultpold on August 28. It is her Intention to make an extended tour of all the. principal centres of Australia and New Zealand. It. Is noteworthy that Miss Menkmeyer's great successes have been achieved In the most highly cultivated musical communities. In Rome she was especially successful, and also In Germany, where it was admitted on all hands that she was the most understanding and sympathetic Inter preter of the beauties and subtleties of Beeth oven who had been beard there for many years. It Is nearly four years since Miss Menkmeyer was last heard In Australia, Miss Flora Shaw, who "did" Australia and New Zealand for "The Times," and has since superintended the colonial matter In tbe leading journal, has just started off to ICIondyke as "special correspondent." Melba has been going to re-vlslt her "beloved homo In Australia" for so long that pressmen may be excused for receiving statements on the subject with reserve, If not scepticism. I believe, however, that I am justified lu saying that the paragraph at present going through the news papers anent a pending tour has firmer foun dations than most of its predecessors. The won derful reception ot Albani, and money made by that famous songstress in Melbourne and Sydney, have materially quickened Melba's fond ness for "the old folks at home." and it Is said that she has now not merely fixed the time of ber visit, but resolved to take out tbe smartest concert party which has ever visited Australia. Tho Ill-luck which has befallen Albert Calvert and others associated with "boom" time in the "coming colony" has ever touched Mr. D'Arcy, the Mount Morgan millionaire. Tho latter goes as strong to-day as he did ten years ago. On Friday he entertained the Lord Chancellor and Lady Halsbury and half the peerage at i> dinner and reception at his splendid house In St. .foorge's Place. Of course, Melba was there to sing, sup ported by M. Plancon, M. Saleza, nnd others, aud tho llowers and fruit, as usual ut M. D'Arcy's parties, proved superb. The sumptuous feast at the Hotel Cecil on Monday, in recognition of the advent of the new A'gent-General for West Australia (Mr. Witte- noom), at first sight makes Anglo-South Austra lians' tacit reception of Dr. J. A. Coekburn seem somewhat lacking in cordiality. But it has really been nothing of tbe kind. The fact Is that Anglo-Antlpodeans generally do not approve the "mealing" method of advertising a colony, nor believe iu Its true efficiency. Once iu a way a public dinner no doubt does do good, but the frequency of West Australian banquets has robbed Hum of all significance. The compliment to Mr. Wlttenoom has similarly been tendered lo mine managers and experts, up-country Mayors, etc. Who can forget the spread at the Imperial Institute when, with most mistaken' good nature, an ex-Governor of the colony and Mr. Wittenoom's predecessor associated them selves with the presentation of a service of plate (subscribed for by Lord-knows-who) to Mr. Al bert Calvert? The gathering at the Hotel Cecil jdn Monday was fairiy representative. Sir Charles Dilkc occupied tlie chair, supported by Lord Tweedale (chairman of the Eastern Cables Companies), Sir A. Clarke, Sir Westby Perceval, Sir Horace Tozer, Dr. J. A. Coekburn, Lord Flngall, and a number of Colonial Office notables. New South Wales was, as usual nowadays, un-. represented. The speeches call for no special iuuiu1 a. i>«il l u l , oil l'ual ich uiiitu (juucu Mr. Wittcuoom, and tlie new Agent-General call ed his gods to witness to the phenomenal pros perity, the colossal mineral wealth, and the su perlative superior Government ot West Aus tralia. Lord Brassey spent the greater part of last week at Devonport, where he was the guest ot the naval commander-in-chief. He Inspected the whole of the naval establishment and Keyham ex tension works, and picked up a number of wrinkles for use at the Antipodes. A good deal of dissatisfaction Is expressed iu some quarters that the commission for the Ste venson memorial should have been given to an American, and not to a Scotch or English sculp tor. The excuse Is that Mr. Sanders knew the de ceased. So. however, did half a dozen leading British artists. It would, I fancy, be nearer the truth to say that Sanders happetis to he a pet of Mr. Strong and Mr. Lloyd Osbottrne, and that their desire to employ him carried the day. The friends of the late George Augustus Sala, wlio were, as is well known, of opinion that the second Mrs. Sala's extravagances were one of the main causes of Ills lamentable flnauclal em barrassments at the close of a long nnd pros perous career, will probably be cynically satis fied to learn that tho widow has got into a nice muddle on her own account. Despite the gener ous help of the Lawsous, and others ot G.A.S.'s employers, Mrs. Sala drifted in a surprisingly short time Into the Bankruptcy Court, and wo now read that her discharge has been suspended by the Registrar for two years. The hat which is about to be handed round the Empire on behalf of poor old Sims Reeves will, one supposes, have to he filled, though It is a scandal that any step of tho sort should be neces sary. For 30 years tlie great tenor seldom opened bis moutli under a hundred guineas, and what lie did with the huge sums lie earned no ono lias decisively discovered. Relations unquestion ably enaed his pockets somewhat: a penchant for gambling assisted materially; yet even these weaknesses should not have melted such pheno menal gains as Ills. Still less should tliey have left Sims Reeves, at the age of 7G, a beggar, obliged to lieg from Australians who have never even heard him sing. Tho hospitable Aucklanders who drove Mark Twain and Mrs. Clemens to Hie top ot Mount Eden, and displayed before tliolr eyes all tho picturesque beauties of tlie Waitematu without extracting from the great humorist as much as a single word, or even the ghost of a smile, will sympathise with the waiter In a story now cur rent. According to tills yarn, "Mark, at one time, was in the liabit of lunching In a restaurant in New York, pretty far up town and away from tlie madding crowd. A lady who lived in one of the flats above the restaurant, meeting liim jusn. as he was coming aw-ay from lunch, spoke to liltn for a few minutes. Later on, when she herself was having lunch, the waiter asked her to tell lilm the name ot the gentleman with whom she had been speaking. He said he wanted to know, because he was the saddest-looking gentleman he liad ever seen. "It's quite depressing to wait on htm." he said, "for I've never once him smile." Michael Davltt contributes a rapturous appre ciation of the new Premier of Queensland to a society paper, from which I learn that Mr. Byrnes Is "without rival as a speaker In Australia." Whether he will like to bear that "revolutionary blood" runs iu his veins may, however, he doubt ed, even though his Fenian friend admits his "ardent Imperialism and militant conservative policy" conceal them. There lurks, ho nays, bohind tho deep-sot dark eye a strength of will nnd purposo which head and face alike denote, a reserve of potential "opposition," which might prove as dangerous to possible Downing-strect encroachments upon colonial rights and claims as those qualities have shown themselves to be strong aud masterful in tlie combats which their possessor has waged against the socialist labor forces in the Clermont sheep-shearing troubles of the early years of this decade. The Hon. David Carnegie's account of his re cent journey through Westralla will be publish ed Immediately by Pearson's. The second volume of the Spnrgeon biography Is to bf» rpsiriv towards tlio niwl nf Ann-net Tt takos up the great preacher's career In 18S5, and carries him to the heights which he attained at the Tabernacle. The story of tho courtship r.nd marriage of Mr. and Mrs. Spurgeon Is hero told, and for tlio rest tlie volume Is reully auto biography. When Spnrgeon had become a cele brity he also became a favorite subject for car toons. Some of theso are reproduced, and there are many other Illustrations. The two remain ing volumes of the book will appear lu the course of next year. Mme. Albani and lier husband are home again and staying for a few days at tho Boltous, The Queen Is understood to ho most anxious to see the prima donna, and hear her Impressions ot Australia. Mme. Melba was an early caller on Mr. and Mrs. Gye. Miss Kate Bishop has won her action against tlie syndicate Of "My Innocent Boy." and has been Awarded £30 damages for the breach of con tract. Mr. Beerbohm Tree has engaged Mrs. Brown Potter to play. Mlladl in Svdnoy Grundy'B ang- licised version ot "Tho Three Musketeers," be cause he bolioves her to possess "tho requisite beauty of personal intensity and fascination, for the part," which is another way of saying that Mrs. Brown Potter is good-looking and can act. . Lieutenant Thomas Frewer, 3rd Battalion Lei cestershire Regiment, will tako tho Earl of' Shaftesbury's placo as aide-de-camp lo Lord Brassey when the latter returns to Melbourne in September. Lieutenant Greatorex, who was so popular In tho Australian station, is now on the Duke of York's ship, tho Crescent. The Hon. Judith Harboard, maid of honor In waiting on the Queen at .Osborne, is Lady Car- rlngton's sister. . 