/ Camera in Commons. Interesting: Sketches. #In the first issuo o£ the " Windsor Magazine " for this year is n ' notice of Sir Benjamin Stone's photographic work in tho House ' of -Commons. A London nnnor siivs of it : Sii' Beniuniin is woll known ' as 'tra enthusiastic amateur photographer, and day by!. day during' tho 'sittings of Parliament ho has beoii1 plying his camera within the precincts of the House, taking photographs of his' colleagues,' as woll us of tho House itself mid the curiosities to he found within it. By this meuns ho hopes to ' sccuro in time n p'ornuiuunt record of a most striking kind of tlio British Parliament in thoclosingyonrsot'thomnotconthcoutury, About- 300 photographs of . members lmvo beon secured. What makes thorn specially 'r'omurkable is tho fact that thero is litfclo of tho conventional studio pose about thorn, and that thoy are true witnesses, sirioo Sir Bonjamin is a sworn foo to the practice of "touching up" with which , the professional photographer sooks to gratify tho 'vanity of his olionts. Armod with u special permission from tho Speaker, 'the sorgcant-nt-arms, '.and' other oificinls responsible for tlio internnl economy of tho Houso, Sir Benjamin lies in wait for subjects, planting his camera close to one of tho inner, portals, which fre quently appears as a background to tho likenesses. Some members wore rather shy at first of being takon. Mr. l)illon, being under the impression that tho affair hud something to- do with tho jubilee, rofusod to 'submit himself for experiment ; but being; undeceived on this point, ho proved amenablo after ull. One mombor still holds out and declares he will never bo photographed; but, says tho indofntigablo Sir Benjamin, " I still liuvo hopes of him." Tho first photo graph shown is that of Mr. A. J. Balfour, in u characteristic attitudo, with liis bunds across his choBt, grasping -the lapels of his morning coat. Tho likeness is to tho very life. Then thero is Mr. Chamberlain, with an' oreliid in tho buttonhole as UBual, and with one hand behind him and a clenched fist reposing ugainst his white wuistcoat. Mf. Mun- delln's photograph is peouliarly interest ing; having beon taken only a fow days before ho died. It cortainly makes him look, oldor than any other photo graph wo remember to bavo seen of i ' - ---- >w.o, him. Mr. H. M. Stahloy,'in.an easjT attitudo, comes next, then Mr. Joseph Arch, then Mr. Michael . Davitt, with the thumb of his solitary left hand rest ing inside his railway ticket pocket, and afterwards in succession Lord Bnlcarre6, tho veteran. Liberationism Mr. Ctir'vcll "Williams, Mr. John Burns ip his woll known peajaekot, and Mr. .Tcsso Col- lings. ' Tho oporator, it seenis, has no ' necessity to toll those who sit' to him to put on a pleasant expression. Tlioro are always members about- to make jocular remarks. Thus, when Mr. Jcsso Collings was taken, somq ono audibly advised him to hp taken " with tlio' cow," so that -under tho cireuin- stnnccs it argues ". considerable solf- posscssion oil that gentleman's part that, not , tho ghost of a smilo is to bo (lis- ' covered in his fuco. Tlio viovf of the 1 interior of the' House of -Commons is singularly' clear-.' in detail, consider ing the' smullnuss of the picture. No less interesting is the ..view of tho iiisido of tho dial on't the' clock tower, with u . mail's figure dwarfed to insigiii- . ficauco ' by comparison. Tacts or 'figures would he -powerless to couvoy anything like so graphic an "impression . of the colossnl sine of . Big Ben. The photograph enables one also to realist) the torture of which Mr. Bradlaugh complained, (luring his short.'sojoum in the plucq of confinement just under- ' lientli the works - which boom out the hours mid. (piaftors. Tlio death wurrunt .of Charles 1. is . only ono of a large number of valuable relics in tho custody, of -Parliament which huvo boeu- repro duced in tho same way. 