'LINDA, A TALE OF THE KLONDYKE GOLDFIELDS. 13 v \V. GiiiifJi 1'latis, in Ch anthers Miscellany. CHAPTER L THE SOIOOL-MARM. There wn no prettier building in Oiiville than tbc little log schno'house, that io torn, as tbe summer waxed and waned, was aglow with tbc blossoms of tuc fragrant Honeysuckle and ine clematis, tbe yellow rings of tbe love- vine, and tbe warm, tender blaze of tbe woodbine which, ootside, clung about tbe lumber walls and gables, and kissed" tbc topmost sbiogles of tbe roof. But the roses and the violets bloomed in side on tbe cheeks and under tbc lashee of the school-marm. And there was no prettier woman io all Kansas than little 'Linda — no, nor. one-half so pretty, Jim Vikcrson vowed to himself a hundred times a day. It was an afternoon in May — a warm sunny afternoon. The burn of bees from without and tbe bum of children from within -met on the sill of tbo open window of the school-house, and min gled and mingled until it seemed to the impatient idler, loafing aroond tbe building, that the bars were learning tbe multiplication table and the children were gathering the honey, for to him all was honey that fell from the lips of (he dainty school-marm. A creamy whorl of honeysuckle peeped in at the open window, aod Jim Vickerson — ' Honest Jim ' they cilled bim in . Oloville — peeped in at the open door, Jim was a big, strapping hank of good n '.ture, that never bad done, aod never would do, a dirty trick — not even to save his life. Clear six feet he stood io his socks, hralthy and handeome, with broard, square shoulders, brawny arms, and a well-cut, bronzed face with short brown beard. And through his fearless, clear bine eyes yon could sec that be was just as clean within. He was honest to the core ; but he- bad one fault — he thought everybody else was honest, aod that was what was the matter with Jim. His heart was too big. 'Linda said it was, aud 'Linda ought tj know, for she had had it in her keeping ever since she came' to teach school in Oloville in tbo fall of '1)3, This failing had stood seriously iu the way of Jim's prosperity. " He bad tried his hind at raising wheat, at growing sorghum cane, at breeding stock, and always with the same result— Jim did all the work, and, somehow, somebody else invariably 6cooped in all tbc profit. And now tbe resources of Oloville were exhausted, and tbc modest little pile of dollars bis father bad left htm, and which he bad striven to increase, had dwindled pitifully. The hum within tbe log building ceased. School was out, aud little Sukey Sanders gathered up Iter own and her brother Johnnie's spelling-books into tbe school bag and shouldered it ; and picked up the dinner-basket with tbe empty pie-dish in to carry borne. Fur Sukey loved her big, haudsome brother so that sbe felt thai it was a pleasure to her to be hie elavs and carry his things; aud Johnnie wasnlt. mean enough to deprive her of a trifling treat like that. As the Iimdfol of scholars tumbled noisily out of tbe echoolboase Jim crept in. 'Liudo was jnstshu'.tiog up tbe cfaildrens copybooks in ber desk. With ber big white pinafore that she always wore in school, and her soft, curly locks that bad burst restraint and shaken themselves down in a dusky shower upon ber shoulders, sbe looked like a child herself — a roguish, impul sive, heart- captivating child. Dropping tbe desk lid, ehe spring lightly upon a low bench, uiadc Jim a mock cartsy, and, clasping her hands behind bcr,- begau to recite in a sing-song voice : ' 'Binds bad a great big bear — They called it Jim, yon know ; Aud everywhere that 'Linda went That bear was sure to go. It followed her to school one day And Guess I feel pesky like one jest now, anyhow,' Jim interrupted gravely. 'Like a what? interrupted 'Linda sharply, with atartled look. All mgn of the roguish child vanished from her as she stepped down from tbo bench,, and it was a woman that stood|before him — a timid, shrinking woman, crouching under the blow that, some how, sbe instinctively knew was abont to fall on ber. ' Like a b'ar,' be went on slowly, ' 'cos I'm afeared I'm a-going to hurt yon with what I've got to tell yon. It was so hard to get the words out that the perspiration stood npon his forehead, aud he sat down upon the form and mopped bis face with hie handkerchief. _ Pore 'Linda — pora little 'Xiitida, ne continued with an effort; taking one of her bands in his, and stroking it ten-, derly, if clumsily, as . though to soften the shock. I guess your b'ar won't follow yon to school no more, far a , spelL' . , . , j 'Lindagaveiiim oncqoick, frightened glance. 'There's — there's nothing come be twixt yon and me, Jim 1' she queried, tremulously. And Jim only looked back into ber eyes with a grave, confident smile that ' reassured her more than -words could have dons. . . . « Then I don't fear anything in the whole wide world ! AflcJ : now, Ji®, I'm ready far all the bard things you ve got to tell me,' she rattled oo reck- IGSBIV I ' 'Linda,' ho eaid gravely, ' Fna nfeerd I've just got to quit <Movillend-nii vou fur a spell.' 'Linda's face blanched, in spite of ber ircceat boast. ' Ou'y for a sj»II,' he WMit. fln; quickly,inordertorc(i86urc,Ii,Ja>< to far & -couple o years 5 co'se, please "God, I'llcome my -tittle 'Linda nbau't -bey -to -teach speUin' school-. , Yas. - - It's powsrf(d |n Aa— tried here Tbo ling', and T ain't going to bev it said <>f me, He set. right here in Oloville far thirty years, and — fcoBted !" ' 'Jim," she whispered, almoBt timidly, ' if only my salary were a little bigger, we might perhaps be able — with what you have — to manage without you going away until sometbiug turned up.' Unselfish little 'Lfada ! Like woe, little Sukey Sanders, she luved ber big, handsome boy so much tbat she would gladly hive borne alt his hardens f.ir bim, if she conld, and have been proud' to do it. 'No, 'L-nd 1,' JiiD returned; 'I couldn't do it. I'd feel I was far too mean a sknnk fur my own c imp'ny, ef I was just loafing round while my wife earned the bread to put into my mouth. I reckon there's two things left open to me — c iw-panching in T.xrs or Arlzroy, which ein't an occupation calkerlated to providing a "home fur the > sweetest flower - of Kansas, bnlese, of co'styyoo run a rancbe on ycr own account, and I ain't enough bosiness io me to keep a cat cuter a pasture lot, not to mention running a rancbe.' ' No, Jim, I wouldn't like you to try. .that.'' ' Wal, thor,' be wont on hurriedly — after the manner of a mm with a pill, who, after shirking the task of taking it sslong as possible, andbiving at la t got it between his toetb, is only anxious now to bolt it whole un4 get tbe j >b over as speedily as possible — ' the point's right here ; I've raad in the Topeka Straight Talk there's an Alaska trading steamer fitting out at Seattle for Jnuea to onload parties far tbc new goldfields on the Yokon ; an' I reckon, 'Linda, my chance is jest awaiting fur me to take holt of it, for there's gold thero far any fell-r who ain't afcerd of hunching liisselt and going into some real hard work bald- headed.' ' And when must you go, Jim, if yon go?' ' To-night. I kin git on the cars as the express comes through at two io the morning.' To-night! — so soon?' Linda gasped faintly. ' Yes. There ain't any time to be lost ef I git by this trip, and a power ful deal depends on gituug there airly on in the season.' "And if you were lucky, and did find plmty-of gold, perhaps you'd get robbed V urged 'Linda timorously. For answer Jim drew himself up to bis fall height, and glanced down at hie own athletic figure confidently. No, no ; I didu't mean that way,' she went on hastily. ' I mean that — that — I mean — you know, Jim, yon're too kind-hearted — you're too good, and there's such a lot of plausible, smooth tongued ' Yas, I reckon I git yer meaning, 'Linda,' he said, with a quiet smile of self-confidence; 'bur, s'pose I did strike it rich, I'd jest say— ef any temptation come anigh me to hand over any of my pile in'o ao»tber feller's keeping — I'd jest sty, "No, Jim Yickereon, "taonldn't be booest — 'twould be downright thieving. Thet gold ain't yo'rn — yon aiu't no property in it. It jest belongs right away to little 'Linda — ev'ry cent of it — aod you ain't any excuse to Btart fooling with auybodj's dollars tbat don't belong to you."' ' Then "'Linda's spirit awoke, and lariied her breast inwardly with her conscience. Springing backward, with the tears fleshing in her eyes, she stamped her little foot determinedly, and cried : 'I'm a mean selfish wretch to try to spoil all iyour plans— to thwart all yonr ambitious, just because I want to see' yon every 'day. Go; Jim— go ! And : God be good to you and bring yon back to me again ! Go — go — go I Go, be- j fore my love-overpowers my reason, and j I bidyou never— never, leave 'me. Go but.etnp ! Give me-one'kiss. Now go, brave heart J' And, flashed , and trembling with emotion, she sank help lessly upon apeatas Jim, with waver ing step and many a backward glance, left the schoolhoose. In " fab- dark hours of the early morning ' raa yBpllw jigkt burned in the gablsjpindow jjEbiu jHutehto'e frame-home, where Ure- etliOolmRrm boarded/ And, asJim Vickerson strode past the boilding on bis way to tbe dephtT agrafcetat, muffled fighrestole out -fro® t EJrep tffatchin's porch end slid five soft white fingers fate. the man's rough palm. And so, silently, the two passed an together to the depot And soon the Western express dashed along side the platform. The conductor sang out All aboard !' the engineer rang his bell ; the cars swung out into the dark ness: All that could be seen of them was the red tail light, growing less, and less, and less in the pitchy darkness of the night ; and little 'Linda's figure was left alone upon the desalted- platform. But 'Lioda's heart had gone out in tbe cars over the rolling prairie. William J. Klippins had a pretty big store on Mains Street, Seattle, and a distant cousin at Oloville. William J. bad prospered exceedingly fa the things of this world ; and, as for the next, he was a deacon at the neighbouring Methodist Cbnrcb. Consequently, the distant cousin at Oloville bad not failed to sound the praises of his well-to-do relative, at Seattle— and bad sounded them, tOD,-with the loud pedal on, so to speak. It was not surprising, then, that' after Jim Vickerson had secured ; his berth on board the Flaming Oca- dent, he should inquire the locality - of Kiippina's store and proceed thither far the purpose of procuring his outfit. As he eotered the deacon was haggling with a customer oyer the. price of some steel pickaxe points, .or, rather, the 'customer was dotug the haggling, while the other beamed npon bim with a benevolent smile ithat, would have melted the |wfaF#'jbid tirarfwf wretch fatothe soothing 'belief that he, William J., in allowing bim to purchase the t-»U alt all, was laying bifa under ; a .-debt; of gratitu-ie that mere/col j, nhsjnnpatbeticdollara conld nevmvjroBaiblyf'epay. " . v jjgfa easterner, Jwwever, . most have imd J«e|rt- bf- . atone,, for bo«.wfos, yflfilpiiinst' altXha deacon's' ai»bfa:.J>BhbaratytAingog Srou rid ,'hnd eastfcily' tie vagi sonagc, tnSgking, if nninviting, per- 1 bald head 0>rtte customer. His between two raSfcetbe maimer sea grisly hair, nodg'gohby islands of sheltered one whole ' 101 —about half— of afioue remnant one shaggy brow peered oatSIenoatb shifting, rettless eye, a U g h ' from a long and familiar with cheap ' pisou — 1 foriy-roi whiy — which bad not yet completely eo&. qnr-red tbe iron constitution of the man ; while under the other eyebrow the orbloss eyc-sockef, left vacant by the accomplished fingers of a Mexican 'gouger'ina 'Frisco gambling-saloon, meandered off into a long, deep scar, dividing the cheek-bone from tbe temple, so that it was difficult to say where the scar ended and the eye-socket began. Hib cheeks and chin were covered with long, light-gray, tangled whiskers, while his upper lip bore a white, bristly moustache, the growth of one-baU of which the eccentric healing of a deep cut had taroed in an upward direction, which, together with the empty, elongated eye-socket, a terrifying, lop sided fierceness to his face that made women abndder to look at bim, and frightened children. For the rest, be was of medium height, with broard, somewhat rounded shoulders, aud a ecpreme indifference to such mere trifles as religion and morality, liis father being one of tbc now historic ' 'forty- niners,' be bad been tiken ont West at a tender age, and had had the first elements of profanity and nineteenth century heathenism instilled into him in a Californiau golcb. Siuce then be had himself assisted to rash tbo Cariboo goldfiold, had worked in the mines and smelted ore in Nevada, worked op and down the coast fa a trading schooner— in short, bad tried his hand at a score of rough-and-tumble trades, and, lastly, had quitted rounding up beef iu C dorado, attracted, like 'Honest Jim,' to tbc gold-strewn basin of Yukon. ' I rc-gret 1 can't take a single c-nt less for the points,' replied Klippins blandly, smiling the sweet smile of - a universal benefactor. ' What I ask yon ss pre-cisely one cent each more than 1 gave for them, and out of that cunt I have to pro-vide for the freight and rent of ' Cheese it, .Cap. — cheese it.' 'l're-cisely What the deacon was about to add did not transpire, for at that moment his eye lighted opon Jim as the latter entered the store, and his quick business iratinct at once scented a tract-able cus tomer. Leaving the old adventurer t > he attended to by a clerk, he turned to the new-comer. In a few brief words Jim explained that he was starting for the Yukon goldfields, and required an outfit ; and in a few brief minutes be. was selecting — or, rather, he thought ho was selecting, but, in reality, the seductive storekeeper was insidiously selecting for him, as the conjurer fo as upon tbe nnwitting spectator tbe cards he wishes — a miscellaneous assortment of u/raeccssaries that he would h ive only been too glad to throw away before he reached bis goal. The adventurer— ' Twilight Ben ' was j his latest sobriquet, bestowed upon him : on account of the semi- darkness of his vision — pricked bis ear and a-balf, and took a critical glance at Jim. ' Humph V was hia men 'al conclusion, 'young Eastern jay getting plucked ready fur roasting. Blamed cf heM bev a darned feather left ef I -don't jest chip in an stop tbe circus ! The Nqncrceot's I ez powerful ez a Arizony mule withoat J the kick, an '11 turn out mighty hefty ; at digging dirt. Gosh! but I've struck t a stroak this trip ! 1 reckon he's j-st I the gaiout I'm wanting. This yer is a I party business, aud I'm on it. Labour on the Yukon, they dcus say, ain't to be had. This yer innercent and mu is going to be pards — work and share alike ; and ef we should strike it rich, and ef the young jay should get accidootlv (aid out with lead-pisening through prospecting op the bar'l of a derringer, or the side of tbe flume caving in, wall, of co'se, I'm his pard, and 1 jest take keer of h'"s pile far him — sknrsely!' -Then, he quietly strode over to Jim, touched him on the arm and inquired : ! ' Say, stranger, it aiu't no funeral of mine, but air you going to run a church- fair with these yer flim-flams? 'Cos tbar afa't no call fursech on the Yukon, l aio't beon through the Cariboo rush and the San Jonquil boom without knowing wbafs bumps, you bet ; and it gravels me to see- a young innercent bluffed.' Jim taroed quickly round t> Twi light Ben aod gave him a searching look. In an iustant hie lack of busi ness instinct aod his inexperience pro truded themselves painfully before him. Here was lack indeed — here was the experienced, guiding haad . that he lacked. Providence had been kind to htm. ' Ef you would jest help me to select things I'd tike it real kind of you,' bo returned gratefully. The deacon frowned and expostu lated, so that Jim felt that he was per forming a contemptibly mean action iu not-purchasing a lot of useless rubbish, bnt tbo thought of 'Linda held -bim fast, and he steadfastly insisted on relying upon the stranger who bad come to his aid in the time of need. As for Twilight Ben ho accepted his new position of adviser with cheerful j serenity. " You air a tenderfoot;' he observed confidentially to Jim. I calkerlate your best lay is jest to freeze to me till yer fioefs get toughened, and I'll . ran ; th»B yer circus for yer. — Now, Cp.,' turning to Klippins, . ' I'm stakfa' out thls yec iuaercent's claim, far him, so I reckon you'd better jest stow thet chin music o'yourn, aud trot out some gum hoots and strong woollen jumpers !' , In the end. much to the storekeeper's chagrin, Jim was provided with a really serviceable outfit at a reasonable price, and us helef t tbo store fa company with the grisly old digger, tbe deacon fql loved him sorrowfully with his eyee, and aighed sadly to himself : VI fear the Lvrd has delivered that fate tim, band £l : . 61IAWE WAV TO TUB .dOLOKIKUlS. . Tbcnce, by water, they had travelled t« Dyea ; camped at the foot of tbe terrible Ciiilccot Pass, waiting for a whole week, amidst driving, icy clouds of bleet and whizzing showers of sonw, for tho weather to clear. And when tbe weather did clear, and the awful precipitous wall of sncw and ice loumed distinct acd forbidding, towering high above them, tbe adventurers felt back in 3umay. However, the difficulty had be faced, and -Jim and Twilight who ? re alUQnS the first half-dozen Witwjed the ardu ms undertaking Indian.® of a Party Tagish packed fa and baggnge were steps cut ini fae ovf!r a trail of of the adventure! witb tbe ®xes a single false stop wonfa1® £fjn but tbe false step aid nJ> u ' Ouce the summit was gainer? j!" baggage was packed down the long falf mile descent to Lake Lindertn&n; . an(j after long days of wearying "toil ind aud terrible suffering, the perils «f j,e uppermost lakes were safely passed, the daogers of the White Horse Rapids lelt behind, and, three miles below, the raft on which the hardy argonauts had transported themselves and their bag gage for tbe last fifty miles was poled to the side at tho head of the White Horse for disembarkation. There is a spot in Yorkshire that must be vc-y familiar to maoy readers of this story, for poets have sung of it, and painters have limned its romantic beauties for generations — the 'Strid,' at Bolton Woods. Here tbe liver Wharfe gathers its wide rapid waters together, to hurl them fa one swift, seething torrent throogba narrow cleft in the solid rock Bcarce four feet wide. Tbc White Horse on the Ltwes River, is a magnificent 'Strid' on a stupendous scale. It is a chute through a deep gorge of some forty yards only in width — a J box canoo ' — and yr t along that pent-op channel leap, with one long, frenzied bound, tbe concentrated forces of a river which is six hundred feet across immediately abrve the canon. A few foolhardy dare-devils have at tempted the passage of (his awful spot, bat only one or two have lived to tel1 tbe tale of their idiotic exploits. Al though tbc gorge is but a hundred yards or so loug, even an empty raft sent through is usually torn to pieces, and the travellers, after packing their outfit overland for this short stage, bava to build another raft or boat be low to carry them on thoir farther voyage. It was at the very head of this chute, where the current begins to rua stroug, and (he wide waturt gather for their maddening plunge, that the raft was moored to the bank by a single rope. The whole of the baggage had been transferred to terra firm a, and most of the little handful of prospectors bad landed. The only mm left opon the > aft was Jim Vickerson, and, just as be was about to follow, a loud crack was beard. The rope had snapped, and wi k the sudden jerk, Jim slipped, fell, and, striking his bead against a project ing log at the end of the raft, tumbled senseless into the icy waters of the river. Blind to the perils of the situation, and filled only with thoughts of a' similar nature to those which would occur to a farmer oo seeing bis only meful horse in imminent danger of slippiug iti hip or breaking its leg just at the beginning of harvestins. Twi- light Bin, with a savage oitb, sprang back on" to the gently-receding raft, and as Jim's unconscioos body rose, grabbed it wildly by the collar, and attempted to drag him on board. But Jtm was big, heavy aod unwieldy ; it required all the old miner's strength and some moments of precious time to pull his helpless burden into safety on the logs; and when, haviug done so, he turned to tho shore, tbe fall terrors of their position swept appal- ingly across his brain. For alreidy tbe raft wat in the tow of the swiftening correut, and had drifted a score of yards away from the bank, where his awe struck companions stood spell-bound witb horror, rooted to tho spo. All escape was cut off. Even a strong swimmer could never have reached shore across tbat swiftly-flowing stream, and Twilight Ben was no sffimmtx. In his fary bis first mad, vengeful impulse was to pick op (lis inert body of the aobappy cause of the mishap, aud hurl it to certain destruction . fa the gathering stream. Fortnnately for the unconscious man, discretion came to the grizzled rascil. There was just snch a chance of running the chute successfully, and iu tbat case one live Jim would be worth more to him than a hundred dead ones. It was all the work of a second or two. la a trice he bad Buatcbed the broken piece of rope that was still attached to the rude craft, passed it twice round Jim's body as he lay right fa tbe centre of the masB of floating lumber, and once ronnd a log cf the raft. Then, tbrowiog himself, across the prostrate figure, he whipped" tbe rope round his' own waist, bitched it round another log, and . twisted the end tightly round his wrist. . In this position, with one leg firmly beot -round! a stanchion, he pat every ouocc of his strength into one mighty effort to bo! I on for dear life ; and the next' iostint, whirling, tossing, plunging, ..they dis appeared from the terrified gazs oi their fallow travellers, aud were swept into jtbejiws of fee watery fael'. f , ... . " The lumber of which "the raft was built groaned and shivered nnder tbe terrific strain of fee furious race ; the frowning bluffs, to right' and left flew past io' ooe confusing, hurried blur; aud yet the grim old miner kept fats, steely grip and held on. Tilted " this way and that, fes .sport' and plaything of the frantic torrent, tho "raft -'shot the first -half of feat fearsome death trap fa comparative safety but - at tbiB 'point a huge -.swirl in the current caught the" frail craft in its -resistless power, and flinging it like a chip caused it to impinge with a -thrilling .-shock against fee i neareat ,tilufE " ,Fo:r qrih brief fraction of a second it paused, quivering from fefe5 impact; hut it' held together; and,. feoneh feifte-faea r.werp; grJodS cruelly %ejb£eib VcoSple to toga and fee rope chafed jleep into tbe few flesh of his Vetrsfafag wrists, ;T«iiight Ben atfllng his grip. Thud, wMt a jnfeenuqj .vhiil. lightning upend ftalijl down fee watery I incline tin/ fefi hW- rific chaos of wild water. Raft and crew disappeared beneath tbe raging conflict. In the darkness of immer sion, the thundering surge sang wildly io Twilight Ben's ears. A thousand demons of the BOgry flood .were dragging remorselessly in every direc tion. The icy waters chilled his marrow. Still, with aching muscles, he kept bis grip ; and, when that agonising moment had passed, and the raft which bad happily remained fight-side uppermost, once more returned to the surface, the blood was spurting from his eyes, ears, and nose as the cost of his effort. Even then he did not realise (bat the chote was ran, and they bed passed out from under the shadow of an awful death. Borne on the quieter waters below, the raft at last caught a big snag, and was floated quietly into a side eddy. Here the other miners, who had hurried from above on foot, foood them, and still Twilight Ben, witb cat- tike tenacity, was clinging with un- relaxed grip to fee craft, for, uambed and paralysed, he could not leave go his hold. Willing bands lifted them and farced brandy between their fii-tno81188 ma ,nighty pore band at W-nT? ,my tbQaShto into words, began Jim In a quavering ,0ice some hours later, after he had refined his wits and had learned the fac-8 of his marvellous escape ; « but £ i„'t on„rate. fal— I am t oogratefal. I owe mv life to you — to you I I cilkerlate I ain't an more'n a! ornery cost at cbin-music myself,' i responded Twilight Ben, with a face I and tons as emotionless as a Hindu god't ; ' but you're on it this tim», pard — right on it.' '.Yas,' Jim went on in queer little jerks, as the cirners of his mouth twitched wife the intensity of foiling his tcngne conld not relieve ; ' you've saved my life at the litk of yo'r own — me, a stranger, and you risked an awful death fur me ! G >sh I What did yoo do it fur ? I danno how to thank you, but little 'Linda will — ay' and the Lord will too ; for ' fasomoch as yer did it onto one of the least of these ' " 'Cheese it, pard,' interrupted fee other, ' 1 don't quite ca'ch on to them high-toned notions, I calkerlate I j.-st did my level beet to fish you out 'cos I couldn't afford to see you pass in yo'r chips — lestwaya not jest yet,' he chuckled to himself. ' Darn my pisfcy old hide, ef fee young jay don't tike me far a phil-anther-feest ! Ez ef I'd ha', been sccb a lop-eared idj:t ez to risk one j'int of my little Gnger fur his hull carcass, ef Fd ha knowed it Anyhow, I calkerlate it suites tbe lay I'd on, and I ain't agoin' to throw up the kesrds when lock deals me a good hand — sknrsely !' It pained Honest Jim to hear tbe old reprobate's irreverence, and yet, at tbe same t;me, his apparent modesty roused his admiration to an enthusiastic pitch. ' CjuldnY afford to lose me !' he g-a.ped, seizing Twilight Ben's band fa his fervent grip. 'And I've done unthin' fur yuu. — jest nuthin' — 'cept put you to a power of trouble to help me git my hoofs t lugbtencd, ez you say. It's ontrus — oatrue ! You jest say thel outer yo'r good nature. It's me w'ot can't afford to lose ytut /' Poor, deluded, honest Jim ! The savagery of Twilight Bju's outward man was lost upon him, and through it he saw only beneath the ootvard ogly mask a wealth of ragged nobleness and generous heroism, where, In reality, there lurked nothing bnt incredible meaness arid fool treachery; With some repairs tbe reft was made tn do duty again, and carried tbe little b-.nd of adventurous voyages some eighty miles farther on their perilous journey. At the foot of Lake Le Barge, having already travelled nearly three hundred miles from Jeneao, they made a camp and commenced boat building operations. What witb collect ing the lumber for this purpose, squaring the logs, sawing them into boards, building and caulking tberaft, .nearly., a fortnight was spent here ; and then, safely shooting -the Five - Fingers and Rsef Rapids, the party, withoat any farther serious misbkp, floated' down ltd Fort ' Mile Creek, the then centre of ' the mining operations. By this time the Western Wolf had so far gained the ascendency over the Kansas Lamb tbat it required no persuasion to prevail upon Jim to throw fa ins lot wife fes old miner, and -work a claim fa partnership. "Very little time was spent fa prospecting, and with in a fortnight of reaching Fort Cadahy, the ill-asBorted pair had staked oot their claim on the Forty Mile, pitched their tent, and were bard at work. At first they employed 'lured'help feat the pries of labour was high, and the pay-, dirt yielded next to' nothing,. Outside, help had to be abandoned, and the owners iff- the claim slaved on aloop, wearied with incsssaut toil and worried by trosqaroea. Above and below - them, luckier . men were taking out from thirty to sixty dollars a day, ' while, now and again, feey chanced npon a -.day feat was marked with a good-sized nugget. As for Jim and Jiia - churn, ill-fortune per sistently stuck to them. More often than not fee gravql, -feey . d<ig .wasnqt worth panning \ not,' and rfeeir beatday — wfeen they struck a tiny pocket of coarse ' galdt— yielded "'only- iwerfty dullirp. The'strain of expectation un- eati- fied, of invariable disappointment, coupled wife fab bitter hardships of unaccustomed' privations, ti.ld severely upon tho Kins ib farmer ; and, day > -by day, "one -brick aftfe anotber toppled down from the airy- cS'.le he had so foodly boilt, nntil tbeniias encumbered bis ferain ; - anp" ofer=--,aod among faese rains, far the" night mare that haunted him the moment -he\closed -his eyes for a few feoars lo'iiis hammock, he chased 'L'.nda— little 'Linda— while heavy 'woights clogged his feet, and evcrymomentefeifefeisdesperate -effortsta overt-alp -her, site sped farther aoAfarfaer awjiy from him. Then be waald wake <ofe the Cold Bweat . of anguished ffer £poa faim, knd return fa hie heavy toil unrafreshad fuid despond- The hfelopd qfr ft'6 did oi& gallop scorfei ferdug'hls wiuty flfer him therb:;"was ' nb , feifeioiy 'of '.a, wafting feismtifa feir) :rfTrub, tefebUghiS-'fc-W ' ' "V -J.Tiet.- ' - ' - -y ' ' . ... . earfely eylsiotm-a paradise of un- Kmipl||niit bnehre yand draw- pok.l ritb4 the soothing anti- cipatenf|bfejpntta IftdOvery night as f mlf>ittyJjM4e:C0Uld comfort ably nw 3lo)fer,u<bbe sense disrppoijtls jlywice fart of Jim's; "fori: while'" the latter only calculate jon "rbno . moiety of the products iofffee'jfalfeur as his share, Twilight IrBfe refaohed..fea vfeole of the joint Uarntpgs as j«a: And so he a'aved dofgOdly on. ? ' Bj-and-hyq. carnc rumour; that rich pay-dirt bad feeen struck on Glacier Creek, on Sixty Mile River, pros pects showing'a'dollar, and sometimes more to fee pan. A'ong with some other miners on the Forty Mile, Jim caught the new infection, aod would have left for the latest reported Colchoa ; but Twilight Ben, with a descretiou be gotten of riper years and former ex periences of rosh-s held him back. ' Say, pard, he observed; don't yoo be in such a prsky blamed hurry to bolge over to Sixty Mile till we've wrestled with this yer claim some more. L'lck runs darned streaky, and I reckon that's jest bow tbe gold lies on these yer bars, this yer being a bed rock. That's been pockets found above and below on j-fst each prospects cz we got, and fairs picket; right here — somewhat — I'm tarnation shore So, we've jest got to bump ourselves and go fa-bald-beaded, aod you bnt yonr gum- boots we'll tumble right on 'em leer- slap.' For a while t'tis cheering assurance had" an ehootiraging effect on ' the yonnger man ; bnt -his malady — for malady this terrible depression of spirits truly was — merely relaxed its grip a little, wliilsit still kept its lingers opon him. Tlun. cttne September, aid with its coming the thermometer suddenly dropped. A log hut was hastily bailt and well banked. The Ice King breathed upon the land, aud the waters of the rivers beet me chained in their channels; soow covered those trackless desolate wilds ; the. Northern Lights fltm-d in the heavens, and the dark, silent terrors of the arctic winter, with its wearying successon of dawoless days, fell opon the earth. For lack of water no dirt cuold now be washed, and all that could -bo done was by means of thawing the gravel with fires and drifting, to dig out the pay-dirt and throw it up into a pile ready for wash ing as soon as the return of summer opsned tbe river. The rigours of feat awful eight months winter were ha'd enough to be borne ; yet a thousand times worse was the horrible doubt — tho racking uu- ceitaiuty — as to whether they were ' shovelliog-in' rich pay-dirt -or helpless ly wasting their strength for nought, by throwing away the desperate labour of two-thirds of a whole year in digging oat gravel that would not oven pay for the washing. With bis ever- baunting fear upon bim, the fever of his carious sickness burned witfaio Jim with re doubled vigour, and it was only his exceptional - constitution and sheer doggedoess fast bore him through the ordeal, notil tbe son shone once more upon their icy prison, and released tho waters of fee Forty Mile Creek. Gaunt and haggard, like tbe ghost of his farmer self, he mechanically set to work with Twilight Ban to wash the accumalated pile of pay-dirt. Fay- dirt t It was nothing but a bitter mockery to call it that, so poorly did it pin out- Yet fee miserable yield did not come as a shock to Jim, for he had dejectedly persuaded himself loug before that failnre was certain ; only it' deepens! his gloom a little. Alter working almost incessantly for three weeks at the sluicofeox, the gold, dmt boried iu a tomato tin under one corner of the hut amounted to no more than five hundred dollars, or ahont half the amount of their original outlay in travelling expenses, outfits, and provisions. Pining for a sight of tbe little schoul- marm at Oloville, and sick at heart, J im flung down pick Bnd Bbovel. ' I jest can't stand this any longer. I'm going to quit,' ho remarked de jectedly. ' I reckon there's enough nf my share of the dust to git me bick to Kansas.' Twilight Bin made no audible response; but mannered to himself, ' Which this yer move don't quite suit my game, and I calkerlate I've jnst got to chip fa and to tramp this yer yonng galoot's trick aefore he spiles my hand.' (To he concluded next week.) 