Fun and Fancy. Docked Tales. — Shortened stories. Always keeps its hauds before its face. — A clock. A fact.— The man who would try to stab a ghost would stick at nothing. Prepared for war.— He (softly) : ' I cau never love another. one ^nrmiy; : ' ±c win uoi ue necessary — or advisable.' A way to make safe.— Helen : ' He is extremely reticent about his family.' Her brother : ' Humph ? must be a good man of bad family or a bad man of good family I You had better encourage him.' Tbe Denouement — ' Did you complete the story you were at work on ?' ' Yes,' replied the litte rateur. ' You were in doubt as to its conclusion. Did it have a happy or unhappy ending ?' ' Un happy. The editor refused to print, it.' Wife: 'I wonder how you can look me in the face !' Husband : ' Oh, a man can get used to any thing !' 'There is poetry in everything,' mused the editor — ' even in yonder waste-basket.' And he laughed, as he sometimes did when alone. 1 She : ' Once you vowed that I was the sunshine . of your life. Now you stay out night after night.' He: 'Er— why, I don't expect sunshine after dark !' When a real New York boy wishes to say that a man is extravagant iu the expenditure of money, be expresses himself in this way: ' He has money to burn, and carries matches !' Scene: Supper-table. Tommy's mother : 'Won't you have another biscuit?' Favoured guest : ' Thank you ! I really don't know how many I've had already.' Tommy, enviously I do .' You'vo had six.' Mrs. Spooner : ' Charles, do you think vou would ever marry again P' Mr. Spooner : ' What — after havicg lived with you for ten years? Never !' Mrs. Spooner says she would jive something hand some if the only knew just what he meant by that. ' An old man was trimmiug a hedge,' writes a correspondent, ' when I told him to leave the oak saplings to grow up. He answered, ' All right, sir ; if somebody didn't leavefor something for somebody, nobody would'nt have nothiug from nobody.' Per plexed as to his grammar, I grasped his logic.' A funny story is told of Tommy Atkins in India. When in 1885, the British authorities took it into their heads to restore the fortress of Gwalior to Sc.iudia, its owner, Tommy Atkrus, of course, had to play himself out before playing Scindia in, aud the fortress was rea tared to the tuue of ' Tommy, make room for your uncle !' The other day we rented a tramp to wash our doj. He didn't wash the dog, but he stole the soup. First Miner : ' Hold, Bill ! Would you com mit suicide ? ' Bill (momentarily checked) : ' Why not ? I've only mined out 16,000 dollars this week, and T. owe the laudlady 15,000 dollars for last week's table board.' First Miner (turning his head) : ' rartton me, iJiii ; l aiau i kuuw. j. uu iue trigger.*' ' You're looking so out of sorts! What's the trouble ? ' ' Oh, it's so hard being au iuvalid ! My doctor ordered that I should drink more wine than beer. I've just druuk four quarts of beer, and now I must go and drink at least five quarts of wine ! ' He : ' You are working very slowly. Whaj are you knitting ? ' She : ' A sock.' He : ' I should say it would be a stocking before you'v finished, at that rate.' — ' Fun.' ['Le Menestrel,' a musical journal published iu Paris, says that a Houmauian pianoforte -maker lias invented a piano of such streuuosity that its tones cau be heard at a distance of over six. miles.] Thank Heav'ns, it is seven miles and more From London to Roumania, E se there were painful times in store For our uuguirded crania ! Raumania, with the emphasis On mania, now has goue sick, whence All folks whose ear is not amiss Have promptly fled iu consequence. If grand piano drowns big gun In noisy streuuosity, Whi*; Europe's still at peace, we'll shun This musical monstrosity. — ' Punch.' Paterfamilias (reading from newspaper) : ' I see they are taking steps to renovate the dome of St. Paul's.' Young Hopeful : ' They'll want a jolly long pair of steps to reach to the top, pater ! ' — Punch.' ' Oh, you must hear my brother sing. I will bring him to your next 4 At Home.' You know, dear, he is a professional tenor.' ' Oh, my dear, our rooms are very small, you know.' — *' Fun.' ' Confess now. Hive you ever hit a haystack, - even ? ' ' Well, of course I have.' ' What did I you aim at r ' — 'Punch.' 