CONSECRATION OF DR. KELLY. The Arrangements. Explanation of the Ceremony. The preparations for the consecration of the Right1 Rev. Dr. Kelly, as Bishop of Geraldton, are now complete. The ceremony will take place in St. Francis' Cathedral oh Sunday next, the Right Rev. Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale (who consecrated Dr. Mahe'r last year), being the consecrating prelate, and the Right Rev. Dr. Maher, Bishop of Port Augusta, and the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wilcannia, assistant pre lates. His Grace the Archbishop will preside at the throne, and the Very Rev. Archpriest Kevin will be assistant priest. Dr. Corbett will celebrate solemn high mats, "Very Rev. Father Hurley, P.P., being deacon, and Father McEvoy sub deacon. The Rev. Father Cosgrave will ofliciate as master of ceremonies, and will be assisted by the Rev. Father Cornes. Gounod's Bolemn high mass will be ren dered by the choir under the direction of Mr. W. Gordon; The Consecration Ceremony. The ceremonies are very imposing, and require great preparation, both internally and, externally. The Bishop-elect haa been making a retreat at the PasBionists' house, Glen Osmond, while both he and the con secrating bishop fast on the day previous. The ceremony is begun by vesting the consecrating bishop, bishop-elect, and assis tant bishops. The consecrating prelate sits before the centre altar, and the bishop ele'ct and assistant bishops having saluted hiih they sit down, and almost immediately the senior assistant bishop rises and says to the consecrating prelate: "Holy Church demands that this priest present be raised to the episcopate." Then the consecrating prelate asks if he has the Apostolic Briefs, and the assistant bishop replies in the affirmative. It is commanded to be read, and this is done aloud before the whole congregation. The bishop-elect then genu flects before the consecrating prelate, and reads the oath, word for word, given in the ritual. An examination is then begun. This has been commanded by the Holy Father, in order that he who is1 chosen for the rank of a bishop be first diligently examined con cerning the faith of the Holy Trinity, and be interrogatednpont he different titles and morals which are befitting such govern ment, and are necessary to be kept up according to the saying of the apoBtle, "Be thou hot hasty in consecrating any man," and :fc>r this purpose also, that he who is about to be ordained may be in structed how he is bound to demean him self when established in this rule within the Church of God. Lastly, in order that they who give the consecrating imposition of hands' may also be irreprehensible. The following are some of the questions:— " Wilt thou by word and example teach the flocks for wh6in thou art to be ordained in that which thou imderstandest from Holy Scripture?" To which he answers, "I will." "Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter the Blessed Apostle, to whom was given by God the favor of binding and loosing* and to bis^ioar Leo XIII., the present Pope, and to his successors, bishops of Some, faith, sphjeotion, and. obedience according - as the canons. enjoin ? "—" I •vilb"' 3* Wilt thou for the. sake of the Lord'be.aasy of .access and pitifnl to the phof,: to the etrangfir, and to all tkatare in .hi ::;v; tet-the exaiaunation the. mass of the dayisbegnn in different. qhapele and con tinued down as far . as 4he EpiBtle. -After the Epistle the, bishops conduct the bishop-elect once more before, the con secrating prelate in the centre of the altar, apd the consecrating prelate says to him; " It is. the Archbishop'B office" to judge, to interpret Scripture, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptise, and to confirm." Then all kneel while the Litan;y of the Saints is chanted, but the bishop^ elect lies prostrate meanwhile at the left of consecrating prelate. After the Litany and prayers appointed all turn towards the altar and the Veni. Creator is intoned. After the first verse the consecrating Bishop sits and anoints the head of the elect, who is kneeling before him, with holy, chriBm, forming the sign of the cross on'the crown, and then' anointing the remainder of crown of the head, saying, "Be thy head1 anointed and consecrated in the order of High Priest by heavenly benediction in the; name of the Father, Son, and'Holy Ghost;" Next the hands are anointed and botind' up with white linen by the consecrating prblate. Then he bleBses the crozier andr gives it to the elect who is kneeling before hiaSu He then goes to the altar chapel and reads, the offertory. After the offertorjr the consecrating prelate again sits, and the bishop-elect. presents him with two lighted torches, two loaves, and two barrels of' wuie. The mass is then continued by' the bishop-elect and consecrating prelate' at' the same altar. At Communion thejy partake of' the same host and of the same' cb&lice.; Towards the conclusion of the Holy Sacrifice the mitre is blessed and put' on the head of the bishop-elect. He is then conduoted by the assistant bishops throngh the church, and imparts his bless ing to the people. The newly-consecrated" gives the solemn Pontifical blessing at the end of mass. The whole ceremony is then concluded by the Te Deurn being sung by the choir. The New Prelate. The Bight Rev. Dr. Kelly is a native of Western Australia, and is the second priest born in Australia to receive episcopal rank1, the first being the Bight Rev. Dr. Dwyer, Coadjutor-Bishop of Maitland. Dr. Kelly's early education in ecclesiastical subjects was given by the Most Bev. Dr. O'Reily, Archbishop of Adelaide. From Western Australia he proceeded to St. Patrick's Ecclesiastical College, Wexford, subse quently going to All Hallows College, Dublin. Returning to Western Australia, aftbr his ordination, he Boon became popu lar amongst all classes of the community, and became distinguished as a scholarly preacher and an able writer. For nine years he conducted the " Western Austra lian Record," and his writings exercised great influence in the colony. His appoint ment was hailed with delight by all, and before his departure for Adelaide he was the recipient of several addresses and pre sentations. Among the many tokens of respect and esteem which he received was the pre sentation of an address from the Children of Mary at Guildford, accompanied by a beautiful pectoral crosB and other gifts. On that occasion, the'chairman (Colonel S. Gardiner), made reference to the harmony which existed among the different religious sects in Guildford, and expressed his ad miration for Bishop Kelly, whose friend ship he could claim for a number of years. He congratulated him on the exalted posi tion he had attained in the Church to whicb his services were devoted. Very Rev. Father Bourke, V.G., also spoke, and said it was impossible to speak too highly of the excellent qualities of their guest of tHe evening. Dr. Kelly feelingly responded; and impressed upon those present the need of being charitable and liberal in their views, and working in harmony one with the other in promoting the welfare of humanity, and in building up a great Aus tralian nation. During the evening refreshments were provided by the good Sisters, and several selections were ren dered, including one by Mr. J. P. Doheny. The address of the Children of Mary and the school children were as follows :— To Right Rev. W. B. Kelly, Bishop-Elect of Geraldton. Your Lordship— Permit us, the Children of Mary and the children of St. Joseph's school, to offer you our very sincere con gratulations on your elevation to the dig nity of Bishop of Geraldton. You have at all times evinced the greatest interest in our welfare and have been ever ready to aid us by all the means in your power. We feel greatly our loss in being deprived of your zealous and devoted services, but our loss in this respect will be the gain of our young friends in Geraldton. In' parting thus with so kind a friend we would willingly present you, were it in oiir power, with an offering worthy of the esteem and love we entertain for you. But as this is impossible we beg of you to ac cept this little peotoral cross—made from our native West Australian gold—as some slight token of the affectionate regard we ever shall have for one who has done bo . much for our welfare. Wishing, you-every success in your new diocese and assuring you of a constant remembrance in our prayers, Weremain, Tour Lordship'sdevoted children, &c.;, [Here followeignatures.] Op the mwy britnds of tea now on the maxhet perhaps the beBt is the Blossom Tea supplied by the City Cash Store, Bundle Street. It has of late beoome very popular, by reason of its excellent qualities, as itis a combination of the fineBtgrowths of the tea plhnt. tit issupplied in air-tight tins by all grocers at popular prices. 