HERE AND THERE. An old friend of mine sends me what he calls an anagram, over which lie is obviously chuckling. I am not ashamed to confess that at first I was not quite certnin as to what an anagram was, sn I turned to my dictionary, and then i remembered. Everybody knows the game, in Which you are given a word,' and told to construct another word or short sentence out of it. It seems that in former times importance was attach- i ed to them, by Plato amongst other people, on the ground that there was some relation of them to the character or destiny of the persons from whose names they were formed. Whether tills is so in the ease of my friend's anagram, I must leave it to others to decide. Any how, the view proved correct enough in the anagram composed upon the name of Florence Nightingale, which was. “Flit On. Cheering Angel.” Having af forded this explanation for the beneiil of people who are no wiser than t was at first, I may present my friend's ana gram, merely premising rhat it is only intended as a harmless joke, and has no offensive mooning. Ho has discovered that the word Federation can be a.na grammed (that ought to be a dictionary word, if it isn’t) into "One Fat Reid.” And ho further presents it as “Fat Reid Won.” tint I don’t think either Plato or Socrates would approve of a phonetic There is not a. more kindly-mvtnred or | more truthful man hi the “Force” 1l\an Constable Strickland. Therefore, when lie says that there are flower sellers in SSwaoston street who can sometimes make twelve shillings a. day, it is ars the diotijrn Of cheTiTiinian. Thkinj- n.n aver age uer weeiv, -R v/iuld probablv mean; That 3s .nearly the pay of “V'-iir,ain imiKs. o» Horse 'Marines,” ayrt no "horse to feed upon corn and -beans.” Why. then, should I labor and toil these hard iimn wlih a van to keep in order and :i hwsi to f,-•;<! before I can put. a penny in my own pocket, when thr-re is such a field Often to me? Perish the thought. No. I will dye my moustache, cultivate a foreign accent—not Hutch—sing “Santa Lucia" through my nose, and olTol for sale the joyous jonquil, she modest violet, and the blooming boronia. in defiance of all that Ham and Co. or Chambers and Seymoui may say to the contrary. So long as 3 keep moving Strickland will not inter fere with me: “For ho himself has sale it,” and. what is more, “it’,;” greatly t: his credit. - ■ Master Stanley Evans, of North Mel bourne, aged ten years, has told the po lice a strange story. There is nothing about Cassimliaba or a cave of jewels ii: it, but there is something like a giant For, as Master Stanley was returning • from a visit to his aunt, with the com paratively large sum of twelve shilling? In his pocket, a, middle - aged man oi Her’culean proportions suddenly advanc ed upon him, swung him over his shoul der, after true bandit fashion, carried him off to a neighboring eow'shed, ant there quietly, but firmly, deprived bin of his money, adding insult to injury by the fc-rocious remark that ho was sorry the boy' himself was not negotiable.’ There is sad truth in this remark. A boy of ten is not negotiable—I never ye1 heard of anylyody who wanted to adopt one. Yon might, if he were remarkably fat or thin, or if lie had ton toes on one foot, hire him out to a waxworks or r circus. But if he be an ordinary boy as a negotiable medium he is worthless You couldn’t even raise a bath bun or s drink on him. He is neither a thing ol beauty nor a joy. You can’t put him ur to auction. No constable would tak< him in satisfaction of a distress war rant. You can “endorse” him—with t cane—but he is still of “no account.” It preternaturally sharp, an A.N.A. debat ing club might do something with him But in ordinary life he is simply' a nuis ance, too young to be to-lcl to “stop or the burning deck,” and too old to b< sent below to turn in with the babies. That Mr F. ,T. Sincoek has no faith ir our present method of dealing witl drunkenness is, to me, and many others a matter of indifference. The problerr has puzzled society for ages, and wii continue to do so till the milennium. As a matter of fact, there is no man more repentant than the drunkard himself especially when a recuperative brandy and-soda is not handy. But when Mt Sineock says that the whole staff ani paraphernalia of the Mansfield Gaol arc maintained to watch and look after a daily average of one prisoner, he be comes practical, and the matter wants looking into. As for the statement that there are 7500 male prisoners in out gaols to 1900 women, well, it is credit able to the gentler sex that they' are ir the minority. At the same time, tha! a governor and five or six Warders should be kept to look after one prisoner, is paying the latter too much attention. Twant to meet Mr Shoppee, the Mayor of Ballarat, Shoppee of the umbrella, who, side by side with the General, stood dauntless on the mullock heap when the decisive charge was made at the battle of Ballarat. ITe is a man of humor. Humor of the practical kind, without doing injury to anyone. He wouldn't hurt a. flea, much less a noisy- brother councillor. Therefore, ho is ouiy humorous wlren he says that he will load up the begging, Gipsies that are coming t.o town in two furniture vans, and dump them down in front of the Premier’s house, at St. Hilda. He knows that Sir George, though he is the soul of economy with Government money, is of a free and lavish disposition private ly, and that his heart will turn with warm sympathy towards the wandering Bohemians, whether they- come from the cedars of Lebanon or the groves of Thessaly. He would be genial even to a Turk. Besides, there is a pretty girl ,qf seventeen amongst them, and there is a c-harm to many' men in the dark eyes of an Eastern beauty. Mr Shoppee prob ably remembers the old Egyptian story of the hermit who, when tempted by such a one, passed her on to a distant brother. TVhat will Sir George do? Mr Styles, of Williamstown, may be an excellent engineer and a fair average specimen of the genus member of Par liament. But, as one of the Standing Railway Committee, or whatever else it is called, he is simply' wildly hilar ious, not to say poetic. According to his idea the figures and statistics fur nished by the officers of the Railway' de partment only show that they are not “grammarians.” He might as well say that they are not poets. Had he said that they were not versed in the old art of “gramaryo” I could understand him, for if ever anything was ever like “white magic” it is a railway time-table, let alone the more abstruse calculations which the department occasionally' fur nishes for the bewilderment of the gene ral . public. But why “grammar”?” The great Coker himself didn’t shine much in that direction, and I defy even the ghost of Nelson to see much literary and grammatical sty'le in Napier’s loga rithms. The most amusing part of it is that the style of Stylos himself as evinced in his statements and interroga tories, comes rather as a surprise upon the students of ordinary grammar if there be such. He is like a man I know who, so long as his “predicates”—ns he calls them—are, in his opinion, right, doesn’t care whether the remainder of his sentences are " tnpsalteerie” or otherwise. As for the railway people, aii effort to combine good grammar with arithmetical correctness might only make matters worse than they are. I Dot in setting1 on a bit in years.though I you mustn’t toll her I said so, and, al though we are not wealthy people, I have a few pounds in my chest. So one day .1: suggested to Dot that it might cheer un the house if we two old people were to have n young face about the house. That was my diplomacy, you see. Dot didn’t see it. She said: "We have been young together, John, and we j can grow old together comfortably, surely V" So, of course, I had to come to the ppint. You can’t deceive a good woman. And, after talking the mailer over. Dot admitted that, she sometimes found the house-work a hit heavy. So we got a young girl to come in and help. Now. ns you know, butter and'milk have been a bit expensive this year, and care ful Dot has been economising by using both condensed and eon cent rated milk. And, upon the supplier of ihos.t delicacies arriving at the house one morning, botli he and Dot were somewhat taken aback on hearing the domestic remark: “We don’t want no consecrated milk to-Jay. Missus fays she’3 got plenty.” it was the lack of education which made poor Bridget put The Sign of the Cross upon this milk. john peery'dingle 