THE greatest enemies of labor organisa tions are those that come from within. There has never been a movement yet for what is called the emancipation of the working classes that did not suffer in reputation and in funds by the in terference of extremists or amateur politicians. The body of workers who may be credited with intelligence, reading, and practical sense seems only a moiety of the mighty masses, of the people who do not read, who take their principles at second hand, and who gather their limited stock of information from firebrands whoße speeches are all Bound and fulig mous fury signifying nothing. Of such was evidently composed the meet ing which on Sunday last assembled on the Yarra bank to listen to Ben. Tillett, Dr Maloney, John Han cock (Happy John), and some others, who desired to celebrate by a demon stration in force the inauguration of the Intercolonial Society, or of some such organisation, whose original principles, and characteristics have grown misty and mystified in the pro cess of transplantation to the Anti podes. The May Day Celebration may be said to have lost all its original sig nificance. It was supposed to be for all time a Red Letter Day in tbe calendar of Labor, designed to become a universal holiday throughout the civilised world. It was to be a day of joy and rejoicing for the work ing men, who thus signalised their freedom from the hard conditions of their fate, and made them a power and political factor in every land. We are inclined to think that the promoters of Sunday’s demon stration felt that they were far from realising the bright expectations of the leaders of the great move ment with which the names of Mabx and Lassalle, the great German socialists, were associated; The chances are that, irrespective of sightseers, idlers, and larrikins, there were not 10, peradventure there were not 20, persons present at Sunday’s meeting who could explain the mean ing of the demonstration rightly. In 1862 a gigantic effort was made in London during the International Ex hibition to bring about an amalgama tion. of trades unionists, socialists, radicals, and all those of kindred feel ings and principles. For two years a vigorous agitation was maintained, and a plan was then formed of a power ful society of working men re presenting all nations, having its centre in London. Its object origin ally was to prevent needless com petition amongst working men, to regulate the conditions •of strikes, to establish the common interests of work ing men in different countries, and generally to ameliorate their condition. The society proved for a time a tremendous success, and the annual celebrations were a proof of its far reaching ramifications and power, but, as might be expected, the more its importance, influence, and wealth in creased the more distinctly revolu tionary and anarchical became its tendencies. This development es tranged the more sober members who did not want to precipitate a Reign of Terror. Finally the associa tion split up into sections, all varying in the extent to which they were pre pared to go in promoting the objects originally promulgated. The grand mistake made by this and other social and political combinations was in regarding the moneyed classes, we shall not say the capitalists, as the enemies of labor. Trades unionism, at first, proved the nearest approach to the solution of the problem of harmonising the interests of employer and employed. The latter, however, conscious of the power of combination, made rules and demanded terms re gardless of trade conditions, local sur roundings, or the inability of the employer to cope with outside com petition. This attitude of the trades unions, though partly successful, forced employers to introduce labor saving machinery, until the aspect of indus trial conflicts has been completely revolutionised to the prejudice of the working-man. These demonstrations of labor are to be deprecated rather than encouraged; but to heap ridicule and contempt on Sunday’s proceedings seemßinexecrable taste on the part of the Labor journal, the great organ of the Liberal party, the advocate of the working classes, whose Petek's pence raised for their guide, philosopher, and friend a colossal for tune. Labor, it must be confessed, has been having a bad time of it of late in Victoria, once its boasted para dise. “ Hans Breitman had a party; where is that party now ?” The leaders of the Trades’ Hall lead a party also. Where is that party gone 1 Where has the principal leader him self gone? Where has the great organ gone? Where the thousands that marched, in grim procession led, through Melbourne’s crowded streets to signalise the triumph of labor, and as they went cheering vociferously for the organ that now turns to rend tbeml All are gone—clean gone. Some have become too respect able for their old associates. Some have gone over to the enemy. are not beneath taking a paltry tip from a Bacchic Minister, on condition of pulling him through; others have slunk out of sight, “ the world for getting, by the world forgot.” The great majority have been starved out, and forced to seek elsewhere the means' of living, which the pet Ministry of the • Liberal paper could not afford them. Such is life. Sunday’s apotheosis of labor was only an attempt to raise the poor ghost of its former self, and it proved something, alas, to be pitied rather than held up to de rision. The series of meetings being organised by the Bdlarat Australian Natives’ Associations and District Federation Assnoiation was held last night in the Mechanics’ Institute, which was filled in every part by an attentive and enthusiastic audience. The Mayor o£ the City (Cr Shnppee) occupied the chair, and the meeting was addressed by the Chief Seorotary (the Hon. A. J. Peuoook) and Messrs Kir'on and Yale, M.’sL.A., and a resolution in favor of the bill was carried with acclamation, not a single hand being held up against it. A report of the proceedings appears elsewhere in The Star. The removal of gravel from the city side of the oentre boundary line of the creek at White Flat was discussed at some length at the meeting of the City Council yesterday. The mayor reported that be had in his posses sion the names of the transgessors, and wished to know what aotion he should take in the matter. Cr Heinz suggested that it wonld be sufficient if the mayor was empownred to take proceedings against any person offending from that date. He thought that it wonld be as well not to prosecute the persona referred to by the mayor, bat now that warn ing had been given subsequent offenders should be dealt with. Cr Brokenshire eeonnded the motion, and submitted that as each oonnoil claimed the gravel they abonld not be too baety in taking aotion. Cr Bell eaid that the removal of gravel from the creek had been going on for years, and it was time it was put a atop to. Cr Morey twitted Cr Brokenshire with holding a brief for the Ballarat Bast Council, who, he eaid, could take care of themselves. Asa representative of the City Council he was in favor of authorising the mayor to take aotion against the offenders. Cr Elliott held the Bame view. The mayor said that tbs offenders knew perfectly well that they ware doing wrong. The gravel had been taken from the weet aide of the a«nt.re line of the oreek. On the qaeation being put Cr Heinz’s motion was lost. The May sittings of the County Court will be commenced at the courthouse, Lyditrd street, at 10 o’clock this morning. The list of business is a light one, and it ia anticipated that the whole of the oases Bet down for hearing will he disposed of in a oonple of days. The Lioensing Conrt will sit to morrow, at 10 o’clook. ' A statement made in the mayor’s report to the City Council yesterday that there appears to be no scarcity of work, judging by the poor response made when the conncil calls for tenders for work to be done, provoked a little discussion. Cr Elliott said that, as a matter of foot, there were a number of men out of employment, but they did not tender for council work.se they had not the pluck to do so. Cr Heinz believed that the aoarcity of tenders was due to the fact that the men ont of employment had not the oapital to enable them to take a contract. To oarry out the work s oentractor wonld require a good dray and horr-e, and this meant, a heavy expense. He believed there was an excellent opening in Ballarat for oontraotora who had the moans to provide borsea and drays. William Fremantle, who was seriously in jured on Saturday by falling from a butcher’s cart which he was driving, whilst'endeavoriug to regain possession of a broken rein, still lies at tho Hospital in a somewhat critioal condi tion. The extent of his injuries has not yet been definitely ascertained. The want of a resident postmaster in Bal larat W-stw iB again discussed at the meeting .of the City Counoil yesterday. Cr Brokenshire eaid that it wis a redioulous thing that an important city like Ballarat should be without a resident postmaster, and he considered that steps should be taken to remedy the matter. Cr Bell said that the only thing the oouncil oonld do was to keep agitating and eventually they might get their wishes complied with. The premises at the West post-office had been done up to provide suitable accommodation, but th-re the matter had Btopped and the plaoe was now empty. Cr Morey said tbat he understood that the postmaster preferred to live in Ballarat East. Cr Brokenahere said such was not the case. He moved—” That a deputation be appointed to wait on the Post master-General to urge the appointment of a postmastor to Ballarat West.” The motion was seconded by Cr M’Donald and carried unanimously. The earn of £319 was reported at the meet ing of the Bnngareeshire Conncil yesterday to have besn received from the Treasurer as nn equivalent for the licensing fees under tho Lioensing Aot 1890 for lust year. The sum of ■£334 4a 6d.waa al-o received aa the proportion of tbe amount of £50,000 voted for the endow ment of mnnioipalities, payable for the half year ending 30th June next. At the close of tbeir meeting yesterday the the members of the Ballarat Mining Board paid tbeir first official visit to the School of MinSs. The fall board- was present, and the members were most cnnrteonsly conducted over the school and the musenm by the presi dent (Mr A. Anderson) and tbe registrar (Mr F. J. Mattel!). They expressed themselves as highly delighted with all tbat they saw, taking partienlar interest in the appliances jaet added for treating alluvial alums. All of the members spoke with surprise of the pro gress the school had made and wonder at tbs fact that the efforts of those who managed its affairs did not meet with more geoerous oon sideralion at the bands of tbe Government. After --. the tnipeotioo ■ • the visitors were entertained with light refreshments by the - president, who in complimentary terms proposed the toast of “Success to the Mining Board.” In doing so he referred to the avennee for employment opened to those who bad secured the school certificates, remarking that parents woold batter consult the welfare of their sons by sending them to Buoh an insti tution than by endeavoring to secure for them positions as bank clerks. Mr Greece, chair man of the board, suitably responded, and in flattering terms proposed the health of “The President.” After separating, amidst mutual expressions of goodwill, the members declared their intention to see more of the School in the future than they had done in the past. Farming operations are being carried on ex t‘naively at Bungaree just now in consequence of the very favorable weather that ha 9 lately prevailed. Along the old Melbourne road ploughing and harrowing may be seen going on at nearly every farm in sight, and the country in the distriot presents a very pic tareaque appearance. Wheat, oat**, and other oareals are being extensively sown, and the majority of the farmers are looking forward to good crops if they get a moderately dry ’winter and copions Bpring rains. They con sider these conditions preferable to early rains notwithstanding that they find the ground at present hard for ploughing. The effects of the ravages of the recent frost are very marked among the potatoes, and there are very few crops of even a fair quality. The prisoners Martin, Benson, and Darcy, who were sentenced at the last oriminal sessions of the Supreme Court here, were yesterday transferred from the Ballarat to the Castlemaine Gaol. While the mayoral report was under dis cussion at the nnetiog of the City Council yesterday afternoon, Cr Brokenßhire expressed a fear that the adoption of a certain clause would commit the oounoil to snpport a further loan. The mayor, in referring to the last loan Soared, reported as follows:—“It has been the means of giving employment to snoh an extent that all are occupied, the facts ab«ve prove this, and I hope the council, will con tinue the wise course have adopted, independent of adverse critioism by per sons who do not know the benefit workmen and all have derived. Cr Brokenahire moved that the words after “ occupied ” be struck out, as he did not wish to bind bimaelf in any way in favor of another loan. Cr Whykea seconded the amendment. The mayor assured Cr Brokonshire that he had not the least cause for fear, and that the adoption of the clause as it stood would not prevent his voting as he wished in' the event of another loan being suggested at the connoil. Cr Bell also tried to reassure Cr Brokenßhire, hut the latter preferred to make himself perfeotly secure, and pressed for a vote on the question. On the amendment being put to th« meeting it was carried by five votes to four, C>b Shoppee, Bell, Elliott, and Heinz voting in the negative. Cr Elliott remarked th*t he trusted that his voting against i he amendment would not lead people to think that he favored another loan. A meeting of the exeontive committee of the Shoppee Testimonial wa3 held last night at Craig’s hotel, when most satisfactory progress was reported, over .£3OO having already been promised. A large number of circulars were sent out yesterday, to which prompt replies ara requested, iu order to facilitate the work of the committee. It was decided to ask the following gentlemen to allow their names to be added to the exeontive committee, viz.;— Messrs A Bell, Harry Davies, John H-inz, John Snow, Jos. Phillips, Chas. Walker, James Coghlan, Wm. Tnllocb, Wm. Kennn, W. I». Bentley, John M’Lsod, S. G. Valen tine, H. W. H. Irvine, Thus. Bobinson, R. G. Middleton, Dr Pinnock, Lieutenant-Colonel Greenfiold, and Lieutenant-Colonel Williams. Entries for the Grenvilleshire races, to bs held on the 14th inat., close for all events, exoept the H ick Race, to-day, and must be acoompanisd by the nomination fees otherwise they will not be recognised. Mr C. Maotaggart, of Cape Clear, is the secretary. At yesterday’s masting of the Mining Board, the chairman (Mr Greens) referred to a matter of considerable interest to residents of Egerton. Some time ago the Egerton Tnrf Club sought to obtain possession of soma land a little distance from the township as a raca conrae, bat the Mining Board entered an objeotion on the ground that it might inteifere with mining operations at the Egerton mine, by enabling the trustees to prevent sludge from the olaim flowing over the land. The trustees, recognising the justice of thß objeo tion, came to an arrangement with the directors of the company, under which they guaranteed not to hold the corn- B pany liable for any damage which might be oaused by sludge if they obtained a lease. The agreement to this effect was signed about three months aga, upon which the Mining Board withdrew its objections, and no diffiaalty was anticipated in the way of having the land gazetted as a reserve for racing purposes. It now appears, however, that there is very great delay on the part of the Lands Department, and it is feared that some influence is at work inimical to the club’s derire-. The last letter received concerning the matter was forwarded from the depart ment about the end of December last, in which those interested in having the land pro claimed a-reserve were informed that the papers in connection with the matter had been forwarded to the L mds Office at Bal larat for report, and nn enquiry at that office it was ascertained that the report had been forwarded as far hack as the 18th Jannary. Mr Greene remarked that it was his inten tion to recommend to the trustees of the clnb a course of aotion which he thought might have the effect of indaaing the Minister to come to a speedy decision. The parties interested are highly indignant at the delay which has ocomred, especially as all the obstacles at first raised to their obtaining possgs-ion of the land have been overcome, and they have not been notified of any others. Albany mast be a fairly prosperous tows, aaoording to Mr Jordan, the assistant town olerk and rate collector, who is now on a trip to Ballarat, That gentleman yesterday visited the Town Hal], Ballarat East, and was nhown over the offices and gardens. Me Jordan states that there is praotioally no poverty there, and the council takes drastic steps for the reoovery of rates. Upon those whiah are not paid by June 10 per oent. interest is charged, and if they are not paid within another month an additional 10 per cent, is added. Ratepayers in these municipalities would probably raise an outcry if the councils adopted any such methods for gathering in the revenue. At the meeting of the City Connoil yester day Cr Elliott; expressed an opinion that within a few years’ time the Ballarat Botanio >1 Gardens would be recognised as the finest in Australia. He pointed out that five years ago the gardens oost tbs council £2OOO annu ally, and now the oost was only £l5OO, while batter results were obtained, and that what was formerly a wilderness was now trans formed into an earthly paradise. A miner named Simon Powell, aged 30 years, was arrested by Constable Carroll yes terday on a charge of having unlawfully assaulted Thomas Carroll, licensee of the Eastern Station hotel, Humffray street. It is alleged that Powell was oreating a disturbance in the hotel. On being requested to leave the promises he became violent, and seized the liosnsso by the throat. He was than given in charge and locked no. Those to whom money payment is dua in connection with the Easter encampment may have their acooun’s settled at the local Treasury, where the various cheques have been received from the Defence Depart ment. A largely-attended meeting of the Ballarat Crioket Association was held at the Unicorn hotel, Start street, last nighl; Mr J. L. Anderson, the president, ocenpying the ohair. The object of the meeting was to discußs the question of completing the matches now in progress, in view of the fact that the Eastern and Western Ovale will be utilised by foot bailers next Saturday. It was. decided, after some dieoassion, to close the cricket season as it. now stands, and not take into consideration the present unfinished matches in the pre miership list. This decision plaoss Ballarat A and B teams and Wondoaree all level on the list," each having three wins, one loss, and one draw, and Eißt Ballarat, with one win, four losses, and a draw, last. The position of the latter club could not Wave altered if the present matches had been concluded. It is to be regretted that the interesting matohea on hand cannot be finished, bnt the fact of three clubs being equal jn honors should inorease the interest that will be taken in next year’s cricket. Two inebriates were arrested in Ballarat East yesterday. One, a young woman, who was arrested in a very advanoed stage of intoxication, oaused considerable trouble. She appeared to be in a somewhat aerinns condition from having partaken of several liberal doses of brandy, and madioal aid was allied. After a couple of hoars, however, Rbe recovered. At the meeting of the City Council yester day 24 magnificent ohrvsanthemnm blooms grown by Mr Rooney, of the Botanical Gar dens, were on exhibition in the Connoil Chambers. The flowers were most favorably commented upon by the councillors, and a mouon that a lettar bo sect to Mr Rooney oomplimenting him on the display was moved by Cr Elliott, seconded by Cr Whykea and oarried unanimously. Iu mov ing the resolution Cr Elliott unfortunately' feUfonl of some of his brother councillors who objeoted to bis remarks that Mr Roenev had been compelled to grow his plants in old kerosene tine, beoause he was afraid to requiai turn the finance oommittee to provide funds for the purchase of flower pots. Cr Bell com menced to reply to the statements, whioh he asserted wae incorrect, when Or Elliott inter jeoted that it was trne, and that if the onnneil bad been asked to supply funds Cr Bell’a hair wonld bsTe turned white. Cr Ball appealed to the mayor to rebake Cr Elliott; who he asserted, was continually interrupting speakers. The Mayor requested Cr Elliott to observe the rales of .debate, and reminded him f|at he always received a courteous hear in*, and wu not interrnpted byothßr°'nan oillors. Cr Elliott stated that it would not matter if he were. Cr Bell, reoaming hia remarks, said that he believed that every requisition sent in by Rooney to the nnano committee had been granted. _He thon?ht that it was a strange thine that Cr Elliott did not complain at the finance committee m ® “ inee, bat there he never Baid anything. Ur Elliott said be knew it wa« no good, bat he intended to call a meeting of the ratepayers at the end of the year, and he would then speak on the matter, and allow the ratepayers to judge. So long ae he was inthecounou be would apeak what he thought, and he did not care if ha was opposed by the other eight councillors. Cr Morey, in regard to the lack of flower pots, said that if Mr Eooney wanted some he would give him what he required. Ors Heioz and Brekenahire also disagreed with or Elliott’s remarks. James Smythe, a laborer, aged 37, was arrested yesterday by Plainclothes-Constable Montague, on a oharga of having stolen an an axe, a pick, a spade, and a hammer, tne property of Frank Smythe. On Thursday tbe latter gave information to the police regarding the theft, and on making enquiries CoMtabm Montague recovered the hammer at Mr Levy b pawn shop, Main street, Mr Levy identified the scoured as the man who pawned the hammer, and the accused was taken to the lock up. A vary interesting paper on “Boses” was read by Mr Rattray at the meeting of the Ballarat Horticultural S iciety last night, when rosegrowers and lovers of the *' Queen of flowers” were given some valuable hints and utivios as to its culture. Mr Rattray said that as regarded hybrid perpstnae, _ tha ques tion might bs a9ked, had the limit, after 30 years’ work, been reached iu the matter of pew varietiee. A certain point had been arrived at when nature “gets her baok np,” and eaya, “Hitherto ehalt thou go, and no further,” and to obtain anew variety was now a triumph. Three-quarters of the garden rosea now grown had como of two varieties, the Boss 6 illica or rose of Southern Europe, and the Rosa Indica or Chinese Rose. Prom the former oame the many French varieties, and othsr well-known rosea of thia ciaas, while from the latter had sprnng the popular tea rose family. Attempts to raise new varieties were rare in this oountry, where one expected to gat a dozen plants for 10a 61, while in England this would be the prioe of one. At tention was directed principally to growing the' well-known kinde of roses that never lost popularity. Mr Rattray then gave minute direotions in regard to planting, pruning, mannring, &c;„ and a was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. The beer dnty for l»Rt month amounted to £1761 Is 3d, against £1726 16a 5d for Aoril, 1897\. - In a supplementary report to the City Conncil yesterday the mayor drew attention to tbs exoessive prevalenoe thia season of typhoid fever, wbioh haa caused _ ssriona anxiety as to Hospital aooommodation. He explained that aa a result of an interview be tween the president and secretary of the Hospital, and the Mayor ef Ballarat East and himself, the Hospital Committee bad _ been promised that the conncils wonld assist in providing extra accommodation. Ha asked the council to sanotinn his action. _ Several of the councillors epoke on the question, and the mayor was assured that his promise to the Hospital Committee would receive the heartiest endorsement. Considerable interest is evinced by 100a 1 Bremen in the Alarm and Rash on bicycles, which will take place in connection with the Grantham benefit on Friday afternoon next, at the Eastern Oval. Aa a large number of the members of the brigades are very good riders, and aleo very smart at the hydrant and hose work, the event, which will bs attempted for. the first time in Australia, should have an ex cellent test sb to its practicability. The result is awaited with great interest. Speaking at the people’s meeting on Satur day night the’Rev. T. E. Clonston, of Sydney, remarked that he had had the pleasure of the acqnaintanoe of the la f e Rev. J. W. Xnglis, formerly of Ballarat, in New South Wales, and his friend was never tired of speaking of the beauties of Ballarat, “beautiful Ballarat’’ was the term applied to thia City. He (tha speaker) had visited Melbourne and did not expect to aee much after a visit to Hobart, but could not resist coming on to Ballarat, and he bad no hesitation in describing Ballarat as the meet beautiful inland city of the colonies, Under ordinary circumstances the Ballarat Presbytery would meet to-morrow morning, but in consequence of the meeting of the Commission of the General Assembly in Mel- bourne, the presbytery will not assemble until next month. At yesterday’s meeting of the Ballarat Mining Board the retiring chairman was pre sented with an illuminated address, the text of which was aa follows: —“To William S. Ward, Esqre. Dear Sir, — We, the under signed, m-mbers of the Mining Board for the Mining Diatriot of B illarat, desire to place on record our warm appreciation of the services rendered by you as onr chairman for tho past 12 months. Your long experience in the mines as a workman and as a mine mana ger has qualified yon in a high degree to under stand the wants of the miners and the re strictions imposed nn the mining industry, and hence the great value of the advice and assistance given by yon te the board at all times when dealing with mining legislation. We also bear w.illing testimony to yonr un tiring industry and to your faithful aervioes as a member of the board daring the many years you have represented the Creswick division as its member, which aervioes we feel sure have met with the approval of your late constituents, and from wbioh constituency yon voluntarily retire in consequence of your re removal from that portion of the diatriot. While sincerely regretting the loss the board has sustained by yonr retirement, we beg your aaoeptanoe of this slight token of the esteem in which yon are held by us. Wish ing yon every prosperity and happiness, per mit us to subscribe ourselves, Dear Sir, Yours very faithfully.” Tbs ohirman (Mr Greene), in making the presentation, referred in very complimentary terms to the manner in wbioh Mr Ward had disoharged hie duties, and the recipient suitably responded. The address was beeatifally illuminated by Messrs F. W. Niven and Cos., and enclosed in a very hand some and massive frame. Messrs R. 17. Nicholls and Co.’s magnificent prize chrysanthemum blooms were on view at their establishment in Armstrong street yes terday, and attracted considerable attention. The splendid collection exhibited by Mr Edwards, curator of the Town Gardens, have been returned to the fernery, where they are set up in a most artistio manner, with the names attached, for the convenience of visitors. The display is a superb one, embrac ing nearly all tho newest varieties and many old favorites, and reflsots the greatest credit upon Mr Edwards and his assistants. A young man named Robert Rankin, 25 years of age, describing himself aa a tinsmith, was arrested by Plainclothes-Constable Mon tague yesterday on a charge of being idle and disorderly, aud of having insnffioieut lawful visible me ins of snpport. The annual meeting of the Lydiard street Wesleyan Dorcas Society was held last Friday afternoon. The report of the past year’s work showed that the fnnds at the disposal of the Hsoiety had been judiciously expended. Ar rangements for the winter meetings of the aooiety and matters appertaining -to the pro viding of funds for the relief of deserving oases were discussed. Mrs Nya was re- eleoted president, Miss Brown secretary, and Miss Dimsey, treasurer. The entertainment to be given on Friday evening next, half the pro ceeds of wbioh are to be devoted to the Bocieby, was referred to, and the members are nsing their bast endeavors to ensure Bucoess. The limelight apparatus to be nsed on the occasion by Mr Gunn is of 2000 candle power, and the cinematograph pictures have been exhibited before an audienoe of 7000 in the Exhibition Building, Melbourne. The conoert pro gramme, as advertised in Saturday’s isane, should ensure a large andience, and consider* ably increase the exchequer of an indispensable sooiety. At the City Police Court this morning George Martin will be brought up on remand on a charge of unlawfully assaulting his wife. The first examination in Ballarat of the Musical Sooiety of Victoria was held on Satur day at the Central State school. The examina tion wae in theory only. The practical work will be taken on Saturday next, when candi dates will be examined in pianoforte playing by Mr E. A. Jnesr (president of the society), Mr T. J. Hammond (vioe-president), and Mr G. H. Soares (member of the society with | special diploma). An arrest was effected yesterday in Mr J. Long’s paddock at the Springs by Plain clothes Constable Montague, the accused being William Ranford, who is oharged on a warrant with having stolen a pair of hamea valued at 12s 6d, the property of Joseph Dnnstan, of Sonth , Richmond. It is alleged that tha accused called on Dnnstan on 23rd Maroh last, and “ borrowed ” the artioles, but failed to return them to their owner. The announcement that the programme at the Sonth street People’s Concert last night would be provided by the Pay no Quintette Party was snffioient to draw a very large to the South Btreet Society's Hall, and soma time before this hoar announced for commencing the entertainment every seat was filled. Needless to say, tho entertainment was of i a must enjoyable description, and the andience showed by frequent applause how greatly the performance was appreciated. The programme inotnded part songs by tha com pany, hand bellringing, selections on musical glasses, and other items, each of whieb waa favorably received by the andienoe, encores being frequently demanded. Asa nnmber of people were nnable to gain admission to the hall last night,-they will be gratified to learn that the same -company will pro? vide the programme at the concert next Monday night, when another maa ; C4l , may be expected The S nub street col 2“ are deserving of great praise for ~?*»• each excellent entertainments and ths D|! ' l0 £ attendance last nieht amply that their enterprise ia farorably recall-r 1 * the public. s ar aed fcj The monthly meeting of the Ballard n , cultural Society wae held at the AlfraHn last evening; Mr T. Sanndera in th» d ? ,il Apnlogiea were received for the „hs Messrs Biggs, Jones, and secretary submitted hie report of th i 9 show, whiob wae received and adopted , the accounts of the show were nar a „j 7 11 payment. Arrangements wars modo f ° annual meeting, which takes place on 6 h T ° 3 and already mention is being m ,d o 9D! . subscribers being nominat-d for the eum,.-.?* At the conclusion of the business y Rattray read aaplendid p iper ■m “The R . •Several of the members 9po ke in glowing of tho paper, and expressed t| lo hone th would be published in ihe local p ro3a P that “* A young man named Cliarlee Moore » • dent of Hill street, was treated at th. ir„ .. !u yesterday for a laceration of one the"!! 1 caused by falling on a broken gU 0a bott o mb| A public meeting w .s held at the Bn„„' shire Hall, Leigh Cr-ek, yesterday for Jh 9 purpose of electing two m- mbers of the Wa iuittee of management of the Bungsrea Mb ' and reor-ation reserve trustees of the re „, tlcs in piece of the two original memb-rs y" 9 ' T. Richards and J. Deverenx, dece.-nrt w 9 Andrew Wade presid-d. Th-. meeting lasted a few minutes, Messrs A. W ,d 0 and a 7 J. Forbes b<-ing unanimously elected. 9 *• G-orge Garson eged 18 years, employed „ runner at Mr Sim Cohen’s hotel Lvi, s Btreet, was arrested yesterday, on warrant iS Detective Wtrdley and Plain clothes n„„ stable Montague on a charge of having brnh into a Chinaman’s hat and stolen a Dl j* !a . troUBers, a silver chain, and asr-ral boit|»s °{ Chinese peppermint. The accused was i„s “I in the City lookup. The executive committee 0 f the W nm „. Ward Fond will meet this afternoon in th City Hall. Business important; full attend ance requested. ' a ‘ In view of the low state of the financ-s of the Bnngareeahir-, it was decided at th. meeting of the ehire council yesterday that the manager of the council's hank, the Bank New South Wales, should bawritte,, to aB y * for the accommodation required by the cnm oil to carry it over th- pr-aent financial year' and to enquire, in the event of th- request being granted, what rate nf interest would be charged. a The B illarat Fire Brigade Club met last night at the Fire Brigade station, under the presidency of Mr P. Coekbnrn. Th- meeting was of very short duration, there being no business to bring forward. It was resolved to aid in tb- Garubam benefit gathering, to be held next Friday, and endeavor to make the effort a enaceß*. From an advertisement in another o-luma it will be aeon that the annnal Wesleyan Homs Mission Society’s me-tinga are being he'd this w-ek in the various churches in the Balia, rat East circuit. T- night the Rs?. E. 8. Biokford and Mrs V-rcne will sddr es a public meeting m 'he Neil street church Lec ture Hall. Mr B yth will take the ch iir, and an interesting meetiug is expeo'ed. 