BALL AT BULONC (From Our Own Correspondent.) BULoRG, September 15. Last night a ball was given in the Miners' Institute by the A.N.A., and was thoroughly well attended, some 60 couples being in evidence. The hall was tastefully decorated with wild flowers, evergreens, etc, the flags of England and America being intertwined and in a prominent position. The catering was in the hands (f Mr and Mrs Townsend and a first-class supper. was provided, the tables being laid upon the stage. The music was all the could be wished, and as Mr Burmeister was M.O. it may be depended on that everything was well carried out. Al though this was a fancy dress ball a great number of ladies and gentlemen attended in evening dress. Your cor respondent was fairly exercised in his endeavor to determine who was the "belle," and after much mental worry abandoned the task. Mr W. E. Ransome, the secretary of the A.N.A. Bulong Branch, must have worked very hard to have brought the affair to such a successful issue, and.the society must he complimented upon giving one of the very best of the many good balls that have been held here. The foliowiug is a list of the ladies' dresses and the names of the gentlemen who were in fancy dress t-Mrs J. 8. Lyons, pirrette ; Mrs T. Fisher, flight of swallows ; Miss O'Callaghan, nurse; Miss Vetter, forget-me-not; Mrs'lHurst, night; Miss Gibson, evening dregs Mrs Lockard, evening dress; Miss Madden, (Kanowna), evening dress; Miss Cook, evening dress; Mrs Dempsey, (Kalgooriie), evening dress Miss Bennen, (Kalgoorlie), evening dress ; Mrs B. J. Corry, evening dress; Mrs Norris, (Kalgoorlie), evening dress; Miss Gibleft, my sweet heart; Miss Lidington, gipsy ; Mrs J. Woods, even ing dress; Miss Ryan, evening dress; Miss M. Ryan, starlight ; Miss Kil patrick, good luck; Miss Lockard, even ing dress ; Mrs T. Grant, carnival Mrs Barabageur, evening dress; Mrs Waldock, evening dress; Mrs Robert son, evening dress; Mrs Wentworth, evening dress; Mrs F. Corry, night; Mrs Lawn, epanish dancer; Mrs Leckey, evening dress; Miss Harper, *evening dress; Miss Phillips, evening dress; Mrs Tims, romp; Miss Madden, (Kanowna) evening dress; Mrs Martin, evening dress; Mrs liahn, evening dress ; Mrs Townsend, music ; Mrs Tounsing, Ma Mie Rosette; Mrs Dowel, evening dress ; Mrs Bidwell, evening dress Mrs Rol ertson' evening dregs Miss R. Best; duntplings; Mrs Giblen, evening dress; Mt A. Burmeister, Rus sian skater ; Mr J. Grant, man o'war's manl; Mr 8. Woods, clown; Mr C. Woods, trooper; Al r Burden, ghost; Mr II. K. Corry, daikie; Mr Townsend, confectioner. A gang of tramps, which for nearly a year past has, terrorised the peol le of Trenton, New Jersey, by highway rob beries and burglaries, has been captured after % novel chase. The police received information that a - man belonging to Trenton had been robbed by the gang at Coalport; about half a mile beyond the limits of New Jersey City. The police telephoned to the Pennsylvania Railroad officials, and a special locomotive was hurriedly secured to carry a posse of detec tives to Coalport. There were 12 men on the locomotive, which ran out at 2 a.m. The headlight was extinguished. In the deep woods just outside Trenton a num ber of men were seen running down the track. T1 e locomotive soon overtook them. The men then ran in behind the trees and began to open fire with their revolvers upon the men on the locomo tive. The officers returned the fire, and succeeded in capturing the gang. - 