ST. PAUL'S NEW SUNDAY SCHOOL. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. BISHOP GOE ON RELIGIOUS EDUCATION. His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Goe, Bishop of Melbourne, arrived in this city by the first train from the metropolis yesterday morning for the purpose of laying the foundation stone of St. Paul's new Sunday school, which is in course of erection. The bishop was met at the railway station by the Ven, Archdeacon Mac Cullagh and other clergymen of the diocese, and several officers of the church and Sunday school. He was driven to St. Paul's Parsonage, where he was the guest of the archdeacon. Extensive preparations had been made for the ceremony. A platform had been erected for the clergy and other distinguished visitors, raised seats for the accommodation of the choir, and bunting was profusely displayed, the Sunday school's Diamond Jubilee banner occupying a prominent posi tion, while the Union Jack floated from the flagpole at the top of the tower. The ceremony took place at 4 o'clock in the presence of a large concourse of people. The clergy marched in procession from the parsonage to the plat- form, the students at the Perry Hall lending the way. In addition to the bishop, there were on the platform the Ven Archdeacon MacCullagh, the Revs. R. C. Nugent Kelly, M.A. (All Saints'), E. A. Crawford, rural dean (Christ Church, Castlemaine), W. C. Sadlier, M.A. (curate of St. Paul's Church), T. Ghent (Rochester), H. J. Allcock, M.A. (Kerang), C. A. Brewer, B. A. (St. Peter's Church, Eaglehawk), and H. F. Goss and the following readers— Messrs. T. J. Redhead, W. H. Beers, A. E. Saxon, M. Herring, C. E. Thomson and H. S. Wells, the mayor, Mr. A. Harkness, in his robes of office and wearing the mayoral gold chain, Crs. J. H. Abbott, M.L.C., A. S. Bailes, M.L.A., and J. R. Hoskins, the town clerk, Mr. W. Honeybone, and the officers of the church and Sunday school. The Ven. Archdeacon said that on behalf of St. Paul's Church and Sunday school he had much pleasure in welcoming, the bishop that afternoon, and requesting him to lay the founda tion stone of their new building. For some years they had had a difficulty in getting ac commodation for all the children attending the school, and they had been compelled to use the church, an arrangement which had been incon venient to the young people and members of the congregation. It was estimated that the additional buildings which had been decided upon would cost about £1,500, and would pro vide accommodation for 500 more scholars than they at present had. The intention was to erect the front portion first, then the rear portion, and eventually to remove the present structure and erect in its place between the front and rear portions a much, more sub stantial building. They now had about 1,100 scholars on the roll, and the officers and teachers numbered 78 persons. The ladies of the congregation had raised £100, and the teachers and scholars £360, making a total of £460 already in hand towards the cost of the new building. They were all working harmoniously together, and he had no doubt the balance of the money required would be raised in due time. (Hear, hear.) The fact of their having decided to erect such a struc ture as that of which they were just going to lay the foundation stone, was a clear proof of their confidence, in the stability of this gold-field. (Applause.) When he (the archdeacon) arrived here in 1868 there were people who freely asserted that Bendigo was "played out." (Laughter.) .It was not "played out" yet— (hear, hear)— and he felt confident it would be a long time before it was. (Hear, hear.) He trusted that the building which was in course of erection would stand for many years, and that hundreds and thousands of children would be, through it, taught to be good citizens and prepared for the higher life beyond the grave. (Hear, hear.) He expressed his sincere thanks to the bishop for having at some personal in convenience attended that afternoon to lay the foundation stone of the new school, which only added one more to the many favors bestowed by his Lordship on this portion of the diocese and St. Paul's in particular. (Applause.) , His lordship remarked that it was customary on the erection of public buildings to lay with solemnity some principal stone to represent the foundation or cornerstone. In accordance with that custom they had assembled to lay the foundation stone of a building to be used in the special education of children and others in the Christian faith. He urged his hearers to re member the words of holy writ— "Except the Lord build the house, their labor is but lost that build it ; except the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain," and im plored the blessing of Almighty God on their undertaking. The choir having sung the 85th Psalm, " O How Amiable Are Thy Dwellings, Thou Lord of Hosts," the Ven. Archdeacon MacCullagh read a portion of the Corinthians, third chap ter. The architect (Mr. F. W. Lehmann), and the contractor (Mr. J. R. Daley) were introduced to the bishop, who was presented by the latter with a handsome silver trowel, bearing an in scription commemorative of the occasion. Mr. J. Glen Oliphant read the following statement which was engrossed on a sheet of parchment:— " This foundation stone of St. Paul's Sunday School buildings was laid by the Right Rev. F. F. Goe, D.D., Lord Bishop of Melbourne, on the 23rd March, 1898, the Ven. Archdeacon MacCullagh being incumbent, the Rev. W. C. Sadlier, curate; Albert Bush, W. H. Carwardine, G. Budds, churchwardens ; Wm. Powell, hon. treasurer ; J. W. Faul, hon. secretary ; John Emery, J. R. Hoskins, J. Glen Oliphant, J. Ikin, Henry Jackson, H. J. Jack son, J. Harwood, J. Robshaw, W. Sutton: and J. H. Knight, vestrymen ; Alfred Hill, superin tendent; and T. Cambridge, hon. secretary of the Sunday school." The scroll, together with copies of The Bendigo Advertiser, Independent, Evening Mail and "Church Record," was placed in a bottle, and deposited in a cavity under the stone, which was then lowered into position, was formally laid by the bishop, who declared it to be well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. Amen. The stone, which was of polished granite, and bore the following inscription in gilt letters:— "To the Glory of God, this memorial stone was laid by the Right Rev. F. F. Goe, D.D., Lord Bishop of Melbourne, on 23rd March, 1898, the Ven. Archdeacon M'Callagh, incumbent," was a splendid piece of workmanship, and was the gift of Messrs. P. Finn and Co. The choir sang the well-known hymn, "The Church's One Foundation is Jesus Christ her Lord," and the Ven. Archdeacon offered up prayer. The bishop thanked the Ven. Archdeacon for his kindly words of welcome, and paid a high tribute of praise to that worthy clergyman for the faithful manner in which he discharged the duties of his office. He (the bishop) felt certain that if his predecessor, Bishop Moorhouse, could only be present that afternoon he too would join him in his expressions of admiration for the archdeacon. (Hear, hear.) He warmly congratulated the archdeacon on his return after his brief holiday, and hoped that he would long be spared to carry on the work of the parish. (Hear, hear.) The event which had brought them together that day, the laying of the foundation stone of the enlarged building, which was to provide accommodation for an ad ditional 500 scholars, made them naturally think of that prominent subject "Education." Although it had become somewhat hackneyed, yet there were so many false opinions about the question that they had to keep referring to it even though they might be repeating the same thing over and over again. Education was something more than the mere acquisition of knowledge. He was persuaded that the educa tion, which merely consisted of that, was very inadequate. Education, to be complete, must be spiritual as well as moral. If they took a seed and placed it on a table or locked it up in a drawer, nothing would come of it, but if they put it into the soil it would gradually develop and come out, "first the blade, then the ear, and after that the full corn in the ear." On one oc casion Michael Angelo was walking with a friend through the streets of Florence when they came across a block of marble. Angelo at once set to work on it, and when his friend asked him what he was doing, he replied " there's an angel in this block, and I must get him out." To his (the bishop's) mind that represented education. In each child there was a something which had to be drawn out and developed, just as the sculptor moulds a beautiful piece of statuary out of the rough block of marble. There was the conscience, the moral and the spiritual nature which required to be developed, and un less that were done the child's education was not worthy of the name. If they struck religion out of education the child would grow up in ignorance of God and of the future life, for which the present is only a preparatory state. That being so, Sabbath schools were an absolute necessity, especially as long as the Bible is ex cluded from the State schools. Therefore, he rejoiced that in this important parish accommo dation was to be made for 500 more scholars in St. Paul's Sunday School. Many holy associa tions arose about the Sunday schools, associa tions which would remain dear in the minds of the boys and girls long after they had grown up to be men and women, and he (the bishop) felt thankful to know that there were so many ex cellent ladies and gentlemen who were carrying on the good work at St. Paul's. He fervently prayed that God's blessing would rest upon them and that when the building had been completed, the Ven. Archdeacon and those associated with him might be spared to labor there for many years to come. (Applause ) Another hymn, "Onward Christian Soldiers," having been sung, the bishop pronounced the benediction, and the proceedings terminated. The choral portion of the proceedings was admirably rendered by the church choir augmented by several leading amateur, under the conductorship of Mr. B. J. Burston, Mr. J. H. Bryan, the church organist, playing the accompaniments in his usual artistic style. A collection was taken up, and £56 realised. After the ceremony the bishop and visiting clergy were entertained at tea at Milburn's Coffee Palace. About 40 gentlemen were pre sent. Before the company broke up, Mr. Oli phant, on behalf of the vestry and the building committee, thanked the bishop for his atten dance and the kindly interest he had displayed in the movement. The bishop, in reply, ex pressed the great pleasure he always had in visiting Bendigo, and especially on this occa sion, his appreciation of Archdeacon MacCullagh and the good work he carried out, and finally his hope for the future of the Sunday school. Archdeacon MacCullagh disclaimed the idea that all the work was his own, and gave promi nence to the fact that he had in co-operation with him workers of all grades and kinds, who to a large extent freed his shoulders from much of the labor which would otherwise fall on them. Mr. Hoskins, in apologising for the absentce of the mayor, took occasion to thank Mr. Hark ness for his kindness in being present at the ceremony during the afternoon, and remarked that the interest which his worship took in Sun day school work was well known. In the evening divine service was held in the church, there being a large congregation. The bishop officiated, and preached an im pressive sermon on the words, "Not by might nor by power, but by spirit saith the Lord of Hosts " (Zechariah, fourth chapter, part of the sixth verse). A collection was made on behalf of the school building fund and £9 were obtained, which with the money collected in the afternoon, made a total of £65. The bishop returns to Melbourne by the first train this morning. 