THE MESSAGE OF DANIEL. [By William Sikclaib, D.D., Archdeacon of London.] I saw in the night visions, and, behold, One, like the Son of Man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of Days, and they brought Him near before Him. And there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages should serve Him ; His dominion is an everlasting dominion which shall not pass away, and His kingdom that which shall not be destroyed. — Dan. vii., 13, 14. The Book of Daniel consists of three parts. First, the biographical introduction in the first chapter. Second, five notable episodes in five succeeding chapters— (a) Nebuchad nezzar's dream of the image that fell down ; (6) Nebuchadnezzar's golden idol and the fiery furnace ; (c) Nebuchadnezzar's degrada tion; (d) Belshazzar's feast and the hand writing on the wall ; (e) Darius the Mede and the den of lions. The third section consists of visions, and contains four distinct apocalypses. As the first of the episodes contains a vision, there are in all five apocalypses. The latest writer on the book. Professor Beeoher, points out that though it cannot be doubted that Daniel is regarded in Holy Scripture as an eminently gifted prophet, yet that it is not in accordance with the usage of the Hebrew Church to place his book, as we English place it, among the prophetic writings still less to reckon him as one of four greater prophets. The Hebrew Bible places Daniel not among the prophets, but among the Hagiographa, or oacred poetical and biographical writings. It there follows Esther, which is a 'notable episode,' like the five ' notable episodes' in Daniel, and comes be fore Ezra, which, like Daniel, is partly written in Ohaldaio. _ The reasons why a book which common opinion regards as so peculiarly prophetic in its character is thus severed from the prophetic writings and placed in another class are not difficult to seek. In the first place those who arranged the Old Testament clearly regarded all the sacred poetical or biographical writings as of prophetic origin. For instance, the Book of Psalms, of course, belongs to that class, and the quotations from the Book of Psalms in the New Testa ment are only next in number to the quota tions from the Book of Isaiah. And secondly, although Daniel has many important predic tions, lie has little direct teaching ; whereas the prophets, as a rule, though all of them con taining predictions, have far more teaching than, prediction. And thirdly, the Book of Daniel ' differs ' entirely in character from all the prophetic books except Jonah. The writers of the others are all distinctly preaohers to Israel; Daniel and Jonah alone are not. The reason why the Book of Jonah is included among the prophets, and the Book of Daniel not, is simply this— Daniel is regarded purely as a biographical etudy ; Jonah is regarded solely from the point of view of bis mission to a neighboring heathen nation. DANIEL AND HIS TIMES. When we come to ask who Daniel was, and what were his times,, we find on examining the historical data that most of the alleged diffi culties' are purely imaginary. 'We ; also dis cover that many of the proposed solutions of the difficulties are' mistaken. Daniel was 'taken to Babylon in the year '605 b.o.,' the' third year of King Jehoiach iru, the acces sion-year of Nebuchadnezzar, King 'ot Baby, lori. Nebuohadnezzar reigned 48 years; he was now, therefore, quite a young; nuwj/full fct boyish pride^ and restleBB aotiyityi not much older than the Hebrew boys whom- he;put'intb training for the publijo Service.-, ,:T: ?? r '??;' ?'':?'''?'? 'While Jeremiah was prophesying in Jerusa lem, and the youthful and amtitibus';Nehu-: ... '.:;:;ME.«: Babylon, and establishing an extraordinary and unique reputation for holiness. He had been already five years in office in the foreign city when another Hebrew monarch waa brought away captive, King Jehoiachim. Soon after the exiles were cheered by a letter from Jeremiah . advising submission and thrifty living. In B.C. 593 King Zedekiah came up to do homage, and Ezekiel began prophesying among the captives. Two years later there were Hebrews at Babylon building false hopes on the extraordinary righteousness, wisdom, and greatness of Daniel. In replying to them, and warning them that personal and indi vidual faithfulness were no less necessary to the favor of God than the splendor of some illustrious national example of virtue, Ezekiel actually classes Daniel, in the plenitude of his reputation, with the great typioal names of Noah and Job — a unique com pliment which shows what an ex traordinary person Daniel must have been. During the final siege of Jerusalem four years later the Septuagint places the incident of the fiery furnace. Afterwards Nebuchadnezzar invaded Egypt, and perhaps brought Jeremiah and Baruch to Babylon. There is an authorative historical document called the Canon of Ptolemy, and, according to that, Nebuchadnezzar was succeeded in 562 by Evil Merodach for two years, by Nergal-Sharezer for four years, and by Nabonidus for seventeen years. The last year of Nabonidus was 539, the acces sion year of Cyrus as king of Babylon. Cyrus had several ' first years' to record, as he was king of Persia and king of Media before he became king of Babylon. Darius, the Mede, was either Cyrii3 himself (for many of these kings had more than one name) 01 one of his deputy kings. Many of these supreme monarchs had deputy kings associated with them in the administration of their vast empires, like the Augusti under the supreme Caesars of the later Roman Empire. In 641 B.C. or earlier, Belshazzar was associated with Nabonidus in authority. The apocalypses of the seventh and eighth chapters are dated in the first and third years of Belahazzar. Daniel was flow in retirement, but waa recalled to public office just before the death of that king. And so it happened that at the accession of Cyrus he was again in high . authority. It was now 63 years since he had been taken from Jerusalem, and he was more than 80 years of age. In the first and third years of Cyrus new visions were granted to Daniel, and in the first year of Cyrus these were appropriately accompanied by the deoree in virtue of which Prince Zerubbabel, who be- longed to a far younger generation, led the . returning exiles to Jerusalem. It was not likely that at this great age the illustrious Babylonian judge, the trusted adviser of so many mighty kings, should accompany that forlorn little expedition. No one. Bays Professor Beeeher, who notes these simultaneous dates, can doubt thai the biographer of Daniel thought of him as in communication, iu his earlier years, with such men as Jeremiah, Ezekiel, and Baruoh t and in his later years with the leaders of the re turning exiles. He thought of him as through out using his resources of position, statesman ship, and prophetio wisdom in the interest of his nation, so -that tbe preserved and restored ~~ Israel owed to .him a larger debt than to -any other man. Amongst other important modern discoveries, inscriptions have been found bear?, ing on the times of Nebuchadnezzar, Nabo nidus, Cyrus, and his successors. Belshazzar has been identified as a historical person. It has been Earned that the conquest of Babylon under Oyrus was by diplomacy rather than by bloody battles.' In particular the . Cyrus of the tablets was no mconslaBt, de- : stroy ing the idol gpds of Babylon; but rathec a supporterlof all religions and all priesthooda. ?? It is onlythose who' deny the possibility of .;?' 1 prophetic prediction Who wqjald sky that ]ttie ..; i: Book of Daniel was written in the time of ^he r,1 Maccabees and was therefore mainly fiotion. iVvr. To those who agree with the New Testament '^ that the prophets genuinely foresaw the future, '.-.. -5] ; the arguments in favor of the idaooabean j ^i origin of the book are artificial, inoonoluBtyey ? ^i and far-fetched. Part of the book , is: in . Ofe Ohaldee, and ,not in Hebrew. What of ? ttiat 'I ?; ii'J; Chaldee hadbeen.used from the diajJB 'bl :^nB :j$$ Kings of Aesyria in diplomatic relations '. jmjhi'jf.f^ the Hebrews, just as French is | the langUM»:pI ;^l| diplomacy in modern .times. :; ?3Ss9seb$|i*|i.:T^ ministers asked the envoys of SennaoheriKto;^^ speak-to them in Chftldee. There are ;many!Af|S pbaldee'4ow^ts;:^.fhe':'^^k-6I::^^^E shortly after; Ctl»W^fe.^3p*W^^P^P&»^S would cover ^hBaxsri^rfrom^AnieistPp^^Sf There: ^^!:peW-pf;i^U!^^|g^pM ^to^e.lmiy»^^^o^eriatn:ggi« toamea of musical instruments belonging to bo musical a people as the Greeks would be widely known. Very few of our English musical instruments have English names. And, later, Nebuchadnezzar was invading Egypt, at a. time when Greek mercenaries had long been kcrawling inscriptions on Egyptian buildings. The difficulty is purely iniRginary, and arises from insufficient enquiry into the interpene trating intercourse and admixture of those ancient civilisations. THE PREDICTIVE FACULTY. And now let us aisk very briefly whether the predictive faculty in the course of a Divine revelation is not merely possible, but rather an actual matter of fact. So much is it a case of distinct and unquestionable historical truth that it is hardly necessary to appeal to the authority of St. Peter. But, at any rate, i : St. Peter is an inspired apoauo ne uu« e'°' '' two indisputable lessons on the subject, ihe first is in the First Epistle : .' Of winch salva tion the prophets have enquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you; searching what or what manner of time the fapint of Christ which was in them did signify when He testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ and the glory that should follow. Unto whom it was revealed that not unto themselves but unto us they did minister the things which are now reported unto you by them that have preached the Gospel unto you.' Nothing could be clearer than the plenitude of the certainty of St. Peter's view of the predictive Eift Ths second passage is in the second epistle-' We have also a more sure word of prophecy ; whereunto ye do well that ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until the day dawn, and the day etar arise in your hearts ; knowing this first, that no prophecy of the Scripture is of any I private interpretation. For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man ; but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.' The great apostle seems almost to go out of his way to anticipate the ques tionings of modern doubtfulness. Tins' predictive office has been described as a sober historical reality by one whom you will not suspect of any excessive exaltation of the miraculous element in Holy Scripture, the late Dean Stanley. 'It is unquestionable that the prophets of the Old Testa ment did in a marked and especial manner look forward to the future. It ?was this which gave to the whole Jewish nation an upward, forward, progressive character, such as no Asiatic, no ancient, I may almost say no other nation, has ever had in the same degree. They were regarded . as watchmen, standiug on some lofty tower, with a wider horizon within their view thau that of ordinary men. 'Watchman, what of the night? Watchman, what of the night ? was the question addressed to Isaiah by an anxious world below. 'I will stand upon my watch,1 is the expression of Habakkuk, *and set me upon the tower, and will watch to see what He will say unto me. Though the vision tarry, wait for it ; it will eurely come ; it will not tarry ? ' There are special signs of authority, and of these one of the chief, from first to last, was their 'speaking things to come.' And tliis token of Divinity extends to the whole prophetic order, in Old and New Testament alike. the v-\;turb golijkn age. 'It wis the distinguishing mark of the Jewish people that their golden age was not in the past, but in the future ; that their greatest Hero (as they deemedHim to be) was not their founder, but their founder's latest descendant. Their traditions, their glories, their fancies gathered round the head, not of a chief, or sage, or warrior that had been, but of a King, a Deliverer, a Prophet, Who was to come. Of this singular expectation the prophets were, if not the chief authors, at least the chief exponents. Sometimes He is named, some times He is unnamed ; sometimes He is almost identified with some actual prince of the coming or the present generation ; sometimes He recedes into the distant ages. But again and again, at least in the later prophetic writings, the vista is closed by His person, His character, His reign. And almost everywhere the prophetic spirit, in the delinea tion of His coming, remains true to itself. He is to be a King, a Conqueror, yet not by the common weapons of earthly warfare, but by those only weapons which the prophetic order recognised— by justice, mercy, truth, and goodness ; bysuff erincr, by endurance, by iden tification of Himself with the joys, the suffer ings of His nation ; by opening a wider sympathy to the whole human race than had ever been opened Del ore. xnat tms expecta tion, however explained, existed in a greater or less degree among the -prophets is not doubted by any theologian of any school what ever. It is no matter of controversy. It is a simple and universally recognised fact that, filled with these prophetic images, the whole Jewish nation — nay, at last the whole eastern world — did look forward with longing ex pectation' to the coming of this future Con queror. ' Was this unparalleled expectation realised?' asks the dean. . . . 'There did arise out of this nation a character by universal consent as unparalleled as the ex pectation which had preceded Him. Jesus of 'Nazareth was, on the most superficial, no less than on the deepest view we take of His coming, the greatest Name, the most extra ordinary Power that has ever crossed the stage of history. And this greatness consisted, not in outward power, but precisely in those qualities on which from first to last the pro phetic order had laid the utmost stress — justice and love, goodness and truth. ' The fact which arrests our attention is, that Bide by side with the great ex pectation appears the great climax to which the whole history leads up. It is a proof, if anything can be a proof, of a unity of design in the education of the Jews, in the history of the world. It is a proof tbat the events of the Christian dispensation were planted on the very centre of human hopes and fears. It is a proof that the noblest hopes and aspirations that were ever breathed were not disappointed, and that when 'God spake by the prophets' of the coming of Christ, He spake of that which in His own good time He was certain to bring to pass.' t 'I eaw in the night visions ; and behold One like the Son of Man came with the clouds of flQQVun ar\A ftnTYlA in f-iia Annianf. «F TWire on/1 they brought Him near before Him. And there was given Him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all peoplo, nations, and lan guages should serve Him. His dominion is an : everlasting dominion that shall not pass away, ? ?. ? and His kingdom that which shall not be : destroyed.' P.':\ ??: '?'?? THE EVEHLASTING OMNIPOTENCE. ; After these admitted facts we shall have no v - temptation to take from Daniel the full signi ?'??? i.,.. j'ficance of bis sublime mystio and prophetic '?^ ?('/??? .language. The venerable and saintly minister ''?: ?-':. '??? -. !*-!.» mighty world-empire, august in his un ; [rivalled reputation, his unique position, and ???-; -?''? \ ! his immense personal dignity, with an enthu ; ' sasm for God and His laws which had brayed :''/ 1 i the most appalling dangers from irresponsible :-?'???', 'despots was just the man to be permitted to ' ; . 'see the things which were hidden from the ;.'-?' : . ' iyes of the rest of the world. There had been ;; S brought before Mm in avisionthe survey of if;**'' a series of vaso temporal powers under the &£,r: forms of huge terrino animals, horrible as @%-;n^tmaJ5BS, which filled even his «alm ^k.^'MA-^my spirit with deead. And then s^Ki'^^^fti^ reminded that behind and above '*&&¥?,': :'^fU.v!thiBBeiwa9 a greater .power Btill, the ipi's :kiMHr1$BiMg ?.?bmnipptenoeof wd. He saw the ^^^^?^)E|-?3N,I.the Eternal Beinft^eated, Mist* ;.'{;.. 'B'r- Whose garment was white_as enow, arid the hair of bis Head-like the pure wool ; His throne was .like the fiery flame, and His wheels as burning fire. A fiery stream issued and oame forth before* Him ; thousand thou sands ministered unto Him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before Him. And then, in contradistinction to the horror of the typical monsters, one Jike the Son of Man, in all the beauty and gentle ness of a perfect human nature, came with the clouds of heaven, in all the strength of a divine power, and came to the Ancient of Days. Be had been before among the millions of the heavenly host, but now His time was come ; and'' to Him was given, not' one of the temporal thrones, however,, splendid, because that would soon pass away and be gone for ever, but dominion and glory and a kingdom such that all peoples, nations, and languages should serve Him ; His dominion was an everlasting dominion, which should not' pa68 away, and His kingdom that which should not be destroyed. It is useless for unbelievers to say that by this magnificent imagery and exalted language Daniel meant nothing but tho Hebrew people in a high state of improvement. The seer himself shows that he was thinking of nothing of the kiud, but of the personal Divine and human Redeemer, when two chapters later he utteia the solemn and mysterious words, ' Messiah shall be cut off, but not for Himself.' He whom the wise and experienced statesman beheld shining bright and glorious in the clouds before the burning Throne of tho Most High was the very same as He whom Abraham saw, and David, and the long line of psalmists and prophets, with differing degrees of clearness, certainty, aud understanding. It was the very same who was revoaled in Jesus of Nazareth, o£ whom the awful voice from heaven was heard declaring, 'Tliis is my be loved Son ; hear Him !' / THE ETERNAL MAJESTY OF JESUS. My brothers, these thoughts which we have gathered from the facts of the predictive element in the Old Testament, and from the life of Daniel, impress upon us with unquestionable force the eternal majesty of the Son of God. They remind us how in the beginning was the Word, aud the Word was with God, and the | Word waa God ; how tho Word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us (and we beheld His glory, tho glory as of the only-begotten of the Father), full of grace and truth. They recall to us how 'God in these last days hath spoken unto us by His Sou, whom He hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also He made the worlds ; * who, being the brightness of His glory, and the express image of His Person, and upholding all things by the word of His power, when Ho had bv Himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high.' The systems aud powers of the world rise and fall and have their sway, and fill our minds with their seeming importance ; but, notwithstand ing all the fret and fume of men, it is ouly the kingdom of righteousness^ and truth that is eternal, only the city of God that hath un fading foundations, only the Son that abideth ever. , The Christian view of prophecy, says Prin cipal Cairns, not only accounts for individual i facts, but for the whole. Prophecy is syste I matic, progressive, all-inclusive ; and these I features are accounted for alone by the theory of a revelation of redemption. Christ is the centre ; in Him all are connected ; ! the Messianic part of revelation is largest, | most important, most like the heart in | the economy of the whole. This alone I accounts for the progress which is in all directions and towards all issues, but all con- I ditioned by the approach of Christ and by the I fulness of the disclosure of His Person and work, and its consequences. . . . The world's kingdoms must go through that crisis of trial and judgment, to prepare the world as a whole for the heavenly King. With prophecy there is a Redeemer, and with Him a philo sophy of history leading upwards. Without ; prophecy, no redemption, but law, and sin | fastened down by law ; any streaks in tho dark- | ness like a prophetic glimmer, due to no rising - orb, but meteoric, and born of night and chaos. Ought not the Christian, then, to give heed to this 'sure word,' which is attested, as it is created, by a Power above Nature, just where it needs to be? May he not hope as he prays that to others this day may dawn, this morning star arise? Oh, my brothers, let your own belief be free, full, strong, and confident. Listen not to the subtle voic8 of unbelief, ever eager to justify itself and to make room for its own sinfulness : keep your soul far from its decomposing and disintegrating breath. Ask God this day for a living and true faith, a faith which shall make you daily realise your inheritance as His glad and thankful sons^nd daughters. And some day you, too, like the august seer of Babylon, shall behold 'the Son of Man sitting on the rightliand of power and coming in the clouds oE heaven 1' 