'■CHAPTER'. XXXYJII. The. magistorint inquiry into the cause . '5 of Mrs. Langrisho's death ma., one of 3 the sensations of the hour. It was from a-: the first so. plainly asainst any satis factory defence that the jury unhesita-; tinglr • brought in their , verdict of 1 guilty.' 'James langrisho left that court, and ■was taken to the Cork Gaol- to await ' his trial at the winter assizes.'. • The full horrors of his position came • home to him then in the humiliation of . imprisonment. His very companions in . the exercise yard, seemed to look ask- . pee at him—the gentleman murderer whose sentence" they knew was a mere . matter of-weeks...1-' He: was never alone-, for a single moment. . Two warders watched hirh'night and day. His duties, and his food were the duties and the . food of the commonest prisoner who shared this legal captivity. The very, doctor and chaplain seemed to regard him as tjiey never regarded the vaga bonds and lawbreakers who 'tilled the other cells. The horror of that 0110 . crime which sets a man, apart from all other criminals, was a horror that made, itself felt . even here, where crime was in the air one breathed. He showed 110 sign of what ho felt - Outwardly cool and dogged, he passed his days as the other prisoners passed theirs; making no complaint, asking 110 favour, .seemingly indifferent to tho passage of time, but in his heart cursing himself for his own folly, his own. blindness, since now the veil was rent, and in tlie eyes of his follow men ho had read his own condemnation. Ho had engaged,the very best counsel for: his defence, l»ut even those astute legal - brains niude no secret of the well-nigh"' hopeless nature of the task they had - undertaken. Save for his counsel, no' one cauic near him. No message ever reached him from that world beyond., flicse higli white walls,''at which his.' moody eyes gazed despairingly. .: .: -There, was, not _a--vcry dang tiraodn. waif-teforethn assises' (famnionced;1 he t' it' was long enoughy torturodiia'raven i IdckV'to 'giay,' to furrow* Tiweiww witb' lines tijait 'Time never ploughed. .The flay of trial came at lust, and he was placed in the Tan between'; his''two .'■■jTaxders. . J-®. heard the.great gates 'clang behind him, he looked up. once at the_6oft. blue-sky above his head, and 'shuddered. y- ' .■ The dnve Eeenied long as eternity, and the time ot waiting longer still, but last the summons eaiiie, and'he was 'led- from.. theeell o£ the courthouse up the naiTow; corkscrew staircase, and placed in the dock feeing the judge, in Jus-crimson robes, the crowded beueh of . barristers nudreportei-s, and everywhere ;were crowds otgazing, carious feces— ■ the feces of men and women he had ■ known and met a hundred times in years ■ of residence ...Woiigst them. ' No one .-ooked pity or sympathy, or gave sign u* recognition. .. That first penalty- tlio'-criminal: pays —the silent condemnation of his fellows • was already demanded from - James "Isngrishc. . • ~ ^Thc tight of ,the: .winter dor fell through the line of windows that lit the, court, and showed-up thernesvnessVand: -wiuAdincait improvements. V,Its old gloom and dii fc'had disappeared since the-hie that- had, comb-to obliterate v those-landmarks of-time. But to James • iangrialm that newness and-clcahliness had something gruesome about it: Would ,i .be bu.sr reporters to state, that . J, "npQrfent criminal case since the farmof .1891 was the case of James Xangvishe ? • He almost feneicd'he saw the linos in the Cork ;j&mW; . or ComttCutim of the next morning, aud a grim smile touched his lips as he wondered why lifs thoughts should ' trwc,.r °?,such. trivialities at a time when l"8 life hung in the balance, i-• , A : stir in the benches below, the : ?i pfllcrs auA Opening of briefs arrostcd his attention. Ifis fece hardened and set itself in rigid: com posure. . Hjs eyes, with, their old, , mookmg hnlbanec, turned from iucfec to jury, from the jury to the witness box, with its solitary chair, and then droppedi to the crowd of -'. bewigged heads below. In the well of thb court stood a table on which was a model of ivnoekmmoss,. Beside it were various .iiticlos whoso nature -his -'professional •••:,' xn^«««o readily guessed, arid'a little apart from them lay a small' brown paper parcel;- He" found himself : trmidcrmg what it contained. -?•'-v. Ho gave it no second glance. There yraanothingahbut it to hcriay its fetal \- purport °r. the effect its .production , tras-tohare in the issues of the case.; , Thr- rWl- f pl,occ..c<linSs c0™»cneea. , °f, the court .read out the indictment, the -jury.' were sworn, arid prisoner was asked whether he pleaded ' ■ notSuntyto the charge'of the ; wilful^ .murder ; of his- wife, Mary \- langTOhv om the - of ;Septemben A°~-- His white hps belied, the film ncss of his Torno as he gave the expected \- •• denial. Then the ' counsel - for the .prosecution began to address the court ■there : was no need hero for legal subterfuge or suggestion.. The plafn, \- Vhlw. Wfe pl!un cnollSh for' a riv!n8 ST1' '?5'071' Tbe eridenee given at the previous inquiry was a-rnin retailed, and for alf his dS /lemeanour James langrishc felt that it w,^, °'.u.ic'y con(?emnatory. ... ; • The giving of arsenic for medical puiposes was all very well, bnt the nurse s evidence was damning.' There had been no need for such a remedy in Mrs. langnshc's case. The inquest ■ i1°uprorctl one feet more suspicious than all the rest. The stomach-pump had been used on the fetal night, and for •What purpose could it have been used except to destroy thb evidence of poison ( But arsenic can never be quite ' of if0! - ,las the peculiar property sentfe &C; •b°dy' an(1' ^ . septic virtues gives back the vital organs to the light of day in a state \- even flT ltS P™6c.nce boyorid a doubt; '4 vn amt mmutc atom. \- When Mary KingribhcV body Was exhumed, and the investigation'made, cmpJ trs -f?Uni1 t0 bo ri«ito ^"et,thccvia°nce of the nurses \- ?^1:l''rll!icn o' supper : Th;I f t husband and themselves. V 4„ ' "lono was suspicious enough. explnin it awayi and in emnf n il st0,unch baring been :i r£ f0TOciraccs of the poison \- ^rith tL°rtfnS > do: away ■ -"-lT a • *bcory that tlio arsenic had-, uasuna. Counsel went on to. say' that apart from anil beyond these facts atose the .question of'motive in ■ the case of murder. Unfortunately,.in this case the motive was so clear and plain a one that it added the strongest link to the chain of evidence against the prisoner. Within two- months of his wife's death lio was about tomarry another woman.- His preparations for flight were then, briefly dwelt upon, after which tho prosecution proceeded to call witnesses for their case... i That speech .cmado a sensation in the court. The tide of popular favour set strongly .against the prisoner. It .was felt oh all sides that his 'innocence'.was an impossibility, and fioiu mind to mintl flashed like an electric current all the hundred and one little condemning incidents of his'life : in their midst. His open infatuation for Lady 1'fofliott {-meetings, letters,: speeches overheard —and at the time,, only laughed at— how absolutely damning footed; all these {trivialities now when passed in review before a court of justice, '. . .. The routine of d criminal; trial is always more or less the same. The opening address, ".the testimony of the witnesses, thocross-examination, the badgering and bullying of counsel, the speech for thc defence, and summing up. . ,The sensation of this case was ;the evidence of the two nurses, and the extracts from their diaries as read and commented on by their counsel, and on which they weic examined. - Begin ning with the' acquaintance at. Glen gariff, and the strange symptoms of the invalid, Nellie Nugent was ques tioned and cross-questioned on tho point set up by tho defence, that arsenic had undoubtedly been administered to the deceased lady, hut it had been given for a certain complaint from which she suffered, just as in like manner the morphia hail been administered for sleeplessness.. In confutation of this,.carae the evi dence of the two nurses as to Mrs. Langrishc's rapid : improvement in health after 'the accidental breaking of the bottle of medicine her husband had left for her, and the discontinuance of tho said medicine during the remainder of her stay/ at the hotel. . At this point the brawn paper parcel was taken from the table and handed.to the witness, .. She identified it.as the one that Dr. Langrishc had sent to Glengariff for -his wife, and which she had. placed, on a shelf in .the' cupboards of' her bedroom.* It had' lain there in a. corner' un observed, unopened, until sent for as an item of evidence in the ease.- • It had been analysed, and the analysis was submitted to judge and jury. The amount of arsenic contained in it would have killed any adult, even one accustomed to taking it, in a week." . The sensation at this- point was tremendous. . ; ' . . •The face' of the accused was ashen whitc as he; saw that bottle—the for gotten, incriminating record of his first blundering attempt. • Medical, evidence in support of the nurses' story closed the case for the first day, and left it black enough against the accused man as he was driven hack to the gaol. For three days he stood in the dock, and saw arrayed against himself the deadly crowd of damning,facts which his blindness and foolhardiness had overlooked.- He heard those records of the diaries, and cursed the folly that had suffered these female spies within his doors: With the dcsiic of averting snsp'oion he had only aroused it. Deborah Gray's evidence seemed to impress the court even more than Nellie's. Her calm, serious face, her simple, direct answer, her evident reluc tance to state anything savo what was absolutely necessary, gavo her admis sions n greater weight than her friend's. Her cross-examination was lengthy and severe, hut nothing could shako her grave serenity. It was only when the defending counsel asked her roughly why she had not mentioned her sus picions at the time of Mary Lahgrishe's death that, she hesitated in her answer. She looked at the.'guilty man for the first time. AH the colour left her face. Her eyes drooped. Her voice trembled. < I—-I do not consider it professional to talk about a case,' she said. ' Besides, I was ill myself, I was not with Mrs. Langrishc at the time of her. death She was in-her i grave beforo I knew anything of- what had huppened. - And no one has a right to utter suspicions that ther cannot Verif.Y.V -You could pot.verify yours ?' - dei manded the prosecution. ■ ' Ho,' she-said, very-low. . • ' But; you believe James; Xangrishe did administer poison iritli criminal intent, to his wife ?.' , . ' X do.' pThcn James Xangrishe knew that her hand had put the -first - strand of the' fatal rope about his neck, and in his heart of hearts ho cursed her as the author of his ruin. He scarcely listened to Bridget Lehane, -who followed Deborah into the box, and rambled on about the ghost and the drugged coffee until the prose cution and defence alike lost patience, and could make nothing out of her. evidence. He'raged at his own folly now for surrounding his house with gossiping, credulous idiots, who had only eaten his bread and then turned upon him in the hour of adversity. . . Perhaps the cruellest and blackest hour of all he had'to face .was the hour when Di Ffolliott, pale as' death, and clothed all in black, stood up in her turn, andhc had to'listcu to herahswefsasthe sharp, cool voice of the famous Q.C. dragged unwillingly' admissions of that wild love, that-fevered impatience, that hurried- broken marriage, from her-pale lips. - . ' ' ... * ' His long-sustained self-command gave way then. He bent down and covered his face with his bauds. In his heart he said, The bitterness of death is past now. It cannot be worse than this!' 