THE HAUNTED FOUNTAINS; Or, COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM. CH AFTER LXY. — THE HAUNTED FORT. The two who had met on the mountain jyc-rp riding along as they spoke, the man leading the way. They went for about a mile along the range, and then descended by a steep trail into a shel- tered valley. A hut of stones had been built there against the cliff, and a log cabin was hut a few yards away. The snow had not remained upon the , valley as it fell, it being so warmly shel- . tered, and grass was on the lowlands, and, in fact, there were signs of the soil having been cultivated and crops raised. The log cabin had two rooms in it, and one of them the young girl entered, jvhile the man turned the horses loose in the meadowland, and caught four other fine animals that were grazing there. Upon two of these he put his own and liis sister's saddle, his being covered With the ghostly- looking robe. ' I am ready, brother, and have here the things you said I must carry;" and she displayed a large bag well fllied, a roll of blankets, and some cooking uten sils, all of which the man packed away in a saddle-pack, which he put upon one of the led horses. '1 will soon join," he said; and he ran into the cabin, and after a few minutes returned and mounted his horse. The joung girl was already 111 the saddle awaiting him. When they were well on their way, the young man said: "I promised to tell you a secret, sis ter?" "Yes." "T\ hen you saved my life, and the Monarch brought me to this retreat I could not understand why he was so ready and willing to spare me and adopt fie as his son. It is true that I once saved his life from men who would have hanged him, but now I know that he had a deeper motive." "Y.'iiat was it, brother?" The reason that caused him to try ana make you believe that he was your lather. He has been our worst enemy, sister, as I will prove to you." Tnat man tore us from our home, and though I escaped him, you he kept an eje on. After a while lie brought you o these wilds, and made you play. ghost or him to keep Indians and hunters out ol these mountains, while he hunted for a treasure here. Vv e know that he was aware that the umand of Major Gunnisbn came upon L,,s?c'ot camP of miners, or rather their in! forms' and that they had with lem a great quantity of gold that had' «=M„n in these mountains. It was ' hposed that Major Gunnison was mas sacred with his men by the Mormons; . J,ou have told me how you, too, es- thls nmn' and Putting on tils Rothes, became a drummer-boy in army, no one suspecting yonr sex. !Vave to,a me how you accom- the Gunnison party as bugler „?! 'nuuuer-boy, and that the Indians In a fn!f «.nd nassacred them one night selv-os a ey built- to protect thejn- suhs! the winter. They had 'and then on,,their horses for a IonS time, %rine t 311 were wea and suff- Wlien ndiane stacked them, and U 310116 escaped through the mercy of a renegade white man who was with them. "He took you with him to the Indian camp, then to the mines, where he was killed one day by the Monarch, who re cognised you, and again became your guardian. He heard your story, and brought you here, hoping you could guide him to the treasure of the miners which the soldiers had hidden at the time they built the fort. That you could not find the spot, as you pretended, the Monarch believes, but he keeps up the search persistently, and has me aiding him, as he believes. "Now we know that the fort is there, filled with its skeleton garrison, but where Major Gunnison hid the treasure we do not know, and cannot find, so let it go; but we can guide Colonel Cody to the spot, and the soldiers of Colonel Ferris can bury the dead. "When you saved me nature must have prompted it, and when you recog nised on my bare arm the crest our father pricked there with India ink, and revealing your arm showed that you had the same brand, the past came back to us, and we knew that we were brother and sister separated years ago. Now, Zulita, my secret is that I have found our father." CHAPTER LXVI.— THE SECRET OUT. The young girl had listened to the words of her brother with deepest at tention as they rode along, and wonder ed why he was telling her the story of her own life. When his secret was known, she said, after her joy and surprise were over: You have told me, brother, of your strange life, and how you had been a rover about the world. But, after all, you remembered the home in the West we had as children with our loved par ents. We can both now recall like a terrible dream the night our mother was killed by the renegade chief who led the Indians, and, as we supposed, our father was murdered also. It was soon after that you and I were parted. "You have said that the longing was upon you to find me, and to do so you came again to the wild West, and he- came a ranchero. A strange destiny led our paths together again here in these mountains, and I can hardly believe that our father still lives and that we are also to see him." "But it is true, Zulita, for he was not killed, as we supposed, that awful night, and a fearful life he has had of it. He, too, came West to find you and me, and to avenge his wrongs upon the man who had caused all his suffering. "That villain, let me tell you, is the Monarch, as we two know him. He is also the road-agent chief, Captain Law less, and the renegade chief, White Eagle. "Guided and aided by you, in my wanderings about tliemiountains as the Ghost of the Haunted Fort, the charac ter you played before my coming, I found out the Monarch as lie is, road- agent and renegade chief in an Indian tribe, but through all haunlted, as we know, by the demons of crime conjured up by his past life. "He it was who killed our mother, and who wrecked our father's life, and ere long I shall bitterly avenge all his wrongs upon us. The man I wounded the other day came here to hunt him down, and that man is our father. He lies wounded in his cabin home, wound ed by me, and I am taking you there to nurse him, while I go on the trail of re venge. "I shall leave you there, and go to the Beacon Rock to meet Surgeon Powell to- night. I shall guide the Surgeon Scout to the cabin, and get him to see just how severe the wound is, and save our father. In return I shall rescue Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford from the Monarch's clutches; for he is only holding them in the Indian camp to get a big ransom for them, or keep them as hostages for his life, should he be captured by Colonel Ferris. "I can rescue them, Zulita; for you know how easily we entered the Indian village that night, and removed the bod ies of the three scouts they had killed. That must have startled even Colonel Cody and the lieutenant to see us leave the village with the three scouts upright in the saddle and enveloped in white, for we did that trick well. "Next time I will take the two live pri soners from the village, and while they will be free, their renegade captor shall go in irons. We have done our duty, Zulita, in warning the fort, and we will soon end this wild life, and our father will be with us, and, what is more, he will be avenged." The young girl was so full of all that she had heard she could hardly believe that she was awake. But late in the afternoon they came to the Hermit's cabin, and, dismounting, Burt Braxton — as the reader knows the "Ghost" to be — softly entered the cabin, and Zulita heard his fervent utterance: "I have returned, and thank God you are alive." CHAPTER LXVII. — TO THE RESCUE. "The wound is serious, but not fatal. I have found the bullet with my probe, and will soon remove it, and then, sir, you will rapidly recover." So said Surgeon Powell, as he stood by the side of the bed of the Hermit in his little cabin. As has been seen.tlie Surgeon Scout and the "Ghost" both kept ithe appointment made, and that night in the camp at Beacon Rock Frank Powell learned the story of the Haunted Fort and the Ghost of the Mountains. He also heard how the three scouts had been put to death, and thait Colonel Cody and the lieutenant could be rescued. And, more, Surgeon Powell learned that the "Ghost" was none other than Burt Braxton, who was playing into the hands of Prince Ashton until he could catdh him in the trap. The story of how the ranchero had been captured by his sister, their recognition of their re lationship, and that Zulita was there at the Hermit's cabin nursing their father, the Hermit Nemesis, Doctor Powell lis tened to with the deepest interest. When the cabin was reached, after a hard ride. Surgeon Powell at once went to work, with the result stated. The bullet was removed, the wound dressed. Spurs placed in charge of the household affairs, and Zuilta appointed to nurse her father back to health and strength again, while Burt Braxton and Surgeon Powell, both in the guise of ghosts, were to go to the rescue of Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford. The Hermit had heard the happy tid ings that his children had found him, and he said, smilingly, that he did not believe that a bullet through the heart could kill him then. I Surgeon Powell said the news was bet- j ter than any medicine could give, and showing Zulita how to dress the wound, j and leaving her in charge, with Spurs j as assistant, he rode away with Burt Braxton to the rescue of Colonel Cody, I and with everything they could carry to aid them in playing ghosts to perfec tion. Zulita saw them depart with full con fidence of their speedy return, and that there was any such word as fail with them she did not believe. CHAPTER LXVIII.— CONCLUSION. The boldness of Burt Braxton in play ing ghost amazed Surgeon Powell, when he said that they would ride right into the Indian village. But the Surgeon Scout did not hesi tate, and the two "ghosts," well mounted and leading ithree white horses, did boldly enter the red-skin village at midnight, and ride up to the cabin of the renegade chief. It was snowing hard, and the one brave kept on duty as guard outside of the cabin was crouching under shelter enveloped in bis blanket, and knew nothing of the spectral foes near until he received a blow on the head that stunned liim. A knock at the cabin-door, or voices saying in the Indian tongue — for Sur geon Powell spoke the language well — that Chief Red Lightning wished to see the White Eagle, caused the renegade to appear and to behold before him two spectres. He had played the ghost act to frighten others, and now, awakened from sleep, found before him two forms as though from the grave. " Prince Ashton, we have come for your guilty soul," said the deep voice of Burt Braxton; and the man staggered back and sank down upon the floor, un able to move or speak. His sufferings were terrible, and Surgeon Powell said in a whisper : "He is dying of fright, Braxton." It was true. The Monarch of the Mountains, in all his pain't as a renegade chief, in vain attempted to speak, and with a moan fell back in convulsions. It was only a short struggle, however, for life soon fled, and Surgeon Powell, rising from his side, said quickly: "Come, Seaford, you and Cody get your wraps 011, for we must be miles out of this by dawn." Who can picture the surprise of the midnight visitors appearing as rescuers? It was a startling, joyous surprise, and within ten minutes after the recog nition of the Surgeon Scout ulie irons of the two prisoners had been removed, the body of the dead renegade strapped to one of the horses, and the whole party were in retreait through the blind ing storm. xne nae tu tut? uui. & tdum made in safety, the body of Prince Ash ton was recognised by the man he had so wronged, and 'then it was buried. A week after the Hermit was able to be about, and by slow stages the ride was begun to the fort. The welcome that all met can be imagined better than described, and Burt Braxton and Zulita, with their father, became the colonel's guests. Thus was laid the foundation of that love affair wihch eventually ended in the marriage of Ethel Willis to Burt Braxton, while Zulita Braxton became Mrs Hugh Seaford, and happy are both couples in the choice that they made of partners for life. In the spring. Hermit Braxton, as. the elder was culled, led a party of. soldiers into the mountains and secured the gold that was hidden away, and which amounted to a considerable fortune, while Colonel Cody and Burt Braxton went with them with a squad of soldiers to bury the dead of the Gunnison ex pedition found in the Haunted Fort. The End. "Yes." said young Mrs Torkins, "I learned something at the races." "What was it?" asked her husband, apprehensively. "I learned that popularity is some thing that v?annot be depended on; that the "admirers of to-day may be the foes of to-morrow." "How did you learn all that?" "Sitting i»i the grand stand. Every body said a horse was a great favorite. But after he had gone round the track once the way some .of them talked about him was dreadful."- -"Washington Star." 