SUPREME COURT. FULL COURT. all _ the TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. css (Before their Honours the Chief Justice, Mr Justice Hensman, and Mr. Justice James ) THE NORTH GUILDFORD ESTATE CASE S CK3 ton and others (defendants), appellants, and James Mailer (plaintiff), respondent This-. was a motion to set aside the judgment of his Honour Mr Justice James, dated June 29, 1898, for £7,500, also for a new trial Mr Sept Burt, Q C, with Mr Ewing and Mr Barlee, appeared for certain of the appellants, Mr Harney, with Mr Alcock, for the respondent The hearing of the case was resumed Mr Harney, continuing his address, which he had commenced on the previous day, said in his arguments that he claimed to have established that the illegality of the association was no answer as against an innocent third party unless in a wind- ing up order, that if it were not an answer as against an innocent third party, it was no answer in any respect, and therefore, as against an innocent third party, the association must be deemed to be a legal association He claimed also to have shown that the number of (defendants before the court was immaterial to the judge meat, trust all the cases quoted proceeded on the assumption that it was open to the court to make an order against an illegal number of defendants, were it not that the court was prevented from making that order by other considerations That did not apply to the case before the court Such an association could appoint a manager or agent similar to a legal body That he had shown by Using the story language of Lord Justice James and the other judges in the South Atlantic case farce, AS against an innocent tim 4 party, they were to be taken at partners unaffected by section 7 of the Companies Act, the ordinary rule of partnership applied to them, and one had power to bind all the others Having established there propositions, he submitted that Sherwood, being a partner, the agreement that had been signed by him was an agreement within the ordinary scope of a partnership 'The agreements were identical, with the exception of the excision of the contract to supply bricks to the defendants They had received £1,900 in lieu of that The last agreement had been ratified by the defendants in every way Upon it they had accepted bills and money in the document of 7th August the signature of Sherwood was acknowledged as binding That was sufficient evidence upon which any jury could say that without any repudia- tion or notice of the termination of authority being given, a document signed by Sherwood two months afterwards would be binding upon the defendants The documents must be read together The cancellation of the first and the entering upon the second by the defendants were witnessed by Thomas J Evans, and it was trifling with the court to urge that there was no evidence of authority Defendants must be bound by the second agreement, which was no departure whatever from the former agreement, but merely put in precise language the terms set forth therein In reference to the question of damages, Mr Ewing had said that the damages were what the plaintiff lost by being. unable to be sell at a profit, and that plaintiff was not entitled to that profit because there was no evidence of a re sale But he (Mr Harney) did not adduce the offer to purchase from Matter as in itself a binding offer, but simply as the best men of showing the market price of land at that time. The Chief Justice As a measure of damages ' Mr Harney Yes, as ascertaining the market price of land. He then addressed the court upon the agreement to attach transfers to the promissory notes, showing the difference between the English and West Australian law in some respects The Chief Justice is the mere fact of saying " I will give you one little bit of parchment " more than saying " I will give you a title ?" M Harney A man may honestly say in England, "I will give you a good title,'" and be unable to carry out his intention How can a man say here, honestly, ' I will give you a transfer," if he does not possess the title 3 The Chief Justice I cannot see how if a man says "I will attach a transfer," he necessarily means more than this, " I will go to the trouble to get a title, satisfy the transfer authorities, and get the land on the roll in the book It is not yet in the book, but I will get it there " The words " I will attach a transfer, ' means, ' Having done these things, I will give you a transfer " It does not me in "I have got the land " First catch your hare Mr Harney The words in the document are I hereby agree to sell" How could I agree to sell anything that I did not possess' A man was bound to have a title it he said he had it Mr Justice Hensman If you can show that that statement, " I hereby agree to sell," is a statement that a man has a certificate of title, then you will do away with what is said to be a reasonable rule provided in England from time immemorial Then comes the question whether this court can start a rule on this important question Mr Justice James I feel so strongly on this point that I shall say a few words I think the words used certainly mean they can mean nothing other than this " I agree to attach, materially attach, physically attach, transfers-that is to say, transfer under the Transfer of Land Act -to the promissory notes " I -say, further, that that is so understood by every business member of the community, that those transactions occur daily, and that there is not a person in court who can understand it otherwise What else can it meet' That is done every day in Perth, and I cannot conceive that there is room for argument in it. The Chief Justice said he simply gave expression to difficulties as they arose He thought a great deal of weight was to be attached to what Mr Justice James had said Mr Justice Hensman had only thrown out a suggestion, to hear what Mr. Harney had to say He would not express any opinion until he came to give judgment Mr Harney You throw out the suggestion that while you can agree with His Honour Mr Justice James that there was to be a physical attachment of transfers, you say they were not bound to be attached at the moment the agreement was signed, but after the expiration of five years J The Chief Justice When a man says " I will attach a transfer,' he means I shall attach it when I have secured it He does not necessarily mean ' I have it in my pocket ' Mr Harney contended such a statement meant that a man was the registered proprietor of the property he was dealing with He deed by claiming that if the defendants were liable under the contract sued upon, they should have lodged the transfers in the bank 'their failure to do so brought it about that the plaintiff was unable to effect a re sale of the property. He had spent a considerable amount of money, £6,000 or £7,000, on the assurance that the defendants had a title to give, and that he could re-sell the land and so the damages that he was entitled to recover were the difference between what he would have got for the property had the defendants kept their contract and what he had paid. He could have got 210,00 for it; he had paid over £3,000, and he should receive the difference between those sums. Mr. Burt again addressed the Court in reply to Mr. Harney. He contended that the defendants had a perfectly equitable title, and could sell when they reasonably believe they had such a title. They could pass it on to someone else before they actually got it, if they had a legally and properly prepared contract binding another party that he would give it up to them. Defendants' case was that they had an equitable title from Hamersley. It was argued by Mr. Harney that the defendants had led the plaintiff to believe that they held the title, and could transfer it at any time. But that was not so. Matter had always known that he had purchased i on five years' terms, as was shown by his own letter to Mr. Grave in which he asked for the transfer of the land before that period had expired, in order that he might transfer to someone else. As to the contract that had been signed by Sherwood, it was clear that the defendants could not make such an agreement. They knew perfectly well that they could not attach transfers, and there was no evidence to prove that Sherwood had authority. There was no evidence that he was a partner in any sense, whatever. Mr. Alcock : Clayton said so. The Chief Justice : Mr. Harney relied upon a number of things to show that Sherwood's action was ratified by the defendants. Mr. Burt: Sherwood had no right to sign that document. To prove any such thing plaintiff must establish clearly that defendants authorised Sherwood to do so. Mr. Justice Hensman: It is said that, after the agreement of October 6, fresh bills were given. Mr. Burt said there was no agreement in regard to transferring the North Guildford property. The defendants had no right to make such an agreement. They could not annex transfers. Moreover, transfers were never annexed to the bills. The Chief Justice The main question is, whether an action could lie against the 22, inasmuch as they were an illegal association ? You say very boldly, " No." Mr. Burt then referred at length to the arguments in respect to illegality, quoting extensively from text-books. The Chief Justice asked why, if a number of people set up a ghost, and induced a man to believe it was flesh and blood, he should be treated as if he had the knowledge that it was a >jhost ? How could the plaintiff have found out that the company was illegal ? Mr. Burt: He could have found out whether we were registered and if the defendants had misrepresented the facts as to the number in the company, he could bring an action for Mr. Harney : In fact, he did ask, and was told that there were 15. That appears on the notes. Mr. Hurt did not think that was in evidence. He did not recollect it. He then addressed the Court on the question of the damages that would flow from the alleged breach of contract. There would only be the difference in value between the market value and the price of the land on that date. Even assuming that the £10,500 was a bona-fide offer, and that it was a fair market value, it was for the land, plant, machinery, and goodwill of the brick-making business, which did not exist now. That plant of machinery had been sold. He submitted that if it did come to the consideration of damages, the Court would only grant a nominal sum. It could not be argued that the defendants had induced the plaintiff to erect the plant for the brick-making works by stating that they would attach transfers. During Mr. Burt's argument on the question of the damages, the point was raised whether they should not be considered as damages sustained on the date of the alleged breach of contract, and not on any date subsequently. Upon this point the Chief Justice said he would hear Mr. Harney on the following day for ten minutes. Mr. Harney said he would confine himself to that time. The Court adjourned until 10.30 a.m. next day. TO-DAY'S CASES. S. Clayton and others (defendants) appellants, and James Mailer (plaintiff) respondent (part heard). William B. Wood and John Scott, motion to reverse the judgment of Mr. Justice Hensman ; also for a new trial. 