CHUECH MISSIONABY ASSOCIATION. Annual Sermon, as revised, preached in St. Paul's Cathedral on Monday, March 21st, 1898, at 7.30 p.m., by the Eev. H. B. Macartney, M.A. ' We are labourers together with God : ye are God's husbandry, ye are God's building.'— I Cor. hi. 9. In verses 6, 7, and 8, St. Paul has been using the words ' planted,' 'watered,' and ' giveth increase ;' but he is the apostle of digression, of rapid turns and sudden changes. He runs off without a moment's notice at some God-given word to some new subject or phase of a subject, to some new, yet apparently essential, manner of looking at eternal truth. Here he breaks away from 'ye are God's husbandry' to 'ye are God's building.' He has devoted four verses to the one emblem ; he now devotes eight verses to the other. It is easy to understand the reason why. 'Planting,' 'watering,' and 'giving increase' were terms suited to the garden and the field; but ' building' was an idea suited to_ a city, eminently to a city like Corinth, with its wondrous architecture, pre-eminently suited to the Jew in Corinth, whose original place of worship was the glory of all lands and the Architect of which was Jehovah Himself. When we come to the anatomy of this passage, we find— First, the foundation; secondly, the shrine or Sanctuary (R.V. margin); thirdly, the larger temple. These three things are separate, and are spoken about separately. Now note (a) that the foundation is laid and finished. Note (b) that the sanctuary is built onpart of the foundation only, and that it also is regarded as finished. Note (c) that the other part of the foundation, the part remaining over after the erection of the sanctuary, is being built upon likewise. There is to be another edifice. It has been begun, but it is not finished yet. Note (d) the foundation is deep down out of sight — invisible. The sanctuary is shining in completed loveliness with its white marble and glistering gold. It is visible to some eyes, invisible to others. The new structure is going up amid confusion and tempest. The builders of it are not all of one mind. The rough building materials are in themselves refractory. It is work in progress, and it is visible to all. Note (e) the foundation is Christ; the sanctuary is the Church of Christ ; the larger temple is an addition, as we sometimes speak of another story, an enlargement, or a wing. The larger temple is the result of ' adding to the Church daily such as should be saved.' Note (/) that while the foundation is God's own building, the larger temple is not spoken of here. It is described as 'man's work' four times over (verses 13, 14, 15). Mark that ' man's ivork.' Note (cj), Christ being Him self indwelt by the Spirit, the Church of Jesus has the very Spirit of Jesus. Look at verse 16 :' Know ye not that ye are the sanctuary (the. shrine) of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you ?' It is the Spirit of Jesus dwelling in the saints that makes them work among sinners. Let us now, in prayerful dependence upon God the Holy Ghost, consider a little more at length (I.) Christ, (II.) the sanctuary, and (III.) the temple. I. And what can I, what can anyone, say about Jesus that has not been better said already ? Still, and notwithstanding, a word of truth is a power for ever, and what we want is not novelty, but to see Jesus. Virgil wrote — ? 'I sing of arms and the man.' — JEneid. . ' We sing — ' We would see Jesus, the great Rock Foundation, On which our feet are set by sovereign grace.' ' The Lord's a Rock — in Him we hide — A Refuge in the time of storm.' Our Bock overshadows and shelters. He is a Smitten Bock. He is a Bifted Eock.: His doves hide in Himself — ' in the clefts of the Rock.' He is the Rock that ' follows.' He is a Rock with a Eiver. He is ' the Eock that is higher than I.' In looking at this Eock to-night, let us consider its immutability in connection with the words which appear later on in this epistle, ' Steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord.' The Eock Christ Jesus is steadfast, unmovable. History attests His steadfastness, His immutability. It was said of a Briton who was greatly instrumental in abolishing slavery, ' His purpose once fixed and settled, then came death or victory.' It was easy, you might imagine, for the Lord Jesus Christ, long long ages and millions of ages ago, to say to His Father in heaven that He would be His spotless J sacrificial Lamb when the fulness of time was come ; but as eternity passed on and led to that portion of eternity which we call time (that is, eternity measured off into portions), when the Lord Jesus came in sight of the sinner and the foulness of his sin ; when He came in sight of Satan — Lord for a season of these realms — His malignant, intelligent, untiring foe ; when He saw Calvary crowned with a cross, and only a few thousands of years away, is His heart steadfast, immovable still ? Yes, Jesus is a Eock. He said it, and His word is His bond. 'Here am I, send Me.' 'I delight to do Thy will.' Again, He is soon to take His last look round the heavenly palace, to inhale, for the last time before incarnation, the celestial breeze, to hear for the last time the music and the song of the angels ere He descends to Bethlehem, to see their faces brighten just once more when He is passing by. He is soon to lay His sceptre down and to put away the purple, because His heart is fixed, ' stead tast, immovable. .But when it comes to parting from One from whom He had never parted before ; when He is about to say the sweet word ' Father,' and to say it for the last time — think you, can His heart endure ? Yes, Jesus is a Eock, steadfast, immovable. Ah, these partings1. They are among the worst things of all. You remember how our great missionary, Bishop Heber, wrote about them — and he must have written when his own heart was aching : — ' When eyes are beaming, what never tongue can tell, And tears are streaming from their crystal cell, When hands are linked that dread to part, And heart is met by throbbing heart, Oh bitter, bitter is the smart of them that bid farewell.' When it comes to this, will His heart endure ? Yes, he is steadfast, immovable. Again, after that farewell, and after coming down to earth, will His high, kingly, lordly heart endure the inn and the manger of the cattle ? Will His taste endure the hard black bread and the coarse clothing of the poor? Will it endure the red-hot sand and the scorpions of the desert, and the flight into Egypt ? Yes, Jesus is a Bock, steadfast, immovable. Will He endure the knife of circum cision, the lowly life among sisters and brothers not sinless like Himself, the misunderstandings of parents and friends.? Will He endure this tainted atmosphere, these daily scenes of sore sickness and surpassing sorrow? Yes, our Lord is a Bock, steadfast, immovable. And when He throws Himself into the battle ; when He comes in contact with sinners and endures their contradiction against Himself ; wrien they mock Him and hoot Him and pelt Him ; when they lie in wait for Him, accuse Him of being a drunkard and a devil, think you, will He endure ? Our Lord is a Bock, steadfast, immovable, always abounding in His Father's business. Can He endure the treacherous heart of Judas, and the factions of His bitter disciples ? Can He bear to go down to dark Gethsemane and take the cup with the burning rim? Can He, the Sinless One, drink God's cup of wrath against sin and drain it to its dregs ? Yes, our Lord is a Bock, steadfast, immovable. He has endured all this ; but can He endure the cross ? Others have endured scourging and iron nails and agonising thirst and running blood and excruciating pain and the insults of the people ; but the cross of Jesus means something more than this. He had been for 33 years in contact with the sinner; but can He endure contact with the sin ? Yes, our Lord is a Bock — ' And as the load immense, intolerable, of the world's sin, Coming nearer and more near, Grounded at last upon that Sinless Soul, Then first, from all eternity then first, from His Beloved Son The Father's face was slowly averted, and its light eclipsed ; And through the darkness rose the sufferer's moan, 'Eloi, Bloi, lama sabacthani.'' To carry sin's load — to be dealt with and reckoned with as a sinner — can He endure this? Yes He is a Bock, steadfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the' Lord ; and this was His special work, to ' bear the sin of many.' We started from a given point — ' My heart is fixed, oh God, my heart is fixed;' 'A purpose once fixed and settled, and then come death or victory.' Here was death and victory. ' Oh death, where is thy sting ? Oh grave, where is thy victory ?' The dead man wakes, and moves. The Crucified moves! The Lord the Eock is risen! When we talk of 'rock' in Australia, it is the grey granite or the common blue rubble ; but this Eock, what does the Bible say about Its aspect? 'Behold, I lay in Zion a chief Cornerstone, elect, precious.' It is not common rock ; It is a jewel ; It is like unto a stone most precious. Think you that the Apostles' names are to be graven in lustrous gems (as in Bev. xxi.), while Jesus is likened only to ordinary rock, however massive and durable? Never! He is the Precious Stone underneath all other precious stones. Nor is that all. Touch that Eock, and you will find not only that It is crystal clear and fire- flashing, but it is divinely -warm. Like John, His cousin and forerunner, He is 'burning' as well as 'shining.' How could it be otherwise, since He is indwelt by the Holy Ghost? That which brought Him from above and along the pilgrim path was to be able to get back to heaven again with drops of precious blood to sprinkle on the Mercy Seat, to make a full atonement, to make it possible for anyone to come. Here let us close our first section — Jesus, Emptied, Immolated, Victor. He has opened the door into heaven itself, and there is room enough for all ! II. The First Superstructure, the Shrine, the Sanctuary, the Church, is built on Jesus, and, like the Eddystone column, is built into Jesus. This is your standing. But what about your state? Bemember what we started with — that it is the spirit of Jesus dwelling in the saints that makes them work among sinners. You have been called not only to glory, but to soldiery and service. Now, is your heart fixed and settled to gather in souls on the basis of your own redemption? Can you make up your mind to repeat the life-story of the Lord Jesus, in some measure, stage by stage ? Is your heart fixed to go through Bethle hem's humility and Jordan's death-cold waters and Gethsemane's bloody sweat and Calvary's desolations in order to get a single soul to the Bock of Ages ? Have you ever crept to the very edge of hell's declivity, and looked down, and said, ' As I live, and as the Lord livetbj I had rather die myself than see a soul fall into that lake of fire ?' Oh ! beloved, are you indeed precious stones built on the Precious Stone ? Are you more than that ? — are you living stones animated and ' driven' by the Spirit ? ' Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you.' We must be workers together with God. An addition has to be built ; there is to be a new pile. There is a vast part of the foundation waiting for material to be laid upon it for gold, silver, wood, stone, from the region around and beyond you. The word is twofold — for those at home and for those abroad. Hear a Samoan on the duty of those who cannot get to the front : — ' Brethren, recollect that if the watch-fires die out, the canoes will be lost. Many of our near relations have ventured far out on the ocean to fish, for the souls of the heathen. The night is dark, the sea is dangerous. Pile up faggots on the watch fires, and shout to the canoes, that they may know where to land. If the watch fires of faith and prayer burn brightly, our brothers will soon return heavily laden with the spoil.' Brethren, we are at home, and most of us have to remain at home. I want to know whether you are going to be burning and shining lights, precious stones — precious stones full of fire. Some Chinese converts, suddenly left without a European missionary, wrote, ' Send us along some Christians whose hearts are hot.' We want this heat in the home circle, and it will keep the fire burning in the foreign representative. It is not piling fuel on a fire outside ourselves, it is ourselves becoming a flame. It is not like striking a match — setting somebody else alight, it is becoming a flame ourselves. Think of Moses and the bush. ' And, behold, the bush burned with fire.' But the time came when the burning bush was no more seen, because it was no more needed. Moses caught fire at the burning bush, and thus became himself the flaming light of the desert, the light of Israel, a light to the present hour. Brethren, let us take fire. III. Here let me come to the last point — the larger, unbuilt temple. The matter lies thus: — There is Christ, a Bock, steadfast, immovable, crystal clear, brightly shining, flaming with the Spirit's fire. He has baptised us with the very same fire, made us living stones ; but what is it all about? The soul of the poor sinner that attracted Him must now attract us. Have we seen sinners as He sees them? What are our feelings and our convictions ? Do they exactly correspond with His ? Look at poor souls not yet laid on the foundation. A brother preaching for me last night spoke of a poor unconverted girl who was drawing nigh to the brink of the grave ; and what do you think were her words? 'It seems so cold to die — it seems so cold to die. ' Ah, to die without Christ, that is cold indeed. And is it not cold to live without him, too ? Is there not a coldness about the heart when you cannot wake up in the morning and see a face, the face of Him who is chief among ten thousand, the face of our immutable, matchless God ? Is there not a coldness about the heart when there is not a book to take down from the shelf to warm us with the thought, ' He gave Himself for me?' Must there not be a coldness about the heart when it has no Sabbath, no hymn-book, no book of devotion, no high ideal, no personal Deity ? It is cold to live without Jesus, and, therefore, cold to die ; and then, coldest of all — no note of heaven's music, no sunlighted faces, no warmth in the rapid flight to see the Man that died for sinners. No ! only the cold chill of separation from God ; separation, perhaps, from relatives that knew Him and loved Him ; and an absolute isolation even from fellow-sinners. There is no such thing as ' company' down in the prison of the lost. Between sinner and sinner there are hosts of mocking demons ; and all around it is hell and Satan and darkness. It seems so cold to die, and to live away from God age after age ! To rescue poor cold souls — to bring them out of the cold snow and frost of religious nothingness, to bring them into the warmth of God — for.this our society exists. The different trades worked together in building the Temple goldsmiths, silversmiths, apothecaries. Just so we work in societies. And some of the material laid on the foundation is gold, and some is silver ; and some is not gold, and some is not silver : God knows. But, up to our light, at least Jet us never be slack. ' Day after day filled in with blessed toil ; Hour after hour still bringing in new spoil.' 