THE ANTI-USURERS’ BILL. People have short memories, especially those people who have no direct or imme- diate personal interest in the matter at is- sue. Those, however, who have interests to serve and irons to be heated at other people’s fires have very strong and active memories. It is thus with the Anti-Usurers Bill. Except by a few the evidence seems to have been forgotten that was taken by a select committee of the Legislative Council regarding the working of the usury system in Victoria. Most shameful extortion, equal to almost anything that was brought to light by the still more recent Commission on Law, was laid bare before the Usury Com- mission. The trickery and the viciousness of the system was such that on the report of the Commission being laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly it constrained such an aged and usually unemotional poli- tician as the Hon. James Service to exclaim of a certain usurer that “He was a devil incarnate, a very prince of devils.” And as the Herald, which for many years has done such good, fearless and sensible work in the exposure of frauds and cheats of various descriptions has from time to time shown us, Mr. Service’s “Prince of Devils” had many other “devils” (large and small) to keep him in countenance, to see that the Satanic work does not flag and is not neglected now that the chief is no longer able to personally supervise it in Melbourne. There are still a few philan- thropic “ladies” advertising in the Mel- bourne press that they are anxious to lend money to the impecunious. Several “re- tired gentlemen” are also aiding in the good work of the other “ministering angels.” What these and other individuals like them are discovered to be when followed up the Herald first and the Usury Commission sub- sequently, enlightened us. The philan- thropic “ladies” and the “retired gentle- men” are so many traps and snares for plundering the unfortunate, the simple- minded or the reckless and foolish. Some- times it has been shown that the alleged lender has no money to lend, or at least money lending is not in his line. A dupe caught by the advertisement of such an in- dividual will state his case. The usury sharp will speak him fair words. He will state that if what the would-be borrower says is true, he does not see any objections in the way of making the advance required. But as it is not his own money that he is dealing with but the money of the widow lady, the retired gentleman, or the rich uncle from Fiji, enquiries must be made. The “en- quiry fee” is 10s. or 20s. The dupe pays it to the “confidence man,” and it is the last he sees of it. On his next visit to the “confidence man’s” office he is told in effect that the “enquiries” have been made and that the “confidence man” does not feel justified in risking on such security any of the money of his clients—especially that of the rich uncle from Fiji. Of course a man cannot be termed a usurer who like this class of harpy does not lend anything what- ever, but keeps himself afloat by “enquiry fees” and “travelling expenses” to inspect country properties which he never sees. But it throws light on the tricks of the trade, and it shows the extent to which this class of city sharp will go in order to avoid doing a day’s honest work with his hands or brains. Though a few months ago the newspapers were full of the evidence that was being taken by the Usury Commission, and the bill which the Attorney-General now has before Parliament is based on the recom- mendations of that commission, a few in- terested parties have put their heads to- gether and if the press and public do not speak out, and if members of Parliament do not do what they ought there is a risk of the measure being shelved. Mr. Isaacs is not being supported with this measure as he should be. There are deep and cun- ning wire-pullers behind the scenes, and none know this better than the members of Parliament themselves. Knowing the facts as they do they ought to be ashamed of themselves if they are drawn away from their duty to the public by the button-hol- ing and the greedy importunities of the agents of the “widow lady,” the “retired gentleman” and the Fijian uncle. The rates of interest legally provided for in the bill are high enough in all conscience. From 8 to 40 per cent. is surely good enough in- terest for money. When the security is so bad that the risk requires a higher rate of interest than that, the transaction is not a business one. It is neither more nor less than a gambling transaction. This is em- phatically true of the “time sales” of mining shares in the sharemarkets of Melbourne, Bendigo and Ballarat. Perhaps in the three cities there are not 20 operators who go in for this risky class of business, and of the operators who do probably one-half of them wish that such a style of doing business had never been invented. For these “time sales” where interest from month to month is calculated on a David Henry scale, are purely gambling trans- actions. Usually it is the outsider having a fly at stocks on insufficient capital who comes to grief. Often it is the accommoda- ting broker who comes to grief as well, for to give the “time sale” broker his due he is not usually a hard enough shark for suc- cessfully conducting such a risky business so that it may yield him profit all the year round. It was a piece of coolness on the part of a small handful of “time sale” bro- kers asking that all mining transactions may be exempted from the bill. We trust that Mr. Isaacs will do no such thing, and we trust that the mining members will not be so unwise or so false to what they know is the truth in these matters, as to press the Minister to emasculate this portion of the bill. Reckless credit gambling and plunging of all kinds should be reprobated in whatever form it is practised. If the mining members would speak, some of their experiences of people in re- gard to “time sales” that have come under their observation would be very en- tertaining. Let these transactions in the sharemarket and other transactions in the financiers’ offices where the proposed legal rates of interest are exceeded be treated between the parties as debts of honor. Mr. Isaacs should insist on drawing the line sharply between fair interest for value re- ceived and fancy interest on reckless gam- bling transactions—in other words between interest and usury and between interest and extortion. To-day’s Events.—Ministers’ Associa- tions, 10 a.m. ; Eaglehawk Police Court, 10 a.m. ; Excursion to Ballarat, 2 p.m.; Eaglehawk Council, 3.30 p.m. ; St. Vin- cent de Paul Society, 3.30 p.m. ; Golden Square Brigade, 8 ; “Called Back,” The- atre, 8 ; Social and Federal Fancy Fair, Town Hall, 8 ; Annual meeting B.N.C.C., Athenaeum Hotel, 8 p.m. “Children Teaching Children, at Chil- dren’s Wages.”—A member of the Bal- larat Board of Advice writes thus:—“Many thanks for your timely leader in the Ben- digo Independent upon the condition of our State schools and young teachers. I intend to do my best to look into the matters pointed out in your leader, and I sincerely hope that other boards will accept your ad- vice and do the same.” The “Ghost” Scare.—A number of the local police are being sent out nightly to watch for and if possible capture the mis- chievous idot in white who has caused such a stir in the vicinity of the hospital and elsewhere during the past few weeks. It is related by a young man that some per- son or persons were playing the “ghost” business in View street north shortly be- fore 12 o’clock on Saturday night by means of a kind of lantern. The light was thrown against a dark part of fence and looked for all the world like “the hospital ghost.” It jumped and moved about, was small one minute and large the next, and finally disappeared ais mysteriously as it had appeared. The young man who watched the whole performance, is certain that it was caused by somebody operating a lantern. But for the story of Mr. F. Bugler, an employe of the Tramway Com- pany, this would go a long way to indicate that the person who is said to have been masquerading in white is a myth. Mr. Bugler states that he was walking along View street at 2 o’clock on Saturday morn- ing and looking over towards the Upper Reserve Sports Ground saw portion of a white figure gazing at him over the fence. It stood motionless for a few minutes and then disappeared when he (Bugler) whistled for the police. With Senior Constable Carroll and Constable J. Kelly, Bugler a few minutes after entered the re- serve. They did not catch the “ghost,” but they found fresh mud marks on a seat at the exact spot where the man had been standing looking over the fence. Parliament will be engaged this week on the financial measures indicated by the Pre- mier in his budget speech. So far (remarks the Age) as the loan and inscribed stock bills are concerned, it is important that they should be dealt with at once to give the Treasurer time to make the necessary arrangements in London by certain dates. There are 10 small bills in all, and the Purification of Rolls Bill stands next in order. In the Legislative Council, the Drainage Bill is in the report stage. Several minor bills still block more important mea- sures (the Exported Products, Wages At- tachment, Plural Voting Abolition, and Women’s Suffrage). The measures just named containing provisions of vital im- portance in both principle and practice, have conveniently lain on the shelf till after the so-called “election” of 14 unopposed members of the Council. Visitors.—Messrs. D. T. Davies, of London, Jenckens, of Birmingham, and Gates, of Chicago, three gentlemen largely interested in Australian mining were in Bendigo yesterday. In company with Mr. J. Delbridge, they visited several of the Bendigo mines including The New Prince of Wales, and North Old Chum companies. Mr. Davies is having a battery erected at Tarnagulla. He expresses himself as being greatly astonished at the magnitude of min- ing operations in Bendigo. They were introduced to a directors’ meeting of the New Prince of Wales Co., and were enter- tained by the chairman, Mr. J. Sternberg, M.L.C. Last night the visitors left for Maldon, where they intend inspecting se- veral of the mines. Deranged. —As Mr. Thomas Burt, of Huntly was returning home on Sunday, he saw a young man lying in the cold and met in the middle of the road. He alighted from his trap and picked the young man up. He was wet through and his clothes were covered with mud and, judging from his incoherent mutterings, he appeared to be wrong in his mind. Mr. Burt lifted him into the buggy and afterwards drove into the Bendigo watchhouse, where Con- stable O’Louglin identified him as a resi- dent of Castlemaine (Mr. C. Taylor, a hay and corn dealer), whom he knew while sta- tioned in that town. The unfortunate man was taken to the hospital and as the re- sult of a medical examination was placed in the lunacy ward. He was in a very ex- hausted condition when admitted. Last night however he had improved consider- ably, but his mental faculties are still very much deranged. Sixpence Per Day.—A labour dispute has occurred at the cyanide works at the Black Horse claim, Egerton the aggrieved men alleging that there has been a reduc- tion of 6d per day on the rates recognised by the union and agreed to by the em- ployers. The officers of the A.M.A. are engaged in making inquiry into the mat- ter, which might necessitate the coming out on stirke of 24 hands. The dispute will receive special consideration at the meeting of the executive of the A.M.A. at Bendigo in a few days. Decorating Gordon’s Statue.— The capture of Omdurman by the British forces operating in the Soudan, has (says our Mel- bourne correspondent) caused special atten- tion to be bestowed on the statue of General Gordon, the philanthropic soldier whose pathetic death at Khartoum thrilled all Englishmen with horror and indignation. Yesterday a detachment of the naval bri- gade visited the statue and in the presence of a considerable gathering of spectators, placed a white wreath over the laurel wreath on the pedestal. The ceremony only occupied about five minutes. Willliams’ Dictionary.— We have re- ceived a copy of the Williams’ dictionary— a 48-page booklet. It comprises over 10,000 words, compiled from Johnson, Webster and Worcester, the Standard dictionary makers of our language. The Dr. Wil- liams’ Medicine Company are the publish- ers, and the little work, though employed as an advertising medium, is all that it is represented to be. It bears evidence to the enterprise of the proprietors of Dr. Wil- liams Pink Pills for Pale People. Over 600,000 copies have been already distri- buted. Additional copies may be obtained by forwarding twopence in stamps to the Dr. Williams’ Medicine Company, Sydney. Tickets for the excursion in connection with the Australasian Christian Endeavor Convention to be held in Melbourne next week, are now obtainable from Messrs. Souter, Robshaw, Hampton, and T. C. Watts, Bendigo; F. W. Buley, Golden Square ; H. Curnow, Kangaroo Flat, and J. Andrew, Eaglehawk. In order to provide ample accommodation, it has been arranged to run two trains to Melbourne instead of one, on Wednesday, the 14th inst. The first train will leave Bendigo at 6.30, and the second will follow after a short interval, picking up passengers at Golden Square and Kangaroo Flat. A Half Century.—The A.M.P. Life As- surance Society, one of the largest and most flourishing organisations of its kind in the world, is now in its fiftieth year. The annual income of the society is £2,000,000. The accumulated funds amount to £14,000,000 and the cash bonuses divided amongst mem- berg have reached the enormous sum of £7,500,000. Smart Sparring.—“You have the memory like a sieve?” said Mr. Gaunson to a wit- ness yesterday in the Melbourne Court. “I remember helping you to get into Par- liament,” was the startling reply. “That was the only good thing you ever did,” rejoined Mr. Gaunson. “I considered it was better when I helped to put you out,” quickly came the retort. The Ballarat Excursion.—An excur- sion train will be run to Ballarat to-day in connection with the South street Literary and Elocutionary competitions. The train will leave at 2 o’clock, stopping at Golden Square and Kangaroo Flat. Tickets may be obtained up to noon to-day. A New Picture.—At yesterday’s meet- ing of the Bendigo Art Gallery committee, Mr. W. Davis read a latter received from Miss Meeson (late of Melbourne), who is studying art in Paris, enclosing a list of paintings which she could thoroughly re- commend to the gallery. Photographs of the different paintings were also forwar- ded, and these were examined by the com- mittee yesterday. After consideration and selection, Mr. Claridge moved that the gallery purchase a painting by M. Loves Roger, representing Christ addres- sing the multitude on the Shore of Lake Tiberius. Mr. R. H. S. Abbott secon- ded the motion, and it was carried. The picture, besides winning a prize of 3000 francs, has been hung, and twice medal- led in the Paris Salon. Of this picture, Miss Meeson says :—“It is a lovely paint- ing, and the photograph gives no idea of its richness in colour.” The committee have decided to send a cablegram to Mr. Fairclough in London asking him to pur- chase the picture on their behalf. In a recent letter to the members for the dis- trict, the hon. secretary of the Bendigo Art Gallery says : —“The vote was originally £2000, but it has been continuously re- trenched to £200, while that to the Na- tional Gallery, Melbourne, is to be substan- tially increased. A little organised effort on the part of members from Ballarat, Ben- digo and Warrnambool, with the assistance of any other country members that can be obtained, pointing, out the injustice of the allocation, may, perhaps, prove successful.” Bendigo Art Gallery.—The monthly meeting of the committee was held yester- day afternoon. Present—Messrs. J. Cohn, (president), J. H. Abbott, A. Mackay, J. Robshaw, J. H. Mueller, G. G. P. Claridge, F. Prescott, C. Cohen, W. Davis, W. Neill, the Rev. J. T. Rooney and Mr. R. H. S. Abbott, hon. secretary. The chief secrer- tary wrote stating that the money recently voted to the gallery, £134 13s 1d, had been passed to the Treasury for payment. It was decided to write to the members for the district requesting them to endeavour, when the Estimates came before the House, to get the annual vote for country art gal- leries increased. Seemed Proud of It.—“Oi plade guilty, yer wurrshups,” said an elderly man who was charged at the City Court yesterday with being drunk and disorderly. “I often dhrink brandy,” he continued, “in fact, sometimes I dhrink a bucket full. It was the wet weather that druv me to it on Sather- day.” The Chairman—“You’re rather proud of it. Do you live in Bendigo?” Defendant replied that he travelled the country, and had only been in Bendigo five or six times. Inspector Murphy pointed out that the police knew nothing about this lover of brandy previous to Saturday night. Bearing in mind the fact that he had been locked up since Saturday evening, the Bench discharged him with a caution to beware of the brandy and of all other in- toxicants. Banana Skins. —The dangerous and sel- fishly careless practice of throwing banana skins on the footpath caused a very nasty fall to a young man as he was crossing the footpath in Barnard street last evening. Some careless individual had thrown a fresh skin on the wet asphalt, and the young man stepping on it was suddenly thrown off his feet, cutting both his hands and knee in a nasty manner. It is a pity he cannot discover the person who dropped the banana peel Forest Street Wesleyn Church.— Last evening the anniversary tea and public meeting were held. The tea was laid in the school- room at 6.30, and the tables which were beautifully decorated and well filled were presided over by Mesdames Cur- now, Skillicorn, Miller, Mills, Day, Quick, Gray, and Farmer, and Misses Roberts and Ellis. At the public meeting, Mr. F. Davey occupied the chair. Addresses were given by the Revs. Thomas Adamson, S. Adamson, Nye, and Kearns and the Mayor (Cr. Harkness). The balance-sheet, read by Mr. Stanfield, the treasurer, showed a substantial credit. During the evening, a collection in aid of the trust funds was taken up to enable those who had not pre- viously done so to contribute. Robbing a Gold Office.—-On Saturday night the office of Messrs. Liddell and Co., gold brokers and assayers, of Mitchell street, was broken into. Entrance was effected by forcing in the back door. The robber or robbers then took two small bags of pyrites from the laboratory and with the greatest effrontery imaginable, washed the stuff off in the tubs at the back of the office. They then decamped with the gold they had washed from the sand. Mr. Hughes, the manager estimates that the sand contained about £2 worth of gold. The Hospital Management.—A Special meeting of the hospital committee was held at Mr. M’Gowan’s office last evening. Pre- sent—Messrs. Marks (president), Bayne, Hoskins, Lazarus, Hunter, M’Gowan, Mac- kay, Henderson and Abbott and Drs. H. Boyd and Gaffney. The sub-committee, consisting of Messrs. Marks, Gaffney, Boyd and M’Gowan, submitted the altered rules for the management of the medical staff. It was unanimously decided to adopt the rules as altered and to call a special meet- ing of life governors in accordance with the rules, to either adopt or reject them. The meeting then closed. The “Australian Horse.”—A deputa- tion of 27 members of the New South Wales Parliament urged on the Colonial Secretary that the “Australian horse re- giment” be increased from 410 to 1000 men. The regiment, which consists solely of men in the country, was formed about six months ago, and promises to become the most popular volunteer regiment in the colony. The present cost for 410 men is £8 15s. per head per annum, and the anti- cipated cost for 1000 men will be £8 9s. each. Mr. Brunker said he sympathised with the movement, but the matter would have to be submitted to the Cabinet. Another Non-itinerant.—A good deal of surprise has been occasioned at Stawell by the announcement that the Rev. A. W. Butler, who has had charge of the Wes- leyan Church there since April last, has decided to resign and join the Presbyterian ministry. On the 15th inst. Mr. J. H. Curnow will sell the property of Mr. John Schmidt, situated in Anderson and Langston streets, with a new two-roomed house thereon. On Thursday next a very large collection of furniture and effects from a Melbourne manufacturer and warehouseman will be sold. Particulars are advertised to-day. Woman’s Literary Society.—A meeting was held in Miss Creeth’s studio last even- ing, there being a large attendance. Mrs. Walker presided. Several new members were elected. An excellent paper on “Sheridan” was read by Miss A. Berges, which was greatly appreciated, and a hearty vote of thanks was passed for the pleasure her paper afforded. Mrs. Ware gave a very enjoyable reading from Sheridan’s works. Sudden Death.—A young man named George Broom died very suddenly at Cali- fornia Gully on Sunday afternoon. The deceased, who boarded with Mrs. Pearce, of Christian street, was sitting by the fire conversing with her. He appeared to be in the best of health. Suddenly, however, he fell back in the chair as if in a faint. Mrs. Pearce sent for Dr. H. O. Cowen, but on the doctor’s arrival the poor fellow was dead. He did not speak at all from the time he fainted, and died in ten minutes. A magisterial inquiry was held yesterday by Mr. J. Green, J.P. Drs Cowen and Long, who made a post mortem examina- tion, certified that death was due to failure of the heart (syncope). A verdict to that effect was recorded. Anniversary Social.—The anniversary social of the Long Gully Fire Brigade was held last night in the Oddfellows’ Hall, Long Gully. The attendance was not very large, though considering the rain it was as large as could be expected. The chair was occupied by Mr. A. Dunstan. Songs were contributed by Misses Marion Jones and Gladys Long, and Messrs. Leech, Bee- cham, R. Howell, F. Jennkins, J. Dunstan, J. McVeigh, and R. Milburn ; musical selections by Mr. P. Peterson ; absurdities by Mr. J. Griffiths; an Irish jig by Mr. F. Morgan, a sailor’s hornpipe by Mr. Gorman ; club swinging by pupils of Mr. Wagstaff ; ventriloquism by Mr. W. Fel- lowes, and comicalities by Mr. J. Stirton. Miss Marion Jones was accompanist. A dance was held after tho concert, Mr. F. Jenkins acting as M.C. Intestate.—The Curator of Intestate Es- tates has obtained a rule to administer the , estate of Jessie Clark Boyd, otherwise Jessie Boyd, otherwise Jane Boyd, who died in the Ararat lunatic asylum on July 27 last. She was formerly of Break o’ Dy, near Kangaroo Flat, and left property worth £109 6s 4d. Mr. J. Pascoe, who was for many years connected with leading tailoring establish- ments in Bendigo, has commenced business on his own account in Barnard street. He hopes by good and cheap workmanship and material to secure a share of public patronage. Teachers’ Association.— The monthly meeting of the Bendigo District Teachers’ Association was held in the School of Mines on Saturday afternoon last, about twenty members being in attendance. In the ab- sence of the president, Mr. J. L. Robert- son, M.A., vice-president, occupied the chair. The reports of the committee and of the social committee were adopted, and other routine business disposed of. Mr. Robertson, as per syllabus, then gave an interesting address on grammar, and its teaching, which was attentively listened to and afterwards discussed by members pre- sent. At the next meeting Mr. Burston, head teacher of Gravel Hill, is to speak on “How to teach singing in State Schools.” Drilling for Leads.—The Minister of Mines has resolved on carrying out an im- portant and comprehensive scheme of drill prospecting in various part of the colony. A large amount of work has already been done by boring to locate the leads ; but Mr. Foster points out that in many in- stances the ground has not been so thoroughly tested as it should have been, because the line of bore was not taken in the right direction. In such cases, where the silurian rock on either side of a pro- bable lead defined the site in which to pro- spect, the bores had been taken parallel with the run of the country, instead of being across it ; or if taken across the trend, they have left considerable intervals, in which a lead may exist undiscovered. Mr. Foster intends to have the work taken up again, so that the ground will be tested more closely, and where new lines of bores are desirable they will be put down in the right direction, while the wider intervals be- tween bores crossing the country will be tested. The Minister intends to devote several thousand pounds to this further exploration, by which he hopes to strike leads that have so far escaped discovery.— Age. Gold at Wycheproof.—A gold-bearing reef was accidentally discovered on Satur- day last by Mr. Jackson, a tailor at Wych- proof. The formation is chiefly granite, and, as it stood well above the surface, blasting material was soon got to work, and it is stated that some very fine speci- mens of coarse gold were obtained. The situation of the find is about 100 yards south of Mount Wycheproof, and about half a mile east of the post office. This being the first gold discovered in the dis- trict, excitement was, intense when it was made known in the town, crowds of people making their way to the spot, all more or less anxious to peg out a claim on the line of reef, which runs north and south. Federal Fair.—In connection with the Federal Fancy Fair to be held shortly, a social will be given in the Town Hall to- night. At 11 o'clock to- morrow on the premises “Ardkeen,” Wattle and Short streets, Messrs. H. M. Marks and Co. will hold an extensive clearing sale of superior modern household furniture, piano by Collard and Collard, building materials, etc., on account of Mr. Harry O’Neill, who is leaving Ben- digo. The lots will be on view to-day from 2 o’clock. On Saturday Messrs. R. O’Neill and Co. will conduct a sale of 231 acres of freehold land at Mosquito Creek, adapted for agri- cultural and grazing purposes. The land is well watered. Presbyterian Golden Square.—The an- niversary was celebrated on Sunday by special services. The Rev. Hume Cook, of Castle- maine, conducted the morning and evening services, and the Rev. A. S. C. James the one in the afternoon. In the evening Mr. Cook spoke on “What is a Christian?” The speaker said the word Christian as used in the very loose general sense, referred to the inhabitants of a Christian country, to those who had had a Christian training, or to those baptised in the Christian faith. But that was not its true sense. They were not Christians, because they were born in a Christian land. Christianity was Christ’s method of uniting them to God. He obtained the forgiveness and revealed Christ to them. Anthems were rendered by the scholars at each service. Miss E. Bissett was conductress, and Miss M. Bissett organist. A social will take place on Wednesday evening. Wesleyan Golden Square.—Services in celebration of the anniversary of the Christian Endeavor Society were preached on Sunday. In the evening the Rev. Mr. Taylor preached from St. Paul’s epistle to the Colossians, 3rd chapter, 17th verse, “And whatsoever ye do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by Him.” The text, said the preacher, set before them an ideal of life. Some people considered life too real and matter of fact to have an ideal. The text taught them that every man might have a glorious ideal—that every man might live an ideal life. Special hymns were sung by the choir at each services. The “Trilby Push.”—Complaints against “this push,” which has been much in evidence of late, are being made by residents of Queen and Wattle streets. Every Wednesday and Saturday nights members of “this push” create disturbances in this locality. A few evenings ago they pulled several palings off a resident’s fence. They passed down Wattle street shortly before 12 o’clock on Saturday night, and after using most filthy language, proceeded to break down a fence, inside of which a small terrier was barking. Stringent measures are needed, to put down such ruffianly and disgraceful con- duct. The Weather.—The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards, Pall Mall, yesterday were :—Ther- mometer—9 a.m., 53° ;12 noon, 55°; 3 p.m., 58° ; 6 p.m., 56 ; maximum, 60° ; minimum, 50°. Barometer—9 a.m., 29.26; 12 noon, 29.24 ; 3 p.m., 29.22 ; 6 p.m., 29.23. 