%mix\xlxu, "Past. Present. Future." SYDNEY, SATURDAY* OCTOBER 15, 1S9S. The Ghosts of Land Grant Railways. .The proposai made by Mr. Solomon in the ; South"Australian House of Assembly, that the main trunk transcontinental railway should be ' completed "on the land grant principle, is inte resting to all the colonies. This railway, ; as most people know, will, when finished, bisect the continent,, following the overland telegraph line from Adelaide to Port Darwin. That its completion will be attended with important re sults, to all Australia; and a probable revolu tion of the existing stagnant state of things iii the Northern Territory, there ls no doubt. It would shorten the mail route and throw open an immense tract of Northern Australia, little known and sparsely settled, to the inspection and curiosity of travellers from other countries who now never see it; and mVfke a busy sea-; port on our northern coast where now we, -vir tually, have only the Chinese-supported town: of Palmerston; To hasten this much-desired , consummation Mr. Solomon suggests the landV grant principle-a principle condemned and ¡ abandoned by all leading Australian poli ticians. Many proposals have been made "by i many-companies or syndicates on the same .! grounds; but the South Australian Govern ment discreetly declined the tempting offers. Seeing that they were mostly accompanied by a stipulation that the Government should guarantee 3% per cent, on the capital invested, this is not. strange. So far, the only land' grant-constructed railway of any length in Australia is the one from Albany to Beverley in West Australia, and this is now taken over hy the Government of that colony, and never paid any return worth speaking of. Since then there may be said to have been a slump in land-granfrrailways, until- the Idea was Revived : the 'other day by Mr;_ Solomon. ' Id this case one has to consider the description of country the railway line'will have to pass through and. I the sort of returns- to be expected. : ' 'The-'bait t of laud for agricultural' aiid -pastoral occupai I tioñ cannot in this instance-Tie considered as I good enough;.-.Tlie.rlure.aiust.lie;.la"-'the:*fact.. i that, the proposed line passes through the large i.area of broken country known 'collectively as the M'Donnell Ranges; This'tract of country has long been a-Speculative -ground iin which to locate gold and other mineral deposits, and fields of diamonds and-precious-stones. A land " of '-imyatery- --and-" «pmaace^i^aere;, tlio. : , rugged peaks : aaa ra vines - shój¿"¿'rjf ta . -la the.. : ranges with opals lit," and other fairy pro mises of fortune. Something in the remote ness of the place; its somewhat weird charac ter, with gloomy gorges and occasional tarns of almost inaccessible water, together with the constantly recurring tales brought back of rich gold indications,- of ruby Ands, ,and other legends, ^combine to makei it a splendid basis .to: te mp ta. company to secure large tracts' of freehold land there. On the other hand; the success of any great pastoral 'company,- in the drought-smitten interior, with its scanty carry- ? lng capacity, or of sugar and coffee plantations in the tropical coast, lands, where they have before now turned out failures, is moro than problematical. ,. It is not likely that: the South Australian. 'Government will sell their birth right .. in the possibilities of 7 the M'Donnell Ranges to any - private syndicate, nor would they, be justified in so doing at the present mo ment, when the alienation of land to syndicates ; is likely to be au impo.rtant-,question*of federal administration. : What might happen under a" . federal flag, and what would be of the greatest benefit to tropical Australia,-and indirectly to tlié remainder, would be for, Queensland: to ex tend her western- trunk line " to Port ' Darwin: This could be done through country presenting" no engineering diiRciilties whatever.; It could be carried over gently rolling downs, fit for sheep occupation all-the way, to within a hun dred -miles south of the present terminus of Pine Creek. It would, open up hundreds and hundreds of miles of country,- both in Queensland and the Northern Territory,'no\y languishing.for.want of cheap'and rapid com munication. .But it is à. dream tliatvonly federation can accomplish. As regards tho commercial ethics of land-grant railways, the principle upon which they are mostly ground ed are not speculative at all. 1 Speculative, perhaps, as far as anticipating making some extraordinary fabulous return by means of a lucky fluke; but not speculative in one way, in asmuch as a safe, if low, interest, guaranteed by the Government, 'is ai ways a stipulation;' If.. tho private . historyv of land-grant, railway proposals in Australia ever came to be written it,,would be a decitlediy humorous production. Cases where two points have been indicated7 on the map, and the. country in between spoken of as' a 'field for-'.the possible 'development of rich auriferous tracts and -areas for; tropical plantation enterprise, in close and contiguous conjunction! Cases where the proposals for constructing a land- grant raJlway-rcapital, some' millions-have emanated from a fivé shillings-a- week office and one shabby man with his lunch in his pocket and a small boy digesting a penny iee cream. The ghosts of many proposed - land-grant railway schemes haunt Queensland with the same persistency, that they do South Australia. In fact, the ghosts of'land-grabbing syndicates "are founcj. . hovering "around all the Britsh possessions wi th large unoccupied areas of land ; and tlie ghost of the present proposal by Mr.: Solomon will soon' join the other shades/ The system of land-grant syndicates in'any shape is* against the present sta te of -public/opinion. - Australia, and especially New South Wales, has had hit ter experience in the past, andvis not likely toi wish to renew it 