SPURGEON'S AUTOBIO- GRAPHY. Cdurtship and Marriage. Early Successes. LONDON. August 26. [From our own Correspondent.] The second volume of "C. H. Spiirgeon's Autobiography," compiled from his diary, letters, and record by his wife and his private iSecrc-tarv, has been issued by the publishers, Messrs. l'assmore & Alabaster. 'Hiere is less of anecdote a::d more of consecutive narrative in this'than in the first volume, but the period covered, extending from 1854 to I860, was probably the most momentous in the Life of the great preicher. The first chapter is taken up with the account of Spurgeon"s courtship of Miss Susan Thompson, a lady closely connected with the" Oilier familv, who in due time became his wile." The story is.told by the ladv herself, and no one who reads it can doubt that the union was that of two persons having an-intellectual affinity as well as an intense love for-each other. Mrs. Spurgeon prefaces the personal pages with the following touching illustration of her emotions in entering upon the task undertaken bv her. '••Manv v-eai-s agrf 1 read a pathetic story, wipch is constantly recalled to mind as the-duties of this compilation compel me to "read the records of past veal's, and reperuse the long-closed letters of .my beloved, and live, over again the happy days when we were all-utall to jeaeh other. I do not 'remember all\he details of the incident which so impressed me, but the chief facts were these. A married couple were crossing one of the great glaciers of the Alpine regions, when a fatal accident occurred. Tlie husband fell dpwn one of the huge crevassc-s"which abound on all glaciers—the tope broke, and the depth of the chasm -was go great tliat. no help could be rendered, nor could the body be recovered. Over the wife's anguish at her loss we must draw the veil of silence. Forty years afterwards saw her, with the guide who had accompanied fliem at the time of the accident, staying at the nearest Aotel at the foot of 'the glacier, waiting for the sea of ice to give up its dead; \for, by the wellknown law of glacier-progression, the form of her long-lo^t husband might be ejected lo appear, expelled from the mouth of the torrent, about that date. . Patiently, and with unfailing constancy, they watched and waited, and their hopes were at" last rewarded.' One day the body was released from its prison in the. ice, and. the wife looked agqjn on the features of him who had been so long parted from her. 1 isut the pathos of the storv lay in the fact that she was then an old woman, while the newly-rescued body was that of quite a young and robust man, so faithfully had the "crystal casket preserved .the jewel which it" held so long. The forty years had left no wrinkles on that marb.e brow. Time's withering fingers could not touch him in that tomb; and so, for a fe.v brief moments, the aged lady saw the husband of her youth, as be was ,in the days which were "•one for ever. Somewhat similar has been my experience while preparing these chapters: ~ „. . "After it had been settled, says one reviewer • that young Spurgeon should occupy new Park-street pulpit with a, view to the permanent pastorate, "Miss Thompson used to meet him occaaonally at the hi usc cf their common1 rriends, Mr. and Mrs Glney, and she sojnetini.es went to hear him preach. About this time she became alarmed at her backsliding spiritual state, and was moved. to seek guidance from one of the pillars, of the Sundayschool, Mr. Olney's second son. "He may have told the new pastor about me," she says, "X cannot say; but one day I was greatly surprised to receive from Mr. Spurgeon. an illustrated copy of 'The Pilgrim's Progress,' " with this inscription:—"Miss Thompson, with desires for her "prioress 'in the blessed pilgrimage, from C. H. Spurgeon. Ap. 20, 1851." Their friendship steadily grew after this!,' and on-June 10 the lover made his first "revelation." Thr-y were present with a large party of friend, at the opening of the Crystal Palace on that day:— We occupied some raised seats at the end of the Palace where the great clock is now fixc-^1- As we sat there talking, laughing, and amusing ourselves as best we could- while waiting for the procession to pass by, Sir. Spurgeon handed me a book, into which he had been occasionally dipping, and pointing to some particular lines, said, *^\Yha.t do you think of the poet's suggestion in those verses?". The volume was Martin Tupper's "Proverbial Philosophy."' . . . The pointing finger guided my eyes to the chapter on '"Marriage." of which the opening sentences ran th- js:— • ' Seek a good wife of thy God, for she is tell best gift ef His providence; and so on down to If thou art,to have a wife of thy youth, she Is now living on the eartb; - • Therefore tiling of "her. and pray for her weal. "Do you pray for him who is to be your husband?" said a soft low voice in my ear —so soft that no one els; heard the Whisper.' I do not remember that the question received .-my vocal answer; but my fast beating heart, which sent a tell-taJe flush to my chceks, and my downcast eyes, - which foared to reveal the light which at once dawned in them, may have spoken a language which love understood. From that moment a very quiet and subdued little maiden sat by the young pastor's side, and while the brilliant procession passed round the Palace, I do not think she took so much note <jf the glittering pageant defiling before j her as of -the crowd of newly- ; awakened emotions, which were palpitating j within her heart. The courtship continued for weeks of unalloyed I happiness, until on August 2 the ' "verbr.l confession" was made, "and lliss Thompson made the following entry in her i ; diary ascainst that day:—"It is impossible to write down all that occurred this morning. : I c.m only adore in' silence the mercy of my C3od, and pi-aise Him for all His benefits".' The love-letters are among the most remarkable love-letters ever published. She is "-My own doubly dear Susie,' and he "My dearest:' he 'your much-loved, and ardently loving, o. II. S.;' she. 'fondly and fiuthfully vours, Susie."' On July 17." 183o, the lover and pastor wrote from Aberfeloy, a Scotch town, which he had reached during a preaching and holiday tour over the Border:— ; "My Precious Love— i ' our dearly-prized note came safely to hand, and verily it did excel all I have ever read, even from your loving pen. Well, I am all right now." Last Sabbath I preached twice, and to sum up ail in a word, the services were "glorious.' In the morning, Dr. Patterson's place was crammed; and in the evening, Dr. Wardlaw's Chapel was crowded to suffocation by more than "2.500 people, while persons outside declared that quite afe many went away. My reception was enthusiastic; never was greater honour given to mortal man. They were just as delighted as are the people at Park-street. To-day, I have had1 a fine drive with my host and his daughter. To-morrow, I am to preach here. It is quite impossible for me to be left in quiet. Already, letters come in, begging me to go here, there,^ and everywhere. Unless I go to the North Pole, 1 never can get away from my holy labour. "Now, to return to you again. I. have had day-dreams of you while driving along. I thought you wore veil" near me. It is not lone, dearest, before 1 sliali again enjoy yo'ir sweet society, if tiie providence of 1 God permit. I knew I loved you very • much before, but now I feel how necessary j you are to me; and you will not lose much ! by my absence, if you find me, on my rc- j turn, more attentive to your feelings, as ! "well as equally affectionate. I can now thoroughly "sympathise with your tears, because 1 feel "in no little degree that pang of absence which my constant engagements prevented me from noticing when in London. How. then, musr you, with so much leisure, have felt my absence from you, even though you we)) knew that it wai unavoidable on my part. My darling, accept love of the deepest and purest kind from one who is not prone to exaggerate, but who feels that here there is uo room for hyper'ooie. Think not that I weary myself by writing; for. dearest, it is mv delight to please you. and soiacf! ail absence which must be even nioi-Q dreary to you than to me, since traveiling and preaching lead me to fci-get it. j My eves .rt-he for sleep, but. they shall keep open, till I have invoked the blessings from above—mercies temporal and eternal—to 1 rest on the head of one whose name it 1 sweet to me. and who equally loves the | name of her own, her much-loved, C. H. S. He presented her at this time with a booK ] bearing the- title of "The I'ulpit Library, j the lirst-puhlishcd volumes of his sermons.'j Tlie occasion of the gift is expressed by the inscription:— | "In a few days it will be out of my powci ] to present anvthing to Miss Thompson. Let j this be a remembrance <?f our happy meetjugf. and sweet conversations,—Dec. 18a5. ! C. H. Spurgeon." The wedding took place on January 8, grooms •> in •/<- ^ i" — ^— -o-i i • Spurgeon's inscription in the lanuly imjie recording the marriage; and not less in the "loving comment" he added to this inscription eleven vears afterwards:— diaries Haddon Spurgeon .and Susannah Thompson were by the gracious arrangement of Divine Providence most. hapmly married at New Park-street Chapel by Dr. Alexander Fletcher on Tuesday, January 8th, 1856. And as vear rolls after year Each to other still more dear. —G<." Subsequent chapters oi the book include records of the "Early mil?eisms and slanders" to which' the pmacher, wnose dis-. courses attracted "statesmen, nobles, di; vines, great travellers," and "all classes ot the communitv" from the Prime Minister downwards was exposed. He was denounced as "vulgar and theatric; 1." lampooned as worthv to rank with "Tim Thumb, the Living" Skeleton, and othe- delusions, and described as "a ranting fellow and an empty told one leading minister of the Independent denomination, after bearing tins precocious vou lb, said that the exhibition was "an insult to God and mar.: Actually, i bear, the other Sunday, the gifted divine had the impudence, belorp preaching, to say. as there were many young ladies present. that' he was engaged—that his heart was another's, „he wished them clearly to understand that—that he might- have no presents sent him, no attentions paid him, no worsted slippers worked for him bj- the young ladies present. I suppose the dear divine has been rendered uncomfortable by the fondness of his female auditors. At any rate, such" is the impression he ,wishes to leave. Th<* o»ly inr.p>iession, however, he seems to have produced upon t"ie judicious few is one of intense teorrov and regret that such tilings .should be, and that such a man should draw." The statement was untruie, and the author of it had to acknowledge its falsity". Proof of the marvellous impression which Spurgeon • made oil the publie mind in quite the early days of his career was afforded by the fact that two sketches were published under the title of "The Slow Co ich and the'Fast Train," which represented a "High Church dignitary asleep on the box of a heavy cliariot drawn by a pair of horses labelled "Church and State," and "the young preacher very much awake and bestriding, a locomotive named 'The Spurgeon.' " Here is an anecdote told by the aforesaid young preacher, which indicates .that all that is said as to his vanity and self-esteem is not justified. "While he was preaching at theMusicHall, an unknown censor, of great .ability, jised to send me a weeldy list of my- mispronunciations and other slips of speech. He never signed his name, and that was my only cause' of complaint against him, for he.left me with a debt which I could not discharge. With genial temper, arid an -evident desire to benefit me, he marked down most relentlessly everything which he supposed me to have said incorrectly. Concerning some of his criticisms, he was himself iiy-error; but for the most part he was right, and Ins remarks enabled me to perceive many mistakes, and to avoid- them in the future. I looked for his weekly memoranda with much interest, and I trust I am all the better for them. If I repeated a sentence which 1 had used two of three Sundays before, he would write, "See the same expression in such-and-such a sermon," mentioning the number and page. He remarked, oh one occasion, that 1 too often quoted the line:— "Nothing in my hand I bring," and he added, "we are sufficiently informed of the vacuity of your.hand.'.' His own estimate of . himself is given in the following paragraph. "I am neither eloquent nor learned, but the Head of the Church has given me sympathy with the masses, love to the poor, and the means of winning the attention of the ignorant and'unenlightened. I never sought popularity, and I cannot tell how it is so many come to hear me; but shall I now change ? To please the polite, shall I leave ''the people," who so much require a simple and stilling style? I am, perhaps, "vulgar," and so on, but it is not intentional, save that I must and will make the people listen. My firm conviction is that we liave quite enough polite preachers, and that "the many" require a change. God has owned me to tlie most degraded and outcast; let others serve their class: these are mine, and to them I must keep.". Those who are acquainted with the history of Spurgeon's marvellous success, know that the Kew Park-street Chapel soon proved too small to accommodate the crowds which flocked to hear him, and that it had to be enlarged; that Exeter Hall was filled to overflowing when he preached, and that the immense concert hall, capable of holding 12,(EX) persons at the Surrey Gardens, was also crowded by eager listeners. Tlie awful tragedy at this latter building, when seven persons were crushed to death owing to the raising of some sensaess or malicious alarm. *iiieh caused a wild panic among the worshippers, had a most deplorable effect upon the preacher's nerves. His own "impressions of the occurrence" are thus given, "Of this dread calamity I was unaware tail, as T was led down faint from the pulpit, I heard a whisper of it. I know no more, for I lost almost all consciousness, and, amid the weeping and cries of many, I was carried by a private garden into the street, and taken home more dead than alive. There were seven corpses lying on the grass, and many have since told me how grievous was the sight. This I never saw; but what I had seen might have been sufficient to shatter my reason. It might well seem that the ministry which promised to be so largely influential was silenced for ever. There were persons who said so exuitingly; but they knew not- what they said. "I was taken awav to the house of a friend early the following morning, and as I was. assisted out of .the carriage at Croydon a working man caught sight of me, and' in a frightened fashion, stammered out, "Why, sir, it's Mr. Spurgeon. isn't it?" I answered, "Yes." "Then," he rejoined, "it must be his ghost, for last night I saw him carried out dead from the Surrey Gardens Music Hall." Mr. Ruskin, it is mentioned, was a frequent attendant at the Surrey'Music Hail, and when the young pastor was recovering from a serious illness in 1S58 Mr. Ruskin called to see him. Airs. S-purgeon thus relates the incident: — "My beloved was downstairs lor the first time that day, and was lying on the couch in the room I have indicated. How well I remember the intense love and devotion displayed by Mr. Ruskin. as he threw himself on "his knees by the dear patient's side, and embraced him with tender affection and tears. "My brother, my dear.brother." he said, "how grieved I am to see you thus!" His sorrow and sympathy were most touching and comforting. . He had brought with him two charming engraving:,—gems of artistic taste, which still adorn the walls of" one of the rooms at j "Westwcod"—and some bottles of wine of j a Tare vintage, which lie hoped would prove J a cordial to the sufferer's much-weakened I frame. My husband was greatly moved bv the Jove and consideration so graciously cxpresseri. mid he very often referred to it afterwards in grateful appreciation; especially when in later years there came a change of feeling on Mr. liuskin's part, and he stroijgiy repudiated smie of the theological opinions to which Mr. Spurgeon closely dung to the end of his life. Mr. Spuigcon himself gives this account of an experience in Tring. a Herefordshire town, which lie had visited with.Mr. Olncy. The minister refened to was Mr. William Skelton:—"If 1 remember, rightlv, the wo: thy man's stipend only amounted to about. 15s a wc-ck. lie had invited us to tea at his house; but while wc sat in his humble home my conscience rather smote me, because my good deacon and I were consuming some of his scanty store of provisions, and I began to think of some plan by ^-liich we could repay him for his kindness, I noticed that our friend was wearing an alpaca coat, which was very shiny," and in plates was so woni that I c-ould see through -jt. . ; . . . So at the close of the ser- .vice 1 said to the congregation, "Now, dear friends, 1 have preached to you as well as 1 could, and you know that our Saviour said t0 disciples 'Freely ye have received, freely give.' 1 -don't watit anything from vou for niyself: but the minister of this jc-hapel looks to-me as though lie would not jobiect to a new suit of clothes." I pointedat once nodded his Head to eonrm my statement); I will gladly give the same amount; and, if you will all help' as much as you can, our brother will soon have a new suit, and a good one too." Tlie collection '"taken up" was a fairly large one. Here is a story told which bears witness to Spurgeon's directness of appeal. "While preaching in the hall on one occasion T deliberately pointed lo a man in the midst of the crowd, and said, "There is a man sitting there who is a. shoemaker: he keeps his shop open .on Sundays; it was open last Sabbath morning; he took nincpenee, and there was fourpencc profit out of it; his son! is sold to Satan for fourpence." A city missionary, when going his rounds, met with this man, and seeing that he was reading one of my sermons, he asked the question, '"Do you know Mr. Spur; geon?" "Yes," replied the man, "*I have every reason to kpow him; I have been to hear him, and under his preaching, by happened took my seat in the middle of the place; Mr. Spurgeon looked at me as if he knew me. and in his 'sermon he pointed to me, and t :ld the c-.-ngregation that I was ^ shoemaker., and that 1 kept my shop open on Sundays; and I did, sir. I should not have minded that; and he also said that; 1 took ninepence the Sunday before, and that there was fourpence profit out of it. 1 did take, ninepence that day. and fourpence was just the profit; but how he should know tliat T could not tell." Much is said as to the vanity of the audiences addressed by Spurgeon, and this interesting account -of . one of his appearances on the Continent is extracted from his own diarv in 1860:-^"I preached in the Cathedral at Geneva; and 1 thought it. a great honour' to be allowed to stand in the pulpit oi John Calvin. I do not think half the people understood me; but they were very glad to see and join in heart with the worship ill which they could not join with the understanding. I did not feel very l,appv when I came out in full canouiials, hut tlie request was put to me in.such a beautiful-way that I could have v;orn the Pope's tiara, if by so- doing 1 could have preached tilt? gospel the more freely. They feald. 'Our dear brother comes to us from another country. Now, when an. ambassador comes .front another land, he has the right to wear his- own costume at Court; but, as a mark of great esteem,, lie sometimes condescends to the manners of the people he is visiting, and wears their Court dress.' 'Well,' I said, "yes, that I will, certainly, if you do not renuire it, but merely ask itas a token of my Christian love. I shall feel like running in a sack, but it will be your fault.' It was John Calvin's gown, and that reconciled me to it very much. I do love that man of God; suffering all his life long, enduring not only persecutions from without but a. complication of disorders from within, and yet serving bis Master with all his heart. I 'ask your prayers for the Church at Geneva." •The above are but fragments taken from this volume, which is'verv bulky, and contains a vast amount- of information among the experiences of the great Baptist preacher during ^seven of the most memorable years of his life. Allusion has already befen inade to the caricatures of ^.he "Slow Coach and the l'"ast Train," and this sketch, which is presented in common with many other illustrations, was capped by another, which is thus described in one newspaper ' notice:—"Railways were then rapidly superseding the stage-coaches, and one picture of The Slow Coach shows the splendid and formal equipage of Church and State, driven by a venerable and ponderous ecclesiastic, while on the opposite page is The Past Train, a locomotive "with the lithe Spurgeon as driver." An even more excellent caricature of the same order is the contrast of- "Tlie Old 'Conductor," and "The New Conductor'"— the former running an emnty omnibus to Westminster and St. Paul's, and announcing no reduction in the old fares: the other filled, with Spurgeon standing debonair on the platform, running to Surrey Gardens at "cheap fares." There is one patent injustice in the latter, however, which seems to show that the. artist was determined not to flatter' the successful preacher over-much; all the passengers are women, and all the bonneted figures who are liailine "the new conductor" are women. It is mentioned that over one hundred millions of Spurgeon's sermons have been issued, and that they are prized beyond measure bv an ever-increasing circle of readers'. "In truth, it can be said of the preacher'in a very special sense that "he being dead yet speaketh." ? 