HUSH REPARTEE AKD SARCASM. ('Daily Teleeranh.') Repartee, or readiness in smart, witty, sarcastic retort, in said to be the highest form of wit. These immediate and felici tous replies, these answerinir lliruvts in mental fencing, these illuminating flashes of quick and lively imaginations, arc common ainoug all cla*se* in Ireland. On old Car lisle Bridge, in Dublin, there was a fruit stall, the keeper of which, 'Biddy,' the Apple-woman, was a better-kiiowu figure than even the Lord Mayor. She had a ready and glib tongue, and never allowed a verbal assailant to retire with all the honours. An American visitor, thinking to take a 'rise' out of the old woman, took ui- one of the water melons she was t'iaplaying for sale, and said, 'These are small apples you grow ovor here. a In Anierica we nave them twice the size.' Biddy slowly removed her 'dudhceu,' or clay pipe from her lips, and coolly survey ing the joker from hend to heel, said, in a tone of pity, 'Yerra, tvhat a fool yez must be whiu yez take our gooseberries for apples.' John Philpot Cumin was noted for his powers of repartee aud sarcasm. One day Curran was walking past the Parliament Hviue in College Green, before the Bank of Ireland got nossesion of it, with u noble man, who had promoted tbc legislative union by his votes. '1 wonder what they intend to do with that useless building? ' said the nobleman. 'For iny part, I lute the sight of it.' 'I do not wonder at' that, my Lord,' returned Curran, who was an anti-Unionist. '1 never .vet heard of a murderer who was not afraid of a ghost.' Curran was defeated in a conversational contest with Lady Morgan, the Irish nove list, one evening in that lady's drawing room, when, exaggerating the prevailing fashion in short sleeves, she wore merely strain over her shoulders. Curran was walking away from the little party who witnessed the conflict of the two wits when Lady Morgan called out, *'Ali, conic buck Mr. Curvau, nud acknowledge tliat you arc fairly beaten.' 'At any rate,' said he, turning round, 'I lutve tliis consolation, Lady Morcau, that you can't laugh ut me in your sleeve.' A very happy example of .a man falling into 1 lie pit which be had dug for .'oim*- body elf-e is afforded by the following well known but always fresh story of a famous rejMirtee. John Paioon*. one uf tbe first Irish Coniuusnioners of Insolvency, was travelling in a coach with Lord Norbuiy, the Judge. Passing a gibbet, Xorbury said with a chuckle. '' Parsons, where would you be now if that gallows had its due?'' 'Riding alone, Xorbury,' was the quick reply. The nentnees and felicity of this retort affords unmitigated surprise and de light. Chief Dnron O'Grndy, subsequently the first 1-ord (iuillainore, nad a dry humour and biting wit. The latter wok ho fine that its sarcasm was often unpercvived by the object against whom it wns directed. A legal friend of his who was extremely studious, but in conversation fxaxiKrat mgly dull, showed the Judge over his newly built house. The lawyer prided him?elf es pecially on a library, which he bud con trived for his own use, so secluded from the vest of the building thai lie could ixtrc over his books in private quite secure from disturbance. 'This is capital,' exclaimed O'Gntdy. 'My dear fellow, you could read and study here from morning till ti'ght, mid no human being would lie one hit tin wiser/' This recall* the capital story told of the late Father Henly, of Bray. A very jwmpoiiK friend was showing Father Ilcaly aiid other guccls through his new house, 011 which he bud sjKiit a good deal in furnish ing and decorating. In tho library the host, waving hi* band towards the IkxiIc shelves, exclaimed, 'Here, surrounded by there lwst friends, I fed most happy.' 'Ami 1 notice,' said Father 1 Italy, 'ex amining some of the volumes,' 'thai, like a tuic friend, you never --ut them.' A committee was formed to errot n monument over the grave of a populnr Dublin pliyKunnit who died some years agu, and was buried at Mount- Jerome Ceme tery. A witty citizen who wns asked to suggest an inscription for the memorm! recommended the urn; of the famous aJlu skm Jo Sir Cliristoplicr Wren, the archi tect, in Si. 1'aul's Cathedra], London. 'Sj monument urn rpi|uiris cireiimspice.' 'If you seek bis monument, look around; if you doubt Ins merit, i-chold his works.*' Au Kngliali tourist, under the guidance of a iKMisant. was udmiring the scenery of the Galtre Mountains. Pointing to a gap in the hilly, ike guide said it was known locally as 'The Devil's Hit,' and a low hill hard by was called 'The Devil's Chair.'.' 'Indeed,' remarked the Englishman, 'tbc devil seems to have a good deal of property in these parte.' 'Yes, air.' rejoined tbe Irishman; 'but be is an absentee landlord, aud lives in Encland.' 