Religious Life. His to Lay Aside. A little tool .am I, just one within his hand, Just his to choose And his to use, Shaped out at his command. If he should lay me clown, perhaps I might be , sad, And wonder wh JC He put me by, And never more be glad. Yes, I would surely know, whatever I might do, However choose His tools to use, His love was strong and true. Just looking in. his face, although my heart might break, I. could but know He loved me so, There could be no' mistake. — Indian Witness. Eenelon says that he Where to sought God in the works seek God. of His hands — in creation — and tried to form an idea of Him from the beauties of nature ; butjhe said, ' I found Him not until I found Him seated upon the throne of my own heart, where He is never absent.' Madame Guyon tells us that she used to be very much troubled about prayer and. the presence and nearness of God ; sometimes He seemed distant, and she could not seem to get across to Him. Aud she Baid, ' God permitted a right eous man to make a visit after a long solitude, and my father, knowing the state of mind I was in, advised me to make my condition known, which I had no Booner done than he said : ' Madame, you seek from without what you have within. Accustom yourself to seek God in your heart, and you will find Him.' ' She said the words were like a flash of lightning, and helped her to discover in her heart what was already there, but she had not enjoyed it for want of knowing it. Any unbelief may shut Blind out God's presence, so far Unbelief. aB our happiness and use fulness are concerned ; and yet, if we have been born of Him, He is there — He is trying to make Himself known. Oh, how precious it is to know that He is in our heart ! ' Te are the temple of God.' Do we realize it that Jesus dwells in our heart3 — that He is ready to do all that He did, and greater works than He did, while here upon earth, because the Holy Ghost was not given? I could tell you of hundreds whom I have seen come to the Saviour directly in answer to prayer, as remark able and wonderful aB anything could be, because the Holy Ghost did the work. And how He yearns to do it ! He sees all those precious bouIb around us going to perdition ; He has died for them ; He has been in agony. for them ; He has wept tor them, and yet cannot reach them. Why ? At one time, while here on earth, Jesus could not do any mighty works because of unbelief. $'ow our unbelief is like that of the Pharisees, who not only would not enter the kingdom of God themselves, but hindered others from entering it. If we would believe God and take Him at His Word, we would not hinder others. — Times of Refreshing. ' Base all your actions Motives. uPon a Principle of right preserve your integrity of character, and in doing this — never reckon the cost.' It is the motive more than anything else which renders an action good or bad. Do we not find infinite pleasure and satis faction in performing a kind act for the welfare only of the person concerned ? Fidelity involves self-denial, and an act performed through self-denial gives to us true happiness, but do we not generally reckon the cost of our actions? If we stop and examine the motive which lies deep in our hearts for many of our deeds of kindness, we fiad often the act ie performed for the glory which may reflect on ue, or often it is for the praise and flattery which comes to our ears. Again it may be to show our influence, and in so doing bring another to humble himself or herself before us with a deep sense of obligation. We may appear generous to the world by giving largely, and feel a degree of pride at seeing our names heading various lists, but are we generous in the true sense of the word if self-denial is not used in the giving ? Christians and Cbristi Seeds of anity would do more to Kindness, honour Christ, if from their lives they would cast aside the small, petty motives, which they allow to creep into their actions, and do all from the pureBt motive — love of God and your fellow-beings. Every day we live we can honor Christ by some kind act — many there are we meet who need a stronger arm to lean upon. If we are strong, let us put out the arm for the weaker one to lean on, and let them feel — Support. Doubtless many a friend's way lies across a rough path, and they grow weary, discouraged, and sad, but words and acts of tenderness and kindness will make the path less rugged and thorny. Be kind from the goodness of your heart, and bring to yourself sweet peace ; to God, honour, and to your friend happiness. Tears may pass without affording any oppor tunity for acts of high beneficence, whereas not a day passes but gentleness may promote the happiness of others. There many faiths and creeds constantly arising, and more than ever do the followers of Christ require to make religion beautiful. Tne world asks what has it done for the Christian ? If we have been to the world cold, selfish, unsympathetic, acting from selfish motives only, can we wonder that they do not want our belief? But to be tender, gentle, performing acts of generosity and kindness from pure motives, to be above slander and pride, then our religion becomes beautiful and alluring. It brings many a homeless wanderer back to his mother's faith, and to the wavering mind it settles many doubts. ' Count that day lost whose low descending sun Views from its height no worthy action done.' There are some flowers The Bright which always turn toward Side. the sun. There was a little potted rose-bush in a sick room which I visited. It sat in the window. One day I noticed that the one rose on the bush was looking toward the light. I referred to it ; and the sick woman said that her daughter had turned the rose around several times toward the darkness of the room, but that each time the little flower had twisted itself back, until again its face was towards the light. It would not look into the darkness. The rose taught me a lesson — never to allow myself to look toward any gloom, but instantly turn from it. Not a moment should we permit our eyes to be inclined toward anything sinful. To yield to one moment's sinful act is to defile the sonl. The Bible says in its every verse, ' Turn from the wrong, the base, the low, the unworthy, to the right, the pure the noble, the God-like.' We should not allow even an unholy thought to stay a moment in our mind, but should turn from its very first suggestion, with face full toward Christ, the Holy One. But we should train ourselves to turn, also, from all shadows and discouragements. . There is always a bright side, and we should find it. Discouragement is full of danger. It weakens and hurts the life. — R«v. J. D. Miller, B.D. 