[?] 1L0MREPHTAM CHAPTER IY. ' Allow me to assist your memory in this particular case,' Musgrave said, sternly, his eyes fixed on the other's face, asiEto readhis inmost thoughts. 'Be- fore you left England, did you spend several months at a small seaside village called. Sunnybay, and with some people named Andrews 1' ' Snnnybay !' Cbarnborongn ecnoea, taking' tbe cigar from hia lips. 'By Jove! what years that takes me back! Yesj of course I did. And now I re member there was a little girl there Laura, or Lenore, or something— I re member I was awfully gone on her. It was a remarkably bad fit of calf love,' «Yoa blackguard!' Musgrave cried through his clenched teeth, his hand some face contorted with paasioa. 'You 'infernal lying cur ! how dare yon insult one whose purity and goodness are be yond all question ? You know you married her !'. .Ghacnborough raised his dark brows in calm surprise, though he had become v livid with rage and fear. ' Were you not my guest, Major,' he said, haughtily, 'I would make you answer for this ; as it is, I request you to leave at once. We may meet again, and then you will find I am one who nBither forgives nor forgets.' ' ' I am ready to meet you when and where ; you like,' Musgrave said, de liberately, 'and to administer the thrash ing which is the only punishment one i can offer to a scoundrel of your stamp. f And remember, I have every reason to believe that the marriage ceremony you went through with Lenore Price was and is as legal and binding as she believes it to be, and I shall use every means in my , power to prove that it iB so. No doubt you were bad enough in those days, but you were not destitute of honour, and, as you admit, had a bad fit of calf love, which, no doubt, was the only honest passion you ever had in your life.' i i . He turned on his heel and strode away, his hands clenched, his teeth set * it had required all his ' self- control to keep him from knooking Charnborsugh down. Only the fear that any scandal just then might do Lenore more harm than good had prevented him. As he walked blindly away,, her fair sweet face rose before hia mind's eye, and he cursed, 1 with his whole strength, the man who i had stamped such unutterable sadness 1 upon its frail beauty. Oharnborough watched him out of sight ; upon his dark sinister comten , ance was a murderous expression of fear and hate. _ ' After all these years,' he muttered to himself—' to1 think that, after all these years, the folly^of my youth should rise up- and ruin the ! Ruin !' He started, opening and shutting his long ' thin fingers. ' Ignominious ruin ! No no 5 it shall not be—it cannot be ; I have squeezed through many a tight place before now. My wits won t fail me when so much is at stake. Thank Heaven, Cameron comes to-day !' That same afternoon Glynn Mus grave 'alighted at Falborough station. ,i v it was July, and the sun poured fiercely down on the small asphalte platform ; in the distance, beyond the green corn fields, was a glimmer of deep- blue sea, across which was moving a ship with a white sail. o 'ri , Declining a seat in the Jittle omnibus s which plied to and from the station, he 4 passed through the gateway into tbe tree shaded road beyond. During all the long, hot journey he had been thinking and thinking, and all his thoughts had been. for Lenore Seward — how best to ^ spare he* pain, and how to guard her future. Prom the first— from the time rihe had told him the story in the little drawing-room of Woodbine Cottage, he had feared that the marriage, which she had never doubted, had been but a farce : he' thought, also, that Miss Barwell had found out the truth. He wanted to break it very gently to Lenore; he knew it would be a most terrible shook, but he was ready to shelter her for ever more with his love and his name. ' J His heart beat fast as he neared the cottage, and he stood for a moment^ by the gate, half hidden by the privet hedge, watching them as they sat in ithe ' garden ; the rose-covered wall as a black ground, the sunlight glinting on the tea tbings, whioh stood on the bamboo table covered with a pink and white clotb, and oVer wbich Lilith was presiding, while Lenore, resting in a wide wicker chair, read aloud. She had changed her heavy blaok gown for one of soft light grey, and Musgrave thought he had never seen her look fairer or sweeter. ' Now, mother, you aie to leave off reading,' Lilith said, in her loving, ixiasterl'pl way. 'Just look at these strawberries ! Aren't they immense ? And would you not like some ?' She held up one as she spoke, and in doing so her eyes fell upon Musgrave; she gave a little gasping cry, the color faded from her cheeks and then rushed back in brilliant blushes. ' Mothor, here is Major Musgrave ! Oh S you startled mo so, seeing you standing here.' ghe had gone forward with out , stretohed hands, a vision ol' girlish beauty I in her spotless white gown, her face ' glowing with delight at his return, i But bis gaze travelled quickly to the grey-robeil figure beyond, anxiously look I ! ing for a welcome in her eyas, lo hear l'- : her sweet, low voice again, to touch her j 1 fairy hands, were to him a pleasure be ! yond all words. It was Lilith who placed a chair for J him, Lilith who ran and got a cup and ' aaucer, and heaped his plate with straw berries and cieam, vthilo she noticed with a pang of tender pity, that he was look ing haggard, though in her sight as bantisomo as over . His brothor bad boon dangerously ill, he told them but was recovering fast now pn(j vtob going abroad for complete change. They sat chatting for a long ; while, till Mrs. Pratt came for the tea tray, her jolly round face beaming with smiles for Musgrave ; then Lilith de clared her Intention of running down to the village post office to see if tho papers had come in ; she bad been trying for a prize in one, and was in a terrible state of anxiety to know the result. ' At last ! ' Musgrave said, with a sigh of relief when she had gone. ' I was beginning to think I should have no chance of seeing you alone this evening, and I have some thing to tell you, Lenore.' He laid his own strong hand over hers, as if' to give her a little added strength. She understood the gesture meant that he had unpleasant news to tell and he felt a little shiver of dread run through her. Then in as few words as possible, he told her of his visit to Charnborough, and of the result of that visit, keeping back all that would unnecessarily pain her, but telling her the rest. ' So, dear love,' he ended with,. 'after all, you may be free — free to take my name for yourself and Lilith, and to let me love and care for you both ! ' ' You would do that 1 ' she ques tioned, with an indrawn breath that was half a sob, ' You mean that, believing all that he told you, you would still make me your wife ? ' ' My dear, honoured wife,' he said, his deep voice thrilling with love, his true eyes growing misty as they rested on her npturned face. ' Glynn,' she cried, softly, the . tears hanging on her long dark lashes, ' my dear one, my kind, kind friend, I am glad to have known you ; it does one good to know such men as you — brave and trne. Whatever my life may be in the future, the remembiance of this time will sweeten it. But we can never be anything nearer than friends, for, Glynn, that man is my husband ! In the little old desk I had at that time I have my marriage certificate carefully looked away. We were married at a registry office in Scoyborough, the nearest town to Sunny bay. There were two witnesses ; I did not know them. I had never seen them before. Just before we came away, the man married us gave me the certificate. I remember he smiled and patted my shoulder as he said, 'It is a valuable document ; take care of it.' I will show it to you now. Musgrave watched her enter the cot tage from whence she emerged a little later, with a paper in her hand which she gave to him. 'I will see Penn to-morrow,' he said at last, '-and consult him as to what you had better do. I will show him this. And if itjis, asiit seems to be, perfectly correct what do you wish to do ? ' ' Only that he shall acknowledge pub licly that he married me, and that Lilith is his daughter — that is all I want.' ?« You— you do not wish to live with him ? ' Her face fiuBhed crimson. ' I ? ' she she saicl. ' I live with a man who deserted me — whose only wish now is to cast me off ? Were I alone I would take no steps in the matter ; but for her sake—' ' It is better for both your sakes ' he said, gravely, ' that the whole thing should be made public. Oh! Lenore, my dear love,' he added yearningly, ' it all takes you very far away from me!' ?' Do not ! ' she cried, imploringly. ' I dare not think of what might have been, only of what is ; and I— I want to be brave.' She pressed her quivering lips to gether, and turned from him, though she longed beyoad all thiugs to rest her tired head on his breast, and to feel his protecting arms around her. ' You are the bravest woman I have ever known,' he declared. ' Lilith has often talked of the life you lived in Cur few Square, and I have inwardly raged while I listened i'd silence to the horrible description of your dreary, pleasreless ex istence—those long, awful monotonous years, through whioh you passed without complaint. Oh ! my poor love ! it makes my heart ache to think of it all ! ' His strong deep voice shook, he could trust himself to say no more, and, walk ing down to the little white gate, stood Staring, with unseeicg,eyesdownthesteep, shadowy lane, wbich, led to the beach. Only a few minutes before a girl had gone hastily down the narrow, stony path — a girl with a face as white as hor gown, her blue eyes dark and scared. She had come all rosy and smiling to the gate, bad put out her pretty brown hand to open it, her bright gaze turned toward two people standing amongst the roses ; they were engrossed with one another, and saw her not, and he was speaking — oh so earnestly ! On the tender even ing air his words were borne to her, and she had turned like some frightened wild thing, and had fled down to the seashore. There, beneath the shade of the cool, dark rocks, she had slipped to the ground panting a little, as if the swift sadden paia which had come to her bad taken ber breath away. ' The two I love best in all the world,' she said, softly. 'I shall be glad in their gladness ; it was only fast at first —it — it was a Bbook' — pressing her soaking little handkerchief over her month to keep back the sob which rose to her throat. ' What have I been thinking of all this time — ever since he came and sat in that dreadfnl dark draw ing-room, and I watohed his face in the firelight ? He hag been my ideal ever since ; he is my ideal now — and, oh ! I am thankful — thankful that mother will be happy at last.' There was a very earnest, noble ex pression on her sweet young face, as she slowly retraced her steps. Sho had fought a fiorco fight down there on the lonely shore, and had conquered all thought of self — all selfish longing and regret. A stranger in the cottage garden thought an angel had suddenly appeared as the gate swung noiselessly open and sho passed through. ' Here is Lilith !' Major Musgrave exclaimed, in a tone of relief. ' Where have you been, little ghost? We were getting quite anxious about you, and have been all over tho place looking for you.' l'To BE OoKTINUBD.l 