1 HOBSB K'tlJBY. It was a wet day, and the wife, standing ouc on the stoep,: cast a despairing glance round at. the dripping trees. . - "A wet: day makes-.- one /wretched." "Soh!" said A'be Flke. - '.'Well, you ain't, aljne in that, 'feeling, which: comes natural to drugon-iiies;,.. ana- .ircome .:.-to ' -UunK of i .win-nun is like a ciriigon-ily— all -gauze anu glister, and giddy vlAppiung' up "uri down." 'Thank you,' Mr. Bike!" ' Oh! it-vdon't.' matter, missy; but 1 when you've.: been; here;, long enough to. see the ytarth . open - its - moutns : everywhere, 'sif in thirst- lor - water, and the animiles, xvitl-. big hollows before their hip bones, standing- in the thin shade -of -the withered tvtes waiting. l'or a- drop o' rain — then, missy, yui will . think the tines t sight of all the driving mist and. the soaking y earth, and the grandest" rmisic the splash of raindrops. Yes; look Vat them, fowls - huddled'/ up under that . bush— with, ! . their V.shouldei-s /nunclied ail1, their , fqifthei-s'/ 'drobpfjng /'to curry the wet' off—: -without sqVmuch as ri cluck among the lot oV them. -'They're" miserable, right' down to -their cold, wet. "toes; but,- then, they're not;: what jer may pull . natural, arid tric-y've got a'itoueli of thevwinunln in thein same as the dragon-fiy.!' ; , "Thank you again; Mr. Pike!" . . "It's all right, missy; I'm jes driving along. Now you - take a boss. . That there ole rooi schimmel" (pointing to an iron grey), "you see he stands with his back to the"' rain, with liis-.'tail .tucked in, and a look" of.i cast- irun patience .in' his. f uce. -If it 'twere to rain for a month, and there were no stable-door open, be would take It standing . most of .the time, with a long-suff'rin'- patience. ; I reckon he's got some of the wimmlri In him.--, SeC?" "That Is a little better," she said. '' "Oh, yes! I been driving along. Now, cast your eye across yonder,' and' take note of the' cattle. They've got their heads to the rain-- feeding as. they! go— a mouthful one side— and a twist of the tongue round a sodden whisp of old grass on the other side. If you didn't turn 'cm hack, and it rained on end— ana ; there was land enough for them— they'd walk straight ahead ag'ln the rain till they come to the end o' things. That's .where they're like wimmin — which Is always fixed on a idea onct they catch fast hold. Now, take a dog?" "I hope you will not compare me with a dog?" ' . "You like a! dog! I bet you a watermelln to a pound of 'your husband's bacey that you'll find the whole passel o' dogs curled up In the kitchen: or, may, be, if the cook is nasty.in her temper, looking humbly In at 'the door and shivering through every inch, while every darned cat in the /place will be In the warmest cornel-. Well, wlmriien Is like both —if there's money in the stocking, and no work to do — she'll be mos' like a eat. . That's co!" "You are very rude!" "Wot, me! 'Taint rudeness, missy; it's just a plain sizing up o" the fitness o' things/and the general spread o' womaii-lllce nature in everything. There's more o' the woman this yer ole yearth, and in the animiles, an' the changes of the .wind; than; anything. I figgered-that out offen an' often in the stlencs o' the evening — which, by reason of the soft ness and. the dreaminess; is more womanlike than ail. You . see, 'missy, among wild critters It's the lie that looks arter the order of the - pack— which Is, so to speak, the family; but it's the she who looks after tlie feeding and the bring- ing-up of each member. It's the same with peoples. ' Man, he -jes bosses, aroun' making laws and .mendln' 'em over and over, for the good' of the hut lot; but it's ' the wimmin what 'takes one job on a .time, and puts' the shine' on the individual— so. far as he's got any shine. In this yer spread o' land and sky and sea it's the sun who bosses all, and lie's the . he In the arrangement — all else is wlmrriifl .kind. Do 'you catch on?" "No, not in the least; but I object to be likened to a cat." "Well, that's like a woman. She's made so she can see roun' a cornder but can't look a argyinlrit in the face, and 'cakes hole o' some pint in it that's got no more to do with the general bearing o' the argymlnt than' a croaking podder has; with tlie rain,; , that makes him pop his h'oad 'outer the mud and sing with Joy. Lawks!" ' - / 1 ' "Don't say 'lawks' at me, Mr. Pike, I don't like it!" , - - "And don't you Mister Pike me! 'Mister' Pike! with, a toss o' that, little nose, like a tom-tlt turning up Its beak at a hairy cater pillar. Ghosters!" "Well, indeed!" "Now, what are you. two children quarrel ling about?" I said, looking through the window. . ' " "Jes look!".sald: Abe, pointing his plpestem J- the Wife's face; "it jes reminds me o' the pink flash o' the hall-bell shining through a drop o" dew. Quar'llng. Who's "quar'ling! And the bright eye of her glowing like the eyes of a mother bird when she dares you to so much as -look at the treasures under „ her benting heart. Lord! we ain't quar'ling. Im jes setting out to tell' the little missy a yarn." Abe looked away, with an owl-liice expression of solemn blanlcness, and I could tell from the signs that ho was looking for a point of departure" for one of his true sto ries. Presently his eyes lit up, and a faint smile flickered about liis lips. He had found his object. -. . gum!" he said, with a chuckle;' "that 0:e horfle over yonder-he's the very spick: or a rool schimmel which were owned- by ine ar.d some o' the chaps. The part I owned vc-rc the hind off-leg." "A hind leg?" and she looked at lilm sus-: piciously. "Yes, missy; from the knee to the hoof, as clean a bit of bone— thinning down to the Thinness of a iady'3 apkle— as .regards the c- u nictry of it— with a .hoof that spread otit flat and black. A many a time I polished up that 'ere hoof with a blacking brush, anc it used to sliino like the coat of n black- L-ot tie by contrast with the near hind hoof, wl ich were owned by Si Amos, a man who l'aan't got enough pride to keep off tread- mg on the torn heel fringes of his trousers. Me and Si, we put Into tho capital of that One Hoss Company a turkey gobbler— and a sack of mealies apiece. Bob Whittle own ed the bodv of the nnimlle — being, so to. tspc ck t>" :.-by reason of a load of sneeze- wcocl t -;es he paid up: and Long Jim, he had a claim to the head, ncclc and fore-legs, owing to a quarter-load' of oat-hay, which was his share. ' We bought that hoss to run for the Farmers' Plate — he having a gift of speed mor'n ordinary." "And did he win?" "He were juinped, missy — lifted, yanked away by a conspiracy. You see, no sootier were he bought than each one of tho com pany wanted to keep his part of the a'nimile in his own stable, and we nearly jawed the bind leg offen lilm settlln' that point. Well, after a time Bob he jes climb up. 'You ecme down,' says Jim. 'Down bo blow- e-1' This horse's back belongs to me.' That was so. of course; and there he sot and carried oil the argymlnt — more vigor ous by reason that he could look down on us— till we gave in, anil allowed him to have first stabling. Jim wouldn't let go o' the rein- seeing as the head belonged to him— and he Jes lead the hoss -to Bob's stable — where lie bitched him up in the best corner. 'Now/ he said, 'you jes give tlie hoss a warm bran masli!' 'Bran mash be jiggered!" said Bob, climbing down: 'I ain't going to fill my inside with that stuff; what I'm going to fill it with is good oats.' 'Alus thought you were a don key,' said Jim, 'and now I know it.' Things were shaping for a quarrel, and I thought it Were time to chip In. " You forget/ sez I, "tliar the best part of this animlle b'longs to me, and that being so, I vote that he be slvon a bran mash at once, and some oatB later on.- They saw the sense of that observation, those two; but Si Amos, being- naturally weak in bis bead, blew himself out. 'And what about tne?' he sez. turning up his nose, which wore 9 covered with freckles. 'It seems to me/ he I sez, 'that my share In this noble steed'— lie I alus were high fulutin' in his language— 'my | share is of some conselcence, and if there :s I to be nriy ruling-, I would like to pass the re- I mark that what would do him good Is less talk I onr' .uoro common sense running to brandy, H VT ,-h I understand is a good liquor to tram | a race-hoss. I therefore move on behalf of my near lilnd leg/ lie sez, 'that Mr, "Whittle do now, and forthwith, go and fetch one bot tle; o' brandy at his own expense.' That end ed the proceedings of the first board meeting. Mr. Whittle being a teetotal person, and his thoughts running to water, he jes pitched a whole bucketful' over Si . Amos, -and In the further proceedings, that hoss let out arid lammed hl3 heel ag'iii a post. Next morning he were a trifle lame. That were Sunday; and we jest sat aroun' studying his points, and putting in a spell o' curry-combing, each man to Ills special part o' the. animile. Then we washed him down and I guess the hos3 were cleaned up— .all 'cept. his near liind leg, which b'longed to SI — who jes sat around with a queer smile Durin' the week the spell of working grew . hotter, and the more it grew the more ole Jeans— who owned the next best ho3S— came aroun' nosing, and the more Si— he smiled.- .Then - late In the week Bob— he begin to lougli to hissclf and to hop around "offering , advice, and ole Jeans he grew longer In the face, and offered to "stand sam". if we'd cry off . all -bets. See! Well, of course we j03t" piled on; me- and Jim, and his friends and , Bob's friends. Well, jes about that time ; I catched on to a jolce; arid I begin "to '.notice; that. Bob and SI were kind o' .-uneasy With tlieir advice, and that Jim were grown res tive. Soon'srI seed there -jvere some. chance- o' tlie pot billn'! over and hurting someone. Ole. Man Jeans lie sez to nie," sez he, 'Abe, that there., liind leg o' yours -ain't "any use. to- you; I'll give you- a couple o', golden, guineas lor , it/ 'sez lie; 'and don't yriu "say anything' to the other boys,: You see/ , sez he; 'I want: to have a Interest in the boss, to cover the loss I'rn bbund to suffer/ ' 'Make It ' ' t'eri pounds/ . sez I. Well, he: made It five, and he'bound me to keep on grooming and. feed-, in' that/ animile so's the other shareholders .wouldn't suspect. Yea, missy, /that's ; :-what' Ole Man Jeans did. And we kept and. fed - and groomed his horse for- a whole month — bust him!" "His horse? ' I, thought — Oh, I see; , he .bought all the shares fup."- - "That's/what lie .did; arid you never seed such a crowd as we were when he thanked us after the race. The h'oss never ran, arid . we lost all the money he paid us.. It'fl a cold , world, mlssr." ' " 