W-LE0ES SHAM^SURIAIi i A SeiiBdtioiiaV:-Story—Tlie Pifth Duke of: Portland—Cbfiflicti% .T^jm^nyr-Owner of a rBlffhsaife vniilfvin -AliHfr.rfllin. [From our Special Corti&fli;>oiident.] i» liUKIJOJS,'March II; i,-1 Buried or hot burred? " That is the question to be/decidedly an examination of- the coffin:, supposed':;.to Contain Libe mortal remains :df .Thomas rJjJbarles Druce, ; of Baker-street and. ftendon. who osten . sibly departed', this ,-life' oh December 24, 1864\. The ordet for the opening of the frate; which is" in. Highgate Cemetery, has een obtained by'Mrs. Annq Maria Druce, and the auJihori$.v granting it is Dr. Tris tram, Chancellor .- of the Diocese of London, sitting at St, Paul's Cathedral as , a Consistory* Court. The 'applicant is the widow of T. CLDruce's son, and the alle gation is that the shell deposited in the vault at the cemetery in question as the receptacle of. the body of T. C. Druce "himself enclosed no corpse at, ail;'also that the reported death and burial were a .delusion and a. sham. The chief reason fon the theory thus advanced is that Mr. Druce. sen., was seen by many persons long after 1864; that-he was attended by a doctor who "can swear to his identity, and that the real date of his demise was, loiig subsequent- to that entered in the records. The testimony adduced satisfied the Court that there was a case for ett quiiy, the Chancellor being especially im ; pressed by the fact that the first certifi cate of death did.not bear, the signature of a medical man., Of cpurqe the peculiar circumstances of the case " have given rise to much curiosity and conjecture, and ingenious persons are enshrouding the affair in mystery of the most pronounced character. It is said that— "Thomas Charles Druce,. besides being the owner of a large trading estate, which Mrs. Druce will now contend should belong to her son as his legal jheir, was also a kind of Jekyll and Hyde, in the sense that he had two personalities. He was, says Mrs. Druce, not only Mr. Druce of the Baker- stireet Bazaar, but also the owner of a famous English dukedom. Mrs. Druce will, if the secret of the grave reveal the evidence she expects, claim that her son is the real heir to that dukedom, which was inherited some years ago by a relative of the dying Duke in the supposed absence of any son of that Duke. Needless to say," the present holder of the dukedom has no suspicion that his title is disputed." [Our readers will recollect that after the date of this letter it was announced that- the estate concerned was that of tlitf Duke "of Portland.—Ed.] LONDON, March 18. Last week I referred briefly to the extra ordinary circumstances connected with an application made by Mrs. Anna Druce to the Consistory Court presided over by Dr» Tristram, Chancel]or of London, for a faculty authorizing the exhumation of a coffin, which when placed in a vault in the Highgate Cemetery was erroneously alleged to contain the mortal remains' of one Thomas Charles Druce. The allegation was that no such remains were interred, but lhat in the coffin had been placed a quan tity of lead, the truth being that Druce lived for many years after liis supposed death, and was in fact a disguised noble man. As incidentally supporting the view that the coffin contained no corpse it was asserted that lead had actually been stripped from the roof of Druce's house just before the funeral, and thati when some years afterwards another interment took place in the vault the new coffin, when placed on top of the one previously de posited, caused the latter ho collapse, thus proving that it was practically empty. This, on the face of it, is very much of a cock-and- bull story, and, so far as the latter part of it is concerned, it has been challenged by those in charge of the High gate Cemetery, not only on account of its inherent improbability, hut also because of itw being contrary to fact. That the ! statement did not .impress the -.Chancellor is. pjjetty certain, but be was struck by the circumstance that T. G. Druce's certificate of /-deatifi .was; not signed by a, medical man, and on that ground he ^gfcanted/the application,: After, the newspapers'- lu|4 ~fir§t reported the ;,msttter; the .public7'in*. terest in: it grew -and ;grew,* and -undey ijhie stimulus ofthe.publicity given morrr^ ,ing,noon, and night- to additional' detail of /the; most astounding character it" reached an abhost /inconceivable height. Everybody has, b^h/ talkihg -fUpiit ;thp; affair, and •. as pebple* in -general Jbve a mystery ahoite ail >.things'djhei^"hht: been a strong disinclhiatioh . .tp look the yfacts squarely in the faeC,/leit*tliis particular enig pia should - be cleared up betoi e • eVeii it had run the traditional nine days'* course. ' . .. . As before, explained, although* only in * the jnost concise and cursory way, the contention of Mrs. 'Anna Druce is that ; -Mr, T.' C. Druce, who was the father of | her deceased husband; led a dual if hot a ] still more/complex life. As Druce lie was j proprietor of Baker-street .Bazaar, and resident at Hojcombe House, Mill Hill, Hendon, and it is alleged that for reasons of his own he nominally gave up the ghost on December. 28, 1864, having, as the cer tificate—unsigned as aforesaid—describes it, fallen a victim to "abscesses, gan grene, and exhaustion"—a trinity of ail ments quite Sufficient, Tit must be con fessed, to cause death/ What is abso lutely known is that he left a will con cerning which the following details have been published:—Probate was granted on February 10, 1865, of the will, which bears date November 28, 1860, with a codicil made on November 14, 1864,: of Mr. Thomas Charles Drjuce, of 58, Fincliley road, and of the firm of Druce & Co., of the Baker-strept Bazaar,^ No. 68, -Baker street, upholsterer, who died on" December 28, 1864 (leaving personal estate under £70,600 in value), to the executors, his widow, Mrs. Annie Druce, of Holeombe House, Mill Hill, and Charles Smith, of 1, Craven-place, Kentish Town, and Alex ander Young, the well-known»accountant, of Tokenhouse-yaid. Mr: Druce appointed also as an executor of his will John Hone, jun.,' of Charles-street, Middlesex Hospi tal, fringe manufacturer; and he be queathed to Mr. Smith, Air. Young, and Mr. Hone, for the executorship, £100 each, and to All1; Alexander Young, as chief acting executor, £200 a year during the continuance of the trust. The testa tor ordered that his body should be buried in Highgate Cemetery, and that his funeral expenses should not exceed £20, and he bequeathed to his wjfe £200 to be paid forthwith, and £300 more within three months, and , his furniture _ and household effects, horses and carriages, and the income during her widowhood of the income derived from his leasehold estate,- or in the event of her remarriage £200 a year for the remainder of her life. By the codicil Air. Druce bequeathed £1,000 in trust for his son George, the child of his first marriage, who was be lieved to be in Australia. He left all the residue of his property in trust in equal shares for the six children of his second marriage, his sons Herbert, Sydney Charles, Walter Thomas,and Louis Albert, and his daughters Florence and Bertha, and he desired that his sons Herbert and Sydney should be in due course admitted as partners in the business which he car ried on in partnership with William Ed ney, and that hie sons, whilst-employed in the business, should be paid £150 a year each until twenty-one years of. age, £650 a year until twenty-four years of age, and thereafter, until admitted- as partners, £1,000 a year each. This seems straightforward enough in all Conscience. That the executors named were real persons is unquestionable, for one it is known paid the debt of nature in due course; the other, Air. Alexander Young, survives, and has through Messrs. Fairfifcld, solicitors, J entered a caveat against tlic opening of the vault in High igate. - Whether that will have any effedt remains.to be seen. V Meanwhile I transfer from "Lloyd's Newspaper" a statement given to .a reporter of that paper by Mi's. Anna Druce; which .reveals her whole case. ,pf. course," in what.ishe is.dbing'she is act ing in 'the; interests of that son who, as her narrative shows, is now in your part ofvthe woyld:—"The marriage,".she says, "r'whicli took - place" Vm "October. 30, 1851,.at New Windsor, Berkshire, between mylate husband s -father and mother, and in j which their naihes are recorded as Thomas Charles Drjice and' Annie MflJb spinster, was in Reality between - the Marquis of Titehfield, afterwards the fifth Duke of Portland, and the. illegitimate daughter of the fifth Earl of Bii-keley, These two had lived: together for many years, and the cir cumstances which led to their intimacy and to the subsequent double life of iny husband's father are of a most remarkable character, and .also serve to throw a very strong light upon "what have ahvays been, regarded as the extraordinary eccentrici ties of the fifth Duke: The latter and his brother—Lord George Bentinek—were both in love with the same woman, but while the younger's suit received the: ap probation of their father, tlrtPIatter not only discouraged the desire of his eldest soil, but treated him with insult, and re ferred, in very gross terms, to ;the skin disease from which he suffered. On Sep tember 21, 1848, . Lord George was found dead near Welbeck Abbey, it was stated from a spasm- of the heart. From that time my husband's father suffered the keenest remorse and the most abject fear. Nearly always in a state of terror, lie took various courses for his pro tection, and, adopting the name of Thomas Charles Druce, transferred ■ to j himself, as Druce, immense property from himself as Duke of Portland. You know quite, ivell the manner in which he "under mined Wellbeek Abbey with subterranean apartments; he did precisely the same thing with the Baker-street Bazaar, his desire in each case being that he might have always ready a place of refuge. But realizing the risk of exposure to which he. was subjecting himself by his double existence, lie determined1 to end his life as Druce, and for. that purpose caused a coffin to be buried. with his sup posed remain's.. 1 had long had my sus picions, but when,on my husband's death, a man named Vassal' came to me, and mentioned that lie had been engaged in removing some lead from a roof about the time "of the supposed burial, they were converted into certainty. If any further proof were needed that no body was in terred, it is supplied by the fact that it was subsequently discovered, nn the burial of my husband's mother,, that the coffin supposed to contain his father's re mains had entirely collapsed, for the simple reason that the weight of the coffin containing my husband's body had caused it to do so, through there being nothing inside to sustain it. Even after this, however, the fifth Duke's fears were not quieted, and at last lie determined t;o assume madness. Taking the name, of J farmer, and conducting himself in the most extravagant mafincr, lie caused .him self to be placed under the care of Dr. Forbes Window, and succeeded in .en tirely convincing that gentleman of "his madness, but: after about a year of incarceration he was then permitted to leave. As to why my husband's father and mother did not .marry -- for so long if is impossible to say accurately; but probably the -desire to conceal Die had a facts surrounding the lady's birth h great deal to do with it, the circumstances in her case being also of an extraordinary character. The iifth Earl of Berkeley mar vied,, his wife—a Miss Cole—in 178a; and then, many years later, had to go through the same ceremony again, for the House of fiords, in 1811. declared the tirst union illegal, my husband's mother being born before that date. 1 myself was a Miss But ler, and mv father being agent for Lord Pembroke, the latter acted for a time as mv guardian. It was through going to the .same school as my husband's sister' that 1 thst met; him. As to the opening of the grave, 1 have to-day received a letter from llic ( emetery Company saying that they will not ojieii it without my son's written authority. As he is in Australia farming lie was at one time a sailor—there must be a delay, but f do not despair in the least. It is on his behalf that J mean to win. If you conid see him you would ace at once 'the extraordinary likeness lie hears to seve ral members of the Bentinek family, and also to the portrait produced in Court of 'Thomas Charles Druce.' I may add— though it is not a pleasant thing io say that my youngest, daughter suffers, though in of course a lesser degree, from the same skin disease which affected her grandfather. I have been offered £00,000 for my claim, but, have refused it. Every obstacle has been put in my way, and only the other day, at Highgate Police Court, two men, perfect strangers to me, attempted to give me in charge; the Inspector, however, dc* eliiied to listen to them. But I nin abso lutely confident of success, and, now the case lias at last, come before the public, have no doubt as to its ultimate result." I'hat a person who called himself Dr. 11 ar mor actually "lived at Bichmond for many years after 1804; that he was thought to he a homoeopathic doctor: thai, twenty years ago very ■much against the wish of his wife, witn whom lie was living, he was placed in Sussex House Lunatic Asylum under the j charge of Dr. Forbes Winslow; that lie re- j mained there for a twelvemonth, and was then discharged "not cured, hut improved" is indisputable, for Dr. Forbes Winslow testifies to these facts. A still more asto nishing feature in the case is that when the doctor was shown a portrait of T. C. Druce he staled that to the best of his belief if was a likeness of flic man he had known as Dr. tlanner. As for the eccentricity of the lii'tli Duke of Portland, that is a matter of history. On that point a Not tingham correspondent of the "Daily News" has a good deal to say which is of interest, per sc:—"He was never," says this writer, "seen all Court and never mingled in society. Even his solicitors were never allowed an interview with him. If is personal attire was most extra ordinary. He habitually wore a hat ap proaching 2 ft. in height, which rested on a long old-fashioned-wig; he never stirred out wet or fine, without a quaint old .umbrella, and, no matter how hot the Weather "might be, a loose coat was always slung over his arm. Most curious of all, whether the ground was dry or nmddy, he invariably had his trousers tied round a. few inches from the bottom with a piece of common string, in precisely the same fashion as a navvy at his work. He tamed some of the deer in the Park of Welbeck Abbey, and fed them on biscuits and linns. He was fond of children, and was 1*11 the habit of throwing band fills of silver ho them as he drove through the villages on his estate. He had a special carriage built, closed in from observation and hung round with heavy curtains, which was drawn by six small ponies and driven by lads, a veritable Jilliputian turn out. Being fond of music he had his domestic servants taught , that they might play lo him. His great hobby, however, was building.For years as many as 500 masons ivei'C; employed at WelbecJc, with smiths, jpiners,;and such like besides tlie ordinary estate staff. Tiioy werg.kept busyjn the construction of tlie vast r tunneling which surrounds Welbeck, , The museum, libra ries, &c.; and all plans and'models of build ings \vefe prepared by ; himself. Having a gertuine love for art ne* made a fine col lection-of paintings, and. one day, with his ovvto "bands and a small boy as his only attendant, he made, a huge bonfire of several"thousand, poundB worth of pic tures 'which-h^ did not deem good enough for his gallery. He wasmdst simple in his diet, never talcing butchers' meat, but having one chicken killed for him each morning, and eating half at tone meal and half at another, these two being his only meals." The writer of a published article concerning him a little while before his death made use of the following words, to which special interest is lent at the present juncturei—'His Grace has never been married, nor, to the best of living belief, has he at any time beeri smitten by woman's charms. Headers of works of fiction who are apt to attribute the career of a bachelor to blasted affections, disap pointments in early love, aild ail the rig marole which' form the pabulum of the fashionable novelist, may feel disappointed at this commonplace, solution of their pet theory^ but it is nevertheless a fact.'" ' Tlie whole record is an exceedingly en tertaining one. 1 might easily extend it by giving the will of Mrs. Anna Druce's husband, who died on November 19, 1880, 1 aged twenty-eight, leaving personal estate sworn under £1,500 to his widow, the in stigator of the proceedings'under notice, and the will of Mrs. Annie Druce, re puted widow of Thomas Charles Druce, who died on April 24, 1893, aged sixty-five years, .leaving personalty to the value of £6,558 lGs. 8(1., which was divided amongst her children, Herbert, Florence Maria, and Bertha Marion, a legacy being also left to her daughter-in-law, Hannah Druce, and to a nurse; but it is hardly necessary to go further into particulars. One significant circumstance'is that if the gentleman to whom such protean peculiarities are attri buted by Mrs. Anna Druce was severity years of age when he died hi 1864 as Thomas Charles Druce, it is difiicult to understand liow he could be the fifth Duke of^Portland, who expired on December 6, 1879, aged seventy-nine, or Dr. Ilannet, who was sixty-three years old when his spirit quitted its mortal tenement at Rich mond on dune 10, 1892. Jt is further poin ted out thnt the assertions as to the exca vations in Baker-street. will not hear ex amination, and that the elder Mrs. Druce when she died must, if the statements con cerning her pedigree are true, have been certainly over 100 years old. There are further to he reckoned with the awk ward facts set forth in this statement pub lished in the Press as perfectly authentic:— "Much annoyance has been caused to Mrs. Harmer, the widow of a physician formerly in large pi notice a t Richmond, by the state ment or .suggestion that Tbonias Charles Druce was in fact Dr. Harmer, and placed himself as a lunatic under the care of Dr. Winslow twenty years ago. As a matter of fact Dr. Harmer was under the care of Dr. Winslow in 1882 (not twenty years ago), and lie died at tlie age of sixty- three years in 1892, when Thomas Charles Druce would have been ninety-nine years of age. There is, it is asserted on her behalf, not the slightest foundation whatever for tlie statement that Thomas Charles Druce arid her husbaifd were the same person, or had anything in any way to do with each other." Mrs. Druce's answer to the posers about the discrepancies in the ages of the three persons who are supposed to have been one are, first, that T. C. Druce was certainly not seventy years of age when he renounced that particular name, and that there probably were two Dr. Harmers. She also deprecates bringing (he Duke on the boards at present, as much has to he done before that stage of the case is reached. However, il is evident that (lie whole case is breaking down under cross-examination. Assuredly if (he young man Sydney George Druce is doing fairly well in Australia, lie will he very ill-advised in coining home to join in his mother's wild-goose chase after an enormous fortune. LONDON, April 7. A brave effort is being made to keep alive the " mystery" which Mrs. AnnieDruco would fain lead tho Law Courts and the public to behove surrounds her lato father-in-law, Thomas Charles Druce. The nhiof assistants of the good lady are newspapers which doliglit in hair-raising and blood-curdling revelations. The case has lately been drifting into a very prosaic stage. The Consistory Court, in com pliauce with the request of the surviving executor of Druoe deceased, has stayed all pro ceedingslh cSunection with the opening of the dead man's tomb until the whole question of the propriety of that step has been elaborately argued out, and Mrs. Druce herself has baa to explain the circumstances under which she had acoepted relief from the parish.' The . latest "Lloyd's Weekly" has, however, ele vated the proceedings once more to a sensa tional level by placing on record the testimony of a nurse who attended "Dr. Harmer,"the alleged reincarnated T. <3; Druoe, while he was the inmate of a . lunatic asylum. This witness deolares that the patient, besides other peculiarities of manner and dress, wore "a very tall high hat,' which he . seldom took off, and had a (peat objection to the light of day, constantly insisting that in the pavilion in the grounds . whioh ho occupied the blinds should be drawn doWn in the daylight and gas or candles lighted." Moreover he was perpetually "endeavouring to tie up various things with bits of strincr, and suffered very much from what in an ordinary person would be called "fits of remorse and terror, clearly having something on his mind; and frequently pointing to tho ground would say "It's there! It'sdown there!' But whenever he was asked what he meant he would affect not to hear and commence to shout."''' These statements presumably aro thought to connect the madman with a person habituated to shop work on the one hand, and an exceedingly eccentric noblemen like tho fifth Duke of Portland' on the other. Among tho other depositions printed are those of a gentleman named Paino, an intimate friend of Druco, who mentioned that tho departed Baker-street i Bazaar proprietor, who wore a very tall hat and a very long coat, was wont to have terrible scenes with a lady who went by the name of Barkeley, and that ho persisted, oven at tho sacrifice of custom, in retiring into his private "room when any royal personages or members of tho nobility entered his business premises. Then there is the evidence of a Mr. Norman, who maintains that a Mrs. Pledger became insane because of the shocks caUBed her by seeing Druoe long aftor he was supposed to be defunct, and of a letter received by Mrs. Druoe from a reputable correspondent, who avers that tho mysterv-inan was alive in 186(5, and pur chased a farm at Now Windsor, Berks, which happens to be the place where Thomas Charles Druce and Miss May were married. Tho newspaper which gives to the public these thrilling details thon proceeds to relate particulars of the case of a wealthy and eccentric gentleman named Hall, who died in Acton-lane in 1858, whose coffin was opened in 1890 by order of the Home Secretary, at the instance of interested relatives, who deemed themselves defrauded, and was found to contain certain documents and portraits necessary to the establishment of their claims, as well as various heirlooms in tho shape of family jewels. This soarch in tho charnel house was, it appears, instituted in consequence of disclosures made on liiB deathbed by an old manservant to the 'effect that he had placed these valuable deposits in the coflin aftor in had been screwed down, in conformity with an oath which lie had sworn to his master when that master was in extremis. The body, it may be added, was found to bo in an almost perfect statu of preservation, having been "changod to adipocero or grave wax." Although Mr- Hall had been clean shavon before he died his beard had grown so as to roach his knees, and the toe and finger nails were found to be half an inch longer. Being thus far embarked upon tho gruesome line of business, let tne mention that a " mys terious corpse" has been recently dug up by men engaged in making excavations for tho foundations of a now railway station at Windsor. The remains wero evidently those of a man of some note, for they wero onclosed in a triple coffin, which had apparently been interred beneath an ancient inn, called tho Spread lOagle, hotter known as tho "Split jack," which was demolished some fifty years ago. Some cruel wag in tho "Daily News" suggested that tho dear departed might be Edward VI. Tho bait was freely taken, and then tho paper cruelly produced irrefragable evidence that that young monarch's remains lie in Westminster Abbey. 