THE LIGHT THAT OAST NO SHADOW. Cations stories ate told about the powers JiosseBsed by oat tain natives of India, who ive up amoug the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scares of years to the study of natural laws and forces,, which the rest of the world know nothi g about. Lately a German professor visited the " adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for tho purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances They treated him rather 6curvily, but interested him all tbe same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept The place was darb as the bottom of a well. " I can t eea to read here,' eaid the visitor. " Then we will have Borne IighV' was the reply, and immediately (the professors says) a soft pearly light Brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, bat he noticed that it had one strange quality-& cast not the slightest shadow. This is a Biory bard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doabt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly tuoB parallel witb one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at th3 acoount of the Lisbon earth* quake, yet credited the tale of the Oook Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, ii sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine whioh they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience? Take an example: " In the Bpriug of 1888,'' writeB our cor respondent, "I fell Into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At fi'Bt my stomach was de* ranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I bad pain and weight at my cheBt. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up » sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered irom nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I beard of Mother Seigel'8 Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few bottles 1 found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me Although I had no reason at first to feel any confilenca in this medicine, never haviug ua d it or Been it need, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel'B Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of Bufforing humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths tailor and outfitter, 161, Hock ley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There ia a dtjni of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about t ie light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be veri fied without more trouble than it is worth* Ou the other band we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystio or magical about Mother Seigol'a Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease-indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throwB tbe light of health ;and happiness over hearthB and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is wby people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 