TIIF LIGiHT THAT OA)SIT NO SHIIAIOW. Curious stories are told about the powers lossessel by certain atives of India, who live up among the H]inmlaya nountains. These old men, it is sahld, have devoted scores of years to tie study of natural laws and foxices, whichl the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a fernnall professor visitedl the "adept," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purlsoe of linding out the secret of their remarkable lrfoilnanc?s. They treated lhim rather scurvily, bht ilnterectal him all the same, Ooh day the lprofessor wanted to examinO aOll llnlielnt Sanskrit manuscriipts. All adeplt swent with him to a eare wherein the books were kept. The lace was asdaLrk ns tilhe bottom of a well. "I can't see to rersl, here," said the visitor. " Thlet we will have some light," was thi reply, and illinetliately Ithe professor says) Smsoft, lparly light hrigitened the case, lie couli not tell whenlo it rcaie, but he nhtliietl it lhadl one stranlg quality-if cast not the slightest slladoi. This story is manl to believe, yet its Irult is nliinnd by a mani of vast learning aind high clharacter, and you who now read It lave lno reason for doubt 'except that all the lights ;!tol have seen have cnstlihaillows, Iklict or unl,rlief co olllll y rul s l rallel with ones ow'l experience. Dr. Johlion airillted t the aecotillt of the Lisbon earllh. quiake, yet crelited the tale of the U?lck l.noe ghost. A ainll whio hin ltlen ill for yeasr, alnd failed to lind I cure, is seeptical lienl frienldls tell him of a imelieine which Lhey bielieve will makei him well. What else blit doubt e?oltd result from his experincol 'Take an example: "Iin tlhe spling of ISSi," writes our cor. reslollldelit, " fell into a low, weak nti laniguidi state, I felt low.slirilel aild out of sorts. At first, my stomach was dlerangul, uiy appetite 1or, and after eat. ing I had pain and weight at the chest.; I was ntich troubled witl winld, and Lfreql. eatly sloat uip a sour fllld, antd also bitter bile. Later on 1 suTeredt frm nervousness auld great dopression of spirlts. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of disoomfort, Off and on I continued lit this 'tay for two years, nothinig that I took roltingmte. At last I iheard of Mother Seigel's Syrul,, alnd procumrl a suply-, After I had taken ouly a few dolet I foulnd relieof; my food digeste, anil grduy ally all nervouisness left Sme. Although I had lno reason at first to feel anlly contilence in this mnedicine, never having used it or seoen it used, I nqw gladly duiit its value, nill its power over disease. Since myn r?overy, for 'hlcli 1 thalk lMother Sigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the Ibet of healtllllad spirits. In tile interests of suffering lhumanity I deemt it a luty to send you this testilmony. (Signiel) 1). irillithis, ltailor anid outlftter, 151, Hockley Hill, lirmingham, ui, s 8th 18?.' ." T''ell? Is a deal of dilfercure leltweell ~i triffllth's candid letter and the story alousit the light that cast no shadow. The latter nmay b1 t1iu0 enough, hiut it rcanliot he veri fiel without iore tlrouble than i ini worth. On the other hanl we haIe a trnutworthy witiess, who will anwiSer litters of inquiry, anld canl be fouind at his addlrti s. Finally, there is nothing imystic or liiogi. cal aboult lather Scigll' Syrtlli. It acts on the theory that most aibnlit iia irehtll vsip. tuons, formis ior phraseiii of that uni'cral disease-illltigtllonil audI lp lll ii ; it clr.ts hatt, aiwl lhro's a the ,light ofI health AnitdU happii 1 over heallh iandl hionuln wherei illiii~ es aii cin hid II ilsch dark antiI trTlifying hado\,. .\ll that is why pt vt li? l ilt1 i t f it, sneess 