THE NEW LORD CHAMBERLAIN. A Telepathic Communication. " LondOD, 7th September. "The Earl of Hopetoun, formerlv Governor of V- toria, bse beeD appointed to the office ol Lord ChemberlaiD, vacant by tbe death ol the late Earl of Lathe m."—Cable. QI;K special medium, Mahatma, and telepathic reporter had a difficult task entrusted to him last week when Australia received the news of Lord Hopctoun's promotion to the position of Lord Chamberlain. " Bring the Lord Chamberlain and the Spirit of Australia together and let us have the result in a column or so." Those were the editorial instruction, arid our medium set about the task at once. The .Spirit of Australia was found to be rather youthful and perky. He said his name was Jim, and he vas dressed like a stockman, and carried a small ghost of a stock-whip. After calling him up from the mighty deep, or the tingled bush, or wherever the Spirit of Australia locates himself when he happens to be at home, our own spook explained the situation, and he put a girdle round the world in ten seconds, and presently the Spirit of Australia was closeted with Lord Hopetoun's inner self in the bedroom of a sumptuous London house. "Congratulate you, Hopetoun, old man," said Australia Australia sat jauntily on a table, twinging his diminutive boots, and looking quite at home. " Thanks awfully," said the Earl's spook, with some diffidence. How are you all out there ?" " Same's as ever, old chap—spiflin'!" " You, eh, do not appear to have grown much.' " Eh ? Oh 110, suppose not. Give a man time." "Certainly. And you areasself-confidentasever?" " Am I, though ? Well, I dunno. People are always getting on to a feller 'bout that sort of thing. Say I'm impudent, an' that I blow a good deal. Makes me sick. But you was all right, Hope}— 1 rather liked you, don't you know." ' Thanks. The sentiment is reciprocated. I lil.el you immensely."' "Good biz. That's why I came along to look you up over this appointment, an' offer congratulations an' all that. If it'd been anybody else, wouldn't have cared a hang, but felt called upon seein' it's you." '' Thank you again, very much; can I offer you—' " Liquor ? No, thanks—ofi' it. They've been accusing me of drunkenness out there, Bishops and others, so I've got to be careful. Now, about this Lord Chamberlain business—how do you like it so far as y< u ve gone ?" "1 'shall like it very well, I'm sure. It is a move up. : " Of course it is, my boy. I knew I'd pull you through all right." " Excuse ma—yen would pull me through ?" " Cert—set you up, make a man of you, start you along, don't you know, boost you up the bloomin' ladder of lame." " Oh, yes, of course, but I hardly—that i6 it is not quite—in other words I am not equal to the intellectual pressure of the conversation, as Gilbert says." " Simple enough, Early, my boy. I polished you, trimmed you, fitted you." "Fitted me?" " Hang it all—trained you for this event." "Oh, indeed." "To-be- sure. Did the same for my friend, Baron Bob Carrington, you know." " Did you, really ?" " Course I did. He came to Australia green to diplomacy and the customs of Court and all that. I trained" him, and got him fit in no time. He made a rippin' good Lord Chamberlain." "I think I understand you now, and perhaps vou are quite right." " Right ? My colonial! Ain't I always right ? You'll make a first-rate Lord Chamberlain, too. I reckon I made rather a good job of you." "I am sure I hope you have, and I know you Knocked me into shape. I was a bit fresh when I went out there to do the Vice-regal business, and I thought once or twice at first that I was the square peg in the round hole, but you helped me through wonderfully, and I had a good time after all." " You bet, Hopey—that's so; and you'll come out ahead at this new game. You learned confidence in yourself down under." " I did ; and I would be glad if my next move was to the Antipodes. You do not happen to be wanting that Governor- General just yet, do you?" "Not just yet, I'm sorry to say. When I do, will be glad to give you a look in, old man. Say, what are your duties in your new billet ?" " They are not very onerous. I act as a sort of glorified Master of Ceremonies at Her Majesty's receptions and at other Royal functions, and have a finger in the matter of many social fixtures." " Man's got to wear a Windsor uniform with dignity, and bow with a certain amount of grace, I suppose?" " Well, yes, those are necessary accomplishments." "Hum ! the screw's good, considering. - ' '' Very fair. And then there are literary duties attached to the office—the supervision of new plays, and all that sort of thing." " la that so ? I'm afraid I neglected your train- 'ng in that respect. Sorry I did not think of it. But Bob Carrington managed, and I gave him no editorial training. The oversight was mine, but on't you fret, you'll come out all right." "On, do not apologise. I am sure I shall do credit t) your schooling." "I'm betting on that. Anytime you feel the d ities telling on your constitution, take a run r und to our parts and we'll brace you up." " Much obliged I will always look to Australia s a recruiting ground." " And the direct route to the Lord-Chamberlainship, eh ?" " Well, the longest way round—you know the proverb ?" " Yes. When I go back I think I'll hang out a sign—' Noblemen prepared for the Position of Lord Chamberlain.'" " Do. And now " " Now I must skip back home. So-long, Lord Chamberlain." " Good-bye. Remember me to your people." The spirits then parted with mutual affection. 