Irish Itt'iuutvu ami Sm CUSIII, (Iioiitlon 'Daily 'J'ologrnpli.') Hopnilco, nr rcuilimiPH In smart, willy, unrcnHliu rclorl, is miiil In bu tlio Itlglioat form of nit. TIidio initnodintu nml Micitotis ii'|ilii'f, Ihcsu nnswurln^ (lininlf in niMilnl fonoiiifj, tlicvo illumi nating IIiihIioi of i|tiii3k nml lively iiimginnlinrin, uro cniiiinoii nmniifr, nil clnuBca In Irolnnd. On old Cnrlialu Dritlgu, in . Dublin, tliero wns a fruit ?tall, Ilia keeper of which ' llidtly, tho npplo Bomnn,' wna n bettor known ilguro limn oven tlio r,orcl Mnyor. Shu had a rcruly nnd glib longuo, nnd novor allawoda vorlinl nsanilant to rotiro with nil tho honors. An Amoricnn visitor, thinking to tnko n ' rino ' out of tho old woman, took up ono of tho wntor moloiia nho was dinpltiying for snle, nnd aald, ' Thoso nro unmll npplos you grow orer lieru. In Amoricn wo Imvo thorn twico tlio size.' Uiddy slowly romovotl her 'iliiilhoon,' or clay pipe, from hor lips, nnd oooly surroying tho joker from bund lo heel, naiil, in n torn of pity, ' Yorrn, whnt a fool ye?, must he whin yez tnko our gooseberries for npplos.' John Philpot Cttrrnn wns noted for his powers of ropurlco nnd Biircnani. Ono day Currnn wnn wnlking pnat Ilio Fnrliiunont Homo, in Collugo Green, boforo tho Hunk of Irolnud Rot poa Boasion o£ it, with a nnblcinnu, who had jmnnotcil tho legidlntivo union by his votca. ' I wonder what they in tond to do with tho useless building P' said tho noblotnan. ' For iny part, ] halo the Bight of it.' ' 1 do not wonder nt that, my lord,' returned Currati. who naa an ntiti. Unionist, 'f never yot heard of ft murdoror who wna not afraid o£ a ghost.' Curran wns do fsated in a convurnalionnl contoBt with Lady Morgan, tho Irish novelist, ono oveuing in tho lady's drnwingroom, when, oxaggnrnting tho provniling fashion in short Blceres, sho wuro moroly straps oyor tho shoulders. Currati wns walking away from tho little party who witnessed tlio conllict of tho two wits, when Lndy Blorgan called out, 'Ah, eomo back, 5tr Curran, and acknowledge that you aro fairly beaton.' ' At any rato,' said ho, turn ing round, 'Iliavo this consolation, Lady Morgan, that you can't laugh nt me in your sleevo.' The omndanni or half wittcd follows who oro to bo mot with occasionally in Ireland — but not io commonly now nn formotly — ato noted for their bittor and larcastio layings, A fool known m ' Jim tho Omadaivn,' wns somo yean ago a well-known charactor in Kilkco, tho ionsido renort in Claro. 'Now, Jim,' said nn upstart to him ono day, 'toll mythebiggoat Ho you ovor told, and I'll treat you to a pint of ?tout,' ' BomoBowl, thin, cried Jim, ' I Bay yor honor's a perfect gontlo man,' ' ?' A vory hnppy exnmplo of a man falling into tho pit which ho had dutf for nomobody elao is afforded by Iho following woll-known but nitvuys fresh story of n fntnoui ropartco. .Tolm Parsons, ouo of tho first Irish Com missionora of Insolvency, was travel ling in a conch with Lord Norbury, tho judge, Passing a gibbet, Xorbury aaid with a chuckle, ' 1'araona, whore would you bo now if that gallows had ita duo ? ' ' Hiding alono, Norbury,' was Iho quick roply. Tho neatness nnd felicity of this retort nffordi) unmitig ated iurprino and delight. Chief Baron O'Ormly, subsct|uontly tho first Lord Guillamoro, had n dry humor nnd biting wit, Th» latter was so fine that ils sarcasm was often un percoived by tho object ngainst whom it wa« directed, A logal friend of his who wns oxtromoly atudious, but in conversation oxaiporatingly dull, showed tho judgo ovor tho nowly-built house Tho lawyor pridod himself es pecially on a library which ho had contrived for hit own' uso, so secluded from the rcit of tho building that ho could poro oTor hit books in private quito secure from disturbance. 'This is capital,' oiclalmed O'Qrndy. ' My doar fellow, you could rend and study horo from morning till night, and 'no humnnboingwould boono bit tho wiser.' This recalls tlio capital story told of tho late Father Hoaloy, of Bray. A ?very pompous friend wai showing Fattier Hoatoy and otlior guostn through his now house, on which ho bad speclri good doal, in furnishing and decorating. In tho libnry tho host, waving hit hand towardi tho book shelves, exdaimod, ' Horo, BUrrounded by tlioso host frlonds, I fool most happy.' ' And I notico,' snld Pathor Hoaly, ezamlning somo of tho Tolumos, ' that,lilce a true friond, you nevor cut them,1 A committoe- was' formod to oroct n monument over tho gravo of n popu lar Dublin physician who died somo years ' ngoj' nnd was buriod nt llount Joromo Comotery, ? A witty citizen who was asked to suggost ?n inBcription i for ? tho' memorial recommended tbo ubo of tliu famous ?llusion to Sir Christopher Wron, tho «rohitoct,i in St. Paul's Cathedrnl, London', '81 monumontum roquirii circumspico,' 'If you, nook Ins monu ment, look around ; if you doubt his Merit, behold his works.' An Kuglinh tourist, u ml or the guid niu'o of a ])cnvant, was ndiniring Iho wienory of Iho Galluo Miiuutains. Pointing to a gap in tho Mils, tho guide raid it wns known locally n» 'Tho Devil,' and a low hill hard by was called ' The Devil's Chair.' ' In dood,' remarked tho KiigliHtininu, ' the devil ucorna to have a good deal of properly in thoao parts.' ' Yes, air,' rejoined tho irishman i ' but ho is an absentoo landlord, und livon in ling land.1 