A A MIDSHIPMAN'S ROMANCE. BY W. CLAEK RUSSELL. Author of "The Wreck of the Grosrcnor," "lie Golden Hope," 'The Death Ship." "The Frozen Pirate, "An Ocean Tragedy," "A Sea Queen," "My Danish Sweetheart," "Tie <£?od Ship Mohock,-' "Alone on a Wide, TTiite. Wide ^Vide Sea, J 1he Tale of the Ten." &c.; CHAPTER X—THE GBEAT SEA SERPENT. Tt -was a fine night, and the moon shone brightly, and I do not think there was air enough to run even an instant's shiver into that mightv mirror of ocean. Wordsworth says:—"The moon doth with delight look round her wheu the heavens are bare." And by this I presume he means that in \-- the silver showemg of the satellite, which fiiie the blue ether with silver mist, the stars- faint out. The moon this nij&t; wafe a& 'Glorious as any that the poet ever beheld; but certainly the heavens were not bare. The sfcaUB were many, and those that •were dear of the mist of the moonshine were ridiant; some of them crown gems of the heavens. You glanced oS the yardaims and seemed , to see the diamond, and the emerald, and the ruby, all flashing perfectly, and you thought of a hymn of praise •up there in those marvellous heights. And clear of tile moon, too, the meteor sailed . -, in-state, a thread of light. I love the dying lights of those delicate beautiful fireflies of the summer skies. They flash into a smoke of sparks, and sear the soft deais with a sailing-line of throbbing M . lustre. The breathless" breast'of the deep sparkles back their larger leapinto life, and ; . Tfaaye seen anieteorlight up the moonless T '-""sea to tie cecesses of the horizon. \- • X came on deck at 'eight bells, and observed these things, and much-more, for our ship was a picture of beauty, and sat ' nationless in her • raiment of moonlight, shadows were startlingly -vivid upon the ":. wiate planks^ They were the things themseives. In the squares of the pictured ratlines' upon the deckyou could have painted imagfeaticms as in frames, though now and again frame -ywwld have, swung away from jrcur sketch; for the sea has a trick of holding her breath for. a space,' then "heaving* .a sigh which comes in a. gentle fold, th«i sails swing in. and out with a pleasant jwise of rain, a moment's life is in . the ship,, and then "die sleeps .again with " \- the sea. The awn ling .was furjed, and the poop ftoni the break swept 'with the whiteness of the firesiily peeled almond in the mooo- " shine to thrt 'VheeL' Most of the passengers were on. This wais a night to fall in • love with. He deep rich -sentiment of the . . sea would itf »und under so fair a jpoon, ' and omfer savcii ripe and shaking atars. You •would listen lor the voices of . the deep; for the sounds which sweep from spirit lips through the t,».ances of the calm; .you would . look for the ittghis of the sea; the mystic : lamp which b nrnsai .the yar^arm, within • whose green and sickly zone, of deen the \- startled marimir has been known-to catch a sight of a pa*te unearthly:":faee. . Mudi ta this > way did . my thoughts run whiftt I stood at- the head' of the poop lad- . der, tnroing a alow eye npon the sea and overthe people wjKm the poop. I did not ; see Belle,' not did' I hear her. Ijwasto be on deck from 8 tiK midnight, which is tailed the first watch, ami I wondered if T should have an opportunity to enjoy a sweet, secret conversation with the pet of my for a glass o4 grog, ; had strolled aft, as hie habit was when the skipper left deck. • The glory, of the iradoo Jay in a "great stroke'of light npon the sea, and whilst I was admiring this beautiful picture pf the ocean, full of slum- " ber and wie peace which passes all understanding—for lie like of it is not to, be felt \- ashore,' bo, notin the stillest night, and in the deepest-heart of country—! suddenly noticed a btackehadow moving across the breathless wake of the luminary. I thought • at first it was a boat: but it contixuied to measose the span of that bed of splendid light, and as no boat could have done anyfliiing of the sMt, I was greasy staMled, aid stained amain. For could it be-— A loud voice rang through the Slip from the forecastle.. ^ThereV something a-swrniming across thfc light of the moon m the water." ' Then in a breaih you beaod all. sorts of cries. \- • \ . . Z \ "'Good gracious! I see itr' i . . • • "What on earth can it be, captain? •"'••V "Oh. C&pfain; ueppef, quick with that binocnUrSass, if you please." • The whoie poopful came to . the jail close • beside where S was- standing. : _ - "I luxe lived to see it at last; said Mr. ' CiK. •" "What-is it?" asked the hot-tempered Mr. Johnkffl. "What is it?" cried Cox .with contempt. "Shall X call it a moving bog? What is it, \- but the greatsea-serpent." The black leigth of it'was stemming -out of the wake oflW moon, and .when, it was dear of the icy edge of tie stroke of glory in the sea, it was as visible as before, and we traced it in its lehgtti of ,dye upon the ashen , surface. ,.' , „ ., "It shows a head as big as a cask, ssaad \- - JJr. Pinch, who was worfing away -through " a tkescope. "l am now gcHDg to believe in the sea-aeipent." , •"That's 110 sea-serpent, said Air. Gormg, contemptuoudyi '"You'll find, it is a line of trees in the grip of a. current, and what Mr. Pindi takes to be a. head is nothing but a trunk." . ' > \- ^ Nobody landed at this joke., He was an . unseasonable little man, al ways thrusting in without regard to tune, tame, or keeping, and he was irritating, because he very often • said what was true. - "What .are you all looking at? here i - burst in Mrs. Trevor. s« v ^ « the -great sea snake, the wonder of the •world!" cried Captain Eepper. < "Where—where? Point—point, that I • mav see'iti!" she squealed. '"Is it.approaeh- ~ ing 'the ship, captain t Are we in danger ?" "I believe'-Mr. Goring is right. There wfll.be no need, Mr. . Pinch, ta log it," said Captain BoWBer. *' Ave" strained our eyes,,but the shadowy " bbiect was fast dissolving in the darimess -j. tiat deepened upon the sea the further the ••-Tvater swept away from the column of moonlight Old Bowser, afraid perhaps, of Mrs. Trevor, went aft. Pinch and the rest , stood storing and arguing. . "Do you mean to tell me, said the mate, ""that any surface current which does not pause a ripple" in the surface there, is going to carry, teat thing out of sight at that rate if it were dead trees?" - • ""Yes,',' -said Mr. Goring, with an aggravating simper which the moon fully ex- ::: posed. "A three-knot current would do "You'd see the streak of the stream in the reflection of the moon. Didn't you hear the man tell you that?" exclaimed Mrs. Trevor. "I've lived eighty-five years without a sea-serpent, and I'm not to be imposed on now/ and she screeched a few notes of laughter, faid shook her head at UE. Pinch crossed the deck, -and now Belle came out of the cabin, and- seeing a crowd approached uk 1 told her what wc had seen, and what -rce were still trying to see, and she slipped her hand into mine, and laughed at me., "You may believe in ghosts, but not in the (sea-serpent, Walter, said she.'. "-Everybody on deck saw it. It was a Song black line with a head like a cask; it rapidly crossed the light of the ihoon, and ivas therefore in motion, Belle." • , "No, no," said she, laughing, "do not believe in such things, or in the mermaid. Meanwhile a. group of passengers hard by were arguing hotly bn the same subject. •"took down there," sa : d I to Belle, pointing ova-the side. "What is the depth -of the water here? Something beyond imagination. If the grave keeps its secrets, ' don't you think that the ocean does? There is a life at '.he bottom of the sea, which never will be discovered by man, creatures as frightful and huge as the monsters which are conjectorod into terrifying pictures of nature in jpre- Adamite times by "naturalists out of a single mammoth bone. I am not going to say that what we saw ivas the sea- \- serpent; but, depend upon it, something answering to what landsmen consider a myth has had and stall has being.' and I hope the day may come when the land-lubbers, gazing at the mightv skin which should measure the altitude of St. Paul's Cathedral, will confess, no matter how reluctantly. Belle, that the sailors aren't such blooming liars after all." "Snakes big or little are not good enoijgh to talk- about,". said Belle. "What a heavenly night. >,e are not moving. I expect our voyage will be a long one.' I noticed while she spoke she constantly sent .her gaze in the direction of Captarn BoVser, who was walking a little space of the >poop alone. Her face was as fail- as \- ivory, in the moon.; so clear was the light, I could mark each play of .expression in her mouth,, and her eyes, "each with a diamond of moonlight in their violet depths, spoke to me, -and caressed .me, and looked love. Sever .deeper is the magic of a woman's eyes than in moonlight. •"Mr. Longmore," called Mr. Pinch from the other side of the deck. I instantly went to him, but Belle accom- , panied'me, and before he couid speak she exclaimed, ""I know what you want; you desire to break up our happy little conversation -on a beautfful night. It is ridiculous, ilr. Pinch, that the Officers of a ship should not enjoy the .privileges of passengers. What <i0 yOU want him for? There is nothing to do, there is no need to turn the yards or brace "them about,,as you call it. ahere ie up air." 'T wish there was," said Mr. Pinch, in a v voice of lazy astonishment, surveying her as. though at a loss. "It is Mr. Lorigmore's watch on deck. How is the duty of a 6liip to be earned on if young ladies accompany those "who are called, and prohibit them 1 from receiving instructions?'' *'What instructions can you give on bo ,' heavenly a night?" she cried. i '"I presume such trifling matters as the ' side lights and the binnacle lamps are of no importance," said the mate, folding h:s arms; whilst I. inwardly shaking with laughter, dreaded some violent and dangerous expression of my mirth every minute." "You should save your oil when you have Buch a lovely moon to light you by," said Belle. "And now," she added, very coolly, "you must realiv dispense with Mr. Iiongmore's services for a time, as we are going aft to converse with the captain whilst he is alone. Come along, Waltjer." She held me by the hand. Hie start I gave could not have escaped 3klr. Pinch. "What do von want to say to the captain, Belle?" I asked. It must be settled, and it, shall be settled," . she answered in a tone of decision. "It is too bad, Mr. Pinch, knowing as yon do that Walter and I are engaged to be married, and will be married after our arival in Sydney, that you never should lose an opportunity to intrude upon our conversation when he is keeping his watch on deck." "If that's what you're going to growl about to the captain, Miss fctuart, answered the mate, with a surly laugh, "I shall be glad to hear what his answer is." "All this is very irregular. Belle—really, my dearest," I ntufctered, for T could see that Finch "was beginning to lose his temper. He did not like me to stand by and hear iss Stuart talking to him with a frankness he would not understand; on the other hand, she was a passraiger, and he must be ivil, and very 'careful m the management of his courtesies, not to her only, but to them alL because' it was not a tradition, it I was a fact, that a . single complaint lodged against a mate - by a passenger sufficed to ruin him professionally. "Come along, Waiter, -' said. Belle. "Go with her, sir*" exclaimed the mate. We were* <Jn the side of ihe_ deck which was. occupied by the captain. It was sacred ground to such as L Sailors will appreciate the feelings with which I advanced along those moon-whitened planks, hand in hand, with -Belle.. She bad . a very :Q-ing ; spirit, however, aiid only laughed and Wd "Come on, dear," when I begged her *to Cell me what she was going to. say to the captain. He had seen us talking 'to the mate, and he -perceived us ing, but feigned-to observe the sea.. His _ thand grasped tie vang thati steadied the spanker-gaff, and nobody was within earshot save the man at^the wheel. -''Captain Bowser," said Belle. He pretended to start, -and answered quickly— "What is it, Miss Stuart? Why have you come aft here, sir?" "Yon are alone, but you seldom are," said Belle. "It is almost impossible to get a word with you, what with -Mrs. Trevor and the Others." "Yes, that is all right," answered Captain Bowser, "but what does the third mate want-aft bere?" "He is my companion, and something more, and I have asked, him to escort - me aft," exclaimed Belle, drawing herself erect. "Yon do know by. this time that Mr. Longmore and I .are engaged to be married." "Well, but that must not interfere with the third mate's duties and the ship's discipline,'' answered the-captain. "It -will not, sir," T said warmly. "You are not here to speak but to listeu;" said BeUe. _ "I want you, Captain Bowse-,. to recognise our . engagement, so that the rest of the passengers, may be made to understand it; and then If it should happen that I am talking to Mr. Longmore in his watch on deck, Mr. Pinch may think proper not . to intrude by needless calls and orders, invented merely to separate us." p ' I could see that the captain had a hard job to keep bis face, and would have "ted but had he been alone with her. 'oaniU please consider,. Miss Stuart," said he, "thai .as regards my sanctioning your engagement, as you put it, you were consigned to me'for safe keeping, and it's my duty to deliver you" (and now he began to smile) "to the consignee in goo'd order, full weight, and Bo fortb. L It's not for me to sanction, your engagement. Stop till you arrive at Sydnev, and introduce the gentleman to Mrs. Ruey."" \- "Your sanction is necessary," said Belle, laying ier haSid upon his arm, with a. most irresistible gesture, "because if it is understood 'that you know Ve are going to be married, we shall not be interfered with lb Sir. Longmore's watch on deck; unless, of course, something urgent- calls him to help aloft or dsewhere." •: "Hie captain. suddenly turned upon me, who «tood like a- tall fool in the most absurd position the dear girl could have placed me in. • "Were 'you engaged to this young lady before you came on board?" he asked, not choosing to remember anything I might have 'told him or he might have heard from Belle. "No, sir." "You have fallen in love and proposed to her since you have been in this ship?" "We -were playmates as littie children," I exclaimed". "Now, Walter," said Belle. "I have exactly told Captain Bowser all about the apparition in the pond, and how you knew me from the likeness of my phantom. But he has no more sentiment-even on such a heavenly night as tiiis! Captain Botvser, you have no more sentimeaj. than a turtle/ -''My. business is not sentiment, but to see vou safe'-in-the. hands of your aunt; and I wish , you were there," said the captain, with whom this conversation was beginning to disagree.' In fact; Belle's sweetness was generating acidity in him. I felt that enough had been said. "I ..think-it is very likely," said Belle, that Mr.-Longmore will leave lie ship at Sydney." "Oh, indeed!" said Captain Bowser, dully staring through the moonlight at the sea. . . . "Therefore," she continued, "what is the good of his working and t keeping watch during the ferw weeks which remain? I do not' 'think this ship, or any ship, requires a third mate.' A first d second are quite enough. If the seconds are all like Mr. Curling they would be too much. You have but to. say tjhe word, Captain Bowser," said she, axfopting a sweet,. caressing voice, v 'and Mr. Longmore becomes a passenger." "Yes, it would be very nice, wouldn't it?'' res-ponded Bowser, with forecastle sarcasm. We don't do business in that sort of way in deep water, "Miss Stuart. Passengers pay. Sailors are paid, and must work " he was proceeding. .She interrupted him scornfully. Sailors are paid!" she cried. He gets a pound a month—twelve pounds a' year. I wish the owner of this ship could be forced to live/upon it." "Pray, Miss Stuart," said Bowser, swelling hi -waistcoat and speaking sternly, "What is the object of this conversation? What do you want?" "I.want you.to sanction our engagement," she.answered. "It is no business of mine," he exclaimed, frowning at me> '"My duty is to hand you in safety to your aunt." . "I want you to release this gentleman from his work," said Bdie. "He's certain to leave the snip at Sydney, and it would be tyrannical to keep' him at hard labour after you know that he intends to give up the sea." "Is that your intention, sir? -Bowser asked me. , No young sailor, who was an officer, too. was 'ever placed in a more ludicrous, bewil dering situation than this. The master of a ship is an Autocrat; you must not approach the deck he walls on. His powers are enormous, and he can lead you the life of a devil in a worse hell even than Satan's, if he once starts* to "ride you down." as they call it. My. instincts "were essentially dutiful. I quite understood the difference -between a captain and a third mate, aud wondered that he should continue the conversation. Perhaps he was more good-natured than I imagined. Yet Jjelle in her free discourse with the skipper >might easily fill the rest o£ the voyage with serious difficulties for me. Nor could i clearly understand her object in taking Bowser into her confi dejice; but I must stand by her, let the issue be what it might. "If you will give me my discharge, sir, 1 shall leave tlie ship," I said in reply to his question. "I don't think you will then," said he., with a short troubled laugh that betokened mischief, "iou can go forward, sir. And I must really ask you, Miss Stuart, not to interfere with the officers of this ship whilst they are executing their duty their watch on deck." It was a direct order to me, and off I went. Had I faltered he could have clapped me in irons for insubordination. But in any case further conversation would have been impossible; the passengers had grown weaiy over arguing about the sea- eerpent, and were spreading about the &eek;, and Mrs. Trevor and one or two others were making for the captain, when I crossed to the poll side and went along to the head of the poop ladder. It was still as bright as daylight. The motionless atmosphere was showering with light, and a wide piece of ocean was a bed of sparkling splendour. Young Boyton seeing me standing alone came along. It was a surprising contrast of effects to see his figure faint with silver and his shadow moving with him like liquid cbonv. He wanted to talk with me about the &ea-serpent; and -I should have been glad to discuss the subject with him, for here was a midshipman making his first oyage, and before he had. crossed the Line he" had seen the sea-serpent. This experience alone was worth more than the premium his father had .paid. But I was in no moodtto talk with him. The little beggar's eyes glistened brightly and yearningly, but finding me silent, he joined the other midshipmen on the quarter-deck, saw Belle standing alone near one of d the starboard quarter boats. The passengers.were gathered about the captain, and Yk two " or three mooned aimlessly about the 0 decks. me spirit of the night seemed to sws lie like a benediction upon these people, and even Mrs. Trevor's voice was subdued. At long intervals jou would hear the noise O cf some pinion of canvas languidly stirring rFda high aloft; it would fall to the deck in a note of a sigh, and a sob of water would answer it alongside. All was glory, beauty, freshness, and the presence of God. t A l'ttle while before the bell summoned the passengers to their grog and biscuit-, Belle came walking slowly forward. I earncstlv hoped that she did not mean to come round the skylight and join me. Pinch was on the starboard side of the deck, leaning against the rail with his amis folded, and staring straight up into the sky as though he saw something falling. Belle f stopped when she was at his side, and began to talk to him. I could not catch a . word. Sometimes a rumble of good-natured laughter broke in from the mate. Then I heard him say, "Oh, yes; oh, yes. I don't think the captain would very much object, but mind you, don't let him catch you, or youll plunge that sweetheart of "yours into a mess." Presently nearly everybody went down to get some refreshment and drink, amongst theiu ihe captain. Belle stayed. Mr. Pinch walked right aft, and occupied the captain's post of honour. The moment old Bowser vanished Belle came gliding dose to my side. "Mr. Pinch' will not pay any heed to U6 talking,, Walter," said she. "1 heard him say so," I answered. "He is rather better natured than the captain," die said. "This proves what perseverance may do. Could you have believed that Mr. Pinch would give us leave to talk in your watch, on deck? ' "It is wonderful," said I, smiling at her fair, sweet face, and thinking of the phantom countenance I had seen crowning the visionary- figure of the fountain pedestal, and I also thought to myself this charming girl scarcely knows that her perseverance may <?nd in causing the captain to break me, and_ send me to live forward. ' The instant the captain appears," said she. "I shall fly down this ladder." "What made vou take me to him, Belle?" "I want him to make you a passenger." _ . "It is impossible. I doubt if he would," I answered, "eren if I paid—but I can't pay, and so there's an end." "I thought you said that the powers of the captain of a ship were enormous, and absolute." r "So they are." "Well, let him make you a passenger, then." "Ay, but he won't, you see, BeUe; and remember that he is answerable to his owners." "Oh, don't let us think of his owners,", she exclaimed. . "J am. determined to try, at ali events, to make a cuddy passenger of you.. Why should you go on living'in a wretched den downstairs? • I am certain that the captain is to be persuaded into allowing you to live in the saloon." I shook my head gloomily, for naturally the brighter* the picture, the gloomier wculd be the shake Imade at it. "We' oould then be always together," die continued; and nothing prevented me from kissing her then but the presence of three young midshipmen, who were watching us at a littie distance. "We could sit side by side at table. How fast 'and pleasantly the days would pass. I should not want them to "end too soon," die exclaimed, smiling at me. "No more degrading watches on deck, or watches Mow, and dragging sails up on poles, and binding them with pieces of cord into umbrellas. You must not forget, Wi'-lter, that you.have given up the sea." "I must find a berth in Sydney," said I. '•Don/t trouble about that," she exclaimed. "1 love you very much, Belle; too innCh to. wed you to poverty. The sea is my career, and J have very little to expect fro li, my parents." • "You will become a passenger," she said, laughing. In fact,.-she understood me.: She saw that I was nervous and embarrassed through having been brought into contact with the captain. "I flunk"," I said, "I had better remain thud mate until we get to Sydney." "Oh- no," she exclaimed, with a touch of petulance, "it is to be done, and therefore it shall lie done. I'll take old Mrs. Trevor into my confidence. 1 aSi sure she will understand our case, and pity us. I wish she wasn't -so deaf; but Fll talk to bain her cabin, with .the door shut; and perhaps- the ship may be groaning, and then we shan't be overheard.' "If vou sec old Mrs. Trevor at the captain, Belle," said I—but as I pronounced the words, his jolly round face,; pale in the moonshine, rose in the companion hatch. "The captain, Belle, I whispered, and she whisked like a mouse Sown the poopladder on to the quarter-deck, and entered the cuddy by the door there. « Hush! .what was that. It was startling though ho more than the sudden .rude awakening of the ocean from its trance, by an invisible heave of silver swdl, which took the sails of the sleeping ship, and brought them roaring like a park ,of artillery to the masts. Another and another, and another. A steward came out of the cuddy with a trayful of glasses, fell into the scuppers, and cursed and swore. A cock began to crow, and then a second. In the far-north-west, towards which the silver ball of moon was making, the shadow of wind was visible, and out-of it as it came, rolled a swell of the sea. The breeze smote us -in a flash of "moonlight .and damp night wind of squall-like weight. The ship filled fair with a whirl of her spokes, and then followed the cries of the captain and the officer of the watch. The yards were braced up a little, for the skipper clung to his westing. The sea showed like grey smoke, with the broken strokes of the moon in it, and the scud coming up fast over her, with a plentifud noise about the deck of bawling men. "A small pull to windward.' "Well all. aslant thro J-iif' 1 Ip-aniner the sea rushed from her in a glorious trouble and tremble of foam and fire. "Clew up the mizzenroyal and furl it. Clew up the foreroyal and_ furl it, Air. Pinch.'^ "Get your "mainroyal furled, ana your fiyingjib hauled down, and then let the watch haul the mainsail up and furl it." "Ay, av, sir." . . . . Thesa were orders to keep us skipping, but thev also signified an increasing weight of wind. The swell was the precursor of weather, and by midnight it was blowing fresh, the scene of beauty gone, rags, shreds, and tatters of cloud fbickening with the- night over our mastheads, and I did not get below until two bells,- because when midnight had been sounded, <-11 hands were kept on deck to reef topsails, o b s 