THE NOVELIST. "UNDER A CLOUD." prologue. The lost sally had been mado and repulsed, tho last shot fired; tho fight was over, and tho victory remained with tho white men. And yet, after all, was it a victory or a mossacro 7 If you were a stay-aUhomo, and road tho report from the telegrams in your club, or in the triumphant columns of tho daily papers, especially those on tho sido of tho Ministry you would certainly linvo pronounced it tho former. But if you had been thcro on tho spot, and had seen the half-naked, ill-armed natives, with tho fire of patriot ism blazing in their eyes and leaping in their hearts — had seen them being shot down in rows by the merciless guns of the English batteries — another view of tho matter might have presonted itself to you. It might have occurred to you that those men were fighting on thoir own soil for their freedom and their country, and that the spirit which was blinding their eyes to this liopolessncss of resistance, and urging them on to resist the stranger's process with such passionate ineffective ness, was, after all, a natural and a poetic ono. But, after all, this has nothing to do with my story. Tho battlo was over, and it was morning. Far away in tho cast a dull red light had arisen from over tho tops of the towering black mountains, and an angry sun was sullenly shining on the scene of carnage. It wns a low liillsido, once pleasant enough to look upon, but at that moment probably tho most hideous sight which the whole universe could have shown. The silvery streams, which had trickled lazily down to tho valley below, now ran thick and red with blood. The luxuriant shrubs and high waving ferns wore trampled down and disfigured, and, most horrible sight of all, every where were strewn the coppor-colourcd forms of tho beaten natives. There thoy lay apart and in lioaps in all imaginable posturos, and with all imaginable expres sions on their hard, battered faces. Some lay on their sides with their fingers locked around thoir spears, and the rigid frown and convulsed passion of an undying hatred branded on their numbed features. Others less brave hod been shot in the back whilst flying from the death- dealing fire of tho European guns, and lay stretched about in attitudes which in life would have boen comical, but in death were grotesquely hideous ; and over the sloping fields the misty clouds of smoke still lingered and curled upwards from the battered extinct shells which lay thick on the ground. High above the scene of devastation, on a rocky tableau at tho summit of the range of hills, were pitched the tents of the victors. A little apart from these, conspicuous by the flag which floated above it, were the general's quarters ; and underneath that sloping roof of canvas a strange scene was being enacted. Seated amongst a little group of the superior officers, with a heavy frown on his stern face, sat the general. Before him, and at a little distance, with a soldier on either side, stood a tall, slight young man, in the uniform of an officer, but swordless. His smooth face, as yet beardless, was dyed with a deep Hush, which might well he there, whether it proceeded from shame or indignation. For he was under arrest, and charged with a crime which, in a soldier, is heinous indeed — it was cowardice. It was court-martial before which he stood arraigned, although a hastily impro vised one. But soldiers have prompt ideas of justice, and General Lux ton was a martinet in all maters of discipline. Disciplinarian though ho was, however, he liked little the task which was now before liitn. He looked up from tiie papers, which were stretched out on the rickety little round table, with a sudden movement, and bent his frowning gaze upon the accused. The young man returned his gaze steadily, but the colour in his cheeks grew deeper. ' Herbert Dovcrcux, you stand accused of a crime which, in your profession, nothing can palliate or excuse. Have you anything to say for yorsclf 1 ' ' There will bo no need for me to say anything sir,' was the prompt reply. ' 1 1 is true tliat I turned my back upon the enemy, but it was to face a greater danger. The man whose life I saved can disprove this cruel charge uguinst me iu a moment. I admit that, from your point of view, appearances arc suspicious, but you have only to learn from my half- brother, Rupert Devereux, why I quitted my post, and what I effected by so doing, to absolve me at least from all supicion of cowardice, however much I may be to blame as a matter of discipline.' General Luxton appeared surprised, a little relieved. ' I hope so,' lie said, not unkindly. ' Roberts, send an orderly to Lieutenant Devereux's tent, nnd command his presence at once.' The man withdrew, and thcro was a few minutes' delay. Then tho entrance to the tent was lifted up, and a tali, dark young man, with thin but decided fea tures, and flashing black eyes, stepped forward. He was handsome, after a certain type, but his expression was too lifeless and supercilious to be prepos sessing. General Luxton looked up and nodded. Lieutenant Devereux, your half brother who stands accused of eowurdico in the face of the enemy, appeals to you to give evidence on his behalf. Let us hear what you saw of linn during the recent fighting. Eagerly, and with a confident light in his fair young face, the prisoner turned towards the man to whom these words were addressed. But Blowly and deliber ately the latter turned his back upon his half-brother without noticing his glance of appeal, and with a scornful light in his eyes. There was a slight murmur, and an interchange of looks amongst the few who were present at this significant action. 'I do not know, General Luxton,' he oaid, slowly, ' what the prisoner can expect mo to say likely to benefit him. He can scarcely lie so mad as to expect me to shield him in this matter on account of our relationship, or to preserve the honour of our name, and yet I do not see why else lie should have appealed to me. I saw very little of the ailair, and would rather not have seen that. I was riding to you, sir, with a message from Colonel Elliott ; and, as I passed trench 4 I 8a w tho prisoner suddenly leave his company nnd run towards mo. Ho passed several yards to tho loft, and as ho soomod to bo hurrying along aimlessly, I called out to him. But ho mado no answer, but ' ' Liar ! ' Tho word seemed hurled out with such a passionate intensity that ovory ono started. Gonornl Luxton looked up angrily. Silence, sir! You will linvo an opportunity of saying what you linvo to say presently. Proceeded, Devereux.' ' As I was saying,' Rupert Deveroux continued calmly, without appearing to have noticed the interruption, ' lie mado no answer, but seemed to wish to avoid me. As the message with which I was entrusted was an important one, I rodo on nnd left him hurrying towards tho rear.' With a sterner air even than ho had nt first assumed, General Luxton turned to wards the unfortunate young man who stood before him. Ho was standing as though turned to stone, with wide-open eyes, staring at the man who had just spoken, attitude anil expression aliko bespeaking an overpowering bewilder ment. ' You are at liberty to ask the witness any questions,' the General said, shortly. For a moment there wns n dead silence. Thon tho words camo pouring out from his quivering lips like a moun tain torrent. ' Rupert, what have you said 1 What does this mean 1 Good God, are you trying to ruin mc? Did I not run to your assistance because you were beset by those three blackguards ! Didn't I kill two of them and save your life 1 You can't have forgotten it ! Why are you lying 7 Hilton saw it all, so did Fenwick. Where are they 1 My God it is horrible. The deep flush had gone from his cheeks, and loft him as pale as death. Great beads of perspiration stood out upon his forehead, and there was a wild look in his deep blue eyes. But the man to whom ho made his passionate appeal kept his back turned and heeded not a word of it. Instead of answering he addressed the General. ' General Luxton,' Rupert said calmly, the accused, in denying the truth of my statement, mentions the names of two men whum lie admits were witnesses of this lamentable occurence. .Might I suggest that they be called to give their version V The General nodded assent, and the thing was done. But Hilton was t he only ono who answered the summons, und on refcronce to a list of t he killed nnd wounded it was found that Fenwick wns reported missing. ' John .Hilton, the accused has appealed to you to give evidence on his behalf. Let us hear what you saw of him during the recent iightiug.' The man, an ordinary-louking private, stepped forward and saluted. ' 1 only saw him for a moment, sir,' lie said, slowly, and with a marked reluct- ance. ' I was riding behind Leiutenant Devereux when I saw him leave his com pany and pass us a few yards to the left. It struck me that lie looked very pale, mid I thought that perhaps he was wounded.' ' He did not leave his company to convj to your muster's assistance, then.' 'Certainly not, sir. Wo were not iu any need of it. None of the enemy were near us.' Thank you. You can go, Hilton.' The man saluted und went. There was a dead silence lor a full minute. Then there came a passionate, hysterical cry from the prisoner — 'Liar! Liar ! General Luxton, upon my honour, cither my brother and this man are under some hallucination or they have entered into a conspiracy against me. Before God Almighty I swear that 1 only left my post because several of the enemy had ere it down from tiic hill behind and had attacked my brother und his servant. J killed one of them, and the blood of the other is still on my sword. Why, Rupert, you know that you culled out, 'Thanks, Herbert, you have saved my life.' Those were your very words.' The man appealed to shook his head slowly and as though with great reluct ance. Tlie sight seemed to madden the prisoner, und he made a sudden move ment forward as though to spring at him. ' Gii, this is horrible,' he cried. 1 Where is Fenwick 7 He saw it all. Let him be called.' General Luxton glanced again at the list before him and looked up. ' You are unfortunate in your selec tions,' lie said, dryly. ' The evidence of Hilton and your brother, to whom you appealed, only strengten the ease against you, Femviek is missing. Herbert Devereux,' lie went on sternly, ' tho charge against you lias been proved. I, myself, at a most critical moment, saw you desert your post when it was the centre of attack, and it fell to another's lot to lead your men on to the pursuit. 'I1lir> win wliiuli vnu linvo 1 »rt ttirrlifc fur- ward to account for your unwarrantable action have been clearly disposed of. You are most certainly guilty of a crime for which, amongst soldiers, there is no pardon. Jiut you are young, and 1 cannot forget that you are the son of one of the most distinguished officers with whom it it bus been my good fortune to lie associated. For his sake 1 am willing to make sonic allowance for you — on one condition that you may retain your com mission, and, I trust, retrieve this well- nigh fatal mistake in the future. To the crime of cowardice you have added the added the crime of lying; for that your account of the attack upon your linlf- brothcr and your rescue is a puro fabri cation I cannot doubt. The peculiar curve in the defile behind trench I unfor tunately hid you from the field of battle and prevents further evidence as to the oceu ranee which, you say, took place. But that your story is false no one can possibly doubt. The place lias been care fully examined, und there are no dead 1 jollies within a hundred yards. 1 1 seems, from your appeal to your half- brother, that you expected him to shield you at the expense of his honour. This lie and false statement of yours you must retract if you hope for any mercy from inc.' There was a convulsive agony in the boy's white, strained face as lie drew him self up, und looked half indignantly ut his judge. But when he tried to speak lie could not, and there was a minute or two's dead silence whilst he was struggling to obtain the mastery over himself. All expected a confession, and Genoral Luxton removed his oyes from tho pri soner, and bent closo over his papors, that nono might read tho compassion which was reflected in his faco. Tho words camo at last ; and shrill and incoherent though thoy wcro, thero was a ring of genuino dignity in thorn. 1 Goncral Luxton, I havo beon guilty noithcr of cowardice nor falsehood. I swear before God, on tho sword my father put into my hands beforo I loft England ; by everything that is most holy to mo ; I swear that my account of this awful occuronco is truo. Ask tho monof whom I was in command when I caught sight of — of him' — and ho pointed with a trembling finger and a gesture than which nothing could been more dramatic to his half- brother — 'ask them whether I boro myself life a coward when those spears wcro whistling around us, or when wo woro fighting hand-to-hand aftor tho first repulse. God knows that I did not. I left my post to encounter a greater danger still. Bitterly do I regret that I overdid so ; but it is tho only indiscretion of which I am guilty. I swear it.' General Luxton raised his head, and what there lintl been of compassion in his face was either gone or effectually con cealed. 'You have sworn enough already,' he said, sternly. ' Herbert Dovcrcux, I am bitterly disappointed in you. I was willing to spuro your fatlior tho disgrace which I fear will kill him ; but you cut away tho ground from under my feet. You nro most certainly proved guilty of gross eowardico in the face of tho enemy, found guilty, not upon tho ovidenco of ono man, but of two, and ono of those your own relative. Circumstances, too, nro strong against you, so are tho pro babilities. Most undeniably and con clusively you are found guilty ; guilty of cowardice, guilty of falsehood. You will remain under arrest until I can find an opportunity of sending an escort with you to the Ilckla. Your commission is for feited to tho Queon, whose nnforin you have disgraced.' Never a sign of guilt in the prisoner's countenance. Proudly and indignantly he looked his General straight in tho face, his checks red with a flush, which was not of shame, and the wild fury in his heart blazing out of liis eyes. 'It is not I who have disgraced the Queen's colours ; but he — he who has fabricated and sworn to a false string of lies, liupert, in your heart alone is tho knowledge of why you havo dono this tiling, iiut some ilay you snail tell mo — or die.' Thero was something intensely dramatic in the passionate bitterness which vibrated in tho shrill boyish tone, and, as though moved by a common impulse, every ono in the tent followed that threatening gesture. But the face of liupeert Deveroux was littlo liko tho fueo of a guilty man. Ho looked somewhat agitated, and agool ileal pained ; but although he was the cynosure of all eves, lie hunted never a shade the paler nor flinched once from the passionate lire which was leaping from the oyes of the young prisoner. Ho seemed as though about to make some reply ; but the General raised liis hand. ' Removo tho prisoner,' There was a sudden commotion, for, with a deep, despairing groan, and arms for a moment lifted high above his head, lie had staggered backwards and sunk heavily to the ground in a dead swoon. What wonder ! He was but a boy after all. 'Herbert. Why, Herbert. Good God, where did you spring from. Are you invalided. The moonlight was .streaming in through the high oriel windows of the long picture gallery, glittering upon the armour and crossed weapons which hung upon the walls, and casting fastastic rays down the polished oak floor. Colonel Sir Charles Ilcvereux dropped the cigar which which lie had been peacefully smoking, and brought to sudden halt liis leisurely perambulation of this his fuvourilo resort. Before him, with dropping heutl, with sunken cheeks, and witli deep black rims under liis eyes, stood his son Herbert, wlio, only a lew months ago, had departed on his first campaign, a happy, cureless young sub. Was it, indeed, his son, or was it a ghost Unit had stolen upon him out of the gloomy shadows of the vast gallary. ' Invalided, Would to God that I wns dead,' broke from the boy's quivering lips. ' Father, I have brought disgrace upon you — disgrace upon our name.' Ami he stretched out his hands towards the long line of pictured warriors, who seemed to be frowning down upon him from tho wall. 'Disgrace that you will never forgivo, never pardon.' Like a statuo of stone tho proud old soldier stood while he listoncd to liis son's story. Then, with a half-siiiotherod groan, lie turned liis back on him. 'Father,' ho pleaded 'listen to me. Beforo heaven I swear I mil innocent. Rupert lied. Why, I don't know, but he lieu, i never ion, icar. His father turned half round. ' You have been put on your defence. General Luxton would never have found your father's sou guilty of eowardico had there been room for doubt. The cliargo was proved ngninst you ut the court- martial.' ' But, father, it was because they be lieved Rupert and liis man. Tho only two other men who saw the struggle arc dead.' Colonel Dovcrcux turned away and buried hits jaee in liis liuuds. 'A Deveroux guilty of cowardice, ' lie groaned. 'My God ! that it should have been my son.' Thou with a sudden movement lie Liirned round. His son had sunk upon his knees beforo him, and the moon wus throwing a ghastly light upon his haggard, suppli cating face. Out of my sight, and out of my heart for ever, Herbert Dtiveroux,'- cried liis father, his tones vibrating with a passion ate contempt. ' You have brought dis grace upon a stainless name. Curse you for it,- though you ho a thousand times my son. You shall not sleep under this roof again. Begone! Change your name, I command you. Forget that you nro a Devereux, as 1 most suroly shall. Turn linendraper, or niaii-millinor, or lawyer, whut you will so that T novor see or hear from you again. Begone, anil curse you.' (to de continued.) 