A Woman Worth Winning ^eorpe TUandilh Wenn, •^.ttthorof "Blaek Blood," "A Double Knot," "Eli's Children," "A Hint of Money,' . ,>Iu the King's Name," "A Golden Dream," "Tho Case of Ailsa Gray," . ^ ."Cursed by a Fortune," &c;» [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER XLVII.—(Continued). OX'T you k n o TV, sir? I gave you one ofthedoc tor's cigars by mistake. I took one o£ bis sort that he gives to queer customers. Sends 'em off fast asleep. Sir Mar tin had one once. Nice job I had to get you into a cab and then to Hie end of this street; and when I did we were too soon to get in, and I couldn't find no latchkey iu Tour /pockets; so I had to wait till the people 'were ahout, and they was as near say ■ing you shouldn't come in as could he. <1 got over them, though, by telling them you'd heen had with fever and breaking your leg, and got you tucked up comfortable iu bed before X went. Teel all right, now, sir?' ' Hasty sick headache, my man. I could not make it out when 1 woke, for I must have lost my senses all at once.' That you just did, sir, and a pretty while 1 had to wait till I gota cab; ex pecting every moment to. sec old Sam Jlurls coming round the corner too.' 'Pah! fion't talk ahout it, man,' said Brendon, with a look of disgust. ' Well, I suppose you'd like your fee ?' i Barkins grinned: { ' If it's all the same to yeu, sir, I've been : reckoning on that. But one moment, sir. Is it all safe now ?' ■ 'Safe? < ' I mean for yon, sir. I come here soon after dark, and I'd just turned into the street when lny heart jumps into jny mouth, for I half thought I'd seen a ghost, it was so unexpected. 'Hansom comes up with Sir llsutin Jordan inside. \- Jumps out and pays hisiarc, and comes in here with his latch-key, quite at home.' ' Ah!' exclaimed Brendon, looking at the man wonderingly. ' Well, sir, I was nonplushed for a bit. ' There goes my five hundred quid bang,' I says. ' He's got to know, and come to nail him again. But you ain't going to stand that, Ephrum Barkins,' I says, * are you ? Ho,' I says; and I siippsd back, picked up a bobby wbo was off duty out Swallow street way, tells him I think there's going to "lie an assanlt on a gent I know, and promises him half a sov. if he'd come and help me protect you.' ' You did that?' cried Brendon, ex citedly. ' Of course I did, captain. I wasn't gcing to be robbed of my hard earnings, and have you took away again. Hot me. If it had come to the worst, I'd ha' made it five pounds before you should ha' been took. He's waiting across the way there now.' Brendon looked at the man with admiration. \- ' If you think it's all right now, sir, I may as well send him away, for I see Sir Martin go off with that young lady who came in her broom.' ' Then you have been watching all the time?' ' That's so, sir. Shall: I send him away?' : ' Oh, yes, there is no danger now. fhe trouble is all at' an end.' 'Then if you'd kindly lend me half a lov'rin, sir, I'll send him off.' " ' Brandon's hand went into his pocket, and ho brought out a sovereign. ' Give him that, mv man, and it isn't a loan.' The aspect of DarkinsV face grew quite agreeable as he went' out, and at the cad of five minutes he vras back, his face flushing with satisfaction as he caught sight of writing materials and a cheque-boak lying on the table. ' Bit disappointed, sir, for lie thought there was going to be a case on ;: hut twice as much as he bargained for made him go off grinning.' •Humph!' said Brandon grimly, as he tore a cheque, freshly written, out of the book. 'How you can do the same, and I hope I shail never see your face again.' • ' Same to you, sir,' said the man, 'and thankye.' He held the cheque to the light, and looked it over carefully. ' Leesmith and" Grainger's, Charing Cross. Any time after ten o'clock to- morrow morning. .Sign your name on the hack before' you present it.'. The man hesitated. ■ " 4 "What's the matter ?' ' Jlightnh putting my name to it get me into trouble with the doctor, sir ?'• ' Give me the cheque,' said Breudoo, and he wrote over.-the words, 'Or Order'—•' Pay hearer, L.B.' . 'Hah! It's a'gooipnll,' said Bran don, as soon.as he was. alone. 'But it's worth it.' Here ends an ' eventful chapter in my life. How what is the future to bring forth ?' - 