Notes and Comments. Time changes pooplo's views. At ono tima Australia, wlion it was youngor and perhaps moio foolish, was aa strongly pro-alion as it now anti-nlion. IJctwoon oO and GO years ago Syd noy and othor soltlomonts rogardod tho intro duction of coolioe, Indians, nnd othors as tho ono u'''s uufuooruj iui- ivuBcrauan aovolopopiont. Thoro oxi.sta a petition to tho British Govern ment, drawn up and signod by tho hoads of the population m 1842, demanding tho right to im port coolios and nrguing tho points in favor of tho demand with conviction and zeal. Curious^. ly enough, tho British Government of that date had mado it unlawful for any British subjoot to introduce coolios to Australia, and Governor Gipps, in forwarding tho petition, urgod Britain not to givo wnv, as whatovor commercial 'ad vantage might bo dorived from coolios, 'tha blending of thorn with a young raco in a new land would militate- against tho national typo. Tho petitioners lost, and woro no doubt fully an indignant at losing as avo thoso who now want to keep alions out but aro thwarted from au opposito pomt by Irnporinl authority. A claim for public sympathy is put forward on. behalf of Archibishops who live in palaces, :and havo largo incomes. Thoy aro obliged to spend so much monoy on garden parties and such liko ontortfiuments that, big as their salaries aro, thero is no monoy in tho business. -It iu soatod that tho loading Archbishoprics of Eng land aro run at a loss to thoso whom tho unin itiatod regard as fortunato to ho in pos session of them. Honco, without a man has private moans, ho cannot accept arch-episcopato oflico. Likoly onough this is all truo, for oven on a mitro it is not nccossarily all gold that glitters. It is a fortunato thing for tho Church, therefore, that this stato of things did not exist when tho Holy Ghost came down ia fiery tonguos, for if had Ho would not. hayo found a man oligiblo for appointment. It is noi on record that Peter or any of tho Galliloo fish erman had big privato incomes from monoy iu vosted in gilt- edged securities, nor was thorn a man amongst tho apostles who had a rent-roll amounting to shucks. Tho only way they could mako it work was by doing without fat calvod fiunkoys to hand them things on silver salvers, and not being over-solicitous . about what they should oat or what thoy should drink, or wherewitb thoy might bo clothed. Hot/ would it bo if, instead of complaining about the inadequacy of tho ten and fifteen thousand a year pittances, their successors tried to got over the difficulty by similar means. A 'WEAMED spirit found a rest when Mr. A. C. O'Earrell, solicitor, Melbourno, died in ponury and pain at tho local hospital. O'Farrel was a brother of tho madman who attempted to mur der Princo Alfrod at Clontarf and ho did a littlo shooting on his own account, Archbishop Gould being tho object of his gun. O'Favrell was ono of the original purchasers of Melbourno allot ments and the property onco held by him is now worth many millions. It was ho who engaged Aspinall to come ovor to Sydnoy to defend, iio brother, Tho fee was a heavy one, but tho witty advocate was denied admission to tho Sydney clubs. The Princo showed his disgust at this indignity by ostentatiously walking arm-in- arm with Aspinall oh tho Sydney block at the fash ionable and crowded time. Sydnoy snobocraoy then wishsd to receive Aspinall with open arms. He preferred, however, to wasto his wit in tho privato bars. Who could blamo him and under tho circumstances ? 