> Theatre Royal. Amateurs in "Hamlet." Shakespeare's immortal tragedy "Hamlet" Was producod at the Theatre Boyal lust even ing by Mr. "Walter .Bentley and his dramatic art students. Mr. Bontley's picturesque im- \--'peteonation of tho tifclo role is so well known in Brisbane that there Is littlo need to dwell upon it at any length. His ren dering of tho part lust evening wuty perhaps, hardly up to his former ' standard of success, this falliug oft being tho almost inovitablo result of his association with the amateur, players who essayed to present the other characters in the cant. Mr. Bentley was heard to the greatest advantage in tlio soliloquy, "To be or not to bo," while his sccno with tho Queen was perhaps the most forcible and effective in the play. Tho part of Ophelia was, as might have been expected, an ambitious effort for Mies Townley, who die- \ played some earnestness and spoke distinctly. \?he mud scene was rather colourless, but in other respects Miss Townley achieved some measure of success. Mr. J. Mullen was fairly , successful as King Claudius, though lackiug in. diguitv both of speech and deportment. Mrs. Puller, us the Queen of Denmark, gave a rendering which was, on the whole, . oreditablo, judged from an amateur stand point, though in parts wbero most emphasis , was called for, it was lucking. Tho Horatio of Mr. J. S. Corbett was really a praise- , worthy effort, and together with the capital Laertes of Mr. N. V. Townley, formed two of ..'tho features of tho cast. There was little that was supernatural about the : ghost of Mr. It. A. McDonald. Mr. J. /, Jttalstoh made a very good Osric, while Messrs. G. Ralston and G. Brookes as Rosencrantz aud Guildensteru were also fairly successful. The . . remaining parts were sustained in a creditable V manner. Mr. Bentley had mounted tho play : well ; some of the sceuory was excellent, "and . . several of the costumes were beautiful and striking. Hamlet will bo repeated this even ing, and with the experience of lust night a . good performance should be given. Thero ; should be another large audience. 