SNAPSHOTS. The Evening News, now that a member of its staff, Mr. James Hogue, has obtained(a seat in the Cabi net condemns the practice of Ministers going before their constituents for re-election. In its issue of Monday evening last the News remarks : — ' No deposit money being now required, a circumstance which once kept a healthy check on aspirants for Parliamentary honours, some local or Socialistic nonentity may at the last moment be nominated for one or other of the constituencies, 'and the country, be thus put to the unnecessary expense of an election,' 0 0 0 Mr. Hogue himself, speaking at the Glebe, is thus reported in the News : — ' He characterized the practice of Ministers hav ing to seek re-election upon taking office as due to an antiquated law which was framed 200 years ago, under conditions widely different from those in existence at present. Then, he stated, the Sovereign had the choosing of Ministers, and it was necessary that some check should be in the hands of the people ; but, though all this was changed, the ancient and now ridiculous law had never been repealed, and it was still incumbent upon Ministers to go through the useless but inconvenient and expensive form.' \J \J V Time was when the Evening News went out of its way to raise Kiama Ghosts and other 'ancient and ridiculous ' things to defeat new and un tried Ministers. On the eve of the 1889 election the News published a paragraph (John Haynes was then a priviliged contributor) to the effect that the Premier (Sir George Dibbs) and the Minister for Justice (Mr. Slattery) had on the previous Sunday ' paid a visit in the Water Police launch to his Emi nence Cardinal Moran.' In the same issue of the News a paragraph appeared stating that 'on Sun day Cardinal Moran opened and blessed the R.C. church at Moruya.' His Eminence was at Moruya, and the Neavs people were aware of it ; still the Ministerial launch party to Manly served its pur pose. The News acted the part of the mad dog during that general election. A meeting of those interested in the tobacco industry was held in Sydney. At the close some one called for three cheers for the Queen. A few of the men at the meeting groaned, and twisting the incident into a sort cf Popish plot, the News remarked that ' the people who thus displayed their ultra- disloyalty are identical with those who have shown their undying hatred of the Public Education Act.' \J KJ U Now that he is Minister for Public Instruction, it may be hoped, as much for his own sake as for every one else's, that Mr. Hogue will cast off the un savoury traditions of the Evening News. The News, under Mr. Hogue's editorship, cut a particu larly bad figure in the general election campaign of January-February, 1S89. It was when Sir George Dibbs came into power, withE. Barton, T. M. Slat tery, F. B. Suttor, W. J. Lyne, Henry Clarke, J. M. Chanter, the late J. P Garvan, and the late. James Fletcher as his colleagues. When Sir George published his address all the Sydney dailies, the News included, expressed the hope that the issue between Freetrade and Protection raised; by that address would go to the country unaffectec by any side issues. The papers deplored the raising of any religious dispute professing to require from the country only a plain answer to the fiscal ques tion. Then, to everyone's surprise, out came the News on January 30, with its ' Ominous Silence ' editorial, arguing from the silence and inaction of ' the opponents of the Public Education Act' that the Public schools were in danger. The News spoke of ' a conspiracy of silence '? — the wicked priests were at the bottom of it. Utterly oblivious to the fact that Orangemen and Catholics were standing side by side as Protectionists, the News affected to see some mysterious connection between the interest of importers and the Public School system, and Protestant Protectionists were called on to vote for Parkes and Freetrade because their schools were in danger. e o o The Bulletin, commenting at the time on the cowardly conduct of the News, remarked : — 'Nobody ever gave that journal credit for the feeblest glimmer of anything like political under standing, What the Neavs did was to ' warn ' tne people that if they did not at once quit arguing about fiscal matters and giAre a blind vote in sup port of Calico-Jemmyism, the Pope would get the lot of them, body and soul, for time and eternity. Of such a newspaper this is eminently worthy, and may pass without any special remark. For people who do such things are too irredeemably stupid to be very mischievous in the long run- . . ?.* It is notorious that the present ' Government has no intention of tampering with the Public Education Act, of which Mr. Dibbs was one of the earliest and most doughty champions— he was, indeed, the champion of educational secularism, Avhile Parkes Avas a violent opponent, thereof. Therefore, seeing that it is perfectly safe in his hands, we are content to leave it. Meantime the statements of those who have endeavoured to arouse sectarian feeling are so palpably founded on a false basis, so evidently untrue even to their expounders, as to effectually discredit them in the eyes of all capable of exercis ing the smallest amount of judgment, whether they be Protectionists or Foreign Traders.' 00 o A few months later, in 1889, the News, still under Mr. Hogue's editorship, again allowed its leading columns to be used for an attack on Irish men and Catholics. In a leading article, May 20, 1S89, the Neavs thus spoke of the Irish Home Rule delegates : — ' Evil communications, the wisdom of our copy books used to assure us, corrupt good manners. They have, one finds by experience, other disastrous effects — not the least of which is the estrangement of desirable friends. The starring tour of the tragedian Dillon, the light commedian Sir Thomas Esraonde, and the general utility performer Deasy, makes a few reflections on this subject peculiarly appropriate. To the delegates individually there are ito insuperable objections. Mr. Dillon is rather inclined to call people who send news adverse to his cause , liars and fabricators ; but the seriously minded are often a little energetic in their lan guage. Sir Thomas, a young man of low forehead and much collar, who might sit for the portrait of Fitznoodle, and Mr. D easy, a gentleman of glib tongue but saturnine countenance, are, inoffensive if ?slightly insignificant. The three solicitors of alms, if we could judge them apart from their associates, form a fair average sample of assorted globe- trotters such as might be drawn from the saloon of any incoming steamer.' 000 The 'crime' of the Irish delegates in the eyes of the Earning Neavs was that they had associated themselves in Sydney with Catholics and Pro tectionists. The Neavs made its meaning clear : — ' They have fallen into the hands of a Protection ist racial and sectarian phalanx, the members of which may hold very liberal ideas on Irish Govern ment, which concerns us only remotely, but on subjects directly at our doors have opinions which every noerai considers retrograde and. harmful. A lover of good government may have the strongest desire to express his veneration for and agreement with Mr. Gladstone, and yet hesitate Avhen his homage must contribute also to the glorification of Messrs. Toohey and Freehill, a particular creed, and a Protectionist tariff. Those politicians Avho are free from racial and religious bias, as well as being freetraders, would be in a bad case if they con sented, because of agreement concerning an anti podean question, to be led at the chariot wheels of a small knot of ecclesiastically-minded local politi cians.' .0 o o That brutally offensive 1889 article was recalled to mv mind bv the illustrated sutmlp.rcifint issued with last Saturday's Evening Neavs. In the half page of Avretchedly-drawn monkeys, headed ' Some of Our Ancestors and Possible Descendants,' there is what in the conceit of the English or colonial ' artist' is supposed to be a caricature of an Irish savage — half-man half-ape — with caubeen and shillelagh. We have had more than enough of this sort of thing for the past 20 years in anti-Irish Yankee papers. In the case of the Evening Neavs the introduction of the 'monkey-faced Irishman' is not original nor is likely to be profitable. 000 By the way, Tuesday's Neavs has the follow ing:— ' The Minister for Education has consented to open the exhibition of the Art Society of New South Wales on Monday next. A request by the society to use the word ' Royal,' as part of its title, is under Mr. Hogue's consideration.' 000 If Mr. Hogue really Avishes to serve the cause of art, he should either priA-ately assassinate the monkey artist, or publicly prosecute him in the interests of the Education Act. 000 Mr. Barton has at last got his seat in Parliament — at least Mr. Frank Clarke has surrendered the Hastings and Manning, Avhich is as good as a walk-over for the portly Federal leader. Mr. R. E. O'Connor, Q. C, has temporarily retired from politics ; but he has not, as 'Martindale' in the Ea-ening Neavs would haA'e us believe, gone in for horse-racing. To quote Monday's Neavs : — ' Mr. Dick O'Connor has had his string of horses in training out at Moorefield increased by the addition of a 4-year-old gelding, by Derby from Surprise, and a 6-year-old gelding by Bevys from Rosemary.' 000 Mr. O'Connor is still at the Bar, with his hands as full of work as they could well be. v \j \j Mr. Dowell O'Reilly, the ex-M.P. for Parra matta, is evidently determined to go on with his appeal against the election of Major Ferris. Mr. O'Reilly has paid the required £50 deposit, and prays for a search and scrutiny of all ballot papers, formal and informal, used and unused, for a recount ; and that the election of Major Ferris may be declared null and void. At the election the polling was : Ferris, 747 : O'Reilly, 743 ; E. J. Brown, 10S ; J. W. Withers, 9. 000 A man some time last year, in another country, say in Japan, brought§before the Elections and Qualifications Committe apian by which fraudulent voting was made impossible. The plan was per fect. But instead of being delighted, the commit tee w.ere terribly annoyed. 'What Avill you give me for |my ten years' work ?' said the inventor. 'Clear out,' said the chairman ; ' you're a dis turber of the public peace.' 'Then you won't accept or recommend my plan ?' ' What !' roared the chairman, ' do you think, you fool, that we're going to cut our own throats. How are we to get into^the next Parliament if your cursed scheme is carried out?' D.B. 