CLOSE THE SHUTTERS, BILLY'S DEAD. In tho hours of mouru, aud at the solemn moment when we are called upou to bid tho hist farewell to u dyiujr l-elativo or friend, our hearts droop and our eyes are tciir-dimmcd. Death h a reaper that knows no distinction between people of tho world, aud when the dread summons comas we lmve to knuckle under jiiul \'it. Within the lust few weeks tho hand of death removed from our midst n woll-kuown char acter, who, had he lived, was destined to rise to a social euiiuenco that would have culminated at the foot of tho mayoral chair. The above snap shot photo was taken a few houra previous to Billy's demi?e. Note the silky hirsute appendage, the shapely legs, the determined eye, and, abovo all, let your optics dwell ou those upright but daugerous horus. Yes, Maclean hasloHtone of its many goats. Not one ot tho bipod species who occupy, daily and niirhtly, tho scats near tho river hauk and make the atmosphere odious in their neighborhood by childish remarks and silly criticism iu reference to respectable passers-by. But the one under notice was a highly perfumed* quadruped of tho geutlemau sex. Ho was a well- known character, and, as his owucr used to say, ' Dot ghoat voskuow joost as mooch as mine self.' Billy— such was the goat's front name— was the aromatic property of a Teutonic resident, aud had several duties to perform. Every friend was treated to a ride on Billy, and was subsequently treated to a round of abuse from his spouse, who, perhaps, had a very sensitive olefactory organ, when ho (the friend i arrived at home. Billy's aroma was not exactly like eau-de- cologno, hut it was very pungent and far-reaching. In fact, the aroma ?« as vciy much in evidence long before Billy came in sight. Billy did not make many friends— for obvious reasons — hut he aud tho Teuton wore inseparable— so much so that a hardened wretch once remarked, ' they were like brothers.' But Billy's days were numbered, and (tell itnot in Gath) he died under the weight of a bould Hibernian, who had set himsolf the task of riding ull the mayoral notions out of Billy. He could not cMffi-y the man from the ould sod, and sauk to the earth and quietly gave up the jroat — I mean ghost. Tho odorous butter will butt no more on this side of eternity, and I only wish that every other kiud of odorous butter went with him. Billy was mourned by his owner, whose friends com miserated with him in his domestic bereavement. Tho grief stricken owner, so it is said, sent a request to the Mayor to -adjourn the Council meeting out of respect to tho memory of the defunct William, add ing that tho aldermen might also remember him in their prayers. Just fancy the present Mayor lead ing a prayer meeting, and imagiue the sincerity of Aid. D- C.'s basso-profundo 'Amens.' The Teutou could not allow his highly-fiavorcd com panion To bo lost to sight But to memory dear without giving him a fitting send-off to the Happy Butting Grounds. The flag was hung at half mast, u grave was carefully prepared, and the mortal remains of Billy were tenderly placed in the cavity. Iu a voice filled with emotion, and punctuated with loud and mournful sobs, the Teuton intoned the solemn burial service iu French. One small boy, wuo naa wanuereu mere out oi cunosuy, uuu ;i mangy bull-pup (attracted by the odors that per fumed the atmosphere for miles around), stood near the grave. To these the Teutou delivered a mourn ful address, extolling the virtues of tho departed William, aud dwelling ou the irreparable loss he had sustained by tbe death of h * friend, companion and adviser. Billy was highly flavored during life, hut iu death — phew ' No mortal could stand it, except ing those accustomed to feast on Bologna sausages and sauer kraut. Billy's death means a loss to the select few, but it was a godsend to the townspeople in general. In luudering my sympathy to the be reaved Teuton in his terrible affliction, 1 trust that his grief for the absent perfumed friend will not aflect his ' upper storey.' As for Billy — well, let him R.I.P. 