HEART AND SWORD. 1"- PtruLisrfED HY SnsorAL AsnAh'QimKirr. r I \ .ByOHiffitRANGE-ywaN ' Author of ';Bootlosis..Baby,".V,jDeuutlful Jim,.'". " A Magnifiqont ;Young,Man," "A Born, Soldier," Soul of the Bishop," "Tho Other' Ioa'£?Wii.''. TpKintats'jieflds,,''.;. ''OayMry -I<ife,,"-_. j St'ru u go ' ' 'S tovy (of Jly Lifn,'' _ " Ho Wont Fpr ' a t . . .. 'Soldier, "."Mignon's Husband,'.' &6i' J-'-V:- ' .Vji.ai''c-- 'vv/i-OOonNtaw. . - '. CHAPTElt IX(' Gontinwtk)""-- < »OT EXACTLY.' ' .1. wcntniiti: refreshed' myself- with a' drink,' lie said, sensibly; 'and having hud a drink I naturally came; to wait for you. I have seen throb' pooplo I know, all very anxious to kndw who 1 am with, and all ' thinking, you a- person of considerable importance that' you wore, sent for .to. go round.' 'But how did they know? You didn't tell them?' ' No. I didn't tell them. But one fellow happened to hear tho message, , and I suppose lie told the others. ; And. how did you get ou ?' 'Oh, I got on all right,' said Kit. ' I was introduced to Miss Warrender.' ' Was she nice to you ?' 'Yes, awfully — most kind.' They went buck to their' seats then, and Kit sat wondering how she should hveak'-tho news to tyegoty that she' was first of all to be a page. . ' 'Greg,' sho said, ut last, (Mr. Lavender is going to put a littlo part into tho play for mo.' _ " , "To put a little part in ?. How ?'" ' Well, he says there won't ho a change for at least two .months, and just to give mo a ohance, und, I think, a littlo to please Miss Warrendor, he is going to luivo two pages instead of one.' ' And are you going to be the othor page?' ' Yes.' She uttered the word in a tremulous littlo voice, scarcely audible above the noise of the orchestra. ' Are you going to wear the same kind of dress'?' he asked sharply. ' Yes. You won't mind, will vou, Greg ?' . 'No, I shan't mind; all the host actresses have played a page ut some time or other. But I don't know what- the mother will say. You see sho is inclined to take things wrongly, and she may not he able to see the difference between a page ut the Coliseum and a daueing girl in tights at tho Gaiety. However . ' Husli ! There's the curtain !' No consent could have been more complete than Gregory Alison's accep tance of the news that Kit was to begin lior dramatic career as a page,, witli a scarlet velvet eap, a white leather fastened by a diamond ulusp, and nether garments suggestive of masculinity. Kit went ut tho appointed hour to meet a celebrated costumier, who initiated her into tho mysteries of transforming liorsolf into a page, and wlieu the great night came, aiid with heating heart and palpitating emotions she fouud herself iu tho presence of tho British public, sho had indeed crossed tho Itubicon and east the die. ' By Jove, you looked stunning !' said Gregory, as ho mot; her at' the stage .door. 'You had Dottor come and have ,,.,,69100 supper after all that ' Why, 1 am not tired, Gregory, i have done nothing. Besides; the other ' page— the one I dressed with — she hud a . tin of biscuits, and sho shared a bottle ef lomonado with me ; so that I had rather go straight home, if you don't mind.' . No, no, come and have sotno supper.' 'No, Mr. Lavender warned mo ngniut1 gadding about, and I don't want to got into the way of going to supper after the performance is over. There will always he something to eat when I got home, so that I shan't go to' bed hungry, and I want to begin, Greg, as 1 moan to go on.' Sho curried her point, hoing, as I have already shown, a young woman whoso will was fairly strong, and they went straight hack to Charlotto street together. And then, after Gregory had no more leave and was compelled, perforce, to return to his regiment, Kit settled down iuto the ordinary routino of life, as quietly as if, instead of an actress, she had become a teacher in tho national school. If only Mrs. Alison could have known it, tho girl instructing tho infant mind in a national school had morotime and opportunity to got into misohiof than the young student of dramatic art who found herself under tho wing of . Philip Lavender. Por life at the Coliseum was a life of hard work; no idle, dis solute pandemonium was tho kingdom over which Philip Lavendor ruled. Within the thoatro all went with tho strictness and precision of a military code, and tho ono who lived tho most , strictly, who lived the most thoroughly tlio lifo of a studont, was Philip ; Lavender himself. Por days .together Kit did not soo him except upon tho stage, and weeks pussed without any sign that ho was taking further notice of lior, or interest in her, than to have' given hor the littlo part of tho page. Iu duo courso, as ho had promised, a liiio or two, a word bore, a salutation there, wore put in ;for her; ..then sho received instructions to . understudy one of- the minor characters of tho-pluy. .This was tho pai't of a young -girl, "a \- 'sort of rival- of the heroine of- the piece ; a dainty, ehurming, idealistic part, to . .. playnwhicli would he an enofhious ud- . . vaueo on tho work sho was doing. ( " At last her opportunity came. Owing to a sprained anklo the principal could , not appear, aiid tho .. understudy,, othor- . wise Kit, took tho part in "hor stead. To Kit it was us formidable, as auy ordi- . nary first' night ,uftdr\vardB ljpcame. Sir John Trench and his lady, wore pre sent;, at least half-a-dozen journal-" ists whom ho had askod -us a- personal, favour to attend" 'the ' porformanco, and. Gregory ' earno . up' ffom'ldei': . shot on purpose, aiid:. Mary; Warreudur' fussed about hor, _ giving- her hints' and encouraging her iu' overy way/that Was' ' possible. To Kit Jjprsolf tbe.roSiilt' seemed nothing , short of hidyous. failure. Sho hud studied tho purt so -diligently, had watched ''hor principgl-so elpsoiy; that; ' ' sho scorned ' unablo'tb '' gbji insjUp itbo character, try an shfl"Yvbqld,.!''l$ut,,iji'hon , . it was over Mary .Warrondbi. whispered .. to her f You'lf do,"" and. Lavbnder'ppttcd her on tho phoifldbr'' with'' U word: of ' encouragement, ; ' TK#J 'ifibrhing jjh'oiigb't ' hor a note.ni'.SJoUffilil9iildng hor to go to. tea ut'OhfisiiaincPliifla tho following ufternoon, and one of the morn-i ing pupoi's spoko of hor us 'Miss Mallindor; a young . actress of grout; freshness unci .much distinction of stylo' ;: another paper spoko of her us a, 'now -discovery.-. of Mr.:' Lavender's' ; aud Gregory, of' cowso, told : hor that sho was too ttdoroblp for words. ' , in And that was , tho beginning of' Kit Mnllindor's caroor. 3hc played the part nightly, and at tho various mutinees for nearly a' month, ,us tho spraiuod anklo, which wus tho cause of her chance,- continued .extremely troublosorao and difficult to euro.' Then Miss Neville came to her own. again, and Kit's cn'ndlo wus promptly put out? . ' Philip,' ' said Miss Warrendor to ikvonder, when Julia Neville was baek nt tho theatre onco more, ' what aro you; going to do for littlo Mallindor now ?' 'Nothing.' ' ; ; : .. 'Nothing!' she, echoed. . ' AVoll, -.! don't see that I can do nuy- ' thing. -I have given -her a veiy good; chance;' arid Julia . Neville most oblig ingly 'sprained her hnklo just at the nick of timoj but you cannot uxpect hor to continue as an invalid just to oblige a ncw-comor !' ' i :; ' Of course not Philip ; how tiresome you are ! You arc not goiug to put tho child hack to page's work ?' 'I can't do that— at least, it would he uuadvisnblc. But sho can continue the understudy work.' 'That is a licurt-breaking business,' said Miss AVarrendcr. ' Sho must wait,' said Lavender, in a tone of decision. ' She has had a better cliauco than most girls, sho has done extremely well,- and I am very well pleased with her, but no theatre can ho run solely for the benefit of the novices who want chances.' Por a week or two it scorned as if there was practically uothing for Kit but stagnation — stagnation and the drawing of three guineas a week. Then she received an offer from another manager for tho run of a piece j ust about to he' produced, and Mr. Lavendor was pleased to lend lior, us the phrase goes, for the engagement. Kit's now manager was called Harry Blake, a man of very different, culibro from Philip Lavender, a man who had 110 ideas about high art, ono who was himself a brilliant comedian and ram his theatre purely as a place of amusement and for tho piurpo.se of rnukiug money. Tho play itself was the work of a modern playwright, one AValtor Lang- ton, -half comedy, half domestic drama. Ho had been one of those to soo Kit during tho time she hud pluyed Juliri Neville's part at the Coliseum; aud bo had marked out hor oxquisite freshness of voice and' manner, her airy charm anil grace; and the general daintiness of:hor style. , The part assigned. to; her .was as fresh and unspoilt as herself. It was, as he said,- a big risk to give so prominent a part to so young an '.actress, but tho end fully justified his choice. . ' My dear child,' ho said, when ho met her for tho first timo at rehearsal, ' you are new to this work, and your only chauee of succeeding is to do pre cisely what I- toll you while you aro in rehearsal. ' If I had wauted somebody to create the part, I would have ohosou Beryl Barrington,. sho might havo done great things with it ; hut she is just a littlo too studied, . sho knows just too much to give mo precisely what I want. I waut tho smell of tho new-mown bay to waft across tho footlights to the public ; I want my Daphno Chnlloner to bo as simple and as sweet as violets under a hedgerow; I want her to be as un studied as the buttercups aud daisies which we gathor in the meadows in tho early morning. If you enn ho all that, that is to say if you cau he yourself, vou will have tho: grcate-st. success that any :girl has liftd uppn .tho .stage within my recollection. It is easy enough to play heavy parts, it- -is easy enough to rant and scroam .and snarl like a dog, us Mrs. ' J6ljn " Slonrio h is doing byery-;night at the Piccadilly, "but to' give a'real, fresh, diunty, prc-sontmprit of sweet and charming youthfulness, so that overy man wili,feel, (f jMy.jvifb was- like itliat onco,' aud' m'y daughter SViirho like that to-morrow,-"-, is. the ..roost difficult task which can ho set to any young actross. Now,1 will you do your best.?'. ; ;; Sho turned " a pair of eloquent .eyes, upon him, shining with pin-pose. J ' ' Mr. Langton,' sho said, ' I may . not succced-rwhy, because I inay fail ; but if I fail I promise you it will riot ho through mv conceit or through my obstinacy. 'Whatever you tell mo to do I will do.' ? V . ' ; > Ho brought- his hand down on her shoulder with a reassuring, thump." ' You'll do ; you've tlio .right stuff, ih. you ! ' ho said. , .' 1 1 know tho. real thing when, I sob it ! " I didn't go half a dozen times to tho Coliseum to watch you for nothing ! ' ' AVhat did I tell you— what did I toll you ? ' chuckled the playwright to tho wife of his bosom as the curtain wont down upon tlio second act. ' Didn't I say she was made for the part ? Isn't she perfect ? Listen to those pooplo ? , Ay, my friends, shout — shout on— tho harder the better ! The British public may be dense, und the British critic may ho a fool — most people seem to think, ho is— but one thing.. is vory certain,' that when tlio British public and \ tho : British critic got hold of a good thing they generally know it and do honour to it. That's right, my friends,., havo her hack again —up .with the curtain— -I thought she'd do it ! ' And then AAhiltor Langton, all anxiety at an olid, loft his box aud his wife, aud wont below to mingle frcoly with tho crowd of friends in tlio foyer, and to receive the congratulations of tho multitude, not only upon his now play-, but .upon iris new find. Prom that moment Miss Mnllindor's success as an actress was assured. Her liamo wus in everybody's mouth, not as a great artiste,; hut as a fresh; simple,, delightful child- woman.' AVickcd old sinners, who had long ago forgotten the virtues of the mothers who bore them, extolled hor charms in language which had for years been a stranger to their tongues. 'By Jove, sir, tho vouug ladies of the present day can take a lesson from that charming littlo croature ! If thoro were nioro like lior thoro . would he fewer cases iu the Divoruo Court, fewer scandals in tlio clubs. By jove, sir, she's a walking sermon on femininity, und I don't kuow whon I , have seen such modesty, such innocent coquetry, such pretty, simple, affectionate ways, such charm of breeding aud carriage, such a perfect specimen of au English woman.' In truth it was as well that tho girl could not liuar all tho praise which was lavished upon her. Had she done so, sho might havo failed to reeoguiso wil ful Kit- Mallindor who had pouted for waut of a elcuu white frock aud de liberately llouted her . future mothor-in- law. There was a big party on the stage that night, to -which Kit was bidden, but, she. excused liorsolf with firmness from being" present. ' No, Mr. Langton,' she - said, whon ho camo to hoi- dressing-room aud in sisted that she should withdraw hor re fusal to the mauager. ' No, Mr. Lang- toil, I am sorry, I must go home — I must go straight homo. I faithfully promised Mr. Lnvonder that I would not go guddiug about, riiaking a fool of mvsolf sociully. I was very small potatoes yesterday, and I may ho very small potatoes to-morrow, arid I waut to keop my wits about mo, aud not havo my head turned.hy a lot of silly compli-, mcnts not worth the breath they're spoken with !' 'Biit I won't excuse you,' said .AYalter Langton, in his most masterful tones. ' I particularly want to intro duce you to my wife for one thing. She is dying to niuko your acquain tance.' ' Airs. Langton is dying to do nothing of the kind, and if Mrs. Luugton is dying to make my acquaintance alio can; ask mo to como rind have tea with hor. any uftornoon that there isn't a matineo, land I' shall jbharmbd tb'. riocopti.tho linvitntion; ' Trim riot going on 'tho jstago to-night,- Mr.. Langton,- and so it isn't of tlio loast; use your risking mci' >; ''You'i'b'h'Very.obstinato -littlo miss,! said ho. i-'ii- "/' ; ' Yos, I- know-that, But I- promised you that my obstinacy should not - stand in your light, aud I have not lot it do so/ It won't stand in i your light -that I've gono homo to my bed like a good girl. On the contrary,' they will say,. " How sweet, how good,- liow simple, how domesticated of tho little girl to: go homo to. bed ; like a good- littlo child that has said its lesson ! " - - It will mako a far hotter impression than if I wont on to tho stage now, strutting about like a pcucock and -drinking in all tho praise I could get.' . AYalter Laugton stood and looked at her fixedly. . . ' Littlo woman— ' he said. ' Sir!' sho made reply.'- ' I. thought down to this moment that you wero assimplo, guileless, unaffected little' jprl 'from tho province's— what you professed to ho. It seoms to mb that you havo got as Jong a head upon those slight young shoulders of yours as ever Philip Lavbndor has upon his !( ? . ; The. ghost of a smile flitted over tho girl's face. /; 'And if I have, Mr.- Langton,' sho said, 'that will 'be all tho -hotter, both' for you arid for mo.' -s He buret out laughing, putted her on tho shoulder uguiri, ' and betook himself away. ' Tho horoiiie of - the hour ?' he re plied, in answer to'a. question put to liini as soon as lib showed his face among tho goodly crowd on the stage. '-Gone home to hod. .Itofuses to como in — absolutely, ; flatly, determinedly. AArould.not oven como : to ho introduced to my wifo.'.. ' AVhat!' cried half a dozen incredu lous voices. ' No ; says that if my wife will ask hor to tea by herself alio will ho charmed to go, hut that she is an actress arid is not goirig to fritter herself away on society. Arid so, my dears, if you want to soo the ludy you must como and pay ten and sixpence to do it !' ' Tell mo, Mr. Langton, is- she as charming off as on ? Is she— I moan, would you call her ii ludy— a well-bred woniau ?' ,' Mr. Laugton looked at his questioner intently, rubbed tho palms of his hands slowly together, and sgid : — 'Yes, I should call lior something nioro than a lady— she's a good 'un. AVoll bred, refined, cultivated, a lady in tho host sonso of the word to the very tips of hor fingers.' . pro B13 continued. 