lEiteiKc J§eraft (PUBLISHED DA ILK). EONUOA : TUEADIY, JAN. 4, 1808. SEWER DISASTERS. Il ia said that familiarity with danger broods contempt, and contempt wo know Is a synonomous term for carelessness. Perhaps It would bo lmvah'on the inon who vontured into the sower at South Y&rra; last Wedncs* day morning, to Bay that thoy wero actually carolt'B'. Moro probably they were Ignorant of tho specl'il dangor they woro incurring in going into b. tunnel that was known to be Tilled with foal, If not poisonous air. Tlioro was undoubtedly, however, a certain amount of oarelesnnesB which oonduotdtqbring about the tragedy by which three of the four men who ventured into tho tunnel lost their lifts, as well as a fourth, in the person of a would-bo rescuer, whilst another resouer who was overcome by tho fnmes but taken out of tho fatal locality has slice Buccumbail to effects of tho poisonous funes inhaled in the tunnel., Thia makes fire llctlros and brings the number of fatal ooourronoes in nonnoc tlon with tho'construction of the Melbourne seworage Hohemo up to twanty-ona lives, the Spottlawoodo disaster it will be remembered, boing responsible for thsioaa of five lives Gome two yeara ago. In the present instance the foul air woe found to bo so bad in tho ! tunnel that work was suspended for the time being. Yob in face of (lis warning certain men went into the tunnel; The presumption is that though the air was sot safe to work in it was probably thought not dangerous enough to prevent tho men going forward to recover thoir tools and so Port or, Meaaopt Slovens, and Hoare went in to the prescribed area, with the result that the first threo lost their lives and cost the lives of two others who went to their resucV Here was an exhibi tion of. carelessness ;ndded to want of KiiowioiSxe tliuc hivv brought in Uo train suoh disastrous consequences. If we examine into the oauaes of disasters wo shall find carelessness forms the preliminary ono in the majority of cases, When air becomes foul it becomes dangerous to life, and in a place like a sower tunnel, which is being oxoavated through traioheroua ground in Ihe neighborhood of a river, it might be reason, ably expeoted by any person of ordinary common intelligence that there wa9 mora than ordinary danger in venturing into the arena of this poisonous vapour. The four mon who went into the tunnel evidently thought the danger wag no"-- oo great as had been imagined, as thoy proceeded straight through the look towards the end of the tunnel where tho tools wore left. Probably the gas did not make its deadly presence felt until the men had entered witliih its poisonous influence and then It struck j at onoe and, without warning, itn fatal influenco. The poisonous. vapour would appear to have been a choke damp or, in halation of carbonic aoid gas from the sur rounding earth. This is one of the deadliest gaje9 imaginable because, it give no sign of its presenoe, has no smell, and when tho viotim enters che area of ita influence, grasps all tho vital organs in a pressure that seemB to cut off life with a choking process. Tho immediate outside area of Its influenoe is only noticeable by the air boing somewhat heavier with the tendenoy to a somuolent effect on the organs of life. In the August number of CassdVs Magazine, L. T. Meade and R. Eustace make use of the Btrange offeotB of carbonio aoid gas to weave a thrilling Btory ' in whioh murder and. ghoBticism play prominent parts and the true cauao of all the mystery is ac length exposed by " John Bell Ghost Exposer." In this story an escape of carbonic acid gas at the mouth of the tunnel »piits out tho light closes the remarkable death of two men and creates a mystery that tea res all the officials oonneoted with tho railway. Here, in fiction,, is not only some valuable information, but a truth that is exemplified in tho case of the South Yarra Sewer. We will probably find in tho evidonce of Hoaro that no warning ohnnge in ;tho naturo of tho air was ex perienced until the active arena of the poisonous gas itself was entered when it Immediately struok down without warn ing all who inhaled Its fatal fume?. This might, probably, account for the seeming carelessness and IndifForanqe with which tho men passed Into tho tunnel aud to their doom. There Is one feature in connection with the whole sad business that helps to remove somewhat tho gloom that Burrounds tho acoidont, and that Is the bravery shown on tho part of the roacuers. Stephens, Gibson and Gibbs, who have all lost their lives in the noble attempt to save their fellow men, add their names to tho silont list of heroes who, with no Bpur of ambition urging them on, perform deeds 'of glory, that end in oblivion, so far as this world's praises or rewards are concorned. Those other rescuers who, In the knowledge that a mysterious death had claimed previous victims, still persisted in risking their own live?, ahows that wo havo tho Btuff in man hood in our midst of which herooB are made, and that tho Anglo- Saxon race, if nurtured under the summer skios and enervating In fluences of Australian, suns, still preserves those noble attributes: for which it lias been famous through past centuries of trial and endurance.. . STOCK CROSSINGS, -1The following atook crossed tho border yestorday 800 sheep from North Wakool, consigned to A. Onrrle and Co., Porb Melbourno Pier, for export. Also 331 sheep, H. L-ndalo, ownor, for New market, consigned to Trenchard and Co. FIRE.-Last evening a fire broke out in the blacksmith shop of Millnr and Millor, coachbuildors, High-street. Tho alarm was immediately given, and tho brigade, in oon sequence, was quiokly on tho Boene. The members of tho brigade and a number of civilians prevonted any serious damoge being done. It is not known how tho firo origi nated, but It Is presumed that someone placed burning embers noar tho aoal on hand, which caught and spread on to the workmenB1 benohos. This, with a number of tools, composed tho damage done by-the conflagration. THE PIUOE OP FOOD.-In our isauo of yesterday an advertisement appearod from the bakers of Echuca notifying that the price of broad would be sixpence per the four pound loaf fromtyesterday (3rd January). This i? certainly: vfelcorao nowa to house holders and tho ' faofc was favorably commented, upon about town yesterday. A correspondent writea suggesting that if tho purveyors of moat wore to " follow suit," it would take a load1 oil tho minds of many heads of familioa. Our correspondent states that "ho thinks, considering tho past good grues season und tho docrenoe in the price of stock, our butohbrs cnu'd well afford to make a reduction all round." IJIOEMBJNO COURTS. - Speolal Licensing Courts will bo hold at the Court House, Moama, as follows:- Wednesday, 12th January, at 11 a.m. ; Monday, Slab Jan uary, Quarterly Court. _ WOHBN'S CnuisiiAN TKMPUIIANOE UNION. -Xiasb night an address was givon in tho Baptist; Churoh to a Rood nudienco of mem* bera ol the above, by the Rev A. A. Medley. Tho subject was " Martha and Mary," and tho rev gentleman epoko very oarnoatly as to tho different lessons taught by those two lives, tho address was muoh enjoyed by the listeners, and a motion oxpreasing the thinks of tho meeting to Mr Medloy was proposed by Mrs Foystor (the presidont oi the Union) and carried by acclamation. EOHDOA. POLICE OOCKT. -Teatorduy before Mr J. S. Kelly, J.P., Thomas Gain was charged with stealing four pairs of boots, the property of Mr W. Bishop, of the Yeomanry store. Constable M'Carthy deposed that in company with Constable Stelnfort, he arrested accusod on Friday afternoon, but that he had not lime to prepare the caBB pro perly and therefore asked for a remand. Gain, having nothing to say, was remanded till Tuesday, January Uth. CHRISTMAS BAIIQAIN FAIB.-Harry Ialng and Company, commencing Thursday, December 2. If you value your money, visit our fair. Com pare our goods with anything in the trade. Prices nover beforo seen in Eohuca. A direet. ] saving for cash at oar fair. Comparison is tho ouly true test of value. Astonishing bargains at our Xmaa Fair.-Harry E, iBing and Com pany, tho leading cash drapers.-(Advt.) 