ON THE TRAIL TO THE KLONDYKE. The following is contributed by a corre spondent of the Melbourne A rgus:— Porcupine River, Skagway Trail, Alaska, January 31. Heft Seattle, which is tho U.S. outfitting point for the Kloudyke, on tho 1'Jtli of January, with 1,000 lb. of provisions and a full outfit sufficient to last one man one year, which coat £75, and the expense of freighting same to Skagway amounted to £2 5a. Tho passenger j rate was £S first class and £5 second class. Every available freight and passenger space on the steamer was crowded, carrying 826 passengers aud 1,250 tons of freight. Tho steamer left the docks at midnight on the 12th of January, aud reached Victoria, British Columbia, at 4 o'clock in the after noon of' the 13th, where a considerable amount of freight aud 40 passengers were taken aboard. At 9 o'clock of tho same day Vancouver, the outfitting point for British Columbia, was reached,- where; no fewer than 15 stowaways were put ashore, and sorno 20 more passengers came aboard. Tho accommodation of ! the steamer was by this time unable to cope with tho pas sengers. Men and women were sleeping on the floors, tables, and chairs, and every space was occupied; whilst the meals were set up table after table, breakfast, lunch, aud dinner following in unbroken succession from 6 o'clock in the morning till half-past 7 o'clock in the evening. In the steerage matters were infinitely worse, the forward hatches being blocked with horses, mules, and oxen. After leaving Vancouver no fewer than 27 stowaways were discovered on board, and were set to work in various capacities. The passengers consisted of a very cosmo politan crowd of tradesmen, broken- down bankers, and men who at one time held high and responsible positions, and were making for Alaska to retrieve their broken fortunes ; women going to open restaurantB, laundries, stores, and other businesses, actresses, dance hall artists, gamblers, swindlers, and men of every type and nationality. On the afternoon of the 14th the first and only rough weather to be met with on the trip was encountered, namely, in Queen Char lotte Sound, and fully two- thirds of the pas sengers were soon fully occupied with the troubles of mal-de-mer. Two of the passengers standing on the upper deck were holding on to a rope attached to the headlight of the mast, when the ship gave a particularly heavy roll, and the head light—a cumbrous affair, weighing about 25 lb.—came down, and smashed the skull of one named Gainachie, a Briton, from Mon treal, B.C. Later on in the evening a sea sick passenger rolled overboard, and was never heard of again. The next morning Wrangel, in Alaska, was reached, and smooth water was again met with, to the satisfaction of' the "seasick pas sengers. • A few of theKIondykers went ashore here to attempt to cross the Daulton trail to Dawson City; but the. route is not a good one, and few have, so far, crossed it successfully. The scenery from .Wrangel, through - the narrows, is superbly grand. Towering snowy mountains, with glaciers on the top, rise up with fascinating grandeur, and icebergs almost fill the narrow channels through which the steamer ploughs her course northward. Un Sunday.evening Juneau, Hie Jargest city in Alaska, was reached, and as-the steamer lay there five hours the majority of the passengers went ashore and took in the sights of the city, which consisted of a num ber of wooden buildings, principally saloons, gambling houses, dance halls, and restau rants; all the streets _ being built entirely of wood and lit by electric light. A tremendous lot of money is won and lost in the gambling houses in this city. Quite a number of wealthy Klondykers come down from the interior to spend the winter in Juneau. Faro banks, poker, roulette tables, wheels of fortune (or misfortune), dice throw ing, and suudry other games are played_ by gamblers, • no laws being enforced against them. • Leaving Juneau in a very heavy snowstorm the good ship steamed northwards 100 miles, and reached Skagway on Monday morning, the 17th inst., without further mishap. I was much surprised at the general appearance and magnitude of the new town of Skagway, which in August last was a desolate muddy beach. It is now a city with a population of 5,000 inhabitants, and is being added to almost daily by the arrival of steamers bringing from 100 to GOO passengers. Skagway has a bank, post-ofiiee, electric, light, laundries, a brewery, the United States Recorder's office, weekly paper, dance-halls, gambling saloons, and hotels galore. Dyea is also an energetic and thriving town, its growth during the past- three months having been phenomenal. Buildings are going up in both towns as fast as men.can put them to gether, and both are handicapped by the scarcity of lumber, even at the nigh prices of £12 to £15 per 1,000 ft. The business of smuggling whisky seems to employ a large number of the citizens of Skagway, judging by the amount daily consumed. The United States Custom-house officials are very vigilant, and during the first week of my stay there seized between £1,500 and £2,000 worth. • After the first excitement of the steamer's arrival bad subsided we got our outfits on to horse-sleighs, and we sleighed along the wharf, which is about half a mile long; on account of the high tides, and skimmed over the frozen streets, with the sleigh bells ringing merrily, to a hotel, where'we got accommodation ac £l per day. After resting a for a few davs in the city, making preparations for our trip over the trail and looking round the town, which consists of, principally, roughly-hewn log buildings, with a few well- constructed two storied buildings, we started up the trail on sleds, with reasonably fine weather. Reason ably fine .weather here is at 5° above zero, with light snow falling and no wind. The first day four of us sledded our outfits of 1,0001b. each about seven miles over a well packed suow, and then made a camp and erected our tents, after clearing away about 3 ft. of snow off the frozen ground and ice. About 5 o'clock we noticed a somewhat silent procession slowly moving along down the trail. Investigation proved it to be a party carrying the corpse of a man who, whilst attempting to cross over White Pass summit, had been frozen to death. He was a young man, a barber by trade, from Michigan, U.S. He had been caught in one of the storms which are of frequent occurrence near the summit, and in trying to save his provisions had lost his life. After placing a layer of boughs on the ice in the tent, we got the stove going, and kept ourselves reasonably warm. After supper of fried bacon and beans we each crawled into a sleeping-bag, and endeavored to keep the icy air out and to sleep in spite of the terribly annoying howling of the innumerable hun dreds of dogs owned by the Klondykers camped all around. Their prolonged, melan choly howling, however, made sleep almost impossible, and after_ spending a restless night rolling around in the bags we arose, to find it bad snowed about a foot during the night, and had frozen hard at daybreak. After lighting the stove, the first surprise was the bucket of water, which was as solid as rock. The meat also had to be thawed out before it could be cut; the'canned milk was frozen; and, worst of all, our socks and boots were like boards. The stove, however, straightened these inconveniences out in a very short time. . Having done some hard work the previous day, we naturally slept in till daylight, which is broad at about half-past 9 a.m., and with the difficulties of lighting the stove and cooking breakfast our second day was almost gone before we were ready to start again. Next day we started out afresh in a biting wind, which would freeze the breath on your face. One of the party, a bearded man, looked like a ghost carrying round a frozen mat on his cheeks. On account of the unfavorable wind we only covered four miles of the journey, and camped beyond the Porcupine River, about four miles from the summit and six miles from, the dreaded White Pass. The trail over which we had come was over frozen ice on the Skagway Eiver route, and the wind blew down the canyon between the mountains, raising snow like dust, which would blind and freeze one. At this camp it is advisable to await a fine day, and rush the outfit as near the summit as possible, and trust to luck to get it through before a blizzard or storm comes up from the lakes on the other side. We have been waiting here eight days up to date for a favorable day to make the rush, and so far have not succeeded. The thermometer varies from zero to 15° and 20° below. Yester day a man attempted to rush over but failed, and returned with a frozen foot. - We spend the day hugging the stove or col lecting firewood, and at night-time vainly try to keep the air warm enough in the tent to sleep comfortably. Yesterday morning one of the party awoke with a lump of ice 3 in. thick on his coat, where his breath had frozen as he slept. Numbers of men are frequently met with frozen ears and fingers, in' spite of mitts and ear covers. The north winds blowing ' through the. pass are positively unfaceable by man or beast. A few men from Dawson came through on foot a few days ago, and report positive shortage at Daw son, though, if the available food is judiciously distributed amongst the miners there no actual starvation will occur. Yet men—miners there —worth thousands and thousands of pounds will be agreeable to forfeit their claims for a " square meal" before the supplies get in. February 1. Being unable to cross the summit in the gale and snowstorm which has prevailed here during the past five days I returned to Skag way for mail to-day, and found the town crowded with Klondykers waiting for more favorable weather before starting over the trail. The steamer Corona, wkich'left Vancouver on the 20th of January for Skagway with over 230 passengers and with dogs, goats, horses, mules, oxen, .and a miscellaneous cargo of freight, struck on a rock oif Dixon's Entrance, and the captain, finding the.,pumps, utterly unablo to cope witli the inrushing water, steamed full speed for a small island about a mile distant, and ran her ashore, where the passengers were safely landed. Many of the dugs, horses, and other packing animals were drowned, whilst all the cargo, was lost. She sank in six hours after the second strike. Xho passengors had a very cold and un pleasant wait of about 10 hours on a desolate snowy island before the steamer Alki picked them up and conveyed them to Skagway. Many of tho passengers had invested all their worldly capital in Alaska outfits, and lost everything. This is tho second steamer which has gone down on an unknown rock in thiB vicinity inside of six months. This morning about 1 o'clock a row took place at tho People's Theatre, _ which con sists- of a largo wooden building, with a cheap theatre and dauce-hall in the back portion, and little Imxes on oithor sido whero men- can drink with tho woman " who do a turn" on the stage; tho front portion being used for gambling of all kinds, principally "dead-suro" games, ns tho American calls them, a saloon t-eeupying tho front untranco. A man named McCredy, a teamster, had spent the evening there, and when Blightly intoxicated entered ono of the boxes and got carousing with ono of tho "Circassian Beauties," when she, with, the adroituoss usual to her class, picked his pocket of CO dollars (JL'10). Ho discovered his loss at tho bar, and ncoused the girl beforo tho ;; bar-tender, who, by the way, was on very friendly terms with this particular maiden. Tho bar-tender wanted to throw McCredy out, and in the tussel McCredy got considerably knocked about. He avowod his intention of fetching tho United States marshal and forcing thb girl to givo up his money. He did so; tho bar- tender awaited his return with a revolver handy, and the moment McCredy entered the saloon the bar tender shot him dead. The United States deputy- marshal (the only representative of law and order in this town) entered the door im mediately behind McCredy, and was also shot dead, and the bar-tender wa^Jiustled away. At a, meeting of the townsmen here to-night it was decided . to lynch him,. the lynching to take place as soon.'as'he .is found. As it is impossible'for him to go over the summit, and equally impossible to escape by boat, as the sea is too rough "for small.craft, lie will, no dciuht, be hanged before to-morrow'night. But as this will leave for the Vancouver mail to- mbrrow morning I will be unable to forward details of the lynching. Another row on a smaller, scale took place at the rear of Clancy's saloon about 6 o'clock to-night, when two men quarrelled about a lot, when one placed his hand on his hip pocket, as he says to get out his pocket hand kerchief, when the other, thinking he was drawing on him, shot him, the bullet passing through the fleshy portion of the leg below the knee. At a large meeting of the vigilance com mittee to-night it was decided to draw up a list of all the "crooks" in Skagwayand run them out of town. If they make a good job of it Skag j way ; will be "almost deserted." There are quite a number of Australians here, more especially from West Australia, though very few will attempt to go through. The report circulated some time ago that Slavin, the pugilist, had died at Dawson City is untrue. I interviewed him at Skagwav some three weeks ago. He has made quite a stake in the Klondyke, though he does not like the country. He gave many exhibitions at t Dawson City and won several fights there. ! He made the most of his _ money steadily ■working on "a lay"—that is, working on a claim on the tributers' system, or on a per centage of the gold obtained. He says he has made as much as £20 a day and never less than; £2. When asked his opinion of the country he says, "In the winter it's too cold to work, and the grub—bacon and beans—will ruin a man's health. In the summer it's too hot to work, and the insects, more especially the 'skeeters,' will ruin a man's patience." Whilst writing this on a candle-box in my tent the wind howls down the canyon, and the cold has frozen a tin of canned pears, some of which I ate for supper, in spite of the heat from a good stove in the tent. We expect to make a rush oyer the summit within the next few days. Horsefeed to-day in Skagway was selling - at £21 10s. a ' ton — 102 to 115 dollars. The incoming steamers will not carry freight, preferring to fill the space with passengers. ^ 