PHOTOGBAPSING THE INVSL JBLE, ? ?? ~-o ? A WONDROUS DEVELOPMENT. (From th© ' Saturday Review.') We are still mystery-loving enough to be roused to a state ol interest by any tangible manifestation of the invisible, especially when it comes to us under scientific authority. A ouriosity of this nature was awakened by Dr, Russell's ' Experiments on the Action of Metals, and Other Substances on a. Photo graphies Plate,'' as the dry title lias it ; and this curiosity has received an addi tional stimulus from the further re searches which he expounded to the Royal Sosiety in the Bakerian leoture i» March. The title of tho lecture might almost have been ' the catching of in visible vapours, and the manufacture and photography of ghosts.' For al though this advanced photography is quite a pieoe of latter-day, science, yet there clings about these experiments with invisible vapours given off from newspapers, metals, pill-boxes, wood, and a thousand diverse Bubstanoes( an air of mediaeval romance wafted from the days of. Albortus Magnus. It is pro bably within the recollection of most of us that Dr. Russell discovered that an enormous variety of substances, were capable of giving a permanent record of their surfaces on a photographio plate when they were placed in contact with it and left for some time in the dark. But thero was no definite explanation of tho cauoe of this. Why phould a piece of wood a hundred years old, or a news paper cutting, or a polished sheet of zino, photograph itself in this way? The reply ia at last forthcoming—each of these substances gives off its own parti oular vapour, presumably in the form of a gas, and this vapour oan act upon tho silver salts in the sensitive plato in precisely the Bam© manner as light it self. The manufacture of ghostB lends ad ditional proof to the vapour theory, A sheet of polished zino is cut into some shape, say that of a ghost (traditional form), and is placed in contact with a piece of white cardboard for some time ; tho zinc is then, removed, rind the card board tied up with a photographic plate. When the plate comes to be developed there appears a black ghost on a white background, Whilst the zinc and card board wore together the zino vapour has been entering the pores of the card, so that to all appoaranoe as blank a3 tho card appeared before, there is, in reality, a ghost depicted in it in. zino vapour, and this ghost can be niado visible only by the photographio means described above. It is too early to arrive at any final conclusion about these things, but we shall almost certainly havo to revolu tionise our ideas about vapours in gen eral, We are not at all used to think of nickel, zino, and aluminium as each giving off the vapour of its particular metal at ordinary temperatures; still 1ob3 can we at present realise the calm manner in which these emiiaions stalk through sheets of gelatine and celluloid #«i though there were nothing there, But the facts remain and constitute one of the most curious and interesting develop ments of science that hns occurred for m long time, - 