Jottings by the Way. We have good reason for believing that the millennium—a time generally supposed to be absent some distance—is really close at hand, at least in New South Wales. A former Mayor of Manly (Sydney's most favoured watering place) naa written to the council of that borough protesting against the disfigurement of the baths by gaudy advertisements. He also mentions, by way of justifying his complaint, that the prin cipal colours used are yellow and green— which of course does not look extra well in close juxtaposition with the intense blue of the water. But only fancy that such a complaint should have been made by such a man ! Not by a common artist person, but by an ex-Mayor. The mere thought of the thing makes on*, gasp. Of course it is not bo wonderful as if he had been an actual existing Mayor, for one wonders whether he only wrote thus as a " show off"—a parade of artistic appreciation be fore his former colleagues, men whose opinion of anything in this way 1b always both timid and scornful. Still, even so, the little incident is full ~of tremendous Import One looks ahead with a gasp to the next century, when our own city fathers may have (at this rate of development) flower beds all along the edges of the pave ment and dellcatfi- hued lampshades on every lamp post. If the debate on the vote far., the Chief Inspector of Factories and Shops served no other purpose than to ventilate the sub ject of boiler inspection it did good. The question is one which has agitated the publio mind for a considerable time, yet, strange to say, has not yet moved the authorities to action. In hl» last annual report Mr. M'Lay makes some very perti« nent remarks on the matter, and empha sised the need for some immediate action. Why then is it delayed ? Mr. Dlckaon admits the urgency of the demand, but pleads the general upheaval of thing* poli tical lately as hie excuse. As regards the present Premier, of course, this holds good, but his excuse does not exonerate the Go vernment of which he Is a member. It Is well known that in Brisbane as well as on the goidflelds of the colony there are many workmen who really are subjected to very great risk. Old boilers are re paired and repaired like so many old shoes, and are liable to go off at any moment. However, now H has been decided to pro wed with the business of the country, comethlng of a more definite character may bo done. W« have hope In Mr. DicksonV bint that If amending^ legislation la not at once brought m a general inspector may be appointed. An exchange, which 1c possibly well Informed, say« that the late Bir Henry Parkes had an expensive thirst. His wine bill was always a heavy item of domestic expenditure. He "very rarely entered a hotel, and never was •een in a bar. An enthusiastic new member, walking by the Oxford Hotel one day, after great persuasion, prevailed on Sir Henry to enter and " have a drink." The waiter ap peared. "What will you try, Sir Henry?" asked the new member. " What do you take?" asked Sir Henry, by way of reply. " Oh, mine's always whisky." " And mine's always wine—the best champagne," put in Parkes. " Whisky and soda for me, and a small bottle of champagne for Sir Henry," was the order with a sigh. " A large bottle. If you please, waiter," corrected Sir Henry, and the new (and economical) member al most fainted when he knew that a guinea iwas gone. He was never again guilty of the indiscretion of asking Sir Henry to have a drink. " Well, well," exclaims " Oriel" in the " Argus," " it is quite remarkable to notice the urgent business which brings a number tot distinguished visitors to Melbourne every year about the beginning of November. H.M.S. Wallaroo, with a full complement on board, has already arrived in the bay from West Australian waters, and every man-jack of them, from the captain to the cook's mate, Is already laying a course, In his mind's eye, for Flemington. His Ex cellency Admiral Pearson is coming over becauses he is anxious to inspect the Vic torian navy, and Lord and Lady Brassey are expected to arrive In good order and condition, f.0.b., about the 20th instant in time to have a bicycle accident before the Cup is run. But the business which brings his Excellency Lord Hampden is tho most important of all. He has come over to take part in the tournament of the Royal Mel bourne Golf Club, and has been simply paralysing the spectators at the Caulfleld links. It is a liberal education to see Lord Hampden on the track, so to speak—but it must be confessed, with regret, that he is cot a Bobadil." Thargomindah Is a progressive little town, and in some matters other and larger places might stoop to take a wrinkle from it. The public lighting question, for instance, has been tackled and solved by Thargomlndah with an amount of courageousness which even Brisbane might envy. "While the metropolis talks vaguely of using electricity for that purpose, and doe« nothing practical, this remote Western town adopted it some time ago. The Brisbane Municipal Council might also study with advantage the example set by the local Rabbit Board a day or two ago In connection with the elec tion of a chairman. As the time is not very distant when a Mayoral election will have to take place, the method of overcoming a deadlock adopted at Thargomindah Is espe cially valuable. The Rabbit Board wanted a chairman, and there were two candidates for the office. They were both held in equal estimation, and the whole day was spent in endeavouring to secure for one or the other <he preference, but without success. There >was a deadlock. In Brisbane that state of affairs would have continued for several weeks. Not co at Thargomlndah. The rival candidates draw lots, and the winner was then unanimously elected. There was noth ing unseemly or objectionable about that. {It was infinitely preferable to the wrangling and delays with which Brisbane ratepayers ere so painfully familiar. The loquacity of members of Parliament ■—or of certain of them at least—would ap\ pmt to be on the increase. The fact that the session is growing old while much im portant legislation remain* to be disposed of weighs not with them. What they havt in their mind's eye i* an approaching elec tion —and they heaitate not to^ improve the shining hour even at the expense of the poor bleeding country -which has been B6 good to them. TVriie last FntdoyNi proceed ings. The whole night, till after 4 o'clock this morning, was taken up on the Defence Estimate* —an important subject viewed from almost any standpoint. On certain lines full and free discuwlon is warranted, but when, it tak«« the form of a revival ol a threadbare Question, and speeches of over an hour's length each are strung on to thlß, then the more moderate section of the House may be excused for entertaining (feelings something akin to disgust. Sven the- Brttishera have " dropped" -to De Rougemant's yarn, and this gilded story al ready goes down with difficulty almost all round the table. At least it would seem so, judging by Press criticisms, of which fhJB is ono from the " Pall Mall Gazette" of lWh September •—" We were wrong, it seems, about M. De Rougemont. The ed*tor of toe ' WHi« World Magazine' writes to-us to say tfctat, ' far from being an adept at blowing 'his own trumpet,' toe io the moat retiring and modest of men. So little did he appreciate his valuo 'per tbou' that, when be flr-.it appeared in Sir George New ness office, his »bory could have been bought ■dutrlsht for a five-pound note. What have Sir Walter Besant and the Authors' Society to say to that ? The editor of the ' Wide World Magazine' proceeds to inferm us •that M. De Rougemont i» ' scrupulously accurate In his statements.' It Ab a pity that he oould not find time yceteTday to give the ' Chronicle's' representative at Bristol fomc reply to the questions put to him in that paper by 'An Australian.' We want to know more, mucb more, about that turtle whiten he eteered by pokes in the eye with his big taa, and those two English Rlrls whom he rescued from the harem of a can nibal chief. Revelations about the avoid ance of their mothera-in-flaw by •cannibals, such as he gave to the British Association yesterday, fall rather flat after bis ' Wide World' sensaticnsUsm. That amount of savagery is not unknown in semi-detached villas at Brlxton." The debate which took place In the House on Tbured'ay, and kept things merry well Into Friday moraing, threw a tittle light on the cause of disaffection which exl»ts In tbe Defence Fore*. The llgure* cited and the testimony advanced showed the remarkable fact that notwithstanding the Increased an nual vote which has been passed for ncrae time the strength of the force hits decreased and the pay of the men law declined. On the other hand the pay of officers has gone up, though not to tie extent of accounting for the expenditure of the increased vote. The anomaly t« one which la worth explain ing. A Parliamentary committee might have been able to solve the problem, and tt would bave (the additional merit of not cost ing much. However, th 9« was not to be ; aad the Brigade Office le cafe for another ytfer at least. But the Government would do well to look into the subject. Notwith standing military opinion, there are many people who consider that mone can be got out of a eltlsen soldiery than out of a per manent force. At any rate there is a strong feeMng favourable to the Volunteers —a fact wWch is emphasised by the en thuetesm which has marked the establish ment of the School Cadet corps. Under the circumstances It it worth considering whether more attention oould not with ad vantage be betirwed on the Volunteer move ment and the Rifle Club organisations. A Barron River correspondent of the " Mareeba Herald" sends that paper a de scription of a fight between a dog and a cat which serves to Illustrate the ferocity of pussy in her wild state. He says :—" On the night of Tuesday, the 4th instant, hear ing the dog barking and something making a peculiar noise, I hurried down to the fowlhouse, and found that the dog had a large cat at bay. When I appeared on the scene they came- to close quarters, and a desperate battle ensued, lasting nearly fif teen minutes. It ended in the defeat of the cat; but I had to knock its head against a post several ttmes before it finally gave up the ghost It was a very large specimen of the native cat ; in fact, the largest I had ever met with. It is commonly known in these parts as the Tiger Cat. This animal measured 3ft. lin. from the nose to the tip of the tall, 21in. long without the tall, and 9%1n. high. The skin was very much torn about and utterly useless." Sir George Turner Is evidently In no compromising mood so far as the New Guinea Syndicate concessions are concern ed. In his reply to Mr. Dickeon's invita tion to Join in a conference on the subject, he plainly declares bis disbelief in tho utiHtv (if such a conference, and his in ability to :»ee any reason w*hy he should with.iri.-ft hlB objections to the syndicate. There id to uncertainty or wavering about that. Pla'niy, Sir George has not teen con verted by Sir. Wm. MacGregor's defence of the ecaeme, and having his own Parliament ary affairs to attend to, he does not feel dis posed to waste time In reconelderlng a position wihich he cannot see his way to recede from. There to unmistakable back bone displayed there, and it la a quality which seems to be greatly needed !n thl* matter. Mir. DlcksoD,'* motive in sug gesting a conference may be an excellent one—doubtless it is; but if behind It there lurka a proposal to back down or com promise, It cannot be regarded otherwise than as a retrogressive step-. Anything of that sort would be a complete reversal of the firm policy of the lete Premier, and It would place the Premiers of the Interested colonies in the awkward position of men without confidence in their own opinions, an<l without consistency in their public acts. Melbourne " Punch" la respcnslble for the following : —" The Increased energy lately displayed by Sydney police in penetrating to the parlours of city pub?, on Sunday night*, aod thereby happening en the thir.-ty law-breakers In the midst of tbeir enjoyment, has caused several hct;l<3 to chut fast tbeir doors all the forbidden day. But demand creates supply. Now at and about a number of pub. corners men may be 'found on Sunday nights with a bottle and gl«es in their pock et*, ready to tre«t old customera for the ueual fee. One of theEe got through throe bottlee of whieky in this way last Sunday night, and appearance* indicate that the traffic will grow. An ex-barman confiden tially reports that he makes a better income in this way in the coarse of « Sunday than, hz used to make ty a week's work," ' 