. - CURRENT TOPICS. . The labour members are loyal to their own "pledges and their constituents' . Interests In the action they have resolved to itake on the- tea duty question. They are not to be bought by the bribe of the -Old Agie pension,. Their first duty is with the present, and it Is. a present wrong with which they are menaced. The' tax on tea is the equivalent of a wage tax, or a poll tax, a tax which takes' as much from the pocket of the worker as from the man who employs many workers. . A tax, moreover, which had but. to be fairly understood to be recognised as unjust. ' How can the question of equity be seriously raised when tlie bricklayer who buys his pound of tea for a shilling pays the very xame tax as the banker who takes a choice blend at three shillings? jt is fifteen per cent, on the amount expended by the little man, as against five per cent, on the big fellow. Professor Anderson Stuurt made some per; tinent remarks yesterday to the Victoria Salon. It appears that, in this age of ex treme delicacy of sentiment, It is not precisely fashionable for a mamma of any tone to af ford her Infant that natural nourishment which the babe might justifiably expect. The cow or the patent food Is your wet-nurse nowadays, and Professor St-uart had some thing to. say about these substitutes for Dame Nature — and said It, we may be par doned for thinking, with hyper-sensitlve re serve. Inter alia, he pointed out the extreme liability of the milk of the cow to become tainted by foul odours, which make it a me dium for the growth of lower organisms, to say nothing about tuberculous milk. The professor's exordium, it is to be hoped,, will call attention to this matter, and have the effect of inducing healthy and temperate mothers to revert to a practice of which their grandmothers were certalrdy not ashamed. Bond! beach is adorned just now with the scattered remains of shrtrk, of shark In a gamey, or. not to put top fine a point on it,, in a rotten condition. The Waverley coun cil, on previous occasions, gave those decom posed pirates of the sea sepulchre, and hopes have been expressed In certain quarters that tlje council will again, and speedily, re peat the benefaction. The Booner the sharks and the .stench thereof are decently Interred the better f.or Bondl, and for the visitors tljereto, i who, under the present .condition of affairs, stand a good chance of contracting Asiatic cholera, or a colourable imitation, say, of the bubonic plague. But why should- the otfiud of grave-digger be fihus Imposed upon the Waverley council? It would seem rather a subject for: the, attention of the po-: lice, who should compel the fishers to bury, or to at least cart away their own dead. Atoral courage does not seem to go hand In hand with a desire, for popularity at Carring- ton. The municipality is in a tight place be- cuuse many ratepayers won't pay their rates. The Alayor and the aldermen fought for the honour of declining the dishonour of initiating a prosecution; legal advice tried to cut the Gordlan knot by declaring that the Mayor can only proceed niter a special resolution of the council; since then nothing will induce the aldermen to attend. At last advices the Muyor is bringing pressure to bear on the council's" workpeople, declaring that he feels bound, to discharge men \vhen he can't pay them. 'A more trilling quarrel never got boxed up' In a tlnpot. Apparently the only thing that will start the machinery will be a Verdict for debt against the municipality. Another of the groat captains of Industry has gone over In Sir John Fowler, who lived ; out his fourscore years, labouring till the day he died. .His work will llye after htm, monu mental almost as mountains are. The Firth of Forth bridge M-iiWned His fame, a sthudture which fairly dwarfs the suspension bridge of New Yorli Iarbour, and makes' our 'proposed roid-alr road to North Sydney appear a little thing: . A work which stands against all the fury of ' the wild north wind, null the wild, north seas, and which was completed at a cost of less than £3,000,000, and with ho more ostentation or lionst than goes in Australia to spanning a creek. Sir John was essentially a man of deeds, not words. He will always be kindly remembered here as an adviser to the Government in all their great Iron pur chases, and as .an o-ld schoolmate, connection by marriage and ilfe-long friend of our Mr. John Whltton, who, It may be, will also loom larger In the long prospective of things. . The recent death of a married woman after partaking of tinned fish, which hud been kept In the tin some time after the latter had been opened. Is another unfortunate exemplifica tion of tiie deadly dangers, more especially in warm weather, of keeping any tinned foo'd In its. original receptacle. after it has once been opened, and of eating anything, more especi ally fish, which Is In the least degree stale. It has been, proved over and over, again that tin ned foods; perfectly wholesome If turned out upon- delf -and eaten at once, are , aullv? poisons if .permitted to- reniuhi in .the tin for a lew hours. . ; Mr. J. C. Neild's celebrated, old-age pen sion-scheme Is now all ready for Inspection, iind, to use a martial simile, "burnished for -review order." Mr. Held thinks he sees his. Way to stnrt the fund with a trifle of £50,000, or £60,000 even. But, nnd this is Important; only under, certain -contingencies! If Par liament passe? lils taxation proposals Mr. Reid' will' clap dowh the £60,000.' or £60,009 with' a noble generosity— perhaps. But, lh any' ease, Cerberus must have his sop first, and a . pretty large , sop at that. Of course Mr. Reid's latest blandishment Is directed- ,nt the labour party; But If old age should have Its pension, then the country muBt In honour find the' money, whether Air. Reid's taxation, schemes succeed or not: ' Why. should the Premier thus endeavour to drive a- hard bargain with the labour party? i Whenever the cable breaks, or the. system goes out of joint, at North Shore,, the depart ment .telephone across for 'buses,' and', when, tiie 'buses arrive they are expected .to do- tram work,, and ;,the . horses ' suffer ': terribly. Many people prefer walking up the hill to sharing the responsibility of the cruelty to dumb animals, which "Is excused presumably .on the plea of necessity. '' Stute School children have, as they, should have, many friends In -.I'.ie land, and not the least 6f them all Is AIr. Cope'land; who, In Kls fervent desire to ameliorate the conditions of pupilage, suggests punkahs. Punkahs by water, power where practicable, punkahs by hand when the water Is not laid on. An hour at the punkah In a bush school might be a' more effective punishment than a briefer period, under the rod, and thus two ends would -.be- served by the startling but not to be despised Innovation. Those who know most about the conditions of State school . life, particularly of ' the life of -those great city schools, where seven or eight hundred 'children and teachers learn and labour through sweltering summer duys, will be the last to pooh-pooh this idea. Only the pun kah Is out of date. There are several new patent coolirig fans advertised, any one of which would do the work of many punkahs, and at a tithe of the cost. ' Once again may Mr. Reld justifiably wall, ''Save me from my friends!"— that Is, If he considers his journalistic organ a friend. That paper waxes heavily facetious on the subject of the Premier's broken promise concerning police holidays— that promise made by Air. Reld, with almost pathetic seriousness, Im mediately before last general election, and which, by securing him the police vote, secur ed also his return to Parliament. The organ thinkB the Indignation of the police at finding a Premier's promise means nothing quite funny, and jeers at the police supposition that Air. Reld Is "any different sort of individual from the ordinary political genus In this re spect." From which may be gathered the paper glories in Its patron's verbal embroi dery, jocularly promising the police that Mr. Reld will repeat the holiday promise before next election, and repeat his mendacity Im mediately after. What have the police to say? Some difference of Parliamentary know ledge about the alleged delays in paying Go-- vernment contractors serves to emphasise the fact that contracts are not investments. Contractors do not put their money Into railways, or sewerage works, or bridges, in order to live on the interest for the reBt of their natural lives. They lay out their money in order to turn It over quickly with a profit. Often, In these days of under-cutting, the rapidity of the turnover Is the essence of the profit. Delay in payment Is, therefore, both intolerable and unprincipled. To Messrs. Donaldson and Moore, who complained of the delays of the system. Air. Young pleaded ignorance. Minister Young must Inquire and reform. " Air. Sleatli can fairly be complimented on getting his committee of Inquiry Into Rachel Diawson's case. Not merely because of philanthropy, but beca-use, in all matters under the law, the fullest sifting of facts that may tie necessary should be made. In this case the necessity . Is established by the radical and honest differences of opinion that obtain with regard to the facts. To avoid even the semblance of injustice these facts should be sifted, and new ones, if possible, obtained. One should never be squeamlBh about overhauling criminal trials. Justice is robust, any way. Albury is In deadly fear of being poisoned by the malice uforetliought of its municipal council. And with deadly reason — l'or that fearful and wonderful body has determined to destroy the city garbage almost In the . ,. - \ reservoir where the -town's drinking water Is supposed to be sheltered from disease germs of every" kind. The citizens,, fortified by me dical authority, refuse to regkrd reservoirs as laboratories for the cultivation of typhoid, diphtheria, plague and other baccllll. For tified by law they are appealing to-the Board of Health. Thank Heaven there Is a 'Board of Health! After squashing the freak of the Albury municipality the board should take steps to discover the bacillus of muhlclpal in eptitude. After that it can make cultivations and distribute serum, Atr ahilcable -settlement at the Joadja shale mine has put an end to a curious, rather than, serious, .dispute between 'the A.K.O. and M. Company .and forty men. . Tho 'men. struck a fortnight ago, and one can hardly wonder at It,, as the company, It would appear, tried to recoup themselves for the fail lit the de mand for Inferior shale by clapping an arbi trary 25 per cent; on to the tare of the shale skips. The method may have been just under i the circumstances, but It was too rough and ready to be understood without exploitation; '. Besides which, It Is a bad precedent for one of the parties to a contract to alter It by au Imperial ulcase. The men are:always as de pendent as the owqers on thevalue of the out- , put. But that is a' strong reason why no change . In their industrial relations should be made without mutual discussion, in the interests of both. . There is no. , other-iwny of keeping peace. : Vi- ) " - In reply (to a question put to him by Atr.' Quinh last inlghti touching the probable fate of the "Newspaper 'Defamation Bill; Mr. Hold hoped, lie said, lu his airy manner, to be able to deal with it in. the present session, but made the reservation that, If there was ally prolonged debate about it, lie would simply, have to let dt go Into next session. But, surely, debate or no debate, a ' measure sb important,' so long ' promised, so nrgently nceded in the causes . of progress and common justice, should be . passed, and can be passed, if -the Government really mean to pass; It. At the present mo ment the antique 'legislation on Ihe. blibjeut obtaining lu thlB pi'Ovlnce Is a disgrace to. civilisation. The "Wyalong railway ought to lmye been running three years ago, and would have been haft our legislators and Railway. Lom- mlsbtonera formed any fair Idea of the ca pabilities of the field and district. " Stranfee that the "Works Committee could not get an understanding OiE the true facts of the case, that the Railway Commissioners couid not see the unmlstakenble opportunity of a pro fitable extension of the railway system of the .colony,! But stranger still the reasons .which the Minister for Works renders for' the long delay. Barmedman and Temora objected, but now that a line from another point and by, another route is suggested Barmedman and Temora havo come round. . Barmedman and Temora against the progress of a great- new gold field, and the welfare of the colony, and neither, the . WorkB Committee nor the commissioners could discover the cause. The official mind all the world over has-a natural tendency - to become bureaucratic. It does not like to move out of a well- defined groove, and frequently manifests an exag gerated regard for. ancient localities and habitations. The Railway Commissioners are perhaps slightly afflicted with these offi cial Idiosyncrasies. There 'is that tram eoke- shed. at Centennial Park. At various times, and by various persons, tlie' commissioners have been entreated to remove that mdeous eyesore, which defaces the park, fills the - human eye with coke dust, is In toe way of everybody, and fulfils no useful purpose.- But no; the coke-shed has been some time In Its present position, ; the commissioners have been accustomed to see it there, have, looked upon It as one of their works, and found it good— and— there It shall remain! Now our only hope is an earthquake— earthquakes early and often. Or in the revivified common- , sense of itlie commissioners. They recently caught a ghost tit Conning- ton, Perth, W.A., educated that ghost with a promiscuous paling; and let .him go. No edu- catlonary process could possibly lie so per fect, as far as it went, as that paling. But why -let the dangerous. idiot go? It is com prehensible that the captors' of the ghost, fearing tlie law's delays and uncertainties, determined to make sure that the ghost should have a measure of justice. But that administered, the law might sureljr have been trusted to give the ghost further lesson. The pitiful thing who attempts the ghost diversion merits mercy of no sort. He may frighten others to death or deprive them of reason, and, if he gets killed while pursuing his ne farious amusement, the world is the better, for the joss. Bishop Thornton, of Baliarat, has been out pouring the vlalc of his wrath upon the Aus tralian person— on the Victorian pirson only, we might' have hoped, had not the Anglican dignitary of Baliarat undertaken a synopsis or the Australian character as a Whole, The Australian, always according to Bishop Thornton, Is a lost Individual, lost here and hereafter. . No section of him has any good In him. Hoi scandalously underpays his mi nisters of religion; Australian town life is "stained deep vvltl) Intemperance, profanity, and lust, terrible to record, even afnohg chil dren." Theft and unchastlty are rife In the bush. Commercial life is but robbery; "the tone of the bar Is unbocqmmlng, the lan guage of our Legislative Chambers often de grading. ' But why pursitel the catalogue of these our alleged vices? Two questions pre sent themselves: Is Bishop Thornton an alto gether reltabta witness, and, if he 1h, what has the church been cTolng In Australia -that such an awful state of affairs exists? Christmas is Just as near -to Alelbourne nB to Sydney, and the Parliament sitting in that city is Just as anxious as our own, probably, , to get Into recess. And yet private business und domestic legislation Is pushed througn there with a vigour which should be exem plary. Last night four Important measures were passed on their secoud or third readings, the most Important," perhaps, the Melbourne Electric Lighting Loan Bill, which enables the City Council to borrow a quarter of :i million for the purpose of buying out the various electric light plants now in private hands, and making the supply of the city one great municipal concern. This bill paBBed Its second reading, and in all probability will be law before the session closes. Yet here our Premier met the proposal to urge on a very necessary, measure of municipal reform with an "Impossible!" And the Idea of the City Council taking the lighting of the city Into Its own hands on modern lines is aivay amongst tlie nebulous things. . M. Paul de C'assagnac, French journalist and social filibuster, is what- some American described as "many different kinds of ass un der one skin." . This stormy petrel of journal ism, who Is never quite content unless filling the public' eye, and is not at all particular as to the method he chooses of satisfying his morbid craving for notoriety, urgeH his Go vernment to revive the right of privateering, and thus offer a menace to the commerce of I Great Britain. -M. de 'CaHsaghao falls to re-t member : tlm£, If' the 'French dovernment fnls lowed hiH advice, nil Europe -would probably. Jump upon France, arid that It would take far smarter ships than France poBBesses to cope with 'Britain's qedan gi'eyhouiids of the mer cantile marinW. Tlie World: has gone ahead since -the days of the Alabama — but Paul dq Cassagnae lias not gone with ltl ' , Two more flushes of heroism to light up thel old flag, One comes from, the disastrous wreck of the Mohegun,. and the other from, the gallant rescue of ' all . bauds from th burning ship Telena. The story of the Mohe- gan, shattered on the ManacleB, is tragic as thrilling, and only the perfect dlsctplln and noble self-sacrifice of the men, and thq pluck unfl endurance of the young lady front Baltimore rescue It from those episodes whlelj must be read, but arc better not remembered, The loss of life was appalling, and the shock given to the commonly held idea of Immunity, from risk lit sen Is severe. But In the Telen1 case splendid seamanship, pluak and enduf rnnce snatched every, life from the jaws' of death. And In the one case and the otliee the parent flag and Its star-spangled off-; spring wave over nil concerned. The fact thilt the dreaded bubonic plague has reached Delagoa Bay, South Africa, mayj possibly tend to shake the confidence of our own health authorities regarding the improi 'bability of the plague reaching Australia. It seems tolerably .evident that the disease re spects neither persons nor places, and that| despite any precautions, It may find its way even to New South Wales. The most that the local Board of Health can do Is to bo thoroughly prepared to meet the grim visi tant, should it oome here. It may he asked whether all our erstwhile slums are kept In such sanitary condition as to warrant the supposition that, even, if the malady ap peared, It oouid soon be stamped out. There used to ho some unsavoury dens in and adja cunt to the; city. TliOy are all swept and garnished now, we presume; The remarks of the late Sir George Grey, touehing the proposal to erect a marble sta tue to tlie great pro-consul-at Auckland, were characterised by -tlint sly humour for which Sir George was famous.' He was possibly philosopher enough to understand two mat ters— Uqiv soon a great man is forgotten, and liow little a statue can do to perpetuate his memory. ' I-Ie also seems 'to have had in mind the aot of vandalism perpetrated in thlB city when the statue of a certain celebrated man of letters was hauled down to make room for tlie statue of a statesman. Sir George also seems to have realised the forlorn aspect of a marble statue after exposure to the ele ments. If lie must be thus honoured, why — give him bronze. Perhaps he reflected that 'the Aucklanders' esteem for their benefactor was not likely to run to the cost of the metul named, and that he might thus escape the graven-Image business altogether. 