TOWN TALK Our Melbourne letter, together with other matters of interest, will be found od the first page of the paper. In another column we give from "The "Wide "World" one of Iiouis de Rouge' mont's (the Cannibal Chief) " tall" Australian yarns, entitled, "TheDreaded Octopus." The local Chamber of Commerce is sparing no effort to impress on the department the desirability of having dredging done on both sides of the rail' way pier at the shore end, so as to provide accommodation for two extra vessels during the wheat season, the immediate prospects for a bountiful yield of grain being most promising. Yesterday Mr Conran and Mr Edward Bechervaise, representing the chamber, had an inter view with an officer of the Customs department, who gave them the assurance that dredging would be undertaken in the vicinity of the railway pier, but nothing definite was elicited in respect to the time of the visit of a dredge. It was urged by the chamber representatives that, failing the John Nimmo, arrange ments should he made by the department to send another dredge to Geelong, but the departmental officer did not commit himself either way on this point. Mr Conran is to see the Ministerial head of the department on the subject to-day, and it is to be hoped that the Minister will recognise the reasonableness of hav ing the dredging completed before the wheat season arrives. The Postal department yesterday noti fied Mr Bechervaise, the secretary of the local Chamber of Commerce and Manu factures, that the rate of subscription to the Telephone Exchange will be reduced from the 1st October next to £7 per annum, instead of £8. Since the estab lishment of the Geelong Chamber of Commerce the telephone subscription ha3 been reduced from £10 to £7 per annum, members of the chamber have advocated the reduction of this rate to £6 per annum. The chamber is still persistently agitating in the matter of penny postage within the town honndaries, and hopes, with the assistance of the Press, to gain its point. There was a little briskness attached to the shipping business of the port yester day. Daring the day the steamer Federal, which discharged a large quantity of coal at the railway jetty, took np a temporary berth at the Moorabool-street pier, where she una loaded 141 pipes of tallow. These will ha taken to Melbourne by the Excelsior this morning for transhipment to Sydney. The huge pile of chaff on the Yarra-street wharf is to he shipped to Sydney and Newcastle this week by the steamers Era (Messrs W. Howard Smith and Sons) and Anglian (Messrs Huadart, Parker and Co.) Our Drysdale correspondent writes:— " An incident which, under different circumstances, might have had a very melancholy ending,happenedhereonTues day afternoon. A boy between four and five years old, son of Mr James Anderson, fell into an underground water tank, nearly full of wafer. His mother saw him fall, and, with a scream, instantly plunged after him. Being au active, strong woman, and an expert swimmer, she managed to grasp the child, and keep herself and him afloat until a ladder was lowered, and they were both rescued, little the worse for their drenching, beyond the fright. Mrs Anderson's heroic conduct deserves the highest corns mendation. Many women would not have had the presence of mind or the courage to act as she did, hut have stood screaming for help while the child was drowning. This is a very pertinent object lesson on the necessity and utility of our_cbiIdren being taught to swim, and on the culpability of leaving snch tanks uncovered. It should he mentioned that the tank was on a neighbor's pre mises." v The season of the Haygarth's London Comedy Company was brought to a close at the Exhibition Theatre last evening, when a fairly numerous audience was entertained for two and a half hours with the mirth provok ing incidents of " The Private Secretary." It was a difficult undertaking for' Mr Ash too King to follow Mr Frank Thornton in the role of the Her. Kohert Spalding, tut ho did so with considerable success, and' the other characters were very creditably sustained, the audience being kept in a state of continuous hilarity. ~ - The sale of work promoted by the ladies' work party associated with St. Paul's parish was continued yesterday afternoon and even ing in the Recreation Club hall. The atten dance was rather better than on the opening night. Pianoforte selections were contributed during the evening by Misses Brown and i Dixon, and vocal solos .were pleasingly interpreted by Miss Hammerton and M iss Tannock, whilst the enjoyment of the even ing was considerably increased by the presentation of a number of first-class tableaux, under the superintendence of Misses Pincott and Sadler and Mr T. Moore. Tne nnt guessing competition was won by Mrs Dr Small, and in the word puzzle competition Miss F. Hillier was first, and Master R. "Wilson second. Tho candle com petition was not decided last evening, the candle not having burnt out. Tho articles remaining unsold at 10 o'clock were disposed of by auction, Mr T. Mooro wielding the hammer. Asocial gathering of an agreeable character was hold at the Aberdeen-street Baptist ; lecture ball on Tuesday evening in connee- ' tion with tbn celebration of the church auniversary. The assemblage was under the presidency of the pastor, the Rev. Allao t Webb, whose lecturette, entitled "Eccentric 1 preachers," proved extremely entertaining, j A number of interesting records were repro-1 daced through the agency of the gramaphonc by MrH.Hitchcock,andaprogramnisofvocal j and instmmental items was contributed ss j under : Daets (piano and violin', the llisss Tonng; recitations, Misses May Tines aad Janes ; song, " The Pilot," Mr H. Webb ; song, "Promise of life," Miss Hodgkiia ; song. Miss Ruth Potter ; song. " A Say moming," Miss Alice Harris. Sapper was handed ronnd before the close of the even ing's entertainment. / A formal meeting of the creditors ic the insolvent estate of George Strickland, of Meredith, was held yesterday afternoon, hefore Mr D. P. M'Grath, chief clert. 2fo debts were proved, and the estate was left in the hands of the official assignee. The St. Mary's C.Y.M. Society, sssistea by leading lady amateurs, will produce the romantic Irish drama, "The ColleenBawn," in the Exhibition Theatre on Monday even ing, and the proceeds are to be divided between the society and St. Augustine's Orphsnage, which is greatly in need or monetary assistance at the present time. The several satisfactory rehearsals of the drama which have taken place point to a highly successful performance on Monday evening, and the cast of characters has been well allotted. . Daring the action of the piece songs and dances will he rendered,- and the incidental music will he interpreted hy Graves' orchestra, under the direction of Mr J. Richardson. The prices of admission are 3s, 2s, and one shilling. The magistrates in attendance at the police court yesterday had a brief session. A man and a woman charged with drunkenness were let off with a caution, and the defendant m a fraud summons case was fined 20s, with costs, for neglecting to come up for exami nation, his written excuse to the efleet that he had not been provided with sufficient conduct money being regarded as trivial. A meeting of ail interested in the success of the forthcoming charities fete will he hold this evening at the office of Mr A. J. Yonng, in Malop-street. The committee has made arrangements for the representation of the various friendly societies, sporting clnhs, and trade organisations at the meeting, but those who may have been overlooked in the issue of circulars to that effect are cordially invited to attend in order that .the preparation for the fete may be as complete as possible. In the Legislative Assembly at Perth on Tuesday last a discussion took place cm the alleged breach of privilege by the Kalgoorlio " Miner " in publishing a telegram from its Perth correspondent alleging that a fistic encounter had taken place between Mr George, M.L.A.. and the Minister of "Works, in the Assembly grounds, and that this counter attraction was responsible for a count-out of the Assembly. Members characterised the statement as an invention. On the motion of the Premier, it was decided to prosecute the publishers and proprietors of the Kalgoorlie " Miner" before the Supreme Conrt, in accordance with the local statute, and it was also decided to take steps to dis cover the identity of the local correspondent responsible for the telegram, with a view to his prosecution and expulsion from the press gallery. _ At the meeting 01 the Board of Viticulture on Tuesday a resolution was passed, at the instance of Mr Kavanagb, urging the Go vernment to assist in establishing agencies tor Victorian wines in Europe. .Special reference was made to the success that had followed the opening of the depot in London by the Government of South Australia, where the products of that colony were sold. It was stated by Mr Buckley, of Kutherglen, that the quantity of South Australian wine sold in England had considerably increased since the opening of that depot. A ghost sitting on a rail fence was seen at Hamilton recently before the show. Since the show the ghost has been invisible, and this (writes the " Spectator ") may be, in some occult way, the explanation of another and deeper mystery. The committee of the Hamilton P. and A. Society have been seriously pondering over a statement that there were from 600 to 1000 more people at the show this year than last, but they cannot reconcile the' estimate of.an increased attend ance with a decrease of £13 in the receipts. The discrepancy has been worrying the committee, and the explanation "that the turnstiles were working badly has not been received with satisfaction, for, though a turnstile may work badly, it is not in tho direction of letting a person throngh without paying. The other idea that there are 600 folk in Hamilton so mean that they got over the fence rather than pay to see the show is too absurd to he considered for a momoDt. Of conrse if the estimate of the attendance be correct, tben the loss to the society would be over £30 instead of £13. However, as the show fades into the limbo of forgotten things the estimate of the attendance may be gradu ally modified, especially when some hats fit their owners' heads as of yore. A minimum wage for the clergy of the Church of England was proposed on Tuesday at the meeting of the Church Assembly by Mr W. E. Morris, the registrar of the diocese, who moved the second reading of a hill to amend the Patronage Act. The new principle in the amending hill was contained in a clause which set forth that no clergy man in charge of a parish should be paid a smaller stipend than £300 a year, and that if the parish were unable to contribute that amount the balance should he taken from the diocesan funds, whilo the defaulting parish should he debarred from exercising a voice in the selection of their minister. The clergy generally were, as might have been expected, cordial supporters of the measure, but when the trained judicial intellects of Mr Justice Hodges and Jndge Molesworth were brought to tear upon the proposal (writes the " Argus") several defects were brought to light. Mr Jnstice Hodges waxed indignant at the suggestion that a parish should be punished for their poverty hv being deprived of a voice in the selection of their minister, and urged that a procedure of election which had been decided upon as calculated to give the best results Ehould not be discarded simply because a congregation were not. wealthy enough to make up £300 a year for their minister. _ The debate was adjourned until the following day. In an interview with a representative of the London "Daily Hews" M. de Bouge mont stales that when he emerged from the wilderness and Eought help from the French consul, in Melbourne, he found he had nearly forgotten his nativa language, and doubts were cast upon his story. According to his statement, do Kongemenr was cast awav in the early sixties, and it was 30 years after when he came back to civilisation and inter viewed tho French consul, which would fix that event at about four or five years ago. M. Dejardin, the present consnl for France, has occupied the position for tho last 10 years, and he etates (writes the "Argus ") that he has no recollection of any such man calling upon him, thongh ho has seen the portrait in the " Wide World," nor had he, prior to the publication of the magazine, heard anything of his story. .Becords of all consular inter views are kept at the consulate, but it does not contain the name of de Bougemont- M. Dejardin has a vivid recollection of one romancer—the notorious de Beaumont—but no other. It is not a very rare thing for pressmen at the Supreme Court to notice a witness on being sworn, kiss bis tLumb instead of the Bible; the idea in his mind apparently being that the Bible is not in a no sit ion to be kissed and that the number of lips which have been applied to it renders 'it undesirable that it Bhould come into close contact with his. The act, from a court point of view, is an im proper one. . In tho mother colony lately a witness kissed her thumb instead of the hook, and the magistrate who presided stopped the ease to inquire the reason. What Teason the witness gave is not stated, bnt the magis trate said he had come to the conclusion that in snch cases witnesses did not feel them selves bound by the solemnity of tho oath if they did not actually touch tho Bible with their lips, and felt themselves at liberty to give false evidence if they saw fit. Ho caused the witness to be re-sworn, and saw that she kissed the book. As Bibles are among the cheapert books, courts might be kept supplied with them in wholesome con dition, so that witnesses might not feel they were objectionable, and so be induced to evade that necessary part of an oath—the kissing of the Bible. A Tuesday's Adelaide message to the " Argus " says :—"This morning Charles George, a married man, aged SO, -"shot him self with a revolver. He had quarrelled with his family on the previous night, and had invited thorn all to breakfast on the following morning, when he said there would be blood spilt. As he had previously threatened them with violence, they stayed away, and he shot himself." A complimentary picnic, tendered by Mr J. J. Trait, the president of the Geclong Cycling Clnb, to the memheis of the clnb ! and a number of lady and gentlemen well- I wishers of cycling, took plnec yesterday nttbe I Wellington, and proved a source of consider- I able enjoyment to those participating in the festivities of the occasion. A large section of ' the gu<'sN was conveyed to the picnicking [ result in a drag, and the remainder, com prising an equal number of both sexes, I accomplished the journey on wheel. Appetis- j ing refreshments, served at the WalUngton ■ Hotel, were partaken or with zest by the party, and the health of the president was 1 cordially honored at the instance of Mr J- » Baker, the captain of the club. A. couple of group photographs of the company were ; taken by a photographer in attendance. The j day's enjoyment vas wound np with a dance j which took place on the hotel premises. j The " Warracknabeal Herald " of Tnes- \ day writes :—*' The following were the { quotations at the local mills yesterday :— Wheat. 2s 4d per bushel; bran, 9d ; pollard. 9d : and floor, 17s per bag." { The rain (writes the Warracknabeal Herald ") just seems to come this season at the very time when it is wanted, and the showers of rain which fell on Tuesday will greatly help the late crops; many of which were beginning to look as if they could do with a little moisture. Th»y will "now have a fresh start and will be able to get along all I right again for a while. As showing the importance of the Techni > cal Education movement, the Government ot the forthcoming Greater Britain and Paris Exhibitions. The secretary of the Gordon College has received a notification from the Education department asking the council to select work executed by college students for the exhibition. Contributors to this column must sot unduly encroach upon our space. Unless re ports are written in brief, and on one ride of the paper, only, there is always a danger of their rejection. No announcements of events to take place are admissible unless they refer to advertisements in another column. Corres pondence forwarded for jmblication must state whether it has. l»een sent in duplicate to any other newspaper. All letters must bear the name and address of the writer, not neces sarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Messrs Hendy, Leaiy and Co. are advertised to sell, by auction, on Saturday, 8th October, the late .Mr M'Gullick's cottage and land in Laird-place, Geelong West. For particulars of other properties advertised by this firm see advertisement. The usual meeting of the Germ an town Im provement Association was held last Monday in the Wesleyan schoolroom. There was a good attendance, and the president (Mr J. R. Tuffs) presided. Mr C- Toss was admitted to membership. The subject for the evening was Essays," and the following members read very interesting papers." viz., E. Ellis, G. Liptrott, F. Aldxidge. H. Renzow and the president. Mr H. F. Richardson notifies his sale of farm, dairy, and orchard produce this day, including special lines as advertised. There was a very large attendance at the meeting of the Waurn Ponds Debiting Society held on Monday .evening, September 19th. Two nominations were received for member ship. A syllabus up to November 14th in the next quarter was formed, and it was resolved that the society, after that date, go into recess for the summer months. The syllabus item for the evening was a lecture on " Our defence forces," by Mr R. Wallis. This gentleman, on the "Magazine night " of last quarter, had favored the society with a paper on the subject, which was much appreciated, and proved of such interest to the members that Mr "Wallis, at the request of the society, promised at some future time to deliver a lecture on the subject. The lecturer, who was at one time in the service himself, traced the history of our defence forces (as far as time 1 would permit) from very early times. A hearty 1 vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer. The 35th annual meeting of subscribers to the Gealong Homcconathic Dispensary will be held at the dispensary, in Ryrie-street, to tnnrrnTT otantnir ?»♦ T morrow evening at 7.30 o'clock. ^ Open courts for the revision of the burgess lists of the several wards of the town will be held at the time ahd places as advertised else where. 