CHAPTEK XXIV. I.f the Niour Time. k il st| returnin g to t h el u a s tl e, 0 r i a thought over what had just 'If hapjioned, and felt moved with a misery such as she had not suffered for months. For this conversation brought back with startling vividness the tragedy of Philip's death, the remembrance of the suspicion she had attached to the luau she loved, the recollection of the almost unendurable terrors from which she hud suffered so long. Moreover, she believed that Foulsham associated her _ with u terrible crime. There was no mistaking his meaning, if or were his surmises unreasonable. He had heard her cry out, he had seen her hurry away that momorable night, and like all who knew her, he was aware that later on she had lost none of the udTantagca that a marriage with Philip would have secured her. All that was plain ; what remained obscure was whether Foulsham considered ltigel, who had profited so much by Philip's death, had connived at' it, leaving her to act.' This insidious doubt roused all her nervous fears afresh, .and served as a theme for increased self-torture. " Foulsham seemed honest; hut how long would he remain so ? He had taken an oath to keep silent, hut would he some day break it ? If he failed to prosper abroad would he return to haunt her, to menace, to demand ? The wonder was that others—game keepers or labourers, those who by accident or occupation had been in the park that night—had not' seen her. For all she knew someone else had watched her, and would in time start forward to accuse her. There was really no security for her so long as life lasted; she daily walked upon a mine that might explode at any moment. She was haunted by. a thousand threatening thoughts, that bewildered her until her pulse throbbed at fever pitch, and she began to experience that sickly, numbing pain that. of old had frequently attacked her head. From the moment Foulsham spoke she bad resolved to give him' all she possessed. Eigel had settled on her a thousand a year, which she was free to spend as she pleased. On hcr houeympon his excessive generosity prevented her from touching this sum, which would still he to her credit in full if her brother hud not borrowed from her. She had yet some seven hundred pounds left, and this she would hand to Foulsham. Though it would lessen her nervous dreads to tell Eigel what had taken place, yet she determined to keep it secret from him, for she knew it would distress him, and she feared he would not allow her to remain uuder suspicion even at the risk of confessing what really had happened. And that must never be known. She would declare herself guilty rather than allow him to suffer, for she loved him dearer than her life. At dinner that night she was without appetite, her pallor was noticeable, and it was with difficulty she subdued her nervousness. The party consisted of herself and Eigel, his aunt, and lady George Sedgemoor. 'I have had a letter to-day,' said Lady Trentham, whilst the soup was being served, ' from that erratic creature Dr. Bickersteth, who tells.- me he has returned to town, where at present there are very few of his friends, so that he doesn't quite know what to do with himself.' ' Why not ask him to come and stay here?' Eigel suggested. '■If it -were agreeable to Oriana, I should,. much. like to -invite ' him,' answered the countess, with her. win ning smile, v ■ '. 'My dear aunt,' said the hostess, ' you know how pleased we should bo to welcome auy frieud of yours.' ' That is most kind of you, my dear, and "I will certainly ask him. Higel has already met him; he is oil old friend of Lady George, and I'm sure you will find him very interesting.' ; ' He is what I call decidedly breezy,' remarked the society entertainer. ' And fluw the question arises,' Lady Trentlmiu said, addressing tiriann, 'as to where you jw-ill put him; for though he is a bachelor—poor man—it will seeui comfortless to send him away to the bachelor's quarters where he would have none of his species for neighbours.' 'There is the great tapestry room at the eiul of the corridor,1 replied Oriona. ' Yes, as he has nerves of iron, I dare say lie will not object to sleeping in a haunted room.' •A haunted room?' repeated Oriona, full of iutcrost. 'I never heard it had a ghostly character,' said ltigel, who. strove to conceal his seriousness under cover of a smile. ~ . ' *' ' Ah, you have yet to leom all the family traditions; You might >as. well expect an old place like ♦•this' to : b« without ivy as to. be without, a ghost/ answered Lady Trcntham. ' ' Have you seen liim ?'asked Oriana, breathlessly, her. eyes full of. eagerness. ' If I lmd, my dear, I should not be here'; the flight would have killed me. When I 'was a girl I always ran past the door of the room.' • You really believed in liim ?' Lady George said in surprise.1 'I respected him as an ancient tradi tion,' the countess answered evasively. . 'How delighted Mrs. Ford Childer bert would he to meet him.' ' "Why does he haunt this room in particular ?' questioned Higel. ' because it was there he poisoned his brother, to whose title and estates he succeeded.' ltigel felt a cold thrill pass through him, whilst Oriana held her breath, her anxiety preventing her from further questioning the countess. ' 1 will point out his portrait in the gallery to-morrow,' continued Lady Trcntham. ' He looks remarkably handsome, and somewhat wicked. Per haps it was for both reasons he became a favourite with Queen Elizabeth, and it is said that like many others he spent more money on her than he ever received from her. At'all events he was deeply in debt and was falling into discredit at court'when it' occurred to him. that he might enrich Himself by poisoninsj his elder brother, "who yraa unmarried. The dose was given him in his beer one morning as he lay in bed, by the younger brother who; with locked door, listened to his agonies until the cud came. He died himsell within a year, and in that same room, which giew to have » horrible fascina tion for hiiu, and ever since he is said to haunt it. My nurse would never be persuaded that she had not. seen him.' [TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEES,} 