SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1898. THE PROPOSED ALLUVIAL ENQUIRY. Iv early a monta ago Mr. vosper moved in the House that the whole of the papers and correspondence in con- nection, with tiie recent alluvial trouble be hud upon the table. This proposal was vigorously opposed by the Govern- ment, with the result that the -motion had to be modified, and a portion only of the documents required, placed at the disposal of the House. About a, j fortnight back Mr. F. C. Monger moved, that a select -committee- be appointed, to enquire into tile "alleged hardships" suffered by the Ivanhoe Venture Com pany. Thiß motion was carried without dissent. On Wednesday evening last Mr. Vosper moved that a similar en- quiry be held into the case of the im- prisoned alluvial diggers. Just before this motion was proposed, Mr. Lefroy presented the papers demanded by Mr. Vosper fully a month ago. They were then, of course, too bate to be of any .value to the debate. The resolution for an enquiry was strenuously opposed by the Government, and when Mr. Vosper forced a division only three members-Messrs. Leake, Illingworth, and Kenny--voted with him. ? -, * * * _ * ] All these events have their signifi- cance. The refusal to produce certain! correspondence show that there is something to conceal-something pro- bably which would show the complicity of the Government with the alluvial outrage in too glaring colors. In the minds of those who remember the course of events at that time, there exists no j doubt that the decision of the war-j dens concerned were manufactured in | Perth. These so-called magistrates! were , to all intents and purposes, the j creatures and instruments of Mr.! Wittenoom. If not, why were the let-j ters refused to representatives of the people ? If there be nothing to con- j ceal, why attempt to conceal it? Even! the very depositions were delayed in such a manner aa to render their ulti- mate production practically valueless. The fact is that there has been some very doubtful work over the late at- tempt at wholesale robbery and con- fiscation, and the Ministry dare not ex- pose the documentary evidence any 'more than they finally dared to per- severe in their attempts to plunder and oppress the alluvial population. * * * * The easy passage of the motion of Mr. Monger through the House has also itfs significance. This indicates that so far as companies are concerned they have only to ask to receive. Let any private aggrieved person apply for re- dress or assistance to the Government,; and they will db everything in their power to baulk his efforts. Let a gang of Doodlers or company-mongers apply and the portals of favor as well as the gates of justice are thrown open to them. Witness the inauguration of this last enquiry. Observe and re- member the fact that the Hainault-Act was rushed through both Houses within 24 hours, and that it was only by the most strenuous exertions that- the Min- istry could be induced to grant even nominal compensation to the unfortu- nate prospectors whose privileges, con- ferred by the miner's right, they sought to destroy. * * * * ' Of course, such favors cannot be ex- tended to the alluvial man. If he suf- fers injustice, let him grin and bear it Above all, do not permit the ghosts of the dirty deeds of the past to rise up out of their graves and mow and gib- ber at the Ministry. Better that every digger in this country should rot in gaol than that a hair of our suner sacred Ministry should fall- And what makes matters worse is that a servile and debased Parliament hag endorsed !the underhand proceedings of tie Gov- ernment. Only Messrs. Vosper, Illing- worth, and Kenny could be found to vote on the side of even-handed justice, and free and open enquiry. Everyone else then present voted for concealment. Let every miner in the country read down the list of those who refused him justice : - Noes. Sir John Forrest Mr. Pennefather Forrest Lefroy Locke Higham George Holmes Hassell Solomon Wallace Monger Piesse Venn Wilson (teller) Hall Wood Kingsmill Conolly Ewing Let every democrat in the colonj treasure up and remember these namei and when the time comes for his ''yes' or "no" to be worth something, let hil answer to his pretensions - and persua sions be an emphatic "no" likewise. * * *' * - As for the Government we are' quit* content to leave them in the positioi they have assumed. They have deli beraiely set forth to the world tba their conduct over the alluvial affai bas been so unspeakable that they dar« not let the light of day in upon it They have further set forth to their o wi utter condemnation that while they ar ever ready with the public purse am their Own capacious ear for the syndi cator and the money-bags, they ar quite prepared to deny common justia and open fair play to the digger. Ver well ; tiiey have assumed the respons bility of such a situation ; let them su fer the consequences. These event should have at least one good effectt they should teach the workers of tl goldfields that no inattar how man bribes and cops the Government ma be willing to grant local political hud sters, it is useless for them to look 1 the Government for justice. May the remember this and act accordingly. 