GEi NERALJ NEW&8 Mb. W.: T. Btead writing of Bismarok considers it the one redeeming point in his character " that he believed in ghoets I and believed in God." Mr. Stead concludes his article on Bis marck with a question which has a beginning but no end ! A disastrous fire occurred on Wed. nesday in the contra of the business portion of Alexandra, Victoria, Several iarge buildings were.destroyed, the loss being partially covered by in ' ranoe. The eixty- seond anuniversary of the proclaniation of South Australia was celebrated on WeVdneday at Holdfast Bay, with the thermometer up to 100; in the shado. The majority of groore in PFrio have yielded to the demands of their men for a reduction of the hours of work to twelve a day. Hereafter the foreign consuls in Crete will act as counsellore to Prinoo George, the new Governor. It is ioared that this arrangement will not eonduce to harmony. Oflioore in India who chow asn apti tude for acquiring the Chineco lan guage will be allowed a year's leavo of absounoo to study the language at Pekin. Those who pans a eutisfacto:y examination in the language at th3r and of their leave will reocive £10, A furious gale has swept over the greater part of the United Kingdom, doing much damage, both inland and on the coast. The Channeuol paokete were compelled to cease running during the height of the gale. Advices from Weoot Africa report that the Fronch are encroaching upon Liberian territory, the negro ropublio on tbo Gold Coabt. The duel which wan being arranged between Dr. Horanuzly, president of the National party in the IHungarian Diet, and Baron BUnfly, the premier, has been abandoned, owing to Dr. Ioranzhy insisting that the cooondo should insert a protocol in the con ditions which was hold to be insulting to the premier'o honor. The man who recently made an attack on the British Embassy at Washington and who- onbeaquently os. caped from a lunatic asylum, has been recaptured. He doolares that he ia sano, and that in his attack on the Embassy he acted deliberately, beliov uig that Bir Julian Pauncefoto was interfering inl American politics. Seventy Senators of the United States Congrous are in favour of the ratification of the treaty of peace ro contly concluded with Spain, and ton are opposed to it. France is rapidly constructing artil lery capable of firing 20 shots per minute, A fierce duel has been fought at Algiers betweon, M. Piocrd, a journal ist, and M., eogio, mayor of the city, who was recently declared in the French chamber of deputies to have been reeponeiblo for the anti-Semitic disturbances in Algier,. M. Picard was badly wounded, Spanish papers complain that the *Ix.dsGiJ'gadhJ ; ecofsextnoegioer. Her Majoesty the Queen has sent a letter to Mr. Henniker Heaton, M,P., expressiug eincero satisfaction with his efforts in conncetion with imperial penny postageo. A resident of Cayenne reports that Droyfna was unmoved by the newe of the revision of his sentonce. Ho is mentally enfoobled and depressed. It is expected that he will suil from Cayenne for Franoo on January 8. A horrible murder, committed under circumltanoeo similar to those of the " Jack the Ripper " orimes, has been perpetrated in Vienna. The Ituoeian Government has failed to place the loan of 00,000,000 dollars with American banlers. Many of the offendero who took a minor part in the Milan riots have boen granted an amnesty. The public cent a quarter of a million posntards , to the Italian Government asking for the release of those convicted of hav ing taken part in the riote. The Austrian Government has ox proesed regret to Germany for the speech of the premier, who declared that if Germany continued to expel the Poles and the Czechs Austria would take retaliatory measuresoo. A largo canuofire wen burning on Wednesday afternoon a few miles out of Lismoro. It was expected that a crop of twenty nores the property of an Indian would le destroyed. Early on Wedunesday evening a young man named Robert IHyolop fell aroon tlhe rails whilst engaged shunt ing at the Cobar railway.atelion, and was hilled. At theo North Sydney police court on Wedneostday regret wae expressed on behalf of the membera of the logal profession at the early retirement from the bonch of Mr. G. W. F. Addison, B.M. l'roeident Krugeor has oppointed a commission to inquire into the alleged brutal treatment of numbers of Capo "boys" by the Boor police. A leouter's telegram from Manila, the capital of thie Philippino Ielandsl, states Lthat the Filipino congross has adjourned, having been unable to agree upon a couslitution. The cabinet has resigned, and Mabini, an irrevoneilnble, is endeavouring to form a government. Agusinldo has fled to Cavilt, fearing aneaouination. 