NOTES OF 'I'M I.; DAY. The Premler has introduced a Bill I Into Parliament to increase the fees paid to jurors. This is a very satis factory move for the jurors, but the people, who will derive the greatest benefit from the measure will be the judges. Now, these learned gentry can safely open a court without fearing the inundation pf letters from medical men, stating that Mr Smith could not possibly attend, because he was suf fering from all the diseases known to medical science. The Increased pay if it is increased sufficiency, can be relied upon to render the average? juror in a sufficiently good state of health to attend. But talking about jurors' excuses reminds me of an incident which took plage before a my severe judge in New South Wales. When he took the bench, one juror was an nounced to be absent, and he was fined ,A tew minutes afterwards he 5Tri^2^^nd the iudf®> in his most dignified tone, asked. ^What. has kept you late, sir ?" "To tell you the truth yer hQflor, there was an addition to my family this morning." 'Til let you oft this time," said the judge re laxingly, "but don't let it occur again." Mr Philp seen« to have excused the Government for having no railway pol ley by reading a long list of asked for railways, totalling 2,917 miles, and al leged to cost £25.000,000. This Is rather transparent fooling ; to swell the total an old boom ghost such ai the via recta, 63 miles. Is revived, and ••L6® ;l Clermont to Bavenswood, £88 miles, l*ura to Maytown, 45 miles Townsville to Ingham, 66 miles, some where to Nanango, 100 miles, and other lines connecting unheard of Southern places, are dragged in. Then there are hosts of "cockspurs" such as Encgeera to Terror's Creek, and lines that no one dreams of^ts witness Rock hampton to Mackay, 190 miles, Hackay to Bowen, 110 miles. We are also treated to the Bavenswood Junction to Argentine, the most recent creation. No one knows better than Mr. Philp there are not 1000 miles of live line on the list he quoted. Not content with exaggeration in mileage, we have the cost of construction and equipment nearly doubled. The great trunk lines have surmounted the coastal ranges, and only level plains have to be span ned. In the early days contractors and Ministers had better financial times than they are likely to enjoy in future. The £7,600 a mile of the ex isting 2,907 miles is not likely to be repeated. I hope Mr. Philp will give us a revised list of railways, with re vised prices. What do Ministers hold office for but to decide on what line is best for the country ? Speaking in the Assembly, Mr. George Jackson expressed some doubt as to the fancy prices alleged to have been obtained for Chillagoe Proprie tary shares. It amuses me to note that when the ChlUagoe Proprietary is discussed in the Assembly, the op ponents of the Company invariably as sume that Chillagoe shares were worth £2.000 each when the Bill pass I cd through the House. This is very i far from the truth. I know of a Char [ ters Towers firm which, about that i time, refused five shares at £200 each. ' They knew nothing of Chillagoe, 1 could not be tempted, and thereby missed two or three thousand pounds. They weren't as wise before the event as some of our legislators afterwards. A humorous feature of the Labor op position is that their clamour has created the belief that the Chillagoe Syndicate obtained a wonderful con cession, and investors, never stopping to inquire, rushed the "good thing." It is hard luck for the Lafter party that when they assail a "concession" they simply "appreciate" it. i An interesting item in the cables in I this issue is the statement that CSer I many and England have arrived at an agreement as to Delagoa. Bay, once known as. Lorenzo Marques, and the most considerable harbor on the East coast of Africa. For many years Great Britain and Portugal quarrelled over this bay, but in 18T6 the Presi dent of the French Republic, who was acting as arbitrator, awarded the terri ■ tory around the bay to Portugal, with the condition that if ever Portugal wished to dispose of tbe colony Great Britain must be afforded tbe first op portunity of acquiring it Since then Delagoa Bay has become -the chief port of the Transvaal Republic, and an immensely important strategical centre. It Is too much to hope that Germany has consented to the purchase by Great Britain of the lease, license, freehold and goodwill of the Portu guese at Delagoa Bay. , * • • The one overwhelming incident in international politics is the Csar'a proposal for a general disarmament. Kvtry private individual who pays taxes has received it with enthusiasm, but it has Diet with, great opposition from the different armies, the mem bers of which fear the loss of their occupation. ' It does seem strange that, in this allegedly civilised age, people should impoverish themselves to re ward others for slaughtering somebody äse on the slightest provocation, and at the same time provide gallows, at a great expense, for those who do the same thing gratuitously. Dryden once said that the State Government, which "was formed to annihilate amateur mur derers, was the one great .factor in creating professional ones, and the lat ter have been ennobled to the status of professional gentlemen. The Czar's proposal seems a perfectly rational one, and the Pope improves on it by sug gesting international arbitration. Next we shall, hear of an international. Supreme Court. If it is possible for the Supreme Court of America to decide the many grievances of the many States, why should not a Court be formed to settle the grievances of the many nations ? There is always a better chance of obtaining justice from a judge than from a Wariff gun • * « The increased fees for Jurors have all the forces of reason behind them. If a man can earn a certain amount per day working at his daily trade', 6orely bis services in dispensing jus tice are worth Just as much. But there is this question to be considered. Jurors, even now, defer a verdict to prevent them from bring sworn In on the next case, and if the position is made too remunerative, they may con tinue the consideration of their ver dict indefinitely, and thus create for themselves a very easy billet. Stich things are not unknown. For in stance, in Sydney there are certain frequenters of the Coroner's Conrt. who are sworn in at every inquest. ' and they manage to knock a good thing out of it, and they usually consent to be dominated by the Coroner, who has to sign, the cheque for their ex penses. But in fixing the fees, tbe Government has not to consider the professional jurymen, but only thoea who sacrifice a portion of their earn ings to serve the State. And, after all, why should a man lose more by supplying justice than by supplying bricks ? * » » A Government paper has been is sued with the evidence which led np to tbe practical dismissal of Professor Shelton from the Agricultural College. It appears the outbreak was a very serious affair, the college buildings be ing bombarded nightly for a week by the students, also any teacher or ob noxious pupil. One of the latter was. driven into hysterics, and a doctor had to be summoned. It is evident Pro fessor Shelton had lost control of the students, and it is probably as well that he was retired, bat there can be no question that the method of his dismissal was remarkable in the ex treme. Other teachers end several pupils gave evidence as to the Pro fessor's shortcomings, and reference fa continually made therein äs to the pranks played by students "A.B.," "C.D.," "E.F.," "G.H.," and so ob through the alphabet. Tbe two ring leaders were "A.B." and "C.D.," and, incredible as it may seem, the Profes sor is pilloried, while the names of these young cubs, influeutially con nected no doubt, are alphabetically hidden. The Professor defends him self with vigor, and alludes to "A. B." as a "mischievous sly boy," and "C.D." as a "troublesome man" ; ha is dismissed through their riotous con duct, and they escape the publicity their rowdiness deserved. If that is Mr Chaiaway's idea of fair play he must have a peculiarly balanced mind. The humor of the bombardment was supplied by the Professor rushing round in his pyjamas in the dark in search of the rebels. The students will be well advised if they leave Mr Mahon. the present principal, alone: the student who bombards him will quickly be found "D.E.A.D.." and Mr Chataway will no doubt officially brand the corpse with those letters. 