Oocldodly inlPrustliiifFoqUBlsio lljt»,j>er- foriimuco of I'rofvKHor Ivonuctly, In tills city, iiro tlie pluiscH of Unit puhliu on- turthlncr'H uxtruonlitmry "himineHu," ilt'iilt wlUi 111 Dim evimhiKH "llcnWu.' Three of l ho "subJcetK" tn;i!cu fnink con- fesNltiii to "The llonild" that Ihey simply humhupitfd the puhlle. Whether they likewise KtKvmHletl in luiiuhiiL'Rlui; Ken nedy, nnd whether, ulso, jinythhiK of tlie kind is probiible, our renders must judge for themselves. The real point In this evening's disclosures Is that some dis gusting tests, tho possibility of bearing which was hold to ' de- pond upon the subjects having, by mesmeric process, been re duced to 11 condition of Insensibility to irnin nud other natural feeling, were ac tually uiitlergoue in this oillee by two of Kennedy's men. And they declare to us that they were no more hypnotised when they appeared at St. George's liall, or with Kennedy In other places, limn they were while torturing each oilier In Hh» presence of thu medical mint who ac cepted our Invitation to witness the trhUs. These men, in fact, make good tho conteiitlou of several "Herald" cones- pondeols who wrote towards the close of the last Kennedy srason here. It seems wonderful. Indeed, to iliul will jjower capable of so much. Yet, Dr. Nclld, who saw both tho Kennedy uud "Tho-Horald" MstsBays that when somo' nervous nlTcctloiis were treated on a system that has gone out of fashion, he has seen a delicate woman allow a mtm- 1 her of needles to be thrust into a rheu- niatically-senslllvo shoulder, and give no (ndicailou of tlie distress whlcli It Is natunil to assume she must have felt. There is public Information us well as interest in the mailer wo publish on J 'age I, litis evening. There Is also, we think, a warning. Now that the truth Is known, tho public of this city are lint likely to readily lend themselves again to an exhibition tiie justillcniUm for whleb was. flint the human beings tor tured to make a holiday were insensible to pain. In the hypnotic condition It Is claimed that this Insensibility really exists. What every decent man or woman would nsk. when the like shows are announced In the future, is, "What assurance have-1 that the subjects are hypnotised, that these wretched men are not, by reason' of their sheer poverty, undergoing torture In order that I may be amused?" 1 'render Held has a lot of luck. One more opportunity Is afforded him of proving that his policy is now really a federal one. We do not say proving that he desires federation, because what Held nm.v personally wish and what ho affects to wish are rarely one and The same thing. The opjtortuiiHy Is afforded by the resignation of Lo..l lliiinpdon. It is announced that his Ixirdship will continue to hold guber natorial office until March next, jvhon he leaves for Kngland. Ily Al a rcl'fl un fortunately, federaton will not be ac complished. Very little later, in IStlii, however, the Australian part of the pre paration should have been completed, and before the eiid of the year, on the addresses 'sunt' To the Queen, , tlie InV peiiur Parliament should hove ratified t. constitution by virtue of which Australia is to lake her place amongst the world's nations. For the nine or ten months of interrcgnum shoiihl New Bonth Wales have 11 brand new Gover nor? Kecollect thai they always keep 11 Lieutenant-Governor on band In ' .Syd ney, and that In the absence of the re gular occupant of tlie office It Is his duty to net. Mr Held will prove the bona lldes of Ids |H)llcy by udvlstng the Co lonial Office to refrain from 'making a new appointment iinti/il 1ms exercised the right of selection for a greater of fice, that of Governor-General of Uni ted Australia. . . !// When u citizen comes Into court and says u newspaper Iuls libelled hiin. 'iiot the least important part of the evidence taken relates to the effect that Uie al leged libellous words had on the minds Of readers. "What did you understand that remark to mean?" counsel asks; nnd the carefully prepared . witness for the plaintiff replies, "I understood It to mean that the plaintiff had murdered his great-grnnd-uuclc, hud several sub- urban wlren, and was a systematic thief." And so on. Matters are man aged differently on the Sydney side, where a Minister of the Crowu is virtu ally put on trial Imforc a ltoyal Com mission to 'answer charges of political debauchery. Thls ls from the evidence taken in connection with the Hustings and Moeleny election scandal:— ' One farmer, who votc-d for Mr Barton, Haldtluitufier he tnard MrYoung'sstitc- mcnt he formed Uie opinion that if Mr , .Smith were returned he would have n better elcince of getting a piece of road tnnde, while another witness said he formed the opinion the Minister was at tempting to bribe the electors for votes. Eolh these statements wore held to . be inadmissible. What 'witnesses understood from Young's observations. is not, therefore, evidence. We do not necessarily argue Hint It ought to. be, but.philuly there is one law for u >olHlciau who happens to be u Minister, and uupther for u defendiuit nowsiatper. J We give iu our news columns this evening' some piirileuhirs concerning 11 great schoine, l>y "virtue of which who soever will may eiuaucipaic .himself from the need, of sowing sued, keeping a shop, .arguing a case, milking boots, preaching ; Hurmbns, currying bricks, writing- paragraphs, or employing utiy other . generally recognised meiuis of wlnuing bread for wife and bairns. True, we nre hot told whnt lhc plan Is. What wo are'lold Is that: the < i>crsou who employs it uiny "earn" LIOUO a year. It in not: to bu expected In this hard utilllarhiuAVoild that thu man who knows the key to the magnificent secret Is going to'adihit everybody, to it "free gratis and for nothing." No.- lie might by merely multiplying the application of IiIh system imiku many thouxands a year himself, but plainly he (Iocs not believe In thus 'allowing in M'calth while his fellow men toil on Incessant ly and hopelessly. IIu will only make thu system known to about oue person IH.T thoiisnnd, and as a guaran tee of good faith persons who get Ids circulars are Invited to lender for thu secret. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. For the rest read (he comments iu another column. Our ndvicc to jhm'hous about to tender Is brief, If not original, "Don't." A distressing Instance uf scepticism— due, we fancy, to the absence of scrip ture lessons from the Btatc schools— Is re ported from Perth to-day. A Ghost hap pened to bo out taking the evening ulr at Cuuuington, nud many trustful, timid people are said to have been frightened by It. What message It carried from Hie Laud of Shadows they knew not, nud, as everybody knows— at least, all "right- thinking" people know— a Ghost never goes about hi its shroud unless It has something on Its mind. The per- ttirtaillou of those good, ladicving folks at Gauniagtou may, therefore, be readily understood. Hut Uie curse of what is called modern education, the mere infol- Icettial savagery of scepticism, has crept lulo Uie hearts of men even iu so remote as place as L'nnnhigton. and a lot of in credulous monsters In human form went out armed with revolver, and actually tuUIod-np the foursome Spectre. Alas poor Ghost! After they'd lmulcd his feathers off, the armed vainlnls debated whether or not It was a case for tbc police, and the usual "Flood 20s,. la de- fault seven days." 'Phe decision being in the negative, they got a paling from nn adjoining fence, and summarily submit- ted tlmt wandering Spirit to tlx Imtlgutty of a 1 brushing— strictly on the physical side. Can the Society for Psychical He- search do nothing In a case like this? 