A REPENTANT GHOST. " So you actually believe in gboBts ?" renarked Charlie Beavers.interrog»ti rely,with an mount of flippancy in his tone, and an amnsed mile on his rather boyish face, to his elder ui nore sedate friend Bobert Forder, as they sat ogether in the former's comfortable bachelor tjoma one evening towards the close of the last nonth of the year, discussing a choice blend of vbisky (judiciously commingled with potass), md blowing curly blue wreaths from uuimteachable cigais. 1 am bound to believe iu them," replied the ither in all seriousness. What P Do you mean to say that you have oen one ?"' Decidedly ; I may say I almost owe my rife to a Spook." " Come. I say, old man, draw it a little nild !" " I'll tell you the story if you like. But mind, ! very rarely mention the subject. I don't care ibout it talked about anywhere and everywhere, Zou understand ?" " Perfectly," said Charlie, all eagerness for ihe recital. " Go ahead. I'll be as mum aa i-a-a what's its name." Well, you must know before I secured 'through the influence of my fathar-iu-lawj my present position as manager of the bank here, I was pursuing the calliug of aa accountant in Sercbefiter. After three years' hard labour I segan to feel my feet and think I might venture to ask a certain yeung lady to share my future lot. 1 was tolerably sure that I sbtuhl meet with ao rebuff from my darling, but there was a a term parent to be reckoned with. I had made the acquaintance of Mr. Matthew Turnover, bead of the respected and aid crusted banking-house of Turnover Brothers, and Checkwell, through ordinary business intercourse, and we became in time ou quite intimate terms. I frequently .spent my Sondays at his charming retddeoee in the park. He had an only daughter, Eleanor. The zest yon •rill readily understand. : Well, I out the momentous question : to the dear girl aad achieved the.success. I plead .guilty to have been vaia enough to anticipate. " Then followed the inevitable interview with papa. He evinced no surprise when told him my tale, as many fathers do after being themselves the prime'movers in bringing two impressionable young peeple together. . He was straightforward enough. Told me, although be had certainly, cherished maru ambi 1 tious views fur his only child, it was not his intentiou'to try . to enforce his ideas if they were likely to [interfere, with his. . daugh< tecV happiness. Still, 'he was. bound to consider ' ' the 1 impertiuit '. question of ways and eaeans, and though he admitted; I'had maderapid and 1 substantia) progress in tay ; profession—if such, it* could be called—he at the. same time did not oooaidei the income I was then earning sufficiently large to justify m«-ia taking upon, myself the tea-1 ponnbility of a wife and probable coaUngeaoies. : " • ** He'wouod'iipby-saving: : \- ' Although Bleaoor, aa' yeu knew... is aa.. only child,' febs will not ' auUeria% benefit thriough on her marriage, as it Is my'fixed intentiott to. wi&dnir; mo aom of oon»qu8nc« , from the Inak., . iMy^share *f the profits'—except so much ofit as l require to liveupou— remains ia itte cffbcem nBtil mjr time eoooes foi : qoi'tting ihiB' Worri, *' then, of coarse, Bleanm : trill jalMsrit What ! Atall leave behind me. Bat,. Qodbe thanked,! aihwell andbe*rtr,aad jnaji rcssoaaUylook forward'to ten or fittoon yeairt .longer of tusful lifeti My adriee therefore tc you^is go ^irorjdng.aSypu.have; dents hittierto, and, in three, years. .sa^ yjm: can ImMtrii tite Mibj^Bt again, aiid If TEUy riimiJd be still In jnMuisdf, why wemaj 'ftethipa-Me it iiiaMen' cannb^'-be Hxnioged, Is (litwaa^iui^,' Ibere ' wiU'U^iti di«v«st« oo my paktr-ao diftereiMje - |b..v: jpni. • frieoddiip ' ' :-.-^1.1 ic'i • i: - n* ' ^ sitemed aa awfnl loS£ tia>e to wait. Bat I ipkd, the faMflSt fu^iaJakMac^ eoMtMMj. However. I will get On'to, «Im .teidi; I doat wiMi to bore you ml , _ Abftut i^t naiiihi fiad goae by, when oae dayih tte nuddie of December, Mr. Samovar hastily entered : my unpretentious office. The Old gentleman appeared greatly agitated, and it was safcie moments: after beaag seated that he as aMe to speak. , • ' mnxioBsly inquired if he were ill, or was anything wrong at homai? ' No—no one in,' .he said, slowly. * The baric has been tabbed.' " * Bobbed 1? 1 exclaimed. « Phew! Hare the thieves been caught P* •« * You don't understand. The robbery is from iaaide. The chief cashier.' "'What! Bradley?* I cried, in the greatest tonwhmeat. ^tjiw. peeeant: easier was a Sunday school tea ec, regular chapel-goer, and I don't know wkat besides. Ay ! The smooth-tongued hypocrite/ said Mr. Turnover,' with considerable emphasis. • And he's got a good twentj-foar hoars' start. He was away On short leave.' " 4 What is the amount ?'I asked. •« • A very considerable sum in oonvertibtq seeuritiea unfortunately. Anything like the; cxact amount,; however, is not yet known. That is mainly why I have come to you.' " * To me u « Yes. ' I waat you to come to the bank and go through the books—his books, yon know) expeditiously as passible. We wish to keep the affair secret—that is, as long as possible. Will you come?' •« And.Mr. Turnover regarded me anxioaaly. " Then thinking, perhaps, I seemed to hesitate, he added, significantly, * It may be worth your while.' I am at your service, Hr. Turnover,' I instantly replied. 'When do you wish me to begin ?* « • To-aight. Are yon willing, to work late ? I mean,in fact,all night if nectssary i* Will you d« me tttii favour ?' •< • You • may command me in any way you like, Mr. Turnover,'I said. Truth to tell, an idea flashed aeroas my mind that I might decide to ask a favour of him in return after the present annoying basis ess was over and done with. " Uy future father ia-law rose from Ins seat, saying: I am very pleased you have consented tq ihdp me' ao readily, because we oan rely upon jyaar discretion and absolute silence,' I bowedi Thea meet -me in Duke-street, bythq Cosmopolitan Hold, at six sharp, and we will to the bank together.' •i j mg at the place appelated just as thq ifirst stroke of the hour rang out on the deal 'ifrosty air. and was almost immediately joined iby Mr. Turnover. i " As soon as we were seated in the bank pari •lour Mr. Turnover handed me a letter.remarking 'that the misswg Bradley had caused it to be 'delivered in a somewhat mysterious manner. ! ^Yben I read the note Blr. Turnover asked jmy opinion of it. I said : ; •• *The fellow is cool certamly .but I infer from what he writ*®—if it is the truth, of course— that there has been nosystematicembcasiement going forward for some time ; that, ia fact, he committed the theft in a sudden fit of temptation. I see he mentions sixty-eight thooaand.' •• * Yes, that is quite enough without the probability of more having to be added to it. I trust year surmise will turn out correct. Let ui , get to work without delay.' ! We worked unremittingly till ten, failing to discover any defalcations beyond those already known. This was so far satisfactory thai Hr. Turnover confessed he felt much relieved and suggested an adjournment to a neighbouring first-class hotel—his club being too far away—to recruit exhausted nature. " We were let out by the bank caretaker through a small side door, and told him to remain up till we returned. *' Having done justice to an excellent little cold snack, washed down by a bottle of vtty excellent pott, I told my companion there was no med whatever for him to go back to the bank with tnt, as I could do well enough without him—at all events for the remainder of that night. He assented, telling me not to stay very late. When I got to the bank, I set to my task with renewed vigour, still failing to discover extended evidmce of jcuilt ia the absconding cashier's book. .. JBy this time, although the night was cold outside,' the room I was working in'began, by reason of the many gas jets bum ing. to grow uncomfortably wans, f began to feel drowsy, and at a quarter-past twelve by the small deck on the mantelpiece, I dropped into an inviting ea*y chair, and fdt extremely like dropping as well into a prolonged doze, but as I had IIO intention that way, I struggled against the inclination by raking my heavy eyelids at frequent intervals. ." I teard a neighbouring church dock boom farth the midnight hour, and. opening my eyes, was just on the point of rising from my comfortable position with the intention of resuming work for another half hour, when I saw something that detected me ; kept me, in fact, spellbound in my Seat There,right before me a few yards away, appeared the spectral form of jWeatcott Bradley, the def»ulting cashier. I ; " There was a sad—I might almost describe it as a chastened look ou the ghastly face as •though tiie spirit was experiencing profound ^contrition for sortie misdeed the body had comimitted during life.' • • ; •* I once more dosed my eyes, thinking that [when I looked again the thing would have »an- Bet up 1 There wa»ithe shadowy figure oommencing to -rptreat slowly backwards, its toaBspareat.&tm; raised, the flesbless hand with St B bpny fingers beckoning me to follow. It reminded me of. Hamlet and the ghost oa tl.e castle ramparts, tiiily j" assure you J felt ;precioos little 'lik;e the 'impetuous Prince ; I traquired ne holding bade! I tried to speak, but the words! filmed With my.dry lips were inaudible emi to mys^f. As soon as tile ib&de; reached tiie open; door, leading «tp the: main roi>m,I.arMe.nKc^anicallyastiicugh impdled "aod..went."with bated ; mi* It ooatianed tp wave ita ghostly hand the' lauihne'sroii door whir led' to tjie IvsukbeUw, wheea, tte baBioa and sooBritiea vf^aca jayfc ta hat* ffafea,or rattier atrouc rooms, rem tad, '. I-qoite czpeoted to m the figtue ; taelt away ia the orthodox maaaer. But a 1 trifliBg ebstrsoisab of kiad ins ne benior to tbe.-cadanebely spirit of the peccant cashier. ;With an intetoae fiagtteing last look of awgiiish And a final wave of the arm more emphatic than previously, it f imply, as it seemed to my bewildered^ gase, backed through the solid iron.- work. I can assure you Ifelt ceasideraUy relieved on being rid of the apparition. Fartherwork was, of ceurse, oat of the qu«*tien, BO I summoned the caretaker to let me ont, imparting nothing whatever to him regarding the strange experience 1 had just gone through. " Next raornicg I called upon Hr. Turnover before-he left borne, aad recounted to him what had taken place in his bank the night before. I was .not ia the least surprised at my story be- ing received with a smile of incredulity. " * My dear Forder,' said the worthy, but unbelieving banker, ' yon, of course, fdl asleep in the chair and dreamed all this.' " * Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Hr. Turnover,' I answered, warmly. " Still, the old gentleman remained unconvinced. " 'Remember,' he went on baateringly, ' you had partaken of supper aud wins—generous old port?' " However, to bring my story within reason* able bounds, I will just say that by the time we had arrived at the bank I had almost convinced Hr. Turnover that I had seen the ghost of bis .delinquent servant; and he agreed, at my request, that we ahtnld visit tLe vrult together. * though surdy,' observed he, * you don't espect to encounter your sad-faced Spook again, so ,early in the day ?' " When We had got down below and turned up the gas, Hr. Turnover proceeded to open two large upright safes standing against the wall. " * Everything seems as usus!,' he remarked, after surveying the interiors ' Your spirit evidently had us particular tale to unfold, even if you had been abie to accompany him here last night.' "' Why did it beckon to me BO earnestly ;in this direction ?' I remarked. * By ithe way,' I added quickly, as my isceptical companion went about securing the safes again,* a hat of the big one over there to the left; aren't you going to open that ?' " • Ob,' he answered carelessly, * that is an old oae not in use ; has not been opened, I shonld say,for several years. It is empty.' " 'I suppose there is no objection to me having a peep iaside ?' " ' Not the slightest. There is the key on the wall there!' " I handed it to him, and he at onoe inserted it in the lock, while I stood by ready to pull the massive door wida. " 'Dear me.' remarked Hr. Turnover, in surprise, as the wards worked quite easily, certainly expected some difficulty.' " I pulled at the heavy door, which swung quite smoothly, just as if it had been opened daily with the other*. " The next moment an exdamation oE horrified surprise fdl from the banker's lips, as he started back several paces from before the front of the safe. " I instantly sprang forward from behind the poadeious door, and followed the direction of my father-in-law's dilated eyes. " Well might the old gentleman be strongly affected ! " There, on the circumscribed space of the floor of the safe, lay the huddled figure of man. His face was distorted and horrible to look upwi! The staring eyeballs and protruding tongue shewed how he had met a horrible death by suffocation. «« « Bradley " I exclaimed, as soon as could find breath enough. " • Yes, it is Westcott Bradley/ said Mr, Turnover, in a lowly, husky wki»per. " There was no doubt about it. The sick> u- ing spectacle upon which he gated constituted the mortal remains of the man who bad betrayed the trust reposed in him by his employers. When the body came to be removed to place to await the Coroner's inquiry, several strong balky leather pocket-books containing the proceeds intact of the cashier's appropriations were discovered. So the bank really lost nothing, and I gained a loving wife a good deal sooner than 1 should otherwise have done. Ur. Turnover was kind esoagh to say that,as had been the meaas of recovering the bank's missing securities, I ought to have my reward. I got it, and bsae never regretted for a single mament taking it. Nothing much was elicited at the inquest emept the reformation that the lock of the dts- used strong room worked spring wise, and it was conjectured that Bead ley. who had evidently been using the safe for bis own purposes, had ojiened the daor, then hung up the key in its accustomed place, gone inside, aud in a moment of forgetfulaew let the door come on the spring, and ao made the receptacle for concealing his plunder his living tomb." 