CONCERNING WOMEN (By Cordelia.) Very little has been doing in on world during the past weet, with the es ception cf the extensive preparations fo: the carnival in aid of the Cluldren's Hos pitaL Before chis paragraph sees th light the opening ceremony on Christ mas Eve will have been performed, an< it only remains for me to express ai earnest hope that- one and all will roi up in style during the week the carniva is to run, and, by their doing ever » little individually, ensure a record total and a speedy beginning of that so ne cessa ry institution-a children's hospi tah A good deal of complaint is going round because one solitary firm of dra pers has decided to keep its doors opei until 9 o'clock on the two evenings pre ceding Christmas Eve, and, of course on that date they will be open nearly half the night. Hundreds of sensibli people are threatening ta taboo then altogether, because it can hardly be ac counted "square" for one house to thui steal a march upon its fellows. To me il seems a piece of wanton cruelty to kee¡ young girls on their feet from half-pasi 8 in the morning until 9 at night foi days at a time, concluding with a fifteer hours' day on Saturday. People are be- ginning to wonder whether Mr. James's "Early-Closing Bill is ever going to IK put into practice. The newest stationery is Wedge wood blue in color, rather thin but very smooth and tough. Madame Melba fans for some time adhered firmly to this kind of paper, and has her's embossed with an heraldic device in white, well up in the left-hand corner ; below that, in fancy characters, her name, ''Nellie." Fashionable England has just waked up to the fact that Melba is really great enough to create a style, and there is a great run on Wedgewood-tinted paper, with white heraldic emblems, in conse- quence. The colored slips of last year are no longer the thing to wear under a white muslin blouse. The latest 'command of Dame Fashion is that the slip be white mull* muslin, cue Tow round the shoulders, and showing short under sleeves edged with Valenciennes lace. There's nothing very modern about that style, I'm thinking, for our mothers wore white lace edged slips under their Gari- baldi jackets ages ago. and they got their pretty arms tinted shrimp pink, and brick, and orange color, when the summer sun dione--just as their silly daughters are doing to-day. The rustling silk petticoat is doomed, and must give place to soft and silent under skirts of finest cashmere, or veil- ing, even the silk rustling linings must go, for at present when she walks in beaury "she is arrayed in clinging gar- ments." Yes, clinging, round the hips as the ivory twines round the oak- or, perhaps, we should say the willow-since the oak has a masculine sound. An inner lining of muslin may be intro- duced to give the skirt the desired full- ness below-but the day has come when woman's presence must be felt, not her heralded in with a flourish of frou-frou, and I rather like the Mea. It has just struck me how we loathe and dread the man whose boots squeaE, and whose linen stands up and crackles forth the gibberish we hear in passing a Chinese laundry. Is it pos- sible that man has never had that sen- sation when his ear defected the rustle of a silken petticoat? Perish the thought-but yet-hut yet, I almost fear j there is something in it. ] In "Sea Urchins," Mr. W. W. Jacobs has given the world a batch of short stories which will bear comparison with "Many Cargoes," and that is saying a good deal. Amongst the best is ''Choice Spirits," in which a sailor and boy re- venge themselves on a skipper by hiding ¡ in the hold, after leaving a letter behind I in which they say the bad feeding has drives them back to the deck, much to the drives tem bac kto te deck, much to the amusement of the skipper, who lias dis- covered the trick, but pretends to firm- ly believe in their ghosthood-for it doesn't cost much to keep a pair of ghosts. "Dinner !" st-id tthe skipper, in surprise. '"What do you want dinner i'or.<" "Eat," said BUL eying him re proachfully. 'E'atf' saM the skipper. '"What's the geed of giving dinner to a ghost? Why, you've got nowhere to put it," By dint of great self-control, Bill smiled in a ghastly fashion and pat- ted Ins stomach. '"All air," said the skipper, turning away. "Can we have our clothes and tilings, then?" said Bill, grinding Iiis teeth. ""Kel says as how you've got "em."' "Certainly not," said the skipper. "I take 'em home and give 'em io your next-o'-kin. That's the law : ain't it, Bob?'' *"1t is," said the mate. Anent Madame Melba, the Sydney "Bulletin"' publishes the following: - "Melba," says J. C. Williamson, "before going to Englaairl was paid by me £20 a week to sing. When she and I ar- ranged, at the Savoy, for her to come to Australia, I contractai to pay her £200 a night. So far, she has not ratified the contract by appearing here. I paid Bernhardt J&OQ; a week and 200 a week in extras; £1,000 in alL I reasoned this way on it ; there is only one Bernhardt ; the people must see her. And you know how she simply drew the people into the theatre.' ' 