THE ADVENTURES OF A SKELETON. CHAPTER XXVII. After I had sent my Cadmus forth with his spelling-book and made my famous voyage to the sun, I relapsed again into lethargy for a few weeks; but I had two I desired tb day; :whieh;,W'df rfq§ undboidod , iny-Vvisit to Giantfls 6iyOjf .orv,C|w .Cbiefdora; to came'isp'pn,'Vy.ot elaj3^/and^/.^ dearly Olisired if possible to him.Nbt \- dp of both royal- families /to bn trifendly' tormsl’' V/ 1 I setting doom my'promisehand ob ibf' and Waunotta that I wqirid leave following revQjutidn/:; for Xhe chief looked:; gratb,’and Said “you are hei. inexperienced, but ! ban.hot ware of that ypnbgraani' I didvndt like his countenance when he was here; I did not relish tho burl .of -ftp: you; ito would-.'hot have thojcourago. to 'attempt to do you violence open handed, /but 5 Kis Jade is the' very cinbodijpgqnt. ~q£; cunning and deceit. - -'.'.C' ’■ : ihw''#as...]bhp".iij8t,allusion which- had been made to the sinoo .us. I told the ohibf 'had, formed a like opinibh' of the;ybungohiot,’ but. was - sorhewbat Jnolinbd. to. attribute ■ his • “Be not deceived pit ? that! point,” he re- i plied/ “hejisippsSOTsed .of /an evil spirit. 1 Since he arrived at the ago of . discretion, 1 and his father had enterCd.Up.bnthat stage - of dotago/which yon; must,ha^onoticed, ~I. have had 7 miCch more troiible with that ( nation thanbefpre. The young, chief is, in fact, the ruler of hhatland, tfedayj ,and,;hp is tho author of all | sible for the terrible - slaughter yrd wore ’ Compelled tp. yisit tTpon' th)em.' l/hoped: that his presence ’ you andacknowledgehf-your^Jdbility:'tc» destroy, Wodld ;hnmble t conl quer his.proud.splrit . indi«-.j cations of it in his conduct". He appeared J to rather j^/.6ne";,w.rou|p^ Highest pointof,;’dp3 .bent" ph still fiaore diabolical 'means to -■ accomplish Bis desire. TLS . it 'wot, who formed tbe plan pf giyages hero.*'; Then came to my fragile • memory,; of that ' eyouty ! <-fctaS\j/re&lte;$iori that this very face was in /the,. lond 'of that deperate band of aavages 'vmion: 1;oncoun^-. tered on tho/ocoan:, /L was^aStpuibihedthat I • but so many . t oc^- enrred-, that. 1 had- TergbfcUihifc : '/I. tempihr "* bered it now distinctly,/and instead of cabllng/me toyfoar -Only^hde'-me:' ~*the morp defiant; ip#bin slunk away' ah the" sight of danger, ; froth which: t knew- him to be an abjoot coward. He was, a cool, .caleulnting . viUiap, ,whb could devisenot the courage ; to himselfi.; I; resolved to keep an eye on;hira. I did not tell' the chief that- iTcmembered : him as,, one of the gang, for I did notwisb to causC'-alarm, to worry him and. pay Wannbtta. I was gone.. their part to beware, and full f as .many, assur ances on my'part tliat 3Twoiild do so, I set out, on the following:, this to me ever memorablo,-4ind ;■ almost fatal visit. * ' I took ytifcH. me., iny pottle .kifw fresh water and a raoal iu my haversack; for T feared : tO'stop, at the dinner,hour, at any of the cares of the natives, , lest I' should frighten’thCip. I took r al8b ; frora force of habit/a bow and a quiver .of aiiroTVs;/ ' my parachute and a'short dirk-knifo, such as the;4ativesi,, use ; things, T arid' hr«)W& r '-i pai;- Hcd concealed; beneath ,‘iong;/hair;, of ihy upper cape, ? fastened;ta>~>a' hpltj rhade fbr thab purpose,:so that noone ! would huye, surmised that I bad' thbip about- me At aii. J.'.,': ■■ . .. ’, '■/ ' : tbmvod at thc ond ofmyxourriey about the hhPPPP hour, and, : as I had; hot -paused to ekt my 'dinner/bht pushed’'right .on/*i wab.hkhbedingly hungry. WHoh l alightod at the paldce,- the old plriet was ; b mking in Wib the:.^ apparently Graphed 1 h ptofbnnd tho.ught-/i aroused him<ffplti his meditations, oordially . greetbdi:Sbon his son- and daugl)iters ; . ap pearM hpch tho{ scenp, and hno,-. and fall garb hiC;8Uoli rv welcome, as.tpj' make. >mo fed ’qUite' at. hbine.- • .It; a plan to; welcome -me^'with qpcri;hr&^ ,and; jshow'jme evichl’hoferenco and was duo tp;.ono of,niy stand ing; t bblievo in this/ /and his daughtervwero rineerb.faqh/lit ricW ttif, dthbr arbb n'pifci^in clinbd id B'a:-so-^charitable/;,tKbuglilW wts -manner extfemd^bburtcoiiB. ’ Ushered, dp /alopg ihor corridor, and cbh|uctbd ; ' fo tlib %arlb^ f w^ ro ; /-^ e Cpehfc.dhShitf. ih ibnv iTho ladies to bayo orerdem'o. all feelings (with: as. miiob: grace abl "dignity ;al(.‘ tbb- dody “on the %avey • ing the; till .time toU;;! 1, yrod a* of the, bbmfv .; albno, I'^redopted't visit propI|d i,b he anticijjdhedVrV^^ ■eirpifcy in a c re^apajble ; Ha<t my A IJt a I r endiles ; jtete- 'tHesoJ: doubts^5mbh r I.-.’ dockbd?a|ftt;$^ ipc/Idi|d ; ta. ho bn foW.nijfflo®[pg hefc; distnado; ttio^^^frotrr^atoen^ tioh/" k> J?£ir■ ■;■/. Cf /; I I fchat |oqmb witli kisbl^ while ; is- Peyohdall Inirnah compreheiitsibn,. -jind j I 'habwl hot.h#* fclfey : ii^/dip what^n^flrst^hcbn'-ofethemi^ • •• ■&f;'4 4 ’ a-r? yl"f *Vi 1 **i fim$y ' ;'hbme/in'vh|y-dw^'.e^^h^ fluavity of "mahnprchambte^ thebroakfasb hour. ■ ;i^w|gS^iblo l&tiug;: to parfcakd! bF quo’s ■- hospitality, and yet entertain a suspicion .that it is oitonded throughsinister, if not evil, motives.- I felt it So,- and"shook it off #ApWexKcnJ£ •ffi&i;'l-pKZ/ 1 About the first quarter of th A revolution, ; the' clnof js son. accosted mo arid said : ; -baro. bqinq. .St/d'j aril determined upon showing you evcry : tijirigin it worlh seeiug, if you , AviU_bo patient and protract your stay loiig-cuough • to;mako the roands, W.o have many natural ’ curiosities, such as romantic waterfalls, yawning-precipices, tlierooking mountain, :.Gian^s r: T' , “ Hold on -; stop right there. You have awaken edmy. cariosity. I want to see -is iti and it? Why: isit called by .that name, linn are,there any giants -thore ? You- see I rani a great lover of'giants, -being almost one myself, and I fancy I .may find the ; sacred dust or petrified, bones of some of •'-my' \ ( nqwvreraombdr' laughed a pi easing,; sfi ed chuckle y ho quietly, replied, l‘! some'iwo hours’ i|do, in a secluded 1 \- nook near the shore of the- Oreto Ocean.; Our people seldom go there, for they have j a sickly ; fancy that it is peopled with ghosts ; of that departed; race, though I have seen no- indications of any myself. Tlie tower is.a large, round structure, rear ling its than the afic^ formed of solid root. It is supposed" to' . hard-been built by the giants, in some re mote age, when they inhabitated this land, ’ There qro openings, tall and narrow, from theJour sidos;. .The walls, -are thick .and ! massive. It covers dbbafe -half an aord of ground, and it is my theory that they .' were a war-Jiko people, and that this was ' their safe refuge in. case of defeat. I have | never examined the inside closely, for I havp yet.tq.find the,man with courage to entdr in'with ! me ;'And ; though I ; am no coward, I have yielded to the entreaties of my friends, and loft it unexplored.”: >. 1 “I am the man to go to the depth of the ; ydu? ; < T exclaimed;; • ; 7 ' * “ Good,for you/ 1 lid said, grasping mv , hand, and again, I rememberod, ho chnok led. - “Wo' will go v iit oiicd if' you are : ready " . \ “ Ob,Crease do: hot, go- into .that; awful place!” cried liis sister, in piteous tones. . - “ Never mind,” said I, “ I.have been ,.5n. worse places than that, and come' out victor; never fear, I pledge you my word to hrin]g£ hiioq ? 'back;ulih'i!i)rf ” i, This^a^peasoddhdii i# ahxiety^arid allayed* , their fears, for they thought I could do anything., Of course, I had. never given these people,, nor, in fact, any one else, ex cept-my chief and'his family," an account of my/adyenturos, nprbf,the;strange, and. abcidorital to this coiintfry. ,It. would not'anisweF'fcbe jiurposo I had in. view.They -must believe I came there on ray own accord,' because it was tbe wllf of the-“Great Spirit” to send. mo. Nob.pvcn: waiting for dinner, wo„ that is' the chiefs son:Arid myself j set but' bn bur winged-horses, to Visit Giants’ Tower- My 'cornpauion -was quite loquacious, giving me many reminiscences-' of their land und; people, as we.rode.alorigi : irisqraucli that i ! began thinking him a capital fellow, bent on making ray visit enjoyable to the last degree. At last the tower appeared iri-view. It -was a massive structure, whose -architec- : tufe must-have been, designed by some aiioitbit Pericles, and whoso workmanship, must have been wrought byaomo Grand Master Hiram,, and, the finishing of hinges of iron, and knobs of shimmering brass—put on by the deft fingers of some ancient Tubal Cain, who was of the seventh generation from Adam. I imagined >that in some such K remote age, this tower -was built. Had -it been on tho surface, it would have boon utilized by some ingenious Yo nkce' : wild -would it with ;park8..qp(Viron fences, while the mul titudes, from fcho reiriofcest regions,; would ' Ivavo wended their way thither, and paid „ an enormous fee for the privilege’ of seeing it. But these superstitious people, shunned it, as they would a plaguo or pestilence. It rivals the famous “ Loaning Tower,” or the “-Statue bP Liberty -Enlightening the . " v , I.iiaye a.penchanfc for relics and ancient ruins, arid this was a feast to my eyes. I became.so absorbed ‘ in admiration; as wo approached, as,to be wholly' oblivious to all around me, my companion iricluded. I was hungry to enter (his monument of pritnitive i ngenrii ty r older thanth o pyramids of Egypt or. the cqlisouni at Homo,. and It stood not twenty .feet Vfrom. the water’s edge, on the shore of tho < ocean. Origin ally, no doubt* ithadb’ccri some distance inland, but during ages of lime, the bil lows Had beori forcing their way nearer and nearer. ' •When'Kvd.Aa'rftp upWit, I observed that iron,doors on the throe sides Boourelyciosed; but, thought I, that ori the west side was wide- open, arid wo could enter. I waited not for an invitatioA, : but oagerly' dismounted, and, like an Agassiz,/delving after a bulb or root, I "'plunged in leaving ray companion to fellow at will. Some small portholes,about three inches in diaraetAf," Avete cut through, I presume, for, the,- 'threefold: purpose of-admitting air,' light Arid hi rriishirig' .a in bans for tlioso of the insfdo to view the" prOoebdirigs bn the outside; for of these holes about four feet apart on bird ed the walls at intervals to tho vbrv tori, and stops on tho inside led up to them. I-say I plunged 1 madly in,. leaving my companion to follow; hut ho did not fol -low- was my astonishment to hear .thedoor hang shut with ternblo force, and tho ponderous key turn in the look, en tombing mo alive in a prison whose doors an cartl)(juako shook could*not unbar. Was it a schema of my cunning foe ? I so re garded it. Ho had been here before me and laid the plans with skill. I mounted a step and. brought roy oyo on.a level with one-ofiho- port-holos, just in time to see . the with a sardonic smile, dra w the dtby from ifs fioekefc/arid hurl. 'it with all his force far out in She odean. 1 judged at onco-tljat tlns key lookoil fall tho doors, and ho intended to place it beyorid the power of'raan ever again to open them, j Revenge mounted to my brain on.pyriftost. •wings. I snatched, an arrow fteW ray quivejv aimed at his liim unscop, and sqnt ib through tho porb-holo its deadly wprk. I saw ' ' and; with a norvbus twitch 6f his qrmSj ho fell Jbo the earth, T'hoard Bis dying.giWns antdlafc that ipstant they Ayoro rmusio *-te thoiigbvthoy- hftvo.vhauntod me, at times; siiioor. toBjaWe^^M^ . take a human life, oven though1n"totalij& - | tion for an upon. quo’|i own f I I watched him tiU>llo } his caicaso doatb K bqfojfO turn ing to coiisidertfclioiulltercorjofrmyaituar) lion 7 •*■ < * «• -v * t u i* ' Slowly and- sadly the 8tox)s,/the.? hopelessness, of- my v , situation, dawii<?dApon raA Nb ond wllo has liob had the oxporjonoo : oan t|lo. utter wrotobedness of ther-foolingfli ’wljion arise in the bosom of a man who-suddenly awakens to a realisation of the facfr tbat ’d solid }wall of . unpenetrable rock arid Impircf gnriblo iron has closed in upon him; ah'utf Psjg n fprc vox;,-■ a t{•s /,ro nyitor | from tho habitation of'any matr Wild could come to his rescue. • ," *" . /_}/ /In all my difficulties irhad some sort of a chanco, liowovorslight, to match ray sfrongth and brain against thoonviron racut which hedged ray way; but what struggle could, human strength or ingenuity raalco against adamantine' wails? Had I f possessed even a; ohisol and}a liammor witj a gleam of hope, though but a gleam, for these walls had been roared to resist the onslaught of giants. r , 'v «JBub TdiatE nothing sayo cHp two Hands which nature had endowed mo with. ' I could do nothing -but ’sit dowp ,iri the'! silence of'my abodo; and calmly watch my"! limbs’ wast^away/whilh r huhgor and: thirst; njy life; bethought me,of my ’Kmfe'and in crazy respired, if it came to the worst, toimitate .th'o example of the Homan Brutus, Anthony and others, and fall upon my weapon,' cutting short the suffering which must otherwise ensue. But by tho law' of association, this thought.caused my mind to revert to .tho' deed I had done/ When wo-are called up/ on to faoo death, all tho animosity t)f our nature takes its leave, Tho-feelings of ro -vcngA whioh rankled 5, ip . my} bps'pra,’ gave way to remorse., / *' ’'' ' I had not done tho act in splf : defonco, All tho injury which he could do nne, had been done when I took his life. I had l Surpassed tho -man: and, perhaps, morc'-grosSly trampled upon tho command ment of God' It was a ’ serious matter/ My ond was, ho doubt, near. . */At best-frail humanity have enough sins of oraraission and commission 'to answer B foy,, at. the judgment bar hereafter, with out in 1 tlie last ‘a'ct of tho : drama' of life spilling tho blood of a fellow man upon their Hoads to bo washed away in infinite compassion, or, falling in this, boar its crUshing weight through an endless etor nity. - At many other times J had felt that death was staring mo in the, face, but never, at such times, had I so dreaded its Gonacquonoes. ’ I took this for an ill omen. How long I sat in despair, I know not,; I took no not©'of timo, bur, when the re action camo, X revived somewhat and be gan to walk about, mechanically, in search of some megns of esoa p’6/ . \- Tho holes.: admitted Sufficient} light to enable mo to see passably wolh I tramped tho half aero enclosed, back and forth, scrutinizing the floor in search of any avenue loading down. I stood in the centre of my limited-sphere and’ called at tho top my-voice; but the only answer "wa3 tlie echo of triy wailing cry. • I could exercise ray, vocal organs to their full capacity without fear of harming any ono. It "occurred to mo that ultimately they \yould. porno in search /of. us, and finding tho dead body bii fhb outside would re move it. A faint hope,' Possibly, I could call out to these people and,’by the direst' threats, induce them t,o carry the nows of my iraprisbnrajDnfc to niy .chief, who would comctomy rescue ; but oven if he did comb, the chances wore a passage could not be formed with their crude implements, tilL'l should,be exhausted from starvation. ’Neither was'it at all probable Icould make l-he natives understand. My voice would frighten them, till they would take to their heels and declare they had heard a ghost. I climbed up, however, to a point where I could sec the body, and kept my silent vigils. The body lay on tho water's’ edge. Alas, I had been there but a short time whop X observed that the tide was coming in, and soon would envelope alPtho earthly remains of ray cunning foe, and when it floured again, would carry it into the bosom,’ of thc-occari, my crime; would he buried forever. Bub, alas,not all tbp, billows could wash away tho consciousness from my memory or hide it from tho. face of heayen. As I saw tho body slowly submerged; all hope of aid from that source vanished. I de scended again, and remembering that ray dinner of tho previousjrovolution was yet -in the sack, untouched, and ray bottle of water "’yob uhtpsten, I- proceeded to un fasten tHera. ' - - I ato and drank but little, so as to raako my store of food preserve Hfo as long as possible. I,did nob relish it, but ate and drank from a sense of duty. Bub this small store of would' only keep tho vital spark within my breast for a fow revolutions, hb Host, ehd 'whilo my strength was yet unimpaired, it 'must make such effort as was possible tef find an egress, or give it up in vaih. ; . . I again trod hack and forth for some time, and as I stopped upon a spot near the centre of the enclosure, I thought it gave way/a little beneath my feet. T stopped down and felt all about mo to sco ;if-a cbircealod door was, not xindpx me. I was sure that, if many, giants' wore shut up in this place for suoli a length of time as would'onahlo fchpm-to withstand a siogb, fchoro must be other apartments and, per haps, avenues leading to some place where food could bo procured. As I 'was inspecting tho floor; I caught, through a.crovico,, not much bigger thah ,a pi n.head, a gleam of light from, bon oath. 'Before X cbuld fix nty eyo on the .spot, I ost its location. I; searched long and eagerly, and finally caughtitragain. Surely sonic light" was-directly under, mo. I took my dirk knife pnd forced tho point down at tho place where tho* gleam came forth! and, by pressing hard, uppn. it, buried it half its length. • Thoror wns .oyidotrtly a door thorp, bub, ; ■ |ri' all»‘probabiliby• it- fastened* 'from tho' riridbr sradv and'was sobhroiy Ipckcd,!. But I pried back and forth, and in 'every diroc tioiij t.^nd-was;, ultimatelyrewarded by digging rap un iron latch from tho cVovipo in which it had lain for ages, and taking hold of this, easily pulled backward on its hingps a nnfassiyo door, which revealed a flightr ot stops, which T'quickly descended tp t-hp depth pr.a ,and stood' vin a Jbng-qomdor,VHrijtinntiy iUuininated by natural- gas; for aflarabPau.(projecting from side pr wall of the corridor) which had Hpbn ligHtcd, perhaps abbrit tho time, Noah onmo out of tho ark,- still hurried,■ and lit up tlie region all about. . “Ah," ; 'lhbnglit I, “thosorgiants, in remote ; ages,, know of bhjs precious fluid, and utilised ,jt/V/,Eyidorib|y, tho last inhabitant Had' ■loft this.llghfc burnii)g, and it would buriv, on ; Aould boo iio ond -to tho long aisle, ~- fuily tqn«fopt wjt|i. .pf . solid Those wore, no dpuh'^; ivi»lkod' : 'we«(t-; found -a; tmjlpbHp) vTH fI/ ‘corridors ran oast's vwari bjily/ai fow- Hundred foot,. bufc in the} -fcp bo no o«?d i; ;• I^saw^ iri/‘f)bo7 ; diStoco;-'porlraps' Ihalf;a-! sfcut ; otHor« ; but/at tho socoridfight, the - sido entrances:, stoppotl. ( the ,^B-jbl^’' I exa-mtnpd one, /auC it was provided; with a; plpg / couldi bopushediu oxtinguishi ng thp.samo* l aa-w tho dosig u of.th'oivhoib thing. , .: ! -."vV ■ • Tj •*;*' . -• • ■ ; • r ,' -- This:was theldsbrespft of fchafc-‘ mighty race. .Tfthey/Wore driven into the toweji* j a nd;an-vontranca IprcedlUirough. that,' .they could; retreat to < this *plI ace, enter J the. si do rooms,; extinguish the light; leaving all in . total.diirkness.When iho, enemy filed ip aftbri a natural; cbiir take down the corridors toward the distant ;aud, 'as:, they passed along' those from' ..either side could full \ipon;them with their spears, and thus* “one ..'could ichaso m- .thousand,, : and 'two could put ten thousand fed flight.” . ' * : It, was a cunningly devised trap, jlove fatal than the pass; of Thormopylse, whore Leonidas, with his- -little- band, - did ;such/ bloody work.* • - ‘ X ventured to enter one of the side rooms; The dopr, which, was half ajar, swung 'easily /back,and. the which greeted my eyes Avas something which I qhco had ,been, and wbab. : 3'du and I, dear reader,: must soon, ghasfely skele ;tdu;v;'Tfr- nirid; feet high, and leaned. Kaok against the wall,I a petri fied masst The flickering .light, at first., gave, it fcho : appearance of moving, and I folt : hair raise, while my breath, .came thick anct fast. I soon saw, however, that it was lifeless; and as harmless las the javolin whioh -lay by’ its side. The groat, sockets,, where once the eyes sparkled, and the grinning 1 teeth presented a spec facld'tq ‘make the strongest man shudder'. 1 found several different kind ofiknivos, and a largo number of various stone, steel, and iron, utensils and devices of whoso use f.had opt the remotest idea. I rummaged a scoreor more of those caves, with tike results. . In most of them I found the re mains one to half-a-dozen Iskclc tous, but none of, thorn so well preserved as the first, -it was/evident, to. mo that this was the last of that extinct race. They had been, driven in the toivpr by those who inhabited; the country around about Giant's Cavo,ifnd bore besieged till they bCcamo, extinct/ * ■ It must have, been a long' process. X was satisfied that some way must have been known to these people to procure food without going out. The natural eat ables of the coxmtry could not bo preserved beyond a few revolutions at most, and I was impressed that those who wont to such groat paint ? to rear this structure and fashion these underground abodes wore ndb/so thoughtless as to fail to pro vide ag'uinst starvation. It gave mo.-ho.po. The irivesligatibn I liad made required mqny hours, and I' became so absorbed as to almost forget- that I’ was imprisoned in a sepulchre with no more agreeable com panions than' skulls and crossbbnos. Hungdr : caused me ro remorabor my con dition. T sab down and devoured all the food which remained in my sack, took a drink of my water, now quite warm, and .stretched out on a giant’s couch to sleep. Though I was tired, sleep came only after the hardest struggle. I thought of my Waunotta, who, in a few revolutions, would bo expecting" me to return, and when I came-not, how her poor grief stricken heart would ache ! How the tears would flow in torrents! The chief would, in- all probability, think I had stolon away and escaped to'The surface/ His indigna tion would know ho bounds; but she would not judgo me harshly. She would mourn mo as dead. Those thoughts wolUnlgh drove me mad, but I finally worried myself into a broken and. restless sleep, from whieh/I awoke feeling two years older than when I Iay down. I.was obliged, to find food soon, or the end would comp. I concluded to go up the 'tunnel, ; ifpossible, to the end. I "walked somobwo hours, but tho terminus did iiot appear. ; I was going directly . under, the ocean: I know this, for tbo tower was on the bank, and this passage, ran west. and north. When at.last I sat down to rest, I fathomed, as I thought, the mystery. This track led to tlie island two hnndred miles away. It was an underground road form ing tho : only' communication with that land. The present inhabitants of the island knew no moro-about it than the people who dwelt at this end. It was’formed, partly by nature and partly by art, in iho ages iii which the giants lived, and to thorn it was a-familiar path, but to modem races it was entirely lost. And* Well for tho happiness of all that it had become so. Had the savages discovered it, carnage and bloodshed would have filled the now quite land where my chief dwelt.- / I had no doubt biib iny solution of the matter was correct. But could I over reach the island? Two hundred miles, without food or .drink, was a long journey to go on foot. If I.did got there, what would it profit mo? I had no means of crpsaing / the ocean. I might crawl up on, "soma remote corner of tho • island, and, if not devoured- by the savages* manage to liyd a hermit’s life for a time, bub no moro ; life is dear, however, and no matter how miserable, wo are loth to give it up. Heaven has graciously endowed us with tbatsomothingcallod “ Hope,” which makes us endure every ill, momentarily expecting something bettor. Tlie prospect hf escap ing, even in that remote region was worth striving for, X resolved to nfako tho at tempt, and I.did., CHAPTER XXIX. I pushed on vigorously, but when I had proceeded about two miles, I came to an avbnuo, loading to Iho right, from whence I heard tho sound of falljng waters. Never travoller.in a barren desert-saw ; a distant oasis with more joy than I felt at that in stant. I turned down it. some ten roils, and came to tho brink of a running stream of fresh water. I lay down and drank ray -fill. A gas-jet burned brightly and shot its gloara for some, distance up and down the river. I had found tho drink, now fer tile food. It must bo near. I sab down upon what appooml to bo a huge stone, bub it gave way and I discovered it was only n’pil6 of human bones; The last victims had crawled hero to slake their, thirst and their remains .lay in a heap. But I liad become so accustomed to this sort, of thing it ceased to disturb rad. I thrdw tho bonos together, forming a bettor seat, and sab down again peering in tently into tjio waters of thiself.ygiaurivQr, half dreaming. Presently I saw something •move. Had I boon on the. surface, T would have pronounced ib a ; turtle. It wns-vory much like one, and also partpok somewhatof tho nature of’ an t oyster/ It had a shell on top like the turtle, but was iporfocbly-bhnd. o It badno ;oyos, nor did; it need any to dwell m such a place, 1 wos satisfied that tins was: my chance for a meal. - I liad-brought a spoor fron/oiiopf the caves, as a weapon when I should come -to the-island- I thrust it into this, crea ture and : ptilled: blm out. - - With mv knife;!; cut away tho most objectionable. looking parts, .aim- had enough' lofJt r .toH\Sj)ply' several ipioh men as I with a savory meal. I Bub how was! to cook it ? Iromomherbd.i the iron vessels I hud soon, and was. about to sot out to bring one, bub being tocf Imugry l fastened a piece on tho end of t my:8pear and hold it over the gas jot till jit waa oooked, and ate it, well pleased. It was; muqhyhko ap oysbor.m tastp. . J ; waa )mppy again J I could ihavo an* oysiot 1 stow ns pffcoq aS Hiked—a dish of wlnoh I was very (fond / J[ bbgorvod tbktrtheso am male wore .plentiful m the nvor, so that. I need f /X, woujd ? hrihg ihibhor* im iron vessel and cook and eat ..when X likod. > . . ' V I jiay-'gave • over; > for 1 the present, at least; thiHdca of trving-to find my way , .out on> the island,' jjut resolved ’toroturri/ and fully explore everything in the region\ pf :iJ5*6 to wo r before • £ojng 1 f u rth er. If; I found ;i imposfihloto.gpb.out there, then I would- try, olsowbero.; • A ft pr haying fully rested and' refreshed myself I went back and began such caves as I could' got into ;- but ’some . of tlip dpp^,.would not open. The hinges .bad either - become rusted. they wore i fastened from the inside. X found a great many, breastplates, shields and various weapons of offence and ■ defence which I resolved to come and take away, if I was ever so if or bun a to as to find my way out. When I'became hungry again, I took tSeveral vessels down to the river-so that I had all, the necessary .utensils for cooking and eating my meals.... For,' about, .three Weeks, I went over the same routine, pach involution; of eating, sleeping, and digging among the rubbish; always keeping my, eyes open for any secret avenue leading out, but X found nono. I bad gone up in to the tower very often and peered through tho holes, like a caged lion, panting to bo free, but at such times, I would return' more depressed than ever; so that I finally concluded not to go there again, I know, long ero this, my chief must have come in search of me ami had probably by this time, given up tho search in vain. [ I had, by means of my over- faithful watch, kept account of ; thc time, and it now wanted hub a few revolutions of my wedding day. Alas, what a different scone would he going on than that which I had anticipated. I felt sorry for my Waunetta and her father. How would they explain away the matter to. the as sembled multitudes ! The situation would he mortifying to the last degree. I was I more exercised on their account than on ray own. Except for the loss of the society of. ray idol, I was as well hero as any other placoj yet of course I longed to got out again to breathe the free air, and bask in tho cheering sunshine. Now that X had given up all hope of finding an exit at this en<|, Lbegan revolving in ray mind tho possibility of trying tho other end. It could do no harm at least. I was leaning against (he door of one of the side rooms, into which' X'had not yet entered, forming ray plans, when suddenly my weight forced (he door back and I foil in, and not merely in, hut some ten foot further down into a still lower chamber than any I’had over seen, Strange I had not tried this door before, hub I thought I had, and that it was fastened. As I fell on the steps and half slid down, it did not hurt me. I sprang to my feet and ex claimed; “ In the dcecpcst pit, there is a deeper - “ Yes and I guess the immortal trage dian must have had a knowledge of this j place when he penned the lines;’ In astonishment,'I discovered that I had fallen into a vast rectangular room, | forming as it were, the cellar of the j chamber above. It was tho armory of that ancient, race. A room some five bun- i dred feet square, utterly packed with spears, coats of mail, knives, battle-axes and—upon my word—cannons of vast size which must have been loud-mouthed and terrible as death. Here was an examplo of the cunning workmanship of that people. They’ wore trained-'in the art. of making devilish and destructive implements. No doubt, thought I, those plains above-mo have all been drenched with gore. There were upwards of two score of these implements of various size's. Quite a number of balls still lay piled hero and there, most of them considerably rusted. I found one cannon, at; least double t he size of the others, and by its side lay a supply of hollow balls, which closed upon a hinge and fastened with a clasp. (TO UK COXTIXUJBD.) Why can a man’s nose never he longer than eleven inches ? —Rocansc if it were twelve it would ben foot. .. “My wife,” said the tall, lantern jawed man, “ is as womanly a woman as you could find'; but she can hammer nails like lightning’.” “Wonderful!” sang the chorus. “ Lightning,” tho tall, lantern jawed man strikes twice in the same place.” Love’s manifestation—•“ What excuse,,if it wore possible to have any excuse for such conduct, have you for beating your wife ? ” asked the judge. “ She flung it in my face that I didn’t care a rap for her,” pleaded the prisoner, “and I justgavo her one to show her her error.” Teacher (of juvenile class) —“Johnnie, what was tho first thing the Puritans did when they landed at Plymouth Rook ? ” Johnnie—“They fell upon (heir knees.” Teacher —“That’s right, Johnnie, Now, Tommy, what was tho next thing they did ?” “ Fell upon tho aborigines.” -■ *Woro it on (ho surface, I wopdddQSonboita height by saying, it lifts its head, above the oloudej beyond the region ofotorndl bftlhos forovor in tho atraosphoroof tlio milky*' my 