PERILS ENCOUNTERED BY DIVERS. Divers who have teen down in foreign seas tell of exciting encounters with sharks. But it appears that " the demon of the sea," with all its voracity, is a little timidinthe presenceof tbestrange creature that wears a shining helmet, with the eye of a Gorgon and a long plume of hissing nir^bubbles. A diver who spent some years at the, Australian pearl fisheries describes in this way his first encounter with a shark:—" I felt instinctively," he says, "a strange presence before I saw anything. The small fish usually found in great numbers among the corals had entirely disappeared, and the absence of these flitting little companions, when one has become accustomed to them, produces the effect of intense still ness. A creep3*, indefinable sensation of dread took hold of me, and it became.one of downright terror when I turned and saw, within ten feet of me, tho bulk of an immense shark. The creature lay almost motionless, lialf hidden among a mass of cobweb corallines. My first thought was to he pnlled up; hut as fish have human nature enough to want a thing as soon as they see it is being taken away from them, I rejected the idea. A sweep of its tail, and the great fish and I were face to face. Holding my breath, I stood perfectly still, my heart heating wildly and my eyes riveted on the wicked eyes and cavernous month of the shark. I felt that the monster was inspecting nie with some curiosity, and after a few moments I became aware that by an almost imper ceptible motion of its flexible tail it was gradually approaching me. Nearer and nearer came the leviathan, the shovel sliapedhose pointing directly to my face glass. Flesh and blood could stand it no longer, and with a yell I shrew up my arms. Instantly there was a swirl of water, a cloud of mud, and my enemy vanished." Another shark story, this time from the "West Indies. "A large steamer," the diver relates, " had struck on a reef and then slipped off into deep water, taking down with her the mails and a valuable cargo. There were some papers that were particularly wanted, and I was in the chart-room under the bridge working for them when suddenly, as I turned, I saw the wicked snout of a big shark close to me. It was a nice fix to he pinned up in the corner of a little square room with a big brute between me and the door. I went creepy all over, I can toll you. But I kept still and so did he, except that he worked a fin lazily, like a screw steamer holding on against a tide. I got the knife in my belt loose, and waited. The shark evidently did net know what to make of me, and gradually drifted over to the other side of the room. I began then to move towards the door, and had almost reached it when the shark made a sudden rush in the same direction—and disappeared. Which of us got the bigger fright I don't know." But encounters with sharks don't always end so. Some years ago an English diver, who was at work on a sunken wreck off the island of Diego Garcia, had a visit from the same shark every (lay for a week. At first he had no trouble in scaring it away; it W3S enough if he gave a turn to the escape-valve in his helmet and let out a little air. But at the end of the week it had become very troublesome. The diver signalled for a knife and looped rope, and then boldly held out his bare hand as a bait to the shark. The monster came on with a rush and was turning on its back when it was stabbed by the diver, who then passed the loop round its body and sent it up to the surface. A cool head should certainly be included in the equipment of a man who seeks to earn his bread in the sea. The story is told of a diver who saw two ghosts. " full fathom five " under the surface, fie had gone down to the wreck on a large steamer, and was crossing the main saloon when two gray shapes of enormous size came shambling towards him. He did not wait to make notes for the Psychical Society, but gave the danger signal and was at once pulled up. Told in the cheerful light of day, it seemed rather a lame story; and another diver went down to see what he could make of it. To« wards him.also came the shambling gray shapes. He stood irresolute for a moment, and then, going boldly forward, struck his hatchet through—a mirror ! The ghosts were only a dim reflection of his own legs, much enlarged, of course, as everything is that a diver sees through the-great frontal eye of his helmet. An English hostess was entertaining about three hundred people at a reception and had providetToilly abputjseventy-five j seats. In .despair, sheJ-said' itKa com* 1 patriot: "/tlhgBam so distressed^ Not' three-fourths , ofly'thesg- people.'cab sit down!" Blessm^Vral,jnad:^ui_!j" he exclaimed,'sjfwhat's "the matter/with them?" X*'•■£*/■ The average speedoF a 'carrier pigeon in calm weather is 12flD"yar3s a minute. "With a strong wind in the direction of flight some pigeons have covered 1900 yards a minute. 