. 1 here are^^manjr ieKe.r8.,jo ana^er xuiB weekthat iBhallnottoid'Corth^my own account. Jn factf-1Sehotddreq for over my allottedspaceifl onl^piiblishedtlie letters just ps tliey stand, so' you trill ,Mnderatanil that "I must cut them 00)971 a good deal. ; To begin .with those held "over ,frbin last week". here is the finst:— ...Yorke Valley, July .3898. *. Dear Magpie—I omsoglad youhave started the "Sunbeam Bookshelf." ;lt 'is very interesting. 1 intended' writing the; first week - the column ap-. peared, but have delayed it till now. Reading over the opinions' .of books given' by; "you and your correspondents, is interesting. I was so glad to see you .did not like^A. E. Wilson's books very much. I, lrive read some of them, tliey being re commended to mevery strongly_by several. To say that I was disappointed-is only, half of.Wliat 1 felt, l'bey hold your attention at-the time, but aftdr you have finished, you fed quite mad at wasting so much time, For instance, in one of her books, called ."Infelice," the heroine, Irene, being in trouble, walks up and down the long hall with her beautiful hair hanging down her back, ami as she walks up and down, the monotonous sound of it trailing oh the carpet strikes a chill to the heart pf one Russell Aubrey, who is in another room. When I got there 1 wished' I had a pais, of scissors or glass, or even a chopper,- to cut some of it off for her, since she -was too pre occupied to do it for herself. It- seemed so un tidy and careless. I have read some of the "Elsie" Jjooks. 1 think they are overdone. Eisie is much too" perfect, and her father domineering in the extreme. Of Mrs. Henry Wood's, I have read "Sirs. Halliburton's Troubles" and "Trevlyn Hold." I like "Trevyln Hold" the beat. George Ryle is a splendid character all through. It is, indeed, a very nice book, and holds your atten tion from the first page till the last. Great favou rites of mine are "Poor Mike," "For Such is Life," "Caleb Carthew," by Silas Hocking; "Andrew Fairfax," "All Men are Liars," "The Birthright," by Joseph Hocking. . Can you tell me if they are related in any way? 1 have - read "The Old Curiosity Shop," by Charles Dickens, and liked it very much. I have read a great num ber of Pansy books. Some of the best are "Inter •ruptcd Julia" and "Esther Bcid," "Mrs. Solo mon Smith Looking On;" the three '.'Katy" books, by S; Coolidge; "Little Women," by L. Alcott; several by E. P. Roe, of which I like "Miss Lou" best—it is splendid. "That Lass o' Lowrie's" ,is another good one, by Mrs. Burnett. "The Lamp lighter," by Gumming, I also liked. One I liked very much was "The Throne of David" (Rev. Ingraiiam). You get the characters of Saul and liis people so well pourtrayed. It is so touching and thrilling. "Uncle Tom's Cabin" 1 have read, of course, and I need not tell you I liked it. The last book I read was "Cleg -Kelly," by S. R. Crockett. It was fine but then it is tinged with Scotch all through, and that always appeals to niv heart. 1 have read very little poetry,- excepting Robert Burns's. 1 uin very fond of his. M.v favou rites are "Man was made to Mourn," "Address to n young Friend" (Andrew Aiken), "To Mary in Heaven," and "Tain o' Shantor." Do you know the titles 01" any hooks telling you about Die planets and the stars; also one about 'the lost Pleiad? 1 have a fancy for those just now. I have read very little lately — for the past two years, in fact. When younger, I devoured every hook that came in my way. Perhaps some of the hooks 1 have mentioned may seem young for me. but you will understand that they were read some time ago. I am a Senior Sunbeam, and as such I wish to thank you most heartily for start ing the "Bookshelf," and wish it every success. It must be some labour for you to prepare the column. But when you know it is so much appre ciated you will feel repaid. I like a book that treats on the subject as shortly and clearly as pos-. sihle, so that it does not take too long to read. With best wishes and kindest regards, believe me, sincerely yours, A. .T. SMITH, P.M. I hope I have not tired you. > You have so many letters to read. Kot tired a bit. Write whenever you like, not every week, of course, but when you have something to say. I am afraid your opinion of A. E. Wilson's books will rpuso a storm of indignation amongst her admirers, but the bit you give so exactly shows what I object to in them—their un naturalness, that I let it stand. Who ever had hair long enough to trail on the ground and make noise enough to be heard in another room? It would have to be two yards long at least, and even then I do not see how it could make any sound. Mine is rot long enough, or 1 would try. Hut enough nonsense. You ask if Silas and Joseph Hocking are related. They aj-e brothers, I believe, both bora in Cornwall, both ministers, and both novelists. Silas Hocking was bom March 24, 1850, ordained 1870, as a minister of the Methodist Free Church, resigned his pastorate 1893. Joseph lloeking was born November 7, 1860, en tered nonconformist ministry 1884, travelled in Egypt, Palestine, Syria, Turkey, (i recce, &e;„ in 1887, aud has since 1891 published a novel every year. - As to books about planets and stars, "Starland," by Robert S. Hall, E.H.S., should interest you. Also anything by Proctor. "The Southern Skies," bv him should be helpful to you in learning to find the stain and planets .you are in search of. The price is, I be lieve, 5s. or thereabouts. Another "Star Atlas," by the same writer, has a most in teresting preface on "How to learn the Stars." Do any of my readers' go in for astronomy? If so, will they tell me what books they find most interesting and help ful? Also, can any one give me any infor mation as to the "Lost Pleiad." I feel as if I ought to know about it, but do not. T sympathise with your liking for anything Scotch. Here is another letter I have enjoyed reading: — i Yorkc Valley, July 15. Dear Magpie—I have been much interested in the "Sunbeam Bookshelf," and I enjoy reading Hie column very much. 1 think books are our best friends — that is. good books. There are many books that are besi left unread. In the past I have juM read whatever books that fell in my way —hooks from our Sunday-school Library, and from the Lilyiary Society's Library. Then, too, we often exchange books with our friends, and so, by different means, I liave read a good many hooks. Of Dickens. that I have read I like best "The Old Curiosity Shop," "Oliver Twist," "A I'hrisimas Carol," and "Doiubev and Son/' "The Old Curiosity Shop," whieli I read four or five years ago, made a great impression on my mind. Daniei Qnilp is a horrible diameter, hut Little Nell is one of the most lovcahle eharaeters ima ginable. 1 like Scull's "City Maimering" mid "The Talisman." They are both more than inte resting. 1 am very-fond of Seotiish hooks, espe cially of hooks relating to the manners and cus toms in the rough rude days when clans, k>j., reigned paramount. Grace Aguilar's "The Oavs of Uriioo" is a splendid hook, with some splendid oharaeto: s. Isabella, Countess of Buchan, is a grand woman. "Home Influence," by (trace Aguilar, .is a very good book. "Westward llo," bv Charles Kingsley. I read some years ago, and thought il splcndbi. I would like to renew my at (p auitatw e w ith it ngainnow. "The Last of the Mohicans," by J. I1'. Cooper, is a hook full of in terest anil excitement. Cora is a fine character— unselfish, high-spirited,• and enduring. I admired Cneas, "The Last of the Mohicans." very much. "The Phantom Ship" or "The Flying Dutchman" is a good .tale of romance. 1 did not like the theory of fatalism that ran all through . the hook. "Father Clement," by Grace Kennedy, is very good. "The Throne of David," by Ifev. Ingraliant, is an exceedingly interesting hook. Jonathan is a character to love and admire. I like reading "Talmage's Sermons" very much. They never seem dry, as some, sermons do. "The King's Cupbearer," by Mrs. C. FT' Walton, is a favourite of mine. It tells much of Nehemiah and his great work in rebuilding Jerusalem. We are told in this hook that the name Nehemiah meant "The Loid niv Comforter." "Idols of the Heart" and "Lake of the Woods," by A.L.O.K., are good books." "From Log Cabin to White House," which every hoy should read, is another favourite book of mine. "Cleg Kelly." by S. R. Crockett, is a fine book. Cleg is a splendid Irish and Scotch mixture—a manly boy, in spite of his misehief- loving nature, and villainous father. . . Of course I like "Uncle Tom's Cabin." "Robinson Crusoe" I enjoyed reading as much as any boy. I think, I must not forget "Lamb's Tides from Shakespeare," which 1 likpd very much. The "Amazon and iia Wonders," and "The Travels, of Sir Samuel Baker" are both interesting and in is just jriiat.ita hGednfc^.ia anplendid: book'for thoseiood of' history.- Newt timel will toByoU; of some of .the.bo<>ksTJ dislike,' but mustjelose now with grateful -Uiankv-aa an AasocUte.San-' beam for the '^polc^i^^ iroin'C. L 'SinTO.; " \- J. have bad' to gmitpart^of yolur ,fet.of. books because of want cfspaee. • I like your! continents on .whafi you 'Have. read,, and .cm glad to see thai^ you can give reasons for your likes and dislikes j also that you read sotae general literature as .well as fictioiu I read, very few tales x»f ad venture wbjen .'I •was a little-girl.r I liked my advemturc .ieal, 1 and read travels as you dtf, and I remember " enjoying Sir Samuel Baker's books very much. I cannot tellyou hotvwhich I liked Best, but. I fane v. I read roost of, them. Write again,.and he sure to try for the com petition, both of you.. Ellie Wemyss writes as follows:— I am a "Sunbeam,", .and I am thirteen years of age. I am sure 1 shall enjoy, your chat about books in " "The" Journal" every j week. I' cannot tell you -how very fond of reading 1 am, or how many books I line read. Here are a few of them:—"Uncle Tom's Cabin/' by Harriet Beecher Stone; "The Vicar of Wakefield," by Oliver Goldsmith;"LittleWomen," ,by Miss Alcott; "Little Lord Fauntleroy," by Mrs. Burnett; "Seven . Little Australians," /'Hie Family at Misrule," "The Little Larrikin,',' and "Miss Bobbie," by Miss Ethel Turner; "The King's Daughter," "Wise and. Otherwise," "Sidney Martin's Christmas," "Little Fishers, and their Nets," "The Man of' the House," "Cliristie's Christmas," "Tip Lewis's Lamp;" "Crispy Endeavour," "Four Girls at Chautauqua," "Cliaiitauqua Girls at Ilmne," and "Ruth Ers kuie's Crosses," by Pansy. These, and many more, have been given to me from time to time, and are all my own. I would like to know if-you have read Miss Ethel Turner's "Story of a Baby," and if so, wliat you think of it; as, al though I have not read it myself, some of my friends have, and tliev tell me that they ,do not like it as much as Miss Turner's other books, and advise me not to gel it. Will you please tell me your opinion of it; and also of the "Pansy" series, a good many of which I have read. I have read Miss Ethel Turner's "Story of a Baby," and I think your friends are right in saying that you would not like it as well as the others—it is more a story for "growr.-ups." Baby plays a very small part in it. Have you raid "Little Saint Elizabeth," by Mrs. Hodgson Burnett? I think you would, like "An Old Fashioned' Girl," by Miss Aleott, and I should like you to try some of Mrs. Molesworth's and tell me what you think of them. Adelaide, July 23, 1898. My Dear Magpie—T have watched the progress ol the "Sunbeam Bookshelf" with much interest, and wislt you every success. 1 will he 21 in three montliB, so am wondering if you will let me join your "Bookshelf." I have written out a list oi the books I have read— 200 so far. 1 daresay there are many that 1 have quite forgotten. . . . "Edith Vernou's Lifework" is one of ray favourites. Cam you tell me who the author is? I have not read any of Dickens's hooks yet. They always seem bo dry after you have been reading sentimental novels. Will you name one for me to start with? "Uncle Tom's Cabin" is an old friend. E. P. Roe's books are beautiful. "Barriers Burnt Away" and "A Young Girl's Wooing" 1 like best. 1 am very fond of Annie Swan's, Ethel Turner's, and E. J. Wilson's hooks, and enjoy Miss I^-addon's, Dora Russell's, and Florence Marrvat's novels very much. With Mrs. Henry Wood's books 1 have spent many a pleasant hour. 1 will conclude now, as 1 am afraid 1 will weary you. With every good wish for the success of the "Bookshelf," 1 am, yours truly, GLADYS. I am glad to hear from you. and welcome you most heartily to the "Bookshelf." You must not expect to hear of all the latest novels, and so on, but perhaps when enough older ones have joined we might arrange a •systematic course of reading 'and form a sort of "Upper Bhelf. ] shall be very glad if this can be managed—but we will see. I think 1 sympathise with your likes, as shown by your list of fayourite books, but do you not think it would be well to take a turn at some of the standard writers? Of Dickens I fancy it would be well for you to read "The Old Curiosity , Shop" first, then my pet "Nicholas Niek j lebv." Read not for the story, as you do in Ho|»es, but for the characters and quaint thoughts. In the first book 1 have a par ticular affection for the Nubbles family, Mrs. -1 alley and her waxworks, and Short, the cheerful partner in the Punch and Judy firm, while Dick Swiveller's soliloquies are a constant source of delight. There! I wonder if you will agi-ee with me, or set me down as incurably vulgar and fond of low company? Who can tell "Gladys" who wrote Edith Vernon's Life Work? "Woodlands," Edwardstown, .tunc 20, 1808. Dear Magpie—I think the "Sunbeam BookslicU" a capital idea, especially as it is open to any one. It should encourage those who are not fond oI reading to kindle a liking for it. I have read some very nice book6, viz.:—"Bashful Fifteen," "A World of Girls," and "A Sweet Girl Gra duate," by T. S. Meade; "The Cliaimings" and "Kol-and Yorke," by Mrs. H. Wood. ] do not care for her books at all. I am very fond of his torical books, but have not read many. Those I liked best were "Wocdom's Sword," by A. Swan; "The Scottish Chiefs." The name of the author J forget,_ but 1 liked this book very much, and I would very much.like to know who it is by. My favourite authors are A. E. Wilson (1 cannot agree wilii you about your opinion of her books, as 1 like them very much. They are, I flunk, (lie most unnatural books I ever read, but I cannot help but admire lite characters site introduces), H. llarr, Anthony Dope, M. Corelli, Clark llusseli, Mark Twain, and Prentiss. 1 have read many more books, the authors of which I i'urgot. 1 have read "The Day will Gome," by M. K.' Urad don. bill 1 do not care for her books at all. 1 am sending you three mottoes, but I do not think tlieni very good, as they seem more like morals. Wishing the "Bookshelf" every success, 1 remain, yours sincerely. S. MA\\\\\ i'.J.I.. P.S. — Dickens and Scott are also favourite authors of mine. I hope you will advisp me what kind of hooks to read. I started to read "Life of W. E. Gladstone," but it was very dry. i am 13 years old.—S.M. You ask n;c to advise you what books to read. Do you know, I think you have been reading some that are lv,o old for you. IStill. 1 am glad that you read Scott and Dickens. I think that at present you should keep to historical novels and well-written [ biographies, v itb n nice homelike story | now and then. "Gladstone's Life"was per haps rather a tough cue to start on. Yon j »mild nee.) some knowledge of politics and j t'OiiUunpoiary history to understand it. I j have just been reading the "Life of Darnel Beecher iSlowe," by Annie Fields, and I think you would like il. J will look out for ' some readable biographies of famous men. I When 1 was learning nuts-'c 1 read all the 1 lives ot composers I conhl gel hold of. | What is your special hobby? Make that. | four starting point, and read round it. If you are really fond of history you have an endless held before jvou. Dave you any favourite period? Thank you for the mottoes. The last is the best. MOTTOES. Books should to one of these four ends conduct, For wisdom, piety, delight, or use.—Deitliam. Let me hear from you again. Clifton-street, Prospect, July 27, JS!)8. Dear Magpie—I am very sorry that 1 have not been able to give .vou my opinions on "L'uele Tom's Cabin," but as it is a very long time since I liave read it I do not remember it sufficiently to pass an opinion on it, .and I have been too ill • bis last fortnight to read it again. A short time ago I read a beautiful -book. It was called "The Seals of the Mighty," by Gilbert Parker. Have you ever read iff .Mother thought that it would have been too liesvy forjiic. but I understood it perfectly, and in a couple of montlis I intend reading it again. 1 always like to read a good hook two or three times, as I seem to get better acquainted with it—especially if thej" are Dickens's works—and ver) often savings and characters that iutve not impressed .me much at first, have become quite bright and interesting when 1 have read about tliem a. second time. I renumber reading a long time Ago i^vjayljih*j -Vfifmere^' - 4t washflrbfa,_,—rT—^-._ : always. seems to ~#tep -Into ■'■^y^otaia^^vm'SSf^m Imppen to vrakeupiin'. fbeiUgbt I imAgiliatli&t;*:^,: "great-black ' ;ghost is standing; by my bed. ; 66,.-- ;{.•. Dear Magpie, if that is tflic.^ar«et*tt»t ^hwt-^3 utojieshave onme,' doyou pot think ilv^ l tuui ;.^ better -leave tlieiSi alonein the <ul>ff^ lor aatterK^ Sloes? l am going, to start reading alwuttherliysa^,; -el. clpyer men-ahd women. 1 shall begin vriUj.Sk^ •Walter Seott. . tiaye you oyer raid Ids so', is it lnter^W» l:hoj*'l ^rall ^e it .b^At^s - ' .than '.'Scott's Emulsion," width 1 have to'take. X -".''V will-note conclude ^rith best wishaetothe sueeeii •;;••: •' of the "Bookslielr." . I remain.youri truly-: TflfME, BENNETT... - " P.S.—In a previous letter youasked me.wjio' :: "Stirring Tales of Colonial Life" , was by. -It is . written;by Slupp Borlase.'—'T, JB.■ J :. ■ ', ~.C-' -■/■?, Motto—Bead Well and ponder deeply. . -- .r; . .it: *;- * Certainly leaVe gliosis, alone fora*while.;;v: -"Mother is right. She always IB—is ahe ' not? 4s to f5cott*s "Kfe," I am not'sure . how you will like It. ; Somegirls would call it.dry, but I think I could have read it and enjoyed it at your age; It all depends on what "Life" you intend to read. Some would be too long for you. ' Mount Torrens. July SI. ;. Dear Mdgpie—What a nice idea "Uur 8unbeam Bookshelf" is. I have reft'd alt the tetters every week, and am notv going to write one. *' Ihavd read a lot of books. ; The. only one of .Miss A1-" eott's that I ever cared for was."Little Men." "I have icad "A Great Emergency," " A Flat Iron for a Farthing," and "Jackanapes," by Mrs. J. H. -. Ewing, and liked them very much. I am. very ... fond of tiic stories that run' in "The Boys'" Own Paper." There is one called "My Friend Smith." - .it is by the same author as "The Fifth Form of St. Dominic's." Can you tell uiewho that.is, please, as I -would like to read some more, by the same if ever I get the chance? 1 have read all but two of the "Elsie Dinsmore" books, and two of the ''Mildred" books. "Melbourne Bouse," "Daisy," and "Daisy in the' Field," by Miss Wctbcrell. 1 like all the children in Iter books. "The Daisy Chain" and "Magnum Bonum," by Mrs. Vonge, arc very nice books. I had a present _ of a book given to. mc last week. It is "A Noble ^ Life," by Mis. Craik. Tliat is tl»e first of hers that 1 have read, but I bopc to know the others soon. I am sorry to say I can't go in for Die competition. I really haven't got any favourite author or book, but I hope it will be a success. I remain, yours truly, BESSIE KIVETT. Thanks for your letters, Bessie. I. liked the prompt way you corrected your mis take. Changing a comma into a fullston has put it all right, you see. I cannot tell you who wrote "The Fifth Form at St. Dominic's" and "My Friend Smith," but perhaps some oue else can. Brighton, July 30, 1898. Dear Magpie — I liave just been reading your letter, and 1 thought 1 would like to write to you again. X like reading the other girls' letters to see which books they have read, and which they like best. You mentioned "The Princess and the Goblin," and "The Krinccss and Curdic." Well, I don't like those books. I don't care much lor fairy tales at all. I like somctliing that could be real. 1 don't like Sir Walter Scott's books. I have read "lvanhoc," and I stalled "Kenilworth," but 1 left it off, as I didn't like it. I likp tales of adventure best. Since I wrote last 1 liave read "St. Elmo," by A. Wilson. That's a grand book. "Aldersyde," "Across Her Path," "St. Veda's," "Ila/.oi 1 and Sons," "A Vexed Inheritance," "A Bachelor in Search of a Wife," by Annie Swan; "The Seven Little Australians," and "The Little Larrikin," by Ethel Turner (I have read them both before), "Tlie Mountain Daisy'' (it's a lovely book, but. 1 don't know its author), "For Light and Liberty," by S. K. Hocking; and a few others. The three best, I think, arc "The Seven Little Australians." "The Mountain Daisy," and "St. Klmo." I am going to read "A Guinea Stamp," by Annie Swan, next. Do you think 1 will like itf I don't care so inuch for poetry, but I like some pieces. These are some of my favourites:—"Foot steps of Angels," "Billy's Hose," "Idiot Boy," "Little Jim," "Trouble in the Amen Corner," "Whistling in Heaven," and "Mary in Heaven." I expert you are sick of me by this time, so with live, I'll conclude. 1 remain, yours truly, FIjOK B1K ANDEHSO.Y. P.S.—I mean to try for the competition. Motto—Books leave U6 heirs to ample heritages, of all the best thoughts of the greatest sages, and giting tongues unto the silent dead. — Long fellow. Dear me! Here's a chaJlenge. We must agrei to differ, Florrie, for our tastes are evidently not the same. I think minds are made in different shapes, and so it takes different books to suit them. However, I hope you may come to" my way of thinking in course of lime, as to .Scott, at any rate. Fairy tales one must Dike to by nature. It is a taste that cannot be acquired. Telegraph Ulilce, Aldiliga, July 28, 1898, Dear Magpie—X should very much like to join the ".Sunbeam Bookshelf," as I'm an Associate Sunbeam, and take an interest in all connected with it. I'm very fond of reading, and have read soine very good hooks. Will give you the names of a lew I've read lately"Brotherhood, or in the way of Temptation," illustrated by Frank Dodd; "Bearing the Yoke," by Helen Shiplon; "Minn," and "Edgar's Wife," by Bsme, Stuart (very nice); "A Woman ol Business," M' Brain ston; "Ilex," by author of "A Hero Poet;" "Her Will and Iler Way," by Mrs. Newman; "Mrs. Dobbs's Dull Boy," by Annette Lyster; "George Harrington," by David Macrae; "Linley ltoehford," by Jusliu McCarthy; "A Social Highwayman," by E. P. Train; "The Unlioly Wish," and other stones, by Mrs. Ilenry Wood; "Geoffrey Ilamlyn" (forget the author). Like Mrs. Henry Wood's best, and Justin McCarthy's not had. Wishing vou mere success, vours trulv, MAI D CONLON (age 10). '■(ieoffiy Hainlyn" is by Henry Kingsley, ami the descriptions of Australia very good. 1 hope i shall hear from you again. North Adelaide, August 3. Dear Magpie-Your "Bookshelf" has satisfied a wanl. I have long fell for some one else's opi nion on the books 1 have read, and what I ought to read. I am very lor.d of reading; hut am afraid my digestiun was spoilt when a child by ton much light reading. 1 have read nearly all the "Elsie Dinsniore" hooks, but would not re commend them as healthy reading for youug folk, as they arc apt to destroy the appetite for more solid leading. Their characters do not seem to fit in to every day life. Tiiey are too good. 1 liave been tr\ ing to cultivate a taste for Dickens's works, and liave succeeded at last. I say at last, because I have tried before, but did not feel interested chough to finish what 1 had started. 1 have finished "Pickwick Papers," and a pan of "The Old Curiosity Shop." I intend reading all 1 am able to piocure. X have read a good many or Mrs. Mrs. Wirboise's books, and toimd some of them very helpful. I likpd "Grey, and Go'ol" very much, but . my favourite was "Sixsie." I eolihl sympathise with Sissie. It showed what n lot a girl can do in a house where there are ynungrr brothers and sisters, i think I liked "Julie Eyie" belter than any other book I have ever read! hut as it is some years since 1 read it, I could not give ail opinion on it untii 1 doso again. 1 have read ten of (ho "Pansy" books, but' do not care for Hum. They du not seem to have any sympathy with anything outside their own world. 1 *vi!l git'' vou a list of a few I have read and liked:—"Scottish Chiefs," Miss Porter; "Dawn." Hider Haggard; "The Lamplighter," Miss Cummins; "The Tvrui of His Natural Life," Marcus Clark: "Called Back," Hugh Conway; "The Mill on the Floss," G. Eliot; "Ivanhoe," "Guy Mannoring," Sir W. Seolt; "L'nele Tom's Cabin." Mrs. Stowe: "Only a Commoner," "Ships that Pass in the Night," "Only Human." I don't know the names of the last three authors. Could vou help me? Sincerely yours, MAKGAUET BAH15. Now I must stop, though there are other letters I should like to answer this week. I must just thank Alice Linforth for telling tne about tbo motto she sent. Some one had once seen it in a hook, it seems, but could not remember the author. Thank you for writing. Alice. Try for the competition i,v all mentis. Letters from Hose Byrnes, Ethelwvn H. Badger, M. D., and Decima, aud Kate Cousin 1 must hold over for next wiiplr MAGPIE. The fruits of a successful life grow on the tree of ecouoiuv. Kiirly rising in the morning makes early retiring in the evening pleasant. ~ ' S3I V 