FOR RUBE'S SAKE, I — w Working honr. were over ii^the Great White | Csuyon. Mary Vomer pulled dowu tbo littls t winduw of the post-office of which she was mis- %• tfs, swept the contont. of the narro" counter into a drawer, abich ahe locked ; then pinning broad-leaved hatabovetheourls that clustered j ibuut her brow, she passed out ol her log cshlu uto the sweet eveuing sir. As she reached the low fence which rsn hrr me ber honae a hurried foot«tep sounded tnrough the gathering gloom, and a man's voice Sc that yon. Wary, my girl P Ton look l-it'e wore than a ghost under the shsdow of t r ?»so 1'ii'l.r* " Vou're kfpt your promise, di-nreal, slid to see me," she cried, ss she threw bersrlf int j the arms of hor lover. lteuben llslse kissed the red lips so frankly cDfred before he spoke. " Yes, Mary, I've kept, my promise, but I've some to ssy good-bye." " Gnod-bye— goud-bye 1 Vou're going away ? You're goiug to leave me—your sweetheart— your wile tbat is to be. " Uy dear little girl, dost err— 1 don't grieve. You've been my saeetbeart, faithful sod true, but ne can nerer many." The strong man's voice broke and died into silcuce. Go on : tell me tbe worst," sobbed the girl In his arms. Listen, dear. You know that latterly thine, bavo gone wrong with me. Tbe bit of money aaved for our wedding in the fall was stolon, aod then the cabin I'd built for foa down by the Blue Pools was burnt. Btlll, tbsrs was the farm stock snd your little purss of savings left, but the drought has killed the stock and—oh, Mary, how caa 1 tell you F" Uary drew apart from her lover and stesdied her trembling form against the gsrdsn fenee. *' 8omeone has robbed you of the money 1 gave you. Oh, my poor boy " Bhe stretched forth ber pitying hands toward! the man before ber, who ouly bowed bis head «d shuffled his feet in the thick white dust. " Tell me, Reuben, tell me how It bsppened. Ah, surely, you are not thinking tbat I shsll blame you tor such a misfortune," aod onos more she crept to his side. But Reuben thrust her from him. " Twss no misfortune ; 'ta-as a crime. Your little savings, those few ooins you've starved and scraped to beep, lie there." He pointed with hi. lean, brown hand down the caayon to where, amidst a druse miss .1 foliage, a few lights twinkled. Maty staggered. ••Down thers F At Ffolllett'. I I lost it all ktlarolasl nighV for a movent ne sound but tbe evening breese whispering among tbe creeper, and bushes and the hanh note of a tight bird broke tbe silence. Then a -women's voice, tender and low and full of tears,mur mured, "Rube, dear Rube, 1 forgive jou " " Don't. Uary, don't 1 I'd rather you would strike me 1" The etsrt twinkled their diamond eyes oo thi tnan and girl as they said farewell. For Renben had settled to leave the canyon tbat night. " Bill Hedfem, One-eyed Sammy, and Joe, the Portugee, are going, too. We're all broke. and maybe will starve out there," and he waved bia baud towards the wide forest land of Arlsona, " a. in tbi. canyon here. Don't aoh so, my girl, youll break my heart. I'm not worth a tear Irom your pretty eyes or a choke in your white throat. But, Uary, you might pray fur me sometimes, aud when you're married to a good chap as don't go to Ffolliet&'a and neglect bis farm for the tables and tbe bar, think ol tne-e, wbu loved you, bat was not worthy to have you." fteuben Basel and hi. companions had been gone from the Great White Canyon for a week. Mary's cheeks, never Terr full of colour, had grown pale and heavy, and blue line, beneath ber large eyes told of sleepless nights and many tears. Yet Paul Harding—" Beauty Paul, as be wss called in ths canyon—thought hr had never sten Uary look ao lovely as he olattned np to the door of tbe post-office one morning and asked the young •»*t-oiirirr«a if there wise anything for him. •' Nothing for jou to-day." Yet Paul seemed loth te go. He pulled his long, tawny moustsche, jiogled his spurred boats upon the floor, and continued to stare through the pigeonhole window at the girl, as »bt flitted about her usual business. Anything 1 cao do for you T" die asked him presently. " ^p," Paul said alowly, taking lu every , detail of the gill's pretty figure.dad in a cotton lrockof gentiae blue. '' But might I speak to jou con minute—privately." ' You caa say what you bave got to Say where yes ale. lie eland silently, fett'a&bipbwty; sad as bis eyes srandnced np they "lit .on tbe enowy 1 ' thalne of brigbt atemds. and ehining aanee-'' pans which lio^ ths walls. • a.,\\..i How different you keep tbe (Oao. frOmi what a snao's shanty is—" Cut bestayed Ua complimsata. .' " Yoe live down by "tbe Bin Pools, don*. *»r v- :v.v v.7: v.; • i •* Yes. next to Booben Halse tfll bkplaoe] was burnt out.and becameto snyebanty. I; EuWttreedayaback.** Yon aaw Ttubfc>" : !Uaiy cla<|nd ber bands ieK&i.; tWifnUW ^ms jpjsssed Ibmsgh, dAOgT«n> »al»h. -i'm t*» >put then this itwoinonths pastbelping blmbraeSandajsunt tbebattl*. >;Bubs«sldbisitfaat|x>aiBndbe bad ! pkrtod; iaodtise rcasobwby. «e aak« L «nk to rpy ; jimpr ilu^j I^n; 4kS*ti\h .S-!>-'tj <4 l.ilM ,to. iTh.Jupdmde cowboy, tall! and stroca I feiwt, clad ta the pict«raa<)<»ly of lAa saliin^.tenti'likeneed-1 ' « Surdy. Paul Harding,<or«ubrt Baks, yoa knay took- jsJtet'me"wh«i 4- euV-ttxkaTter: \- myself." ' * * . - r ; ; askedihertoMf ».°t -jlhl^^:^ . «ie"4ay;iWMfair, jfbd <M Beaa^ MrjPtiil. «mn«d ber ^ith stories ef fiob^ aod 'mtaa they -oatne to an e|ld be toldbircrbistiwii ^ W ^ M M mng «aaiiditait«iib ffmWfoMtf bu «<yi end blibeelth la fij»t- —••"'--•-r -t-l'rf'i'^i fajjiiiiiiifn ber log eahin, and heltker'the bloe^ noritu up 'bispromi«to' 'Sttcsdfartwaske.; -ja, 1 tsonium, with ths •• Beauty" u a presidio, demon. V nbeard of it snd refused to speaV or look at him. Thou it was that he fluag himself Ix-Tnte ber one day and preyed ber to ure him Iwni that whirb he was poworless to save himeP]f from'drink aud dire and bad compauiuna. And she did whet oilier women hate done bdore Ler and will do sgaiu. bhe placod ber bsnd in his, and, with ber heart full of Rube liaise, she promised to marry raul~-furbii soul'a sske. The eve ol their marriage dar arrived, and witb it Paul's alluwsnce from Kugland. The occasion and the oppoitunity suggested , farousp, aud Paul informed tbe " b.iys " be would he standing trest at the FlullietCsthst Slight fur the last time. J'aul was lull of liquor—he had diunk Mary'i health with every m.n in the place--aud be Also full of luck for once in a way. A pi\r of gold lay before bim ou the table, aud he war lust prepostog another round in Uary's hotioar when big Bill ltedfern strodo in and «raa greeted with a about of " AUoo,Bill, you baukT What luck, pard F" " Luck, my lads, I leave luck to fool, and dead beats. I've been working, and.thanb God, I've worked for something. I've put my sweat snd musclo Into the ground and I've struck ore! None of your dust or pockets, but s seic aa broad as ao ox's back and as long aa a rivsr, sod so I've corns bsck with Rube— — " Paul looked hp with a stsrt. Here was be drunk in a gambling hell a. the ere of bia marriage with Uary, and Rube had oeme back. " What did you say f " be muttered. " I aald Rube and I had come back. But don't let me disturb your gams. Come, eome, hate a drink ; I'm standing trest, and as to Rube, bete's bis health and Mary's I " " I'm standing treat I " shouted Paul.tpringlug up. " Bave a drink with me !'' And with this hs flung bis liquor in Bill's fsce aod mads a rush at him. A pistol flashed, a blue puff of smoke died in tbe hot air,and " Beauty " Paul lay stons dead on Ffolliett's Boor. Some ol them went up tc the ptet-offir* to break the sews to Uary. There wss a light jn tbe window, and by it they saw Rube and ber sitting talking. Quietly and with bowed bead, •hey left tbe cottage add returned to Pfollieti'i without fulfilling their minion. Negt dsy a rough-and-ready jury having conslderid all the circumstance, of the case and with due appreciation of Bill Bed fern's prowess as a tod abet, decided that Paul bad courted on pa lurposs a certain death, and they returned a vtrSli ' ot *' Suicide wblle of unsound mind." 