THE LIGHT TEAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural !ans and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited tli? "adepfe," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of ending out the secret of I their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to ex amine some ancient banskrit manuscripts, j An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read here," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft pearly light brightened the cave. lie could not tell whence it came, bat be noticed that it bad one strange quality— it cast not the tliahUst shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it bave no reason for doubt except that all the lights youj bare seen have cast shadows. Belief or un- j belief commonly rnns parallel with one's own' experience. Dr. Johnson suiffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock-lane ghost. A man who has been ill for yean and failed to find a cure is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which tbey believe will make him welL What else hut doubt could result from his experience? Take an example :— I "la the spnog of 1888," writes our corre-, epondent, "I fell into a low, weak, and lan guid state. I felt low-spirited and out of eorta. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I bad pain and weight at the chest I was much troubled with wind and frequently spat np a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of Bpirits. 1 kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on 1 continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took re lieving me. At last 1 heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup and procured a supply. After I bad taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Siraed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hocldey Hill, Birmingham, June Bth. 1893." There i> a deal cf difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be ; true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other band we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of enquiry and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel'a Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that and thrown the light of health and happi ness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. iai33K2lu3Jx22-36 