THE WEST AUSTRALIAN $u*tdctg Firnes. SUNDAY, MAY 1, 1898. GOVERNMENT CHANGES. Once again the kaleidoscopic Government, as Mr. Illingworth aptly called it, has undergone a change. The retirement of Mr. Wittenoom has necessitated a further shuffling of the cards, al- though the King of Clubs, or rather umbrellas, is still uppermost, while the Knave of Spades has gone hence to chase boodle in a more convenient sphere. This is decidedly a change for the better in some respects, bat the new. appointments in the Cabinet, though the best which could be made with the meagre material at the disposal of the Minimi ry, are still open to very serious critic cinn.~ 1 -^t*--<".r ?# . ? ? . ? # ' Mr. H. B¿ Lefroy, the new Minister of- Mines, comes'to the possession of his new portfolio with the dubious advantage pf knowing Absolutely ' nothing about the work he is called npon to perform, and is quite unhampered by the teachings of previous experience. Being totally ignorant of mining: is, no doubt, his best qualification for office in the eyes of the Pre- mier, and as ignorance is a sine qua non in the-Mines Department Mr. fíiefroy should prove a brilliant 'success from the Ministériáf^oint of view. 'Whether he. will be equally successful with the public is another «question. Two factors will tend greatly in Mr. Lefroy's favour, lt would be absolutely impossible for the most ignorant dunderhead ever created by an inscrutable Providence to make a worse hash of affairs than did Mr. Wittenoom, and alongside that monument of crass incapacity Mr. Lefroy may shine with a sub- dued glowworm-like light, which, by comparison with the dead beacon just transported to London, may appear positively brilliant. It is, indeed, something for the ministry to boast of that they have rednced the Mines Department to such a state of chaotic inefficiency that no appointment they can make san possibly make it any worse than it is at present. The other circumstance that will help Mr. Lefroy is the appointment of Mr. Francis Gill as Under- secretary. This gentleman's knowledge pf the mineral in- dustry and its laws is just as vast and varied as Mr. Lefroy's ig- norance, and no doubt Mr. Gill will prove a valuable ghost to the political automaton who is to mas- querade as Minister for Mines in the Legislative Assembly. * * # In another respect the appoint- ment of Mr. Gill is painfully suggestive and significant. Dur- ing the recent alluvial agitation, Mr. Gill took a strongly partisan stand in favor of the leaseholders. His appointment to this important post indicates clearly enough that the Government is still addicted to the policy of injustice and con- fiscation which culminated in the Kalgoorlie "Riot." Although the Ministry ignominiously sur- rendered to the pressure of goldfields opinion, they are still determined npon depriving1 the alluvial miner of his rights if possible, and Mr. Gill has doubt- less been appointed in order to show tbe Ministers a more skilful j and constitutional mode of com-1 mit ting a political crime than the j blundering methods adopted by I that example of incapacity and in- eptitude, the late E. H. Wittenoom, of ever wretched memory. * * * Mr. George Randell, the new Cole nial Secretary, is an old and respected citizen. Like most of this class in Western Australia he is also one of the most awful ex- amples of the reactionary spirit which the nineteenth century has permitted to survive. A con- servative of the conservatives-a man wholly ignorant of political economy, hopelessly out of touch with the spirit of the age, his ap- pointment shows that the so called Liberalism of Sir John Forrest is more than ever a farce and a sham and that the Cabinet is deter- mined upon maintaining in- tact its policy of Krugerism. An example of the benighted state of this gentleman's mind is offered by his attitude some years ago on the question of construct- ing the Eastern Railway (to York and Beverley). This wise legis- lator was of opinion that the rail- way terminus of the colony should be at Guildford rather than Fre- mantle, in order that the business of lightering on the river should not be interfered with ! It is to a person - of this kind that the Forrest Ministry entrusts one of its most important offices and the Leadership of the Upper House ! * * * It is well-known that the SUITDÂY TIMES as a journal, and its editor personally, has always taken a most active interest in the ques- tion of penal reform. We are sincerely desirons of seeing the prison system of the colony placed upon a rational and humane basis. We have no undue sympathy for criminals as snch, but every sym- pathy for them as helpless men and women, whose faults and follies have placed them beyond the ordinary pale of haman hopes and rights. We are very anä&ras-to; éee each changes brought about as will make our gaols hospitals for the cure of crime rather than dens pf torture for the vindictive punishment thereof. We very much fear that the appointment;of Mr. Randell to the chieftainship of that depart- ment which controls the prisons will prove a sad check to all humanitarian effort. Mr. Randell, unhappily, was an inhabitant of this- colony ^during the darkest period of its history. To him the: Hock, the gallows, and the ¿141b. iron are the ordi- nary accessories of criminal punishment; and hg is completely Ont of touch^wi^^all those re- forms in penology which . have made ita science instead of a mere exposition of bru te force a nd social vengeance. A healthier public opinion on these matters has of late been aroused throughout the colony, and the selection of Mr. Randell, as chief gaoler of the colony, looks as if the Forrest Ministry were anxious to put the brake on it. But they may rest assured that the march of humanity is not to be hindered by the. placing of such an insignifi- cant obstacle in the way as Mr. Randell. If he proves stubborn on these matters, so mach the worse for him will it be politically. * * * Altogether, we are about as much pleased and displeased as usual with the actions of the Go- vernment. The appointments mads show that Ministers are not weaned from their old-time policy of conservatism and plutocratic oppression, and that as heretofore everything that can be done will be done to check progress and the legitimate political aspirations ol the people. But, after all, we are not greatly perturbed at these events. The fact of a dog return- ing to his vomit affects no one's health but that of the dog and perchance a casual spec- tator. One thing is certain that no matter how the Ministrj try to emulate the role of Mrs Partington in her endeavours tc brush back the Atlantic Ocean, thc tide of reform will keep on rising, in defiance of ali their puuj efforts. And the more political dead-weights Sir John Forres! attaches to himself the less chance he will have of floating triumph antly upon the wave, which feat al one time he could have performec easily. But the Opportunist ha: missed his Opportunity. 