Terrible Burning Accident. A SYDNEY J1AN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. IIXS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FliYINGPAX. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While iu a bath in Pili-slreet, a Mr. Jarvifi had the misfortune to slip and fall oil the hut water pipes, and before In could bo rescued lie was tcaUlwi and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the luiruiiij; and Hie fall provcu lo Le very disastrous f<ir Mr. Jarvia, atid fur a number of years afior, lie was u continued invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralytic. A few months a£o, however, reports began to be ciiculated in the neighbour- Iwod that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most juaivoilous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors thai a special reporter from the Sydney 11 orJter was despatched to ti'-l ull iiii'ormntioii regarding same, and one nftenioon ho mcda bin way to liis house, 43 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Tlios. Jarvis was discovered nursing a tr.'o year old baby, and his face declared liiiii one of the happiest men iu Sydney. He was up and about, and able to auawcr the knock at the door. Although paV and bearing still n few marks of a critical illnes6 aud a period of pain, it W8B very clear that he was mi invalid no more. In reply to the preliuiary question he slid:—" You want to l;uow all about mv case ? AVell, I am glad of an opportunity ti loll you. The facts may be of valueto tboso who arc stricken as 1 was. '• How long were you suffering i" " Well, twelve months ago I gJt so had that I had to leave oft work, and I have done nothing since then. About live years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street. Sydney. S nce the accident I have been iu failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to givn up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What wore the symptoms ?" " Simply iudiscribable. Tiio pains were something terrible. They were junt about as much as I could bear. They wero for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in overy part of me. I had no control over lily bowels or bladder and was a nuismice to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and Blialting, aud could neither eat nor slec-p. On the 2Jrd March last I saw n well-known doctor aud he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. Howevor, he gave me an order to tho Director of Charitable Institutions." •' Did you make use of tho order ?" " Ho; I came home and went to bed, aud have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the lloor : in fact, 1 could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was ail over with me, aud only a question of days when I would give up tho ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all lie could, by opium and morphia pills, to ei6e the agony I was in. I was under liiiu for live or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxy, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of tho spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbauees of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ton years, and that I might never get tho use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy lo show that medical opiuion is not infallible). Well, just as it drowning man will grasp at a straw, 1 grasped at an idea conveyed by tho advertisement describing tue cure eilecied in tho case of another boiler mukc-r in England, v/liich Iread in the Australian iio/7,-urn;;, by Dr. Williams' Pink JL'dls i'or Pale People. I read iu the adverlijcujanl of a ease which seemed to tit my own. I determined to give the pills » trial anyway, aud sent for a box. The effect w as as marvellous as it was magicul. I was able lo sleep and eat as though nothing was the matter with 1110. It was the first appetite aud rest 1 had had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed, and was able to move about. You SOQ those crutches there '.' They are perfectly new, aud I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, Bnd now I don't want them." «'He in 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come iu and taken the baby 011 her knees. "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People have fi<iru<l his life, and made another man of llim." A friend who called iu at tliia point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that duy thau he did a fortnight jirevious. " I can now," continued J arvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has conic back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benelit to Dr. Williams' l'iuk Pills. They have saved my life. I am iu no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the luantelpiecc there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gavo me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they arc, for I no longer need thein. Everybody who knows mo has been amazed at the change in ine. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about a^ain has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of (lie astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Thev cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many "disorders •which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as aincmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains iu the back, nervous licadache, etc. Mr. .T. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, wr.s seen by our reporter in connection with tho remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Sir. M'Gowen says he lias known Jarvis from infancy. Ho alto knew that he had lo give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing <0 a malady which he developed. Ho afterwards heard that Jaivis was bed ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounccd incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was therefore like everyono elso who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis, These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Perth, AV.A., who will forward, post paid, 011 receipt of stamps, or post order, 0110 box for as., or half dozen for lis. !iii. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. A tvjuiiv, looking at a ripe /itJd of wheat. The squire stood Oft. Ojin. A ruinarkably small Irishman, with sickle sheathed in straw, came up, touched his hat-, aud n&ked;, " Will I cut that fine crop for your Honor?" TI10 squire, lookiog down, replied, " What! a man of your size?" " Och then," replied the 1111111, " do they cut the wliout ou the top in this part of the counthry ?" " You'll do, faddy," said the squire, and the ready-witted Irishman got the job, 