General News. " The Southern Cross " and Christ mas.—-With the current issue we present our readers with a larger number and an almanac for 1899, Attention is directed to the fact that.no issue of the paper will be hiade on December 30, but all corre spondence will: be carefully attended to during the holidays. With the New Year the reduction iu price of "The Southern Cross " will be brought about, and it is 'hoped that many readers will take advan tage of the concession. We wish our readers 'the compliments of the season, and sincerely' ti-ust they may spend A Merky Xmas and a Happy New Year. Stul MoKe "XJoNbe&sibNS.;—In reply to a query in the Assembly on Tuesday the Minister of Education informed Mr. Poyntou that it is the intention of the -Government to extend the operation of the regulation, which allows school-chil •dreri: to travel free on the railways in ordcr ' tp attend school until they have eoinpulsoiy standard, to th^ chplhBn' who require to travel to school in order to attend a fifth class, thus,allowing the fifth classes to be fully , availed of. v EbqtB8iASTiCAi. Students.—TheSouth Australian students who^ are^ studyipg returned to the oolpny for the Christmas vacation. - They. Include , Mr. P. D. Kelly, who was awarded special;price; for' moral philosophy and -Second prize for physios ; >.<Mr, <-31. P. Defray, -%hb secuted/aecond' 'prize tor English literature, and Mr. tf. Reddan. ■ JjJHIOB, JPuBUO., t"T T£e . following sraaekls were among thesuc cesflful candidates at therecent Junior PublicExamihation:—Christian Brothels' College, Third Class—Francis' Ed wtwd BlcHugb, 1, 4; % ; Henry Michael Mul > 4»$» ?b; Jaines Augustine O'Connell, 1, 4, 6, 7b ; John Sheridan, .1, 4* 6,. 7b; Laurence ~ ., j>, A7b ; Francis John Victor McAree, am ,..p,_, ^jca^^^Jcmfeent, .Epunklin Street—Mary Irene O'Neill, 1, f, 5, 6. 01lris^mBrpther6, College;; Second Claas^Raoul Rofeeliaz iEahabV 1,2,4,35*, 7b ; Third Glass - Gyril Phillips Bryan;1, 4, 6, 7b ; Robert Joyce,l,'4j6. LorCtto Convent, Perth- -Muriel O'Meehanj 1, 4, 7c.' In the foregoing liBfcs hn asterisk denotes that the candidate- passed with credit. The . figures attached to the name of any candidate show in what subjects the candidate passed, as follows1, English; 2, Latin; 3, Greek; 4, French ; 5, German ; 6, Ma thematics ; 7a, Elementary Physics; 7b, Elementary Chemistry; 7c, Elementary Botany and Physiology ; 13, Preliminary Arithmetic and Dictation. The Christian Brothers' College were successful with 10 out of 11 students sent up. ' UENTENARY OF yti &OCIAL.; THe social to be held at the Exchange Hotel under the auspices of the I.N. Federation on next Thursday evening promises to be most successful. Only one toast, "The heroes of '98," will be submitted, upon which eloquent theme the Chief Secre tary, Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin, Mr. Glynn, M.P., Councillor Denny, and Messrs. F. F. Wholohan, P. J. O'Driscoll, and J. Bradley will orate. Vocal and instru mental selections of national music will be given by some of our popular ama teurs. As the accommodation is somewhat limited it is advisable to secure tickets early. The admission is one shilling, and tickets are on sale at P. Healy's, Rundle Street, J. C. Healy's, Hindley Street, and Bradley and Sheridan, North Ade laide. Temperance Society at Port Ade laide.—A convincing proof of the success of the mission given recently, at St. Mary's Church, Port Adelaide, is the formation of a temperance society in the district. On Sunday evening last the Rev. Father Augustine, C.P., preached a special sermon on intemperance, and exhorted all the congregation present to remain after devotions and take the pledge. A large number did so, and a meeting waB then convened for Monday evening in the Dale Street schoolroom, when the objects of the society, which will be known under the name of The League of the Holy Cross, were defined. The schoolroom was crowded, the fair sex especially being well represented, and a large number of names were handed in. The Very Rev. Father* John gave a lengthy address on the advantages to be gained by the formation of the society and on the great influence for good it would have in the district. Hisdiscourse, although of a serious character, was enlivened by many humorous sketches, which were received with much, laughter. The Rev, Father Enright also addressed the audience',, and said that the meetings could be made enjoyable and at the same time instructive, as he had already re ceived promises from gentlemen who would deliver lectures on various subjects on dates to be named. Musical items could also be given by members, land would tend to make the evening more enjoyable. He suggested that at the next meeting the : election of officers should take place, and the rules of the society drawn up. A short discussion followed, and it was resolved that the next meeting be held, on Tuesday even ing, January 3, 1899. The meeting then closed with a renewal of the pledge made in the church on the previous night. Cardinal Manning and Children.— Cardinal Manning was very fond of chil dren, and on one occasion said—" 1 have sometimes thought, when looking on a church full of children, there is nothing more beautiful in the sight of God. : A beautiful garden of roses, lilies, and lovely flowers is sweet and beautiful to the eye. The hand of . man guards and watches over it so. that no harm can enter. Sometimes a atom of wind or hail breaks the lilies, destroys the roses, and makes ruin where before all Was sweet and orderly: The wicked and mali cious man conies in to wreck and ruin his neighbor's garden, and when he eees this, everybody is touched to the heart. Everything . lovely and sweet, trampled : down and wrecked, makes the people grieved; but, in the sight of God, not the most beautUul .garden fashioned. l>y the Garden of Eden, with, ^ its' glory, and beauly of flowers, and fruits, was so bright. and gloribus as are the souls of little children • in whomrthe^Hoiy Ghost dwells. Such a • scene is sweeter and brighter in: the sight of,'; God than any -garden.-man «ver formed." : Bsceived.—The jubileee oommemora tionnumber of " Th6>MutUal Provident; Messenger," published "by thejOff.P. \- Society, and the - 'f AuBtM^u Sudget" of ; ^the Mutual Llfe'buntstice Company of MewTork. - 