SPIRIT WARNINGS OF DISASTER. It seems bad enough to Bee someone else's ghost ; but to have to sit still and watch \- your own spook float airily about before you, is quite too unoanny for anything. Luckily, .. to judge from some of the cases on record, your spirit double only visits you on matters of extremely urgent business ; and when he does look in, it is well to treat him nicely, and take particular notice of any hints he may drop, for you very likely may depend upon them. To show how necensary this is, a case may ba quoted, which the writer ha« satisfied himself is perfectly bona fido. A friend of his, a young surgeon, captain in the Indian Medical Bervice, waa putting in a few days jungle shooting at the foot of the Himalayas. One night he waa sleeping alone in the hut-his companion having been recalled unexpectedly-when he snddenly awoke with a dread feeling that something serious was about to happen. Turning over very slowly, for fear of hastening any attack, he looked up, and to his horror saw his own spectre standing, attired iu shadowy garb exaotly like his own, at the bedside. The apparition gazed at him for an in- stant, as if to assure itself that ho was awake, then raised its hand and pointed steadily at one corner of the room. Follow- ing the direction indicated, the doctor looked and instantly the black head and body of a oobra darted Irom a cranny of the wall, and came crawling across the mooulit floor to the mattress on whioh he WUB lying. A gun shot Mew it to pulp, but when tho doctor looked to Bee what had become of his de- liverer, the ghost had vanished. In another instance, a girl, when sitting np into the small hours of the morning reading, saw her own apparition in night robe glide across the bedroom to a bay win- dow whioh stood open, pass through it, and vanish. The girl was known on rare oc- casions to walk in her sleep, and her mother, shrewdly imagining it was a premonition of disaster, kept watch the following night. Sure enough, the girl, at the hour of the vision, roae, crossed to the window, un- fastened it, and in another second would have been hurled thirty feet to the ground beneath, had her mother not clutched her. Less fortunate was a man who, having seen his spirit double, did not take warning. He was sitting reading at the window one evening last summer, when his attention was attruoted by his dog suddenly getting up and rushing to the front door, where it barked vigorously. Looking out, he was astounded to see a man resembling him exactly in face, figure and dress, ooming slowly up the steps leading to the front door. Half-way up the figure vanished, apparently into the masonry, and the expectant terrier gave a mournful howl. The next evening, returning from business at the identical hour, he was mounting the steps, when they sud- denly collapsed : he was flung into the cellar beneath, and instantly killed. Perhaps a more dramatio instance than any is one told in the Fire Brigade. A few years back a call was received, and the engine was manned. Five men constituted the crew, but as it drove out of the station they noticed a sixth, the exaot double of a mate who they knew was left in the station. As the engine swung into the road at a gal- lop the helmeted spectre vanished into thin air. On their return, the men, pole as sheets, related their uncanny experience, and, to their astonishment, were corroborated by their mates in the station, and among them the double in the flesh. An hour later a Becond oall came, and the unfortunate fireman, being next for duty, mounted to hits seat. Again the engine swept out at a gallop, but as it took the corner the wheel struck a post, and one of the^ orew was flung from his seat and his brains knocked out on the cobbled street. It was the man whose spcotre a couple of hours beforo had appeased and vanished on the tame spot. 