N' IMPORTS, 1 By J. O. B. Greek gipsies en route to New South Wales landed in South Australia last week because they thought Sydney a suburb of Adelaide. They are being disabused by the South Australian police, who keep them moving east (whence they came) about 20 miles ' a day. This new land of ours is no countrv for either ghosts or gitanas — an Australian ' Gipsy Countess ' is unthinkable. She might sing and dance from Cape York to Hobart without a chance of becoming the proud bride of any bat an aboriginal noble. There is no room among us for a race whose talents are mainly confined to hen-rooste, hand-reading, and opera. When the ruthiees invader romps over tbe fair land of Poland, or the virtuous Maritana 6coras the dishonourable advances of a Spanish monarch, the Romany folk are in their proper places. It is imprudent for them to desert the stage on one side of the Line and take to poultry farming on the other. ***** And a pirate chief in chains viewed us through the port-holes of the 2a-t French steamer from Marseilles. He was on tbe way from Tonquin, where his former life was chiefly at sea, to New Caledonia, where his future labours are to be strictly confined to the land. From cutting throats to cutting trenches is a come down ; from having a compass to steer by and a dagger to draw, the having to stec-r by a sentry and draw a round shot is certainly a falling off. Truly, the rover, like the Romany, has fallen upon evil days. # * * » * Everydaf sees some ancient error exposed. The dogmatic statement tint ' G-od made bees and bees made honey ' has ju-t bneu showa up by Mr. Albert Gale, president of the Xevr .South Wales Beekeepers' Conference. At a recent meet ing he produced a sample of honey made by way of experiment at the Colonial Sugar Company's works. Although it had never seen the inside of hive, cell, or. comb, no analytical chemist could tell the difference between it and tbe genuine arti cle. ThiB is a pleasant prospect for those who love their honey fresh from flower-scented fields. Fortunately, as with diamonds, the manufactured goods, can only be produced for about ten times the price of the natural oneB. When the day comes — it is apparently on the way — that honey, like nectar and diamonds, like nest-eggs, can be had cheap at the chemistB', the bee, the jeweller, and the Jew will have to take back seats in the scheme of creation. Thus, if Truth means the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, the as sertion that ' bees made honey ' is misleading. * * ? ' » * * The Sydney patent medicine people have made a mistake. They've advertised a mano'war's man 'cured of dyspepsia.' Asa matter of fact, while every other ailment iu the posological table is known in a large fleet, the world might be searched in vain for a dyspeptic sailor, particu larly after a long voyage. By entering the Royal Navy men may lose much — their freedom, their homes, their sweethearts — but never their appe tites. There are two classes that dyspepsia avoids — sailors and postmen. So it comes that the Sydney specialist whose pills restored the A.B. to rude health must have been mistaken in his diagnosis. At all events, I'd like to interview that valetud inarian mariner, if only to learn whether he'd ever been outside Woollopmoolco Bay.' * * * *- ' * « ' The young woman of Merriwa, a rising New South Wales hamlet, have made a wise choice. They've chosen the violin and the trapeze before the 'bicycle and the bloomer — plumped for the development of arms and fingers instead of legs and toes. This was but to be expected, for, like other hobbies, the velocipede was being rid den to death. Still, there are drawbacks. The middle-aged and studious bachelor who, because of tho fine climate, makes his home in a Merriwa boarding-house will often wish that the choice had been different — that the voting for the wheel and what-you-call-'ems had come out on top. When your landlady's 5ft. 9in. daughter, after an hour's dumb-bells, enters ths next room with a fiddle and a file of intricate chromatics, the sun niest prospect becomes overclouded, the daintiest day-dreams dispelled. 6* * * * * It is proposed lo revoke or cancel the Quean - beyan reserve for aborigines. The project arises from the commonplace fact that there are no au tochthones left — colonial reserve killed them, much as British freezes foreigners. It was the fame in the other great Auglo-Saxon land. So long as the American Indians were left to them selves, if _thev didn't increase much they, at a1 1 events, didn't diminish. But the. 'cute Yankeer, - eager i'or the coll, (.truck upon the wily expedier; j of reserv.ng certain hunting-grouues for the er cluEive use oi the indigenes. Sat they couldn'c persuade the buffaloes and bc-avcrs to rema'u there, so that the last condition of the poor Indian, was worse tr.an t:.e first. It is hard to say wee; killed off the Queanbeyan natives so prompt!/-, except, perhaps, the approach of another general election and their natural fear of having to listr i to the speeches. At any rate, before the threa. - ened revocation takes place, persons anxious to see the last of the aborigines might induce some of tb« Bonrke or Bsrcoo tribes to sett! 3 on tbe land. If they, too, disappeared during the electoral stru^ gle,^it wonid be a sure sign that Parlimentatv institutions and blacks could not flourish Bide by eide. * * ♦ 4 Having realised his dream of dwelling in marble halls, Mr. Rhodes has at present another vision in hand — how to get tiie telegraph line from the Oape to Cairo. There are not only lions in the path, but elephants, hippopotami, rhinoceroses, and a crowd of other four-footed obstructionists. Even when these are overcome, dwarfs, dervishes, and Dutchmen have to be placated. Not even nails in the posts will prevent the larger berbivora from leaning against them. This plan, tried in America to keep off bisons, merely attracted the brutes. They came to see and remained to 'scratch. like the Scots at Argyll's posts, the .bulls fonght for precedence, so that each morning - h aw 10 miles of new line down. If- means could r'oe adopted in Central Africa for giving each pole 'touching . pagan, giraffe, or gorilla a sincere ?s^iock — enough to Btretoh him out for some min utes — things would ultimately right themselves. To be sure, a lion or a large anthropoid ape jast recovering from an overdose ot electricity might make himself unpleasant to a solitary explorer passing that way shortly afterwards. As Mr. Selons assures ns, an angry lion will attack a com _pany of armed men. Is it too much to assume that leo, electrified through leaning against a post, wouldn't hesitate to tackle a regiment ? Mr. Rhodes is an able man, and his present contract promises to throw considerable light on the actions of the lower animals when subjected to novel ex periences^ ? * * * ? The New South 'Wales Hail way Commissioners .are about 1 3 solicit tenders for surplus electric energy that will be thrown off by the coming George-street tramway. It appears that electric plants generate more power than they really want ; anl as all idle things .find something mis chievous to do, unemployed electricity is no ex ception. It concentrates itself on weak points in ' the line of march like 2ulus on a straggling column. First it fuses the wires, and then either refuses to work or disappears when too closely pressed. It is Nature's larrikin, hanging round unprotected comers, and occasionally shocking passers-by. That's why tho authorities are de sirous of selling the surplus so's to keep it out of mischief by working it to death. Tradesmen and workpeople with axles to turn or sewing-machines to drive will soon be able to obtain power from, the dynamo rather than the elbow. When young children carrying home jugfuls of electricity are to be met at every turning, a walk through the streets will be as dangerous as a pleasure trip in a Cuban harbour. * * * * A Parramatta man has applied for provisional protection for '? an improved method of opening ?envelopes and newspapers.' But, in the letter opening line, the wisdom of offering greater faci lities than those afforded by the ordinary tea -kettle is doubtful. By means of this unassuming culinary utensil more secrets have been discovered , and more divorces obtained than by private de tectives and constant espionage. Is it wise to supersede this simple plan by superior methods — is it possible ? Had the Parramatta person 6truck out in the direction of an invention . for rendering letter-opening an impossibility his subsequent path in life would be bordered with blessings. *- * * * Mr. Wragge, the prominent Queensland meteo rologist, warns mariners that the disturbance ' Levi ' was on the way from Albany to Hobart, and would trouble the waters between. That's been the way of the Levis for over 3000 years. Troubles arise in their path, as from Pandora's box when the lid was lifted. Should things fall out Tib Mr. Wragge anticipates, from many a fo'k'file wi1; aspend many a strongly- worded re : gxet that the chivalrous Esau didn't overtake his younger brother that time in the bush and settle thepottage confidence trick in one act. The world would have been none the worse if M. Ja cob had been tied to the top rung of his own lad der and left to get down the best way he. could. ?At any rate, the Brisbane scientist would have been forced to find another name for the unwel come visitor at present walking the waters' towards poor Tasmania. 