Scraps and Gleanings. [BY " AUTOLYCCS."] The municipal elections are over, and once more York has settled down in its old groove. There is not the least doubt-bat that the wonted quietness of the town was considerably disturbed on Monday last, and more interest was taken in the election of Mayor than has been the case for a. number of years. Although Mr. Dinsdale held an unbeaten record, the result did not come as a surprise to many, for on taking into consideration the fact that Mr. Edwards so closely ran our ex-mayor a couple of years ago, it was at once patent that it would be a tight go. Onr retired Mayor did ex cellent work during his term* of office, yet much remains still to be done, and the writer feels sure that the newly- elected Mayor will carry out the duties apper taining to the office with credit both to himself and the town of Tork. ? #' Seeing by your last issue that the Rev. Hodge was announced to deliver a special discourse in Wesley Church on " The moral aspect of the Melbourne Cup," '. Autolycus," who by the way is not a regular church-goer, was attracted hither. At the outset the rev. gentleman candidly admitted that he had never seen Fiern ington on Cup day, and that he had gleaned his information from the daily Press. This fact in itself is therefore a sufficient excuse for several mis-state ments-no doabt unintentional-which the rev. gentleman made. Alluding to the enormous crowd which centralizates ori Cup day. the preacher was somewhat ahead of the estimated attendance when he informed his hearers that 280,(100 to :jijU,000 persons were present! Try and conjure up in your mind's eye, dear reader, a crowd of three hundred thousand ! people. A vast mu!:idude, indeed, yon | will say. The writer believes that the 1 largest attendance at any Melbourne Cup ; meeting is about 90,000. Then again he . stated vhat the "lawn " was set apart ex i clusively for. ladies, and had the speaker | been present this idea would quickly have j been dispelled front his mind. However, j the He v. Hodge handled his subject in a J masterly manner, and deliver ted a most interesting and instructive sermon. There are, iuwever, two sides to every quest ion, and '.Autolycus " feels sure that the rev. pastor will take these and the following remarks in the spirit in which they are i writteu. j * « » | There is hardly a spori which cannot j be assailed, and hardly one which cannot t be enthusiastically defended by its | votaries. The curious point about horse l racing, which has its apotheosis in the Melbourne Cup to-day, is that, viewed exclusively as a sport, its veriest enemy | must be. dumb. When vindication is felt necessary, there is something t*» fall back upon, it is more by far than can be said of every sport. The ring was condemned as brutal: battue shooting and tame stag hunting have been cor rectly announced simple co**trivances for 1 making j-ourself unpleasant in - the open air. But while certain surroundings of the turf are uot unnaturally the subject of criticism, the national sport itself comzs off scot-free. How else could it be patronised by Governors and rulers, or extolled by Chief Justices ia the terms employed by Sir John Madden the other day * ? # Speaking at the dmner to Mr. Septi mus Miller, chairman of the V.R.C., his : Honor declared that uo country took a . prominent part in history unless its j people loved the horse. That may be a : question of degree. Every nation esteems j the horse for its utility. Perhaps those ! which loom largest esteem it most. The people who preeminently" love" the horse I are the English and the Arab, and both possess qualities- which have made ! them doughty foemen. But, liow j ever comparison by this method may work | out, there is nothing ignoble, nothing ; j vicious, nothing, in fact, which is not, I utilitarian, in racing as legitimately pur ; sued. Interest in the horse, and the con tinuous effort by prize money to improve its breed and stamina, are saving graces. As we cultivate them single-mindedly so shall we prosper, says Sir John Madden, and the doctrine is a comfortable one at this season * * * There is a sort of humourist in Tork I whose manuscript turns up in this office with the utmost regularity-and goes out , with the utmost regularity. This is the man with the joke about the young lover and the father with the large boot and a larger bull-dog. This merry maker is 1 spending a large proportion of his sub ! stance in postage- stamps, and common I humanity demands some interference on the part of ''Autolycus." I cannot let him go down to the poor-house without some attempt to steer him towards the rkfbt course. Bull dogs ? Boots ? Gentle Idiot, there are no bull dogs, there are no boots for the man who goes a-courtiug now-a-days. He must be a worthless character, indeed, if he be not welcome in the house of many daughters. * * * If you must write of such things, young man, write the shining truth. Write down the fact that Blank, be he ever so homely, is made at home in the family circle, because it may come to pass that he may look with favourable eyes upon one of the daughters, and wed her, in the end. if he is given sufficient encourage ment. Write of this, and > our tales will be printed. Down into oblivion, with the dullest and most sickening thud known to our nineteenth century civilization, have gone your merry jests about booted and bull-dogged parents. Arouse your self and trumpet forth to the world that the young man who can support a wife is at present selling at about two hundred per cent, premium-and strike a popular chord. Bull-dogs ? Boots .' Writv of young men who would give good money if they could get out of a house full of daughters- or even, full of oue daughter -as easily as they could get in. Then, perchance, vou may gain some cheap notoriety, Sydney restaurants it seems are pros pering to such an extent under Mr. lleid's frectrade policy that they are actually patronising, with profit, a colonial industry which- has sprung into existence. The conversion of beef and mutton fat from the meat preserving and boiling down works into best dairy butter is going ahead in the future federal capital ; and while Victoria's Agricultural department is wonderingly inquiring how margarine comes to be sold in Capetown as " first grade butter." the obvious explanation turns up in the New South Welsh capital. A George town restaurant keeper a few weeks ago effected a notable deal in margarine. He sold lib of the article to a Board of Health officer, whom he failed to identify, for Gd., apparently as prime factory, and next day at the Central Police Court contributed £12 to the consolidated revenue, under the heading " fines, fees iand forfeitures," as a memorial of the transaction. Obviously it is safest to export artificial batter and retail honest dripping when the genuine vaccine product is too dear for home consumption by the freetrade blessed working man of Sydney. # * * I hear that it is the intention of the local Cyc'ing Club to promote a Sport's meeting for New Year's Day. Although rather late in moving in the matter, the committee appointed to carry out the Sports are working assiduously to make the concern a success. As there is no other fixture in or around York on that day, this is only as it should be, and it only remains for all to pull together to make the meeting an unqualified success. In the evening the pleasure-loving public will be regaled with a Minstrel enter tainment in the Mechanics' Institute, and the outcome of the day's amusement should be a handsome credit balance for the York "Cycling Clnb, whose funds at present are at a low ebb. * " * It happened in the vicinity of Warm wherever the Hamlet boasting of that euphonious name may be. He- was a " brewer of ale " and paid a visit to the township canvassing for orders. He had travelled thence per bicycle, and the day being warm, he had acquired a thirst which would have done credit to a camel. During the afternoon he had met the two local bonifaces, and with them tried hard to quench his thirst-until he con tinued to get out of each an order, which proved in each case to be even larger than his most sanguine ideas had antici pated. Business being completed, he jumped on his " bike" and was seen scorching over the hill, and did not stop until he had gone about four miles, when, thinking, no doubt, he was out of eight, he laid himself out under a tree intending to have a rest. Tired nature overcame him, however, and he was soon in the land of dreams. Some time after, he suddenly awoke, looked at-4iis watch, and remembering that he had an appoint ment at the next town hastily mounted his machine, and at a pace that wouki have done credit to Bill Martin, scorched, as lie thought, towards Pingelly. The objects along the road seemed familiar to him, and it was not until he had reached the " pub," where he had been a couple of hours before that he realised .that something was wroi.g. He had travelled back to Wagin unknown to himself. That traveller has since " sworn off*' and now drinks nothing stronger than tonic. "v * * # During the past week a practical joker has been scaring timid folk out at Can nington by masquerading as a " ghost." The matter was reported to the police, but the foolish person still continued his pranks till last Saturday, when a local resident waylaid him with a revolver, and threatening to " fire, snfcceeded in captur ing him. His costume was mainly a sheet in which two eye- holes had been cut, the rims being decorated''with red paint. Black trunks and silk tights were worn beneath the sheet, the triasquerader's feet being encas&d; in light shoes. Hav ing secured his captive, the local resident held a council of war with seven others like unto himself. It was decided-on the voices? that the ghost should not be given up to the police, but should be enter-' tained by his captors at a paling circus.'s The" circus " lasted till the ei^lit judge were nearly exhausted, and the captive spirit quite so. Each honest son of toil laid on with his paling till the groans and moans and the usual dull, hollow sounds were what should be uttered by a pro perly constituted ghost. Then "they let the " poor pale thing" go, minus its sheet, but with a large assortment of hardwood splinters in its anatomy. And now the conspiring ghost- layers do not quite know how they will come out of the affair should their individuality be revealed to the authorities. 