MOSTLY UP NORTH. The Assyrians (in blue) oame down like wolves on the fold on Sunday morning last and made a fairly good baul of Sabbath boosers, moat of whom are np at the Court thiB morning (Wednesday) wearing enough blue ribbon to make a Dutchman a pair of hand-me-downs. The fooroe cowardly attacked the enemy from tbe rear just when they were enjoying an appetiser for Sunday's dinner. In some places tbe attacking party dropped right into a nest of them before the wink oould be given, and then, of oourse, it was a case of ' Don't shoot, Oplonel, I'll oome down ;' but in others there were some present very strong on the soent, and they got a whiff of tbe bobby's breath as it came in under the back gate. Without farther discussing the Commonwealth Bill they moved with accele rated haste through an aperture in tbe front of the pnb and floated through space with a reokless disregard of the mnnioipnl injunction to 'walk over the crossing.' Oue young Becbabite wbo bas done bis wbaok in trying to put down drink, juBt dropped into his favorite pub on Sunday morning to see if Good Friday was on tbe same date on the almanao there as it was on bis, and before be could assure himself that they both agreed, he saw a long beer near bim, and was just going to smell the horrid stuff when the word was passed round that the enemy were at the gates, and beigho I presto he was gone. He never stopped rill be ran exhausted right into another distillery higher up the street, and wben he got his second wind he was relat ion his experiences of a few minutes pre viously, wben he wound up by saying, ' I got done out of a long 'un down the street ust now, but I dodged them allright and they won't block me over this one. Here's luck, anyway.' He was just going to separate tbe froth from the main bod; wben someone tapped him on the shoulder and said, ' Your name, please.' Looking round he saw a blue ghost sticking as close to him as a porous plaster, and the young son of Rechab was knocked into a marble heap ot tea-leaves in one short act. He then hurried home to be in time for Sunday school, and to-day sent in a donation to tbe Police Magistrate merely to assist the municipal revenue. At some of the other places the polis found schools of wine bibbers behind tire screens, in tbe kitchen, in loose boxes, in the manger, under hen coops, while it is alleged one young man in a top hat and best etore clotbes was found busily brushing the orabshells of the lodgers, but tbe little game was a bit too thin — be didn't convey tbe idea of being the ' boots,' and they got him in the list. While, however, we do not incline our hearts towards too mnch beer traffic on Sunday (for une day at least a week should beset apart to getting sober), the police here seem to have a left-banded way of ad ministering the act relating to .the conduct of licensed bouses. We all know that this particular act is fearfully and wonderfully made, and passeth all understanding. It says no one shall be allowed to enter a hotel on Sunday but a booa-fiJe traveller (or a policeman ; of course, — he's on deck eyery time), not even a medical man must read the eign of the bouse, and if a botelkeeper looks out of his window he is breaking tbe law. The way the act u framed it is compulsory for a publican to break this ponderons statute into infinitesimal particles or break his neck — consequently a fair and decent lati tude should be exercised by the authorities. It seems manifestly unfair that because a few drunks come up from some of the slum houses on a Sunday and parade the princi pal Btreeta with enakes crawling out of tbeir boots, that respectable bouses should be raided where all is peace end quietness. Then wbat about the private drunkeriea which are permitted to keep open niglit and day, Sunday and St. Patrick's Day, till Gabriel plays bis last great solo on the bugle P Wben you can spare Attorney General Urqubart you might lend bim to us for a quarter of an boar's private interriew, and if be doesn't drill holes in this drunken act wben Parliament is in session again, his chance of being acting-Governor is as far remote as the polos. * * * Touching the pub raid last Sunday. While on bis way to— well, the Tabernacle— a good young man was met by a friend yearning for a hair of tbe dog tint bit him. The good young man refused for some time, but his charitable and benevolent soul asserted itself, and be said, 'Oh well, come on, if you want a drink I don't mind coming in, only look sharp.' They darted into the nearest ale-house, and while in the aot of varnishing their epiglottis the police came in and grabbed tbe lot. Tbo good young man , who never before went nstray, turned wi^h hi; eyeballs afire to tbe biggest police man and said: ''For God's sake give this (got any blood red type P)— well, say gentle man — in charge ami lock him up for 26 years.' Moral: Never shout for a friend on tbe Sabbath. ? * » The old Ex. has unearthed somebody who she thinks has given the lie direct to Ben Tillett's remarks anent the Old Men's Home, or, as we call it, tbe Benevolent Asylum. Tljis is a man who cannot possibly be wrong, for tho most significant reason that his name happens to be Wright, and added to this he is a representative of that broad sheet of wisdom called the Sporting Judoe, which devotee most of its columns to. stable boy patter. Mr. Wright's testimonial is unique in construction, tor be simply says, ' It compares well with any similar institu tion in the Australian oolonies ' — which is clear as a July fog. Perhaps ho means they aro all alike as far as be can boo, and that, to borrow a Tipperaryism 'one's aB bad n« the otbor, and worso too j ' if so, Wright iu right, and old Mother Gumm. will once more feel sorry she spoke, 