Golden Mists. CHAPTER X. i- I J.T is not the stitches,' whispers the old lady, bending down so that no ear but May's may catch her words. ' Tho candle, my dear — the candle!' 'The candle ?' repeats May in wonder, and glancing with some alarm -at the double-braqofaed candlestick with its wax'.liglit, which stands on the table between hor and tho dowager, but without gleaning any elucidation to the remark; 'Yes, '-is the mysterious answer, still given in low tones. 'Look at the candle nearest to me.' The old lady indicates the of observation with her flushing steel knitting-needle. .Mayjooks, but without becoming any clearer as to the source of alarm. ' Don't you soe ?' questions tho dowager with a shade of im- patienoo. a ocw uiu cuiiuio uiii lug) uut that will do no harm.; will it ?'. says May, tho .thought flashing' across her mind for tho second . time that evening, that the old lady, is not 'quite-all there.' ' Hush, my dear ; there iB a coffin handle in that candle?' The tones afro very quiet, but very thrilling, in which this startling announcement is made ; and May, whose inclination to laugh is roused bv tho super- stitious remark, feels! awed for a moment into seriousness by the old lady's terror-stricken fnpo. 'What is that supposed to indicate ?' she" questions, a smiln breaking forth, in spite of her efforts to restrain it. Death, my dear — death witli- in tho year to one of us.' The dowager speaks with a shiver, and there is a touching look of pain in her soft gray eyes, out of which all tho morry \- light has vanished. 'I don't think it is a perfect "" handle,' suggests May in com forting tones, and as though she were a eonoisscur in supernatural warnings. ' Quito perfect, my dear — quite perfect. I tavo seom too often to be mistaken.' So saying, tlio old lady points to a slender spiro of wax, which, bent-backwards by its own weight has rejoined tbo candle, so form ing a tiny white ring on the edgo of Iho melting wax. ' llut we nro too wise to boliove in those fairy-tales nowadays,' says May, glancing up into the saq, troubled tace, with a laugh of unbelief. 'Too foolish, my dear, you mean — too foolish 1' corrects the dowagpr reprovingly. ' Four — ' timosm my life I have marked that rirg— that . sign ; and four times 1 have: ' Found it fail ?' smiles May. ' Proved it true,' answers the answers tho low voice sadly. ' I shall say nothing about it to the others,' sho continues in confi dential tones, after a moment's pause;, 'they are too thoroughly saturated with tho unbelief of the present century to do any thing but scoff at my fancy. I dare ray you, my dear, think mo it iiiiio luuiioUy uuu you wui ru member my words when the time 9 1 comes/ ;The. conversation is her inter rupted by a request from Sir Daniel that May will sing, and she is about reluctantly comply, when the dowager interferes, do- . claring that May is under her proteotion, and' that she is not going to.hnveher worried with singing, before she has recovered from tlic fatigues of her journey. The way of esoape thus opened is most welcome to _ May, who who smiles her thanks to. her benefactress. She is feeling out of sorts, and just a little disen chanted with her surroundingp, anything in fact but in a singing moodi'and would .only have done : ! her voice injustice had she forccfd herself to comply. '.Perhaps you aro unaccustom ed to playing or singing before strangers,' suggests Geraldine, with condecending kindness. \Oh, no ; musio is cultivated in Ireland!' replies May quietly. 1 So I suppose ; but I thought you never went out.' ' ' Indeed, w'o have very sociable neighbours,', answers May, laugh ing.- ' I am quite used to sing ing;' ; ' If:".. ' ' ' ' .. \- . f. ' Geraldine, I thinStSt is tihrio .wo went to dress,' intefufits Lady Nettleton oqldly. ' I peered the carriage at ,lndf-pastt f 'Half-past ten — howfabsurd 1 Wo shall be tho first there:'- . t Well, Geraldine, somdbno must, be first,' breaks in the dow ager, brightly ; . 'and, if you go eayly; you can come away, early.' Geraldine t shrugs her, broad, shoiiidors contemptuously, and, without deigning . any reply to hey grandmother's remark, sweeps from the room. " She is shortly followed by lAdy Nettleton; 8iriDauiel and.G'eorge'Haughton still-apparently ah far from con vincing caoh other as at the com mencement of . the evening, Btand at the farther end of the loiig drawing room," busy with statistics and maps, so tho old lady , and May aro still left to entertain each other. May lias picked up the erring stitches, and reduced the tangled knitting :o a state, of order, and she gives it back into the yet beautiful hands with, a feeling of triumpn, ior ine iusk nas. proreu any thing but an easy one. ' Thank yon, Dolly ; you have repaired your dunnages veiy neat ly,' says the dowager, minutely inspecting the work ; 'but don't make me risk spoiling my labour again with your naughty temper.' 'Will you I ell mo why yon have christened mo Dolly ?' asks May laughing. ' No, my dear — I think I had hnffnr nnf. 1 riul nnfc ktlOW YOU were . so proud when . I named you Dolly. I daren't tell you my reason.' 'Please you must toll me,' coaxes' May. 'I don't" know, why you have endowed me with suoh a terrible temper. You will make me feet bound to sustain the character soon. Just tbll me why I am " Dolly," and seo how good-tempered I will be.' 'You are sure you won't bo cross with mo ?' ' Quite sure.' The dowager looks at May for a few moments doubtfully and then begins— ' Well, my dear — T am a very old woman, and I know all your family history. I am not ignor ant of the most prominent part of that history, your poverty.' The old lady pauses for a moment and glances at May to see the effect of her words, but meeting only an amused smile she continues. ' So wben they told me you were coming over here on a visit, the fancy entered my foolish old head that, your income being limited, your wardrobe might be limited too — and I was so pleased, my dear; so very pleased. I must be sinking into second childhood, I fear, for sinoe that day I have planned pretty dresses for you, just as sixty years ago I planned dresses for my favourite dolls. So it comes that iu thinking of you,, you have always been -my Dolly — I huvo planned the most lovely dresses for you, and now r find you a proud and wilful Dolly ' 'No, no,' interrupts May, laughing; 'it was very kind of yon to think so much about me, but I am afraid. I have as many dresses as I want.' 'Then you can't, be my doll,' 3ays tbo old lady sadly ; 'only one of the crowd of fino dolls that I see every season — not my own, for me to bo proud of especi ally.' - ' Please let me,' pleads May ; 'it will make mo so much happier to have you taking an interest in ray looks.' > ' If you aro to bo my Doll, you must toll me all your seorets,' says the dowager jealously. 'Of course,' answers May, smiling ; 'but, if you are, in a hurry for them, I- shall have to invent. I don't think I ever possessed a secret.' ' Don't talk nonsense, Dolly,' says the dowager with severity ; 'your face, eighteen years of age, and no seoret — bah !' ' What do you call secrets?' asks May, anxious to humour tho old lady. ' Well — has anyone ever paid you any particular attention ,?' ,'Not very particular.' 'Have you had any offers?'— 'One.'!, From whom ?t / ' 'From a certain poor captain —his name doeB not matter.' - - ... 'Did you love him, my dear?! For answer May only goes jofi . - - ..... - i into a long and irrcprossible fit of merriment. V, i? 'Love him 1' "the conceited, lisping image of :-her rejeoted suitor rises before.hef 'mind's eyo, filling «cr with feelings so deci dedly antagonistic to the tender passion 'named that " she finds' it iinpbssiblp toVreproBS' Jier laugh ter. 1 ' ' Then yotf did not love - hinr?-'- says the dowager, answering her own question1 in a disappointed tone. "v ' - 'Oh, dear, no 1' T 'And-why ?'— tho question is asked as though the fact of May's not being broken-hearted were rather to be deplored than other wise. ! 'I scarcely know, ' replies May, repressing her tendenoy to burst forth into d fresh peal of mirth. 'Partly, I suppose, because he was so absurd, and partly, doubt less, beeauso one cannot well .in dulge in a sentiment ono does not believe.' . ! I What ? You dbn't believein love? « t dl 11 I i_ \- ouuu i suuca you very uiuuu if I answer — no ?' asks May as she looks up into the dowager's soft gray eyes ; . whilst hor own overflow with-fun. " ' 1 am too old to be shocked at anything muoh,' is the answer given with a deep sigh. 'You were quite right, my dear, when you said you had no secrets.' f The dowager resumes her knit ting, and for ten minutes nothing is heard but the "click! — olick" of her needles. May has possessed herself of a big white Persiuncat, which she has lifted from tho rug to her kneejiand leans back in her chair, slowly stroking its soft fur, and wondering whotker she has querohed by her frankness the old lady's fnendly chatter. ' I suppose it is ruther disap pointing to find your doll so very commonplace, and so decidedly akin to her sisters,' venturesMay, glancing up arohly into the dow- ager's face. 'No, my dear, I was pnly just thinking. I am not disappointed in you— only your viewu don't. fit iii quite with tho little plan I had formed.' ' What plan ?' asks May, 'Do tell me.' ' Some day, perhaps, Dolly, but not now— one-sided confidences don't answer,' says the dowager, nodding her head wisely. 'Now tell me about Sara.' ' So tho conversation merges into a long explanation of May's home life, until Lady Nettleton and her daughter by their entrance put, so to say, an end to tho ovening. Lady Nettleton looks cold and beautiful in her soft white satin with its heavy trimming of bltiok lace. Geraldine' appears more appallingly tall and imposing than ever, surrounded by waves of salmon-coloured net, which seem to add both height add width to her 'portly person. There aro a few common-place remarks exchanged, then, atten ded by the gentlemen, they drive off. ' We will drop you at your club, Haughton,' Sir Daniel said, as they passed from the room. ' Do you like him ?' questions the dowager, almost before the door has closed. ' l tninx mm one or ine piea- santest men I ever met.' 'His eyesare his best point.' ' I don't think I even noticed his eyes, but his manner sets one at ease directly.' ' Now, I will toll you one of my seorets. -I think' Geraldine likes him just a little, only sho is too prond to let any one see it.' ' Too proud to let her father knotv sho likes him. How very funny!' .'Not Sir . Daniel, you stupid Dolly— Apollo 1 — it is Apollo I am talking about.' 'Cross questions and crooked answers,' laughs May. ' I under stood you were speaking of Sir Daniel.' ' And what about Apollo ?' 'Ask mo when I rim widea wake. I am almost too sleepy to express an opinion now.' . ' Well, then, I won't tease ; so good-night; Dolly, and don't got up too early in tho morning.' ' Good- night,' says May, as she stoops to kiss the old lady's Bilver hair, And as she wearily mounts to her room,' .. she, strives, in. vain to answer to her own satisfaction . the dowager's last Question, 'And what about Apollo ?' Not beibg uble to elicit any response, she dismisses the sub ject with a ghost -of- a sigh. 'I suppose hov.is Geraldino's property,' she meditates, and then sho sighs again. Her thoughts soon glance off to the queer old oldy, with her mysterious plans and superstitious beliefs. ' I must write and tell Sara all about her tomorrow,' she muses, and with the thought of her sis- 1 ter's loneliness fashing, reproach- ! fully through her brain, the tired eyelids close in; the dreamless sleep they so much need. CHAPTER XL . , " Queen's Gate. "Dear Sara,— You will have gathered little beyond the fact of my safe arrival in' this city of p'< asure, from thc| short note I sent mamma lust- Thursday. I am writing hor again to-day, but knowing that my letter to her would prove unsatisfactory in tho extreme' to you, "I, like" a true and loyal sister, am sacrificing timo and paper in a long; scrawl for vmiv "It will be just a week tllis this evening, since 1 first put iu an appearance here, and we l)ave been busy with gaiety, it seems ro me, from morning - till night, nay, till morning: agaiu, ever sinco. I have been to one large ball, a kind of soiree dansanto. Lady Nottletou says I was parti- eulaoly fortunate in getting part ners for my first ball, as I only stood out of one dapce during tho three hours we remained. This success, however, you need not set down in your foolish head to my charms. Tho fact was chiefly owing to the untiring exertions of a certain George Haughton, who, nerceiviner mv vulear Irish de- ight iu the Torpsichorean art, insisted on dragging forward and introducing even the. most unwil ling of his acquaintances. My heart smote me on more than oae occasion, the victims' looked so very reluctant. " / . . ' Geraldine" does "licit danoe much, sho tells me'bhe is tired of balls. I could 7 Understand the feeling had I seen vher.experienoe a lack of partners but; suoh was not the caso — she simply will not dance. It would amuse you in finitely,' or enrage, obhorribly, to see the disdainful way in which Bhe looksion' :at' my pro ceedings, always; as >if she were on the ' look-out' for,- some great faux pas in the uBages of society. Seriously, I don't-think, from her expression, sbeovould have been much astonished l&d;| she seen me insist on starting jig, instead of getting through the "Lancers with decorum. ? ' On Saturday Sir- Daniel took us to the opera (Luoio). Lady Nettleton did not -go ; she says thd musio lulls heto sleep, so that she derives n</-benefit . .from it. ;/rhe same applied to her daughter, who, . thppgk sho .did sleep, fidgeted to Buoh an extent :v ' /'.irfA'i.r'.,:.;. . . that she did away with more than half my enjoyment. If I could only have been left to myself to listen 4 But Geraldine's fvoic'o' was forever in my ear at'th'e most thrilling moments, with shoh ex clamations as, 'Now watch the grimace that is coming with the next high note!' or 'Lode a tthe size of Telboni's feet ! Don't they spoil your romance slightly?' George Haughton" was of course ; with us, und he seemed to enjoy Geraldine's chatter; Eaoh tune that she ' made ono of her disa greeable remarks he laughed, which -naturally only encouraged her to continue. Between the two of them I got' quite cross, and when Sir Daniel asked me on the way home 'how I liked the evening, I felt inclined to return anything but,an agreeable answer — however, I restrained my ten denoy. to Bnappishness, as is the custom in this world of deceit. " Now to give you some idea of the people by whom I am sur rounded. To begin with, there is Geraldine. lot 4ho Geraldine nf mv imnrmnotinn full aP nnnfi. "v uu ws w uu- donees and lively companionship, but a Geraldine oold, proud, con ceited, pompous, satirical, and ob noxious. If she did uot annoy me 10 intensely I should think hor extremely interesting' as a study. I often wish you ivcre on tho , spot to Bar stinging things for me at the right moment — un- fortnnatolr I am behind-hand in' national wit, and can never hit on a happy repartee till too late to be of the BlighteBt service. The personal charms of this de lectable cousin aro in keeping with her mind. 1 mean to hint she has so many failings they could not well fit into a small body, oonseauentlv. sans doute. she is very tall, liroad and impo sing — she inspires me with a kind of indignant awe. A remark I overheard last evening in this very drawing-room will give you a better idea of Her size than any words of mips, Geraldine in- dnlgei!la;..a93rjb iking, not to say outrd style of dress. She came to dinner in a cream-colour ed silk, over whioh meandered a trailing pattern of many.-coloured flowers, - interspersed here and 'fiere with huge bouquets. " ' Miss Nettleton. carries off that fearful and marvellous dress success than any other woman of my acquaintance could do,' whis pered .a young officer to: George Haughton. \\!r " ' Indeed — why ?' questioned George, slightly raising his eye brows and looking vexed ' at ihe observation. ' '"Because few- woman in London are tall eiiough to iftshow off the pattern," ' was the ready reply.. : v."' \- 'Mr. Haughton did not answer, he just stared the young intra in the face until he became perfect ly crimson, then -turning: on his heel, walked away.: 'I thought- he -was annoyed, but an observation which he made during dinner undeceived me..' . "He fellrto my lot as!a cava lier, and, under cover of the knifo and fork rattle, he asked me if I had not overheard the remark. I said I had, and laughed again at the remembrance. "'It is one of the best cuts,' ho said, glancing with mirthful eyes down the table at Geraldine and her flower-garden. 'But it would not do to let that-young prig think so, or he would be re peating it ail. over London bb a bon mot.' "Bat if I linger so over Ge raldine, we shall never get to the remaining members of the fami ly- ';v-' " Sir Daniel you liave seen. I am quite convinced that my invi tation is entirely bis doing. Hav ing dragged me over he does all in his power to make mo feel at home and comfortable. (To be coutinuod.) : 