ENTERTAINMENTS. THEATRES, &c.; Undoubtedly the theatrical event of the H" week has been the production of "Hamlet" ft at the Princess's Theatre, which was ./ crowded on Saturday night and again on || Monday by audiences anxious to see Mr. f|; Wilson Barrett in the famous part of the melancholy Dane. The fact that Mr. Wilson fe Barrett's performance" was rabidly assailed Jr by a section of -the press on Monday morn- || ing was sufficient to draw a larger audience on the second night of the production than |! on the first, and Mr. Barrett took the op portunity to point the moral in a few re- g; marks from the stage. On the opening j|f night the performance had a wonderful re ception, and the principal actor was called hi before the curtain no fewer than 15 times to bow his acknowledgments. A small amount of reflection is sufficient Si to show what an accurate knowledge of the correlations of temperament Shakespeare displays in his development of Hamlet's character. No observer of ordinary pene- 4^1 tration can have failed to notice that it is j| the moody, irresolute, indecisive person §| who most frequently astonishes his circle m by an act of sudden and reckless achieve- If; merit. Feverish impulsiveness co-exists, not £ with solidity of character, but with moral weakness, and the sudden thoughtless hesni- j| cide of Polonius behind the arras, on SUB- §j picion of being the gnilty king, is to the mental pathologist a surer index to the con- !':j dition of Hamlet'a mind than all his solilo- r j quies. The rapid access of passion which £| impels hini to run his sword through the ll body of the old chamberlain is a proof to |j-| the expert character-reader, not of a deci sive and self-reliant mental habit, but of the partial degeneration which seeks to com pensate for the want of a steadfast propose, .that finds .its natural outlet in well-con sidered action, by one hasty outburst of\mrcasoning impulsiveness. Hamlet's cha racter is so many-sided that any actor of in telligence who applies himself to a close, critical study of the part is sure to reflect it, more or less, in a new light, and Mr. Wil son Barrett has evidently read the killing of Polonius as an evidence of strength and re solution rather than of a will sapped by continual introspection and rendered in- ,; capable of concentrated and steady pur pose by "deep-thinking on supra-terrestrial « things." Mr. Barrett suggested a deter- \ mined and aggressive mind almost from the *4 commencement of the play, subordinating the philosophic dilletanteiem of Hamlet's ® character to an energetic martial demeanour more consonant with the character of Laertes. But when that is said, it must also be pointed , out that the performance, within the actor's conception of the cha racter, ?was a thoroughly sound one, full of scholarly touches, refined, sympathetic, and, above «ll, effective, It was a representa tion which bore evident traces of indepen dent study and research, and it may Jailer be said that Air. Barrett's Hamlet is ajK>r» trait well worthy to hang side by sidfe jritlt the Ijcst. delineations of the Dane yet giveO in, Melbburne. The company, taken as a whole, supported the principal actor ajl», tairably. Miss tTeffries made the pathos of .Ophelia's, short, perplexed existence touching; mid Miss M'Oafthy'B tion jof the Queen vas iu!l of jbne would have iikgd to « ^Manning iti the part ? a truly excellent representative of the first grave-digger would thus be lost), for Mr. Hodges was rather overweighted in the part of the doddering, unctuous, small-minded old counsellor. The only member of the company, however, who was cast for a tho roughly unsuitable part was Mr. Percyval bs Laertes. Mr. Percyval had evidently failed to grasp the salient points in the cha racter of that daring, chivalrous, hot-headed young student from Paris, who would stop lit nothing, even treachery, to secure his revenge, and the general effect suffered iu consequence. Yet the production, taking it all round, deserves to be remembered as .n thoroughly interesting and, in places, thriiuiiif, representation of, perhaps, the most difficult ot all Shakespeare's tragedies | to render in a manner which should be worthy of the great traditions with which j It is associated. On Tuesday night "Othello" was staged at | the Princess's Theatre, and again an enor mous audience assembled iu the house, I many hundreds of applicants for admission j having to be turned away from the doors. | To the ordinary playgoer, who does not care to linger over the beauties of Shakes peare's blank verse, and prefers to hurry on to dramatic incident and thrilling situation, the first and secon«i acts of "Othello" are ept to drag, no matter how tenderly the. great passage beginning, "Most potent, grave, and reverend seignors," is de livered by the newly - married Moor. Hut when lago, with inscrutable iniquity, develops his policy in the third act, the attention of the spec tator is riveted at once, and the process by which Othello is gradually enmeshed in the toils of jealousy is watched with absorbed interest. Mr. Wilson Barrett's Othello 6eemed to expand in physical as well as in mental proportions as the play progressed. At the beginning the Moor had the spare athletic form of the trained soldier, but in the scenes in the palace at Cyprus he bulked large in the spectator's eye; his form seemed to increase in size, and his voice to add new ' volume under the stress of passion. Lowell describes a Kentucky farmer, who, when asked to mention his weight, replied that j under ordinary circumstances he drew the ] scale at 1601b. avoirdupois, adding, however, j as an after thought, "'but when I'm mad 11 weigh two ton." Mr. Wilson Barrett ac centuated the ferocity of the Moorish bar barian to a greater extent than the inherent nobility of the character. "Grattez le Russe et vous trouverez Ie Tartare," said the witty Frenchman, and Mr. Barrett's Othello continually reminded one that the Moor, though 6emi-civilised in Venice, stilll bore the impress of his home in Mauretania. The lago of Mr. Edwards was dwarfed by Othello. Sometimes in this play it is Othello who is dwarfed by lago, but Mr. Edwards was not at his best in endeavour ing to suggest the diabolical ingenuity and motiveless cruclty of the "ancient." For Miss Jeffries's Desdemona one can have nothing but praise. Tender, loving, win some, and heartrendingly pathetic as it was, the rendering of this part must be classed among her most successful imper sonations in Melbourne. The Emilia of Miss M'Carthy was also a really fine per formance, and many lovers of Shakespeare will regret that the cloise of Mr. Barrett's season necessitated the withdrawal of such an interesting production after only one performance. Nowadays the playwright resorts very frankly to the novelist for his plot and characters, but all story-writers do not lend themselves to dramatisation as effec tively as the late Mr. George Du Maurier or Mr. Hall Caine. Ouida's "Moths," I which was revived by Mr. Cartwright and 1 his company at the Bijou Theatre on Saturday last, after an absence of seven j-ears from the Melbourne stage, is a , good example of a novel which reads with a sort of plausible possibility, but which fails to carry conviction when presented Dn the stage. A daughter of almost super . natural innocence, who hands herself over . to a satyr in human form in order. to save her own mother from a disgraceful ex posure, is not exactly an agreeable central figure to contemplate. A6 Cayley Drummle ; . used to say, "of all the forms of innocence .mere Ignorance is the least desirable," and ? in painting the character of Vere Herbert the lady novelist has used so much white .% .that the poor girl looks more like a ghost » .than a young female made of flesh and ' .blood. On the stage she has a white . .face, with fair hair hanging down her back ?* in a plait, and she is dressed mostly in white.. Miss Beatrice Lamb pointed the horrid contrast between Vere Herbert and . Sergius Zouroff BO determinedly that the journey of the sheep to the slaughtering yard was realisable with painful distinct ness. It was not the fault of tbe actress that there was little light and shade, and ?less of humanity, in the character, for she : ,ipndeavouml faithfully to represent a l^nonian who was only redeemed from im f Impossibility by her attachment to a fashion i;'>j*Me. tenor, and Miss Lamb, it must be ^ oittedj was very successful, apart from .disadvantage of being physically un to portray tbe part. Mr. Cart as Prince Zouroff showed all bis wer in characterisation, and invested \ a force and vitality, especially ihtait Act, (hat made the figure of the ' i libertine stand oujt in contrast to ft* purity of his victim like tbe gatgoyl^ on the. buttress of a mastery. What a fine lago jjhfc Should make! Miss Dar inej&itibcjxlty; as the Lady Dolly herself look old of ^ch a vell Herbert, but 4 fine assumption of flip oa woridlinesa. The Lord ;':3^y^iii^|j!^ac^w--wa8 j f; Mr, j * yibeoperaVinger, made. a far moie satisfactory lover than lie did in the last production. The remainder of the cast was adequately tilled. "The Irish Detective" has not yet reached the age of compulsory retirement, and he appeared again at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, when Mr. Grattan Biggs, under very trying weather conditions, re peated his well-known performance, in which he impersonates no fewer than seven different characters, including a German American, an aged negro, a female fruit vendor, a Chinese fire-seller, and an Italian padrone. The changes of costume alone must have been very trying on such a hot niglit, but Mr. Grattaa Riggs never I blenched, and he was rewarded, like the King of Barataria, "by the gratifying feel ing that his duty had been done," and the knowledge that his performance com mended itself heartily to the audience. Mr. Dan Barry gives the patrons of the Alexandra Theatre plenty of variety, and the latest production, a melodrama entitled "Streets of Xew York," has been well re ceived. It is not often that a man walks .into a bank, deposits £120,000 with the [manager, and then drops dead, but the rarity of the occurrence is 110 evidence of impossibility, and the event makes a convenient prologue, out of which are de veloped in due course five acts of intrigue, misapprehension, villainy, and retributive justice. Mr. Dan. Barry is supported by Mr. Reg. Hede, Mr. Stoneham, Mr. J. F. Iveogh, Miss Dora Fotheringham, Miss Lizzie Lawrence, and Miss Rita Aslin. 