"A TORN-OUT PACE," published by special arrangement. . ZOOIES,. KTTJSSlESXBXa., author of "footprints in the snow," "the broken seal," "on gold en hinges," "a fatal past," "a bitter birthright," "the last Signal," "the drift of fate," "beneath the wave," "the other bond." "a man's privilege," &c.;, &c.; copyright. CHAPTER V. (Continued). in the meanwhile, Sir George Fairfax awoke. He saw the flower in his coat, and guessed at once who put it there. "Dear little woman!" he thought, 'tenderly: and he went up to her bedroom to thank her. But there was no Isabel. He rang the bell. and her maid answered it. "Where is your lady?" he asked. "My lady, sir," answered the maid, "order ed the carriage about half an hour ago, and .went out to drive."1 "All right," answered Sir George. He did not feel the least uneasy. He thought most probably she had gone to the Admiral's. But when hour after hour passed and she did not appear, he became somewhat disturbed. He rode over to the Admiral's ,and heard with consternation (that she' li>ad not been there, -t Then he quesioned 'the coachman, and learn ed that Isabel had driven to the station. He sent the carriage back ito the .station, and brought him no further news. . He spent' a miserable night, wandering between the sta- itlon and Fairfax House. He never, in fact, attempted to go to bed— listening for every sound with strained ears. When the morning came he looked' haggard, worn and shaky, for he could not understand or account In any way' for Isabel's disappearance. Since their marriage they bad never had an un kind word. He had been devoted' to her — she always gentle and loving to him. When the grey, winter morning dawned. ;he was standing oh the doorstep watching for the postman. "There Is one for you, Sir George," the m'an sa'id. Sir George snatched it from the men's hand. It was In 'the handlwrlting of Isabel. ."My dearest George," he read, with Startling eyes.' " When yo-ut receive this I . shall have left your roof— my home — the home whore I have- been so happy. But I have a confession 'to make to you;, a confession about my early youth, which should have been told to you. before I married you- My early, girlish dajys were spent in Seville, acid I lived with a Madame Dowtmhn. She was not a Spaniard ; in fact, I believe she was a Frenchwoman.: but she had a liberal allowance for any support.Where this came from she never said; hu't I con clude, now, it was from 'the Admiral, who used to cohie to see me at rare intervals. She had a nephew called Pedro Loipez, of whom, apparently, she was. fond'. These -two jpiot- ted'and schemed, and induced- a young girl to marry I'.Iti. I was sixteen when I /w«« married to Pbdro Lopez, and from that hour ., I never had a haipipy day. He was "a coarse., selfish man., given . to gambling; and, or . course, 'my supposed fortune was my oniv attraction in his eyes. We quarrelled in cessantly. , when, once more, !the Admiral ap- n eared. 'Madame Dowmam Implored me tio< to tell him that I was married to Pedro Loipez, as she said he .would be so angry. As it was, I found- he had come into his pro perty, and wanted me to go home to Eng land with htm. He had several private in terviews with iMadiame Dowman, and itold me he had given, her a sum of money wi'tb the understanding that all ray connection with. Spain was to cease. I suppose she shared this money with Pedro. A-t all events, I went away with .the Admarll, unmolested. Then I came to Heathfield, where I met you, George. What was 'fivy horror, .when I re turned from the ball, the evening I first me: you, to find a note lying on my toilette from Pedro Lopez. He had come for money, which he always wanted. I was afraid' to refuse his demand. I met him in the woods, where he asked me to rnuaet him. and gave him whqjt I could. But this was not suffi cient for his requirements; 'I promised to go again, wihieh I did, and gave him the rest of what he. wanted. I knew it would never .cease, but he -was afraid of the Admiral, and keipt fairly within bounds. Do you remem ber when you first asked me to be your wife? I told you mine was a shadowed life. It 'truly was! Then came the tragedy of Pedro Lopez's death. I had gone again to meet Mm, to give him some further money, when I came upon him lying in the woods dead, with a dagger in his breact. George! I am innocent of this man's death. -Believe this at least of me. He had been killed by a dagger of foreign workmanship, they said at it-he inquest. But who struokhe blow I know not. At least. I did not. Buit the most weird and tragic part of -the storv Is yet to come. After we bald -been married and bad returned hime, one afternoon out of the Inner drawing-room aplpeared to one what seemed an aparltion of 'the -dead man. I shrieked, - and .put out my hands, but he sneerlngly assured me he was -not -Pedro's ghost, but Sebastian, Lopez, Pedro's brother. I had a vague remembrance of hearing iMadame Dowman and Pedro talking of this 'Sebastian. He had, of course, come for the same thing as Pedro, and he tried to frigh ten me by pretending to -believe that I had killed Pedro. This, George, If these were the last words I should ever write,. I did not! However, with difficulty I .persuaded Sebas tian Lopez to go back to Spain. I raised the money he required, the Admiral lending me t wentv-five pounds, and I thought I was free, for a time at least, from his galling Importunities. But not six weeks had elaps ed when I received another letter from this wretched man, demanding -more monev. George, -this determined me to leave vour home. I will not have your honourable life overshadowed; and so I have started for London, and will bury myself there in some lonely place where no one shall see me. Do not" sec-k. to find me; but do not quite forget me, for I loved you well. Good-bye, dear George, and believe -me always. "Your faithful "ISABEL." George, Fairfax was greatly- affected after he read this letter. "Oh, my poor, poor girl," he murmured, "my poor, poor girl!" He was not a religious man, but some ir.stlnet prompted him to fall;on his knees. "O God, help me to find her," he cried, "help me to find her." Ten minutes later he was galloping on his road to Heathfield. When he 'arrived here the Admiral was at breakfast, but he started up anxiously as George entered the room. "Have you heard anything »f Isabel?" he asked eagerly. "Yes," answered George Fairfax. "I have heard from her. This is her letter," and lie laid It on the breakfast-table. "Now, tell ine," he said, "as we are two men of honour together, Is what Is written here truth?"" "It is ti'ue," said the Admiral, "with the exception that I never knew she had 'mar ried Pedro Lopez. Had I known so, I should not have allowed her lto marry an honour able man llkb you." "But she must have married him, you see," answered George Fairfax. "As she has written she must," replied the Admiral, "for I never knew Isabel tell a lie." "I will find ;her," answered George. Fairfax, with a determined look on his face. And thus the two men parted. An hour later. Sir George was on his road to London, to seek for the wife, who had forsaken him, TO BE CONTINUED.) 