Visit of the Bishop of Newcastle to the McDonald River. The Bishop of Newcastle paid a visit to this district last Saturday week, 6th August, and remained until the following Thursday, visiting various churches, holding services and confirmations. On Saturday, 6th, a concert, for the purpose of raising funds for the completion of the new Church pf Eng lrnd, was held in the new building (uncon secrated) and passed off very successfully, £114/- being added to the funds thereby. The programme was as follows í-Piano forte solo, Mrs. B. F. Murphy ; soup, ' Anchored,' Mr Murphy ; an encore to this song was demanded and 1 McSawley's most beautiful twins' was sung in response ; song, ' The Angel's Call,' by Miss M Fernance with violin obligato by Mr E Walker ; song, ' Hybrias the Cretan,' by Rev F A Cadeli ; song, < O Maris Stella,' Miss Walker, with violin obligato by Mr E Walker ; song, ' The Skipper,' by Mr Murphy, to which the audience aBked an encore and another humorous song was. given in response ; duet; ' O wert thou in the cauld blast,' by Miss M Fernance and Rev Cadell. Then followed an address by the Bishop, partly humorous and partly descriptive of some of the scenes he witnessed at tbe Queen's Jubilee. Perhaps it would not be out of place if I attempt to describe something of what he said about the latter. He described the Queen coming to the steps of St Paul's Cathedral in tbe procession of Jubilee Day in touching words. The bishops were drawn up on the steps of the Cathedral, and the Queen, a dear, quiet, dignified little old lady alighted, leaning on her stick, and remain ing (on account of an infirmity) at the bottom of the steps while the servioe pro ceeded. The Te Deum was sung well dur« inti th« sft vi-o, imf wit thrillingly, however, when Hie old hundredth «as g.ven out it waa taken up by the hundreds and thousands of people which filled the streets, and throat after throat in the streets took up the hymn, the voice of praise arose from a larger multitude than ever before in Eng land joined together in praising God. The Queen stood the service well so far, but when at the end of the service the Bishop of London called for " three cheers for the Queen," and when the response rent the air as it was taken up by all near and far, she was moved by the Vast roar of loyalty. His Lordship also gave a description of how the colonial troops were welcomed and their uniform admired by the people, and bow they were everywhere feted. Even when tbey were walking in the streets people were glad to meet s nd speak with them. A per son would meet a colonial, recognising him by bis uniform, and ask the pleasure of shaking hands with him, and ask him in to have dinner, or a oup or coffee, or such like, and enquire about the colony. Then again bow one of the troopers on being told the Queen wished to speak with him, entered the presence of Her Majesty, and stopped 20 yards away from her. Go up closer, he was told, so he went a few yards closer. Closer ! Closer ! he was again told until he was within a few paces of Her Majesty. Then the Queen told him how much she admired their uniform and how glad she was to have them at her Jubilee. Song, 'The Better Land,' by Miss M Fernance. Then Rev F A Cadell, in a few words re turned thanks to those who had assisted, especially Mr and Mrs Murphy who had came from Sydney for the purpose. After this followed a reading from ' Uncle Remus,' by Rev Cadell ; song, ' The island of dreams,' Mrs Murphy, followed by * We'd better bide a'wee,' as an encore, and a song, ' At Bene diction,' by Rev Cadell brought a very pleasant concert to a close. Mrs Murphy, Miss M Thompson, and Miss Walker as sisted as accompanists. After the concert the performers, at the invitation of Rev F A Cadell, partook of light refreshments at the Parsonage. On Sunday morning the Church, for the reception of the rite was filled ; for the Con firmation Service 16 males and 17 females were present, and about ll o'clock the ser vice began with the Binging of the hymn ' The Church's one Foundation.' then the prayers, &c;, as appointed in the service drawn up by the Bishop of Newcastle for these occasions, were read by the Curate in charge (Rev Cadell). Then followed the hymn * Soldiers of Christ arise,' sung by the congregation and choir only. After this, the Confirmation Service proper began with the usual exhortation in the prayer book, followed by the Bishop's first address, in which he pointed out to the candidates, in earnest words, how that they had come to the time of life when they must think and act for themselves, and the larger temp tations they were liable to as they grew older. Also that having considered the matter he wished them to, with their own mouth and consent, confirm their baptismal vows, and live as true soldiers and servants of .Christ. Before the laying on of hands there was a short pause for silent prayer, and the hymn * Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire' was sung, after which the female candidates, who were dressed in white, and then the males knelt down one by one before the Bishop and received the rite. When all were confirmed, the con cluding prayers were said, followed by the second address from the Bishop, full of earnestness, eloquence, and exhortation to live up to the Christian standard. The hymn, ' 0 Jesus, I have promised,' was then Bung by those just confirmed, then 1 Onward Christian Soldiers' by all present. This brought the Confirmation Service to a close, after which the Holy Communion was administered. On Sunday afternoon the weather was damp though not so much so as in the morn ing, when the Bishop, accompanied by the Curate in charge, drove to Upper McDon ald. Here the Bishop preached to a good congregation, taking for bis text Acts 16.19, " And on the Sabbath we went out of the city by a river side, where prayer was wont to be made." His Lordship said that the text could not have been more applicable to the present circumstances if St. Paul had spoken tho words in this church. He went on to say that he had great respect for old buildings such as this one, in consideration of the good work they had done in the . past ; and suggested that as the building had done its work, some building more suitable to the present day should be erected. He also, in earnest, loving words, exhorted the congregation to value God's house ; for in the business of our lives we were inclined, like a bicycle which brought UB rider to this afternoon's service- gather ing mud on its way-to become cloged with the cares of the world, and required God's assistance to keep our lives o\mn and good. Atibe service on Sunday tYtnine, |^^t.4¿lban8, the address was a masterly exposition of the text, " That we should be a kind of first fruits of His creatures." Jas'. 1:18. His Lordship said that God was working for the perlection of this world. A pattern, it is said, is necessary tc work up to ; tir, to put it in another way, a child at school must always be given some high standard to look up to-for does not the master point to the sixth (the bighest class in the school) as his model (his firs! fruits) for the children in lower classes tc strive to reach. On Monday the Bishop held a confirma tion service at Higher McDonald for twa candidates who were prevented from attend ing the service at St. Albans. A good number of people were present. In his first address, His Lordship pointed out that we could be useful in the community by living good and earnest lives. The second address was more general, earnest, eloquent, and heart-stirring. . They shall be satisfied with the plente ousness of Thy House' (Psalm 36-8) was the text of a sermon at Central McDonald on Tueiday. His Lordship delivered an eloquent and stirring address, which was much enjoyed by all present. The visit was concluded by an eloquent address from tue Bishop at Wiseman's Ferry on Wednesday, 10th. A set of windows has lately been put in the new St Albans Church by Messrs Good let and Smith, and have been much ad mired. They are lead lights, and the Bide windows in the main building have each a ventilator giving about 13 inches opening, The large window at the east end has a beautiful monogram I.H.S. in dark blue in the centre, the centre portion of the window around the I.H.S. being composed of diamond panes, of light pink and light blue cathedral glass. The remainder, with the exception of the bordering, is made up of square panes, light pink and light green. The smaller, i.e., the side and vestry (1) windows ara of diamond panes, light pink and light green cathedral glass. The total cost, including the cost of putting in, was about £26. 