CURING CLAXTON. Ned Claxton wan the bully of tho works. A fair hand at his trade and Titular as the clock, ho had been promoted to the position of fore man in thu moulding-shop, vested with a little real and much imaginary authority. Ned hisd never been a favourite with any of the bands for a sourer or more tetchy mortal never drew wage at Cram-lea Works. His elevation made him intolerable. It was «, ninu ilnys' wonder «t the works that so gent'e a rise in tho industrial scale could have given any sane creature so in flated an idea of his own importance as tlmt which Claxton possessed after being raised to the position of foreman. He was one of those who believe tbat authority is meant to be exer cised, so was very prodigal in his use of such us lay in his hands. The 'prentice-boys abhorred bim, whilst the older men would have disdained to kick him. He was snappish and overbearing, without a thought save that of getting the work out of hand as quickly and cheaply us he could. And in this, it may be chronicled as matter of fact, lhat lit; was less successful than old Dave Mnitland, who preceded him, or young Bob Crewdson who followed him. Both were quiet and methodical, hut the moulding-shop prospered under each of them. Cl.ixton wasn't always a bully. Before he gave the job up hu chinged, and it whs Bob Crewdson who changed him. Bob's treatment nearly g*vo Claxton his final promotion — or degradation. But that's the story. Bob was a strapping young fellow of twenty two, smart and steady, with a head full of technical school, aivl an compressible desire to get on. Ho bad se'ved his time at the Crane lea Works, and bad laid mis of the proprietors uudcr 'i debt of j;r:i'.if,ud« to him, so disre garded as being peculiarly ' 'ell in ?' with the management. How Bob bad 'lono himself a good turn was by saving the life of Norman Westleigh, son of Cburles Norm.n Wcstleigh, one of tho proprietors and managing director of the works. Norman, a frolicsome iad of nineteen, was in the fitting-shop hitmiing the business. Bob and he had become attached to each other. One hot. July afternoon Norman had slipped out to have a dip in the works' reservoir. He was u poor Bwimmur, and after swimming into ;!eep water became exhausted. His cries for help brought the hands out of the moulding-shop en mas-e. Seeing i head in the n servoir, Bob Crswdson dashed into Ihe water and alter a hard struggle drjpusitcd Norman WeBtleigh on th bank, more dead than alive, for which action Charles Norman Westleigh H/5U his son were ever after grateful. The *tta.?.htn8:nt between Bob and Norman grew stronger. Generous and true-hearted, Bob Crewdson detested Uluxtuu ' He's a disgrace to the worfca,' he would say. ' If 1 were principal I'd clear him in twenty minutes '' Claxton learned of the mutinous thoughts and feelings which possessed Bob Crewdson, and wojld gladly have kicked him out of Ihe plac-\ . But Claxton's authority fell short of any Himmnry execution or disrating of Crewdson. And each of them knew it. . -„? Tho latest addiiion to the large staff of the Cranelea Works was a wisp of a boy named Peter. He wa« a wee, blue-wjed laddie, with hair as soft and light as flax, and, according to the best information to hand, was nobody's child. He was 13, had come out of an orphan age, and was living with an old woman whose principal means of livelihood was an old I'lisbioned and creaky mangle. Peter had conn into the works to make his living, like a man. Claxton bullied the boy until he cried from sheer bewilderment. Out cold and stormy duj Claxton sent Peter out for his own dinner. On gittiug back, Pater tripped over an iron bar which lay on *.he floor ';t the moulding-shop, and in aixinaUut Claxtbn's dinner mingled witti tbo black sand and the fragments- of the plalo which had contained it. A loud laugh broki involuutarily from the men as they observed the disaster, and three of them ran to the aid uf little Peter. Claxton grew black as thunder. Storming at the lad for being a clumsy yoiini? fool he administered to him a heavy cuff uhiH stretched him a second lime on the sand. ' 'Jire.' he growled, 'Go right back to my house and bring some more dinner, and let me see you throw tbat iiway and I'll sack you. Go It was raining hard. Peter who had on but a' ihin '? slop ' jacket, hobbled away, rubbing his leg. Three quarters of uu hour later hu hobbled liack again with the fresh dmuer, .wet to the tin. At night- the l»d went home chilled to the marrow, took to his bed, mid remained in it for nearly a month, tenderly cared for by the old mangle woman. ' The scamp wants shooting for treating the ki.l in thit way,' said Bob Crowdson, learning that little Pnter was at home struggling with a fever brought on by exposure to the rain. 'I'll pay him off for that somehow, or my name isnY Crewdson,' he added savagely. . At half-past five o'clock tbat night Bob Crewdson and NovmanWestleigh were observed in subdued co-w«rsation in. the engine-house. Crewdson was explaining something to Norman, the youth occasionally , interrupting him with a query or objection upon souifi point,and Crewd sou pausing to argue or miku the matter plain. By six o'clonk a scheme, mutually approved of, had been devised. - ..-.??? 'I would o'ft like to getthe scoundrel the 'sack,' though he deserves it,' said Bob Crewd son.as they were on the point of parting for the night. 'We'll be quits with him, though, seo if. vu're not.' ; ' Like most bullies, Ned Clitxton was at henrl iui ' arrttut coward. :lt was the knowledge of this that led Bob Cre-vdson to determine almost to 'frighten the life out of him.' for his harnh treutmeut of tho hands in general, and of little Peter in par ticular. . It was six o'clock on the morning but one after Crewdson and Norman Westleigh had piocted together in .'the engine-house. Ned Claxvon hid jU|t 'entered the *orks with a con sequeutial air. Boa Ciewdsoa, hands in pockets, and tb« very picture of nonchalant iu dilfiifenne, ippfoswherl hjro. ' Goi'd morning, l\sH,'' said Bob airily. . ' Murom', ' growled Caxbon. casting a con teropt'.tooslook on the young moulder. ?Bob Crewdspu PKirted back. Hi*i hands rose, before him as a look of. alarm overspread his face. ???.'?? 'What's to do witfi you i' sam uiaxton grulllv, with an oath. -' Good heavens ! What's the matter with you, Ned ?'' exclaimed Crewdsou, gazing with a startled look 'mlo Claxtou's eyes. Claxlon turned pale. ' Wha— what's to do r1' he asked, with terror in tone and features. ' Why— you'ru like a corpse, mail. Go aud look in tho glass iu the office. What's the mat ter with you ? ' ' Nowt as I know of,' came a shaky reply, as Claxton, now hardly able to walk steadily, passed on. Approaching the moulding-shop he encoun tered Jake Grainger, a moulder. Juke stopped ; stepped backward, and stared into Claxton's face, with a look of blank astonishment. ' What's up ? '' asked lUaxlon hardly able to articulate a word. ' Are you bad, Ned ? ' was the. answer, with simulated concern. 'Not au I'm aware of. AVhy ? ' ' You look more lit for bed than work. If I were you I'd see the doctor. Man ! You are white as a sheet.' Grumbling an incoherent something, Ned Claxton staggered on. Work had startec Claxton had occasion to go to Ihe cnginc-bousr. Harry Redfern tl'c driver was cleaning up, after oiling and starting the engine. He turned as Claxton entered, and immediately east upon him a look of aiii:i7.e:iii'iit. 'What's the miitli r with you, Ned ?' lie asked, gazing intently at Cluxton. ' Nothing. Why ?' mine the answer, as Claxlnu struggled hard to keep a brave front under this third attack. ' You do look had. You're as pale «h death.' ' Am I ?' retorted Claxton, breaking down again. ' You are that. If I were ycu I would go home and go to bed. There's sum unit on you. Nowt like taking a thing of that sort iu time.'' Clitxtc-n thought so. Muttering hu iueohf rent reply, with a cursory glance round the place lie p-ssed out again. Ho was inexpressibly miser able. Something must be the matter with him he thought Something was the matter Tvilh him. He could fed it. After an aimless wnlk sicnund thu works, he arrived at tin; fitting-shop. He had no imme diate business there, yet he entered and looked around The hands were at work. Norman AVestleigh had started and saw him as he canio in. As Claxton neared, Nor man slopped his work and went towards him. ' Ne — d I ' exclaimed Nopimu in alarm, ' What in the uamu of goodness has come over yon ? You .ire as pale as de»th, -vre you ill ? ' ' Only middling like tbis morning,.' was the ausww. ' You do u,ok bad. I'd see the doctor at once if 1 were you. Doesn't he look bad ? ' The query was addressed indefinitely to the men near. ' Ho does that,' was the reply of voices in unison. 'Seethe doctor,' said NorniAn Westleigh, with a penetrating gaze into Claxton's face. ' I — I ^u:in Ka,' was t,a.-. i nly, as Claxton turned from the fitting-shop, He could stand ;io norn of it. A moment late;- he Tfi-?ntered the fitting shop and stag gered up to Norman W&itleigh.; ' I'm going home,' he said, in shaky tones. Tell them 1'iv ill, will jou, Notsn^a ? ' ' I'll tell th'jm,' a?.id Normiiu, lowering his head to hide the fcwinltlo which was playing in his ey«. Before Claxton reached the door of the works he was stopped by a fireman. 'Whatover's the matter 'vith you, Ned ? You look as pale as a ghost,' was the salutation. ' Bad ' ' was the uusw^r. '' Going home, bad.' Cluxton passed out, went home and lo bed, and ordered his wife to Win); the doctor im mediately. His pale, anxious face was n nufii cient answer to her look of inquiry. His wite hurried away. In an hour the doctor stood by Claxtou's bedside. That thire was something wrong with the man tho doctor felt convinced when he hac! finished Ill's examination. niaxton truthfully reported tbat he 2elh too ill to talk or -!»l or do anything. As to the precise jiaturo -r the ailment the doctor was us ignorant as a child. So he prescribed a simple medicine, gave a number of wise, hygienic instiuetiLns uud took Ins departure. On the following Friday Normnu Westleigh ntered the moulding -shop at three o'clock in the afternoon in a 3tute of high excitement. Walking- up to Bob Crewd son, he motioned to him to come outside. Bob accompanied bim lo it quiet corner oC the works. ' Bob,' aaid Norman, with unteigind con ci rn, ' what iu Heaven's nsime are we to do ? vjiaxcon s ayjag. a^suiact;. j.uey ve jus& sent down to the ofilce to say so. We've frightened him to death.' ' Bosh 1' exclaimed Cruwdson scorninlly. 'It's true as gospel. He's worried himseli to pieces. He's-dying. Th'.y don't know wh:it to make of it, only that he's Ul and »bout done, for. H he dies »nd it gets out, ws're in' for man slaughter. Do '.you understand p' ' Get me his address, mid tell them I've 'gone up to see him. I'll make that all right,' said Crt-wdson confidently. . ? An hour later Bob Crewdson stood 'by the bed- side of Ned Claxton. For once Bob was ?larmed. Claxton appeared to be dying. 'Ned !'he exclaimed, grasping tho sick man's hand. ' have done with this fooliug. . You're no more ill than 1 am. Telling you you were ill was all a ' put-up job.* We did it to pay you oil for being so snarly and brutal with little Peter. You wanted flogging, you mean scum p. Now turn out and come to work, and behave yourself like a man. You're as well as I am.' Bob Crewdson told the whole story to Mrs Ciaxlon And Mrs. Claxton told it to the doctor, a'he doe.tor looked crave, and then rated Clax ton soundly for being a fool. Whereupon Clax tou commenced instantly to got better for very spite and perversity. On the following- Monday morning Ned Claxton turned up at the works at the custom ary hour. He was chauged both in looks und manner. The knowledge that he would there after be the laughing-stock ;t the Cranelea Work? was an intolerable burdew to him. livery vestige of tyranny, bod be*n eradicated from him, aud be might- ;iave worked ou bravely un til he tad mude -by-gohes by-gunes, and lived down the old *nd bad record, and thelnugh had spen*. itself. .But the sight of little Peter, more fair and frail than bver, comiug feebly into this works a fortnight later was too much for him. ' J'm going. I can't stand no more of it,' he said as he rushed into the cllice.mude a brief communication to tho timekeeper, and thuu slunk away to the rear of the works. They saw him no more. Bob Crewdson was put in charge of the moulding-shop, aud little Peter was taken into the office. To-day Boh is the trusty manager of Crane lea Works, a clever, practical scientist, good Jjearted, aud respected by 1,500 ineu. Peler is assistant cashier, and may some day |)e ? but that's another story. 