THE STORYTELLER. TRAGIC JOKING. By A.M.H. "No, I did not go to the review," said Mrs. Thomson, "I was staying with Mrs. tiraham, and she has such a horror of fire inns now. For my part, I consider it posi ,i\\-dy wicked to give way to grief as she .|,i(\s. So I went to try and cheer her up." "So very odd, wasn't it?" remarked Mrs. .me. "Of course she says it was anaccident, but '.en why should he shoot himself also? : :mI is what I always ask. Mrs. Graham \- -,i close about it all, too. The only time : i,mched upon the subject she began to v, ;iud left the room. However, I got ill out of her old servant. People are r.v differently constituted. Now, it always i's me good to talk over a worry." Die only other caller, a young man wait for an opportunity to terminate his call, an amused eye on her. Mrs. Thorn CU'MHKR SPANIEL, TIRRITA ROBIN HOOD. IMPORTED CLUMBER SPANIEL, CHKLMSI'uKD CHI M. son caught the young man's eye and held it. "It must have been about the time you went to England last year, Mr. Brooke," TOI LOI SK GKKSK (Mil. P. HIUGCS). =aii); "they kept it out of the papere a ;it Jim!, but Maud Graham and her lover v. .-iv found shot in Mrs. Graham's orchard, ^iili a revolver in his hand. Now, if it ".vic an accident, why did he sboot hiin si'li?" I asked Mrs. Graham if there were ii.in her family, or his, but she hojran to cry. He must have been devoted to her too, though ehe had been a long time making up her mind, and he had given her a lovely diamond ring. Part of all the mystery was that Maud was wrapped in a long, transparent sort of white cloak, fas tened at the throat with a death's-head clasp. Such a horrid idea for a girl. But OlU'lMJTON OOCK (MR. Q. E. A.NDUEW). INDIAN GAME HEN (MR. G. E. ANDKEW). BLACK NEWFOUNDLAND, HAKRODEN IROXMASTER. VICTORIAN POULTRY AND KENNEL CLUB SHOW. ?JAPANESE SPANIEL, KIIIO TOLA-GE. you never know what girls will do. He had no relatives to fret over him. Mrs. Graham is a wreck, she has let her pretty house and come to live near here, where she knows nobody. She actually heard the shots, von know, and " Mr. Brooke had risen to his feet. "Great Heavens!" he said; "and through that wager!" "A wager!" pounced Mrs. Thomson. "What wager!" "Did I say a wager?" I must have been thinking of the races to-morrow. How truly awful! Good-bye, Mrs. vaije. Good bye, Mrs. Thomson." "The young men of the present day," said Mrs. Thomson, as the door closed, "are destitute of ordinary good feeling and de void of manners. While you speak of one thing they think of another. Now he will go to his races without a second thought of that tragedy." But he did Dot. He spent the morning getting a letter of introduction to Mrs. Gra ham, whom he next called upon. The year before there had come into the town a ghost, whose ac tivity bordered on the supernatural, and whose artistic make-up was beyond dispute. Slim and white, in a skele ton suit, with a face of white fire, and a long, transparent, white cloak, which flut tered at every breath, it held the female portion of the town in a state of terror. Sometimes it glided like an orthodox spirit; sometimes it came flying over a high hedge; sometimes it danced like a dervish; but the white fire and the bones and the cloak never varied. The trick was being played for a wager, people said, and young Wilson alone regarded it with favour. Had not Maud Graham said she would marry him if he caught the ghost? Being a confident young man, he chose a ring, which he carried care fully in the inner pocket of whichever coat lie wore, and went light-heartedly to work. He had expected to announce his engage ment in a week; yet on the seventh day he had seen the ghost but three times-twice as a white mist against the darkness, and once as a skeleton in a whirling cloak sailing over a six-foot hedge. At the end of a fortnight hia pursuit was as keen ;is vver, and the pliost seemed to en ter into the gatae. He could reckon on seeing it at least twice every night, near enough to count its ribs, and always out of reach. Then he began to have a queer feeling that l? when he did not seek the ghost it sought him. On nights too wet to go out a tap- £,'? ping on his door would make him fling that ^ door open, to see the retreating flutter of the well-known cloak. When he turned his head in a dark alley he would see it | silently dogging him. Meanwhile he presented the appearance of one who slept little and at odd hours, and -T.\ Maud Graham was tilled with compunction. One evening her kitten ran from her into the street: she followed it, captured it, and looked bao to see in the gloaming a white (igure betweeii her and the gate. That she should run wildiy from it round the corner and into the arms of a man coming towards A ( AXDALUSIAX COCK (MR. J. B. CRAWFORD). IMPORTED ST. BERNARD, LORD L1LBLR.N". her, and that that man should he young Wilson, was only what was due to.. romance. The kitten suffered somewhat from the shock, but thereafter the course oi^ true love ran smooth. ' Going home that night Wilson was think I.ANCsHAN COCK (MH. \V. SKELTON). v. '» of angels. when ii>t- ruse sudden'y ;U"^er a hedge. and alitrhted almost beside *'. "*11. before the equally astonished appari jh . n could move Wilson had it by its fioat garment. But the gho^t was gone, leav cloak in his grasp. When afterwards !»»r.'ipected it proved to be a cloak. such as a >d"iry might vve.ir, and girt with a girdle of ffj^drops-a cobwebby thing, with a curious "'.ith's-head clasp. |f,n.e remembrance of the ghost's conduct in the evening filled him with anger, l'.iil been mocked aud baffled, so he took Pjk'j-na!! revolver from a drawer, and went to "wing' the mocker. But the ghost ft?'- nnt ^"isii>]e. because, irs time being up, Us i as leaving, appropriately enough, by tne 'k night express. The early post brought t^T » -on a summons out of town for the day, ;i e sent the cloak and a note to the i i ' * -T.'liams, -iviug lie would be there about "^t o'clork. A. was bright starlight when he opened »?' gate iuio the orchard, which lay be the sueet and the house-bright ^.ugli co see under tlie trees a white tigure the wavering outJ.nfs oi the ghost c'.oak. ^ras liere then this thing which had terri her, here in her own orchard. He ~£)ped short with a superstitious thrill. Man or ghost, it was hunting him now: was floating towards him under the trees, and a little cold wind seemed to come before it. Suppose she had come to the gate to meet him. and had met this thing. His hand touched something hard through his over coat pocket-the revolver loft carelessly there overnight-and half in anger, half with that thrill of superstition, he warned rhe figure twice that if it came on he would fire. It did come on. and he did fire. Then, lighted match in hand, he knelt be side the body to discover it was his sweet heart. She had come to meet him, and she lay there with a tiny bullet- hole on her temple. The ghost cloak was around her, and on the hand which clasped it at her throat was the sparkle of the ring he had put there last night. The match burnt out FOX TKIUUKR I'UPI'Y, MELBOURNE BLAZEAWAY. between bis fingers, and to bis stunned brain there was no need of anything but that second shot. If you can connect this disjointed tale you will see why Walter Brooke counts no plea sine too great to give up; no trilling atten tion too small, when by these means he can bring some sunshine into the life of a lonely old lady. PEKIN DUCKS (MR. P. BB1GUS). VICTORIAN POULTRY AND KENNEL CLUB SHOW. DRIVING ASTKlHi: The strangest vehicle and tin- most un comfortable method of transportation in Eastern Siberia that I have ever become acquainted with bv practical experience twrites Mr. Stephen Honsal in "Harper's Magazine'' for July) is what theb'ussians.or rather the Siberians, call a "sit-astride." 1 ma trine. if you will, one of those 1 bodiless contrivances used in lumber countries to carry loj;s fruin the river, ivith a distance of some .SHI':, or -Wit. and ony a single connecting polo between die front and ilie re;ir axles. and you will ii.Yw a very ji.uhI idea of tlio S.!>ori;iti sii astride, only, of course, it is ii"t halt' so liuifZ. Fnvn the front axle there run* a plank, sometimes tufted and i cushioned, but generally not, upon which the luckJess passenger is expected to straddle, and let bis legs dangle in the dust of the road beneath nirn. After a very short ride, and when his toes have conn.' in sharp contact with the prominent boulders of the road, the traveller will naturally as sume ilie only attitude in which it is pos sible to sit astride with safety. You must shorten your stirrups, as it were, though you have no stirrups and no bridle, and nothing to hold 011 by; but you can grip ihe boards with your knees, as one might cling to a bucking horse, and then you are sale, if far from comfortable, and must grin and bear it. SWEET REVENGE. The judge had never taken a Turkish lxnli. but he was not feeling his best that morning, and it suddenly occurred to him to test its vivifying effects, so enthusiasti cally descanted upon l).v his young frienJ?. h seemed to the judge that the rubber was terribly rough, hut, fearing to expose his inexperience and subject himself to ri dicule by objecting to the regular treat ment, lie patiently endured being punched, pummelled, slapped, spanked, whacked. H! I.I. IV.h; lTPPlKS, SIRE, DOMA MUXlil NOHSKMAN. and ]><ikcd. until he could not stand the torture a moment longer. "Is-it-qui-ite-ncces-sary - to - m-ake in e- hla-ack-and-blue-all - ov-er?" panted the judge, and as irregularly, as the W11JTE L):<;HO]i\ COCK iMK. J. B. CllAWFlMD). WHITE LEGHORN 11EN (MR. J. B. CRAWFORD). ruliher dug his fists iu more or less vigour ously. "Never you mind; I'm fixin* you/' re sponded the rubber, redoubling his assaults, ami grinning diabolically-at least eo it seemed to the judge. "Who (slap, groan) are (thud, groan), you?" gasped the judge, a horrible stupi cion dawning in his mind. "Your (whnck, groan) face (thump, groan) does (whack, groan) look (slap, groan) fa- (thud, groan) -miliar" (awisli, groan). "0, you remember me, do you?" growled the rubber, sarcastically. "Well, dash yer old hide, niebbe you'd like to send uie up for six months again for prize fightin'!" "Harper's." I'nr Teachers.- A recent speaker at a teacher's Tuivtiw entliuhiastjcully assured his hearers that \- "ji i-hfid's extremity is the teacher's opportunity." 