NOTES AND COMMENTS. Football (says an exchange) is a mistake unless conducted under moral auspices, and j/even then it is not a distinguished success. In a recent match a clergyman was appointed referee, and he filled the bill to the satisfaction of 90 per cent of the players. On an appeal for a foul he said: ' Did you touch it, M'Tsvish?' <1 did.' 4 Free kick,' said the referee. And now the opposite oraior save : * Bli me, what chance have we with a referee who conducts this show on the Ten Commandments.' * * « * A London paper accepts the responsibility for the following social story of a vice-regal lady, who was led to believe that the showy wife of a well-to-do liceneed victualler was the leader of local society. Her ladyship j consequently cultivated her, and even—to the profound disgust of the community—revised the Government House visiting list on her recommendations. The pride of the licensed victualler's wife naturally knew no bounds, and she had seldom ' Dear Lady X ' out of her month. Now the publican's family lived in great style, whereas the Governor's table was chiefly famed for its Arcadian simplicity and frugality. One night Lady X., supping at the publican's hospitable board after a dance, remarked on the sumptuous character of the viands. The hostess took the compliment as a hint, and next morning she sent over to Government House a dish of trifle and blanc mange, with her respects, and she hoped that they'd come in useful. On dit Lady X. had hysterics, and the Governor remembered all his quarter-deck oaths. Anyhow, the food waa returned without thanks or comment, and Lady X.'s manner to the publican's wife became arctic. * * * In view of recent Supteme Court proceedings the following fr«m a debate last week in Victorian Parliament may be worth consideration by the Government:—Mr Carter, who was speaking on the amendment of the law .of libel, evolved an idea, which, if not altogether novel, did not seem to harmonise with his previous persistent opposition to anything in the guise of State Socialism. He was against the further 'unbridling' of the Press to any degree What was the Press? Only a commercial institution] Something run solely for the filling of the pockets of the proprietors} Why not have Etate newspapers? And then Mr Carter developed his grand idea. The Government Bhould run a newspaper of its own. This new organ wonld be of a very cheerful character. There would be no leading articles ; no expressions of opinion in any form! Speeches, however, would be given verbatim and without condensation 1 And—(here is the cream of the joke)—' It would be perfectly easy to arrange for a special service of cablegrams from the other world!' The enterprising idea of getting a cable service from -the other world' might be worthy of enconragement if there were, any chance' of establishing reliable communication. It had to be inferred amidst bursts of laughter what Mr Carter really meant by his last remark. , * » * * On the Norton-Meagher case the ' Colonel' writes in * Orange Leader':—I knew a man some years ago who owned a newspaper printed in a town on the southern line. He had several sons, each of whom was 'a pretty man of his hands.' The father was editor, and was more handy with his pen than his knuckles, and he offended some smart Alec in the village, whereupon the smirt Alec got a horse-whip (an ordinary buggy-whip") and sallied forth in quest of the editor. Unfortunately for him he had let his tongue wag beforehand, and the printers knew what was coming. The result was that the irate citizen got about the worst punching he ever had, because he met one of the sons instead of the old man. Anyhow, an ordinary horsewhip is a useless weapon, because the person to be thrashed ha« to stand off a certain distance for it to be effective, and if he sails in and gives you a ' woodener on the point,' following up with a * whiftersniffier under the listener,' where are you ? A greenhide whip is a different thing altogether, especially if you get a good one straight home with the butt-end before asking any questions. Apropos of the recent Meagher-Norton encounter, the following from a ' Windsor Ganette, contributor is interesting :—* It is nearly 20 years since a similar encounter took place in Pitt-street. It was the late Walter Cooper who then thrashed John Henniker Heaton, now M;P. for Canterbury, England. Heafcon rushed for shelter into the hotel eailed the Elephant and Castle, kept by Frank Underwood, -which then stood on the sHe now occupied by a swell insurance office. Vaulting over the counter like a circus acrobat, Heaton crouched behind the barmaid's bulk—she was a tall girl—and howlingly praying for succour cried, ' Martha, Martha, save ms, save me from this terrible man.' Walter was fined 40s for the assault. * * * Mr Von Bibra must be held responsible if the disease assumes serious proportions. Yesterday we were visited by Mr C. E. Ooates, who informed ns that he had a dog yarn that could knock spots off that one of Mr Von Bibra's which we unsuspectingly printed the day before. Mr Coates' story was to the effect that his brother-in-law, Mr W; L. Taylor, of Glenburnie station, Kilmore, Vi;. (the address is given as a guarantee), had a rough-coated terrier that birth to a single pure-bred puppy, and gave up the ghost coincidentally. Taylor's only_ hope to keep the pup alive was to put it with a newly-arrived litter of pigs under the care of a very old sow, and as the diminutive canine had nothing of the Canaanite about him he soon waxed lusty and strong. Mr Coates proceeds without a smile on his face :— As the pup grew up they noticed that its hair was longer and more bristly than it should have been, and that the snout was much elongated and used by the pup to root up the ground after the fashion of his fosterbrethren. When he became full grown he ma3e an unholy mess in the garde6 by rooting up the beds with his proboscis, and soon became such an all-round nuisance that they had to swap him away for an animal with a- little lessoriginality about him.' Mr Coates says tbat if anyone disbelieves this let them write and ask the well-known Melbourne sport, Mr G E. Gedderaon, late of the Vic Bailway Department, in whose possession the porkish canine now is. Who's next? • * * * * 