A Millionaire's Bride. BY JOHN K. LEYS. COPYRIGHT. It Is unnecessary for ino to detail tlie cir cumstances under which I became confiden tial cleric and assistant to my old school fellow, Ludovlc Stoyue, solicitor. The fol lowing is nn account of a remarkable case which occupied us for some time— one of the most remnrbnble, I venture to think, tlint was ever brought to n solicitor's ofilce. , One morning, while Steyuo wub from home, n card was brought to me bearing the name, ALAN F. CORBETT. I knew that an American millionaire cnllcd Oorbett was then residing III Lnndou, und it occurred to me that this might he the same mrin. It turned out that I was right. "Show him in," said I; and the next mo ment a young man, not yet 30, with fair linlr, a pleasant but rather weak face, und a dis pirited air, entered the room. "When will Mr. Steyne be back?" wns the first thing he said. "To-nlglit or to-morrow morning," I re plied. "Perhaps you would rather wait and see him?" He hesitated, and I asked him to sit down. .- "Or, if yon prefer- to state your case to me, I will report' to lilui this evening," I added. "Perhaps tliat would be best," he said,, wearily, resting his head upon his hand, "1 feel as If I wanted to confide In -somebody right away. I nin sick of keeping the affair to myself. It weighs on my mind." Of course I told him that I wns entirely at his service, and he proceeded— "Perhaps you may have heard that I have a large pile of dollars. My father left about 10,000,000 dol., and most of them came to ine when lie died. I suppose that is the rea son the scoundrels have gone for me." "What scoundrels?" "That's just what I want to find out. Every Monday morning for the Inst six weeks I have received a threatening letter. They were all type written, posted -In Loudon. I hurtled them as soon as I got them— all hut the last— and tried to forget them. But I cau't get the thing out of lily mind. The fact is, it's getting on my nerves.". "You have the last or these letters with you?" "Here it Is. The rest were nil to. the same effect." He produced a letter, written on an ordi nary sheet of type writing -paper,-. from- his breast pocket, and banded it to me. ' It ran us follows:— Sir, — i beg to iuform you that a disaster, more awful nnd- heartrending than yon can easily. Imagine, is now about to fall on you. There is but one way by which the calamity :ean he averted." You must immediately re mit to-NewYork'th'e smn of oiie' hundred thousand dollars (£20,000), und place It to -the credit of. the necouut of Thomas. Sin clair,- at '.Sullivan's -Bank, In Nluety-seventh- Istreet. --This offer will remain open for 14 finys only. - If before the expiration of that time the money- is. not forwarded, -no power ion earth can prevent the terrible misfortune above predicted falling upon yoti; mid to the cud of your: duys yon will regret that you retimed to he warned lu time Your woll- wlsliciv A, Slmmonds. "But since nothing has happened In spite of your disregard of the previous warnings," said I, putting the letter carefully Into a drawer, "perhaps no bnrin Is really meant." "I wns given eight weeks to hnnd over the money in," answered- the young man gloomily, "then 'seven; 'then six. ' Now, you see, the time Is reduced to two." "Can you think of any special reason .why tlint period should be fixed?" , "Unfortuntoly -I onn. I nn to :be married In exactly two weeks' time." "AU!" ' : ' ' "Yes; I am engaged to - Miss Mnrcliniont, a -'daughter of the late General Sir Edward Marchmont, .and that brings me to another point tlint. may be -worth mentioning. Lady Mnrchmout lives at Luckiiow House, Wim bledon. It Is in a loucly situation; and Lady Mnrchmout, who- Is of rather a timid dis position, bus been alarmed by the report that doubtful looking ehnructcrs have been Keen hanging about -the neighborhood. She applied to the., police, and received n elvil note to any that there seemed to he no spo- clul cause for ulurui, hut that the local con stables hud been Instructed to keep uu eye oil the house, and warn all trumps and sus picious looking people oft the promises." This was all Air. Corliett liiul to tel me, and us there was no necessity for Immediate action, I told our new client that 1 would re peat his story 1o Mr. Kteyne as soou as he came buck, and arrange for another Inter view. Mr. Steyne returned that night, and I at once placed before lilin a precis of the facts I have here set down, along with the' threat ening letter. Stoyue read them 111 silence. "Send a wire to Mr. Oorbett asking lilm to cnll nt 10 to-morrow morning, " was all he said when he hiul perused them. At 10 next day Mr. Oorbett made his ap pearance, accompanied by Colonel Mareli- niont, an uncle of the hrlde elect. He was a tall, upright, fresh- colored nnui— n soldier every Inch of hliu, mid 1 guessed that he could he self-opluhiled mid olistluutc to u degree. "I mil nrrnlil, Mr. Oorbett," suld Steyne, plunging lit once Into the business, "tlint yours is by no menus an uncommon predica ment. Many attempts are made to black mail' wealthy men. And it seems to me that In these eases there uro only two courses open to I lie person attacked— pay up, or light the scoundrels to the death." "Fight tliem," cried the colonel, twisting his long while moustache. Corbel t looked as If lie were uot exactly lu a lighting humor. "It's not for myself tlmt I mind," lie be gan, nervously clearing his throat, "though, of course, I would uot know n moment's pence, thinking of what those fellows might have It in their heads to do to me. It's lCiully. I mean Miss Marchmont, 1'iii think ing of. Yon read Hint infernal police Inspec tor's letter?" "Yes," answered Steyne; "but l-enlly I I don't sec that Lady Mnrchmout 1ms any par ticular cause for alarm." "That's what I tell hot," put in the colonel. "But don't you think they may mean to strike nt me through Miss Marchmont?" pursued the young fellow, searching Steyne's inscrutable face with eager eyes. "They speak of my mnrriuge — no; but they mention fourteen ilnys. That Is what they mean. They know that I would part with every dollnr I possess rather than that Emily should come to harm." "Alun! I see what you are driving at!" shouted the colonel; "and I tell you you will forfeit every atom of respect I have for you If you give In to the demands of those ras cals. And let me tell you thls-.the chances nre that if they bleed you once they will bleed you ngnln, till they rench your bottom dollnr. Is It not so, Mr. Steyne?" Steyne gravely assented. "Then you agree with me that It Is best to defy thein— throw their outrageous letter Into the tire, and forget It?" "I don't say that exactly," said my chief, slowly. "I thiuk that every precaution should be taken to ensure your safety, nnd Miss M'urclimont's— though there seems to be no evidence that she Is specially aimed at. I fear those rogues mean business; nnd I will tell you why. I know this Sullivan, of New York, tlielr hanker, who is to act, prac tically, as their fence. He Is one of the greatest rognes nnliung. But tlie gnng who uro trying to hlnekmnll you must have capi tal, since he Is their cnsliler. Keep Indoors, and don't go out unattended, and let Miss Miirclunont do the same." "But we enn't keep up tlmt all our lives!" cried Corbott impatiently. "Don't you see tlint you nre condemning us to live almost like the Czar? Would It not be possible to lny some trap for those fellows, and catch them, and so get rid of tliem? I would give a thousand pounds this moment to feel sure that I needn't fear tliem nny more. If any thing were to hnppen to Miss Mnrchmout I should go itind. Can't something he done, Mr. Steyne?" "Not In the way yon menn. They would answer no advertisement, you mny he sure; and you sec tlie money Is to be sent to Ame rica. All you can do is to he ready for them In ense tliey try to carry out their threats, l'ou carry a revolver?" "I have done so lately. But I am not afraid for myself. How nre we to get Miss Marchmont to shut herself up as you sug gest? I haven't told her of these threaten ing letters, because slie Is so high spirited that she would merely laugh atthem: Lady .Mnrchmout, now " "My sister-in-law would die of fright, I do believe. If you were to tell her," put in the colonel. "I thlulc Miss Marchmont ought to know that you have been threatened," said Steyne. "If you like I will cull oil her, and try to Impress upon her my opinion tlint the tnen who wrote these letters nre not using mere empty threats. I'ei-hnps I could per suade her to take nt least some ordinary precautious." "Tluiuks— I wish yon would. But when we arc married we sliiill be no better off tliuu we tire now," said Corliett In it melan choly tone. "I wish to goodness they would attack 1110 nnd do their best to murder me. It would be such n relief to know that they had done their worst." He wrote a line ou Ills card to Introduce Steyne to his betrothed, mid then the mil lionaire and Ills friend departed. It so happened (lint my employer wns pre vented fram going to Wimbledon that after noon, and 1 was despatched In Ills stend. I found -Miss Marchmont and her sisters three ehnrinliig and sensible girls. Tlielr mother was'an Invalid, nnd wns for the most purt confined to her own room. The house stood ill a solitary part of tlio country; ana It wns not welt protected, the household con sisting of woman servants nnd n page hoy. I told .tlio three young ladies that. Mr. Oor bett had received a threatening letter— I did not say he had received six— and wns great ly, perhnpB unduly, alarmed, being under nn apprehension that danger threatened his bride; nnd I suggested that to ensure his pence of mind they should hire a man ser vant, and that In particular -she should never go out alone. Miss Emily fell In with my suggestions at once. I could see that she understood nnd appreciated her lover's anxiety on lier account, nnd that, like lilm, her thoughts were more In the future tlinu In the present— thnt she dreaded more the effects of a series of threats, kept up per haps for years upon lier betrothed, than any actual danger In the present. Our conversation did not Inst very long, nnd I -was going downstairs on my way out when I met, to my amazement, on the stairs, the lady from whom I lmd just parted, Emily Marchmont herself. For a moment n superstitious dread mastered me. I stood stock still, gazing nt the apparition — as It seemed to me — drawing slowly nearer. Then I saw my mistake. The girl was not Emily Marchmont. Close at hand the likeness wns not so striking, but nt the distance of n few feet It wns positively startling. The ghi's height, carriage, poise pnd shape of the head, and cast of 1 he features, seemed abso lutely identical with those of Miss March mont. Ere I reached the front door nn lden struck me. I turned on my heel and slowly went hack to the druwlngroom. "Pardon me," I said, on re-entering the room, "but I met just now on tlie stairs n girl who .hears a singular resemblance to you, Miss Emily." "Isn't Jt odd!" cried tlio youngest Miss MiU'chmoiit. "Everyone notices It." "But who Is it?" "Only, our inuhl, Forbes, "Wc onmo neross her oure when we wore staying at an hotel In Scarborough, mid engaged lier because of lier likeness to Emily, In order that we might get lier to play in some prlvnto tlicutilciilK we Juiil in view where tlie point of the play was a mistaken Identity. It succeeded splendidly. Everybody in the room -thought that Forbes wns Emily; and In the middle of lier acting the real'-Euillv entile in and confronted her. Tlie peo'pl'e stared as If they liud seen n ghost; and the applause was quite deafening." "Don't chatter so, Dorothy," snld her eldest sister; and she tallied on me a look u hleh seemed to ask mo for an explanation of my conduct lu returning. "It 1ms just occurred to me," said I, "that possibly you may he able to make use of tills accidental resemblance. Your groat wish (turning to Emily) "Is to do something wlilch would put a final stop to this annoyance Now it Is my belief, and Mr. Corbett's as well, that the rascals who wrote tlie threat ening letter meant io strike lilm, If they strike nt nil, through you. And by fnr the most likely plun for lliotu to adopt' would he for lliem to try to nbiluct you, and hold vou to ransom: Pray do not misunderstand nie " I lidded hastily, for a seared look ennic Into Miss Emily's face. "I do not for one moment suppose tlint they will make the nttnupt much less do I Imagine that they could suc ceed In carrying out any such crime. But If they have nay serious plans underlying tlielr threats, we may he pretty sure that tliey take tlie form of carrying you off by force or fraud, and holding von sora. They demand twenty tlioiis-inn now of Mr. Corbett. For graciously consent to leave lilui o ,i , " alone. But if they really succeed in hldh,'.' you away It would not be twenty but two hundred thousand they , mniid ns your ransom." "But, Mr. Fnrrar, nre such things posslhl in n country like ours?" asked the eh Bister. uutl!- "I hardly think the attempt wonlil ceed," siihl 1; "but it might Vtahfly made. One cannot he always on one's im-mt mid the police eaunot he everywhere some people seem to think they ought in he. Our aim Is tlint If the attempt Is ninh. to carry out these threats, the blackmailers should not get the money tliey are sche.n' ing for, but get caught and scut to nei I servitude." . 1 "Exactly! But how Is thnt to be managed Air, Fnrrar?" b ' "My suggestion Is this— tlint from now until the eve of the wedding Miss Emil- sliould he somewhere else— say, In London while her maid should be lent to some friend In need of n inald who lives a good w-iv off. That would he given out to the world —to servants, postmen, friends and aeonaln tancoB— everybody, in short. But all the time the liuild and the mistress would have changed places. The very eyes of the con splrators would aid In deceiving them if Ihe.v make any attempt nt all It will be against tlie maid, Forbes, and yuu, Hiss Emily will escape altogether. Nor need Forbes he under any apprehension as to lier safety. She has only to satisfy lior captors that she Is tlie girl Forbes, and not the rich prize they had hoped to gala, nnd they will he forced to release her, lor Hie simple reason that they must know thnt 110 one would pay n large sum to ransom lior And when she returns to us the maid will be able, if I am uot very much mistaken, to give us such Information ns will lead to tlm capture of the whole gang. The young ladles were delighted with this plan ; but the person whose consent wns really necessary was Forbes. She was sent for, and 1 began to explain matters by snylng tlint Mr. Corliett hiul received several tlircntentng letters. At this the young woman turned so pale, and looked so alarmed, tlmt I thought I might as well give up my scheme at once. She would never have courage, I thought, to carry the thing through. I went on with my ex planations, however, and took enre to men tion, hi conclusion, that I felt certain thnt Mr. Corbett would he willing to promise lier n very handsome present In the event of the plans succeeding. Upon this the young woinnu asked if she might have a Utile time to consider the matter; and this being agreed to, I took my leave. Sir. Corbett wns delighted with my scheme when I mentioned it to hhn. The sole polut he objected to was that he should only he able to see his sweetheart once or twice, It at all, before tlie wedding day, whereas he would lie forced to cull upon the sham Emily Murchnioiit every day, so tlint. If his move ments were watched— ns I had little doubt tliey were— the spies would he convinced beyond n doubt tlint Forbes wns lu reality the millionaire's hrlde. When I proposed my scheme to I.iulovlc Steyne lie was not enthusiastic about it. He thought it was too fantastic, smacked too much of the stage, to he practicable. However, he offered no very decided objec tion to It; and tlio maid consented to play tlie part assigned to her— after Corliett had promised to pay lior fifty, pounds If a linger was laid oil lier, mid two hundred pouuds it the conspirators were arrested. The details were left to the Misses Marcli mout, and tliey, iunnnged things n hundred times bettor than I could have done. Miss Mudeley, an old, governess of tlio Marelmiont girls, was taken Into the, secret; and she readily consented to take rooms lu Bays- water for herself and . Eliza Forbes, who passed ns Miss Emily Miu-climont. It was given out that Miss Emily had gone up to town to see after her .trousseau, It was also given out thnt Ellzn Forbes lmd gone to stay nt Miss Bclllughnm's to help to mend nnd clean some wonderful old lace which wns to form one of the marriage presents. This Miss Bellliiglinm wns a great aunt of the bride. She lived by herself In a small house near the Thames, not far from trie village of Thames WIckbnni— ns retired a place of concealment (seeing the boating sea- sou lind not beguu) as could possibly lmve been found. She had lint two servants-one n strong , minded, faithful creature, who had been with her for forty years, and who wns necessarily nuido n participator la the secret; the other, .a.rcd-eliookod country girl, Who had lately come to the house, and who never doubted for n moment thai ine line looking, dark haired girl who sat all day la 1 he mistress's room wns lCUzn Forbes, tne Misses MiiTehmoiit's maid. Lady Match- mont's own servants were kept In the daiK. They simply knew thnt Miss Enilly nml Forbes were from home— they supposed that tliey were both of them In London. . Twice n week Miss Bclllnghaai s chlc y servant walked over to Thames W chho u with Emily Marchmont, In time to catch the early morning train. The train took - Enilly direct to Wimbledon; anil alighted and took a cab home. ri3bl'('i for her mother's sake, hut the ill most ear and caution were observed, both in g K and returning. She wore, of (;nyrs,„ on befitting Iter supposed station In life. - « the other hand, the sham Emily Mnrclmiont came home frequently, and nlwiijs li open day. A little Inquiry f,1?""l1'.iatjiuk tradesmen and neighbors habitually her for her mistress. In a word.llet5 migration was thoroughly and artistically, carried out. , , i.» When one of the two weeks hail gone Corbett cniue to see us again. He liau r eolved another anonymous leltci that ing. It wns rather different fronillicoU'«3 In that the writer assumed an a r of re temptuous Insolence, ns of n man a nlreudy master of the situation. If ' j, bctt chose to remit twenty thoiisnnil lio"' by cubic to New York within the lie. , . days, the money would fit III he n''c and no further claim would be If. uot, lot Mr. Corbett look- out fo ' lilm-' He could not sny that he had not been fal 7 warned,. And more to tlie so"1,0 cf. ,' ,i|(i "The "Impudent blneklegs. w'® ' young American, as he walked In a t. excltemcnt up and down my elib f s Ing room. "Let tliem loo k . aut or JH Helves, Unit's, all. 1 lutve. this nit me > and ulglit'-'—hp showed us the h in "D revolver sticking out of Ills '.n(L t I've engnged'it giant of a fellow to g with inc. They .can't touch me; try any gntnoH on with Mlss. .v0„«t they'll burn tlielr flugcra nlcily> th'lhave no doubt tliey will, I returned, seeing, that iny chief " n ' lnte!ii. In thought. "Miss Forbes seems gent nnd spirited girl, nnd she I'"- flnEcr Instructed. If tliey presume to In -a upon lier, they wlil find that J caught n Tnrtar." - ' „nd Three days later Corhcttreamc nk«l tills time lie was in n state of uirv tiou for which I could not necouut. rrToat Unit that afternoon, In pnBSlng I „J the Strand, a big, broad shouldered, t haired man bad thrust himself In Cor- wi'sivny, laughed impudently In bis «.„1 missed on. The incident W03 noth- ff hi Itself; but I could see that the young '"C " as upset by It. He. was convinced rant the rod haired mau was one of Ills hid den enemies, already gloating over bis vie- Jim- and indeed It was a trying situation fir a man to he In. He believed that his Z, were only waiting an opportunity to inrlae upon him. and yet he could not take .single step towards meeting tbem, or ward ing off the attack. It was on the evening of the following dny, Just three days before the wedding— a dull, cold, misty night, more lite November than March. About half-past seven at night Mr. Corbctt came. to Brussels- square, his face radiant, beaming over with sntlsfnctlon. "We've got them I" he cried. "That Miss Forbes Is gone! I've a telegram here from Miss Mndeley. Those rascals must have nabbed her on her way home to-night. I wonder how tbey managed It! I suppose she made no resistance. Hal bal Won't they bo mad when they Sod out. their mistake? I think I sec tbelr faces when she snys. 'March moot? That Is not my name. I am Miss Forbes. Miss Mnrchmont Is my mis tress.' Ha, ha, ha! I say, Mr. Farrar, do you think we shall be able to put salt on their talis, eh? Can't I see Stcyne? When will be bo In?" I was In the act of answering him when 1 heard Steyae's latch key In the street door. He canic In; but' half a minute later I heard the door bang behind, blm. Ho bad gone out again. Corbott run to -shout after blm, but he was too late. Blglit, nine, ten- o'clock struck, and my chief did not return; and still the young American waited, as patient ly as ho could. At Inst, about half-past ten, Stcyne came In. I saw at once by bis face that something had happened. When his eyes fell on Cor bctt be slopped short, and a look of grave pity came Into tils face. Then be walked up to the young man and took his band. "Mr. Corbott," he said, "I am about to pat your manhood to the test. A terrible thing has happened." Corliett became white to the lips, and yet I sow hlni make an effort to pull himself together. Outwardly he was calm, and he looked Stcyne straight In the eye. "She Is gone!" said the young man hoarsely, and I now saw that he was shak ing from head to foot. Steyne nodded gravely. Corbctt made a rush for the door, but the older man was the stronger of the two, and easily hold liim back. "What would you do?" said Steyne. "The last train for Thames Wlckbam has gone, and If you walk or drive you will only fati gue yourself to no purpose. Everything thnl man can do, all tbnt the organised police of the country, bncked by your enormous wealth can do, has been done, or is being done at this moment. Tnke my advice: try to remember that It Is not the policy of the kidnappers to Injure Miss Marehmont in any way. She will he restored to you very sooii, I am certain. Go home and try to get some sleep, and If yon want to see with yotir own (job what Is being done, eomo to the Hol- horn Town Hall at eight o'clock to-morrow morning." Obeying a look from my chief. I put on mv hat and went home wltli Mr. Corbett. He wan very quiet, and leant on my arm ns If he had been recovering from a fevor. Every now and then a savage look would coino Into Ids face, and bis lingers, I could bcc, were grasping tho handle of bis revolver. Once or twice a strong shudder passed through him, as I have seen it with men who wore sickening for some disease. "I hail no doubts about this plan from the first," said Sleyue to me, ns he walked over lo the Ilolhorn Town Hall next morning; "and I ought to have seen tho significance of Ihe girl Forties changing color when you first tolil lior of the threatening letters. That was from no more feeling of tinililitv. 1 have no doubt that she was In the plot from tho first; and when you hegnn to Speak to her or tho threatening letters she thought she hail been found out." "Ilnve yon nny Idea how Miss Marehmont was spirited away?" I ventured to ask. "I shall huow In a few minutes," was the reply. The largo room Into which we went was fined with men, employes most of them of various detective offices.. Each one had had a map anil a set pf priiiled Instructions given .Mm— Steyne had provided for all this dur ing bls llirce hours' absence the night he- fore. Suddenly Stcync's clear voice rang through the room. "Now, tails," be cried, "you hnvc your work before you. The lady we are seeking Wimbledon for Thames Wlckbntn at i"SI last nlglit. I find tlint the return linif orn first class ticket from Thames Wleklinm wns given up at Hauwortb, the station Just before; and 1 think It likely, therefore, that he left the train there and wns Induced to enter n earrlnge— a fly ns they call It— ubleh met the train. We wnnt to llnd tlint fly. Understand, there Is a gratuity of £5 per innn for the Job. One hundred pounds will he paid for any news of the lady after he left Wimbledon, and £1000 if such Infor mation lends lo onr finding her." _ A subdued cheer followed these words. Corbel t, who had been standing beside the speaker, turned his pnle, haggard face to "ley""' and caught him by the arm. "See here," he whispered. "This came by thls morning's post." It was another type written letter. 'The blow has fallen. Fifty thousand Pounds, or securities to that amount, must he deposited In Sullivan's Iinnk, ns before Plained. When that Is done. Miss M. will he restored to her frlcDds unharmed. M the money (or securities) Is not deposited, he will never bo seen again alive.' Bo ran tills villainous letter. I must send it," said Corbctt, his voice hoarse with emotion. "Give mo two days," cried Steyne. "Thlnlt What you are doing If you yield to these wen s demands. Tlioy will at once tell their companions, and other rich men's wives or "lighters will be abducted. The crime Will Prctul, ntiil who can tell what the conse quences niny be? No barm will conio to' wiss Marehmont to-day. That Is certain, n, J' V10 '"Wny. Every Inn, every village ami farm house, within driving distance of """worth will bo visited to-dny. Every rurnl policeman will be questioned. News sure to come In before the evening. If not, you ii,„y advertise In the morning papers win y!>" nrc Willing to come to terms. That fl'ee me a second day.. Two days are n» 1 ask." The American turned awny with a groan. Bteyne drew me aside. ' J hi- ,r h,'nv«"'s sake," ho wblspcred, "take J down to that place and keep him going aoout questioning folks. He will go mad , no' allowed to think he Is doing something." Aflreary day "tat wns for nil of us. 1 wns „ , afterwards thnt mniiy clues were re- j They were promptly examined 'by amcfl men, wbomStcyne-badretnlnedfor lcas.PUrPOa: 0n0 1,11(1 011 turned out worth- On the afternoon of the second dny as vRlnco a<lH Trc drlvlng fr"m village to questioning everybody that eaiue In our way, Steyne Joined us. There was a uXsS.CXCltCmeUt abUt hlm thnt 1 »r«Pn ' y?" 'h'"8'" ' suggested, "thnt MIbs the river?" m"y Uc,!n culrled oir down rwiwerc,t,,cn drlv,ns slowly along a road that lay close to the north bank of the Stream which spread its sullen length before dog enr ynC WDS walklDg by tbe side of our "No," said my chief, sharply. "There are locks every few miles. All I he lock-keepers have been questioned. No lady wont down In an open boat, nor bns nny launch with a Passed down yesterday, or the night iw»!?y CllIot hndl,ocn spenklug, I noticed that his eyes rested on a house- boat that lay moored near the opposite bank, under the shelter of a group of willows. I'Wbose Is thnt house boat?" ho asked. It belongs to some city man," said Cor bett, Impatiently, "t don't think anyone tins been near It since last season." We went on a few paces. Then Steyne sat down by the shle of tlic ronil, and wrote a note on a leaf torn from his pocketbook. llils he put Into an envelope, which he scaled. "Please drlyo to Wnybrldge as fast ns yon can, he snld to Corbett. "and give this note to the police superintendent there. You may Jump down, Fnrriir. j I; may wnnt ydu." .In less than a minute, the dogcart-had dis appeared. Steyne and I went on till a clump of bushes hid the river from us. "Farrar," ho said, In an excited whisper, "unless my eyes are not what they were, I saw a curtain move on board that house boat! I.et us stay hero and watcli It. I have sent for n boat.' It will bo horo by dusk." Wo sat down and waited, taking turns to watch the house-boat. So the hours passed till nightfall. The shndows wore deepening when we licnrd the sound of onrs; presently a boat drew la to tho bank. Two men were rowing. Corbctt and two policemen were la the stern sbccts. We stepped in, and pulled away for tbc houseboat. Before we reached It we beard a noise on board, and wo could Just make out, In the darkness, a small boat with tbrec men In ber, creeping out from between the house boat and the liver bank. "Give way, men!" cried Corbctt. "Curse the fools! Why -there Is only one pair of oars!" The small boat, with Its light freight, rapidly forged ahead. There was a sharp bend In the river Just there; In another minute the bont would be out of sight. Suddenly a denfenlog scream from n steam whistle hurst on our ears. A steant launch came rushing down stream and crashed Into the small boat. Wo beard cries from the water, but be fore we could reach tbc spot they bad censed. Next day the three bodies were re covered. One of them Corbett recognised as tlic big, red-haired man who bad laughed in his face on the street. In a tiny bedroom on board the liouse- liont we found Miss Marehmont, somewhat dazed from a dose of oplutn which (wc sup posed) had been given her In her tea, but otherwise perfectly well. Willi her, to onr nstnnlslinient, wns Kllzn Forbes! The girl wns prepared to go to prison: Imt she had made herself so useful to Emily Marehmont during her detention on the houseboat tlint the lady positively refused to allow her to he prosecuted. Miss Mnrchmont had been Induced to leave (lie train at Ilnnworth by a false telegram which purported to eomo from .Miss Belling- linin, saying that suspicious persons had bocu hanging about tlic Thames Wickliam station, and thnt she had better, therefore, alight at Hnnworlh, and drive home. The lly had been procured beforehand, and was driven by one of the conspirators. It stop ped opposite the bouse boat, whore the other two scoundrels were walling for It. It was a lonely part of the country, and Miss Mnrchmont was without much difficulty forced Into a boat and taken to the house boat, where Forbes wns waiting to receive her. Two months later. Miss Mnrelnnnnt, who had quite recovered from the shock of her abduction, been in o Mrs. Allan Corbctt; The End. 