!' AVOCA. Saturdav. The "ghost;" reported in this district is still goingmbout, but efforts to get a shot at him have proved futile. Latterly lie lias not annroachcd too close to travellers. , In.illL 7P years of age, has been sent to gaol as if Vagrant by tho Elmhurst bench, the poor old' fellow has resided at Elm hurst foDheurly 30 years, and will now prob ably endihjs dhys. in gaol. Mr. S'liel Lambert, a fortunate digger hero, has been left £1800 by an uncle in Lngland! _ BALLARAT, Sunday. Br-. K. iJthlludson one of the oldest medi cal pactilnoners, of- Ballarat, died this morn ing from heart disease. The deceased gentle man, who liad hot been in good Ileal tli for a long while past, was 04 years of age. He whs prominently connected for many years with the Balluhit ' '.Banlsing Company, the Uallarat Giis Company, and was the owner ol a large 'amount of- city property. He, however, lost heavily; recently in connee- n Hf" station' properties in other colon ies, ihc deceased; 'who was a native of Manchester; 'was a! -widower without family. George . l'unshori, ii! butcher, carrying on business in SeymouEstieet, Ballarat North, ''/S yesterday at". the cilv cuiul fined £i, with £1 Is. costs,; for'-neglecting to keep his premises in a eleatily condition. It was shown that in an' 'ipartment adjoining the small goods room, '''about 4 cwt. of meat and tat was discovered iri'a decomposing condi tion, emitting a 'terrible 'stench and ulive with maggots. . i- i-. ,,A man aged ,60 years,-'. named Pierce pnlsh dropped dead ' last < nicrlit at the S?t ' of his house in Clyde-street, Ballarat north, it is supposed from 'Heart disease. -r „ BENDIGO, Saturday. Mr, Tillett: last; night', addressed a moderately attended and orderly meeting at the. masonic hall on Environment and bhamctcr. .- William Jane was- committed for trial yesterday on a charge of perjury, alleged to nave been committed while giving evidence when lie was charged wiln assaulting a boy on 14th January.-- . BLOOMFJELD, Sunday. A very fine property. Southerlcigh, con taining 271. acres, owned by. Mr.. E. IT. Aus tin, M.L.A., has changed hands at £12 per acre cash, the purchaser being Mr. G. Exell, Albert Park, late; Glenloth. ; _ . CAMPERDOWN, Sunday. Joseph Gellie, proprietor of the Dnriing- ton coach, and John Dwyer, driver, were brought before Mr. Patterson, P.M., yester day, fog working n horse '.with sore slioul- a Gellie was .fined £1, and 15s. costs, and Dwyer 10s. afiil 15s. costs. , CARAMUT, Saturday. A large stac.k of hay, together with frame n,0 'b nnd roofing of' a house, the- property ol Mr. E.-R. Dc Little; omOaramul Estate, tookfireat 1.30 a.m. yesterday, and was Roon SPfroyed. An extensive stable und sheds, I, teet away, were saved only by the deter- sniied efforts of the station hands. Al- though the Btock was insured,- Mr. Do ill.jittlc's loss is serious. . Unusual precau- itions had been taken to secure the safety of .this liny. The circumstances .of its igni- ' tion point to incendiarism. . ii Rain is urgently needed in the locality. Unless a good downpour takes place soon .there will lie much mortality amongst'stock in the coming winter. Artificial feeding of stock lias been extensively resorted to. Mus- ton's Creek, which ceased running early in 'December Inst, is now running again owing to the recent bursting out of springs in its bed. CASTLEMAINE, Saturday. A lire broke out last night at the resi dence of -Mr. Spieer, Nortli Castlcraaine, but it was quickly extinguished. The properly was insured. This is the third fire that has occurred here within a few weeks in a radius of a few hundred yards. Mr. J. II. Wilson, one of the oldest com mercial travellers in the colony, last night fell down in a fit; and burst u blood vessel, lie is in a precarious condition! Watkin Jones, driver of a storekeeper's van, was seriously injured on Thursday in crossing a bridge at Yandoit, Mount Frank lin shire. A defective plunk caused one of the front wheels to sink through, throwing tho driver out between the horses. CLUNKS, Saturday. For the scat in the borough council vacant through the death of Cr. W. T. 'Pitcher, Mr. J. F. Phillips (ex mayor) and Nil'. J. Gribbin were candidates. The polling was: — Phil lips, 69; Gribbin, 62. COBDEN, Saturdav. Ileytesbury shire. council has received 25 applications for wire netting, and has de cided to apply to the Government for a loan of £555 therefor. A sample of coal discovered by Mr. Tho mas Harding, while sinking n well at Tilii- boon, 1ms been forwarded to the Govern ment Analyst for report. COLAC, Saturday. Joseph Ring Guested, better known as "Tho Hermit,"', died in the Colae Hospital yesterday afternoon. He lived alone in a cave at Blanket Bay for many yearn. The deceased must have been 70 years of age. He was horn at Santanto. Africa. A lire occurred on Mr. Holland's Deep Dene Estate, near Birrcgurra, on Wednes day. The men were engaged burning a fire break, and were watching it oil the east, side when the wind suddenly veered round to the north and blew the fire right down to the homestead. The efforts of tho men were powerless to stop the llnmcs, and the house was only saved with difficulty. 1100 acres of grass were consumed. CltESWICK, Sunday. The Crcswiek shire council is enforcing the provisions of the Width of Tires Act.' At the last local court, Mr. Johns, P.M., fined a dozen waggoners and wood carters Is., with 10s. Gd. costs, each. DUNOLLY. Sunday. Willi a view to improving the sanitary arrangements of the town, the borough council has decided to make full inquiries as to the double pan system for the dis posal of night soil. ECHUCA, Saturday. The committee of the Consumptive Home has received an offer from a gentleman who promises, if the 'committee can raise £150, to donate £100, and if £250 will probably' give £250. The following stock entered Victoria from Now South Wales, via Eelmca, on Saturday: — 228 sheep, W. Mathews, Mo- ioga, owner; 100 sheep, executors of the late W. Ii. Knight, Caloohi, owner, both consigned to Hutton and Co., Newmarket; 2 cattle,. G. Pitty, Wiunhoota, owner, con signed to Sliackcll, White and Co!; nnd 1 horse, IV. M'Kindlay, Wnmbootn, owner, consigned to W. R. M'Kindlay, Mia Mia. Yesterday 5720 carcases of Irozen mutton from the Riverina Freezing Works. Denili- quin, passed through for Port Melbourne, lor shipment to England. Oil account of the scarcity of suitable sheep, the works liavo to shut down. The following stock entered Victoria from New South Wales, via Ecliuca, yesterday: — 32 cattle, M. J. Weidon, Wnmbootn, owner, consigned to Pearson, ltowe, Smith and Co., Echucn; 4 cattle, M'Laren, Moamn, owner, consigned to M'Laiighlin and M'Laren, Kchilca; nnd 5 sheep, G. Theo bald, Moamn, owner, consigned to self; and 1 cow, W. 13. Davies, Moamn, owner, con signed to self. ELMORE, Saturday. A large number of farmers assembled on Mr. D. Mitchell's estate, Colbinnbbin, oil Wednesday to witness a trial of the Spald- iiig-Uobbins disc plough, and were highly pleased with the work they saw. The ploughs were tried oil stubble land and new ground. G1SBORNE, Saturday. Jas. Stewart was charged here on Thurs day with stealing two horses belonging to Mr. M'Donald, of Darraweit Guini, and was remanded to Kilmore oil the 31st inst. For illegally using John Ryan's horse lie was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment, ' KERANQ, Saturday. A farewell banquet was given oil Thurs day to Mr. G. Adams, J.F., who is making a trip to England. The chair was taken bv Mr. J. II. M'Cnll, M.T/.A. ! KOONDROOK, Saturday;' ' In pursuance of resolutions passed at a meeting of the Koondrook Bridge' League on Saturday last, surveys' and soundings at the proposed site for the bridge over the Mill'-, ray. hero were made by ail authorised sur veyor yesterday, with the result that no roof wa-Sjfound to exist, as had been reported to the Minister of Public Works at .Sydney; and it was further ascertained that the river maintains ail almost equal depth from hank to hank, the soundings giving from 25 to 30 icet below summer level. KOROIT, Saturday. Half of the children attending the local State school are suffering from measles, and ; one of the teachers is also attacked by the | disease. LILLYDALE, Saturday. A magisterial inquiry into the death of Thomas Dixon, found dead oil Thursday with n gunshot wound in his hend, was. held yesterday. Ml'. D. Kay, J.P., found that de ceased died from wounds sclf-inilieted, but whether accidentally or not did not appear. The fiats ill the Launching Place district have yielded a remarkable quantity of pota toes this year. They are carted to Lillydale. for consignment by rail to Melbourne. Cul tivation would largely expand were the dis trict served with a railway. The possibili ties of better road and raff facilities in the Upper Yarra have caused a steady inquiry for land. A snle of gifts, in aid of the Methodist Church, opened on Friday by Cr. W. H. Smith, J.P., has resulted very satisfac torily. For the purpose of beautifying the town, n fernery is to lie erected in Main-street. A design lias been prepared by Mr. Guilfoyle, curator of the Melbourne Botanic Gar- ffiiiH. , . , , Grape picking is now being pushed on throughout the district, giving employment to a largo number of men. Although birds have been troublesome and the weather ab: normally dry, the yield will compare favor ably with those of previous years. MALDON. Saturday. A riimor was circulated (Turing the week that. two detectives were at the South Ger man mine watching the interests of the company, who were said to he losing gold. Mr. W.'B. Gray, elmiiman of directors, and Air. J. H. Rule, legal manager, state that the story about detectives being on the liiiue is absolutely untrue. „ , MALMS BURY, Sunday. . AL-. John M'Lean died on Friday at his residence, "Campaspe," near Mnlnisbitry, at the advanced ago of 87 years. Deceased, who was a colonist of 45 years, leaves one son and six daughters. MARYBOROUGH, Shturdny. At a meeting of the free library commit tee last night, Mr. G. A. Moss wns re- elected as president. The Rev. J. G. Sterling and Mr. B. J. Nichols were re- elected vice-presi dent and treasurer respectively. MELTON, Sunday. There is something in the nature of a water famine here. The weir which sup plies the Uiwnship has but 3 feet of water, and as people come there for water for miles round, that supply, if the present diy weather continues, will soon be exhausted. Some years ago a bore was put down near the township, nnd water wns struck at a deptii of about 75 feet. A meeting of the residents was held in the shire hall last evening, when a deputation wns appointed to wait on the Minister of Lands on Monday to procure permission to test the bore, with a view to having a pump placed over it. MURTOA, Sunday. It is estimated that the cost of repairing the district grain sheds, which were dam aged by the cyclone, will he as follows: — Coromliv, £270; Minyip, £400; Nullan, £30; Sheep Hills, £30: Wnrrncknnbeal, £25; and Watehem, £245: total, £1000, NKWSTEAD, Snturdny. Messrs. Zoxclls and Adams hnve sold the farm of Stewart Bros, Stinngways. consist ing of 130 acres, chiefly river flats land, for £10 15s. per acre. NUMURKAH, Saturday. Mr. W. G. M'Kinney, engaged in journal istic pursuits here for the laBt 12 years, was tendered a farewell on Thursday night on leaving for Wnrmcknnbenl, where he lias purchased a share in thd "Echo." _ PAKENHAM, Sunday. In the local court on Snturdny, Robert Gray, of Howick, grazier, wns chnrged with having set fire to scrub on his property, on or nhout the 13th February. The witnesses for Bin nrnspcution proved that, a large fire burst out in defendant's paddock on the afternoon of the 13tli Februnry, that it be came unmanageable, spread very rapidly and ignited a corner of one of the witness s nnddocks. They failed, however, to prove liow the fire started on the 13th. Tlie de fendant admitted having lit a fire m his paddock. The bench, after a brief consulta tion, dismissed the information. QUEENSCL1FF, Sunday. The Geelong. battery ot the Western dis trict brigade arrived at Oueenscliff on Satur day, and; were inspeoted by Sir Charles' Hol- led Smith, and drilled on the guns of the fort, about 50 recruits, who have joined within the past 12 months, being put through battalion drill ini the reserve. In the morniilg Colonel Bingham deli vered a lecture in the gymnasium to the officers and men of the V.l'.A on Coastal Defence. The commnndant staff left Queens- cliff by the evening train. ROMSEY, Saturday. The Snalding- Robbins rotary disc plough answered a very satisfactory trial at Roin- sey oil Tuesday, in the presence of a large gathering of farmers, who . were unani mously of opinion that this implement would soon conie into universal favor, and com pletely displace the mould hoard ploughs at present in use. Several severe frosts have occurred, doing serious injury to the potato crops. wlneP were none too promising before. The yield is certain to be a poor one, although the potatoes will be of excellent quality. The congregation of St. Paul's Church has presented Mrs. H. C. White with a pair of silver entree dishes, as a mark of apprecia tion of her services as honorary organist. ST. AltNAUD. Saturday; A trial of seed drills and fertilisers, under the nuspiees of the local airrieultnrsl society, was held at Mr. II. O'Donohiie's farm, Sutherland, on Thursday: The machines ex hibited were the Mnssey-Harris, Farmers' Favorite, Buckeye and Champion. No prizes were offered, nnd consequently none were judged, the opportunity being given for farmers to make their own choice. The trial passed oil very satisfactorily. " ST A WELL, Sunday. Miss Rolleslon, wbo hiis resigned her posi tion as matron of the Stawell Hospital and Benevolent Asylum, to take up duties at the Eye and Ear Hospital, Melbourne, wns the recipient of a handsome testimonial in The' form of an illuminated address, which was presented to her by the president (Mr. 11. L. Mitchell on Friday at the Council- chambers, town hall, a number of represen tative townspeople being present. The tes timonial is handsomely mounted and trained in oak. TALLANCATTA, Saturday. At Bethanga police court on Thursday, 17 appeals were listed against voting in To- wong shire. The bench held that ail the appeals were irregular, and all the cases were struck but. TARNAGULLA, Sunday. A strong feeling exists here re the case of the man Underwood, who was yesterday incarcerated in the Maryborough" Gaol for trespassing on 'the Bendigo Consols lease. -A report of the case lias been forwarded to the Minister of Mines, and a petition is being prepared for presentation to the Attorney- General, praying for Underwood's release and the remission of tlie costs and fines im- posed. TATURA, Sunday. A magisterial inquiry wns held yesterday on the body of Miss Charlotte 'Mnskell, who wns drowned on the previous day in a dam, nnd a verdict of accidental death was re corded. At tlie annual meeting of the Tntura Mechanics' Institute, office hearers were elected as follow: — President, ,T. A. Carey; vice-president, D. Power; treasurer, G. T. Brooke. TEMPLESTOWE, Sunday. Mr. Robert Hunter, an old colonist of 50 years' standing, met his death on tlie 23rd inst. in peculiarly painful circumstances. He was making a brave attempt, single handed, to keep in check a lire which seemed likely to devastate his property, near Warrniidytc, when lie was overcome liy heat nnd exhaustion. His body was found near tlie fire on tlie following day by a search party. Dr. Phillips, who held a post mor tem examination, stated tlint death had re sulted from syncope. TUNGAMAH, Saturday. The members of the local fire brigade, who were successful in winning the alarm and rush competitions nt the recent fire brigades' demonstration held at Wnrmamhool, were entertained by the residents of Tungamah at a social in tlie mechanics' hall on Thurs day evening. The trophy won by the team, a silver. hot water kettle, was presented to Captain Farr by Mr. Fell, J.P. YEA, Sunday. The cheap excursion train which ran through to Yea, Aloxandra-roa'd and Mans field oil Friday, returned yesterday with a large number of passengers for the city— a slight increase on the number travelling last year by tho same excursion. 