AUSTRALIA'S FIRST GOVERNOR. DOES HIS GHOST WALK? Mr. James Bonwick's persevering re- searches (observes our London correspond- dent) have settled many an interesting point respecting the old worthies who were concerned in laying the foundations of Aus- tralian history. His latest discoveries re- late to the first three Governors of New South Wales. For many years he has tried to ascertain where Governor Phillip, the founder of the colony, was buried, but was always baffled until quite recently. Governor Phillip had two seats in Hampshire, and the churchyards in the vicinity were care- fully searched, but in vain. At length Bath was suggested as a likely spot, and inquiries detected that he died there on August 31, 1814, at the age of 76, at 19 Bennett-street, but the most careful inquiries failed to re- veal where he was interred. At last Mayor Simpson, the Mayor of Bath, suggested that the churchwardens of all the churches in the vicinity of Bath should be communi- cated with, and this expedient soon brought a satisfactory response from General Den- son, living at Bathampton, a village about four miles from Bath. He wrote that there was a slab in the local church in memory of Admiral Phillip and his wife, both of whom were buried inside the church porch. Mr. Bonwick went down, and was driven to Bathampton by Major Simpson, who evinced much interest in the discovery, and who has not only determined to have a commemorative slab placed on the house where Governor Phillip died, but would be glad to have a more permanent and promi- nent memorial to the first Governor of Aus- tralia erected in Bath if the Australian Go- vernments or public cared to provide it. There is nothing on the slab in Bathamp- ton Church to indicate that the deceased admiral had any connection with Australia. Mr. Bonwick went over the house in Ben- nett-street, and saw the room where the Admiral expired. He also heard from a lady, who has occupied the house for 70 years, that there is a tradition that the Ad- miral haunts the house. He first appeared, so runs the story, to a servant-girl at the top of the house, with all the usual con- comitants attending such visitations. She fled in terror to her mistress so soon as the Admiral in Blue vanished, and later on, when shown some pictures, identified that of Admiral Phillip as the ghostly original. Successive generations of servant-girls have seen the uneasy spirit, and heard the noises by which it manifests its approach, but none of the other occupants of the house appear to have confessed to knowledge at first sight. Major Simpson has promised to send the mayor of Sydney a photograph of the church in which Governor Phillip is buried. Mr. Bonwick has ascertained that Governor Hunter is buried in the church- yard of Old Hackney Church, and that Go- vernor King is interred in the churchyard of a church at Brixton, and has a slab erected to his memory. The Rev. L. J. Fish, the vicar of Bathampton Vicarage, Bath, has, through a letter in "The Times," appealed to the colonists of New South Wales to worthily mark the resting- place of Governor Phillip, the "Father of Aus- tralia," and a maker of Great Britain. 