r THE HAUNTED MOUNTAINS; OR COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. A ROMANCE OF THE WEST, By COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, " Author of the Mysterious Man in Blue." CHAPTER XL.— ANOTHER WEIRD I MESSAGE. The colonel and Ethel both asked j Lieutenant Emory numerous questions about his .mission, hoping to draw out something that he had overlooked or for gotten to tell. He told them, in answering these ques tions, that the men knew nothing what ever about Braxton or his past One of the men was a Frenchman, and the young man had freqeuently talked with his master in that language, while upon one occasion he had talked Spanish fluently with a man who stopped a day or two at the ranch. He sung well and played the guitar, the men said, while often to amuse them he performed the most astonishing feats of slight-of-hand, ana possessed powers of hypnotism as well; he was also a superior ventriloquist. "I think the man lias been an actor and a juggler, sir, from all accounts, though he is certainly very accomplish- ' ed.for the men showed me some charcoal sketches he had made of them, and they were perfect. The more I heard of him the more of a mystery I considered him; for I saw odds and ends picked up in foreign lands, photographs he had taken himself, and pencil sketches of scenes abroad and in Mexico. Why such a man was willing to bury himself in a frontier home I could not understand. He was a dead shot, the men said, with rifle and revolver, had a pair of foils in his cabin, and handled them superbly, appeared to have money, and could ride a horse and throw a lasso better than any man they had ever seen. He had been known to risk his life to save an outlaw from a mob, the crowd not being sure they had the right man. 'He has but one life, and if you take it you cannot return it; so he shall have the benefit of the doubt,' he had boldly said to the mob, and told the man to mount his horse and ride away while he held back the crowd. "It was found out afterwards the man was Captain Lawless, the outlaw chief; and not listening to reason, some of the men proposed to hang Braxton as the partner of the road-agent. But he warned them off, and when they would not heed him. he killed three of the gang, the others taking to their heels. Upon one occasion, his cowboys told me, he had found a wounded Indian chief on the trail. He had put him on his horse and brought kim to his ranch and ten derly cared for him. Some of tire miners heard the chief was there, and came to take him out and liana him. hut Beau Braxton, as they call him, faced the i crowd, and told them that they must first kill him before they did Iris Indian guest. One of the men— a noted despe rado—offered to fight a duel for the In dian, and this was forced upon Brax ton; and he killed the feilow before the other could draw his weapon, so rapid are his movements. Why, colonel, the men talked to me until long after mid- | night about the young ranch-owner, and j in their eyes he is certainly a hero, i while the setilers all have a good word j for him, as he is ever generous to those . in need." Both the colonc-1 and Etlml were much ; interested in all they heard of the stiange young ranchman, and when the lieuten ant left they talked over what had been told them, the colonel saying at last: " Now, Ethel, what do you think — is Beau Braxton the ghost, or not?" "1 confess I do not know, uncle. Per haps if he again turns up we will be able to discover. But can nothing be done for Lieutenant Seaford and Scout Cody, sir?" "Alas! I fear nothing. Ethel: for what can we do? We have no Indian braves as prisoners whom we can exchange for them, and nothing could buy their freedom; for the red-skins would rather have Cody's scalp than the scalps of a regiment of soldiers. I feel that my hands are tied. We can only wait to see what .will be done by the Indians with their unfortunate prisoners. But, see, we are going to have another snow storm." And the colonel was right, for as night came on the snow began to fall, and when the morning dawned it lay a foot ! deep upon the ground. But there was a surprise for the sen tinel again at the main gate, as there was a trail to and from it in the snow. Upon the gate was an envelope, fas tened with a pin, and it was addressed to Colonel Ferris. Quickly it was carried to the colonel, who opened it in haste as he recognised his former weird correspondent's writ ing. and read: "The three scouts have been put to death by the Indians. Lieutenant Sea- ford and Colonel Cody yet alive. Keep constantly on the alert. "THE GHOST OF THE HAUNTED FORT." There was no more, and it was written in the same feminine hand as before. That was all. CHAPTER XLI.— HEMMED IN. When Colonel Cody rode away from his band of men, accompanied by Lieu tenant Seaford and half a dozen scouts, his motive was an excellent one. The Indians had divided their forces there, taking two different trails to the mountains, through canyons and valleys that would bring them together again sqme twenty miles further on. The chief of scouts thought that he saw a trap In this, and he was right. He concluded that the main force, which he had told Nick Norcross to fol low with the band of scouts, had taken with thern the dead and wounded braves, while picked warriors, several hundred in number, bad gone by 'the canyon he intended to follow on through. There could be but one motive in doing this in Cody's mind, and that was their having decided to make a feint of going that way, and, when tne pursuing party had proceeded on after the main force, to return, fall in behind them, in turn be come pursuers, and catch the scouts— who they had doubtless discovered were not in large force — between two fires. It was a clever plan to strike a blow of revenge while retreating, and it was j just what the cunning chief, Red Light ning, had done. So Cody, the lieutenant, and the half- dozen scouts pressed on after the smaller force of red-skins. Cody himself took the lead, and his searching eyes took in any signs they came upon. The canyons, through which the wind had swept in hurricanes, were devoid of snow, it having been blown through it, and the soil was so rocky just at such places that even the large number of In dian ponies passing along bad left no trail. It was just this circumstance which led to disaster, for, coming to where the trail was plainly marked again, Cody had continued on more rapidly, but with caution. Even he could not suspect that a hundred braves had dismounted from their ponies in the canyon- where no trail was left, and hidden among the rocks. Their ponies had been led on by their comrades. The ambushed braves — cold, hungry, and desperate — saw their small band of pursuers pass on. They could hardly believe their own eyes. Could it be possible that so few men were on their track? How large, then, was the number which had surely gone on after the main force ? They had expected that a hundred sol diers at least were in their rear. So the band of a hundred braves lay low, waiting to see if others did not fol io w. But no others came, and then a tall chief sprang up from the rocks and called to his braves to follow him. He was in full war-paint and feathers, and yet a closer look revealed that a white face was concealed beneath the guise of an Indian chief. He told his braves in their own tongue to seek places of shelter — that just there was where they must head off their pur suers. And he gave orders that they should kill the horses of their foes, but not the riders. "Pa-e-lias-ka, the great long-haired foe of the Indians, is there, and must be taken alive, he and those with him," he said, calling Cody by the name by which he was known to the Indians. The canyon there was not a hundred yards in width, and the sides were rugs% ged, with large rocks that had broken off front the cliffs lying upon either side. Some of these boulders had rolled half way across the canyon, and from there the braves stretched their lariats, form ing a rope fence across the way. . Then they crouched in groups of five and ten behind the rocks, and thus formed a barrier which a troop of cavalry in a charge coulcl not have broken through. It was the cunning plot of the rene gade white chief to at least bring honor to himself in that day of dire defeat to the Indians. His evil brain had conceived it, and cleverly he had carried it out. Now he had only to wait, for he had planned with his braves ahead— for he commanded that corps of red-skins — that after going a given distance they should halt and ambush their pursuers. If they proved to be a small force, then they should spring upon tliem and drive them rapidly back into his trap. If they were a large force, then they must fight them back slowly to the rope- barrier and the waiting braves. Thus it was that Cody and those with him came to a point where they felt sure there was an ambush. A few shots sent into the timber proved that the chief of scouts was right, for the Indians revealed themselves, ad vanced, and the pursuers became in turn pursued, little dreaming that they had been hemmed i» CHAPTER XLIL— AGAINST TEB- RIBLE ODDS. "They are ambushed in that timber, or at least a number of them on foot," said Cody, as he came in sight of the place where the Indians had gone into ambush. "You are right, Cody, and we are too small a force to drive them, unless we can make them believe we have a large number following us," Lieutenant Sea ford replied. "Well, we'll make them show their hand. Boys, fire into the timber and flush those red-skins." The order was obeyed, and the result was that more red-shins »were flushed than the little party eared to see. Tbey at once came towards the chief of scouts' band, and there was nothing to do but retreat. "Well, we must fall back; but I only wish I had my troop here," said Lieu tenant Seaford. "Or I the rest of my band of scouts. As it is, we can only fall back, reminding those fellows that we do not wish to be pressed too hard;" and the scout emptied his repeating rifle into the midst of the red-skin band, and with a result that was fatal to one or more of them, for they yelled savagely. "See there, lieutenant; the whole force is returning. Can they Intend to return and make a stand?" And Cody pointed to where the whole force of Indians who had taken that canyon were returning from beyond the scene of ambush where they had ridden. "It must mean that they have been re inforced from their village, Cody, and hope to make a successful fight against their pursuers, of course believing a large number of troopers were pur suing." "I only wish there were, sir. But that move means some devilry, I am sure. Do you notice that they do not fire upon us?" "Yes." "I should judge from that that they have some plan to take us alive." "What can it be, Cody?" "Perhaps they know of another hand coming on in our rear, and hope to catch us between two fires." "That would be bad," said Lieutenant Seaford, with a shrug of his shoulders. "Yes. sir; worse than we would wish, by far. But if they are not up to some devilry, then I do not know Indian cun ning as I think I do." _ "I guess you are righit, Cody : but whatever -it is we must grin and bear it." "Suppose we bear it without the grin, lieutenant," said Cody, with a smile , and he called out to his scouts who were following: "What do you make of that red -skin move, boys," "They don't fire upon us, sir, I notice," said one. "That means they feel sure they've got us," another remarked. "They are plotting mischief, chief," said a third; and each man expressed himself as pretty sure that the Indians were playing some bold game. "I hope it is a game of bluster," said Cody, keeping a good look-out ahead. Having eyed the trail well as he went along, he continued: "I did not see where any of them turn ed off from the trail, and you notice that the pony tracks seem just as nu merous here as where we began to fol low them. Had any of them ridden off we would surely lmve seen their trail, for I was looking for a trap of that kind." "Then they did not leave the force, any of them?" "Not on their ponies, lieutenant." "Ah! They might hqve done so then on foot?" "Yes, sir; in the places where the can yon was bare and the snow had drifted away, braves on foot might have hid den "by the way." "That means they are in ambush go ing back?" 'Yes, sir." "If that is the case, we are in for it, Cody." "It looks so, lieutenant." "We must break through them, then." them, then." "It is our only chance," was Cody's quiet response; and turning to his men he explained just what the Indians might do to entrap them, adding: "The moment we find that such is the case ride up in line, and we'll open fire with our rifles. Then drop your reins upon your saddle-horses, and with a revolver in each hand we'll charge upon them all abreast. If any man falls it is a fate he must expect. If he is wounded, those of us who can will try and save him. Do you understand boys?" The scouts gave a decided answer in the affirmative, and then the eyes of all were bent on. the canyon ahead, the In dians in their rear crowding them more closely now. "Ah, it is as I expected! There they are, lieutenant — and, by Heaven, they have roped us in! Have your knives- ready, men, to cut tlirough that barrier," cried Cody, the fire of battle now flash ing from his eyes. CHAPTER XL1II.— THE RENE GADE'S PLEDGE. Those in that little band of heroes did r.ot despair of what they beheld. Behind them were a couple of hundred mounted braves, pushing on to attack them. In their front the canyon narrowed, and there was a natural barrier almost across in large rocks. From these the Indians had stretched their lariat fence. Behind this fence and the rocks were a hundred braves on foot. "The situation is a desperate one, and we have hit off a little more than we can masticate, but her's a try," said Cody, viUi grim humor. 'it looks as though we had to go un der, ' Cody; but we cannot grumble at Fate, for it is duty that demands the sacrifice of our lives. Shall we charge now? I will take the right;" and the brave officer wheeled to the right. "Take the centre, lieutenant; for you are a volunteer on this expedition, and must get through if anyone does to car ry the news to the boys." "No, Cody, I will shield my life behind no man's body. I will take the right of the line," was the officer's response. < "And. I the left. Men, are you ready?" A cheer broke from all. and the rifles of the scouts rattled forth upon the In dians until they were empty. And deadly work they did too. Then came the cry in Cody's ringing tones'. "Draw revolvers! Charge!" With a yell the men dropped their reins upon their saddle-horns, their re volvers were drawn, and in a steady line they rushed upon the rope barrier at full speed, their revolvers cracking as they; charged. To their surprise the Indians did not fire heavily; only here and there their rifles flashed, and these brought down horses and not riders. As Lieutenant Seaford's horse fell, Cody reined up quickly, and cried: '"We will not desert you. sir. Boys, we will die right here, and die fighting!" It was a desperate battle then that fol lowed, the little band fighting fer life against a score to one. A horse went down, then a scout, then another horse, and another scout. A' third scout fell, and yet the fight waged on. Not one of the little band threw a shot away. There was no firing at' random. There was no command, no word spoken, no excitement. All felt that the end was to be then, and so they fought with calm determi nation to die game and pile up a monu ment of dead foes around them. Bu/t each one could not but realise that the Indians were suffering a' terrible losf to their little band. It showed tliem that they were not to be killed if necessary— thait orders had been given to take them alive, and that only now and then some brave, breaking the command, really fi red to kill. Thus had the three scouts fallen. They were dismounted now, and grouped (together back to back. Revolvers and rifles had been emptied and were useless, and the scouts had drawn their bowie-knives. Lieutenant Seaford had his sword in hand, and the blade was red to the hilt. Thus they stood at bay, and in a pause Cody said : "We are to be taken alive, and you all know what that means." At that moment the Indians were pre paring for a rush. But a loud voice checked them, and thei came the words in English: "Surrender, and your lives shall be spared. Captivity does not mean death. Will you surrender, Cody?" It was the white renegade chief whe spoke. And the answer came from Cody. "Under the circumstances we can do nothing else." rtTTinrrnn VT Ttr 'PIJ IT- C A V. 11 I X J . >JJ- , v.." J ' ' — — It was a strange moment to Cody to feel thait he (had surrendered to red skin. In all of his strange, eventful life, in which truth and reality had been far stranger than fiction, where romance and stern facts had been woven most strongly together, Cody had never suf fered as he did at the moment when he uttered the words, in response to the re negade chief: "Under the circumstances we can do nothing else." He was the foe of (the redskins be cause duty made him so. He fought the Indians because the. latter fought the whites, but he held in his heart a warm place for poor Lo. There was compassion for him, and a regret that the Indian would not accept the stern alternative that eivilisaition must rule, but fought foot by foot for the hunting grounds of his people, (the land that held the bones of his fore fathers, defying the advance of the Star of Empire, only to die .before the rifles of the soldiers. Because duty called, then. Cody was the enemy of the Indians, and in battle their most terrible foe, though when the hatchet was buried he was their friend. Now the famous Pa-e-has-ka was com pelled to surrender to the enemy, who he knew would he only too glad to put him to death by torture. He had the pledge of the white chief that his life would be spared. But he .took no account of sucli a promise from such a source. He only looked at it that to continue tire struggle then would be the sure death of Lieutenant Sea ford, his other three scouts, and him self. The lieulenan't himself had been twice slightly wounded. But the chief of scouts, though disregarding the white renegade's pledge, felt that while there was life there was hope; so he whispered to Lieutenant Seaford, who replied : "Yes, Cody, there is no telling. YYe may find means of escape." So the renegade stepped forward and took the rifles, revolvers, and knives of his five prisoners. He eyed Cody curi ously as he did so, then glared at the officer, and last at the three scouts. "You made a desperate fight, Cody. I do not wonder that you have won a big name when you can fight like that, and have men stand by your side and do the same," "You have won, renegade — we have lost; and that is all there is to it," said the scout. "Yes. we have won — captured five men, killed -three others, as a balm for a most overwhelming defeat. Fortu nately. my band of heroes has done this, or I might not be very popular among my red brothers. As it is, I have done wonders, for I have captured Colonel Cody. Then, (too, I have killed three of his men, and also hold as prisoners an army officer and three scouts." "Oh, stop talking, and go on with your work." "What work?" "Why, robbing, of .course ; for you have not robbed us yet, and I have a watch and chain, a ring, and some money." "Ah. I was overlooking that duty." sneered the renegade, while Lieutenant Seaford looked at the scout with sur prise to feel that he had suggested that they should be robbed. But Cody whispered. "It is better for him to get all than the ed skins, as we shall know where to find them if opportunity offer." The lieutenant upon this promptly handed over his watch and chain, gold sleeve- buttons, and what money he had with him, the three scouts doing likewise Just as lie did so back down the canyon was heard the loud notes of a bugle sounding a charge. The effeot was startling, for the rene gade quickly ordered ponies to be brought, and the prisoners were told to mount them, while, as the bugle sounded tgain, and nearer, the warriors sprang apon their horses and a rapid retreat r.as begun. "The cavalry have come on, after all," said Lieutenant Seaford. "Had they been half an hour sooner we would not now be captives." "But this storm will prevent their pushing much further; so we are de stined to see the Indian village," re turned the chief of scouts. After going half a mile, surrounded by warriors, the prisoners were halted, and they were bound securely to the ponies upon which they had been mounted. "Now I think we are safe, for your ca valry will not dare venture far in the face of this storm," said the renegade chief. And as all were suffering with cold, he ordered his braves to push on at a gallop so that a camp could be made to warm them. CHAPTER XLV.-THE "WEIRD BUGLER. Back on his trail through the fatal canyon where Cody and his party had been captured came a horseman, slowly following in the track left by the rene gade pnd bis band. Both horse and rider are worthy of description, for it was an odd pair to see upon a trail— just such as the supersti tious man would be looking for at mid- light and in the vicinity of a grave yard. But this appeared to be a ghost visible by daylight— a phantom horse and rider without moonlight, effects. The horse appeared to be snow-white, and might have been; but a closer look revealed that his head was completely enveloped in a white indiarubber cowl, his neck also. Then his body was covered with a robe of the same description, falling as far as to his knees and over his haunches, completely enveloping him, and shedding the snow as it fell. This covering fitted over the Eaddle, and through holes upon either side of it appeared white reins. The rider was enveloped from head to foot in the same waterproof kind of robe, and it looked as though he was well wrajiped up beneath to protect him from the cold. At any rate, from the white toque on his head to his boots, he was enveloped in a waterproof covering. — His face was shielded by a white mask, painted to resemble a skeleton face, the eyes glaring brightly out through the sockets, while the hands were protected by gauntlet gloves, painted to resemble skeleton fingers. Behind the saddle of the weird rider was a large roll of blankets, also en veloped in white waterproof, while bags of the same description, with food for man and horse, hung upon either side. A rifle painted white was slung to the saddle-horn, and revolvers were hidden in holsters, and thus sheltered. Altoge ther the horse and rider presented an ap pearance that was weird' and startling even by the light of day, and would have been strangely so by night. The horse was a large one, and moved along as though in no way fatigued. Suddenly the horseman paused. He had heard cries ahead. They were the wild- war-cries of white men. Then, mingled with them, were heard the Indian war-cries. The pliantom-like horseman listened attentively. His horse pricked his ears forward and seemed a trifle nervous. Nearer grew the sounds, but the horse man kept his position. He looked like one to scare rather than to be scared. He sat there for some time, neither horse nor rider seeming to feel the bitter cold wind that was driving through the can yon, or to care for the falling, blinding enow. Nearer and nearer grew the sounds. They were evidently coming" back down the canyon. Then came a lull, then a rifle volley, and following was a wild chorus of war-cries. They came, too, from the lips of pale-faces. Next was heard the cracking of revol vers, and these rattled rapidly and fiercely for a while. Then these ceased their deadly rattle, and again were heard the defiant cries from pale-face lips, fol lowed by exultant Bhouts from many warriors. - 