A TALE OF AD VENTURE IN WEST AUSTRALIA. [By Timon.] [Published by special arrangement with the author. AH rights reserved;] Chapter XI.—A Guog Shanty. Any communication was rendered impos-1 aible by the fact that a trooper was mounting j guard over us. At first I was not sorry, for, indeed, I had nothing inspiriting to say. Escape seemed out of the question. There we were trapped like rats in a cage. What the end of it all would be I dared not stop to think. There was not a chink of light visible through the darkness—no ray of hope to illuminate the future. Overwhelmed by the tragic nature of our position I felt in no mood for conversation. But gradually the longing to know how Bob was feeling over powered all other considerations. I resolved to run the risk of incurring the trooper's displea sure and speak to her at all hazards. " Bob, are you asleep ?' I asked. "No talking," said the trooper gruffly. '■* "No ; I don't think I shall sleep at all,"she answered promptly. "I said no talking," the man put in savagely. Then to my horror he gave Bob a kick. After this experience I did not at tempt any more conversation, but some how her utterance hud revived my fainting courage. It sounded so resolute and brave. I took it to mean that she would be on tiie alert—ready to avail herself of the first chance of escape. But, ah me! time wore on and not a ghost of a chance presented itself. I could hear by the sounds proceed ing from the drinking bar that the three troopers were joining in the convivial merri ment of the place. If only our gaoler would go out and join them. But no, there he sat —alert, conscientious, wide awake, and pain fully sober. It was intensely aggravating to realise that Bob might be evolving some splendid plan which the trooper's presence prevented her imparting to me. As is frequently the case, the sounds of drunken merriment were soon followed by sounds of anger. I could make out that the men were quarrelling over cards and that some of the troopers were mixed up in the affair. Blows were interchanged, oaths flew from lip to lip, chairs and tables were upset,; glasses were smashed, and the quarrel ended in a free fight all round. Our gaoler fidgeted about, opened the door, looked out, then came back, and sac down again. I heard Bob give a little impatient sigh. We waited in silence, the noise in the bar waxing faster and more furious every moment, till at last a heavy fall, followed by a woman's scream, decided our trooper to inter vene. He went off abruptly, locking the door behind him. "Now, everything depends on whether he has left the key in the lock," said Bob in a stage whisper. I crawled to the door and looked through the keyhole. "Yes, it's there. But I don't see how it can do u3 any good." " We must get someone to open the door for us," Bob said calmly. "That's easier said than done," I replied. " Think a moment. Someone lias been hurt • —stabbed probably—and you are a doctor." "Well, if the trooper did let me go to his relief he'd mount guard over me all the time— and he'd turn the key on you. So there would he nothing gained." " I'm not thinking of the trooper at all. heard a woman cry out when the man fell— I probably his wife. We must get her to open the door." * ' "She may not know her way about, think she must be the wife of the shanty keeper. If so we couldn't have a better ally." "I believe you are right, Bob," I said admiringly. "There were no women in the bar when we passed through. If we can make her hear us she may be induced to Open the door. Buc it is a desperate game." "Desperate conditions demand desperate measures," she returned. I fancied there was a slight touch of scorn in her voice. "I am not afraid of danger for myself," I said a little hotly. "I am thinking you " "Pray don't, it will only hamper your action,"she said earnestly. "Think 01 succeed ing—and nothing else." Oh ! What a brave heart was here. I could have knelt to kiss the hem of her garment, which at this moment happened to be a pair of tweed trousers. But there was no time for sentiment. "Hark! What is that?" she asked sud denly." I listened. " They are carryiug the wounded man to another room. I can hear the woman crying still ..." I listened again. "Our gaoler seems taking the whole affair in hand. I fancy the others are too fuddled 3o be of much use. We shan't be the only prisoners conveyed to the township to morrow." " I don't believe we shall be conveyed there at all," responded Bob cheerily. What a spirit she had, to he sure, for her, the ■ faintest ray of hope served as an illumination. I confess that I was less sanguine. The door of our room opened straight upon the bar. How were we to get cut without detection One thing, however, seemed certain—that our gaoler was not coming back. We had got rid of him, at any rate. I could make out from scraps of talk that came through, the thin partition—-for our prison house was all of wood—that the men who had taken part in the drunken fray were securely manacled and that the troopers were mounting guard over them. If only they would fall asleep—and if someone would open . the door—all might yet be well. But these were two very doubtful "ifs." As the night advanced I (beard portentous suores proceed from the other room. Some of them were sound asleep evidently, but who could tell me if one at least were not wide awake and on the lookout for an attempt to escape. In the inner chamber ail was still as death. Perhaps the man was really dead. If so, a doctor would not be required, and our one hope of deliverance was scattered to the winds. P .. was beginning to despair when I heard a step pass out of the back door and move along the verandah. We heard water trickle and then the step passed back again, and we heard a long sobbing sigh. Bob had clambered up to the window—a small aperture about a foot square—in a' moment. "Hist!" she said softly. We heard a short exclamation of surprise. "Would you like to see a doctor?—is the man seriously hurt?" "He's dying, I think," came the answer, broken with sobs. '' There ain't no doctor lor I miles around. I'd give my life to see one, I would." * ' 1 "You can see a doctor now, if you like," Bob said impressively. "How?" asked the voice eagerly. "Promise to do just as I tell you and he I will come," Bob replied. ' "I promise," the voice said. 