HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Mr. HOLDER, to Mr. Giles—The approxi mate coat of deepening tlie Port River to a depth of 27 ft. was £80,000; the Port Pirie River to a depth of 10 ft. £.80,000, and to a i depth of 18 ft. £65,000.—'To Mr. Grainger— ' The whole of the proposod increases to Civil servants appeared on the Estimates. They would date aB usual from July 1. To Mr. Wood—Qo did not consider that, because clorks in the Taxation Department did the name work for four or five, years they were spociallv entitled to an increase. To Mr. Grainger—The increases dated from July], oxoept in cases, for instance, where an officer received an increase in September. Then his noxt one would date from that month. The increases, although they dated from July 1, were not paid Until the House passed the Estimates, so that the officers concerned would not have to make a. refund in cases where the House did not agree to the increases. Professor Lowrie's addi tion to salary would date from July 1.— To Mr Giles—It would be far wiser to spend £30.000 in deepening Port Pirie 15 ft. than in spending £65,000 in providing a light line of railway to Port Gormein. He was aware that tho Commission of 1889 recommended the construction of a light line to Port Gcrmeiu when it was found necessary to deepen Port Pirie.—To Mr. Grainger—Tho Government had throe timos duriug the past twelve moutliB considered the propriety of extending* the ~ Wallaroo Jetty. The Railways Commis sioner had reported that there was no justifica tion for the expenditure. Mr. JENKINS, to Mr. Hutchison—He be lieved that wages had been paid to the men injured in the accidont at the Adelaide Rail way Station.—To Mr. Wood—It was impos sible at present to send men out to work at tho Vundaleer Waterworks, as the surveyors and engineers had not compjeted _ their labours. No timo was being lost in this respect.—To Mr, Bacchelor—The Government recognised thoir responsibility in the payment of compen sation to the relatives of the late Mr. Crowley, killed' in the Adelaide Railway Station acci dent. Those who were injurod would also receive ^attention. Tho Railways Commis sioner, ainoe tho report of the inquest had been published, had called for acomplete return, and when that was received he would ask for it. — To Mr. Wood—Eighteen men were working at the Mintaro Railway Station. They had beeu working for periods varying from one to twenty days. They had received £71 7s. 3d. They had been paid the minimum of 6s. per' day. N. Daly had been employed from June , 13 to July 8, and J. Daly from June 22 to July 8\. It .was not known that the men suffered from any special physical disability, but they were certainly not capable of doing an able bodied man's work. Mr. KINGSTON, to Mr. Price-— The Marine Dealers Bill was in'the hatidsof the draftsman. Notice'had.been given in another place, end-it was hoped to introduce the Bill next week." Mr.O'LOUGHLIN. to Mr. Mortlock-It was th'e intention' of the Government to .enforce the dog tax on land hold under pas toral or other leases, but which had subse quently boon enolosod with a vermin-proof fence by the lessee, thore being no provision j 480 1 for thoir exemption. .The Government could not place such lo3Bpe on the same torrns as leasees who were now within a vermin distriot "without furthor legislation. 7""" Mr. Burgoyne gave. notice of a motion for December 2 that. amounts due to per bous employed in the Wells Expedition be ■ paid by the Government. Mr. Poynton tabled a contingent notice to refer the ques tion of deepening the Port Adelaide River to^ a Select Committee. Mr. Jenkins be lieved wages .were being paid to the men injured -at tlie Adelaide Railway JStation. The Government rdoguised the responsi bility of paying compensation to the rela tives of the late Mr. Crowley and to the injured men. A full report on the accident had been called for from the Engineer-in C hief. Mr. Holder recollected that the Barrier Commission recommended the con struction of a light line of railway to Port Germein when further deepening was necessary at Port Pirie, but "still would prefer to spend £15,000 in giving Port Pirie 15 ft. of water to spending £65,000 on a light railway to Port Germein. Mr. Go ode tabled a vague motion for conces sions to the 'lienmark Irrigation Trust. Mr. Wood and Mr. Grainger asked ques tions about increases of salary to Civil servants, elieitinj? replies about the de partmental practice. The Railways Com missioner could not recommend the exten sion of the Wallaroo Jetty. On the motion to go iu'to Supply, Mr.Han d.vside explained his reference to the stop ping of a train to suit the convenience of a labour candidate at Keith, and exonerated the Railways Commissioner from any sus picion of partiality: 111 inaudible tones he repeated his request for concessions to resi dents on. the Southeastern line. Mr. Giles expressed the grievance of Orrorooites at the Government not taking up the local water conservation scheme, owing to faulty1 legislation. A reservoir was essential at Baroota in connection with the supply of water to Port Pirie. The Ministry offered no reply to the complaint, and Mr. Caldwell took the chair in the absence of Mr. Catt owing to ill-health. Mr. Darling, who made a valuable contri bution to the Budget debate, ob jected to the Ministry attempt ing to hurry its consideration. Mr. Holder—The Commons gets through the Budget in six hours. Mr. Darling pointed, out that the Commons was assisted by Committees of Public Finance. Those who had brought the colony "through trying circumstances were not solely repre sented by the Government. He quoted figures not only to juslily deep sympathy with the fanning class, but to show that the people were not cultivating land in the same proportion as formerly. Nature was against us, for in the years of the world's scarcity the colony had no wheat to spare; in the prospect of a good harvest prices were not encouraging. The Savings Bank balance-sheet was an object lesson to 'the State Bank. Mr. Holder—Not in accuracy, though they err on the right side. Mr. Darling—The State Bank credited pre miums on sale of bonds to make ends meet instead of placing them to a reserve ac count. The-building trade around the city during the three years represented an ex penditure of £1,200,000, and the heat and burden of the day had fallen upon the country people. The Asheroft railway agreement was faulty, because it provided for one-sided traffic, and the blaine rested upon the Government. Mr. Holder—We are gaining in population and industry at the smelting towns. Mr. Darling—But you cannot also claim consideration for a loss. It would be inopportune to raise the Barrier rates until the currency of the agreement with the large Companies expired, because it would inflict great injury upon the small Companies who enjoyed no contract for specific rates with the Railways Commis sioner. The revenue of South Australia was swelled by a book-keeping credit of £17;000 on the Northern Tcrritoiy account. Expenditure upon the Adelaide Hospital and the Produce Depot was increasing. In the light of the Audit'Commissioner's re pert. the loan conversion was badly managed. - Mr. Hutchison suggested that the absence of a good harvest affected our credit. Mr. Darling, in dissenting, remarked Ilia* our bountiful harvest was only a breakfast to the world. No. one had more confidence than himself in (be colony. It was the Trades Hall people wiio croaked and damaged the country. .Mr. Archibald —Ycur crowd is always crying stinking fish, Mr, Darling—Certainly not. 'i be lion, mem ber next bad a .controversy with the Trea surer on the point that as revenue had re ceived considerable gain in interest from loan conversion revenue -liouhl bear, the ex panses of flotation. Mr. Holder thought that principle should he applied only when fiiie capital slock was ncreased. Mr. Dar ling fell back upon the authority of the Audit Commissioner, and Mr. Holder set himself up as ail eaual authority to the ex pert Mr. Darling observed that if our stock vera (-diverted to the standard of British Contois we should save £.'107,SOU a year in interest, and reduce the capital by £S,(151,000.- That result was worth living for as a fruit of federation, and of true re cognition of the colony as parti and parcel of the Britisli Empire. Every day they de layed '.lie conversion the greater the injus tice tlu-y inflicted upon porterify. Mr. Grainger—llear, hear. Mr. Holder—It. is quite the reverse. You don't know any thing about it. Mr. Darling thought lie ki tw a lot about it. It was a fair condi tion of their entering Imperial federation that the British Government should guaran tee their stocks. Mr. llourigan—The bond holder will rule the world. Air. O'Malley— The pawnbroker rules the world now. Air. Darling had submitted the figures, not be cause the scheme was immediately prac ticable, hut they had a right, to look ahead. Curing to railway .accounts, in giving the return at 2.97 sight was lost of t'l,770,009 capital lost. While we were losing £70,000 on the interest, account, ff was seriously pro posed to construct a line to Queensland which would not pay for the'grease oil the wheels. Railways should be .managed with better economy. Air. Holder claimed that theic had been adjustment of the incidence of taxation, because as a matter of trade Customs revenue under an unaltered tariff had shrunk. Air. Hourigau sniiled at the sophistry. Mr. Darling, after controverting the preposition, dilated upon (lie cruelty of the extra tax on the Beetfiloo people. If he had acted in the same manner towards the grain market he would^have been howled down by tlie very members who supported the Government. Ii snnnnhig up a retro spect lie saw nothing to congratulate the Ministry on in the financial management, but much to compliment the people upon. The proposed deepening expenditure was inop pc rtune. It was too early to anticipate a 7 busliel harvest); the Treasurer was not justi fied in working upon nore than a 6-bushel average. Before giving away a free breakfast the Government should re move some of the existing addi tional and unjust taxation. The light dues were by comparison exceedingly higb. The lion, member came down from "nr tional affairs to a local want—the exten sion of deep drainage to the Lunatic Asylum, upon which subject there is a -notice of motion on the Paper, but the Acting Chairman permitted him to continue uninterrupted. Air. Darling returned to tlie Budget at the point connected with tlie Northern Territory. Air. Holder—That budget will come later. Air. Grainger—At half-past -5 inthe, morning, aud': be disposed i of in half an hour. Mr. Darling hgcLno Bug- ! gestior.. to offer to settle • the > Territory ! problem, because it would not'be adequately I appreciated. Mr.^Darlihg, who had spoken : closrly and forcibly for', .an. iiotir and a \ quarter, concjuded a thoughtful nddrcss by j an expression' of confidence in the people : continuing frugal, industrious, and con- i tented. - ^ j Half-a-dozen speakers filled up the time : to the dinner-hour. Mr. Hourigan expres sed Ins disappointment that no taiss had been taken off the necessaries oflHe, and Mr. Hutchison questioned the fairness of departmental' economies, and . pointed out that the stock tax stood self-cqndeinned. Mr.-Dumas proved an excellent Ministerial ■echo. Mr, Gilbert and Mr. Giles breathed i again on-the dead'bones of the wealth 'tax, but not even the ghost of chance of' life I appeared. . Mr. Blacker bantered Mr. ! Foster about the Northern lands, and when ! Mr. Foster appeared to -Be getting cross j he gave a Sunday-school recitation touching 1 the beauty of lovingkindncss. A naive ! confession came from Mr. Moody tliaf the ! Treasurer had mentioned one or two mat-'l terfi in his Budget Speech. | "We" propose to allow the Income Tax Amendment Act of last year to expire— j the exemption will therefore be £'200 this i year."—Mr. Holder to Mr. Homburg, who j was perfectly satisfied. j In a chatty little reply Mr. Holder ( elaborated his principal interjections to his J critics, and thanked lion, members for the i kindly way the Budget had been received. 1 Sir John Downer adopted the somewhat 1 unusual course of reopening the discussion, taking the Treasurer to task for a 'per- i functory explanation, and demanding that Ministers should each defend his depart ment. As a Freetrader Mr. Holder -had justified his "corner in wood" by arguments which he. himself believed' were fallacious. "It is downright dishonesty to advertise for tenders in 'another colony when you - mean to accept a local contract."—Sir John Downer on the sleeper contract. The Knight 'of Barossa chastised the Treasurer .for an unsatisfactory treatment of the "corner in water" at Betaloo. Mr. Kingston devoted a slashing im promptu to his opponent, informing Sir John that lie had never been suspected of assisting the Government in the transac tion of public business. He hoped Sir John would profit by the lesson. Sir John—Not from you. Mr. Kingston—He hasn't the grace to repent or the energy to atone. Sir John—lhauk God, I have l not. Mr. Kingston—He thanks the Almighty he is not like one of old. Had not Sir' John frequently culled for outside tenders to > check prices. Mr. Solomon—The price of sleepers was as well known as penny buns. Mr. Wood interjected, and Mr. Kingston made a sneering reference to the alliance between the malice of Sir John and the ignorance of Mr. Wood. The Premier asked the member for Barossa whether one rule was to apply to timljcr and another to ! locomotives. Mr. Darling—In both cases it is very objectionable. . Mr. Kingston—He would let Mr. Darling argue that out with Sir John Downer. Sir John Downer—There is not the slightest analogy between -the ! timber and the locomotives. Mr. Kingston though I the difference was in favour of the indigenous article. He admitted that they might pay too dearly for the local whistle, in which case the outside tenders became useful. Mr. Darling—Isn't 20 per cent, too dear? Mr. Kingston considered it was dishonest to make more than one speech on the Budget.' Mr. Solomon continued the discussion, representing that the Premier J had run a pretty hare across the track by introducing locomotives, and urging that the colony would suffer by the trick played upon the outside tenderer. Fearless ■ Mr. Wood j accused Mr. Kingston of abusing anybody , who did not happen to agree with him. In replv to interjection, he hastily asserted thai Mr. Bnlchelor would do whatever Mr. j Kingston told him, which brought forth an ! indignant chorus from the followers of Mr. Batchoior. Party volcanic lives having been exhausted, at twenty minutes to 9 the first line of the Estimates was passed. Lands and Early Closing Bills were intro duced, ar.d read a first time with the Police Bill received from the Council. Mr. Caldwell resumed the chair in Com mittee, over two hours being devoted to the Fertilizers Bill. Notwithstanding the strenuous opposition no material alteration was made in the measure, which, thanks to the alternate wheedling and bluffing of the Premier, emerged from Committee. 