An Illustrious Dominican. The Story of Father Burke's Life. A NEW BIOGRAPHY. It has been frequently asserted, and especially in these later days, that few things are more difficult to reconcile than the life of the world and the life of the cloister, or in a wider sense to live the spiritual life side by Bide with a life of ceaseless activities in and for the world., Were it not for the brilliant examples whioh a moment's consideration will bring to mind, the incongruity of the double obligation would seem irreconcilable. If in this our day we have not a Vincent de Paul or a Francis de Sales, a Catherine of Siena, or a Charles Borromeo, are not their prototypes to be found in the religious bodies of men and women who, while engaged in the multitudinous works which bring them in perpetual contact with the outside world, still preserve that inner life of union with God and detachment from earthly things. There is no more striking example of such a successful combination of the active and contemplative life than the subject of this sketch, the illustrious Dominican, Father " Tom" Burke, C.P. A Biographical Trilogy. When a man's life comes to be written for the third time, and that before the second decade since his death, it would seem to bespeak something in the life and character of that man which appeals to the multitude in an extraordinary degree, and that it has been so in this instance who can deny, knowing the deep reverence and almost passionate admiration in which the name of the saintly priest and patriot is held. It will be easily understood that to write the life of a many-sided man, such as Father Burke, was no easy task ; hence we find that the first " life" written by one who was himself a part of the outside world, and with but limited opportunities of seeing and judging of the more interior life of Father Burke, deals with that side of his character which was presented more broadly to the world and more readily appreciated by it, while the spiritual side— the real life—was almost completely passed over. The absence of Buch ruling charac teristics in the writing of his life did not escape the notice of his brothers in religion, and the writing of another life was under taken by one of the Dominican Fathers of the English province, which appeared under the title of "The Inner Life of Father Burke," , and was published some two years ago. And now the third life appears. The Catholic Truth Society, ever-zealous for the objects for which it was founded—to provide good and cheap Catholic literature for the people—has brought out an excellent "life" to add to its ever-lengthening penny biographical series; and wisely, too, in this penny life the two sides of the great Dominican's character are dealt with, the result being an eminently satisfactory combination. To give any lengthened notice even of this little book of thirty-two pages would be more than space permits. A brief mention of some of the most salient points that will send the reader to the book itself will suffice . : Father Burke's Birth and Childhood. Nicholas Anthony Burke was born in the city of Gal way, on September 8, 1830, and was baptised on the tenth of the same month, the feast of St. Nicholas of Tolentino, after whom he was called, the name Anthony being added because of his mother's devotion to that saint. As a child Nicholas was delicate, bat full of spirit, and his fondness for pranks and practical jokes often got him ipto trouble, when his mother—one of the good old faehioned sort of mothers—did not fail in the scriptural injunction to "use the rod," and she took the duty of correction to be one of her most serious responsibilities. " When I saw my mother enter the room, make the sigh of the cross, and solemnly invoke the light Of the Holy Ghost to direct her, ' I. knew I could?-expect no mercy," said Father Burke; " I never got such a beating as ttat directed by the Holy Spirit, andthayA^uoyerfor gotten it." At times, by :-;wbrd. "direct" wasohangedtii!?"prevent" "But it never did 'prevent,'" adds Father Bprke; "down the lash always came." Perplexed and harassed mothers and teawers fnigbt well ixhitate the tactics of aside .all those modern ideas and practises assistance of the Holy Spirit for the faith ful up-bringing of the children. Small wonder if the young folks 'of the present time are so often a disappointment when we consider how little such aids are made use of in their training and education. The Cbisib in His Life. A severe attack of typhoid at about the Age of fourteen was the crisis of his life. It is interesting to learn that the example of Daniel O'Connell had a share in develop ing his vocation. " He contributed largely to make a priest of me," Father Burke once said, "for amongst the things that made an impression on me as a boy was when I stood in the chapel of Galway to see the great O'Connell coming to 8 o'clock mass in the morning, to watch him absorbed in prayer, kneeling amongst us, and re ceiving Holy Communion." The Irish famine of 1847 had also a sobering effect on young Burke's mind and of fixing his thoughts on the priesthood. From his boyhood he had been under Dominican influences. The union of active with con templative work in that Order attracted him forcibly, and on December 29,1847, he was clothed "in St. Dominic's white wool," receiving in religion the name of Thomas, after St. Thomas Aquinas, the angelic doctor. In Borne he first met Cardinal Wiseman, who was much struck by him. "That young man," he said, "has a wondrous power of inspiring love; he will be a great priest some day." The Development op the Obatob. His first efforts at preaching gave no promise of the future orator. He used to preach with his eyes shut, and showed great timidity. Father Burke's visit to America constitutes the most busy and glorious period of his life, and to this day his "Lectures on faith and fatherland," and his brilliant " Refutation of Froude " are more widely read than any other works which treat of kindred subjects. The people of the Hew World appreciated him to the full, and he himself said he could never speak elsewhere as in America. • " In Columbia I am a free man, and will speak my soul." In 1873 he returned to Ireland, and wae received with enthusiasm. The people knew and valued his work on their hefaialf in America, and hailed him with gratitude. In replying to the meeting which welcomed him on his return, he said, " I suppose I am expected to say something." Here his voice faltered and tears rolled down his cheeks. After a few moments of silence he resumed, " I can't say anything; don't ask me—for God's sake don't ask me! I am in the presence of Him at whose altar I serve. I have reached the land I have been longing for. I can say no more." The remaining years of his life were years of toil and pain. Perhaps the most striking of Father Burke'B virtues was his deep humility, with its never-failing companion, simplicity. His obedience too, was remarkable. In one of his retreats he said," The truly obedient religions can say at Judgment—" Lord the sins committed before profession, by it are effaced, and since, acting under obedience, I am not responsible for my actions," and Christ will close the book and Bay, Thou art right, for thee there is no judgment. He possessed a pure, joyouB, and noble spirit, and the more he was known the better he was loved. He was always cheerful and could not endure melancholy faces. " There is no law," he said, " that the pionB should be dull. . We can be San keymonious without being Moody." Nearing the End. The last ten years of Father Burke's life were years of unremitting toil, of con stant pain, of frequent preaching, but marked by no striking incident. Though suffering acutely from an aggravated form of hernia, he worked unceasingly, and his list of engagements showed one, at least, for every day, fully ten months in advance. Pain was now his constant companion, still he wished to die in harness. The new Dominican Church at Haverstock Hill, London,! was to . be opened, and Father Burke had promised to preach on the occasion. He determined to do so, though warned that it might cost him his life. " I will go even if I die on the way," he said, "my Fathers in England will know then that at least I had the will to help them. His last sermon was preached onbehalf of B.OOOstarvingchildren of Done gal, and on 'his return home the carriage had-to he stopped three timSs owing to the severity of the pain. Death had no terrors for hum. " Thank God," he said," I have lost all physical'fearof death.. I feel the weight of my sins and infirmities more than ever, and have, if possible, a greater few of the judgment of God; but all dread ofdeath itself has gone. Oh,'won't the. exchange bebeautiful; won't it be loyelywhehthe Oncl comes." "Abontthreeo'ciockin the morning of; Monday, July' 2?' wrote one of Hie . pomhucah Fathers, " rapid knocks sounded' obthe doors of our cells and a Brother entering exclaimed — " To the Prior's cell!" All was over. Our Father had gone to join the angelic choir. Thus ended the life of this illustrious sou of an illustrious order; a life true to the traditions of his order—for it is abun dantly manifest that the real life was that of the cell. The other, however evident, was "but a purple patch on the garment of simple devotion." , To conclude, in the words of this ad mirable little book: " May the life and virtues of this holy son of St. Dominic, his humanity, his spirit of penance, his zeal for souls, be reproduced in the priests of all lands! May the lessons he so eloquently and so constantly taught be manifest in the lives of all children of the Church !" And may this brief sketch have its humble share in making him better known and more truly loved. 