THE HON. EDMUND BARTON ON FEDERATION. On Thursday evening, a corurded meeting was addressed in tho Masonic Hall, Dubbo, by tho Hon. E. Barton, M.L.C. Tho body of tho hull was filled, and in tho gallery were a number of Indies. On tho stage were Messrs. T. Baird, 11. Coatsworth, A. Wilson (Syduoy), J. Rcid, »I. Morgan, and W. Davidson. The chair was occupied by his Worship tho Mayor (Mr. K. U, Utlkv) who said ho hail Elcosuro in presiding at thin mooting. They nd mot to hoar tho greatest statesman not only in Now South Wales, but Australasia. Tho fact that he hud been selected by tho Conven tion as its leader proved it. Mr. Barton was now endeavouring in tho best possible manner to hammer Australia into ahapo and weld it into a nation, and lie had he was certain all their sympathies. (Cheers). Mr. Barton, whoso coming forward was greeted with rounds of cheers, said it was not noccssary for him to offer any apologies for coming before thcin to address them on such a subject 'as Federation, but under no circum stances would he think it necessary to anologiso to a Dubbo audionco, to the people whom ho knew no well in tho past, ami where ho had many fast friends, and had snout tho pleasant- est hours of his life. He had determined when ho left Sydney to visit Dubbo, and tho only thing he was sorry for was that his engage ments did not permit him to come among thorn before, for lie knew that thcro was a determined attempt mndo by those opposed to the Federa tion Convention Bill to frighten them. In tho old country the villagers were frightened with a scooped out turnip. A candle was placed in it and with it and a white sheet, thoy frightened poor foolish creatures out of thoir wits. Here they had these bogies 111 plenty. They lmd all sorts of them, — Bounty lwgics, finance bogies, equal representative bogies, nnd if people wero to bo frightened out of their senses by ghost stories regarding Federation enough of tlieui had been told. But ho was proud to think that tho people wero not to he frightened, and he felt certain Federation would be carried. Ho knew the feeling in Sydney, Albury, Narrandera, Bourke, and Nyngan, unci it was for Federation. He then traced tho Federal movement, com mencing with the Convention Bill of 1891, a Bill that had been defeated by Mr. (. H. Rcid nnd Mr. J. H. Want. Subsequently, in 189-1 Mr. Reid became converted to Federation, and by an arrangement with tho other colonies a Federal Enabling Bill was carried into law. Tho Parliament of Now South Wales fixed the minimum vote at at), 000, but after the Con vention under that Bill had been elected — after tho assembly under the Parlia ments had worked— the Parliament of New Soutli Wales raised tho number to 80,00(1. Tiiis was a flagrant breach of faith towards the other colonics. It was hypocritical for these people who raised tho minimum to talk of being the friends of Federation while their lianas were reeking with its destruction. This In-each of faith passed the comprehension of the ordinary citizen, but not of the men acquainted with Australian public life. He ridiculed the composition of those opposed to the Bill. The Tories nnd the Socialists joined hands. Tlie anti-Convention Bill League, the Colonists1 league, and the Labour league were as one. The high Tories were working with thu Radicals, and took for their motto, 44 -Money talks." Yes, money talked, hut only in this way, while the Lil>our ami Socialist wing were being paid to talk all over the country the men who found tlie money remained silent. Pick from the two extreme wings ten men. Lock them up in a room, and commission them to frame a Constitution, and he was certain they would never frame one, for not one would have a finger or a hand left. They would destroy each other. He then dealt with the Finance Committee's report, nnd said it was only speculative. But if thev had to make a little fiscal sacrifice, surely Federation was worth it. If a man's patriotism was not worth .'Is. 0d., he did nut think much of it. He then dealt with the tariffs, and went through the Bill, showing that it was the most reasonable and democratic Bill ever put before n free country. He dealt with equal State representation and the pro visions for deadlocks, also, with tlie fact that the Senate could nut, as hud been suggested, continue to tliwurt the rule of the peuplo. The ( /institution, so far as it concerned democracy, was leagues ahead of any Constitution in any English-speaking couulry. The double disso lution and the fact that they would have to sit in the same chamber, and not fire paper pellets at each other from different houses, was an improvement. The House of Representatives would have more than majority rule, and in tiie end tlie House of Representatives and the large States would win. Tlie two alligators were not to lie swallowed ui> by thu three blood- thirsty mice. He read a letter by Mr. Cohen on the subject of majorities in the combined sitting, and said he had tested the figures and they were absolutely correct. Every State depended upon its finance upon the proportion on tho customs nnd cxciso revenues, and what could the Statu Treasurer do for his money while tho recalcitrant senators held out. Tho financial equilibrium of the .State depended uiKm its monthly dole, ami would tho people allow their Monitors to gu on opposing? He then paved on to the railwnva am! rivers policy — one founded on justice — and in the carrying out of the provisions of intercolonial free trade. The Inter-State Commission would prevent any violation of the principle under the cloak of developmental rates. Preferential rates, if unjust, undue, and unreasonable, must go down. The internal tratlie was not to be worried or interfered with. He denied that tlie Constitution was hide-bound, and it was leu and even twenty times easier to bo altciod than the American Constitution. Ho explained how an amendment could be brought about, and said it was a farrago of nonsense to assert that an alteration could only bo brought about at tho point of the bayonet. Tho Constitution wan not hide hound or east iron, but was marvellously clastic. Of course, .. ..v..v .. ...4 .l(j'-VIIIU t.J the terms, it would not bo right to eliunge that agreement unless all the parties wore agreeable. Ife referred to Mr. Reid's speech at (ioulburu and wished that a man who hud announced hiu intention of voting for the Bill would have found fewer blots and blemishes. Mr. Koid «aid that there should be another Convention, if this Bill was not accepted. They were told that this Bill was better than tho one of 1kb), and if another Convention in 1905, what was to prevent them going on holding Conventions to tlie end of tho chapter and doing nothing else. Mr. Reid hnd said this was tiie fairest Bill tluu could have been expected from the Convention, and ho hud said that in another Convention, the .States should ho proportionately repre sented. But they knew the States would only come in as equals, and if they were not allowed to do so, there would he never Federal inn. Did the Powers, when they conferred at Berlin or Paris, each demand representation according to their population. Mr. Reid said lie would be prepared to go into the Federal Council. Ho (Mr. Barton) would oppose this to the hit tor end. It would bo the height of frivolity anil absurdity to go into the Council. He thou said the great old land had appealed to tlicm through Mr. Chamherlaiti, and in her hour of peril they were not to stand by the empire which had always taken them to her motherly bosom, and had promised to aid and defend them to the last drop of her blond and the last coin in her nurse. Thev owed it to their history, their traditions, and tho solidarity of the empire that thev should federate, and let them not naltur or quibble about clauses, or stand shivering on the brink, hut on .'Ird Juno vote for the Conven tion Bill and thus launch into life an Australian n it ion. Tho honourable gentleman concluded his speech amidst loud and continued cheering. A resolution favouring the Convention Bill, moved by Mr. W. Davidson, and seconded by Mr. J. Ukih, was carried almost unanimously/ A vote of thanks to Mr. Baicton, moved by Mr. Jamks Moicoan, was carried, ami Mr. JIarton, in replying, moved a vote of thanks to the Mayor, which was carried by accla mation. Tlie meeting ended with cheers for the Queen, Federation, nnd .Mr. Barton. From r»0 to 70 per cent, saved by having your doctor's prescription dispensed atu. J. Adams'. All drugs are staudariscd according to Pulilic Health Act. Note my address tonruvent eon- fusion : O. J. Adams, Chemist, Maoquurie-st., Dubbo, live doors from Chureh-Ht' Your (Jroeerkecps Wood's Ureal l'opponnint. Cure for Coughs and Colds, 1/0 and. 2/(1. Savk worry and pain from toothache by using 4 Murriimbil.' It allays tho most agonising Kiin in a few minutes. Price, Is, past free, i rom Adams, Chemist, Dubbo. 