\- TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22nd, 1898. We may count the remaining sittings of Parliament this session, almost by hours, and it is by no moans certain at present what the Assembly will have to show for its labors. Most of the time has been taken up with the Land Bill, and it is quite possible, nay, even probable, that tho Legisla tive Council will propose such amend ments in it as will seriously interfere with the integrity of the measure. The Government, at the commence ment of the session, put forth a pro gramme that no one expected to see j j negotiated. But it looked brave, and, 11 for tho time being, satisfied innocent j • people that many social reforms would ' bo inaugurated that were urgently ] needed. \a it is, much proposed i Government business is to he thrown j' overboard, and many private measures j' will share the same fate. Included,, in the latter, probably, is the hill' ] leafing -with the Geelong Market square reserve. To postpone this bill to nest session would in volve the Town Council in some difficulty, and certain loss. At the interview between the Attorney General, and the Mayor of Geelong, the latter undertook that, after the expiration of Mrs Kichardsox's lease of the Market-square buildings, dra matic entertainments should not bo; given in the theatre, pending tlio ■ sanction of Parliament to a bill for the extension of the Council's powers over • the Market-square reserve. The lease i terminates at the end of this J year. If, therefore, the bill bo not' passed through both Houses this ] session, the theatre will have to be indefinitely closed after Christmas to the great prejudice of the Council, and the disappointment of the amusement loving public. In these circumstances, Mr Higoexs will, no doubt, make an effort to induce the Government to deal presently with the bill, which | might be passed through all its stages within an hour. The man Archer, who was hanged yesterday for the murder of his mate at Strathmerton, went to his doom with infinitely more courage than he displayed in fighting for his life when on trial at the Supreme Court. It is another evidence of the wonderful influence of religion upon the mind of man. Hero was this poor wretch abandoned by all the world, it may be said, save one sympathetic clergy man, who devoted every hour to "comforting him with those promises of redemption which our Christian code tells ns are extended to the vilest of God's creatures. There can be no nobler act in a man than to associate himself constantly like this in a prison cell with a dastardly murderer for many days before execution, with the object of bringing him to repentance, in ducing him to confess bis crime, and so justify the finding of his judges. The Rev. Mr Elliott, in this matter, proved himself to be a worthy dis ciple of the great Master. He even improvised a test to make it apply personally to the con demned man on the way to the scaffold, and, although some straight laced pietists may take exception to this, it would be easy to justify such a1 departure from established rule. Many persons, no doubt, will find it hard to reconcile the late repentance of Abcher with the final administra tion of the Sacrament to him, and will ask where'is the spiritual reward for those who have consistently led a good life, when a man may lead a \bad one, and wind it up with murder, to stand upon the same pedestal of salvation with them ? Such points are beyond the pale of argument. They are matters of faith, and are covered by certain formularies of the Church of England, of which Arohek's spiritual adviser is a mem I ber. In the prayers for the visitation of the sick, for example, where the dying man is exhorted to confess his sins, and having done so, the clergy man may pronounce his pardon in these words, " And by His authority committed to m61 absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Rather, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Under such teaching, and influence, Arches went to his doom a self-confessed repentant, and religiously satisfied man, whereas he might otherwise have left behind him some lingering doubt as to his guilt, which would have been painful alike to judEe. jury, t>x«oniivo. 