JUasIuI riM By Mks. G. Sheldon, Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels." CHAPTER XL1V. FUUTHEll EXFLAI7ATIOXS BETWEEK JIOIHEK AND DAUGHTER. "It was very, very strange that you should have drifted into his home in such a way?" Mrs Stewart observed, when E-Uch's narrative was ended. " But, d--:ir. 1 am not sorry— it was perhaps the b-at" thing that could have happened, tT'ider the oireumstanccB, for it afforded you an opportunity to gain an insight into the man's" character without having been previously influenced or prejudiced by any one. If you had never met him, you might have imagined, after hearing my story, that I was more bitter and unfor giving toward him than he justly merited. " He must have reooguised you instantly when you entered Mrs Wallace's drawing- room to-day," said Edith, musingly; "lor, did you notice how strangely he locked when Mrs Baldwin called me Miss Ad.-indaie, and you came to me so . eagerly?" ' 1 Yes ; the relationship you bear to us both must have flashed upon liim with as great a shock as upon me," Mrs Stewart returned. "And how perfectly wretched he ap peared when ho came to tho reception- room door to give mo the letter," Edith remarked, musingly, as that whito pained face arose before her mind's eye. " Can you wonder, dear ? How could lie help being appalled when he remem bered the treatment you had received while you were a member of his family ?" "It all seems very wonderful !" said the fair eirl, thoughtfully, " and the fact of y.,ur being in the house at the same time, seems strangest of all 1" " It was a very bold thing to do, 1 admit," responded Mrs Stewart ; " but the case demanded some risk on my part — I was determined to get hold of that certificate, if it was in existence. 1 thought it better to employ strategy, rather than come into open controversy with them, as I wished to avoid all pub licity if possible. 1 firmly believe that, if Anna Corroili had suspected that I was still alive, she would have destroyed the document rather than allow it to come into my possession." "But you could have proved your marriage through Mr Forsyth, oven if she had," Edith interposed. " Yes ; but it would have caused a terrible scandal, for Mr Goddard would have had to' answer to the charge of bigamy : while the publicity I should have had to endure would have been exceedingly disagreeable to me. If, how ever, I had failed in my plans I should not have hesitated to adopt bold measures — for I was determined, for your sake as well as my own, to have proof that I was a legal wife and my child entitled to bear the name of- her father, even though he might be unworthy of her respect." " How did you happen to discover where the certificate wa3 concealed ?" J dith inquired. " Do you remember, dear, the day when you came upon me, sitting faint and weary on the hack stairs, and insisted that I should exchange work with you?" her companion questioned, with a fond smile. " Yes. indeed, but I little thought that it was my own mother who was so worn out by performing sneh unaccustomed labor," the young girl responded, as she raised the hand she was holding and touched her lips softly to it. " Neither of ns had a suspicion of the tie between us," returned Mrs Stewart ; "and yet, from the moment that you entered the house, I experienced an un accountable fondness for yc.u." "And I was immediately impressed that there was something vety mysterious about you — our portly housekeeper," Edith smilingly replied. "Did you ?" "Yes ; for one thing, these hands" — regarding them fondly — "never looked as if they really belonged to portly Mrs Weld, and several times you forgot to speak in your coarse, assumed tones, while that evening when I captured your hideous blue glasses, and looked into these lovely eyes, I was almost snre that you were not the woman you appeared to be." " I remember," said lier mother ; " and I was conscious of your suspicions ; but I did not mind, for my mission in that house was almost ended, and I intended, as soon as I could resume my real character, to renow my acquaintance with you as Mrs Stewart and see if I could not persuade you to leave that uncongenial atmosphere and come to me." " How strange I" murmured Edith. " It was the motherly instinct reaching out after its own," was the tender re sponse. " But, about my finding the certificate : You remember you offored to put the rooms in order if I would sew for you meanwhile ?" "Yes." " Well, that was the time that I learned where that precious paper could be found," and then she proceeded to relate the conversation that she had overheard between Mr and Mrs Goddard ; and how, emboldened by it, she had afterward gone to the room of the latter to find her in the act of examining the very document she wanted. She also told how, later, she had gone by herself to the room and deliberately taken possession of it. She also mentioned tho incident that had occurred on the same day in the dining-room, when Mr Goddard had knocked her glasses off and seemed so dis concerted upon looking into her eyes. " He appeared like one who had sud denly come face to face with some ghost of his nast — as indeed he had," she con- cluded, with a sigh. " I do not see how it can be possible for him to have known one peaceful moment since the day of his desertion of you in Rome," Edith remarked, with a grave, thoughtful face. " I do not think he has," said her mother. " No one can bo really at peace while leading a life of sin and selfish in dulgence. 1 would rather, a thousand times, have lived my life, saddened and overshadowed by a great wrong and a lasting disgrace— as I have believed it to be — than to have exchanged places with either Gerald Goddard or Anna Correlli." "How relieved you mast have been when you met Mr Forsyth and learned that your marriage had been a legal one," Edith observed, while she uttered a sigh T. C. WILL )f gratitude as she realised that thus all eproach had also been removed from her. "Indeed I was, love; but more on vour account than mine. And I imme diately returned to America to prove it, nid then reveal to my dear old friend, Edith, the fact that no stigma rested upon the birth of tho child whom she had so nobly adopted for her own. Poor Edith 1 1 loved her with all my heart," interposed the fair woman, with starting tears. " I wish I might have seen her once more, to bless her, from the depths of my grateful soul, for having so sacredly treasured the jewel that I committed to her care. If I could but have known two years earlier, and found her, she never need have suffered the privations which I am sure hastened her untimely death. You, too, ray darling, would have been spared the wretched experience of which you have told me." "I do not mind so much for myself, but I was in despair sometimes to see how much mamma missed and needed the comforts to which she had always been accustomed," said Edith, the tears rolling over her cheeks as she remembered ths patient sufferer who never murmured, even when she was enduring the pangs of hunger. " Well, dear, do not grieve," said Mrs Stewart, folding her in a fond embrace. " i know, from what you have told me, that you did your utmost to shield her from every ill; and, judging from what you have said regarding the state of her health at the time of Mr Allandale's death, I believe she could not have lived very much longer, even under the most favorable circumstances. Now, my child," she continued, more brightly, and to dis tract the girl's thoughts from the sad past, " since overything is all explained, tell me something about these new friends of whom you have spoken— Mr Bryant, Mrs Morrell, and Sir Raymond." Edith blushed rosily at the mention of her lover's name, and almost involuntarily she slipped her hand into lier pocket and clasped a letter that lay concealed there. " Mr Bryant is the gentleman in whose office I was working at the time of mamma's death,'' she explained, " He, too, was the one who was so kind when I got into trouble with the counterfeit gold piece, and so it was to him 1 applied for advice, after escapmg from Emil Oor- relli." " Ah 1" simply remarked Sirs Stewart, but she wa3 quick to observe the shy smile that hcvered about the beauti ful girl's mouth while she was speaking of Roy. " I telegraphed him to meet me when I should arrive in New York," Edith resumed, " because I knew it would be late, and I did not know where it would be best for me to go. He did so, and took mo directly to his oousin, and that is how I happened to be with Sire Slorrell." Sirs Stewart put one taper finger beneath Edith's pretty, round ohin, and gently lifting her downcast face, looked searchingly into her eyes. " Darling, you are very fond of Sir Bryant, are you not ?'' she softly questioned. Instantly the fair face was dyedcrimson, and, dropping her head upon her mother's shoulder, she murmured : " How can I help it ?" " And is he going to win my daughter from me ? I hope he is worthy." " Oh, he is noble to the core of his heart," was the earnest reply. I believe he must be, my dear, or you could not love him," smilingly returned her companion, adding ; " At all events, he has been very kind and faithful to you. and therefore deserves my e\erlasting gratitude. Now tell me of this Mr Ray mond." So Edith proceeded to relate the Btory of that gentleman's unfortunate love for and devotion to Sirs Allandalo ; his recent quest for her, after learning of Sir Allan- dale's misfortune and death, in order to leave liis money to her ; and how, after learning from Roy that she had died, he had then advertised for herself, and, since her return to New York, had settled the half of his fortune upon her. " Really, it is like a roraaneo, dear," said Sirs Stewart, smiling, though some what sadly, when she concluded her pathetic tale. " To think that, after all I should find my little girl an heiress in her own right I sVhat a rich little body you will be by and by, when you also come in possession of your mother's inheritance," she added, lightly. " Oh, pray do not suggest such a thought 1" cried Edith, clinging to her. ' All the wealth of the world could not make up to me the I0&3 of my mother. Now that we have found each other, pray Heaven that we may be spared many, many years to enjoy our happiness." "Forgive me, Edith — I should not have spoken like that," Baid Sirs Stewart, bending forward to kiss the sweet, pained face beside her. " We will not begin to apprehend a parting in this first hour of our joy. Now I suppose wo ought to consider what relationship we are going to sustain to each other in the future, before the world. Of course, neither of us would enjoy the notoriety which a true statement of our affairs would entail ; at the same time, having found you, my darling, I feel that I can never allow you to call me anything but ' mother ' — which is music to my hungry ears." "No, indeed — I can never be denied the privilege of owning you," cried Edith earnestly. " Well, then, suppose you submit to a second adoption?" Mrs Stewart sug gested. "It will be very easy, and perfectly truthful, to state that, having been a dear friend of Mrs Allendale's youth and returning from abroad to find you alone in the world, I solicited tho privilege of adopting the child of my old schoolmate and providing for her future. Such an arrangement would appear perfectly natural to the world, and no one could criticise us for loving each other just has tenderly as we choose, or question your right to give me the title I deserve. What do you say dear ?" " I think the plan a very nice one, and agree to it with all my heart," Edith eagerly responded. " Then we will proceed to carry it out immediately for I am very impatient to set up an establishment of my own, and introduce my darling daughter to society," smilingly returned Mrs Stewart ; adding as she observed her somewhat curiously, " Are you fond of society and gay life, Edith ?" "Y-es, to a certain extent," was the rather thoughtful reply. "How am I to interpret that slightly indefinite remark ?" Mrs Stewart play fully enquired. " Most girls are only too eager for fashionable life." " And I used to enjoy it exceedingly," said the young girl, gravely, "but I have had an opportunity to Bee the other side during the last two years, and my ideas regarding what constitutes true enjoy ment and happiness have become some what modified. I am sure that I shall still enjoy refined society ; but, mother, dear, if your means are so ample, and if you intend to set up an establishment of your own, let ns, at the outset, take a stand in the social world that no one can mistake, and maintain it most rigidly." " A stand,' Edith 1 1 don't quite clearly comprehend your meaning." said Mrs Stewart, as she paused an instant. "I mean regarding the people with whom we will and will not mingle. Have you ever heard of Paula Nelson, mother ?" "Yes, dear ; I met her only a few evenings ago, at the house of Mrs Ray mond Ventnor ; she is a noble woman, with a noble mission. I begin to compre hend you now, Edith." " Then let us join her, heart and hand — let us take our stand for chastity and morality," Edith earnestly -resumed. " Let us pledge ourselves never to admit within our doors any man who bears the reputation of being' immoral, or who lightly esteems the purity of any woman, however humble ; while, on the other hand, let us never refuse to hold out a helping hand to those poor, unfortunate girls who, having once been deceived, honestly desire to rise above their mis take. ' That is bravely spoken, my noble Elith," said Mrs Stewart, with dewy eyes. " And surely I, who have so much greater cause for taking such a stand than you, will second you most heartily in maintaining it in our future home. I be lieve that such a determination on the part of every pure woman would Boon make a radical change in the tone of society." Both were silent for a few moments after this, but finally Edith turned to her companion and enquired : " Mother, dear, where is Mr Willari Livermore — the gentleman who rescued you from the Tiber— and his sister, also, who cared for you so faithfully during your long illness ?" "Alice Livermore is in Philadelphia, where she has long been practicing medi cine for sweet charity's sake.. Mr Liver more is — here is New York," Mrs Stewart responded, but flushing slightly as she spoke the name of the gentleman. Something in her tone caused Edith to . glance up curiously into her face, and she , read there, in the lovely flush and tender i eye, that which told her that her mother I regarded her deliverer with a sentiment ! far stronger and deeper than that of mere gratitude or admiration. 'Ah I you " she began, impul sively, and then stopped, confused. " Yee, love," confessed the beautiful woman, with shining eyes, " I will have no secrets from you — we both love each other with an everlasting love ; for long years this has been so ; and, had we been sure that there existed no obstacle to our union, it is probable that I should have married Mr Lirermore long ago. But we both believe in the Bible ritual, and those words, ' until death doth part,' have been a barrier which neither of us was willing' to overleap. Each knows the heart of the other ; and, though it some times seems hard that our lives must be divided, when our taBtes are so conge nial in every particular, yet we have mutually decided that only as ' friends ' have we the right to clasp hands and greet each other in this world." Edith put up her lips and softly kissed the flushed cheek nearest her. " How L love and honor you !" she whispered. " Wo will never speak about this again, if you please, dear," said Isabel Stewart, in a slightly tremulous tone. " I wished you to know the truth, but I cannot talk about it. I do not deny the affection ; that is something over which I have no control ; bnt I can at least say ' thus far and no farther,' for the sake of conscience and self-respect. Now, about that letter which was handed you to day," she continued, suddenly changing the subject. "Suppose we look over it again, and then I think it Bhould go directly into the hands of Mr Bryant." She had hardly finished speaking when there came a knock upon hor door. Rising, she opened it, to find a servant standing without and waiting to deliver a card that lay upon a silver salver. Mrs Stewart took it and read the name of Koyal Bryant, together with the fol lowing lines, written in pencil : " Will Mrs Stewart kindly excuse this seeming intrusion of a stranger? but I understand that Miss AUandale is with you, and it is necessaay that I have a few moments' conversation with her. R. B." "Show the gentleman up," the lady quietly remarked to the servant, then stepped back into the room and passed the card to Edith. The young girl's eyes lighted with sud den joy, and the quick color flushed her cheeks, betraying how even the sight of Roy's name and handwriting had power to move her. A few moments later there came an other tap to tell her that her dear one was awaiting admittance, and she herself went to receive him. " Roy ! I am so glad you have come 1" she exclaimed, holding out both hands to him, her face radiant with happiness. CHAPTER XLV. "my dablino, you abb free 1— tree as the air you breathe !" Tho young man regarded her with astonishment, for she had never greeted him like that before. She had, instead, to his keen regret, always repelled any familiarity upon his part, and seemed to shrink from even the slightest caress with almost an appearance of guilt. Now, of her own free-will, she greeted him with a glad freedom such as only a betrothed maiden would feel permissible, and which, while it surprised him, thrilled him with delight. Edith saw his look and met it with a blush, accompanied my a mysterious Bmile. She took his hat, and then led him directly to Mrs Stewart. "Roy, you will bo astonished," she remarked, " but my first duty is to in troduce you to — my mother." With a look of blank amazement, the young man mechanically put out his hand to greet the beautiful woman who approached and graciously welcomed him. " That waB rather an abrupt and startling announcement. Mr Bryant," she smilingly remarked, to cover bis con fusion ; " but pray be seated and we will soon explain the mysterious situation." " Pardon my bewilderment," said the young man, as he bowed over her ex tended hand ; " but really ladies, I am free to confess that you hare almost taken my breath away." "Then you will know how to sympathise with us," cried Edith, with a silvery little laugh that was sweetest music to him, " for we have both been in tho same condition during the last few hours." " Indeed ! Then I must say you look very bright for a person who has not breathed for 'hours,' " he retorted as he began to recover himself. " Well, figuratively speaking, our respiration has been retarded many times, daring a shoit interval, by the strangest developments imaginable.' Edith ex plained. " But how did you trace me to the Waldorf?" "I had something important to tell you, so ran up to Nellie's to see you, but was told that yon had accompanied Mrs Stewart thither," Roy explained. "I hope, however, I shall be pardoned for interrupting your interview," he con cluded, with an apologetic glance at the elder lady. "Certainly ; and strange to say, we were speaking of you almoBt at the moment that your card was brought to us," she returned. " Edith has had an important communication handed her to-day, which I thought you ought to have, since you are her attorney, without any unnecessary delay." " Oh ! it is most wonderful, Roy. This is it," said the young girl, producing lit from her pocket. "But first I must I tell you that in Mrs Stewart I have diB- IGINIA. Celebrated covered mamma's old friend - tho writer of those letters of which I told you She did not die in Rome, as was feared." " Can that be possible "" exclaimed Mr Bryant. " Yes, dear. It is a long story, and I cannot Btop to tell it all now," Edith went on, eagerly, thrilling her lover's heart with secret joy and a freah surprise with the almost unconscious nse of that- affec tionate term, " but I must explain that she has discovered an important docu ment that proves what makes me the happiest girl in New York to-day. We met at Mrs Wallace's this afternoon, where some one addressed me as Miss Allandale, when she instantly knew that I must be her child. Isn't it too wonder ful to seem true ? Oh, Roy 1 I have never dared to even dream that I could be as happy as I am at this moment I" She certainly made a lovely picture, in her innocent joy, as she stood outlined against the rich lace draperies, of the window, with the afternoon sun stream ing in behind her, and falling caressingly upon her golden-crowned head, while her radiant face and gleaming eyes were most alluring to the adoring lover watch ing hor. Still, this wonderful revelation regard ing the discovery of her honorable birth, did not Beem to him quite sufficient to cause such excessive lightheadedness as sho was manifesting, or to make her forget so entirely the resolve she had hitherto invariably displayed toward him. But he wa3 too happy, himself, to see her thus, to question, for the moment regarding the " whys " and " wherefores " that produced thi3 delightful change in her. He simply expressed his pleasure in learning of this happiness, and congratu lated both mother and daughter moat heartily upon their remarkable re-union. After cnatting a little longer over the wonderful revelations, he suddenly re membered the " important communica tion " which Mrs Stewart bad mentioned, and which he surmised was contained in the letter which Edith was still holding in her hands. " What was the matter of business that you felt needed early consideration ?" he inquired, as his glance fell upon the missive. Instantly Edith's face was suffused with blushes, and Mrs Stewart, thinking it wouid be wise to leave the lovers aiuce during the forthcoming explanation, excused herself and quietly slipped into an adjoining room. Edith immediately went to the young man's sile and gave hsr letter to him. " This iB even more wonderful than what I have already told you," she gravely remarked, while, as he took it, he was startled to feel that she was trembling violently. " Read it," she added ; " it will explain itself better than any words of mine can do." Marvelling at her' words and manner, he drew the contents from the envelope, and began at once to read the following confession — " For the sake of performing one right act in my life, I wish to make the follow ing statement, namely : I hereby declare that the marriage of my brother, Emil Correlli, to Miss Edith Allen, who, for several weeks, has acted as my companion, was not a legal ceremony, inasmuch as it was accomplished solely by fraud and treachery. Alias Allen was tricked into it by being ovorporsuaded to personate a supposed character in a play, entiled ' A Masked Bridal ' The play was written and acted before a large audience for the sole purpose of deceiving Miss Allen and making her the wife of my brother, whom she had absolutely re fused to marry, but who was determined to carry his point at all hazards. Motives of affection for him, and of jealously, on account of my husband's apparent fond ness for the girl, alone prompted mo to aid him in his bold design. I hereby declare again that it was all a trick, from begin ning to end, and it was only by my indomitable wili, and by working upon Miss Allen's sympathies, that I was enabled to carry out my purpose." (Then followed a detailed acoount of tho plot of the play and its concluding ceremony, after which tho document closed as follows) : "Ian impressed that I have not long to live , and wishing, if it can be done, to right this great wrong, and make it possible for the proper official to declare Miss Allen freed from her bonds, make this confession of a fraud that weighB too heavy upon my conscience to be borne. "Anna Correuli Goddard." The above was dated the day previous to that of madame's death, and under- neath she had appended a few lines to Air Goddard, stating that she knew tnat he was in sympathy with Edith ; there fore she should leave the epistle with her lawyer, to be given to him, in the event of her death, and she enjoined him to see that justice was done the girl whom she had iujured. This was the missive that the lawyer had passed toMrGoddard at the same time that he had read the woman's will in the presence of her husband and Emil Correlli, and over which, as wo have seen, he afterwards became so strangely agitated. We know how he had hurriedly removed from his former elegant home to a habita tion in another street ; after which, instead of going abroad, as the papers had stated, he had gone directly to New York, upon the same quest as Emil Correlli, but with a very different purpose in view that of giving to Edith the precious document that was to declare her free from the man whom she loathed. He could get no trace of her, however ; unlike Correlli, he had no knowledge of her acquaintance with Royal Bryant, and therefore all he could do was to carry the letter about with him, wherever he went, in tho hope of some day meeting her in the street or elsewhere. One day he went out to Central Park, when he suddenly came upon a former friend — Mrs Wallace — who immediately announced to him her intention of arranging a charitable art exhibition and soliciting contributions from him in aid of her good work. Thus the appearance of that bit of old " Roman Wall " is accounted for, as woll as the presence of Mr Goddard himself, who was particularly requested by Mrs Wallace to honor the occasion, and allow her to introduce him to some of her friends. It would be difficult to describe the terrible shock which the man sustainod when he heard Edith addressed by and respond to the name — Alias Allandale. Like a flash of light it was revealed to bim that the beautiful girl was his own daughter — that, in her, he had, for months, .been "entertaining an angel unawares," but only to abuse his privilege in a way to reap her lasting contempt and aversion. This blighting knowledge was followed by a sense of sickening despair and misery, when, almost at the same moment, he saw Isabel Stewart start for ward to claim her child and lead her from the room, when he knew she must learn the wretched truth regarding his life of selfishness and sin. "The way of the transgressor iB hard." It was a text that, when a child, he had learned at his mother's knee, and it was forced upon his mind at this moment with terrible significance. It seemed to him as if he had suddenly- become an alien and an outcast— a feeling of loneliness and desolation settled over him, making the future appear like a bleak and barren moor, where he must aimlessly wander alone for all time. "Society," it is true, might still wel come him with smileB and open arms — he could continue to mingle with the world : and, even though it might know the very worst of him, it would still pet and fawn upon him, because of his hand some face and form, his distinguished manners, and the fact that he was en titled to write "A.B." and "A.R. A." after his name. Tobaccoes— " Victory," But all this afforded him no satisfaction at that moment, Binoe all that he now regarded as most desirable in life was denied him — since he must be forever barred out of the hearts and presence of those two lovely women for whose love and respect he would now gladly have bartered years of his life. As they disappeared from sight he sank back behind the easel that supported his Homan picture, groaning in spirit with remorse and humiliation. A little later he Btole unseen from the room, and, crossing the hall, opened the door of the reception-room, which he had seen Edith and her mother enter. He had determined to give the yonng girl the letter that would serve to release her from her hateful fetters; he would, perhaps, experience some comfort in the thought that he had rendered her this one simple service that would bring her happiness ; then he would go away — hide himself and his misery from all who knew him, and live out hiB . future to what purpose he could. We know how he carried out his resolve regarding the confession of Anna Correlli ; and the picture which met his eye, as he opened that door and looked upon the mother and daughter clasped in each other's arms, was one that haunted his memory during the remainder of his life. (Tj tie Continued). 