? THE CHURCH. CHURCH NEWS. he Rev. Joseph King was ordained est by Cardinal Moran in St. Mary's man Catholic Cathedral,. Sydney, on dnesday, 29th June. Father King is to our in Melbourne. he Rev. Arthur Killworth, B.A., LL.B., e of Kogarah, New South Wales, has n inductcd as incumbent of St. Mary's glican Church, West Maitland, by Dr. nton, Bishop of Newcastle. n Sunday, in St. Kilian's pro-Cathedral, ndigo, Dr. Murray, of Echuca, was con rated . Bishop and Vicar Apostolic of ortli Queensland, in succession to the .e Bishop Hutchinson. Dr. Crane, Bishop Sandhurst, and priests from all parts of c dioccse and from other parts of the louy, were present. Dr. Corbett, ishop of Sale, conducted the ceremony, d the sermo^ wa$ preached by the Rev. ther O'Farrell,, of Ballarat. The Rev. W, R. Hiddlestone, of North 'dney, is secretary of the New South rales Baptist Home Mission committee in e place of the Rev. H. Clarke, removed Tasmania. Dr. E. Maynard Pain, one of the medical aff of the Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney, as offered his services to the Church Mis "onavy Society for foreign work as a medi 1 missionary. Dr. Pain is a son of Canon ain, of St. John's, Darlinghuift, and in is final medical examinations at the Syd ey University obtaiued honours and anked second in his year. Another offer for foreign mission work connection with the Church Missionary ociety in New South Wales has been made y Miss Ethel Blanche Clark, who four ears ago entered Prince Alfred Hospital r training as a nurse with a view to work the mission-field. She is, it is said, en ged to be married to Dr. Pain, and the_ mmittee hope to send them out as man d wife. The Rev. C. H. Waller, D.D., principal f the London College of Divinity, preached Holy Trinity Church, East Melbourne, n Sunday morning. Dr. Waller is travel ing for the benefit of his health, and is the est of the Biahop of Melbourne. Bishop Lenilian, of New Zealand, on a ecent visit to Mangawhare, a suburb of argaville, was presented with an address nd purse of sovereigns by the Roman atholics of Dargaville and the surrounding istriets, and at Oparrake all the Austria us the district waited on him with a pre entation. The Rev. W. Morley, of Samoa, is visit g New South Wales on furlough. He is ngaged to be married to Miss Lucy $hort, f Granville, and after the wedding will turn to Samoa with his wife. It is now asserted that the first Presby rian minister who preached in the Otago rovince, New Zealand, was not the Rev. r. Burns, as stated in the Jubilee volume, ut the late Rev. T. N. Nicholson, the first stor of Trinity Presbyterian Church, felson, whose aiary records that he reachcd at Port/Chalmers on April 9, 48, and that he welcomed Dr. Burns on at clergyman's arrival in the province. The Tongan correspondent of the "Fiji iiues" wi'ites that tne Rev. S. W. Baker, uring a visit in May, was desirous of beiug ppointed as a Free Church minister at ifuka, but the influence from Nukualofa as so powerful against the appointment of second white minister for the Free Church hat Mr. Baker was again disappointed, and eturned to Auckland "greatly discom orted." Befoi'e hid departure he served he Premier with notice of a claim for 8,000 dollars, as due to his son and aughter, who were injured at the time of lr. Baker's attempted assassination years go. Parliament agreed to pay an an uity of £50 each to them, but oil Mr. aker's deportation the allowances ceased. The Rev. Dr. Sellors, one of the leading .Vesleyan ministers in New South Wales, "ntends visiting England next year. Since his return to England from South Australia, the Rev. J. Day Thompson, Primitive Methodist- minister, has' . been "besieged with applications for his services as a preacher." Among, the. places that he arranged to visit were Harrogate, J&1> row, South Shields, and Newcastle. . .. At a meeting of the directors of the, London Missionary Society/ held in Lon don, the Rev. A. J?earse,: pf New Guinea, now on a visit to England, was introduced, with other missionaries,', by the Rev;; Dr, Wardlaw Thompson, and spoke of the work in his district. . ' . ; The Anglican Dean of Sydriey, the Vevy Rev. W. Cowper, celebrated the &th;'anm versary of his birthday on Sunday, ahd re-' ceived many messages of £ongtatulation and affection. : V "Archbishop O'Reilly," says, tjie "Southern Cross," a Roman Catholic jour nal in Adelaide, "was born on November 19, 1846, so that he will be 52 years of age next birthday. The popular prelate ar rived in Western Australia in 1870, and: made his mark veiy early in his. priestly career. The Archbishop has had a lengthy experience as a journalist. For 16 or' 17 years he wrote interimttingly foreTO 'W-A. j Record,' and for the last four or five" years of that term he was editor, printer, 1 and publisher of that journal." Mrs. Watkin, widow of the Rev. James Watkin (one of the early Wesleyan minis ters in Australasia), and mother of the Rev. Dr. Watkin, of Melbourne, celebrated the 91st anniversary of her birthday on 27th June. She resides in Sydney, and is 6till "extraordinarily active, ana enjoys, splendid health." ' . | A-correspondent ofthe"Christian World" j (London) writes of.a .serviceconducted by | the Rev: Dr. Newman Hall. ton the 82pd anniversary of his birthday. "Not the least, interesting feature of the service" was the1 large-number of poorpeople .who lin<sd the steps of the church to wish the doctor good bye.", - ; ^ : Canon Berry is recovering' his health, and hopes to be able to resume work before the end of this month. Commandant Booth, of the Salvation Army, who was reported as ill of dengue fever in Queensland, and Mrs. Booth, whose severe attack of peritonitis caused her friends much anxiety, are both progress ing favourably. The Rev. C. D. De Castro, of Wellington, New Zealand, died on the 23rd June, in the 67th year of his age. He arrived in New Zealand more .than 40 years ago, and after Borne time spent in the Government civil service was ordained - a clergyman of the Church of England in 1875. At St; Peter's, Wellington, he did effective work, but lately, on account of ill-health, was com peted to cease froga active duty, c* he bronze statue of the late Rev. Dr. (Stuart,; for many years qrinister of Knox rresbvterian iDhurch, Dunedin, which was unveiled on the 22na ult., was designed by Mr. W, Leslie Morrison, of Wellington, and cast by W. More, of Loudon. An elegant grand piano has been pre* sented to the Northcote Presbyterian Church by the Presbyterian Christian Girls' Friendly Association. Last year the asso ciation presented the church with. £20 to pay off the remaining debt on the new school hall. j The interior o£ St. Peter's Anglican Church, Ballarat, has been thoroughly reno vated at a cost of over £100. The reopen ing services were helu last week, the Dean of Ballarat preaching a special sermon in the evening. In the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales, 30 charges pay their minister £300 and upwards yearly, 10 pay from £250 to £300, 41 from £200 to £250, and 37 under £200, and some of these 37 do not provide a manse. Archdeacon Langley will preside at the Church of England Convention for the; deepening of spiritual life, to be held in St. i Columb's parisn hall, Hawthorn, on August 2 and 5, and tie appointed speakers are the Bishop of Melbourne, the Dean of Mel bourne, Revs. J. Southcy, T. B. Tress, W. G. Hindley, II. Collier, W. A. Phillips,: S. C. Kent, J. B. Gason, W. T. C. S to ITS, Jas. Watson, E. J Barnett, and.Miss Jiryer, of China, and Mi«s Dig by, of India. A Christian Convention, under the direc tion of the promoters of the Geelong Annual Convention, was opened on Monday in the Independent Church, Collins- street, -and continued on the following day. Addresses were given by several ministers and lay men. " - The Rev. John Watsford, one of the' speakers at the convention, does not be lieve in many of the modern methods of attracting people to church. There is, he contends, too much advertising of sermons on'outlandish subjects; and employment of noted preachers and prominent singers as a draw, and too little zeal and earnestness and of the power of the Holy Ghost. In words "tremulous with emotion''" he asked his hearers to come into closer harmony with the" Christianity of Apostolic days. "Can We Federate with Protestantsis the title of an article in the last number of "The Mitre" (Melbourne). In this article the writer pets forth "sdme of the more important points (16 of them) in which Protestants err from the Catholic doc trine about the church," these being -suf ficient. in his opinion, "to show that to join tlieir ranks means to lose the higher unity of the one Holy Catholic Church." No. 14 of the points of difference is thus stated:-"The Church teaches that 'the body and blood of Christ are verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful' in the Holy Communion (Catechism). Pro testants deny the real presence of Christ in the Sacrament." The mission vessel Southern Cross has arrived at Norfolk Island, after a satisfac- tory round of visits to the stations of the Melanesian mission. At Siota, the mission station in the Solomon Islands, matters are reported to be improving. The special thanksgiving fund started by the Primitive Methodist Church in Great Britain two 01* three years ago has reached a total-of £45,000, and it has been decided to close the fund at an early date. r In a letter to the Bishop of L/ondon, the vicars of St. Albans, Holborn; St. Cutli bert's, Kensington; St. Peter's, London Docks; and St. Michael's, Shoreditch, state that "in the abstract" they admit the principles affirmed in the resolutions passed | at Canon Carter's conference of the clergy in London, recognising the full authority | of the Bishop to prohibit any service not contained in the Book of Common Prayer, and the full authority of the Bishop to prohibit any omissions from or additions to the services contained in the Book oi Common Prayer. At the same time, the four vicars declare that in the face of the methods employed to disturb services in their churches they cannot consent to have even the appearance of parleying with tlio3e who have chosen such means of agitation, and they therefore deprecate his lordship's intervention, and a discussion of their reasons for not attending Canon Carter's meeting, until these pro ceedings have been definitely abandoned. Mr. Charles Salter, of The Avenue, Wind sor, is far from being an admirer of the Salvation Army. Iu the latest of many let ters to the Prahran Council protesting against the Sunday procession of the Army through . his street, he writes:-"The thoroughfarc..\vas made a temporary pande monium by the Army. They not only went through their usual grotesque marching, but came and worshipped (I suppose) several times, and although the. council, in its wis-: dom and desire to promote the propagation of the religion of this particular sect, bas' still permitted them to monopolise the streets for marching purposes, I trust they have not gone so far as to allow them to halt and hold services, as they do close <to my house and elsewhere, it being ap parently a portion of their sectarian religion to annoy peaceable persons who do not agree with them." A very successful united evangelistic mis sion was conducted in the Criterion Theatre last week by ministers of various Protest&nt; denominations; The Sydney "Daily Tele graph" says:-"The mixed character of the audiences has been a subject for comment. The class of ordinary well-dressed church going people-has been well represented, b\it there have beeu large numbers of men of whom it could safely be affirmed that they have not seen a decent suit of clothes for years, or the inside of a church for a longer period. This is~all the more surprising when it is remembered that there has been no itinerating evangelist, with huge advertise ment to attract the crowds. All the ad dresses have been given by city ministers, and it is not too much to say that the work could not have been done better by any special importation, carriage paid. All the evening addresses have been of a high order, and that they have told with considerable "force has been demonstrated by the number of inquirers at each Bervice/' A question of precedence is exciting some of the churches in South Africa. On the one hand it is claimed that the head of the Episcopal Church of South Africa, who at the Lambeth Conference \yas raised to the dignity of archbishop, "stands in the same relative position to the temporal power as the Archbishop of Canterbury, ana as such and as a prince of the church.takes rank next to the Governor, and in" all. public functions takes precedence over the com-:" manderof Her Majesty's "forces and the ad miral," On the other hand, a Cape T<?wn minister of the Dutch Reformed Churcfr, which, has more than double tlie number of the adherents of the Episqopal Church,, de clares that should the archbishop again "take his seat near the Governor and nefct to the members of the' Cabinet whpn the Governor has hiB levee, the Governor must not be surprised not to seS a single Dutch Reformed minister at Government-house in future, for Dutch Reformed ministers de-, dine £0 be received by the English arch bishop as bis inferiors/* *: *1 . ? ' 