Gregra. A TOUCHING MEMORIAL SERVICE. The memorial service of the late Miss E J. Sharp ess was held in Gregra Baptist Church on Sunday, December 4th. The draping was simple and taste ful, the congregation exhausted the capacity of the building and grouped outside. The service was a very impressive one - the youthfulness and kindly disposition of the departed having created a profound feeling of sympathy, a deep reverent solemnity was felt from the commencement. Mr. Stitt officiated, and was assisted by Messrs. G. W. Griffith and F. Goodman. The preacher read as lesson Luke 9— 18— 36 and took as his text part of Ver. 8 Mark 9th chap. 'Jesus Only.' Quoting from the Rev. Joseph Cook's "Boston Monday Lectures' he related how, one day Goethe, tho poet, in his advanced age was riding home, and conversing with his friend Ecker- mann, on the immortality of the soul. They stopped at a spot where they had a majestic view, of the setting sun. The great poet and philosopher remained in perfect silence for many minutes, at last saying. ''Setting, nevertheless, the sun is always the same sun.' This great poet and philosopher's conclusion in view of their conversation was, ' Setting, nevertheless, the soul is always the same soul.' The preacher spoke at some length upon the spirit apart from the body in their joint experi ences, arguing that it is the Spirit which feels and knows, realises pain, hunger, and thirst, heat, and cold, has sensations of comfort, or distress, annoy ance, or pleasure. That after these sensations are past the body cannot respond to any questions we may put however recent or remote the experience of pain may be. In science and for business purposes, delicate machinery or instruments were used for receiving and registering the sensations or quiver ings carried along their telegraphic lines, and so the human body was fitted with a mechanism to receive and register all that passed in these sensitive tene ments. Supporting his argument by another quota tion from Rer. Joseph Cook — ' In every leaf on the summer boughs there is a network whioh may be dissolved out of the verdant portion, and yet retain as a ghost the shape which it gave the leaf from which it came. In every human form, network lies within network. Each web of organs, if taken separately, would have a form like that of man — the muscular portion, the veins, or the arteries, each would show the human shape, If the nerves could be dissolved out and held up here, they would be a white form coinci- dent everywhere with the mysterious human phy sical outline. But the invisible nervous force is more ethereal than this ghosb of nerves — the soul — which death loaves free before God for all the development with which God can inspire it. Ex ception might be taken to what some would per haps call a lecture on anatomy, but if we look at the epistle to the Colossians we find the writer tel ling those to whom he wrote that the Lord Jesus Christ was the Creator. In Genesis we are told that ' God said,' and it ' was done and in his Gospel the beloved of the disciple tells us ' the Word was God.' God used language— not like man, Who often used it to hide thought — to express thought. Behind the ' Word' was the thought, and behind the thought was the heart of God. Creation was the expression of His thought. Jesus Christ was the expression, of His thought. Our text says ' Jesus only.' And in turning to Reve lation we find the Lord Jesus calling Himself the first and the last, the Alpha and Omega, the A and Z. and all the letters in between. Moses represented the law, and some people thought they oould be saved by the moral rectitude of their life— paying 20s to the £, being a good neighbour, eto. But we are not to look to Moses. He has done his work and gone away. We are to learn from him, and would to God we could all keep the ten commandments in their inner meaning as interpreted by Jesus in His Sermon on the Mount. But the law by Moses is the schoolmaster to bring us to Christ — ' Jesus only.' Elijah represented the prophets. He too had done his work : contributed to the light and knowledge in which we live. But a knowledge of prophesy would not save. These go to make, room for Christ — ' Jesus only.' Peter and James and John were left. Peter might be taken to represent the Church. Christ, on calling him, gave him a new name, ' Peter which means a rock or atone. A little while previous Peter had made the great confession that Jesus was ' The Christ of God,' the 'Messiah,' the ' Anointed One,' a suffering Christ ; and Jesus says upon this rock of truth He will build His church. Some people come to church, join in the singing, and think this attend: ance on the service will save them ; but No!— 'Jesus only.' John might be taken to represent the gospel story, and James a contributor to church history, and both together those who had suffered for Christianity. But gospel light or knowledge of church history will not save us — 'Jesus only'. These are to reveal Jesus, to lead to Jesus ; but it must be ' Jesus only.' The preacher referred to the departed as having worshipped there — to her kindly helpful nature. She had been known to walk many miles to render help to those who needed physical assistance, she had left a testimony behind her that for about two years she had been a believer in, and a servant of the Lord Jesus Christ. Whilst I urging the congregation to decide that day for Christ, the preacher pleaded with them to listen to the voice of one whose voice was known to them, had lately joined in the services there, might be considered to have more weight with them now than his could have. She had joined 'the great cloud of witnesses. That her voice backed up his, that she was interested in their salvation. That, three worlds were interested— this world, hell, and heaven. ' Jesus once drew aside the curtain upon the eternal verifies, and showed how a soul in hell was more anxious for his friends on earth than he had been for himself when on earth. The preacher, in a thrilling passage dwelt on tho soul's address to the body on its departure from its late tenement ; apostrophizing a body on one hand as if the soul were charging it with holding it down from heaven and Christ, and affirming its return to carry the body to its share in the punishment of the lost ; and on the other hand a soul on quitting its clay expresses in grateful terms its farewell for a season when it will return that the body may enter in a glorified state into the joys and eternal blessing of the saved. Urging an immediate decision for Christ, the preacher said it made us better as friends and relatives, and again referring to Miss Sharpless spoke of her as being true and kind in her earthly relationship. Being Christian helped, not hindered, in her life; and she had proved a good daughter and a faithful sister. In speaking of how death links us to the unknown verities he told of a clergyman who had taken no interest in the other side of the Murray until a daughter of his got married and went to live on the opposite side of the river, which made that side most wonderfully real to him. The preacher closed his sermon by pleading for a decision to look to ' Jesus only.' The Orange 'Sun' artist has found some gooseberries which are ' 1$ inch long and 1 inoh broad.' Now we want to know how much they meas ure round the waist? : Gamffb ell's Eye Lotion for Sandy o»Fly Blight Sore and Inflamed Eyes and Lids, is unequalled,, Price, Is 6d bottle, -by post 2s. Campbell, Pha r- maoist. Bank-street, Molong. [' - f . , ? 