MAGICAL TRICKS. Like ali the best magical trieks, thia ia ona moat simple. A marked akilliog is borrow large ball of worsted ia brought. Presto! worsted is unwound, and ont falls the mo whioh a mínate before waa in its owner's poole' Here ÍB the eolation :-First, procure a few skei. of thick worsted, next a piece of tin in the shap ot a flat tube, large enough for the coin to para through, and about four inohea long. Now wind the worsted on one end of the tube to a good-sized ball, having a shilling of your own in your right hand. Ton may now show the trick. Place the worsted anywhere ought of sight, aod borrow a marked shilling; and, taking in your left baud, looking at it, and saying, 'It is good,' place tho one in your right hand on the end of the table farthest from the company. Then fetoh the worsted ; while doing so, drop the marked shilling through the tube, pull it out, and wind the worsted a little to conceal the hole. Thoa put the ball into a ! a tumbler, and taking the shilling you left on the table, show it to the oompany (who will imagine it to be the borrowed shilling), Bay ' Presto ! fly ! pass 1' Give the end of the ball to one of the audienoe, request him to unwind it, whioh being done, the money will fall ont to the astonishment ' of all who Bee thia trick of legerdemain. The performer, who on all ocoasionB should endeavour to keep his audience ignorant of what he is going to show, begins by inquiring whioh of the company oas hold a sixpence securely in his hand. He selects one, and bidding him to extend the palm of hts right hand, plaoos the ooin in its oentre, pressing it so hard with the thumb that the impression will be retained for a few seconds. Eegaining the sixpence with his finger and thumb, he mnat jerk his arm up and down two or three times, and at the last movemant of the hand above his head, the exhibitor ahonld adroitly oon oeal the ooin in his hair when bringing the hand down again. And pretending to place the ooin in the palm, whioh must instantly be olosed, the six- pence will seem to have vanished. The delusion may be completed by the operator putting his hat on his head, and after allowing time for conjecture, oommand the coin to appear in your hat, where, by slightly inclining the head and removing the hat, it will, of oonrse, be found and identified by the oompany. The following tricks oarefully performed, will oreated gennine fun at Ohristmas. Take a glass and fasten a small piece of wood aorosa ita month. Turn the glass np and stiok on the wood a bit of candle lighted. Now tako the glass to a basin of water, and push it gently down. The oandle will be seen barning under the water, and may be brought up etill alight. Again, request Borne lady in the party to (1) write on a pieoe of notepaper the names of the three gentlemen she most admires. (2) Burn the paper without lotting any one read the names, but preserving the ashes on a plate. Take the ashes and rob them on the book of your left arm orland, when the name of the fnture huBband appears, with startling distinctness. The names must be previously written on tho baok of your left hand or arm with milk, and held to the fire for is moment, when the writing becomes quito invisible, A few words impressing the fact that tho three names muBt be the gennlae three, if tho matri- monial foreoast is to be aooarate, coupled with ti. little judioious discrimination, will oftoa result in the name you write being coincident with one of tho three ; but falling thia, the inyatury is just as great. _ V_ Another good triok is to get eight nice,round large potatoes, and plaoe them in two rows of fours, eaoh about a foot apart. The game is for two persons to take a teaspoon each, and see who can' pick up their potatoes with the spoon *nd carry them successfully and plaoe them on a chair at the other end of the room first. The potato must not on any aooount be touched with the finger or boot, nor roll np against anything to steady it, but simply lift it in the spoon only. This is au extra- ordinarily amusing triok, even for grown-up people. Has the reader ever tried to remove an egg from one wineglass to another without touching either the eggs or the glasseB ? Place two wine glasses touohing oaoh other in a direot line from you, and in the one nearer to you most be plaoed an egg,x with the smaller end downwards. Then blow with tho mouth, suddenly, sharply and strongly against tho side of the egg, but in a downward direction, when the egg will be Hf tt' ijup, and falling over, will lodgo in the other glass. The following is amusing: Plaoe a pieoe of board (suoh aa the cover of an ordinary olgar box) on the edge of a table,, with one end projecting beyond tho edge so far as just to balance. Then spread a newspaper quite flat over the put of the. board whioh ia resting on the table. It will then be found that even a vory smart flow on the prc jeoting end of tho board will not overact it, although without the paper the slightest touch will over-balanoe it, A very, neat and amusing parlour triok is that ot putting a red-hot oinder on a pocket handker- chief without burning it. This is done by drawing the handkerchief tightly over the caso of a watch, whioh may be either gold or silver, and then / taking a red-hot oinder out of . the fire with a pair of tongs, and placing the oinder on the part of the handkerchief which ia stretohed over the watch case. The cinder may be allowed to remain there till cold, if thought well, without injury to the handkerchief. _____ Here ia a good triok : Get the merry thoughts, or wishing bone, of a fowl, and bore a hole through tho top parts. Then plaoe it on the bridge of yonr nose, and try to put a pieoe of bread through the hole. It will bs found to take a lot of doing. Another bit ot fun ÍB to plaoe a ' beer or wino bottle on the table horizontally. Then place a pieoe of oork about the size of a pea in the neck of the bottle, and try to blow it inside the bottle. _ , Here ÍB another good triok : Plaoe several chairs in a row, and after securing:a confederate, go ont' ot the room. Tour confederate then asks one of the company to sit on any chair she or he pleases, and got up again before you enter. Tour con- federate then calls out (say if tho person has sat on the third ohair) : " John come in "-that is, uses the number of words to correspond with the number of ohairs. Ton enter, and the oompany are surprised to seo you point out the third chair. The following triok ia amusing : Plaoe an ordinary glass tumbler, perfectly dry, on a table : on tho top of it rest an ordinary tea tray, perfectly dry. Take a aheet of ordinary brown paper, warm it in front of the fire, and then rub it briskly between your trouser knees and j aoket sleeve, lay it on the tray, and as Boon as you touch the tray with your finger you will reoeivo a Blight shook, and also eee a bright eleotrio spark. In what tone shonld a ghost always speak '-A tombstone. ' . , "Why is rheumatism like a glutton ?-Beoanse it ottaoks the joints. When may a ohair be said to dislike you ?-When it can't bear you. Why is the letter T like an island ?-Because it is in tho middle of water. If 20 degrees is freezing point, what is squeezing point?-2 in tho shade. When is a chicken's neok like a faotory boll ? Whon it's rnng for dinner. Why is there nothing like loather ?-Because it is the sole support of man. Why is the letter 0 like a little kitten ?-Because it's the beginning of oat. Why does a soalptor _ dio an honest man I BooauBB ho loavos off chiselling. Why does a gardener feel like a debtor 7 Because he owes (hoes) a great deni. When is a volunteer like a working carpenter ? When ho's going to drill. What is, that which works when it plays, and plays when it works ?-A fountain. Why ÍB an Englishman like nineteen shillings 1 Because ho is under a sovereign. What word can bo made out of these four, viz. red nuts and gin ?-Understanding. Why aro young ladieB' faces liko patent medi- cines ?-Because the owners aro continually puffing them. 1 How can you provo that the human heart is wicked ?-Beoause it ÍB always beating and thumping Why IB a postman the likeliest person to lose his way ?-Because ha has to fiad it by tho direc- tions of strangers. Why aro dentists considered the mast dejected persans?-BocauBO they aro always looking down in tho month. Why is a dishonest milkmaid like Pharaoh's daughter ?-Because she gota a prophet (profit) out of the water. What ia the difference between a dead man and a pot boy 7-One carries his beer, and the other's bier carries him. 