The Horsham Times. PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY. 26th Year. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1898. District farmers will act with great uniwisdom if they allow the powerful appeal for the dairying industry made elsewhere by Mr. Thomas Young to go unheeded, and if they fail to act promptly and effectually upon the ex cellent advice that is offered to them. There is, probably, no one who will deny that the dairying industry is one well worth preserving to the district. The only question then to be con sidered is how it can be preserve]. The handicap of the industry in the Wimmera is obviously the shortage of natural herbage that has to be reckoned with at certain times of every. year and that necessarily becomes more for midable in proportion as the season is hot and dry. To remove this haidi; cap would be to ensure the complete success of the industry, whilst to minimise it would be to give the in *dustry such comparative profitableness as to make it a source of very con sideralle wealth, both to those en gaged in its prosecution and to the district. Mr. Young, repeating what has over and over again been urged in these columns, shows how the handi cap may be minimised, if not re moved, and therefore shows how the industry may be permanently estab lished and made reliably profitable. Briefly, this is by insuring against the time of dearth of feed by conserving and storing the surplus of the time of plenty. It is unnecessary here to do more than direct attention to what our contributor has to say in recommenda tion of the conservation of the surplus of the present prodigal growth, both as hay and ensilage. The present season promises to be the most richly produc tive, in crops and grass, that the Wim mera has known for many years past. The unfortunate fact is that there is not in the district nearly sufficient stock to consume the grass with which the country everywhere is covered. Whilst this fact is to be greatly re gretted, it constitutes the opportunity of those who would experiment with the conservation of feed, and in itself it accentuates the necessity for such wise provision against waste, and subsequent and consequent want, being made. The present season is a bountiful one. What the next will be the wisest man in the world is unable even to suggest. The manifest wisdom, nay the manifest duty, of district farmers is to take advantage of the present bountifulness of nature by laying in a store against what may be her future nigardliness. - In any case the neces sary absence of feed at the close of summer, in autumn and early winter has to be provided against. In the way of the making of this provision there is, as has been said, not the slightest difficulty. It should be pos sible for every Wimmera farmer this year to lay by, either as hay or ensilage, or in both forms, sufficient-feed to'last him for at least 12 months-sufficient feed, that is to say, to enable him to make a regular supply of milk to his local creamery for a full year. -4-~- There is only one argument for the dairying industry that need be used here, and it is one. that must appeal powerfully to every farmer. Whilst wheat yields its pounds, shillings and pence return but once a year, dairying is a source of ready money income week in and week out from the let January to the 31st December-that is, of course, if it is made possible to keep up the butter making. The in dustry wisely prosecuted will almost meet -the. household .expenses of the farm, enabling the farmer to pay his store bills weekly or monthly, and making the wheat cheque available when it is received either for the wip ing off of back liabilities, or for the improvement of the property, or for the swelling of the bank balance. It depends upon the attitude now taken up towards it by farmers whether the industry is to be retained or lost to the district. The industry is incar nated in the Horshamn Butter Factory Company. If farmers support the company by regularly supplying milk the factory will remain in operation, and the industry will be saved. If they do not support it the factory must be closed, its splendid plant must be sold, and the industry will be lost, probably for all time. The matter is in the hands of the farmers, who surely are too wise, too mindful of their best interests, to deliberately destroy what should and may be a source of regular and handsome in come. To kill the industry by neglect to support it will amount to economic suicide, against which every, instinct of self preservation must rise in re volt. The Stock Tax was debated at solme length in the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday night on a motion by Mr. McGregor for its abolition. Mr. McGregor was supported by Mr. Kirton, Mr. Bailes, Mr. Hancock and several other protectionists, whilst the tax not unnaturally found supporters in rich graziers like Captain Chirnside and Mr.McAxthur,and, of course, in the redoubtable Mr. Allan Mc Lean. There were, too,weak kneed freetraders fn Mr. Irvine and Mr. McKenzie, who favored the retention of the meat duty on the ground that it should not go in advance of other border imposts. The best passage of the evening was a retort by Mr. Kirton, who made an excellent speech, to Captain Chirn side, who pleaded with all the native eloquence of large vested interest. "The stock tax has improved the herds of the colony" urged the gallant captain." "It has improved the hen. member's pockets" retorted the representative of the miners. The tax was supported by all sorts of cross arguments-because it increased the price of meat, because it reduced the price; because it had benefited the graziers, because it had not benefited them; and so on. It was even seriously urged that to tax ourneighbor's cattle was to further colonial federation. Ultimately the debate was adjourned on the expiry of the time allotted to private mem bers' business. t The plucky and formidable demonstration they recently made having failed to capture the grave and reverend signors of the Legislative Council, the ladies are not yet to be admitted to the enjoyment of the Parliamentary fran chise. The Women's Suffrage Bill came before the Legislative Council on Tuesday, and, for the most part, was becomingly and intelligently debated. It was ably introduced by the Minister of Defence, Mr. M'Culloch, and received valuable support from Sir Frederick Sargood, Mr. Wynne and other members, but the majority of the council was against it, and the Bill, greatly to the grief-to which they gave audible voice-of the ladies who had assembled in great force in the galleries, was rejected. So for this year, at all events, our women must remain voteless. How long the Council, fsiom Tuesday's sitting of which only six members were absent, will defy popular sentiment in this regard itis not easy to say. The shorter the period of defiance the better for the Council. The Bill to establish the Single Vote was introduced the same day, but the task of its consideration was too severe to be essayed on the top of the successful application of the mop to the sea already made, and on the motion of Sir Frederick Sargood, who raised his voice for the unhappily notori ous Thrift Vote, the debate was ad journed for a fortnight. Sir Henry Wrixon, who by the way was a doughty opponent of the entranchisement of women, startled his colleagues by giving notice of his intention to submit a proposal for the enlargement of the basis of the representation of the Council by the institution of a manhood suffrage con stituency, safeguarded by a system of propor tional representation. The Council altogether is about to spend an uneasy time, Mr. Gray having given notice" in the Assembly of his intention to move for the lowering of the pro perty qualification of its members and the institution of single member provinces. It is not surprising that from all quarters of the civilised world expressions of horror at the murder of the Empress of Austria and of sympathy with the sorely bereaved nation and Emperor should be poured forth.. The heart of the world would be callous and cruel if it were otherwise. It is well that the Parliament of Victoria, by both Houses, should have hastened to voice what is the feeling of the colony, and to convey the sympathy of Vic torians both to the Austrian people, bereft of the much loved Consort of the Throne, and to the Emperor, who, in the twilight of his life, finds himself sadly alone. Neither has the colony forgotten the unhappy victim of this awful outrage. She will be remembered as she would have most wished to be remem bered in the solemn requiiem mass and office to be said for her soul in St. Patrick's Cathedral to-day. The hope of all will be that so far good will come out of evil that the cloud of sorrow that now hangs over the ill fated House of Hapsburg may have-as it already promises to have-the silver lining of a better understanding between Austria Hungary and at least- a truce to the racial differences that have threatened to rend the great empire asunder. The prospects of peace continue excellent. As was to be expected, President McKinley has warmly approved of the Czar's proposi. tion of international disarmament and has undertaken that America shall be represented at the conference His Majesty would convene. Spain, speaking by both Houses of her Parliament, has adopted the protocol embody ing the terms of peace-which may now be said to be concluded-=-between Spain and the United States. Poor Spain is not indeed yet out of trouble with what remains of her colonial possessions. At the Carolines-so near home as that-two native chiefs have united forces and annihilated a force of 200 Spaniards at Ponople, one of the largest islands of this Pacific group, whilst the Phillipine rebels, who hold no less than 9000 prisoners, have conquered the whole of the island of Luzon, except Manilla, which is in American keeping. Per contra Spanish gun boats have sunk five rebel ships, in the catas trophe to which a hundred men perished. America, who is already under the necessity of sending four additional ships of war to Mania, is likely to find that Eastern prize of the war a costly trophy. The Spanish Parlia ment is busy at the not very profitable task of discussing the cause of the nation's recent failure at arms. The Count de Almeras as cribes it to the incapacity of the military and naval-hiefs. who should be hanged with their own sashes, whilst the Premier suggests that it is to be found in the fact that Spain is "an anemic nation." All trouble for Britain in Egypt is not over yet.The "Times," in characteristically cautious language, concedes that the position is not without seriousness, and, also characteristi. cally, urges that the British Government should adhere to a three-year-old official declaration that England would regard a French expedition into the Nile Valley as "an un.friendly act," which by interpretation is a "casus belli." The "Standard" preaching Jingoism "iin excelsis," regards it oas incredible that France should sanction a "reckless intrusion," into the sphere of British influence on the Nile. All this because it is reported, much to the exultation of the French press or the bellicose section of it-that Fasnoda, on the White Nile, is held by the redoubtable Captain Marchand, to whom, according to rumor, strong reinforcements are being sent, as a French protest against the British occupation of Egypt. It is high time that ill feeling between France and England as to a matter that really concerns neither nation should be put an end to. In the meantime, on the principle that nothing succeeds like success,'.the poor Khalifa's dervishes, "pro foundly impressed by his overthrow," are deserting the standard of the overthrown to join that of the overthrower. The only people who-have really scored so far are the prisoners, including a number of Abyssinians, held by the Khalifs at Omdurman, who have been released now that the Sirdar has destroyed the Soudan Bastile. Farmers and others are reminded that entries for the Horsham Show close with the secretary, Mr. Leslie Smith, on Monday next, 19th inst. The special train arrangemiients in connection withthe show are advertised. The Borough Council propose to light the town of Horsham next year. At the meeting on Tuesday a report by the Town Clerk recom mending theinsistence upon tests before a light inr contract was let, was adopted, and it was resolved to communicate with the gas company and ask that the council should be allowed to make the test it sought to make two years ago. It will be learnt ith regret that Mr. Con. I Curran, J.P., the- genial host of the Albion a Hotel, councillor and ex-mayor of the Her- 1 .ham Borough, is at present prostrated by a 2 severe attack of lumbago. It is hoped that he 1 will shortly be up and about again. Mr. W. Millar, of the National Bank, son I oft Mr. James Millar, who was indisposed for I some days, has now so far recoverqd that heo has resumed his duties at the bank. Mr. Dugald M'Lachlan, formerly head teacher of the Wail State school, and who is likely to be appointed to Pimpinio, was on the 31st August married, in Perth, to Miss Gilliam, daughter of Mr. George Gilliam, of Ballarat, and sister of Mr. W. Gilliam, of Horsham, where she herself lived for some time. Mr. and Mrs. M'Lachlan are now on their way back to Victoria. At a meeting of the Directors of the Heor sham Butter Factory Company on Wednesday Mr. C. W. Lynch, of Geelong, was, from nine applicants, appointed factory manager. Mr. Lynch has managed butter the factory at Ararat, was butter maker at Hamilton, and is highly qualified and recommended. He commences duty on Wednesday, and it is hoped to open the factory and creameries on Wednesday week. Theannual show of the Natimuk A. and P. Society, entries for which close with the see retary, Mr. W. Giles, "'Mail" Office, Nati mnuk, to-day, will be held on Tuesday. The entries are coming in freely, and the show promises to be a most successful affair. A special train will leave Horsham for Natimuk on Show day at 11.15 a.m.-tho time of de parture of the ordinary train on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. A Cook's Excursion train from Mel bourne to Adelaide and hit. Gambier passed through Horsham at five minutes past two yesterday morning with forty-eight first class and 113 second class passengers on board. At. Horsham four passengers joined the train. At nine o'clock yesterday morning a well filled excursion train from Adelaide to Melbourne passed- through the Horsham station.: At a meeting held last night, it was decided to hold a Rose Show, in aid of the funds of St. John's Church of England, on the 26th and 27th October. Mr. C. Smith was appointed secretary to the movement. At the nmeting of the Horsham Borough Council on Tuesday evening there was read a communication from the Council of the Shire of Strathfleldsaye asking that the council would join in opposition to the intention of the Government "To recommence borrowing in London with a view to expending large sums on extravagant.unproductive works in Melbourne, which must eventuate in additional taxation on the producers in country districts." The council,-in contemp tuous silence, refused to take any action upon I the communication. For the past month one case of typhoid, fatal; two cases of measles and five cases of diphtheria have occurred in tho Horsham Borough. The Horsham Borough Council at its meet ing on Tuesday had under consideration the following suggestions from the Society of Health Officers of -Victoria:- In all cities, towns or boroughs; the sale of milk be permitted only at or from places specially regitored for the purpose and regularly in spected. No place to be allowed or registered as a milk shop where other articles than dairy produce and tinned goods are kept for sale, or where such shops are in direct communica tion with any room used, or liable to be used, as a bedroom. On the motion of Cr. Williams, who warmly commended them, seconded by Cr. Arnott, the suggestions were referred to the works committee, which at present has in hand the re-drafting of the borough health regulations, with instructions to incorporate them in the same. At the invitation of Mr. Leeson, the travell ing representative of the Melbourne agents, and Mr. George Ryan, who has?sundertaken the sale of the instrument in Horsham, a number of gentlemen spent a. most enjoyable half-hour at the White Hart Hotel on Wed nesday morning with the "Berliner" Gramo phone," a little box of clock work, with large ear trumpet. attached, by which recorded vocal and instrumeontal efforts are served up fresh and in all their native attractiveness as often as is desired. The "Gramophonse" is for the million. It is so easily worked that a child can manipulate it and so nm': a high class concert, an intellectual and improv ing entertainment or a popular variety show. A thin circular " recorder" (of black wood or vulcanite) 7in in diameter and holed in the centre, is slipped on to a steel pivot at the side of the box, the recorder whirls around, and the "Gramophone" talks, sings, or plays a full brass band with at least an equally good effect as the original phonograph is capable of producing, and witlthe advan tage that an entire room can at aii~de joy its manifestations. The programmie oi? Wednes day morning included a banjo and piano duet, a band selection, a cornet solo, an excellent comic song and a laughable nigger recitation. All who were present expressed their enjoy ment of the exposition and their admiration of the machine, than which nothing could be better as a means of drawing-room entertain ment. The "Gramophone" is cheap and should become very popular. Some time since Mr. Kenny and Mr. Wil liams were appointed life-governors of the Horsham District Hospital, on the motion of the Horsham Borough Council, of which they are and were members. At their own request the names of both gentlemen have now been removed from the list of life-governor. The will of the late Mr. John Gillies, of the Wimmera Flour Mills, Horsham, has been lodged for probate. The will was dated May 16, 1898. He left £7940 realty, and £15,251 personalty, to his svidow, children and grand children, with a substantial legacy to his son in-law, Norman Drummond, " in recognition of his dutiful conduct towards him." The mayor (Cr. Bradshaw), Cr. Williams and Power and the town clerk have been appointed a committee to report to the next meeting of. the Borough Council on amend ments that it is considered desirable to have made in the Local Government Act. At the Murtoa Police Court yesterday, at which Messrs. Rowan, P.M., and G. Degen bardt, J.P., presided, August Sawyer obtained an order for £1 17s 4d, goods, with 15s Gd costs, against Thomas Foster. Mr. Sawert appeared for the complainant. Two other summonses that had not been served were extended. At the meeting of the Horsham Borough Council on Tuesday Mr. H. Balfour Cathcart was appointed borough solicitor, in succession to Mr. G. M.-,Vatson. -There has been'an addtional case of diph theria, treated ino the Hospital, reported since Tuesday. A meeting of the Presbytery of the Wir mere was held at Murtoa on Tuesday, under the presidency of the Moderator, the Rev. G. B. Murphy, B.A., of Stawell. All the Minis terial members of the Presbytery, including the Clerk, the Rev. Thos. Gray, SLA., of Hor shamn, were present, except the Rev. J. Spald ing, of Arart, who is absent at the General Assembly in Sydney, and also lay commis sioners from Marnoo, Minyip, Rupanyup, and Murtoa, included in the Rupanyup charge the resignation of whichbythe Rev.W.Strachan was received. All the commissioners spoke in terms of the warmest appreciation of Mr. Strachan's 12 years' faithful ministerial work, and expressed great regret at'his impending de parture. The resignation was accepted, as fromn the 30th September, and the pastoral tie was dissolved as from that date. The Rev. G B. Murphy was appointed interim moderator He will, on the first Sabbath in October, de clare the pulpit vacant, and will in the mean time make arrangements for the preaching of candidates from whom a now minister may be chosen. At the meeting of the Presbytery of the Wimmera, Iheld at Murtoa on Tuesday, a peti tion was received from the Rev. A. W. Butler, late Wesleyan Minister at Stawell, formerly of Horsham and WVarracknabeal, who has severed his connection with that body, setting forth reasons why he should be admitted and licensed as a minister of the-Presbyterian Church of Victoria. The petition having been considered, was accorded the recommendation of the Presbytery, and was passed on to the General Assembly, which will deal with it at its annual session, commencing on the 14th November. At a sale of Crown lands held at tie Her sham CourtHonseyesterday, by LMessre.Young Bros., der the conduct of the district land officer, Mr. H. F. W. Kruger, the following lots were disposed of as under :-Allotment 23, 12½p, Horsham; Winifred Elizabeth Turnbull, £4 (upset price). Allotment 3, 1a 0r 10p, Murtoa; James Babes, £8 10s (upset price, £8). Allotment 4D, 17a 3r 38p, parish Bungalally; Frederick A. Jones, £17 19s 9d (upset price, £1 per acre). Allotment 50D, 7a, Burnt Creek reserve, Marie G. Bur- chert. £11 4s (upset price, £1 12s per acre.) Church of England site, 2a, Woorak, Ballarat Diocesan Trustees, £2 (upset price). A num ber of other town and country lots offered were not sold. Whilst the banks and police offices in Hor sham will be closed on Friday next, Show day, the stores will remain open, and business generally will be conducted as usual. The Horsham Borough Council has unani mously agreed to take the necessary steps to have Tuesday next, the day of the Natimuk show, proclaimed a public holiday in the borough. A correspondent writes:- A. graand enter tainment given at Lower. Norton on Friday, h n aid of the local cricket club, proved a great e success. It was held in the pavilion that en thusiastic members erected at their own ex pense. The entertainment was followed by a hall, and the dancers "kept things going" till the small hours of the morning. An excellent i :upper was provided free by the club's lady t supporters. The receipts amounted to over £8, which places the club in a good financial footing. At Collingwood on Wednesday Robert M'Swain, nine years of age, accidentally shot his brother Peter, aged eight. The lads were playing with a revolver belonging to an elder brother, when the shocking fatality occurred. Robert, not knowing it was loaded, pointed the weapon at Peter, and sent a bullet through his head. In response to a petition from a section of the burgesses, objecting to the £0000 Stawell borough loan, a vote took place on Wednesday. Out of 800 votes on the roll, 287 were re quired to veto the loan, whereas the opposition polled only 217. A special meeting of the council will be held to-night to pass the final resolutions authorising the loan flotation. A most successful and highly enjoyable ball, in aid of the funds of the Horsham District Hospital, was given in the large dining-room of the Longerenong Agricultural College, kindly placed at disposal by Mr. Niven, on Wednesday evening. There were upwards of 300 people, including several visitors from Horsham, present, so that the financial result to the hospital must be satisfactory. The room had been beautifully decorated, under the personal supervision of Mrs. Niven, and looked exceedingly pretty. Excellent music was pro vided by Mrs. Druce, Misses A. Allan, M'Cracken, E. Bodey and M'Gee, and Messrs. J.. B. White, Maloney, Sherwood, Kershaw, C. Hogan, Turner and W. Puls. Messrs. Ellis, Kelly, and Priest made capable M.C. A sumptuous supper, provided by the ladies of the district, was partaken of. The whole affair reflects the greatest credit upon all concerned, and especially upon Messrs. Niven, chairman of the executive committee, J. B. White, hon. secretary, and C. Hogan, hon. treasurer. The Murton annual show will be held on Monday, September 26th.. Futries close on Friday'next, 23rd inst. Holiday excursion fares will be available from Noradjuha, Dim boola and all stations, as advertised in another column. The annual services in connection with the Horsham Bible Christian Church will be held on Sunday, .morning and evening. Both ser vices will be conducted by the: Rev. H. C. Trebilcock. On show day the annual luncheon and tea. meeting will be held in the church, with lantern views in the evening. Police- Superintendent Maud, formerly of Horsham, has been relieved of thIe charge of the Midland district by Superintendent Curran. Superintendeist Maud goes to Hamil ton, taking the place of Superintendent Devine, who retires on a I ension.' Two young men are reported to have un earthed-at Mount Gambier-some promising specimens of quartz bearing visible gold, and to have also obtained alluvial gold by washing. The isamples shown of both the alluvial and reef gold indicate that the discoveries should be followed up. The locality of the flid, understood to be within a dozen miles of the town, is kept a profound secret. DMr. F. J. Laurie, eldest. son of Mr. A. F. Laurie, Maunt Gambler, has left for Sydney, where he will join two young friends who are going to Africa. They intend to enter into pastoral pursuits in Rhodesia. ON THE FIRST PAGE of this issue will be found The Fox Pest, Hamilton Stock Report, and on the fourth page Goroke Show and District News (including news items from Nhill, Warracknabeal, Hamilton, Minyip, Stawell and Ararat.) An important clearing sale of 10,478 sheep, 231 head of cattle and 23 head of horses is announced by Messrs. Laidlaw & Fenton to be held at Morgiana, ten miles from Hamilton, on Thursday next, 22nd inst., on account of Mrs. J. Tiangmar. As the estate has been sold the whole of the stock is for positive sale. Mr. J. McAuley, commission agent, &c.;, advertises that he has been appointed agent for the Austral Bicycle Co., and has new machines and duplicates in stock. Messrs. John Langlands & Co. intimate that they are making their first display of spring and summer goods. Tenders are invited by the Borough Council for destroying rabbits on the town common.. Grazing lands are advertised to let by tender. Services will be held in the Horsham Wesleyan Church on Sunday. On Monday. evening a public temperance meeting, under the management of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor, will be held.in the church. Addressed, recitations. duets and choruses will be given. A young man named 2L'KIerby, of South Yarra, was fishing off the rocks at Apollo [ay, on Monday, when he was washed off by ahugo wave and was several times dashed against the rocks and thus rendered senseless. The body was carried out to sea and it is not likely to be recovered. The .accident was witnessed by a young man named Smith, who was powerless to render his companion any assistance. The unseating of an Afrikander on petition has reduced the majority of the Afrikander Bund in the Cape Parliament to one. Two elections, which the Imnperialists expect to win, have yet to be fought, and three more petitions against the returns of Afrikanders have to be decided. Parcels for the following are lying at the local railway station : -- Lucas, Roberts, Bennet, Brown, Gibson, Cook, Ross, Mll'Ken zie Creek school, Stephens, May and Millar, Teague. Mr. Shanasy, dentist, having recovered from his recent illness, will visit Horsham on Tuesday, the 27th inst., and may be consulted at the Royal Hotel." Mr. Wishart, secretary to the Horsham Dis trict Hospital, desires to acknowledge a cheque for £10. per Mr. Gee. Ryan, from the Melbourne Eighlt Hours' Association. 'Accounts are awaiting payment at tile Hor clham Sub-Treasury for 1. Charles. J. Cormini, J, Henderson, G. H. Webb. ,Mr. Harris, dentist, will visit Horsham on Sunday, 9th October, and will remain until Friday, 14tlh October. The profits of the Royal Agricultural Society's Show total £1789, or £29 ahead of those of the show of last year. An autunm ehow is to be held. A Hamilton citizen, famed for his veracity, a night or so since saw a ghost, habited in ortho dox while, sitting on a fence. Cr. Tarrant has been elected president of the Borung Shire, with an allowance of £62. Cr. Milbourne was also nominated, but Cr. Tarrant was elected by a substantial majority. The Ararat Assizes, to have been hold to day, have been postponed to the 22nd. The piece de resistance is the trial of Slattery for the Penshnrst bank robbery. Terrestrial and celestial-Pressure on the srpace of the last issue of the Warracknabeal ' Argus" makes it necessary to lease over the report of the Borung Shire Council and an article on Heaven. Tthrogh keen competition in the trade bread is now selling at Yarrawonga at 4d the 41b loaf. A great tire has occurred at New West minster, in British Columbia. It first broke out in the busness ortion of the tyown, which ran been almost entrrely destroyed. It spread rapidly to the residential quarter, where im mense damage was done. This loss of pro perty by the conflagration is estimated at half a million sterling. Andrew Daley, aged 33 years residing at West Melbourne with his wife and child, on Wednesday attempted suicide by cutting his threat. He had been a steward on the Barcoo, and had £700' in the barnk. A few days ago he drew £39J0 and bought two houses in Carlton. Hiswife ronsilerer he had rmade a bad bargain, and he fretted over it to such an extent that he decided to end his life. I 