The Old Folk at Home. LATEST FROM IRELAND. fPERSONAL, POLITICAL, RELIGIOUS AND OTHER NEWS. Note.— A copy of the Hon. Edward Blake's great speech in the House of Commons 'on the 'Over Taxation of Ireland,' with introduction, index and tables, will be forwarded to every new subscriber to the ' Catholic Press.' — Ed.] Irish Graveyards and Ghosts. By Katithrine' Tynan.' .. . . ^ ' The desecration of the Colthurst vault in Inriiscarra churchyard some years ago re called the story of another, such, outrage, of which they tell commonly in Ireland. This, too, was for the purpose of robbing the dead. But as the story goes it resulted very happily. The dead woman was1 a young ' bride who had left her husband desolate. She was buriedrlike poor Mrs. Peggy Colt hurst, with her lings on her fingers. One , ring— the wedding ring, perhaps— held so . tightly that the miscreants could not drag it off, and, being in a hurry to be gone, one of them proceeded to hack at the finger with a, knife. But 'as soon as' he had cut through the. skin the blood began to flow, and the bride, in her grave clothes, suddenly sat up in the coffin. The thieves fled, fortunately leaving the door of the vault ajar, and the supposed corpse came hard on their foot steps, barefoot through the snow, and with the shroud trailing at her, heels, to her , ' . husband's house. They said the man nearly died of fright ; but being persuaded at last .that this was no cold ghost revisiting the scenes of, its joy, but his qwn. poor bride came back from the dead, he straightway took her in and ^yarmed her. She lived afterwards to bear her husband many child ?? ren. I think it was Carleton who made a 'book-story of it, adding the artistic and imaginative touch that the bride's feet, from her contact with death, remained ever' clay cold, and the same descended to her child ren — whence her descendants went by the name of.' The Family of the Cold Feet.' Iniscarra ' is, one would suppose, some such, lonely, grass-grown churchyard as is . common in Ireland,and of which there are , many about the. County Dublin. These, are , by way of being, unused, the graves having long ago piled th'omselves in high billows half way up the church-yard walls. But people aro yet often interred thore by stealth. The Irish objection to being ? ? evicted from a ohurohy ard would be stronger than with respeot to any other holding. ' Some of the graveyards even yet in use are ? old out of memory. ' Originally established for them of ' the old profession' long before rumours of the new German heresy were hinted about, they are now in many cases gathered round the walls of Protestant Churohes ; but in such quiet spots Catholio and Protestant peacefully foregather, and old war ories are utterly silent. Those graveyards outside Dublin walls , used to be the happy nunting-grouncis 01 body-snatchers in the old times. Those were not always gentlemen of ,the profession . which Burke and Hare improved upon. They were more frequently medical studonts \- ,' on the- hunt for subjects. The late Sir Dominic Corrigan described some years ago ? in a modical journal his .participation in such raids. It was dangerous as well as disagreeable work, for the relatives of tho dead took it in turns to sit up and watoh \, the graves. So as often as not 'the body . . ' ' snatohers came baok tearing through the night- as fast' as fleet horses could carry them, with their sacks yawning empty, and ah infuriated orowd at their heels. They must have1 been well provided for distancing ; their pursuers, for there are few records of 'their nob escaping. What would have * happened if thoy were taken red-handed ? . ' Despite the interests of science, ono cannot help feeling that the eminent Mr. Justice Lyuoh would have been# the most suitable person to sit upon their daso. But there is ? no record of worse than hand-to- hand oon fliots from whioh the, snatohers escaped by the skin of their teeth, aided by the. horses they took care to have in 'waiting. Sir Dominic came into conflict with tho watchers at Bully's Acre, an old graveyard near Kihnainham. % But there is a string of such places, Blue Boll, Balrokory, Kilbndo, on the westorn outskirts of Dublin, which were, from thoir loneliness, an oasy prey to ' the body-enatoher. They aro hidden now : almost out of sight with tho cornfields oreeping up to tho sunken walls'. No ono passing i-y would detoot thoir prosonco, ox cept, it may bo, from, tho gray gable of some immemorial ruin peoping shoulder-high ovor , the ivy. By and bye fiuoh placoB will be anatohod baok again by tho living, and tho long hair of forgotten graves made part of meadow and pasture ; but it will be ? a long by and bye, for the Irish memory is tena cious of such things, and the place of graAres very holy. Yet one remembers that over and over again the earth has been sown thick with graves, though the memory of them be long forgotten. ? ? ? Irish superstition, one must believe by the light of charms and spells, ' has often vio lated the grave. A dead man's hand was, or, may be is, held of potent power. A stroke of it on the cheek cures toothache ; and Lady Wilde says that if a recalcitrant churning be stirred about with it, it is cer tain to bring the butler. . There is an alter native cure for the toothache of holding a live frog in your mouth for a few moments. What would happen if the frog jerked his leg .from your grasp and jumped down your throat is not recorded. Then again thore is the gruesome love charm of the deabh-spancel. This is an un broken strip of skin from head to heel of a person nine days buried. It is to be tied round the knees of the one whose love would be procured while he or she is sleep ing, and removed before they awake. The one who( would win love must wear the death-spancel always out of sight, and so long as they do will they hold the love of the one charmed. I haye been told by aOonnaughb man who implicitly believed in it of how the heir of an old Irish house was bewitched by means of the death-spanoel, so that his passion was transferred from the gentle lady 'he should have married to a half gipsy serving lass. For her he gave up honour, friends, love, and all that makes life worth living, and the ' spell lasted till her death. Meanwhile the real lady of his heart had withered and died, so that he escaped from the death spancel, as ono comes out of a dream that has lasted half a lifetime, to find himself old and shamed, and all his hopes dead. For some parts of Ireland there is a melancholy custom of the widow of a dead man keening nine times around the bound aries of tho churchyard where he lies buried. It happened to a friend of mine, who had been bereaved more sadly than by the death of her lovec, to be sitting drearily in a lonely churchyard overlooking a sad autumnal country when the eerie , keening began. It was the last note of her desolation. This same churchyard had its ghost. My friend saw it atf plainly as eye could soe. She was driving home one Sunday night, making one of a waggonette-load of people. They were passing under the high churchyard wall, and the road outside' the shadow of the wall was „ _i. 'j ? ?__ ? ? _._i_! ? i_ a. mi. ? . ? ... _ .._' i . wnrcB in .moonngnt/. t xnerevwas a postern gate in the wall,' led up to by steps. Sud denly the horse 'flung himself, back on his haunches, trembling violently, and refused to go any further. Then they saw emerge from the shadows and climb the worm-epten stops the figure of a man dragging something whioh might be a body in a saok. suspended from his shoulder. He passed through the gate, and, after a gasp of horror, the driver whipped his terrified beast into passing the postern at a mad 'gallop. It was the well cnown ghost of a wife-murderer, who had burjod his viotim's body by stealth, and who onaots his crime over again endlessly. The party drove home in a silence of great hor ror. When my friend told her hostess she said with grave concern : 'I wish you had ? not seen it, my dear. They say it bringH great sorrow to those who behold it.' .Sure enough my poor friend was marked out for muoh suffering, and indeed of that party, to my own knowledge, not ono oscaped special misfortuno and sorrow. In tho baronies of Bargy and Forth, in the Co. W oxford, there is a custom of mak ing oxib of tho pieces of wood loft/ over from the matorials of tho coffin a' number of small oroases to bo carried by tho coffin-bearers and mournors at tho funeral. TheBe, whioh havo sharply- pointed ends, aro fixed in ft thorn treo which has heon plantod at a cross roads near the ohurohyard. In time tho trees often give way under thoir burden of crosses, and tho crosses aro thon1 pilod in high cairns. Tho hawthorn suggests por haps an English origin of tho ouHtom, since of tho hawthorn tho allojjprio tradition has it tho Crown of Thorns was faBhionod. And Forth and Bargy aro known to havo boon settled by English oolonists.; J 