"THE MAN IM THE STREET." By "ICARUS. " Charles Dickens hated nobody so much as your professional philanthropist—I mean that particular class that gives its "services" to the " work," and walks up and down the face of the earth like a roaring lion trying to reform everybody—which in plain parlance means trying to make everybody adopt its own ideas. The latest victim of this nineteenth century persecution has been the unfortunate newspaper boy. A deputation of benevolent gentlemen, fortified by the ripest possible ignorance of the whole subject, waited on the Premier the other day with the laudable object of preventing the " Herald " boy from earning his living. Of course the wildest possible statements were made without the slightest authority. The " Herald " boy is simply a recruit for crime. That was one pleasant assertion to begin with. And so, for his moral and spiritual good, he ought to be taken away from an occupation where he can make from 15s. to £1 a week if he is smart, and sent up county to do man's work on a farm for nominal wages, which will, of course, be impounded by the goody-goody crowd, and carefully placed where he can't get at it, and where the professional philanthropists can lay it out for his good. Thewhole business bearsacurious resemblance to the immortal interview in Bleak House between Mr. Chadband and Jo. " We have here," said Mr. Chadband, " a boy —a human boy—oh, the glorious privilege of being a human boy!" But we think the " Herald " angels will hardly appreciate the full nature of the privilege if they are to be " messed about" in this manner. It is just this kind of irresponsible interference that leads to such organizations of boys as the notorious " Rats" push. A rat, at least, has liberty to live his life according to the moral code of rats' castle, without the undue interference of other rats. An occasional cat or dog disturbs it now and then. But at least he has this glorious privilege, that the only attacks he has to fear come from his enemies. He isn't worried to death by his so-called friends. Take him all round, with all his peculiarities, which are many, and his faults, which are not a few, the " paper, sir," boy is a sturdy, independent little urchin, with all the impudence and all the independence of the true gamin. The test of respectability of the Police Court is, " Does the accused earn an honest living ?" The paper boy does earn an honest living—a living, too, which is always hard, and which depends for success not only upon the energy but upon the acuteness of those who follow it. In many cases his earnings are the main support of his parents. Forcibly take that boy off the streets, destroy his independence, make him feel that he is a mere puppet in the hands of some governing body, and what is the result ? You make a rebel of that boy. It is as true in the case of individuals as in that of nations. The Reformatory system has been in existence for years. Whom did it ever reform ? Truly the rule without exception in the case of any boy who enters those hated doors is that his last stage was worse than his first, For an illustration of human selfishness carried to absolute perfection one has to go to the British passenger. We are all familiar with the cold and haughty stare with which the occupants of 'bus, or tram, or railway carriage regard any person who happens to enter. They regard him as a trespasser, to be tolerated perforce just as Great Britain tolerates the existence of other races on a planet which was specially created by the Almighty to be the abiding place of the great British race. The Anglo-Saxon simply enters a compartment, spreads himself in the corners, puts his bag down in the gangway, and props his umbrella against the door. He never moves them ; and if the next passenger knocks his umbrella down or comes a cropper over his bag, he expresses his sense of personal injury by regarding the new-comer as an unmannerly cad. A curious development of this inherent lunacy has lately made itself manifest in the space reserved for harmless lunatics—the original correspondence columns .of- thfe' papers. First we have a haughty gentleman, residing at Toorak, complaining to high Heaven and the " Argus " that people who are only going as far as South Yarra will travel by the special Toorak tram instead of waiting for the South Yarra one. Then another gentleman writes to complain of a similar outrage on the St. Kilda line, where, it seems, passengers who are not going past the Junction will get on the Brighton-road cars. The thing, of course, is so logical. Why should a man who is only going to Richmond travel by a Mordialloc train, and how dare anyone whose destination is only Seymour avail himself of the Sydney express ? Echo repeats the question—How dare he, the blackguard ? The ice cream fiend has been at it again in England, and three boys have given up the ghost in consequence of too liberal an indulgence in that ghastly commodity. The London health authorities have been trying to get up a scare, on the theory that an analysis of the cream, which was kept under the bed of the Italian proprietor, in the odorous locality of Featherlane, disclosed the existence of mattress flock, bedroom flue, sewage water, portions of unpleasant insects, and other ingredients of the like nature. But to assume such a conclusion is a logical absurdity. A few little things like that couldn't kill a boy. Why, even grown-up men have been known to devour sausages with apparent relish and live— which possibly shows that, in the words of the old proverb, " Ignorance is bliss." 