EOMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP OF GERALDTON. . CONSECRATION OP FATHER KELLY. \- ADELAIDE, August 16. With solemn splendour and with that completeness of detail ever characteristic of the Church of Borne in the performance of her ceremonies and rituals' the Bight Ber. Dr. Kelly was consecrated Bishop of Geraldton in St. Francis Xavier's Cathe- dral on Sunday morning. The Bight Bev. Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale, was the con- secrating prelate. The Eight Rev. Dr. Maher, Bishop ef Fort Augusta, and the Right Rev. Dr." Dunn, Bishop of Wilcannia, were the assistant prelates. Within the sanctuary was seated the Archbishop of Adelaide on a throne, wearing the Cappa Magna. He was assisted by the Very Bev. Father Vincent, Provincial of the Order of Passionists in Australia, and the Rev. Father Carroll, SJ., of Norwood. Solemn High Mass was celebrated. The ceremony began with the vesting of the consecrating bishop and bishop-elect, and assisting bishops, at tho alttir of the Sacred Heart. The bishop-elect genuflected be- fore the consecrating prelate, and read the oath word for word as given in the ritual. After the Epistle the bishops . conducted the bishop - elect to the centre altar before the consecrating prelate, who recited io him that it was the archbishop's office to judge and interpret the Scripture, to consecrate and erdain, to ? offer sacrifice, te baptize, and to confirm. Then all knelt, while the Litany of the Saints was chanted, the bishop-elect mean- while lying prostrate at the left of the consecrating prelate. This prostration is typical of the fulness cf the self-sacrificing life and of the humility which should inspire the new prelate. After the Litany and the prayers appointed for the day, ail turned towards the altar when the Veno Creator was intoned. After the first verse the. consecrating bishop sat and anointed the head of the bfenbp-alact, who waa kneeling before him, with holy chrism";, forming the sign of the cross on the crown;, and then anointing tho remainder of tho crown of the head, and saying, " Be thy head anointed and consecrated in the order of the high priest by the heavenly benediction. In the name of tho Father;, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Next the hands of the bishop- elect were anoin- ted and bound up in white linen by tho consecrating prelate, who then blessed tba Crozier, and gare it to the bishop-elect;, who was kneeling befere him. After the offertory the consecrating prelate again, sat, and the bisnop-elect presented him with two lighted torches, two loaves, and. two barrels of wine. Each of these portions; of the ceremony had its special significance-. Mass was then continued by tho bishop elect and the consecrating prelate at the same altar. Towards the conclusion of the holy sacrifice the mitre was blessed and put en tho head of the bishop-elect, who gave a solemn Pontifical blessing at the end of the Mass. " 