In hex~gtherign-ggloom ofi coming f-h °lin:'the driving mist of snow..the scouts and soldiers saw Cody seated up on hls.horse - for he had made another effol to- find a better camping ground his hltnd outstretched as he pointed to wards some object upon which his eyes reeted. At first they saw nothing, but the keen gaze of Lieutenant Seaford pierced the sweeping curtain of falling snow, and beheld a horse and rider. It was a white horse, and the rider was envelop ed in a mantle as spotless as the snow shout him. It looked like a shroud, and floated about.the form of the horse man almost like a cloud it seemed. "Se-! it is a horseman, and steed and riderlook like ghosts," cried Lieutenant Seaforil. Every eye saw it now, and they beheld an arm of the weird horseman rise and beckon' them towards him, then point inp cernaln direction. "Come, Lieutenant Seaford, we.must follow him,'for that is my Ghost'Guide," cried Cody. I'Yes, Seaford, Spectre Horseman or whatever it be, we must follow,", said Surgeon rPowell. 'The-young officer saw Cody ride to wards the phantom-like form, and in stantly it moved away from him, but still beckoned for him to follow. "Come, mount men-forward, march!" Lieutenant Seaford commanded; and the men, who had dismounted, leaped to their saddles as quickly as their be numbed limbs would allow. "He leaves a trail, Cody, I am glad to see,"-cried the lieutenant, springing for ward to the side of the scout. "Yes, sir; but horse and rider are about as weird a pair as I ever met. Still, he led me to safety once, and I will follow him." "Yes, I remember; but why not ride up and join him?" "You notice, sir, that he does not wish it, for the moment I hasten my pace he does the same." "True, so humor him by all means, only do not let.him get out of sight." ".-' if t'ry not to, sir." "'You do not fear a trap?" ."Not after what he once did for me, sir." •"What do you 'make out of such a guide?" S"I do not know, sir. But whoever or whatever he is, he dwells in these moun tains; and knows them, though just how he'-came in time to save us I do not .?'ell, ghost, or. mortal man;, e are Iiidebted 'to him for our lives, I almost begin to feel.- It is growing very dark \--?do you see him?" ' ' "Yes, sir, he has dropped back nearer to us, as though not to have us .lose bln." 'After riding on a short distance fur ther; Cody began to look about him, in spite of the darkness. At last he said : ''Lieutenant Seaford, I know where we are.' S"Ah:" We are in the canyon leading to the little valley. I recognise the high cliffs now, and I find I got off the trail a couple of miles back. See there, sir;" Juld Cody pointed to high cliffs upon one side, and ahead loomed another wall of rock. 'The weird guide has halted, Cody." S"Yes, he is at the entrance of the pass. See he points up the valley, and - he has gone." "You are right." The weird guide'had suddenly turned anld his horse had dashed off at'asbound. "What does it mean, Cody?"-.. ... "It means, sir, that he knew we were lost, and he has guided us:to the pass entering the valley In which the Mid nighters have their retreat." "And it is near?" "The barrier across from cliff to cliff is not a quarter- of a mile ahead, and then we enter the valley, and, crossing it, are upon the cabins." "Well, we will not- dely In attacking them, for the men are half-frozen and: the horses used up." "Yes; and through the snow we. can ride right up to the cabins and demiand the surrender of the outlaws, for we can surround each hut, and the sooner we fight it out and get warmth and shelter the better." "You are right; so lead the way, and 'I will have the men come up in ,close order and look to their weapons;" :and the lieutenant waited for his men to come up while Cody rode on ahead.' When they came up again with him, ble was at the barrier, nnd had let the bars down The weird guide had been true, the goal was before them, and they were ready to fight to the end. 