Footiight Facts LIV "PASSE PARTOUT" Professor Kennedv, the mesmerist, opens at Adelaide Bijou ou Mav "J 3. A ouc- act play, bv a writer who a versifier is already pretty well known j in Adelaide (s;iys Qciz) is likelv to have an amateur baptism shortly. The subject is of a tragic nature. There are a gojd many versiliei s in Adelaide, but when we are informed the subject is of a tragic 11aturn we bol.ily try to pick the author. Does Dave Clinton know anvthin;; about it ? -.* -. • j Mr. James Dore, who is stated to I be the oldest actor-manager in thevj world,. recently celebrated his 9ith j birthday, when he was reported to be | still active and energetic. The veteran I is at present residing at Plymouth, England. One of Harry Richards 3 best turns is "The Mile End Hoad." He should put it on before lie leaves us. Miss May Lewis is not Mrs. Will Stevens. She <s purely and simply Mr. Stevens* partner in sketch turns, and not a bad UQ at that. Mr. C. Bennett Raymond, late of Theatre Royal and Creinorne management staffs, has secured an engagement with the Maggie Moore Co.. assisting Manager Percy Ward. • - •• - One of the Series at Cremorue gets puff notices galore from one of the dailies—we read them at breakfast every morning. T'other serio doesn't like it a little bit. A galaxy of vanderville talent— Rickards, Coleman, Martyn Hagan, Svd. Deane, Will Stevens, and the others at Cremorne. The Cremorne Tivuli crowd don't mean to phjy opposition to the Mu«-g;ie Moore and the 11 Sign of the Cross" companies. Manager Marcus has booked goldfields dates ahead. Frant'M. Clark auid Charlie CogiH's " corking good leg shaw —the Silk Stockings Co. at Fremantle Fayre—is playing to good biz. The" ghost will positively walk on Monday. George A. Jones and Miss Ettie Williams benefited at the Theatre Royal last night (Saturday). There wasn't the house that there should have been. Vale George and Ettk-.. Mr. T. F.- Loyd who playe.: " Mr. St. Clair " iu " Uncle Tom's Cabin " at the Royal recently is, off the stage, Mr. Roland Watt, a brother of the member for North Melbourne, Vic. Frank Ellis as " Frank' 1 in "Ten Nights in a Bar-room " last Saturday evening at the Royal, gave a rendering of the part which would have done credit to a far more experienced actor. One of the journalist-cutn-blufter crowd was stopped at the Cremorne the other night and politely given the cold shoulder. Turning furiously away he said to a companion : " Pretty manager this Marcus is." " Yes," replied the other, " but he seemed to Maik us all right anyhow." Then silence reigned supreme. The Americans in W.A. have a treat in store for • them. Maggie Moore will sing " The Star-Spangled Banner " in the Town Hall. The only fear about the. matter is that her singing will so stir their patriotic blood that they will take ship straight away to join their countrymen in the annihilation of the Cubans. « Syd. Deane, who made such a hit with " Dear Mother England," should sing " England's llepty," sung by Leo Dryden in London some thre3 or four years ago. Harry Rickards is suffering cold. from Hany Rickards, having to proceed to Melbourne to arrange for the Pattie Browne season, makes his final appearance at the Cremorne on Tuesday night. The present season at the Creinorne closes on Thursday, when a benefit will be tendered Mr. John Coleman. A bumper house must be his. He thenceforth proceeds to Sydney, to voyage by the Alameda to 'Frisco. The remainder of the company proceed t-> Coolgardie. opening on the following Saturday. After their goldfields tour they return to Cremorne, opening about the 31st, when the company will be strengthened by Albert Bellman and Lottie Moore, society sketch artists. 