BOB : A TALE OF ADVENTURE IN WEST AUSTRALIA. [ByTrwoN.] [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. ] Chapter XXI.— A Strange Ride. A cameA ! Yes, this was the one solution of our difficulty. I looked at Bob in speechless admiration. Although she had appeared too ill to take notice of anything the pack camels kneeling under some shade trees near the house had not escaped her observation. I could see them plainly from the window of our room. Their packs had been removed and they were sleeping, guarded by an Afghan driver. 'You are right, Bob,' I said. 'One of those camels mu3t be secured at any cost, but how the thing is to be done passes my compre hension. I've tackled many strange things since I came to Australia, but a carnal is not one of them.' 'I wish the moonlight wasn't so bright,' said Bob. ' It will soon go down. As soon as it's dark I'll creep out and see what I can do.' We waited in silence till all the sounds, save those of snoring, had died away in the house and darkness had fallen upon the outside world. Then I crept out of the window and made my way cautiously towards the place where we had seen the camels. As my eyes grew used to the darkness I was able to make out their forms and to see the Afghan lying flat on his face. Should he awake all was up with us ! By way of precaution I made a slip knot of a stout piece of cord and passed it around his feet. TI113 might be the means of giving us a few moments' grace. Then I turned my attention to one of the camels, carefully selecting a strong- looking creature kneeling at the furthest distance from his keeper. I don't know how other people manage to induce a kneeling camel to get up. My method was a compound of maledictions and blandishments, kicks and caresses, which must have sorely perplexed his reasoning powers. At last, having succeeded in in ducing him to assume the perpendicular, I lost no time in clambering on his back. BoD was on the spot in an instant. I held out my foot as a horseblock. She sprang up aud iu another moment we were out on the track, speeding away in the darkness at a tremendous pace. We thought we heard a faint outcry, but we were soon out ot ear call and, having haying got a good start, I felt pretty sure of being able to distance any pursuers. It was well that we had somo moral comfort to atone j for the physical misery we were called on to j endure. The rocking moticn of the ship of the j desert recalled the sensations common to voyagers across the Bay of Biscay and we soon felt iu need of the ministrations of the ship's steward. Unfortunately the desert ship carries no such useful servant on board and we were obliged to pocket our discomfort as best we could. After a time we grew accustomed to the strange, rocking, sideways motion, and only rejoiced to know we were journeying at such speed. As the dawn of another day crept slowly over the land we ap peared to see all the passing objects— trees, rocks, aud sandhills flying past us at a mad gallop. We were travelling on a splendid road, which I felt sure would lead to some township. A range of hills stretched to the west and the ground was covered with shrubs. When tho morning sun broke over the scene a garden of glowing colors was revealed to our delighted eyes. Flowering plants of infinite variety covered the earti), dazzling us with a blaze of rainbow colors. Here was abundance of water and abundance of feed for the camel. We camped for a few moments under a high rock Burrounded by salmon gums, and let the poor beast eat and drink his fill. _ We were nearing civilisation — I felt sure of this. Men passed us en route for the gold fields. Some carried their swag on their backs, some had pack horses, others goo teamsters to carry their loads whilst they walked alongside the waggon, aud every now and then we came across the exact image of the wheeler cards that had done us such yeoman service the pre vious day. We saw little patches of cultiva tion and wooden shanties with corrugated iron rcofs and palings glancing in the sunshine. We drew up in front of one of these primitive dwellings. A man camo out. He was married to a 'lubra' aud half a dozen half caste children were scattered about the place. In reply to my enquiry he told me we were on the right road and should reach Laroo in another hour. I heard Bob give a faint cry of joy. 'What is it?' I asked as we moved on. ' I know someone living there — a woman who nursed me through an illness. Oh, I shall be so filad— so thankful to — see — a — woman — again.' Her voice died away in a sob. Then she looked up, bravely smiling through her tears. 'Men are all very well,' she said archly, ' but one does long for a woman friend.' 'I can spare you a woman friend,' I began and then I stopped short, What I was beginning to say was— 'but I cannot brook tho idea of your loving another man.' Luckily the words died on my lips. For in my better moments I told myself that it was enough for me to be Bob's true henchman — her loyal ser vant, aiding her in her quest and looking for no reward. But, alas for poor human nature, man is not always capable of living on the heights and at that moment self cried loudly for his due. The terrible suspense and the hairbreadth escapes of the last few days had put everything out of my mind save the neces sity of struggling to preserve our lives and carry out Bob's mission. But now that we had arrived safely on the confines of civilisa tion the imperious Eso rose in my breast* making peremptory demands for the satisfac tion of personal wishes. The wild desire to put my fate to the touch— to gain or lose all could not be quenched. 'You speak of a woman friend,' I said, bending my head to look straight in her eyes. 'Is there no other— no man whom you love better than your own life.' Her eyelids drooped and the crimson blood dyed her cheek and brow. 'Tell me, Bob,' I whispered, 'do von love some man ?' ' Yea,' she murmured. Her voice was almost inaudible. She did not raiso her eyes to my face. But that 'yes' was enough. I had been a fool ♦ 3 ask the ques tion. Chapter XXIL— Camel Stealing. We rode on in silence. .My heart was too full of bitterness for speech. In about half an hour we saw something that roused me out of my gloom— the shining tin roofs of the little township. Only a man who has knocked about in the dreary bush and on the burning plains of Australia can imagine the joy with which one hails the return to civilisation. It all looked lovely to me — the roofs, the wooden houses, the church spire (a very stumpy struc ture) ; even a long, low, almost windowless building, which turned out to be the gaol, had its own charm for my eyes. There were a few tents here and there where people were living, while wooden tenements were in course of erection. One, the abode of an enterprising photographer, stood at the entrance of the main street. Here we dismounted and I asked leave to tether the camel outside his door while I went in search of someone whom I could in duce to ride it back to the Digger's Rest. I thought it would be easy to invent some story of the camel having broken loose, which would enable me to pose as a benevolent philanthro pist rather than a common thief. And I cer tainly did not want to deprive the owner of his valuable beast. It had served our purpose splendidly aud now I could afford to be moral. My tir3t care was to discover if a coach would start that day. On making enquiry at the principal hotel I was informed that by taking a carriage drive of about 10 miles we should pick up the coach at a cross road, otherwise we should have to wait till the following day. ' Which will you do ?' I asked. 'Oh, go on to-day,' decided Bob. 'But don't you want to see your friend ?' 'There's plenty of time,' the hotelkeeper said. '? You needn't start for two hours yet. There's time for breakfast and a bath and a walk rouud the town.' I knew that we stood sorely in need of baths and I felt that breakfast would be agreeable ; but Bob would certainly prefer taking both under her friend's roof. So we set out at once and the township being full of miners going to and fro, our unwashed, unshorn, and travel-stained appearance was not likely to excite remark. ' Where does Mrs. Brown live?' I asked. Bob had the address by heart. 'No. 49, Sutherland-street.' On enquiry we found it was a turning from the main street. We walked slowly under the long verandah, pleased as children to look in at shop windows and read the tradesmen's names. 'How wonderful it seems to see such a Jot j of things,' Bob said, feasting her eyes on the drapery window of a general store. ' I haven't seen a box of pins for ages. Look at that darning cotton and buttons and needles. I must go in and get some.' 'You eifeminate youth — come away this instant. You'll betray your sex in no time if I let you cross that door,' I said, dragging her off. 'Your friend will give you some needles. Here we are — Sutherland-street.' No. 49 was soon found — a little weather board tenement, exactly like all the others in the street. In answer to our knock a woman came to the door. Bob's countenance fell. ' Does Mrs. Brown live here ?' she asked. Mrs. Brown ? Well there was a lady of the name of Brown, who took in washing, as used to live in that house, but she's left more'n six weeks ago. There was a young lady next door as might know her address, for she hadn't gone fur.' The young lady next door — an Irish Biddy with a fearfully suggestive shock of red touzled hair, did know Mrs. Brown's address — 2, Poplar-place — so we set forth once more. But all these enquiries had swallowed up time. Bob's visit to her woman friend would have to be cut short and our chances of a bath and breakfast diminished each moment. I was annoyed at the delay, because after do positing Bob at her friend's house I had meant to look out for eomeone to ride back the cameL I was vexed to have the beast tethered so long outside the photographer's studio. Curiosity would be awakened and unpleasant questions might be asked. I was hurrying Bob along as fast as I could, when to my amaze ment she exclaimed, 'I must have those needles and pins,' and dived into the shop. She kept me waiting ever so long while she bought not only pins and needles, but collars and a striped necktie. I was as cross as two sticks when she came out. 'You don't appear to notice the flight of time,' I said reproachfully. 'Time! Oh, Time was made for slaves,' she said merrily. 'Just look at my pur chases.' I was so vexed that I was actually rude. 'A fool and his money are soon parted,' I said scornfully. 'I bought the necktio for you,' she said coaxingly. ' Isn't it pretty ?' It was pretty— a rather unusual shade of terra-cotta, which I remember having told her was my favorite color. But in my irate mood nothing pleased me and I retorted, savagely — 'Pretty indeed ! Women have no sense of colors. Besides we have more serious nwtter3 on hand thau neckties. 'Oh, well, you needn't have it if you don't like it,' sh.e said, replacing the little parcel in her pocket. I was nervously anxious to find Bob's friend, transact my own business, and get out of the town as quickly as possible. But Poplar-place was not easy to find. It was a new place and the inhabitants were not familiar with the name. 'I'll just run back to the hotel and ask the man there,' I said, hastening away. The hotelkeeper was standing out on the doorstep, the photographer was with him ; a trooper sauntered on the other side of the road. 'I'm coming back to see you presently,' I said to the photographer. Then, turning to the landlord, I began, 'Can you direct me to ? ' 'Poplar-place,' I was going to say ; but tho name of our destination never came out. Before it had time to cross iny lips the trooper's hand was laid on my shoulder and I was arrested on a charge of camel stealing. Chapter XXIII.— Shades op the Pbison House. Mv first thought was to look around for Bob. She had vanished. I hoped that she had taken the road for Poplar-place. She would be safe enough there under her friend's wing. Seeing there was no help for it, I went quietly and un resistingly to the lockup. I meant to tell my plain tale to themagistrateand I hoped he would believe it aud let me off with a light penalty. But camel stealing was as prevalent in the West as bicycle stealing is in more civilised regions, and, having caught me, so to speak, redhauded, the myrmidons of the law were determined to make an example of me. It was in vain that I urged in extenuation ot my crime that I had stolen not a camel but a ride, and that I was actually seeking a person to ride the animal back to his lawful owner at the very moment of my arrest. The story had been told too often to merit credence. The magistrate paid no attention to me. The con stable in charge of the case winked the other eye and I found myself condemned to three months' imprisonment in the very building that had caught my eye on entering the town ship. When I was first locked in my gloomy cell a wave of despair seemed to roll over me. To find myself tied by the leg for the space of three calendar months— just at the very moment when we had come within appreciable sight of the goal — drove me to the verge of madness. I beat my head against the wall and shouted for someone to come and let me out, but my fury awakened no response. I threatened to break open the door, but no one caine to hinder tho performance. I sup poao tho gaolurs wore well acquainted with similar outbursts on the part of prisoners and that they deemed it best to leave them to expend their rage as I did on fruitless effort and then sink exhausted to the ground. I think I must have slept for a few moments. Anyhow, my brain cleared and I began to take a calmer view of the situation. I reflected that my temporary incarceration had its good side. Bob had not been mentioned in the indictment. Our stay in the digger's shanty had been of such short duration and we had arrived at so late an hour that no one seemed to have perceived her existence. The hotelkeepar whom I had interviewed in the bar parlor had not caught sight of Bob waiting outside. The only one who had really seen her was the photographer, and he might have thought she was picked up on the road. Anyhow, no mention was made of any accomplice. Now this was a fortunate circumstance, for, should enquiries be made for a man and a boy concerned in the dramatic crime at Lambing Flat, there would be no likelihood of associating me with any such offence. It was a blow to my vanity to have to confess that I was only a very commonplace criminal after all. As for Bob, even if she did not find her friend, she would be perfectly safe in this civilised little township. She was within a coach drive of Albany aud once there her difficulties would be ended, and oh ! the pity of it, she would not require my aid ! It was, indeed, poor cheer for my love to feed upon. Now that the excitement of sur mounting difficulties and danger no longer sustained me I fell I prey to hopeless melancholy. Alone in my prison, Bob's face and voice, her look, her smile, her every gesture, seemed to haunt me. Her image brought no joy, because it was always accom panied by that of — the man she loved. That bright face, varying with every change of feeling ; that sweet, penetrating voice ; that enchanting smile — that tender, womanly presence could never bless my home. Dante has never described sufferings more poignant than those I endured in that lonely cell. For I learned to know thero all the anguish of unrequited love. The physical discomforts of my condition did not affect me in the least. Roughly speaking, I was better off in gaol than I had been for some time. My bed was hard, certainly, but not harder than the ground, and the meals; although, scanty, came with praiseworthy regularity. If I only could have shut out that torturing image of Bob — Bob in the arms of her lover— all would have been well. Sometimes I thought that on emerging from prison it would be best for me to go right away without seeking any news of her. Her journey was ended long before the first week of my imprisonment. Her mission was accom plished. She bad returned to civilisation — to her friends. She was probably married by this time (here I could not forbear a groan), and had no further need of my services. I had almost arrived at a decision to roll up my swag, make for the nearest goldfield, and try to drive away her image by means of sheer hard work, when it occurred to me that some slight hitch might have prevented the accomplishment of her plan, and that she might be waiting for my assistance at Poplar-street. How far this reasoning was genuine, and how far it was determined by a secret desire to learn news of my heart's queen I must leave to the discernment of those versed in the subterfuges and wiles of the lover's con science. It is certain that when the day of freedom dawned every other thought was merged in the one absorbing desire of hearing someone speak her name. As soon as the prison gates had closed behind me I set out in search of Poplar-street. I had not far to go. A neat little four-roomed tenement was soon found. The door was guiltless of knocker or bell, but after drubbing with my knuckles for a few moments a respectable - looking woman with a kind, homely face made her appearance. ' Are you Mrs. Brown ?' I asked. 'Yes, sir.' ' I have called to ask for ? ,' and then I stopped short, for I actually did not know Bob's surname. I stood staring helpless at the woman. I don't think I ever felt so foolish in the whole course of my life. Chapter XXIV.— Tricked. It suddenly occurred to me that Wright, when she confronted him in the bush, had called her 'Jean.' I determined to use thi3 name as my trump card. 'I have called to enquire for Miss Jean,' I said carelessly. The woman's face froze. ' I know nothing about any such person,' she said formally, and without more ado the door was closed in my faca But it takes more than a door £0 baulk a man who is thoroughly in earnest. I waited for a few moments till I beard her pass out on the back verandah. Sounds of splashing told mo she was busy at the wash-tuba. I walked around the house, stood watching her an instant, then I stepped upon the verandah. Her face paled at eight of me. 'Do not mistake me, Mrs. Brown, I am one of Miss Jean's true friend3.' 'I have nothing to do with your Miss Jean,' she answered sharply. I saw a look of fear ia her eyes. 'Well, perhaps you know her under another name. I mean tha young woman dressed in boy's clothes who came to your house three months ago.' 'I don't know anvthing about any young woman dressed in boy s clothes,' she answered more trenchantly than before. But I knew that sho lied. 'Sho came here,' 1 went on calmly, 'and she may or may not have told you her story. Anyhow 1 think she must have mentioned a— faithful friend— Garth Owen— perhaps she called him 'Sawbones.'' I noticed a look of indecision creep across the woman's face, but sho made no conscious sign of relenting. 'lam Garth Owen.' The sheet she was washing dropped out of the woman's band. 'Good Lord, sir, where can she be?' she gasped out. Her face was absolutely livid with fear. ' ' Explain yourself. Didn't Miss Jean come here?' ' , 'She did, sir, and she was that broken hearted on account of your arrest that she took to her bed and she was right down ill for more than a week. Then your letter came and she gob up and went out at once. ' What letter ?' I demanded hoarsely. ' The letter telling of your escape from prison, and begging her to meet you outside the township. I wanted to go with her, but the letter said she^must go alone. Good Lord, sir, didn't it come* from you?' ' I never wrote any letter. I never escaped from prison. I was formally released to-day. The woman plumped down on a chair and began rocking herself to aud Lo. 'She'B lost, my sweet lainb,' she moaned forth, wringiug her hands piteously. ' She's Io3t. That villain Steve's got hold of her.' I felt the blood freeze in my veins. ' How could lie have found her out ?' ' 1 don't know. No one but the chemist knew I'd got a Bick person in the house and ho's n very good sort of man. Alford is his name — brother to tho photographer.' This was enough. I saw it all at a glance. The chemist had gossiped about Mrs. Brown's patient, the brother had put two and two together, and when Wright appeared upon the scene he was able at once to track down his prey. I felt my brain reel. 'This is awful,' I said, wiping the cold beads of sweat from my brow. 'It is, indeed, sir. Whatever can be done?' 'Done? I will follow them to tho world's end,' I said doggedly. 'I will track the villain like a bloodhound and make him release his prev. Bob shall be found ? She will be set free, my love, my darling, my queen.' These last words were uttered out in the road as I hastened away, desirous to put my words into action at once. But how was I to begin ? It struck me that in order to convoy Bob out of the place a vehicle of some sort must have been employed. Riding horses would not do it in such a case. Bob would have broken away or have claimed the protection of the first passer-by. A hooded buggy was the thing. Now there were only two places in the township where buggies could be hired— one was tho noted on whose doorstep my capture had been effected, the other was a common drinking shanty close to tho little gaol. I began my operations here ; made friends with the ostlers, professud a great knowledge of horseflesh, and Bhouted a drink. But 1 got nothing for my pains, except an enlarged view of profanity. Before tuckling the hotel I made a few chauges in my attire — bought anew necktie (thinking fondly, meanwhile, of Bob's despised gift), and a broad-brimmed straw hat. Thus equipped I sauntered into the stable yard and commenced operations. The head ostler, a canny Scot, seemed to have no vulner able point, and I was beginning to despair of winning his confidence^when the conversation turned on the Melbourne Cup. To see the way that man's face lighted up was a revelation. Leaning forward, I said with a knowing wink — 'Would you like a straight tip for the Cup?' I had struck the right chord— the man was my slave at oace. I had hit on the master passion— the dominant instinct of his life. We fell to talking horse, and I played my part so successfully that he proposed an adjournment to a neighboring bar. The ice once broken, it was not difficult to make the horsey ostler play into my hands. It was a hard life— he was thinking of cutting it and going back to Sydney. The pay was good, but the work never stopped— horses coming and going at all hours. ' Any buggy trade';' No, not often ; ouly v%rhen people were ill. Yes, they'd got one hooded buggy. The boss had bought it cheap, but it was hardly ever asked for. He'd had it out a few months back for a queer kind of job. He hadn't half liked it, though he got a big tip. 'Iwas a runaway boy, you see, and his big In-other was taking him back. But, my ghost, the way the young fellow carried on — shrieking, witli bis head hanging over tho wheel most of the. way. It made my blood run cold, I ccn tell you !' I could well bolieve it, for the bare recital made my own veins chaugo to ice. (To be continued.) A social gathering took place at Ware's Lounge on Monday, May SI, to say farewell to Mr. John Bow bear, of the Loco. Department, who was retiring after 3ii years' service. Mr. T. Roberts, Locomotive Engineer, was in the chair, and in his address said Mr. Bowbear's k-.iviiig would be p* great loss to the depart ment, but he himself felt he was losing both tin oiticer and a friend. He had known Mr. I3o-vbi;ar for 19 years, and during that time iie performed his duties in a manner that was beyond question. Mr. Fleming, the machine-shop foreman, presented Mr. Bowbear with an armchair and pipe on beualf of his fahop-mates. Mr. B. B. Baily proposed the health, of Mr. Bowbear, who had always been to the front in assisting those who were in need of help. Sir. Bowbear, in replying, said the 33 years of service he had just completed were years of pleasure. He had always tried to go Btraight and do his duty. A musical programme was carried out by Messrs. T. Grant, W. Bonnett, A. McL. Paterson, J. C. Griffiths, A. C. Taplin, and Bradley. 'Auld lang syne' con cluded the evening. Our Port Lincoln correspondent, writing on Mny 7, says:— 'Theodore Sermal, an oyster iuan, of the cutter Araonia, made a deter mined attempt to commit suicide last night. Frank Brown, another oysterman, had arranged to pick up oysters with him this morning and as Sermal did not come at the appointed time Brown went over to his boat and found him covered with blood. Believing him to be dead he gave information to the police. It was found that Sermal had stabbed himself with an old dagger, the worst wounds being in the back of the neck and on each side in the ribs. There was a severe gash in the forehead alsu and cuts on the face, besides minor stabs. His condition is very critical. Much regret is felt for Sermal, who i3 an honest, genial, and industrious fellow. Whon brought ashore he was conscious and in answer to questions he said he wanted to die, as lie had been disappointed about the young woman to whom he was engaged to be married and had nothing to live for.:l A certain cyclist is extolling the virtues of the tomato for wheelmen. 'No matter,' ho says, ' how tired and exhausted the rider may feel, the eating of a small piece of tomato acts like magic, taking away the depressed feeling and ref resiling one remarkably.' 