ITEMS OF INTEREST. There is going to be a boom in the New South Wales export butter trade next year. The high price of potatoes should induce furmers to cultivate the tuber to a greater extent. #??? The Council of Women oE New South Wales on Friday " passed a re solution deploring the spirit of war at present abroad in the world." Now, of what earthly use was such a reso lution ? # # Melbourne District Court J.P. to a tinted witness: " AreyouaChristian?" Tinted witness (with fine scorn) : " No ! I am a member of the Church of Etigland." Loud laughter in court. What wore tho fools laughing at? The men who are elected at Ihe Narrabriaud Filzroy (N.S.W.) bye elections will only keep their seats lor about six weeks before tho dissolution throws them out again on a cold world. This is really tho perform ance of a " constitutional farce." # ? * A"''ghost" is reported from Avoca (Vie). It resembles a body of light, aud disappears after travelling rapidly along the earth. Women have fainted, and horses have been terrified by its appearance. The residents aro of that it is some.phosphorseceut gas escaping from the earth. *** The latest addition to Americana abroad is the smart saying of a New York girl to an Englishman who took her in to dinner. " I sometimes wonder what becomes of oil the peaches in your country," he asked.— " Oh, we eat wbat we can, and ' can' what we can't," answered the ready tongued maid. # * # A champion mean man. A Queens land "financier" employs many hands 'at the " lowest wage." He draw? their salaries from the bank in gold at the very last moment on Saturdays, places the sovereigns in a chamois bag at 12 noon, and employs his time be tween then ond 9 p.m. (pay time) in .vigorously extracting " dust" from the sovereigns by friction. # # # ,An old miser named Donald .M'Lennon died at Brunswick (Vie.) .recently, and £1200 in bank receipts was found at his house. New Zealand relatives claimed the estate, and his ]few sticks of old furniture were sold on Saturday. The purchaser of an old .wasbstnud found a bag containing 30 sovereigns concealed in it; but the money was seized by the administratrix of the estate, after an altercation. # # # A Newcastle municipality by-law, with regard to betting, has been 'gazetted. It is as follows:—"Any person or persons who shall frequent or use any public street for the pur . pose of-book-making, or' wagering, or agreeing to bet or wager, ou any race, , game, fight, or sport, shall be liable to a penalty of not less than two pounds, nor exceeding ten pounds, for a first . offence, and for a second offence shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding . fifty pounds." If the betting frater nity openly defy the law of tho land by betting in the street at tho coaly city, how is the new bj'-law to be made effective ? *#* A South Australian farmer says :— "He had made a study of the habits of, white ants, and found that they never attacked posts set up in snlt swamps. lie therefore adopted the practice of putting a shovelFul of salt in each hole when filled in within six inches of the surface, and then filling up with soil. AVhen rain falls it dis solves the salt, which impregnates the soil around the posts, and the white ants refrain from attacking the posts so treated. Telegraph posts and all timber could be protected in a similar manner. He strongly recommended farmers to paint theis posts with a strong brine as a means of driving the insects away." *#* The following curious advertisement appeared in a Sydney paper the other day : —>' Lost: The Ministry of New South Wales, between the close of last session and Macquarie-street. Finder returning the missing property in good order and condition, before the 3rd of June, will not be prose cuted. Address , " General Public," New South "Wales." If you come to think of it, where is the Ministry ? Has anyone set oyes on it lately, and if so, how did it look when last seen ? Was it wearing an air of resignation, or one of cheerful expectancy ? Was it dressed in light and airy spring garment ? Or was it muffled up to tho neck, and carrying a bulgy umbrella, as if suffering from a severe cold ? *#* When the remains of the late Mr Charles Collins, M.L.A., were await ing interment, tho mourning relatives received a letter from a lady friend at Taraworth with a cheque enclosed for one guinea. The writer expressed every kind feeling of sympathy with the bereaved, and in conclusion ox plained that the cheque wi\h sent in lieu of a wreath and was intended as a donation to tho Montefiore Jewish Home. There was something genuine and practical about that etyle- of doing things, and tho pity is that common sonso cannot override custom and do away with tho waste of handsome flowers at funerals. OE course the custom which obtains is a very pretty one, and finds origin iv sweet senti meuts of agos past, but it is wasteful and stupid at boat. *#* 