-CHAPTER -II. . OHN STUBBS felt somewhat easier in | mind when he left his noisy fellow- | ►. farmers in the train at Scrooby, and: |' set off homeward down the dork read. Qe was easier, too. that all connection between him and every - thin# in the town of Fulfonl seemed now cut. He felt as it it were a long, loug while ago that he had watched the miser in the theatre and followed him down, the lane. There were but two things that sharply; troubled him as he tramped along the dark road; what should ho say to his wife ? and what was become of his dog? The loss of his colHe he felt like the desertion of a standi friend at a critical moment; and he felt it all the move that ho fancied the desertion mnst have happened at the same time as that— that business in the lane. The beast, however, was very intelligent, and would find his way home. Now and then as he'tramped on he thought he heard the pad of soft, feet behind him; but he dared not look round; it might be his 'dog, or, ou the contrary,'it might he— nothing! "Were there such things iu the world us ghosts—haunting ghosts—ghosts of men steadily pursuing those who had hurt them? " Bob! Bob! Bob!" he ventured to call, in a low voice. But no dog came forward; and still ho beard tho soft pad, and » chilling shudder crept over him. He walked faster, and presently he ran—run like a scared child, and never stopped till he reached his own gate. All was silent-. No bark, saluted him, and again he felt with a strange paug^thc absence of his dog. •Alight was burning in the kitchen of the farmhouse; the roaiu-of-ail-work had gone to bed. His wife bad been in bed all day. Everything at home was us ho had left ft, but on him what a change had come! When he thought of his sick wife a gush of teuaerness came over him. Whatever might happen, he had no pity for himself: trac*h« had the softest pity-for her. He could not terrify and burden her with bis secret. Ho would be cheerful, and he would merely say that he had managed to arrange for soma money : he would not even say he had got it. He took the light from the kitchen table and went into the dark parlour. There was an old oak «M*-rehiire there. Into a drawer of that be crammed the bag of- gold ; he could not bear to open the bag; or fingerits ccnienti yet." Theti he wept upto his wife. - ' j •'There you art,; John.'.* sjjid-'she,' iri*a/ weak voice, as lie crossed the floor to kiss her. "Home at last!- I thought I heard you come in." ; ' ' ' . . "Yes, Jenny Inst, bere I am," 'said John, stooping over her. "And areyou glad, John, to he home again with your pooriittle wife?" " Glad ? Yea, lass," said John. "More glad than I can tell." " I've been'so lonely all day. • Jobn* I've been thinking over and over everything that might be happenfng'to you, and everything you might be sayfng or doing. It has been & hard day, hasn't it John ?" ' "Ilurd, yes," wild John, almost forgetting himself and breaking down under her tender solicitude. " But," he added, striving after s. cheerfulness, "after all's said and done, it's been none so bad." "Any news, John ?" 6he asked, brighten ing with hope.' •| Sumraat." said he. "I tliink—I've mado a kind o* an arrangement—a settlement, you understand—I think the hill of sole will bo made up—kind of held over—and I think, lass, that we may manage the rent." " Oh, John !" she cried, in immense relief. "Really and truly? I begin to fed. better already! But how have you managed :if, John ? Has somebody lent you the money V1 "Well, lass," said John, reluctantly, and at a loss, ' • I cannot exactly tell you. It's a kind o'—a kind o' a secret, you see." "Oh, John," she cried, "a secret?—a secret from me? We hain't never had a secret from one another since we.waaconrtin', John, and arc wc to begin now ?" i John looked at her piteoualy, and plncked with his fingers at the fluff of the blanket: he was strongly tempted to tell her all, and have done with it, but h? thought how ill it might make her, weak as she was, and he held bis tongue. "Eh, John!'* she said, considering him, "but you do look ill! Whatever's the matter? Where did you have your dinner?" ,a At the Red Lion/' said he. "And what did youhave for dinner?" " Bread and cheese." " Bread and cheese, indeed!" said she, with contempt. "For a big strong fellow like ! .That's what it is ! You're famished, are; fair famished. Ivor,* uown you go and eat your supper. JJz li3S left it i'th' oven for you. Away von go." John went down* and made an attempt to eat his supper, but after a mouthful or two . he gave it up; his mouth was dry and baked, and not even palatable food could provoke its moisture. _ He drew himself a ghiss of ale, aud lie tried a pipe to spin the time put. But ho found neither satisfaction nor com fort in anything; and yet he shrank from returning to his wife, who was sure to ply him with questions to get at his secret. It was surely much better, wasn't if, he said to himself, that he should keep it from her. His pipe went out. He would not relight it, but he thought ho would just look forth into the night to see if by any chance Bob had come back yet. Bob had not come back. He could make no more pretence of occu pation; and so lie made up . his mind to go upstairs fo bed. \ But first he in ado a resolnte advance.into the parlour, lump in hand, to be sure that the secretaire still stood in its place, and that a certain drawer was locked. Being assured of these things, he turned away in haste and rejoined bis wife. To his relief she did not worry him for a revelation of his secret, but maintained a silent aud thoughtful attention, so that at length her forbearance, instead of being a relief, was like to become a burden. He knew—and she probably kuew too—that her silent waiting was certain to dniw his secret from him ere long. , But he had a respite. . *.sYou're dead beat and tired, my poor John," said she, at length.- "Cjriie to your |bed and sleep.". John went to bed and slept, but with such wild starts and tremblings that his wife was troubled to think what was wrong with him. He rose betimes, as usual, to go about the business of his farm, business that would not wait—such as the feeding of horses" aud the milking of pows—but he showed a face as worn and unrefrcslicd. almost, .is that of the night before. And thus his day went on, with some cheerful attempts at intervals to think that ho would get over it in a day or two, that perhaps the man, the old miser, was not dead, and that in any case he had the bag. of gold wherewith to pay his debts and to~ start anew with activity and resolu- - tion. j " His wife Wits still ignorant, both of his trouble aud his gold: ho had got off with the promise that she should know all in a day or two. * • . *. In the meantime there was great excite ment in the market town of Fulford.' A whole sensation and mystery of its own Fulford had not had for many a year, aud it made the most of tho latest. Fulford was too quiet a place to liave a daily paper, even in these days; it had only two weeklies, and the reporters of both, these were busy in cooking up the mysterious circumstances of the death of poor Jerry Owen, .who Irnd played the pjirt of the' old miser ,in "Les Cloches do Corneville" for ever so many hundred times—played it so often that he had got into the habit of carrying homo nightly tho bag of "Hanoverian sovereigns " which was his great necessary "property/' It was that, apparently, that had led to his undoing. For when he was found dead in tlic lune, dead front a terrific blow on tho temple, the only thiug missing from his person—strange to tell!—wns tlmt same, tag of "Hanoverian sovereigns." There was another strange circumstance abont the murder, which was worked for all, it was worth ; this- namely, that an unknown dog—a sheep dog. or collie was j found watching the body, and that it flew j eavagelv at the policeman who. on bis ronnas. i had come upon both. The dog was now.at; „ihe poHce' station, mid bfe identification "perchance (th*re was no saying] give eame clue to the discovery of the murderer. These "things, of course, were not published hut they were freely known and canvassed among ' those who moved actively about the town. . -, Of all that seething, boiling, aud fermen t ' ing gossip John Stubbs. being ten miles awat , on hisownlonelv farm, wasbli'^sfullv ignorant. I Ho still-wondered what bad become of hi? dog ; be still cherished," while ho abhorred, tho thought of the bag of gold ; andhesiiil ooped und praved that, when all this diffi culty was past, he might bo able to farm comfortably, and keep his head above the waters of debt and bankruptcy, oven if he did not make much ol a profit. v * \0n the rooming of the second day,_ which ' was the last of the three days of grace ailcr * the falling in of his bill'of sale, he debated with himself whether he should take the "money, ana go into the town to the solicitor who held his bond and pay it ofl. or whether he should wait for the appearance of someone to make the demand. He decided to wait. About three o*clock in the afternoon. Ajiz; the niaid-of-all-work, cume to him in the barn. . • "Mri. Stubbs," said she,, "here's two ' gentlemen to see you—leastways, a gentleman And n roun." John Stubbs knew then that the solicitor ' had come, or sent, to claim the rights of the bill of sale. He screwed up his confidcncc'and went in.v Not the lawyer, bnt * the lawyer's son. who was & pleasanter ' person than his father," waited for him in the . parlor, and with him was another—the kind \- of humble and furtive retainer who w us easily : to be recbgni^ed as " tbe man in possession." « "Well, Mr. Stubbs," said the young lawyer, " I suppose you know the business I've come upon." " Oh, yes,** said John, " I can guess. "The bill of sale, you know," con inued the roung man. " must be met to-day, or 1 take formal possession. Are you prepared to pay it, Mr. Stubbs V I suppose you are not." " Don't suppose too fart," said John, going to the secretairerand fingering in his pocket for the key of a certain drawer. He yet felt i angular reluctance, to open the drawer and ' oroduce the bssr of gold. Bat he must do it, \-- tod be did if. "He drew the horrid hag out, ind flung it on the.table. "There!" said he. " There's enough money in that to pay your * billy sale' two or three times over !" * * The young lawyer and his man looked on in some surprise. ~ Johu, with uucertaiu and trembling fingers undid the bag, thrust-in bis ' hand, and drew out a handful of the gold, ' and began to count the individual coins, one, two. three, and so on, under the eyes , of the '" young lawyer. They looked good gold, but— "but there was something in tue sound of theim * that made the young man suspicious—some thing also that seemed queer in the whole situation. The yonng m;m picked up one ' and rang it." He shook his head and looked "at .it; and then he looked bard ut John ' Stahb^ who was watching him. "This won't do, 3Ir. Stubbs," said the votrng man. • * " ".What won't dor" asked John,-with a blanched face." ' "This money. It isn't money. Wheie did vou get it V" - "'Where di<l I get it ? I reckon they're as good golden sovereigns as ever was coined." " Look at them," said the young man; "at any one of them. Ton should know good coin as well as I do." . John reluctantly picked up a coin and looked at it.. Certainly it was not marked Ukc'a sovereign. He rang it on the table : nor did it sound like true gold. Horror and despair seiz-xl him, and showed in his set pale face. Ho said no word, but looked fixedly at the rouog man. . . • "Tin very >orry for you, Mr. Stubbs," said the -young lawyer, " awfully sorry! But this looks bad—worse than you think, maybe, j * Theso thing's are only counters, they're called « Hanoverian sovereigns. I suppose you . .haven't beard that the night before last an actor, Jerry Owen, was* murdered in a lane by the theatre in Fulford, and that the only thing missing from him was a bag of Honoreriah sovereigns; the sham money that be used in playing the miser at tbe theatre.". " Sham money !" exclaimed John Stubbs : below his breath. j "Besides," continued tbe young lawyer,} "a dog was found watchiuir by the dead man. The cog is now ut the police station;! een it. I believe I know it." I I've seen.. "My God !" moaaed John Stubbs. "Oli, i my poor Jeuny!" , *He looked about him wildly. Ho stepped | back suddenly and took a gun from a corner. | ' Before it was possible to guess wbat he would be at, or to interfere, he . had turned the . muzzle to bis breast and pulled the i trigger. He fell, and the two men ran to j him. The report of the gun had alarmed the j house, and presently John Stubos's wife j fluttered in, just risen from her bed with a j ehawl about her. She flew to her husband, j and knelt by him. _ | "Jenny, lass," said he, fixing his glazing i eyes on her. " I'm sorry, but I've messed it' all op!" And so he died. t Thfl»poor woman was frnntie with grief, j and the young lawyer and his man stood beck : and permitted tbe maid from the kitchen and | the man fr«'m the barn to press in and: forward. The young lawyer quietly put the j few exposed Hanoverian sovereigns back in j the bag and stuffed the bag into'his pocket. Then he drew his mail to the door. j * "Yon sec he's dead," be said, "so there's j no need for you o: roe to say a word abaut j this bag. I am going out to throw1 it into the pond. I'll be back in a moment'* when ho came back .he talked a little while with the poor, distracted wife, and :tried to comfort her. He gathered that she knew noibiug of the bag of sham gold, and; so be felt safe in what he had done. — And thus it came to pass [that, 'while the neighbourhood was inexpressibly shocked by John'Slubbs's suicide, "and whs exceedingly, kind aud helpful to his widow, it was. never; known who killed Jerry Owen, the miser of *• Les Cloches de CcmeriUe:" v ; I 