DREAMS THAT GAME TRUE.1 HOW MTJHD'EEEBS WERE TRACKED. ' Strange as it may now appear, it if- , nevertheless a fact that in the past dreama. . signs, and portentn played no inconsider able pait in our law couits, and the reports ot the sixteenth find seventeenth centuries are brimful of references thereto. In con nection with dreams, perhapB one of the most remarkable trials, certainly 'of later days, was that in connection with the slay ing of Maria Murtin, or the murder of the Red Batn, in which the murderer wae dis covered wholly and solely through the means of information gained through a dream. The victim of the murder waB the daughter of a mole catcher, who possessed far more beauty and education than young women of her class. Needless to say she was the cause of much jealousy, and among her lovers was a rich young man named John (.'order, by whom she was seduced and then abandoned. In turn, William Corder, John's brother, appeared upon the scene, and under promise of marriage1 Maria was again betrayed ; and afterwards finding that she was to become a mother, she prayed her betrayer to carry out his promise. This, however, was not to the taste of William Corder, who, under promise of a secret marriage, made a.rcu,ngeme.nts with the girl to meet him at a red barn on hiB mother's farm, whence they would leave for a neighbouring town and get married. The girl met him as arranged, when be shot and buried her beneath the flooring of the barn. William Corder then disappeared, and returning after a few days, told Mr. and Mrs. Martin that the marriage bad taken place, and that their daughter was living at Ipswich. Some months elapsed, the barn wherein the body was buried was filled with corn, and as no tidings came from the young woman, Corder gave as a reason that she had hurt her right hand, and therefore could not write to her parents, shortly after which Corder left the neighbourhood, Some tune later, Mrs. Martin dreamed that her daughter had been murdered by Corder and buried in the barn, and so frequently was the dream re peated that in the end the woman per suaded her husband to get the grain re moved, and to dig at the spot indicated in the dream, which be did, -when the body was immediately discovered and indenti fied. Suspicion naturally pointing to Cor der, he was traced to London, where he was found married to a schoolmistress, on whoBe earnings he was living. He was arrested, found guilty, and duly executed, the meting out of justice in this instance being entirely due to a dream. DREAM. EVIDENCE. Harking back somewhat we find that in 1751 an Irish murderer was convicted largely upon dream evidence. One Rogers, a Waterford publican, dreamed that he saw a man murder another in a particular green spot on the summit of a neighbour ing mountain. On the following day he described both men he had seen in his dream with perfect accuracy, which he did to many of his companions. One of the men -was exceptionally strong ; the other, who committed the crime, was weak and small. Rogers at lenjrth prevMileH unnn the parish priest to accompany him to the f pot, which was easily 'ouiid, bufwhieh bore no; traces of a death struggle. On the follow-' ing day. however, two men entered the: publichouse whose appearance '? tallied exactly with those in the dream vision When they rose to leave Rogers begged the one whom he expected to be murdered to remain, but unavailingly. After the man had left he nearly fainted from fright, and in tho end persuaded a neighbour to ac company him to the green spot on the hill, where, sure onough, the tragedy of the dream had been enacted in real life. Tbe murderer was tracked and captured and Rogers was the principal witness against him. His description of his dream was so vivid that tbe prisoner immediately ac knowledged his guilt, and stated that he killed bis companion with eight stabs, ex actly as pictured in the dream. In 1810, at Frankfort, in Germany, -»? woman named Kraeme made application to a local judge to be sworn, as she bad some information to impart relating to a murder committed in a remote village in Russia, many days' journey from her German domi cile. Her story ran thus :— Ten years be fore her only son left home. She beard nothing of him, and had no idea, at all where he was living until the night before| when his spirituppeared to her and told her what she now hastened to relate. Tbe revelation was that after leaving home the young man had- wandered about Europe till he had finally found work in the village of Klaf in Russia. Here he bad fallen in love with a serf b daughter who bad a Russian beau. On the preceding night thiB latter had inveigled the young Teuton into the country, where he had stabbed him, and then concealed the body in a cave off the1 highway. The Judge was so impressed with the description that he forwarded it to a notary in Klaf. In the meantime Karl Kraeme had been missed, and on receipt of the dream story the police searched for the cave, found it exactly located as described, and also found the bodv with a wound corresponding with that detailed in the vision. The murderer was at once arrested, and the widow Kraeme undertook the long journey to avenge her eon's death. Her recital in court was vivid in the extreme, and she screamed with fright when sbe first saw the prisoner, whom she pioked out from a crowd of men in a dimly lighted cell She also identified the woman who was the cause of the trouble. INDIAN VISIONS. Touching haunted houses, we may re call an incident familiar enough at be be ginning of the century, when ' The Memoirs of a Thug ' was in everybody's hande, but remembered by few probably at this date. Major General Sleeman, caplaiu at that time, was travelling up country with bis wife. He encamped in a pretty grove of mangos near Sangor. At mid night Mrs. .Sleeman awoke screaming. In a dream ebe saw scores of naked corpses rise from the earth at the bedside. Her husband calmed her, and she slept again ; but' the dream returned and so painfully was she agitated that it became necessary to strike ,the camp a little after midnight, Captain Sieeman reported this incident to Meadows Taylor, who was then directing his famous campaign against tbe Thugs. He questioned one of the approver*, who recog nised the description of the mango tope near Sahgoi, at once Several victims had been buried there. Taylor bad the ground dug, and they turned up, if we remember rightly, the bones of seventeen persons. This is one of the best ghost stories extant, because indubitably authentic. At the same time it is easily explained. Mrs. Sleeman had been hearing tbe frightful evidence published from day to day at that time, when the Thugs had just been discovered. She knew that they habitually buried their victims in groves, and that night she chancel to be in the nervous con dition when waking thoughts take shape as dreams. The famous regiment once known as the 74th Highlanders has a legend handed down for three generations at least. A captain, whoBB name escapes us, Was writ ing in his tent at ISholapore, when a young soldier in hospital garb entered. ' Please, sir, I wish to have my arrears sent to my mother. Will you kindly take down the address?' The officer did bo without thinking : when he looked up the visitor was gone. Then it struck him that this was very irregular. He called the ser geant, who informed him that the young man in quention had died in hospital the day before, leaving an unusual sum of money, and that the address of his friends could not be discovered. It is alleged that a report of these facts, drawn up there and then, still exists. 