DOES THE THEATRE MAKE FOR GOOD. {From tlm .St. James's Gazette.'] Air. Clement Scott has been interviewed by Mr. Raymond Blathwayt upon tho stage in general, and the result is about to be pub lished in "Groat Thoughts." And a very startling result it is. Mr. Scott's answor to the question " Uom the theatre make for good ? can, says Afr. Blathwayt, bo summed up in the 0110 word "No." The thontro, as it stands to-day, is emphati cally not one of the forces that make for righteousness. " If any ono J loved," said Mr. Scott to Mr. Blathwayt in a recentconversation, "insisted on going on tho stage contrary to my advice, I should bo terrified for her future, and hopoless for the endurance of our Reaction or oven friendship. For stage life, according to my experience, has a tendency to deaden the finer feelings, to orush the inner nature of inon and women, and to substitute artificiality and hollownosa for sincerity and truth ; and, mind you, I speak from an intimate experience of the stage, extending over thirty- seven years. "It is nearly impossible for a woman to remain pure who adopts the stage as a profes sion. Jfivervthing is against her. The freedom of life, of speech, of gesture, whicli is the rule behind the curtain, renders it almost impos sible for a woman to preserve that simplicity of manner which is, after all, her greatest charm. . . . But what is infinitely mora to he deplored is that a woman who oiide vours to keep her purity is almost, of necessity foredoomed to failure in her career. Jt is an awful tiling to say, and it is Rtill more ter rible that it is true; hut no one who knows tho life of tho green room will dare deny it. Two things I want to be made clear:—■ "J. That it is qui to possible to lead a good life on the stage. Thousands do. Miss , for instance., is as good a woman as over lived. But the fact t.ffat many do lead good livesdoes not remove the groat tcmplatior.3 from the weaker brethren. "It. That I km not n canting prig or a Pharisee, who makes broad his phylacteries, and says, ' Thank God, 1 am not as other men are.' The temptation of the stage is, and hat been, quite as bad for me as for any onB eha if uot worse. It would disorder any life, ana shipwreck any temperament, however reli gious, to have your whole mind devoted to the showy and the alluring for thirty - seven years." Mr. Soott went on to speak of the insatiable vanity of actors. *' You may lie, in praise of au aotroBs, liii your'very soul is blackened j but once tremble in the confines of voracity, and your life is a burden to you from that hour. I havo letters, literally by the hundred hero, which I have received duriug the last thirty years, letters which are full of the fouleBt abuse, aud which bear tho names of some of the best-known theatrical people of the day. How I could he revenged if I were to publish them." " There iB," Mr. Soott continued," no school on earth so bod for the formation of charactor, or that so readily, so quiokly, and so inevitably draws out all that is worst in man or woman as the stage. And I think tho English stage iB the worst, for, as a matter of fact, the Eng lish arc the least artistic people, aiid are more completely without the saving grace of humour than any nation in the world, and so the more readily make themseiveB ridiculous.'* Mr. Blathwayt suggested to Mr. Scott that tho discussion might be turned upon the stage itself—tliatis, the stage that the publio sees. As to the problem play, Mr. Soott said:— "My contention is that the play you witness on the stage after dinner shuuld never exceed the limits of deoenoy you allow at dinner. But the idea of tho probieui-play people appears to be that the theatre is a place where any nasty subject can be discussed without fear or shame. T'aka that iufamous play of Ibsen's 'Ghosts.' What is a young girl to think of that? . . . Ibsen fails because he is, I suppose, an atheist, and has not realized what the groat backbone of religion means to tho English. Ho fails because his plays aro nasty, dirty, impure, clever if you like, but foul to the laBt degree, and healtliy-iuinded English people don't like to stand and snilf over an ashpit." " And what do you think, Mr. Soott, of the religious or semi-religious play, which we have several times of late soon enacted in our midst? The "Pilgrim's Progress," for in stance, and "Tho Sign of tho GrossV" " Well," he replied, " they are good in their way. and very well meant, but I cannot say I think they have much of a future, nor do I tlunk for tho moment that it would be desir able thattliuv should have. Whore are you to stop. Look at Francoss Ooppeo'o ' Lo Paler' —where a woman says the Lord's prayer on tho stage. That will distress many people. You cannot enlist the stage on tho side of religion, try as you may." "The play with a good moral (continued Mr. Scott) has always been witb us, and often docs groat good. You know, I10 continued, with a laugh, 'The Ticket-of- Leave Man' is said to have converted hundreds of thieves from tho error of their ways. Aud mind you, 1 do feel this, as every sensible person must acknowledge, tho stage, with core and cau tion, cuu Id be a great teacher. Where bettor than in a thoughtful play could we ioaru the lesson of loyalty in men and chivalry towards WOIIIOU." Mr. Scott's observations havo caused much controversy. 