ENTERTAINMENTS. THE WILSON BARRETT SEASON. A HAMLET." Mr. Wilson Barrett's production of "Hamlet" has been awaited with much interest, because it was understood that his conception of the melancholy Dane was altogether at variance with recognised tradition. Last night at the Theatre Royal, before a house in which not a vacant seat was to be seen, the curiosity was set at rest. And what of the result ? Is Mr. Wilson Barrett's Hamlet the Hamlet of Shakespeare ? That is a question which none can answer. There is a hamlet of the commentators, or rather several of them. But what Shakespeare's own conception was affords scope for the widest conjecture. Perhaps he presented his Hamlet to. the critics as one flings a bone to a dog, to give them something to gnaw at. And gnawed they certainly have. Is there any character in the _ whole range of drama that has provided more food for disquisition ? It has a literature of its own. Men have been content to ponder it for a lifetime. Mr. Wilson Barrett does not help to solve the problem. Rather he complicates it. His impersonation suggests that Hamlet's ego is not so much an enigma after all, and it distinctly suggests that the commentators, if they have not made much ado about nothing, have at any rate created, as a monument to their own critical acumen Hamlet that Shakespeare would not have recognised. In this respect he not, however, wholly singular. Others before him have thought that they had at last succeeded in fathom- ing the mystery of Shakespeare's creation, but no theory has yet been found which can be regarded as flawless. The most generally accepted conception is probably that of Goethe, who, taking as his key the well-known lines The time is out of joint cursed spite 1 That ever I was born to set it right, declares that it is clear that Shakespeare intended to describe a soul unfit for the task laid upon it. Coleridge, who looking at Hamlet appears to have seen the reflec- tion of himself, describes him as possessing a great and almost enormous intellectual activity and a proportionate aversion to real action. To neither of these readings does Mr. Barrett give assent. So far as he can he said to adopt the view of any commentator, he seems to fall in with that of Ulrich It was the opinion of this acute critic that an undue amount of emphasis had been attached to the trait of indecision. Indeed, he would not admit that there was any indecision, but only a" determination on the part of Hamlet to know that his will was always guided by his thought. Passages, of course, are not wanting to support Ulrich's judgment. Perhaps the concluding lines in the play are the strongest as indicating what Shakespeare intended as the opinion of Hamlet's contemporaries. It is here that Fortinbras says Let four captains Bear Hamlet, like a soldier, to the stage, For he was likely had he been put on, To have proved most royally. The subject might be pursued much further did either time or space permit, but for the present it must be sufficient to say that Mr. Wilson Barrett, if not basing his conception on that of Ulrich either consciously or unconsciously follows it very closely. He does not show us a Hamlet delaying his vengeance either from indecision or fear, but, in the first place, in order that he may obtain confirmation of the King's guilt, and again \- that confirmation having been se cured-because he will not allow the King to go to his grave just at the moment when he has made his peace with Heaven. Accept Mr. Barrett's premises, and it may be admitted that his study of the part is consistent and effective in all points. But so strong is the hold of tradition and of the accustomed, that it is to be feared that there are many who will refuse to go with him thus far. A thoroughly logical and practical Hamlet, who requires! some further proof of the King's guilt than a ghostly vision, and who will not MR. his victim until he can feel sure that he is sending him to damnation will not be to their taste. They will demand a character more subtle, more metaphysical, more in keeping with some of the best known passages, particularly the immortal lines beginning, "To be or not to be," that Shakespeare has put into his hero's mouth. So experienced an actor as Mr. Barrett has no difficulty in expressing the more obvious emotions of Hamlet, and his delivery of the famous soliloquy, of the advice to the players, and of the passage beginning, "Alas, poor Yorick!" in the churchyard score, was in each instance an admirable example of well-balanced elocution. The theory that Hamlet was mad, or partly made finds no favour with Mr. Barrett. In the scenes with Polonius this is emphasised so strongly that it may be questioned whether the pretence is not made too obvious. But, still, after making all deductions, there is this to be said we are given a flesh and blood Hamlet, not a mere impersonal latitudinarian, who stalks across the stage moaning and moping, and incapable of any effective action. Mr. Wilson Barrett's Hamlet is not even afraid to " poke fun " as the slang phrase goes, at Polonious, and the effect is decidedly refreshing. A Hamlet with a sense of humour is brought closer to ordinary humanity. Professor Dowden has described Ophelia as " a tender little fragile soul, who might have grown to her slight perfection in some neat garden plat of life." Accepting this interpretation of the character, it will he easily understood that it did not give much. opportunity to Miss Jeffries.« But her acting in the mad scene, was a powerful exhibition, and secured the applause of the audience. As Polonius, Mr. Horace Hodges avoided the pitfall into which many actors have fallen of making him merely a buffoon. Mr. Carter Edwards in the part of the King was dignified, and added a more emphatic note to his impersonation when the occasion demanded it. As the Queen, Miss McCarthy looked too youthful, even accepting Mr. Wilson Barrett's views as to the age of Hamlet and his mother, but her lines were delivered with that clearness of enunciation which gained for her applause last week as Emiloa, in " Othello." The part of the First Grave digger, one that affords fine opportunities for a clever comedian, but it cannot be said that Mr. Ambrose Manning succeeded in rising above respectable mediocrity. Mr. Edward Irwin, as the Ghost, delivered his lines in a sufficiently sonorous manner. The other characters, including Lier tes and Horatio, were, it must be confessed, somewhat colourless, but it has always been a difficulty to place "Hamlet" on the stage with a cast strong at every point. On the mounting nothing but praise can be bestowed. The scenery is beautiful and the costumes are no less appropriate than effective. " Hamlet " will be repeated this evening, the play beginning at 7.45, and in order to permit of Fremantle visitors waiting till the end of the performance the last train for the Port will be delayed until 11.30. Mr. Wilson Barrett's farewell appearances will be made on Thursday and Friday in " Ben-My-Chree," the drama adapted by Mr. Barrett from Mr. Hall Caine's novel, " The Deemster." On Friday night when Mr. Barrett gives his last performance in Australia, each member of the audience will be presented with a pictorial souvenir of his visit. CREMORNE THEATRE. PBOF ESSOR KENNEDY'S MESMERIC ENTERTAINMENT. The Cremorne Theatre was, crowded to excess last evening, and the entertainment provided by Professor Kennedy and his subjects was so successful that the house rang with laughter from start to finish. Mr. Kennedy, is, undoubtedly, endowed with the power of amusing people. He has a keen appreciation of humour, and, even though his audience were to an individual, sceptical of his ability to plunge man into a condition of absolute dependence upon his will, the entertainment afforded by those, who, for the time are willingly or unwillingly, subjected to his influence, is worth witnessing for mere amusement's - sake. Professor Kennedy will appear at the Cremorne again this evening. ROYAL OPERA COMPANY. This morning at 10 o'clock the box plan will be opened for the extra farewell performance of .' Dorothy," to be given at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening next by Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove's Royal Comic Opera Company, prior to their departure for Adelaide by the steamer Bulimba. " Dorothy " was adjudged to have been the greatest success of the Royal Comics season here, and it will give a final opportunity to Perth playgoers to bid farewell to those popular artistes, Messrs. George Lauri, William Paull, C. M. Leumane, and Howard Vernon, Misses Mabelle Darley, Nina Osborne, Francie Adler, and Lucy Cobb, and Mrs. Henry Bracy. A bumper farewell house can be predicted. BIJOU THEATRE, FREMANTLE. The repetition of the popular extravaganza " The Harvest Home," at the Bijou Theatre, Fremantle, last evening by the Cowan-Tudor company produced evidence that the medley has been successful. The programme links together very charmingly a series of ballads and songs, comic and serio-comic. These are well supplemented by an eccentric comedy. Those among this capital all-round company who last night received marked appreciation were Mr. John Tudor and Miss Dora Taylor in their duet "Schooldays," Miss Violet Leroy in her descriptive sung " The Lug gags Van Ahead," Messrs. Cowan and Carney, the comic song and dance artistes, Mr. Dick Davis and Miss Emma Foster. The latter has a pleasing soprano voice, and sang with very good effect " Whisper and I Shall Hear." The company appear again this evening at the Bijou. NEW PAVILION THEATRE, FREMANTLE. The performance by Clark and Cogill's Company at the New Pavilion Theatre, Fremantle, was largely patronised last night. The different items on the programme were received with much applause. Mr. Frank Clark was recalled for his sing- ing of " The Day I Played Football," and Mr. Charles Cogill was especially good in " I Did Laugh," and " Henry Did." Miss Katie Doran created a very favourable impression, and her several musical selections were received with marked signs of approbation. The audience fully recognised the cleverness of the acrobatic feats performed by the Banvard family. Altogether the entertainment was a thoroughly enjoyable one. The performance will be repeated to-night. 