CHAPTER XL, V—THE WEIRD BUGLER. Back on his trail through the fatal canyon where Cody and his party had heen captured came a horseman, slowly following in the track left by the rene gade and his hand. Both horse and rider are worthy of Bescription, for it was an odd pair to see upon a trail—just such as the supersti tious man would be looking for at mid night and in the vicinity of a grave But this appeared to be a ghost visible by daylight—a phantom horse and rider Without moonlight effects. The horse appeared to be snow-white, and might have heen; but a closer look revealed that his head was completely enveloped in a white indiarubber cowl, his neck also. Then his body was covered with a robe of the same description, falling as far as to his knees and over his haunches, completely enveloping him, and shedding the snow as it fell. ‘ This covering fitted over the saddle, and through holes upon either side of it appeared white reins. The rider was enveloped from head to foot in the same waterproof kind of robe, and it looked as though he was well wrapped up beneath to protect him from j the cold. | At any rate, from the white toque on his head to his boots, he was enveloped in a waterproof covering. ' His face was shielded by a white mask, painted to resemble a skeleton face, the eyes glaring brightly out through the sockets, while the hands were protected h'y gauntlet gloves, painted to resemble skeleton fingers. Behind the saddle of the 'Weird rider was a large roll of blankets, also en veloped in white waterproof, while bags of the same description, ■with food for • man and horse, hung upon either side. A rifle painted white was slung to the saddle-horn, and revolvers were hidden in holsters, and thus sheltered. Altoge ■ ther the horse and rider presented an ap pearance that was weird and startling even by the light of day, and would have been strangely so by night. The horse was a large one, and moved along as though in no way fatigued. Suddenly the horseman paused. Ke had heard cries ahead. They were the wild war-cries of white men. Then, mingled with them, were heard the Indian war-cries. The phantom-lilre horseman listened attentively. His horse pricked his ears forward and seemed a trifle nervous. Nearer grew the sounds, but the horse man kept his position. He looked like one to scare rather than to be scared, lie sat there for some time, neither horse nor rider seeming to feel the bitter cold wind that was driving through the can yon. or to care for the falling, blinding Nearer and nearer grew the sounds. They were evidently coming back down the canyon. Then came a lull, then a rifle volley,, and following was a wild chorus of war-cries. They came, too, from the lips of pale-faces. Next was heard the cracking of revol vers, and these rattled rapidly and fiercely for a while. Then these ceased their deadly rattle, and again were heard the defiant cries from pale-face lips, fol lowed by exultant shouts from many warriors. - 