THE BUDGET PROPOSALS. A week ago the Opposition lashed itself into a state of virtuous fury at the action of tho Governunent in "raising the fiscal question" by going to tho Custom-house for temporary accommodation, pending the issue of the present Federal movement. Last night, however, nvhen ,ilhe new taxation proposals came up In specific form, tho sarno party made them the subject of a long and acrimonious fiscal debate. . Although the House by Its vote on tho censure motion has emphatically endorsed the course taken by the Government, the spent arguments against it used on that occasion were brought into requisition again, with the view of showing that the Opposition had become the defenders of the freetrade faith against an insidious protectionist attack. And all by way of indignant protest against the fiscal question being raised I It was never seriously raised in the present House until the Opposition sought to make a technical inconsistency from tho freetrade standpoint, in the financial proposals of the Premier a pretext for sneaking in a protectionist Go vernment. That attempt signally failed, and what is popularly understood as "tho fiscal question" thereby received its quietus. Ilenco any further discussion about the extent to which freetrade or protection is involved in the new taxes is simply a vain effort at political ghost-raising. ' The new taxes for which the rremier asked last night are for a clearly defined purpose. He estimates that owing to certain items of iucrcased expendi ture next year's revenue will fall short of requirements by some quarter of a million pounds. It is for the purpose of filling in this gap that the additional Income is Want ed. And, as Mr. Reid said last night, he put freetrade aud protection aside so that the money might be got in the readiest way, aud thus prevent any interruption to the work of Federation, which, if there is any sincerity in the present Parliament, may now bo regarded as approaching, the point of completion. We do not say that the proposed taxes are in every respect beyond ob jection. The Government do not take that view themselves, hut, as is usual on' such occasions, offer to accept any reasonable amendments upon which the House may choose to insist. Furthermore, Mr. Reid declared during the censure debate, and repeated last night, that he was willing to make .the new duties, which are as distaste ful to him as to their severest critics, opera tive only for a limited term, at the end of which they must either pass into "the hands of a Federal Parliament or lapse. Any of the items may be objectionable "per sc." but in tho light of those facts to regard them as "raising tho fiscal question" in a manner contrary to the understanding at the election calls for an abandonment of reason which only the sheerest desperation could prompt. A great mouthful is made by the Opposi tion out of an alleged pledge of theirs that the fiscal question should not be raised as a stumbling-block to Federation. We have seen some of those who havo most to say about this ou former occasions putting elec tion pledges aside as of no consequence, and calling upon others to do the same. We havo also seen them raise a tariff barrier across the path of Federation measuring more yards in height than that now proposed measures in inches. But lot that pass. What we are now more concerned about is this precious pledge of theirs against raising the fiscal question in the present Parlia ment, where Mr. Lyne has undertaken to "hold up the flag of protection." The ob ject of it 1b that Federation Bhall not be em barrassed. The Opposition are not averse to the fiscal question in itself, and unless the in terests of Federation would suffer, tile rea son for the pledge would disappear. The pledge, therefore, does not bind them to t'un the country into debt; nor would it exempt the Opposition, if they came into power to-morrow, from the obligation of finding money to carry on the government of the country. And the moment a new tax is proposed, the fiscal question Inevitably comes up. Mr. Barton foresaw this diffi culty when moving the recent censure mo tion, and attempted to get over it by deny ing that there was any necessity for new taxation, as tho existing sources of revenue, were sufficient to make ends meet. Subsequently, Mr. Lyne contradicted it by repeating the well-worn assertion that Mr. Reid has already spent over a million pounds more than lie received ' since taking charge of the Treasury. . If that is honestly believed by his followers, the necessity of the Opposition for raising more revenue would be much greater than that now ac knowledged by the Government. What would they do, therefore, were they invested jftlth the responsibilities of office? They would either have to run the country into debt or raise the fiscal 'question, pledge, or no pledge. A- novel suggestion was. made by one of their leading speakers last night for meet ing this difficulty. True, he did not offer it as the policy that the Opposition would pursue, but as , ho blamed the Government for not adopting It, that should amount to the same thing. Instead of proposing new duties such as those on tea and rice, which, as they create no vested interests, can bo taken off ns quickly ns they are put on, his contention was that the Government Bhouid have abolished the exemptions under the land tax. It Is fair to ask, therefore, whe ther tho Opposition nro now prepared to support a policy of that kind. When the land tax was before the House, they op posed it root and branch. They favored exemptions being made as high as possible, on tho ground that tho more exemption the less tax. Later, when, after a long and painful operation their leader with many pro tests was "drawn" on the question we learn ed from him that the fiscal policy of the party involved abolishing the existing land tax, and supplying its place with Customs duties. Now tlicy indirectly advocate piling up this very tax by making it applicable to all tho lands of the colony, without any ex ception. Of course, it may not he necessary to take this too seriously, but in that case what becomes of their contention that the duty of the Government at the present junc ture is to raise the fiscal question by a pro posal for extending the principle of land taxation, instead of putting a duty ou tea? If it is the duty of the Government to do that it would,' under similar circumstances, be the duty of the Opposition. And vice versa. The question, therefore, resolves it self to this. Pending Federation, docs the Opposition pledge oblige them to support, land taxation of a more drastic nature than that at present in force? If it does, then since their leader at the elections, Mr. Lyne, pledged them to "hold up the flag of pro tection" in the new House, they havo turned about the sharpest political curve that any party has ever succeeded in getting round. If not, tile attempt to blame the Govern ment for not getting the required amount of new revenue from land taxation perishes in its own absurdity. 