m cik Piap- $Dou>$ to See- ADELAIDE: FOB THE COMING WEEK. THEATRE ROYAL.—" Called Back," and "My Partner." BIJOU.—Hudson's Surprise Party. MELBOURNE: FOR THE COMING WEEK. PRINCESS THEATRE.—" Under the Red Robe." THEATRE ROYAL.—"Sons of the Sea" BIJOU.—"Pattie Rrowne's Co." OPERA HOUSE.—Rickards' Co. In " Man to Man," at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, we saw Mr. George Rignold in quite a different character to that of a young; lover whom we could forgive not, successfully impressing us in his acting, if only he looked anything like the character he was intended to represent. Bill Burkeley, the bold bad picker of oakum, who in a calm sensible sort of a way goes round wrecking trains and casually knocking out warders with their own rifles, is a most interesting character in the hands of Mr. Rignold. It is a consistent piece of acting, well carried out. Miss Lilian Wheeler as Ethel Mathorne looked charmingly pretty, and speedily succeeded in gaining the sympathy of the audience for her woes. Mr. Robert Inman as James Gordon made a capital lover, his conception of the part being a manly and self-contained one, never bordering on exaggeration. Mr. Laurence Dunbar made Richard Ellerton the most villainous villain it is possible to imagine, much to the indignation of a crowded and excited gallery. The fun of the piece was provided by Mr. Harry Douglas as Samuel Plumtree, who was in love with Lavinia Dove, and Miss Georgie Smithson, who, as Lavinia, the naughtiest and giddiest old flirt it is possible to find in any melodrama, made one ripple from start to finish of her performance. Mr. Stirling Whyte as the slogging parson roused much admiration from the audience. The Gipsy girl of Miss Ada Guildford was a bright piece of acting. Miss Ethel Buckley successfully undertook the part of Ned Doyle. Mr. J. H. Greene and Mr. C. Johnstone did good work as warders, and minor parts were well filled. The spectacular effects were most realistic and well carried out. For the large portion of the community to which melodrama appeals, " Man to Man" will be a toothsome morsel. This Saturday night "Called Back" goes up, and will run for three nights, when "My Partner " will take its place. Admittedly the finest harpist in the world, Mr. W. T. Barker is well-known in all the big cities and towns of Australasia, having played in all the colonies during his seven years' life here. He harped for the first time in 1871, and joined the Royal Academy of Music, London, in 1881, remaining there till 1886. He has played three or four times at Buckingham Palace "before the Prince and Princess of Wales, Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, and other Royalties. He has often been heard, also, at the Crystal Palace, and St. James's and Albert Halls. All the big Academy medals and certificates were won by him. He has touched harp gently in several American cities, and since his arrival in Australia his delightful solos have always been most welcome items on countless programmes. Melb. music-world is fortunate in numbering among its members such a rare artist. Mr. T. P. Hudson's Surprise Party for his Indian tour is doing a short season at the Bijou Theatre to e cellent business. The co., though small, runs to good talent. The inimitable Harry Shines does a Scotch " turn" that is immensely funny, and his other patter is of the chippy, breezy type. Mr. Shine has shown Australian audiences that he has plenty of originality, and therefore it is a pity to see him adding a dash of Coleman's business to his performance. Misses Daisy Holly and Jessie Williams are seen in a capital skirt dance, cleverly done, and quite uncommon. They have the makings of a good double team. The Mintons are a very entertaining duo. Their banjo-playing is of decided merit, while their clog-dancing would be hard to beat. They are a pair that should be popular on the tour. Messrs. Sherwin and Gregory figure in a lively musical act, though it entirely lacks originality, and has been done to death by other artists. Miss Ivy Scott excels in her serio-comics, and she is evidently a young person with a future. Miss Violet Elliott sings "Daddy" and the aged "Out on the Rocks " in her usual style, and gets good encores. Mr. Hudson supplies the humoristes in a festive fashion thatsimply knocks the audience intoscreamsof laughter. It is a compact co. with many good points, but artists like Sherwin and Gregory would be more appreciated if they relied on their ability rather than kicking each other in a tender spot to raise a laugh. Miss Lala Go 11 inick is a capable instrumentalist. Mi3s Iza Millet does a recitation which is good in its way, but rather out of place in a variety show. Anyhow, the party provides an interesting, joyous evening's entertainment, and it should score heavily in the East. Mr. Edwin Geach had a wonderful season with Carl Hertz in the East. The illusionist is now in Loudon, where by this time the genial Edwin is also located. He intends staying there until Christmas, and will return to Australia via America. Hertz is said to have cleared £15,000 during his 2fc-year3' season this side of the equator. Kyrle Bellew was asked to create the part of John Storm in " The Christian," at New York this autumn, but he declined in favor of appearing with Wyndham at the Criterion. He will play Buckingham in " The Three Musketeers." Editor CRITIC—As you are aware Miss Reeves took a benefit on Saturday well we gave our serveces the ballet lime light men the band men in fact all of us and when I tell you that when it was all over Miss Reeve never as much as said thank you to any of us not even a bottle of lemonade and it cost a good many of the girls a sixpence for there tea it made all us girls so mad we said wed write we dare not sign our name or we wold get the sack but its the truth and every bodys talking about it she is the meanest we have ever had and every body hates her in the theatre you can use this if you like Signed—OSE OF THE BALLET, Opera House. [Miss Reeve certainly did not mention the members of the co. in her expressions of thanks from the stage.—ED. CRITIC]. Chirgwin, the " white-eyed Kaffir," contemplated a second trip to Australia under Rickards about the end of the year. But he wanted £150 a week, and full salary whilst travelling, so the deal is off. "Passepartout" Maurice began his stage career 12 years ago. He is a nephew of Cherri Maurice, who managed theatres in London, Paris, and Hamburg, and died two years ago, aged 92. Nephew " Sharj" has played in most European countries, and managed and played at the London Opera Comique. His favorite parts are "Private Sec." and "Charley's Aunt." "Charlie" Hollo way is pencilled to appear at the Dunedin Princess' in January, '99. Bateman and Maurice stay at Melb. Royal till Oct. 28, then Sydney and N.Z., with " Round the World" and several French and German dramas and comedies, of which they have about 60 in hand. " American jewellers do a good trade in making diamonds for actresses to lose. They are sold at so much per quart."—Ex. A well-known Melb. hotel and theatre engineer, whose play-house has of late become noted for its snide shows and fearful "perishes," had a misunderstanding last week with a member of the tenanting co. The result being that the " ghost" received a terrible pounding, which has since compelled him to lay up for repairs. "Johnny" Coleman will be 29 years of age on the 10th inst. Started on the boards when only 5 years of age, and, bar 5 years jockeying, has been acting ever since. Miss Ada Ferrar and Mr. Gaston Mervale return to London in November. Cynic : " Bit of Blue Chelsea "—a powerful chip of tragedy. The sort of thing that holds a man and makes him think. To enjoy, however, an auditor must be a man (or woman) who has known something of life, even if he lias only looked under the covering. "Johnny" Coleman takes a percentage out of the receipts at the Melb. Gaiety. Maurice & Bateman started co. at Melb. T.R. with £6,000 capital. Some people want to know what they will be worth when the season finishes. Julius Knight flourishes on a salary of £40 a week. Re " Sign of Cross " long run. Panto "Cinderella,' with Nellie Stewart and Maggie Moore in the leading roles, at Melb. T.R., 12 years ago held the boards from Boxing night until April. Veteran Howard Vernon has had 20 years on the stage—10 years of which with the Firm. Princess Theatre stage strutters now get their flowers handed in from Lily, Bourke-street. Why 1 A would-be boss s.s. refuses to hand up armsful of vegetable matter to the greater star, a refined and talented woman. On one occasion he was known to hurl a floral emblem at her with the Superbus-like announcement, " Next time you can hand the damn flowers up yourself." More than half-a-dozen men were in the wings and heard it, yet not one lifted his hand to thrash the cad who thus insulted a defenceless woman. Shame! "Which do you like best," she [asked, "George Rignold or George Darrell ?" " Oh, G. R. for me," he answered. " What! George Rignold ! " " No, Grattan Riggs." Collins: " How is G. H. Wood, a ' somewhat different' comedian. I heard him the other night again, after his four years' absence, and thought him 4 very similar' to a host of others. Same old wheezes about married men, late hours, &c.;, &c.; And, in addition, his raucous Yankee twang ! " Miss Ada Reeve " debutooted " at the age of four. Of The Potter an A'murkan paper speaks.thus: " Mrs. Cora Urquhat t Potter appeals througli a Press agent for sympathy, because her deserted husband is said to be at last collecting evidence for a divorce suit. Had he seen her disrobing act as Cleopatra, with Kyrle Bellew revelling in the beauties that she revealed, or had he observed her, painted and bedizened, driving through the streets of New York in an open carriage, with Bellew as her attendant squire, he might have been anxious to secure such evidence long ago. The Potter-Bellew affair has been a disgraceful scandal to the stage and to society, and I hope that the report that Mr. Potter had decided to end it is true." And Australia remembers also the last act of " Hero and Leander," in which Hero Potter falls across the nude washed-ashore carcase of the drowned Leander, Bellew. Thirty years ago the Melb. Liedertafel warbled in the old Adam and Eve in Little Collins-street, then run by Emil Weber. Was the meeting place of music, art and literature. But times have changed, and the Adam and Eve of to-day mainly derives its support from the riff-raff of Collingwood Flat, who hold their " hops " in an adjacent hall. King Hedley, of Melb. T.R., owns to 50, and a native of Walhalla (Vic.). First made his appearance 20 years ago on the boards with Bromley's amateur dramatic co. in the billiard room of the Walhalla Hotel. Photo, by J oh its/one CTShannessy, Melbourne. THE WORLD'S HARPIST, MR. WALTER T. BARKER, A.R.A.M., of Melbourne. 