005 A Daughter's Sacrifice, Bl MAURICE E. HsERVEr. CHAPTER XI. tOTv LEAIttS S IMETHING TO HIS ADYANTAGE. Roy Ainsleigh assured Edith that he would be a frequent visitor at the , bbey durien his fortnight's stay at Thorwold, and ;ie looked forward eagerly to the first of these promised visits. She was rapidly regaining strength, and fe:t equal to a short walk in the garden with the aid of a supporting arm. So the event, proved. but it was Hubert's that supported her. He came alone. ,"Where is Roy 1" she inquired anxsiously. anHe is at Thorwold,". said Hubert. "I have brought you a letter from him." Edith took the letter in silence and opened it. It ran as follows Thotwold, August 23rd. MIy dear Edith, I borrowed Hubert's cycle yester day and rode to the Abbey for the purpose, of course, of seeing you. In the avenue I met your father, and he, after a very frigid greeting, opened out on me in the nastiest possible manner about your self. He told me in the plainest terms that he entirely disapproved of my attentions to you, and would deem it a personal offence to himself should I attempt to renew them. Other things he said which I will not pain you by repeat ing; but the gist of it all was that I was utterly ineligible as a suitor, and that lihe would thank me to give the Abbey a wide berth in future. , hat could I say or do? Sir Philip is an old man and he is your father. How coull I retaliate? What I did was to return without a word to Thorwold, and to-morrow I shall return to London. Of what use is my staying down here when I am debarred from seeing you T 1 am sending these lines by Hubert, who knows nothing of what has occurred, Tell him, if you lhke, and let me know what you think I ought to do. Yours as ever, R~y. Edith read the first part of this luke warm effusion with heightened colour; but cre she had finished it, she had turned deadly pale. Roy's account of her fathers action aroused a strong spirit of opposition-of fight, within her. He had no right, she told herself, to stand thus harshly between her and her lover; but how came Roy to yield thus readily ? He had not even attempted to justify himself -had not even pleaded his love for her -had not even exipostulated agamst the decree which banished him from her presence. He had gone without uttering a word, and now he asked her what he ought to do. Would he have answered her thus, under similar circumstances, a few short weeks ago? She passed her hand across her forehead several times in a perplexed sort of way ; it was a habit she had latterly fallen into when worried or anxious. Then she gave the letter to Hubert. "Read it." she said simply. Hubert did so, carefully, thoughtfully. " I guessed from Roy's manner yester day, that some unpleasantness had occurred," he said presently, 'but I never suspected Sir Philip would go this length. t cannot quite understand his reason. He has never, to my knowledge, interfered between you and Roy before; has he Edith T" "No." she replied somewhat hesitat ingly; "but I think he was somewhat vexed that Roy saw me at the inn. He has changed very much in his manner lately, especially since that horrible little Jew arrived the man he used to call his secretary, you know." "Yes, I know." assented Hlubert ; "but I do not see how- this Mr Krek's return can affect your relations with my brother. Edith, I may use the priviieiee of an old friend-may I not -and ask you a blunt question 1" _ "Of course you may, Hubert," she answered, slipping her hand affectionately into his. " Are you not my elder brother as well as Roy's I Why, Hubert, how your hand trembles" "Edith," he went on, almost involun tarily tightening his grasp of the small white hand ; "are you sure that you love Roy-very much ? That it would grieve you very greatly to give him up ?' "f I think it would break my heart," s'e almost whispered. The soft brown eyes gazed bravely into hers, and if the mobile mouth twitched isr a moment, the heavy moustache con ,:e.i.ed it. " I understand," he said, very genly. "Thin you shall not give him up, dear, and-he shall not give yosu up. Sshail do wh~t I think he ought to have d ae--hsldiy ask Sir Philip the reason for his ohjecttou to my brother as a suitor for Sour hand; and, for my reward, you shall make a tour of the garden with me. Come Don't be afraid of leaning too heavily upon .my arm. Why, it seems hat the other day when I used to carry you on my shoulder I" And this is how it came to pass that Edith had Hubert's arm instead of Roy's to support her in her first walk. She culled him a rosebud and placed it in his coat. "lam thinking what answer I shall send-Roy," she said gravely. Poor Hubert l She mighi give him the rose, but her thoughts were always with his brother. " [m afraid I cannot help you, dear," he replsed. "Say just what your heart dictates." Shy, you have helped me, Hubertr" she rejoined, with the ghost of one of her old rippling laughs.; " That is exadtly what I shall say :,' Dear Roy,-Do exactly as your heart dictates.'" " Then I know what I should d6 were I Hov," was his comment. • h .What I". " Oh I Something involving a rope ladder .and post-horses," he explained with mock earoestnass. " t?r I daresay a tandem-cycle would be more up-to-date. And thus, heavy as was his own heart, he sought to lighten hers by cheerful banter. True to his resolve, he son?ht out Sir Phstip later on. The baronet received him rdiially enough until he broached the sub"0et of his brother's pretensionsto "dith's sasd" " "See her i Hubert," said Sir Philip, -suddenly chaa;9ing his tone, "I have ?always esteem.'. you very sigmhly, and, for the matter of that, althoguh I deem him somewhat empt v-headed, tI entertain Sno personal dislike t our brother. But once for all, this ton.olery betwen Edith and him must cease. he cannot afford to marry at all, much less to marry a girl accustomed to those reiemeut. life which only rich people can.indulge in; nor has he any prospects, so far as iknow except the remote prospect of o:-tliving -and succeeding you. I have other views with regard to my daughter, and until I .have positive assurance that this boy-atd -.girl nonsense is abandoned, I must insist -Oupon your brother discontinuing his visits to my house. I hope I make my meaning clear to you 7" "Not entirely so," corrected Hubert, quietly. " Am I to understand that your sole objection to Roy lies in the inade quacy-of his income to maintain your daughter in the style to which she has been accustomed "T "Supposing I said 'yes' to that ques tion," returned Sir Philip, drily, " how would that affect the issue ?" " Roy may very shortly be very much better off than he is at present," an swered Hubert. "There may be a fairly adequate fortune held in trust for him, until he either marries or attains the age of twenty-five, of which even he himself has no inkling whatever." "Why" beat round the bush?" de manded the iaronet testily. "Is there any such trust in his favor' " ":You are forcing my hand, Sir Philip. Have I youtr promise that, if 1 answer your question,-you will treat the com munication as confidential " "Yes," was the reply. "I promise you that." - "Very good," said Hubert. "Then I, on spy part, pledge you my word that, if you will give your consent to IRoy's mar riage'with Edith, he will be in a position to give you, or your lawyers if you choose. clear proof of an income of £800 ayear in addition to a settlement of £10,000 upon her.; Does that satisfy you 7" .' Well, of course, you're very unex pected statement alters the case entirely." admitted Sir Philip; "and, as I have said already, I have no objection to the lad personally. But are you quite sure of your facts-and figures 1" " Absolutely. I am, if anything, understating the income, and I am asking you to sanction the marriage only upon condition that tne proofs are forthcoming. That is fair, is it not ' . "Yes, it seems fair enough. I presume, since you speak so positively, that you are yourself acting as your brother's trustee 7" . "Yes, I am." "Then that settles the question," re joined Sir Philip. "Subject to your own conditions, t withdraw my objections to the match. But why have you kept this trust a secret all this time 7" " If you reflect a moment, you will readily see the imprudence of letting a mere boy like! toy know that he only had to get married in order to come into a large sum of money. Failing Edith, he mighit marry the first clever adventuress lihe came across simply to secure this money." 'Yes," assented the baronet; "there is reason in what you say. By the way I suppose there is no indiscretion in as suming that this fortune comes to him from his father 1" "From whom else should it come P" echoed Hubert. " I think the only re maining point to be considered is whether you would wish the young people to know the real reason for your change of front, or whether you - would rather let them suppose you have merely relented upon more mature reflection I" " Upon my word, I don't care a rush," was the candidly cynical reply. " leave it to you. Give them any reason or rea sons you choose - I'll not' contradict you.", "Very well," said Hubert. "Then ['ll give Edith a hint of the good news before return to Thorwold." " You're taking a world of trouble to bring two foolish youngsters together," rejoined Sir Philip, shrugging his- shoul ders, "and, in the long run. you'll prob ably get more reproaches than thanks for your pains. - They'll be yawning in each other's faces withiu six months of their marriage." - Hubert paid a second brief visit to Edith in order to communicate the suc cess of his mission. . " Glorious news, Edith," he exclaimed, with great show of exultation I" have succeeded in talking your father into a more amiable frame of mind-have over come all his-objections, and have his as surance that he will no longer stand in the way between you and !oy. There I Am 1 not a skilful arbassador ''? - Tears of gratitude and joy welled up in Edith's eyes. " Oh," Hubert," she cried.' "You have made me the happiest girl in England, and. I was feeling so miserable I Then Roy may come and see me ls often as he likes "T' " Yes, dear, as-often as he likes. There are to be no clouds between you any more-and now I must be off and let Roy know the pleasant course events have taken.. He'll be here early enough to-morrow you may be sure." "Good bye, Hubert," she rejoined, with a happy smile. "Good-bye, -you 'best and kindest of brothers." - That evening he took Ioy to task more seriously than he had ever done before, and not a little to that young officer's amazement. "You know,. Roy," he began, "that ever since our father's death it has de volved upon me--being so very much your senior-to take his place towards. you." " Quite right,' old fellow," assented Roy; -"and a deuced good step-father you've been." "Thank you, Roy," said Hubert simply. " At all events I have endeavored to do my best.- Now, I want you to bear in mind the semi-paternal character of my relations towards you, because other wise you might consider the subject I want to discuss with you td;night to be no business of mine. I refer, of course, to your position with]respect to Edith." "I don't see much use, anyhow, in discussing that matter," remarked Roy, a little impatiently. "'Her father has simply forbidden me the house. Did she not tell you ?" "Yes, she showed me your letter; but I afterwards had a talk with Sir Philip, with the result that he has entirely altered his views. He has now not the smallest objection to you as a ?irospective son-in-law." "And, pray, how did ~ou effect this sudden conversion -" asked Roy, in great surprise. "He was barely civil to me yesterday." 'S Well, his sole objection to you arose from his belief that you could not afford to maintain a wife suitably. I disabused his-mindl of this erroneous belief, that was all." ' Erroneous 1" repeated Roy, in utter bewildermnent. " Why, you know per fectly well that I have only £200 a-year of my own, and that my pay doesn't cover the mess-bills. Where does the error come in 1" "I'l tell you. There is-well, call it a trust-fund, if you like, by which you will benefit to the extent of about £800 a year, together with a lump sum of £10,000, upon your marriage. " How on earth did you find out this I It's the first I've heard of it." "Never mind how I found it out,"said -lubert, drily. " Suffice it for you that it is a fact, and that I have convinced Sir Philip of its reality." •Roy stared at his brother for some time as though he doubted the evidence of his own ears. " Is this really the truth, Bert '" he asked presently-" Upon your word 1" "Upon my word it is,':" was the reply. "So soon as your marriage with Edith Caledon is definitely arranged, steps will at once be taken to place you in posses sion of both income and settlement money. I phould ineption that the £10,000 is intended for settlement upon your wife." "It's the most extraordinary thing I ever heard of 1" exclaimed Roy. "And you are as mysterious, about it as. a sphinx. However, the point-seems to be that, so far as securing the money is con cerned, the sooner I get married the bet ter, eh 1" "That is so," assented Hubert; "if, indeed, you regard it as the principal point. Some time must, however, neces sarily elapse before you could well ask Edith to marry you." "I should rather think so," rejoined Roy,.emphatically. "She won't be able to get about properly for months, and as for her hair- --" "Roy l""interrupted his brother, almost angrily: "You are an ass I What on earth has the length of her hair to do with her getting married 7" S"Oh. nothing I" returned Roy, some whatsnettled in his turn. "I suppose a girl can: always get through the ceremony provided she has a tongue left; but I confess I should like to see Edith looking something like her former self before she faces the parson." " Well, you two must arrange that between you. You will hear from the solicitors to the trust in about a month's time; meanwhile, see Edith as often as you reasonably can-your visits will cheer her up. Of course, you'll stay the fort night now 1" "Can't, old fellow 1 Find I must be in town within three days at the latest." Hubert bade his brother good-night abruptly, and left him. "He cares nothing for her now," he muttered to himself wearily, "And she loves him. How will it all end 7" Roy was a daily visitor at the Abbey during the three days to which he had cur tailed his stay at Thorwold; and, in his interviews with Edith, something of the former lover-like tone had revived. Something, but not everything. He had found it extremely easy and pleasant, in the old days, to make love to a pretty girl radiant with health and high spirits. From lawn tennis and cycling down to surreptitiously "larking" a four-year-old over a fence, she had ever been eager to share, so far as might be, in his amuse ments and sports. Now she was but a shadow of her former self -her exuberant gaiety was all gone, and she coull hardly walk fifty yards unaided. He was genuinely sorry for her, and was as kind to her as he knew how to be; but he was no more the same Roy than she was the same Edith. He told himself, and all but told her, that it was hard lines for them both she should have met with this mis nap, which debarred them from sharing their old pastimes. It did not occur to him'to mask his own disappointment and to encourage her by talking cheerily of the future. It was not in him. • He was merely an easy-going, shallow young fellow, who lived entirely for the present. Love has keen eyes for some -things, and Edith. noted every detail of 'the' change that had come over him ; but she was more concerned in finding excuses for him. It was only natural, she told herself,'that he should find her society less attractive than formerly ; indeed, it was very kind and good of him to give her so much of his time. At his age he could :not be expected to display the gentle, 'watchful tact so characteristic of Hubert. She would soon be well and strong again, and then things would be exactly as they had been before between them. And so Ray, still feeling himself some how ill-used, returned to Lond in without' opening his lips to Edith upon the sub ject of a formal engagement "I shall come down to Thorwold for three weeks or a month at Christmas," he told her, "and by that time -youwill be quite yourself; again." - '! At Christmas l" she echoed wonder ingly. "" That's ailong way. off yet. Shall I not see you again until Christmas 1' ' Oh I I daresay I shall manage to run down occasionally for a couple of days' shooting," he answered, " lit it's not so easy to get leave of absence as people imagine. Your brother talks of quitting the service, and. by Jove! I've a good nmind to follow his example. Good-bye, dear. Make haste to get strong and well again -for my sake,' he added with a flickering gleam of the old love. - "I'll_try hard-for your sake, Roy," she assented, with a trace of a sob in her voice. "Good-bye. Give my love to Reggie, and tell him that everything is sure to come right in the end. Good-bye again, Roy." To his.brother's thinly-veiled questions ha replied, as little evasively as possible, that everything would be settled between Edith and himself when she got a little better; and, with this somewhat vague assurance, Hubert had to remain content ; and, indeed, so long as Edith could look forward to the future hopefully, he was' satisfied. CHAPTER XII. SKREK P]AYS AN AWKWARD HAND. After the preliminary skirmish, Sir Philip arid Krek contrived to hit it off faisly well ii their subsequent intercourse, both of them probably realising that there was nothing whatever to be gained by further bickerings. Krek aired his guns and his golf-sticks about the demesne, occasionally blowing a grazing rabbit to pieces und distinguishing himself, upon at least one occasion, by riddling an aged hen- pheasant (which he surprised roosting upon a bough) a fall month before pheasant shooting had commenced I These sportsman-like feats he varied by making copious entries in a note-book concerning crops and timber-an excuse, most pro bably, to justify his continued stay at the Abbey. He kept avery keen eye upon all that went on around him, and appeared to be specially interested in the comings and goings of the two Ainsleighs. Sir Philip had promised Hubert to treat his communication as confidential, but Krek somehow contrived to pump it out of him. "A .queer story that, about the trust funds," he remarked musingly, "very queer; but as the elder brother guarantees the money to be all right, we must suppose it's true. There's no end to the vagaries of some testators; for instance, my father-" " 1 thought you told me he died intestate ?" put in Sir Philip. "So he did," assented Krek hastily '' So he did i but I remember him saying -however, that's neither here nor there. This young Aiusleigh is no great catch after all." " Pretty fair, as times go,"' said the baronet, "especially as his brother is not likely to marry, and he comes next in succession." " You know best, of course," rejoined the Jew, "but it seems to me that, if I had a daughter and a scapegrace son, it's the daughter 'd pin my faith uponto set things straight by a brilliant marriage. \- "The daughter, eh " repeated Sir Philip in some surprise. " Strange to say, that never occurred to me before." "Of course it's merely a suggestion. offered with all due deference," explained Krek as meekly as he could; "but if you come to think of it, rich men are far more plentiful than heiresses, and lots of them would pay handsomely to secure a beautiful wife, and a baronet for father in-law." "I daresay you are right," drawled Sir Philip reflectively, "and the girl ?sn't even engaged yet, anyhow." Which, meant that he by no means regarded his compact with Hubert Ainsleigh as irre vocable should a more eligible suitor than Roy subsequently appear upon the scene. What, after all, would he-Sir Philip-benefit by Edith's marriage with Roy I She would be fairly well provided for, but such provision would avail no thing. to redeem the Caledon Abbey estates. The Jew's suggestion was, he thought, an extremely sensible one. Krek saw that the seed had taken root, and was quite satisfied. Once the egotis tical baronet grew familiar with the idea of reaping personal benefit from his daughter's marriage, he was not likely to be over-fastidious about the social stand ing or appearance of his saviour-in- law. " If fairly driven into a corner," thought Krek, "he would sell her to old Nick to save himself." Meanwhile Krek raised himself con siderably in Sir Philip's estimation by announcing that he was satisfied, with what he had seen of the hitherto unen cumbered lands, and was prepared to con clude the business without further delay. Sir Philip need only accompany him to the office of Mr Nathaniel Dyson, sign the necessary bonds, and receive the £11,000. " I regret," he added, with a sour leer, " that I have not had an opportunity of paying my respects to hdr ladyship or to Miss Caledon, but-" "' Oh, as to that, make your mind quite easy," laughed his host. " To tell .you the truth, my wife refuses' to return to the Abbey so long as you're here." " Very considerate of her ladyship, indeed I" snarled Krek. "Whilst, as for Edith," continued Sir Philip, "she assured me no later than this morning, that she was sure she would have a relapse if she saw you.' You're a won derful financier, Krek, but, you see, you're not exactly a ladies' man. Ha, ha, ha I" "Ha, ha, ha I" chorussed Krek, "but in a tone of such concentrated, fiendish malignity, that the baronet absolutely recoiled a few steps from him. "As you say, I'm not exactly a ladies' man; they run away from me, the pretty dears- they always did. But sometimes I overtake tlhem, and then-Oh, how I pet them and love them I Bless them l" Sir Philip* shrugged his shoulders. " What a vampire I" he muttered to him self. "All dwarfs are alike, I suppose." But vampire or no vampire, Krekhad his uses; nor did Sir Philip disdain to travel with him next day to London to receive the promised money. That once safely lodged in his bank, he favored the lender w.th the curtest of farewell nods. " By-bye, Krek," he said airily. " We shall meet again I daresay one. of these days." "I hope so, Sir Philip," replied the Jew-with grim earnestnes. I quite live in the hope of meeting you again." The baronet looked at him keenly, as though half-suspecting some covert insolence or menace in the words; then he turned upon his heel and left him without further commenl. ?' "'Noiw then, Nat," said Krek to the lawyer when they were alone, " what is the strength of that postscript in your letter'about those other mortgage bonds ? Nothing wrong, is there ?" " Well, I don't like to speak too posi tively, and I certainly don't wantto make you feel- uneasy without cause, but I'm afraid there is something wrong,"' was the reply. "Out- with it, man I'' exclaimed Krek irritably. ". What is it I" " " Why, so far as 1 can make out- -after very,careful inquiry-it would seem that the entail upon the lands known. as Hill side and the Home Farm was never barred," exclaimed Dyson. "There is no doubt as-to the intention, both on his father's part and hip own, to bar these entaiilllike the rest ;but by sonme over= siht,' this intention was? never acdtually carried into effect. .No suspicion of this mistake has ever arisen. but the conse quence is that about £46,000 worth of the mortgages are really only valid during Sir Philip's lifetime." ' "It's a lie I" Krek almost yelled. "Do you suppose my father was the sort of man to.mistake a life interest for a freehold I It's a glaring stupid lie, I tell you 1" "Your- father purchased these bonds from old Levi," persisted Dyson, "never suspecting why the latter was so anxious to get rid of them, although no doubt the old for had discovered the.flaw. Besides, may tell you that your father, to my knowledge. was unaccountably careless reckless almost-in his anxiety to secure all the mortgages upon the' Caledon estates. However, be all this as it may, I can only assure you that, to the best- of my belief, the thing is as I say. Make your own inquiries and satisfy yourself ; but, for your own sake, be careful the secret doesa't leak out. It may be pos sible to passsthese bonds on to someone else." Krek well knew that Nathaniel Dyson was the last person in the world to be mistaken upon a point like this, and his blood fairly simmered in his veins as he reflected upon the consequences to him self. The one ray of comfort he could discern was that.neither Sir Philip nor Rieggie Caledon had the faintest suspicion of this flaw in his claims; and his plain course was to rectify this flaw before it should be discovered. This idea, after a copious preliminary of snarling lamenta tions, he communicated to Dyson. "Yes," assented the lawyer, "that, of course would be the best way out of the dificulty, if it can be managed. You would have to persuade Sir Philip upon some clever pretext or another, to bar the entails over again-or rather, to carry out the original; intention of barring these two." . "Leave that to me," said Krek, with a savage scowl. "He'll be glad enough to do what I tell him before l've' done with him I Aye, and so will se. too," he mut tored, " although I'm not exactly a ladies"man, and would frighten her into a fit if she saw me." "I didn't quite catch the last part of your remark," suggested Dyson. "'It wasn't meant for you to catch," snarled his amiable client. " You can hear me fast enough when I want you to. Anything fresh about Captain Cale don 1' "Nothing, except that I hear he is about to resign his commission. There has been some talk, it seems, about the high play that goes on at his place at St. .ohn's \Vood, and the report reached his solonel's ears." "That a good," said Krek, with'a grunt of satisfaction. "How much of his paper do we hold Did you manage that " " Yes, I got £600 worth of his dis honored acceptances at 25 per cent. dis count." "Very well. Put them into Aaron son's hands, and tell him to put the screw on tight-without letting my name appear in the matter, of course" "I understand," rejoined Dyson, grinning. "Anything else l' "No, except those items on the list I gavs you." " Oh, by tie way, old Judith has been round here several times, inquiring for you. Refused to state her business, ex cept that it was important to you, and concerned a woman you knew. "Confound her and .her woman l' growled Krek. " With all my heart!" assented the lawyer laughing. ' I don't want them round here I can assure you." Muttering some indistinct malediction upon the entire sex, Krek took his depar ture, hailed a cab, and bade the man drive to Shoreditch. He found Judith Marks at home in the Mildew Lane tenement-house, engaged in the innocent occupation of frying herself a bloater, the pungent odour of which delicacy so irritated his abnormal nasal organ that he was seized with a violent fit of sneezing. "it' do slimell a bit strong," she re marked apologetically, "but it vas tasty, and it vas cheap." "Throw the beastly thing out!" roared Krek, in an interval of his paroxym. "It would poison a skunk!" Then, seeing her hesitate, he seized the frying-pan and hurled the offending fish through the open widow, with a fine disregard of possible wayfarers in the lane below. " And nd6," he said, lighting an anti dotal cigar, "tell me what the deuce you mean by hunting me up all over the West End. More blackmail, you old harpy ?" "I blackmail you, Master Simeon1" she quavered, gazing ruefully at the empty frying-pan. "You- knows veil I vouldn't do no such dings. I ranted to see you to yarn you against dat voman Peggy Higgins, dat vas all She ish a dief-a low lyin' dief I" "Of course she is," growled Krek, "and you're another. -You made it up between you to bleed me, and now I suppose you've fallen out about division of the plunder-thieves always do. But what's that to do with me ?" Judith was somewhat taken aback by this specimen of Krek's insight. Of what use trying to pose as the "honest broker," with those malignant green eyes reading her every thought? "I see it is no use trying to play dark mit you, Master Simeon," she said, with a leer intended to express admiration of his acuteness. "Peggy promised me half of de money, for so long as you con tinued to pay it. " After you left us, she laughed at me and told me I vas an old idiot to believe she was in earnest." "So you were," assented Krek; "a worse idiot than I thought you were." " Peggy has gone to Bristol," continued Judith, " and von't have nodings more to do mit me. She dinks she has got rid of me, and can live like a lady mit her £20 a month. But I.vants mine share and I mean to have it." - "Get it then," snarled Krek. "Fight it out between you. I wish to goodness you'd kill one another and leave me alone." 't How can I get mine share, if you give it all to her ?" protested the old woman. "For de future, Master Simeon, you must give her half and me de oder half. Dat ish fair." " Is it ?" he sneered. "Why must I give you half, you old cat, eh i" "Because I have a tongue as well as she." was the quick retort. Krek glanced at her as though he felt strongly tempted to strangle her and so silence her tongue, for ever. There was obvious truth in her assertion, and she could if' she chose expose him almost, as 'well as his wife. Then he reflected that Peggy wou'd certainly refuse to accept half the stipulated allowance, and this meant that he would have to provide a separate a!lowance for tne old- woman. Even then he would never feel really safe ; either of them might at any moment betray him in a fit of temper or drunken ness. Finally, he had made up his mind already that, so soon. as his plans were fully. ripe for execution, his wife must, by some means or other, be removed from his path. Why not now just asewell as later on l Old Judith, properly urged, would stick at nothing in her greed for gold . - S"lI'm off l !'he. snapped out, curtly, putting on his hit. ' "I'm going to take out a warrant for your arrest." " Mine arrest: Master Simeon I" echoed Judith in alarm. " Vat for?" " You know well enough," he snarled. "Attempting to extort money by. threats .blackmail. You and Peggy may say and do your worst. I'll get you seven years apiece. t " His resolute tone and manner cowed Judith at once.' She quite believed that he could (if he were willing to face the exposure) do as he threatened. At all events, however it might fare with his wife, she herself would assuredly suffer.' "You alvays vas so hasty,' Master Simeon," she whined, hooking a shrivelled hand upon his arm to detain him. " Vat for you flies at me like die ven I only vants to get mine fair share of de money?" "I'll stand no more of your rascally plotting," he answered savagely; "un derstand that once for all. I agreed, with your approval, to pay this woman £20 a month. I am doing so, but I'll pay no more." Then, fixing his' hard pitiless eyes upon the old woman's-face, he added in a hoarse whisper : " I'd give £500, in golden sovereigns, to know for certain that she was dead I" Judith understood him instantly, and a look came over her withered coun tenance that almost matched the expres sion of his. "She don't deserve to be let live," she croaked. " She thought it rare sport to rob and laugh at de old voman vat did de business for her. Five hundred golden sovereigns, you said, Master Simeon ? " "Yes," he assented, watching her keenly. "Do you mean to earn them ?" "I do I S'help me, I do I" she almost hissed in his ear. "Give me some earnest money. Bristol ish a long vays off and de job may require time." Krek saw that she was in deadly earnest, and counted ten sovereigns into her eager hand. "There are four hun dred and ninty more waiting for you," he said coolly. "But mind-I must have positive proof she's dead I" "You shall have it," croaked Judith, "i f Peggy isn't poison- proof."' "Confound you I" raved Krek. "Keep your plans entirely to yourself !" "Quite right, Master Simeon," mum bled the hag, showing her toothless gums -"You vas quite right. .You knows nodings, except dat you vants to provide for your fader's old servant now dat she ish past york. Dat vas all, Master Simeon, bless you I" He had cursed her and she now blessed him; but the Recording Angel probably entered both invocations in the same ledger. (To be Ceontlinucsd) Much ofa man's success and usefulness depends upon the degree to which he studies the present moment, and so con trives that his power and its power shall work tbgether and in the same direction. Though the past demands our reverence, and the future our faith, we cannot live in either of them. Itis here and now that we must act, if at all; therefore let us embrace the present moment, do the work that lies nearest to us, strive to understand our fellow-men, to discover their moral and intellectual atmosphere, and to supply, according to their needs and our abilities, something which will promote their present and future welfare. The whale is believed by some natura; liste to have been originally a land animal, and to have fled to the water for safety.. Probably, when on shore he mar ried a talkative hippopotamus, and ra' away to sea because he oouldn't get a quiet momenttohimself. 