TERKIBLK BURNING AC CIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS-MjESK adhered to the pipe LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYING-PAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. Whilo in u hath inTitt-streot, n Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall ou the hot water pipes, and before ho could be,.so?.c.‘.V!i- he*. \vu,a scalded .n;id • ournt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning nnd the fall proved to very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, nnd for n number of years after ho was n confirmed invalid, suf fering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A fow months ago, however, reports began to bo circulated in the neighborhood that Mr. Jarvis was gotting round again, nnd that ho hiul had a most marvellous recovery from this np. pareutly incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from the Sydney IForker was despatched to got all information re garding same, and one afternoon ho made his way to his house, -to Orown Inne, Ultimo. Mr. Tims. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of tho happiest men in Sydney. Ho was tip and about, and able to answer the knook at the door. Although pale and lieariug' still a fow marks of a critical illness nnd n period of pain, it was very dear that lie was an invalid no more. In reply to tho preliminary ques tions he said:— “You want to know nil about my case ? Well I nrn glad of an oppor tunity to toll you. Tho facts may l>b of value to those who uro stricken nsl ■was." “ How long were you suffering? “Well, twelve months ago 1 got so had that 1 had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since thou. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an,accident; I was badly scalded whilo taking a bath in I’itt-street, Sydney. Since the Accident I linvo boon in failing health, nud after four yonra of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billot at tho Glebe Island.” “ What woro your symptoms ?” “Simply indescribable. Tho pains ■were something terrible. They were •just about ns much as I could boar. They were for nil tho world like as if a saw wero cutting my hones in two in every part of me. I had no control over Jmy bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself nnd overyono else. Iwas iuccssantly shivering nudshnking, .and could neither oat nor sloop. Cu the 23nl March last I saw a well knowu doctor, nnd ho told me that my caso was utterly hopeless. However, ho gave mo an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.” "Did you make use of the order?” “Yo ; I came homo nnd went to bed, and have boon pretty well in bed ever since. Divo weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could uot got out of bed. I.felt thou that it was all over with me, owl only a question of days when I would give up tho ghost. My doctor was attend ing tup, nnd did nil he could, hy opium and morphia pills, to enso the ngony 1 was in. I was under him for five or six crocks. Ho came to tho conclusion thot I wus suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, ■ charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait,' ami difficulty in co-ordinntiug voluntary movements. He told me that I might lost for ten years, and that I might nnvor got the use of my legs.. (Just them-tho patioitt kicked his legs ahout-'with energy to show tlmt medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will graip nt a straw, I grasped at an idea convoyed by tho advertisement des cribing the curo.offcetcd in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which 1 read in tho Awitrulian W ork man, by .Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Palo People. I vend in tho advertise ment of n case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was ns mnrvellous ns it was magical. I was able to cat and sleep ns though nothing was tho matter with me. It was tho first appotito and rest I had for many a day. Il was incredible. I ilium diutoly loft the bed and wns abln to move about. You sen those crutches there? They ,nro perfectly now, and I have never used them. ’They were mado for me before I got Dr. ‘Williams’ Pink Pills, but I was too weak'to uso them, nnd now I don’t want them." “Ho is 100 per coat, better," snid .Mrs. Jarvis, who bail come in anil taken tho baby an her knoes, “The Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pain People have saved his life, and made another man of 'him." A friend who culled in at this point olid that; Jams looked toil years Miut.g- r tlint day than lie did a fort “ night previous. ■‘1 can now,", continued Jarvis, “ have a cold hath, and all the‘feeling has come book into my legs. .Inscribe, nil the change and benefit to Dr 'Williams’ Pink Pills. They have saved my life: I,,am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On tbo niautplpiieo tliero ib a box of opium nnd morphia pills which the. .doctor gave mo to deaden the ox-; crucinting pnin- But they can stay where they .are, for I no, longer noed i> ;theni. Everybody ivho knowp.roe has, ;bcen apiazed at the change in mo.. ' They'ican hardlyboliove their eyes. ViMyiciiemg, .about, .ag«K '<}»«« ommed npito a sona.iliiin out'heim.Y i Jiluch.ia tliis ronmrkahlo hiBtory, apd it confirms wiint,is.^aidi iii all the i.liiof nowspopers ,pf‘tliis .opuntry of tlie fis tbnishiug ouies ivyrought iby linuis’ Pink 'Pills far Palo Peppl*., They euro locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinbil disonse, also the tunny disorders which, arise from an impoverished state of the blood, 6uch as encomia, palo and sallow complex ion, goneral muscular weakness, indi gestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the hack, norvous headache, eto. Mr. J. S. T, M'Gownn, leader of the Labor Party in tho N.S.W. Logisla tivo Assembly, was soon by our re porter in connection with tho remark able case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. Ji 'i'mvai says ho has known Jarvis froiu -infancy.' Ho also know that hs •had to give up his work at Globe Is land abattoirs twelve months ago ow ing to a malady which ho developed. Ho afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, nud that thore was little chance of his recovery. Ho under stood Jarvis was rofusod admission to Sydney Hospital, as his cubo hnd boon pronounced incurable. Mr. M’Gowsn was, therefore, like everyone olso who know the facts, astounded nt the com plete recovery of Jarvis. Theso wonderful pills nro obtainable from leading chemists, or from tho Dr. Williams’ Medicino Co.., Flindors streot, Melbourne, who will forwnrd, post paid, on receipt of stamps or. post order, one box for 2s. 9d., or half a dozen for los.'Sd. Soo that the genuine Dr. Williams’ are gotton. 