HOLY TRINITY CHURCH CONVERSAZIONE. AN over-flowing audience filled the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday evening, when a programme of music, tableaux- and a comedietta was success fully performed. The first item was a pianoforte duet, " Bilder Aus Dem Siiden" (Pictures of the South), played by the Misses L. and M. Breaks in a competent and most pleasing. manner. A tableau followed taken from Macbeth, '"Fire burn and cauldron bubble," Miacbeth meeting the witches. The witches being Miss Law, Mrs Macdonald and Miss Bracha, Mr Hugh Glass being Macbeth. This tableau was very effective and greatly admired, the witches being quite too pretty. In the following tableaux, "Lady Mac beth welcoming King Duncan," "Ghost of Banquo Appears," "Hence horrible shadow," the parts were taken by Miss Styles, Lady Macbeth; King Duncan, Mr Baylee; Earl of Lenox, lMr Selby Link; Banquo, Mr Percy Rose; Court Lady, Mrs If. Under wood; attendant, Miss Bouton. The dresses were superb, being the same as those worn at the Shakesperian Ball held in the Melbourne Town IHall. Great applause was deservedly given to these pictures. Mr J. Pennefather created much laughter with a humorous Scotch song, and gave a very funny Irish composition as an encore, Mr H E.: Wethlerick (a member: of St.i : Paul's Cathedral choir) sang " The Dear Home Land." "A Summer Night" was sung by Miss Kitty Grindlay in her usual artistic manner; as an encore she gave, "We'd Better Bide a Wee." Miss Grindlay also sang the duet "Maying" associated with Mr A. V. Hannah. Mr A. V. Hannah sang, " My Life for Thee," for which he was recalled and sang " The Waggon." Miss Minnie Tubb sang "For All Eternity" in an easy, fluent manner. Miss Tubb received an encore and sang "Sixty Years Ago." Dr. Bryant was successful in his song " The Swallows," and on being recalled he gave "Come into the Garden, Maude." Miss Ada Browne acted as accompaniste throughout the evening. An apology was made for the absence of Mr J. Dawson, who was to have played a violin solo. Miss Styles was splendidly effective in the letter scene from Macbeth, and looked regal in her queenly robes and coronet. Miss Styles was recalled and gave a second recital, Portias, speech to Lord Bassanion (Merchant of Venice). In the comedietta, "A Sensational Case," Miss Styles took the part of Miss Jennings and Miss Kitty Grindlay as Mrs Winter. The scene opens in Miss Jennings' sittingroom, at a seaside boarding house. Miss Styles acted splendidly the, part of an inquisitive maiden lady with regard to the affairs of her fellow boarders. Miss Grindlay (Mrs Winter) was very bright and animated, in her part, having to do a great deal of laughing, in which she was most successful because most natural. Stage laughing is sometimes very artificial. At the conclusion of the programme refreshments were handed round, after which a vote of thanks was accorded to all the performers, and the National Anthem was sung. Very great credit is due to the ladies and gentlemen who took upon themselves the work of arranging such an admirable programme. 