A RACING TARN. COMPLETE SHORT STORY. Few years ago, not tar trom jvingatou, tliere were two 'houses inhabited by n.e^v tenants. The one "was a staring red briclc villa with extensive grounds, the other was a ramshackle cottage with a little strip ol garden in front of it. The former was the residence of Bob If owlet, the bookmaker, while the latter was tenanted by Dick Merton, an erstwhile owner of racehorses. Some two years before Mertoiis turf career had come to an end, as ill-luck would have it, just when, if continued, it would have begun to be prosperous. At that time he owned a yearling that atter wards won the Derby; and was, when tins story opens, the favorite for the St. i-egsr. It was Howlet s custom every morning to walk up and down the drive by his front door with a big cigar in his mouth and his hands in his pockets, and he would seem to derive much comfort trom the aspect of Dick Merton's humble dwelling. . The two men had known each other in the business of racing, and the bookmaker had once had a dispute "with the owner. It would seem that Merton had forgotten the latter fact, for one day as Ilowlet swacrgered before his mansion jJick. eaiuc out "of his cottage and, instead of making for the hostelry where lie usually re freshed himself, approached the book maker's pretentious gates and came through them. , ., . , "He is going to try and tap me," said the bookmaker to himself, and, as—unlike most of his class—he was not a generous map, he resolved that Dick should get nothing from him. Mr. How-let had come to a right con clusion. ■ Merton, it seemed, "was terribly in ivant of .a ten-pound, note, as. he could not pay the rent-of his .cottage. He asked the bookmaker to help him. ' I have paid you a good lot in my time," he added. ... , "That's a good ""un, that is,"' replied Mr. Howlet, "tell that for a yarn. 1 am to keep you 'cause you tried to win my money and didn't. You can go and hang yourself. Yes, you'd he worth a hit of money if you did that. I-would promise a hundred for your funeral expenses." "Yes, you would like to sir me dead. It would void Dictator's nomination for the St. Leger," replied Merton. Mr. Howlet' stared at the other for a second or two, and then without any more, words he. turned and walked into his house, slamming the front door. One morning about a week after this Ilowlet happened to see a dog-cart stop ping at Dick Merton's door, and lie recog nised it as that of Mr. Manis'ty, a, local doctor. / "Hope there is nothing, wrong with liiy friend, Merton?" the bookmaker asked, as the doctor dame out of the cottage. "Is he a friend of yours," said the doctor. Well, tliere is nothing very wrong with him just now, but he ought to take great care of himself. lie is in a very delicate state. His constitution is all knocked to hits, and if he had an illness of any sort he has no strength to resist it." Mr. Howlet said very little and came to -the- conclusion that the doctor's report did not amount .to very much. Certainly if there was any reason to expect that Dick -would not live until the "Teat north country race was run it would be well worth taking 5 to 1 about Kin-- Lear, the second favorite for the St. Leger, for with the Derby winner out of t'ne way it would seem to be almost a certainty. King xiear and Dictator were—oy a long way—the two best horses of their year, and it was hard to see that there was anytiiing else in the St. Leger what had the remotest chance of beating them. They bad finished first and second in me Two Thousand and- the Derby, arid in another race at Newmarket. King Lear would be certain to win the St. Leger if the ravorite fell down—so a very good judge of racing had written. If not he would be certain to come in second. They were laying 5 to 2 on Dictator, but if anything happened to put him out of the race t-hev would lay ■erven longer odds on King Lear. As this was the case, it is needless to say that Mr. Howlet was interested wnen, a week after his first conversation' lie again saw the- doctor's dog-cart at nis neighbor's door. "Well, how is he getting on ?" he asked, having w-aited for the doctor to come out. "Ah, I am glad to see you. Perhaps you can tell me if he has any relations who ought to be told of his state. lie is down with typhoid fever, and in his poor health it- is very serious indeed." "Do you mean he is in danger?" "Well, he may in any hour become in very great danger; but he may pull through all right." "Well, he has no relations. I am the greatest friend he has in the world. He chose this cottage to be near i.ie." "Then I need take no more steps about telling anyone,"' said tlie doctor as he jumped into his dog-eart and drove off. Never "was a man more anxious in his enquiries as to the health of a sick friend than Mr. How-let. He even gave up. two days' racing so that he should be able to hear the very latest news. On the morn ing of the third cay he saw Or. Manisty coming from the cottage, and was struck ■with sometmug in his expression. "Ah, it's all over," said the doctox-, ''and it seems his death will make a great (leal | of difference to a good many people." "Well, I can't think of a single person j who need be told of it. • Bar myself, I don't think he has a friend in the world," said Mr.' Howlet, thinking that he woidd lose no time in backing King Lear before the news was known. "He told me that his death would put Dictator out of the St. Leger, and I pro mised him that I Avould. send telegrams to one of the news agencies and to several sporting clubs. Howlet stared at the other for a minute or two. with a curious expression in his little eyes. "Look here," he said, after some thought, "I can afford to make it worth your while to keep back those telegrams for twelve hours. That's all I want, and I will give you a hundred." "What sort of a man do you take me for?" replied the doctor with a look of in dignation. "Nothing would induce me to disobey the injunctions of a dying man. Let me tell you that you have made a great mistake as to what sort of a man I am. No, sir; I am going to send those telegrams off." Who could he waylay and get a big bet with about King Lear before the news was generally known ? thought Mr. Howlet, and he turned round and hurried into his .house to get ready to start for London. •He had, however, not got to his front door w-hen lie heard the noise of wheels approaching, and who should be driving past his house but the very man of all others whom he would wish to see at that particular time. This was a certain Mr. Hamlyn, owner of a few racehorses and a very heavy bettor, who lived in the neigh borhood. 'Howlet happened to know that Hamlyn thought Dictator's winning the St. Leger was a certainty. The bookmaker asked for a lift, as he wanted to catch a train,', .and directly he was in the dog-cart he began to talk about tne St. Leger. "I am going up to town to back King Lear," said Mr. Howlet. "Well, I should say a good many would he going up to town to-day with the same idea. Pity you didn't do it before," re plied Hamlyn. Howlet found himself wondering what the other could mean. Could he have heard the news? "Yes; the trial King Lear Avon yester day makes him good enough to win nine out of ten St. Legers, but he can't beat Dictator." "They will back nini, though. You see he won't be at more than 6 to 4. "He won't go to such, a shprt price as that, because lie has won a trial," replied Mr. Howlet, thinking how little any trial could matter. . "Yes he will, but lie won't win," replied the other. "I tell you what i will do," said Mr. Howlet, after he had been silent for some minutes. "I will take <3 to 4 if you care to lay it me in thousands." "I think they will make him a hot favo rite, but I will lay you £5,500 to £4,000." Ilowiet thought it was absurd to believe that there would have been the slightest chance of any trial that he could have Avon making King Lear favorite, so long as the Derby winner remained in the race, hut as things Avere, the odds Avould probably be about 3 to 1 on King Lear A\inning. So he took the bet. For the rest of the drive to the station, and during the journey up to London, Mr. HoAvlet Avas rather silent, for he Avas cal culating Iioav much his bet Avas Avorth, and Avondering Avhy such an absurd rule as that AA-hieh caused the de'ath of the nominator of a horse to make the nomination Aroid, Avas alloAved to remain unrepealed. It Avould be hard on the bookmakers Avho had laid against both King Lear and Dictator, for they Avould haA-e to pay the bets they had laid against King Lear, Avhile all their bets against the favorite AA'ould he void. "When tJiey arrived in London they both Avent to a sporting club to Avhich i.iey be longed. Howlet thought that it Avould be amusing to Avafceh his friend's face Avhen he learnt the news—which Avould probably haA-e arrived by tbat time—of Dick Mer ton's death. There Avere only a few- mem bers present, hoAvever, and the. doctor's telegram did not seem to luwe arrived. Nor did it appear that any of them had heard of any Avonderful trial that King Lear had Avon, "but Howlet eared A'ery little about that. Hamlyn, he could see, Avas inclined to think that he had made a A'ery good bet, for he suggested that they should sIioav their hooks to two members Avho Avere pre sent, so that there could he no grounds for any dispute, a course to which he naturally had no objection. After that Hamlyn left the club. Pre sently tAvo or three members dropped in, and "the St. Leger Avas mentioned once or twice, but there Avas no sign that tlie doc tor's telegram had arrived. HoAvlet Avondered Avhether the doctor was thinking better of refusing his bribe, and he thought of hacking King -Lear— against Avlioni they still laid 4 to 1—when a servant came to him. A gentleman,AArished to see him. "Depend upon it, it is Dr. Mainstay," Howlet thought. He saAV, however, the very lust person he expected to. see, Dick Merton, or his ghost. "Thought you'd be interested in hearing that Manistay Avas a little premature, and tliat I have made a Avonderful recovery," said Dick. "I am thankful for all your sympathy." Howlet AViis never able to prove that there was any conspiracy between the doe tor, Merton, and Hamlyn, but the doctor, he 'learnt, took a good deal of interest in racing, and in his own mind he never doubted* that they had all shared in a bet Avhich lie had every reason to know tliey niust have found a A-ery good one for hedg ing purposes.—Dalr.vmple J. Belgrave, in the "Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News." 