NEW PUBLICATIONS. Two excellent Catholic works of fiction reach us from the Sydney establishment of George Robert son and Co. 'The Spanish Crucifix and Other Tales,' by Ymal Oswin (London : Catholic Truth Society), is a volume of short stories with a Catholic motif which can hardlv fail to interest the most ex acting reader. The titular story refers to the early Reformation days, and is charmingly told. ' Gloomy Winters Noo Awa',' by ' M. M.' (pub lished by the Art and Book Company), is a simple little story of love and deception, in which the heroine is a sweet picture of feminine purity. A long season of tribulation is happily terminated, the chief characters being led unconsciously into the bower of the Catholic Church, which proves at once the balm of despair and the way to contrition. The American mail brings us two volumes from Messrs. Benziger Brothers worthy the attention of Freeman readers, ' The Catholic Father' is a manual of instructions and devotions for the use off Catholie fathers of modern times, by Eight Rev. A. Egger, D.D., Bishop of St. Gall, adopted ie-r use ira the United Staten by an American missionary priest. Some of the subjects treated of in this very practical little book are :— -The Dignity, Cares, and Joys of a Father— The Christian Father of & Family— The Catholic Father— The Sacrament of Matrimony— Husband and Wife— The Mother— The Child— Tho Christian Family— The Earliest Religious Education— The Earliest Moral Training — The Father's Co-operation in the Earliest Train ing of His Children— The Second Period in the Child's Training— The Respect Due to the Father — Firmness and Gentleness— Persuasion and Force —The Training of the Conscience — Later Religious Training— The Spirit of Faith— Temperament and Character— The Youth and the Man— The Ideal Prudence — Justice — Temperance — Fortitude — ? Chastity— Peace of Mind and Contentment— Choice of a State and Calling— At School and Among Strangers— Civil Duties— The Eventide of Life Christ and the Holy Family. Besides this there is a choice selection of Devotions and Spiritual Exer cises, specially prepared for Catholic Fathers. The book is printed on Indian paper, so as to make it light and thin, and though it contains a vast amount of matter, and has 640 pages, it can easily be carried in the pocket. The price is 75 cents. The second book is ' Visits to Jesus in the Taber nacle, Hours and Half-hours of Adoration before the Blessed Sacrament,' by Rev. Francis XaS'ier Lasance. This is one of the most important, complete, and practical books on the Blessed Sacra ment that have appeared in English. Its whole plan is original, and the devout reader will find that it contains perhaps a greater scope and a greater variety of devotions, prayers, aspirations, acts, &c;, in honour of Our Lord in the Tabernacle than any other book. It serves for short visits to Our Lord in the Tabernacle. It is designed to serve still better for long visits to the Blessed Sacrament. By means of it, half-hours and hours of adoration may be spent before the Tabernacle in the most fruitful and interesting manner. It tends to incul cate and to foster devotion to the Holy Ghost in connection with devotion to the Holy Eucharist. It is finally a prayer book for all ordinary occasions and devotions, especially for Mass and Holy Communion. It is specially suited for mem bers of Altar Societies and other confraternities. The volume (the price of which is 25 cents) contains 640 pages of matter, but as thin opaque paper has been used, it is in very convenient form. Something which will be very welcome to Ca tholics of both sexes in this country is a 5-cent, prayer-book cent us by Messrs. Benziger Brothers, the American publishers, entitled ' The Traveller's Daily Companion,' comprising approved prayerf, with ^preface by Most Rev. Win. H, Elder, D.D., Archbishop of Cincinnati. It contains the prayers for a journey, taken from the Roman Breviary/be sides a short form of daily prayers, Mass devotions, etc. The book is so small that it easily fits into the upper veot-pocket, and can be carried continually about one. The price (5 cents in cloth) will hardly convoy an idea of the dainty, and at the same time substantial character of the book. 