BISHOP COE ON CONFIRMATION. 4-» lljshop (oo, la tlh rconlt col'ir mation at Doncaster, in hirs usual simple mannelr, put forward with gr'at truth tile difforont beliefs and reason ings on this sacred point of a porsoIn'4. character. lle said that poraiips aI friend may ask " What is tlle good of confirmation ?" and to this gave four distinct reasons, dwelling on each to make it clearer to the mind. First, tho advantage of such thorough religi ous training; ascond, the advantage of coming to the communion table; third, the gift of the Holy Ghost; fourth. the opportunity of a public avowal of your belief. But the third may be queriod by a cynic, so reasons wore given to show whon this gift was sent-first, when we love to pray to God more and more, and, to illustrato this, the bishop drow a beautiful anal ogy from lifo, the pith of which was that a mother knows that her now born babo is alive when it begins to cry for her milk, So we are live Christians when we begin to cry to God for the nourishment he offers us. This is one sure sign that we have the gift of the 1ol0 Ghost, Second, when we love our biblo more anid Iloru, "' Thy word, Oh Lord, is a lamp to my fooet" Thirdlv. whc.;. wo love to comiej together to worship iM'partkuo of the holy communinon. B4t some may say ' Oh you are not good enough, you are not fit to come, not worthy of it," well God knows that better than you, con. sequently tho coining does not hang on your merits, but that leo has in vited you all. Not on merits but on invitation. Hero is where the bishop showed hlis grasp of the matter. Not like many ministers who can only show the sacredness of the comnunion and there stop, thereby raising barriors to many foot. It does not matter hlow amall we think our influence hero; like a candlu in the darkness its influ. once is felt at a great distance. Sco how it cass its rays into the gloom. The darker tihe nilght the greater the influence, though it is small. Anotherl foolish question often asked he pointed out was after the service-this is often aesked-" \VWell, bow do you feeol now?" as if God worked differently with, us than IIoHe does with thie corn mn tlhe ground, which springs into lifo no one knows when, and gradually comnes to maturity. Not all at once, but gra. dually. In all his reading he had never road in tlhe bible of people being saved by their feelings, but he had read about faith., To get into a boat and float down tihe stream is easy enough, but to pull against it means all your onorgy, n.u with lift we find it, and to help us in thus pulling against the stream we should pick our company. The best boat to row in will be ,ith those who attenlld tle CoullnlllUllioln. will find during life. although thlr, are black leepl in ev\cry gathlring. 