THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers I ross(jae(] by certain natives of Indin, who lire "I1 imnnp- the Himalaya mountains. These °'d men, it is said, have devoted scores of i'tors to the study of natural laws and forces. ,v'«ich the rest ot the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, 'llr_Uie purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They created rather scurvily, but interested him all the sr,!}e. One day the professor wanted to ex aiinno some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the nooks were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read here,'' said the visitor. 'Then wo will have some light, " was the reu'y, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He «uld not tell whenco it came, but ho noticed that it had one strange quality-it cast not the s'isihtcst shadow. . 1 his is a stury hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you havo seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbe lief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. L»r. Johnson sniffed at the ac cent of (he Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the talo of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What els<s but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example: "In the sprint of 1SSS," writes our correspon dent, " I fell into a low, weak, and languid state I lelt low-spirited aid out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour Huid, also bitter bile. Lateron I suffered ,trom nervousness and groat de pression off spirits. I kept up with my work, but had allays asense of discomfort. Off and on I contjniied in this way for two years, noth ing that 1'-^k rnliRving me. At just I heard 'jTTy.^^^ffTbadTiiburTmly a few doses X found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness loft me. Although X hrd no reason at ftjst to feel any confidence in thi medicine, nyver having used it or seen it used8 I now gladly admit it's value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of licalih aud spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it n duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter. 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, JisneSth, 1S93." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid loiter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter iray be true enough,but it cannot be V6rilied without more trouble than its worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer lattersof inquiry, aud ciui be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother tjeigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that unive sal disease-indigestion and dyspepsia ; cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illnes and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. 'And that is why'poiplt; believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 