THE CHURCH. CHURCH NEWS. The Rev. Charles Stead, Wesleyan minis-1 ter, has "been elected president of the Bris-, bane Council of Churches. Having accepted a call to the Burton- ] street Baptist Tabernacle, Sydney, the Rev. C. J. W. Moon will conamence his ministry there in about two months.., ? I The Rev. f j. Barnaby, M.A., latdy as-j sistant to the Rev. J. D. Dickie, of Colac, is mentioned by many of the congregation of St. John's Presbyterian Church; Ballarat, as worthy to succeed the Rev. W. S. Macqueen in the pastorate of the church. Mr. Barnaby preached at St. John's last Sunday morning and evening. That the ties which bind the Rev. Dr. Bevan to Australia are of no ordinary strength is evident from the fact that not withstanding the undoubted attractiveness of the invitation sent to him to become principal of the Brecon Congregational College in Wales, he has decided to decline the offer and remain in charge of his church in Melbourne. Official intimation of his decision will be made to his congre gation on Sunday. The Rev. George Walters has tendered [ his resignation of the position of minister of the Unitarian Church, Sydney, held by him for about ten years. He does not in tend leaving Sydney, but may, says the Sydney "Daily Telegraph," form a church upon similar lines to the Rev. Dr. Strong's "Australian Church" in Melbourne. A purse of sovereigns was presented last j week to the Rev. J. H. Hill, minister of the j Anglican Church at Berwick, on his leav-1 ing to take charge of the Mentone and Mor dialloc district. A similar compliment was paid to the Rev. W. P. Matthew, who has removed from Mildura, where he has had charge of the Presbyterian Church for the past seven years. In recognition of "70 yeans' continuous sen ices," first as a chorister and subse quently as organist, of Canterbury Cathe dral, Dr. Longhurst was recently presented with an illuminated address, a silver salver, and a purse of gold. A hearty welcome was given by the Primi tive Methodist Conference at Leeds to the Rev. J. Day Thompson, late of Adelaide, and a resolution was passed of "great satis faction with his high position and splendid services." In replying, Mr. Thompson said that he had enjoyed his eix years in Ade laide, but was glad to be home again. The Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, M.A., the newly-elected president of the British Wes leyan Conference, is well known in Eng land, not only as a popular minister, but i as a social reformer and a force in certain political questions. He is the superinten- ] dent of the very Guccessful ""West-end Wes leyan Mission" in London, and is editor of the "Methodist Times." His election to the presidency of the conference would have dated earlier than the present year but for a strong prejudice against hie pro nounced liberal views. One thing is certain -that Methodism will not go to sleep tinder his leadership, - So. mueh.beligiojis interest has been aroused, and, so many cas^s of conversion reported; among .the k&olara; of tbe-Sun day-school connected with the Pleasant street Wesleyan Church,: Ballarat, that the Rev. Henry Howard'hba been relieved froth other circuit work to carry on the special relfgions services which he had started, and which had produced such good results. The Rev. John M'Neill has held evange-1 listic services in the monster Roval Albert | Hall, South Kensington, London, thou- j sands of persons attending every night. The i "Daily News" states that over 50 per cent, of the holders of proprietary seats gave them up to the committee for the services, I and that the authorities of the hall greatly I reduced their charges, the total cost of the j hire of the hall for the fortnight being j £760, which is far below the usual rate I The Archbishop of Sydney notifies that he libs received la letter from the Arch deacon of Camden, in which he writes that when at Vancouver he met an earnest mis sionary of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel-Mr. Lynch^ who is under taking work at Klondike. Thfe11 Arebdeacon adds, "If the clergy would give letters-of, introduction to those who'Jeave. their parishes, I am sure Mr. Lynch" would take earnest interest in them." On June 19 the Rev. Joseph Parker, D.D., celebrated, tbe 50th anniversary of the preaching of his first sermon on a vil lage-green near Hexham, in Northumber land. Dr. Parker's church, the City Temple, was crowded ot both morning and evening services, and the hearty good wishes of the congregation both fop the-doctor and his wife were well expressed by;tbe motto in flowers Tound the front of the gallery bfehfnd the pulpit, God bless jou both, and this 1 ne ?? itbe Kbme,youlove" " , - . ,^rkcr'ii text for bis wonting sermon at h:s ubilee' ceTebratidn Was, luce him self, unique. Perhaps no .other minister would have thought of it, and certainlv, as one journal remarks, very iew could have made ft serve niB- purpose for such an occa Eian as well as Dr. Parker did. The text was/( Leviticus xiv. 30, "Such as he can 89F» and the main theme of the-preacher's discourse, worked out in his well-known inimitable style, was that throughout big ministry, he had given bis hearers what he could get. . Ihe Rev.: Joseph 51hffrjrf; V?<?torin, and visif;niVeA Macfaria«fe, M ©bitoa^ave been ^siting Queendand, and hoiamg meetings °?1, behalf of the London' Missionary So n£y' ^ Brisbane1 tbe mayoress (Mrs. W. JLnorne) invited Lady Lamington, wife" of tue Governor «f tlie colony, many of the leading citizens, clei^gymen of nearly all denominations, and a large number . of ? other gentlemen and ladies, to, meet the , aeputqtjqn. Tbejjovernor would bIBO have; f^en preaent but for the expected visit of . m.^mirol in the Royal Arthur. ? I he following extract ,from 4hfl "Hqbart Mercury" «howg that thf Anglican .BiBhop oi J-aamaniA ia not afraid or ashamed of the rougher work of his office:-"Bishop ^pntjgomeiy reaped Burnie on Thursday, R^t. '? i journeyed overland from Safer bave, ki from th orthodox 'bluey' and leggings, which, like cpanty and a cassock, cover all." Canoft Kingsmill, of St. Nicholas', North Goulburn, New South Wales, has been seriously ill with influenza ana congestion of the liver. We (Sydney "Church Standard") are glad to state that he is now progressing favourably towards re covery. Dean Parkyn, of Ballarat, waB confined to hiB room last week by a severe attack of influenza. He and the Bishop of Mel bourne are advertised to Bpeak at a meet ing of the Bishop of Adelaide's Home Mis sion Society, to be held this week. The Rev; Martin Dyaon, Wesleyan minis ter, residing at Camberweli, has been seri ously ill of bronchitis, but is now a little better. The Rev. J. B. Stair, of St. Arnaud. the oldest Anglican cleigyman in the Ballarat diocese, is dead. He was, at one time, con nected with the London Missionary Society in Samoa, but was admitted into the ministry of the Church of England in 1857. For 27 years, from 1666 to 1893. he was In cumbent of the church in St. Arnaud, and then retired from active work. "God has enabled me to see that there is nothing under heaven like preaching the Gospel, and no sphere so great and so at tractive as the sphere pastoral, in which a minister is enabled, by brotherlineBS and age and experience and wisdom, to help poor souls, and now and then to sit up i with them, as it were, all night long, and not leave them till the east glows into the purple dawn."-Rev. Dr. Parker. The Rev. J. B. Smellie, a Presbyterian minister in New Zealand, has obtained a verdict for £250 and costs in an action for libel against a newspaper. As, however, he did not seek financial compensation for the injury done to him, but simply the vin dication of his character, he agreed jto take na more than the costs in the case. A testimonial is being raised by his friends to enable him to take a much-needed holi day. During a recent visitation of the churches in the rural deanery of Lancaster, Bishop Moorhouse, with his secretary, the rural dean, and others, visited the Centenary Congregational Church, "the most ornate of the Nonconformist Churches in Lancas ter." Ho was met by the pastor, the Rev. W. H. Smith, and, says the "Record," the utmost friendliness was manifested. The Bishop declared himself pleased with the building, and with the signs of emritual.life and vigour of which the churcn'fi records gave evidence, and on departing expressed the hope that the blessing of God would rest on the work. ? ? v '*?. Archbishop Carr was present,.oii June21, at the official conferring of the. degree of doctor of divinity for the first time by May nooth College, under the new charter re cently granted by the Pope. The Arch bishop, who was received writh ringing cheere, in his, speech urged the ;claiQiBtjof Australia on the students. "Thefe 'is no part of Christ's Church outside of Ireland," he added, "in which I would prefer to minister than in one of the Australian dio ceses." Sir William Muir has offered the Church Missionary Society securities valued at nearly £5,000 with which to build a home for .women at Allahabad in memory of the late Lady Muir. . At a "meeting of adherents of the Church of England, held on Monday in Sydney, it was .decided to. form a New Guinea mis sion association to promote mission work in that island. The number of members reported at the last annual assembly of the Calvanistic Methodist Church in Wales was 151,882, an increase in the year of 1,440. The adherents number 312,189. By the death of Mrs. Elder, of Leith, widow of the late Mr. Thomas Elder, the Free Church of Scotland, will, says "The Times," shortly come into possession of about £40,000, of which one-fourth will be devoted to the endowment of the chair of natural science at the Free Church College, Edinburgh. It is proposed, in connection with the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church, Adelaide, to call together for an evening of social inter course, in October next, or perhaps earlier, those formerly connected with the church who have removed to other districts. The last annual meeting of the Eton As sociation of the Melanesian Mission, fceld in Eton College in June, was addressed by the Bishop of Melanesia, who. is on a visit to England, and who is the first Bishop of Melanesia not educated at Eton. Arch deacon Harper, the Rev. Leonard Robin, and the Rev. Dr. Codrington also gave interesting accounts of the work done by the mission. The triennial session of the Provincial Anglican Synod of New South Wales was held in Sydney last week. There were 97 representatives present; including one arch bishop, two bisnops/ thrfee deahs," 12 arch deacons, and 11 canons. The -Bishops of Bathurst and of Gr&ftbn;'and Armidale were absent through sicknessi' a^d 'the Bishop of Goulburn has not yfef retm^ed from Eng land. ' * : y T~" ???? Mrs. Westmore G. Stephens, wife of Councillor. Stephens, laid t the' memorial Btonejjf ^he Armadale Baptist Chureh,ori Mofidajv The -building* is designedto "ac commodate 350, - and wUl cost £1,500. The.land on which the church la built and which is valued at £500 - or £800/ has been presented by Councillor Stephens. \- The proposed UniteiJ Convention of Method istB, to be held in the Centenary hall, Sydney, is now fixed for August 8, and will be presided over by the Rev. H. T. Burgess, of Adelaide, president of the Aus tralasian Wesleyan General Conference. After a five-hours' discussion the recent Primitive Methodist conference in England, decided- by 69 votes to 37, to continue the negotiations for union with the Bible Christians. , The conference also resolved not to put any obstacle in the way of Metho dist union in Australia! ! There «re 347 licenced clergymen of the Anglican Church in the New South Wales dioceses. Of these about one-half, 173, are in the diocese of Sydney. Newcastle has 44, Goulburn 38, Grafton and Armidale 33, Bathurst 44, Riverina 15. ! At a private audience with the Pope the Rev. Edward Miller, prebendary of Cniches-: ter, and late Fellow of New College, Ox-< ford, presented him with specially-bound copies of the volumes written by- the late Dean Burgon and himself upon 'The Tra ditional Text of the Holy Gospels, vindica ted and established," and "The Causes of Corruption of the Traditional Text." The Pope, according to an English journal, ex pressed satisfaction that Mr. Miller's re searches had been directed towards=pre serving the words and passages of the Holy i Ghost against destructive criticism, and his. conviction of. the great importance at taching to tbe stfidy of Holy Writ, since in it ar&ihe; #eed#ofnnk)n on all contro veriedpbints^M^ as the Eucharistic d the , Primacy and Supremacy 