THE GHOST OF ROCKY! HILL. i In the quaint old town of Rockwood, in the neighbourhood of Rocky Hill, stood an ancient farmhouse. An observing traveller might have asked if, indeed, there was anything else ia the town but ancient farm bouses, and this par ticular dwelling differed but little in appearance from its neighbours. Tbe prominent feature of this. noted spot was 'not its antiquity, but its ghost. ' The ghost of Rocky Hill ' was np short lived delusion, but u charmingly defiant of inVeSblgniflOU M IUU UWh iu»«5wsi«uc iwvci ui ghost lore could have wilshed. In Fact, the old house, build before tbe invasion of the British, would scarce bare inspired. a passing thought but for the occasional manifestation ofitB time-honoured spectre. Dor years it had struck terror to the hearts of tbe superstitious and excited the ouriosity ofinon-believers. It was a peaceable specta(!le,andfseldom varied the order of its visitation, consequently tbe house could boast of a long list of tenants, some of whom had helped to establish its notoriety quite as much k» thn wraith itself. There were rumours tbat the house had once heeu a rendezvous For the British in tbe troublous days of '76, and that murder bad been committed within its walls. Later, it bad been tenanted by a second Bluebeard, whose three wives bad succeeded each otherin suffering from his brutality and finally become insane, pnd terrifying tbe neighbours till even tbe ghost Bank iuto oblivion. But Bluebeard eventually went the way of all the earth.and the old house was occupied from time to time by the credu lous, who fled in terror from its unaccountable jioises, and tbe incredulous, who resolutely ignored what they could not explain, and Btoutly refused to believe in the supernatural. The most sceptical, however, wben pressed (or an opinion, were obliged to admit that there was something queer about tile plaoe. To a Few facts rumour had added roioy reports, «ntil it was impossible to ascertain which were false and which were true. Doom were said to open and shut without the aid ot bands. Heavy bodies were rolled from one room to another. Barrels bumped tbeir way down the stairs. {Tinware rattled, ib if falling to the floor. The clauking of massive chains occasionally echoed : through the house. The print of a bloody hand appeared upon the wall. Doleful mou ings were sometimes heard. Strange to say, people seldom agreed in locating tbe noises. ; One would positively declare that tbey oame from tbe cellar, while another with equal assur ance asserted that tbey came from tbe garret. I Thus things bad goue on from year to year, till at last superstition, time, and decay bad done tbeir work, and the house stood empty. About tbat time, Silas Pain's wife resolved to replenish tbe family purse by taking summer boarders. Silas was a wortby farmer who lived in the heart of the wood, about two miles from the haunted bouse ; the very last place cue would have thought that a rich nun would Have cb Jsen as a summer resort for bis daugh ters ; but one hot day in June, Dora and Cora Hayes, twin daughters of a Boston merchant, firrived, bag and bapgage, at the Pain farm, trad were welcomed by the worthy couple who lived tbere with much good-natured bustle, ?rod many injunctions to make themselves entirely at home. Tbe girls were delighted with tbeir new quarters, and indulged iu all sorts of rhap sodies over the rambling old house. ' You know,' said Dora, after one of those fmrsts of ecstacy, .' papa sent us out bere so that we could run wild this summer, and this is p darling place in which to hide away from society !' Aunt Sally pinched her rosy cheek, and toM her to run wild to her heart's content. And run wild she certainly did. One day tbe girls were strolling through tbe woods, when they suddenly came to un open highway. ' I wonder where this road leads to ?' Cora remarked, as she peered down tbe dusty cart path. ' I don't remember seeing that place be fore,' pointing towards a dilapidated house. ' Nor I,' answered Dora. ' Let's go and ascertain what it looks like.' ' It's empty, as sure as you live,' answered Con, a moment later, as she peeped cautiously through a broken window light. Just then a nhadow fell across the patb,and thu girls looked tip to see tbe sun disappear in a big, black nloud. ' Oh, dear ! It's going to rain., and mercy knows how far we are from home ! What eball we do, Don t' Her sister closely scanned the heavens before she replied : ?' It isn't going to be much. Let's try to open this window— Fm just wild to see the inside of fhiB old coop. The rain will be a good excuse for house-breaking,' she added, with a men} laugh. By the time they had succeeded in forcing un. entrance the rain was falling in large drops, Tbe girls paused a moment to watch it patter against the panes, and (hen began to explore tbe empty rooms. Tbey had hardly reached tbe second floor, however, wben a heavy clap of thunder caused them to return to the window, where tbey stood and gazed anxiously out at tbe pouring rein. Tbe black cloud was fast in creasing, and tbe wind blew furiously. ' Oh, dear !'' exclaimed Cora, thoroughly frightened. ' Just bear tbat awful thnnder ! I wiBh we had gone home instead of coming here.' ' Don't be a goose, Con ! We should have been drenched through. We must make tbe best of tbe situation. Tbe rain will goon bold lip.' But the moments dngged along and the storm did not abate ; on tbe contrary, it in crensud until it teemed as if the incessant orasb of thunder would rend the very earth. Dumb with terror the girls crouched in a dark corner of tbe room and hid their faces in tbeir bands to shut out tbe glare of tbe lightning. Suddenly tboy sprang to tbeir feet,exclaiming— ?' What was that P' from some part of the house had come a cnsbiiig sound, as if heavy obaios rattled together. For a moment tbe girls stared at one another iu blank horror. Like a flash it dawned upon their minds tbat this was tbe hauntel house of which tbey had often heard Aunt Sally speitk. ' . ? ' Come !' whispered Don, drugging her shivering Bister towardB the window ; *' this is awful I We must go at once.' As she spoke the whole artillery of the heavens seemed to burst direotly overhead ; a terrific crash from some region below followed, null ttie old house quivered iu every timber. With a wild scream tbe girls threw up tbe saBh and leaped from the window. Half . an hour later tbe? staggered into tbe Pain kitchen, limp and exhausted. ' You poor dears 1' exolaimed Aunt Sally, aj sbe gazed at their bUnobed faces. ' Tbe storm bas frightened you out of your senses ; wherever have vou been all this time F But there — don't stop to talk until you bare changed your olotbea and drunk come bot ginger tea.' Wben the girls had recovered from their fright tbey rehearsed their adventure to Aunt Sallr, who listened eagerly. Wben tbe story was ended ahe drew a long breath, and re marked that tbere was something mighty curi ous about tbat house, and she hoped the old thing was shook clean oS its foundation, though she didn't suppose anything short of fire would settle that ghoBt, aoybow. But the haunted house still loomed on tbe bruw oF the bill tbe next morning, whea Silas I'ain drove around to inspect tbe plaoe, upon which its absent owner bad requested him to have au eye. ' I gui as them gals was mure icared than hurt,' muttereti the farmer, as he drew rein in front of the structure, and scanned it criti cally. ?? Blest if I don't believe tbe old trap'll stand till the end o' time I It'll take more'n that storm to start them timbore. 1 don't see but it looks 'bout the oarne as it has ever sines I can remember ; blest if it don't I' Be went to take a look at the rear ot the building. ' Can't see nothing missing, 'thout it's a few panes o' glass,' he muttered as he walked along. Then, suddenly coming to a bait, he thiust fail hands into his pockets and stared at tbe north end ot tbe Bouse. There it Blood, urm ana erect, on empty air. The underpinning bad caved in the entire length of one side I As he began to comprehend tbe aituation, he leaned against a tree, and scratched his bead thoughtfully. Here was a revelation. It had never been known in his day tbat there was a cellar under tho north end of the bouse, but now such a cellar was revealed. ' If tbat don't beat all nater !' exclaimed Silas, falling on bia knees and peering into tbe opening. ' I'm sartin Done o* the tenants kuoved about this place, 'thout maybe old Bluebeard did I don't wouder tbe old thing in ha'nted I Here's traps enough to fit out a regiment. Guess I'll barrow into thii hole and see wbat I can find. Bhouldn't wonder if this was the gbOBt's headquarters t' When tbe farmer had lowered himself into tho cellar he oast his eyes about him and muttered— '? Blest if I don't believe this hole dates from the days o' them taroal redcoats I' Further investigation seemed to prove tbat supposition was right. The cellar had doubt less been tbe resort of a band of British spies, who at one time during the war were known to have been in hiding in that vicinity. The en closure, which was twenty feet wide and twenty feet long, was separated from the main cellar by a partition wall of stone, built on a line with the base of the chimney. A large fireplace bad been constructed in the mammoth Hoe directly under tbe kitchen. Here was the secret of the strange noises which for half a century had disturbed the peace of the tenants. The slightest sound from below was conducted by thiB flue to tbe room above. The Boor of this apartment was a ledge of rock, which bIbo served as a sounding board for what ever chanced to fall upon it. In one corner a pile of rotten casks, that might have contained English ale in tbe days of Washington, were packed against tbe wall ; some of them had rolled from the pile and scattered theit contents, tin cups, plates and other military rubbish, on the floor, where tbey had rushed away. Several broken bayonets, a rust-eaten sword, and three old muskets were found in another part of tbe room. Near these, three massive cable chains, each as might have done service on an English man-of-war, were hanging from iron spikes in the Boor juiBt overhead ; on the ledee beneath lay a number of these chains, where tbey bad fallen, as one by one tbe spikes rusted off beneath tbeir weight. When the farmer caught sight of them he thrust his hands deeper into his pockets. ' Yee, yes,' he muttered ; ' so you're the ghost, are ye P Well, I calkerlate yer won't ecare the daylights out o' no more folks, though 1 reckon tbe fools ain't all dead yet. I allus bnowed it was some kindo' nateral consequence, but this ghost distemper is sn'tbing like the cholera— the only way to stop it from spreading is to quarantine every simpleton that shows ouy symptom* 6F the disease.' Having relieved his mind, he lacked a chain spitefully out of bis way and continued his ex -?lorations. There was a quantity of mouldy luUiiah, *U bearing the style of auctout days. Indeed, tbe only connecting link between the past and the present in this lust-taten medley was tbe uumistakable evidence that armies of rats had, from time to time, inhabited the den. A ladder led to a trap-door in the floor above ; but at some remote period a second floor had been laid over the trap, hiding it from view, and blocking up the only entrance to tbe rooic below. The neirs of Silas Pain's discovery spread rapidly through tbe town, and before night more than a hundred people had vhitedthe haunted house. And so, after yeais of devoted alleginnce, the lovers of tbe supernatural in Rockwood were compelled to acknowledge that the ghost of Rooky Hill, like our beloved Tell, was only a myth. Tbe last of that dear legion of grandfather's ghost stories had become a fable. But when a few monthB later a human skele ton was actually found in one of the casks each devotee denied tbat he had ever doubted the existence oE his ghost ship ; while tbe owner of the home, despairing after thiB discovery of ever finding another tenant, discontinued mak ing repairs, and one dark night soon after tbe haunted house melted away in a mass of spec tral flames. Tradition tells us that the ghost of Rocky Bill is now a homeless wanderer— a fugitive from honest investigation. 