DRAGONS IN THE ALPS. As a matter of strict scientific accuracy there are probably just as many dragons in the Alps as there are snakes in Ice- land. Possibly there are fewer; one cannot say for certain, as the interior of Iceland is only partially explored. What is really interesting (says Mr Francis Gribble, writing in the "Pall Mall Gazette") is to find an enlightened man in an enlightened age, believing in dragons as firmly as he believed in God, and proving their existence out of the months of many witnesses. The man was Professor Scheuchzer, of the Univer- sity of Zurich; and there was no question whatover that he was an enlightened man. He sat in the chair of Gesner, and was worthy of it. He originated the "dilation" theory of glacial movement, which was ingenious, though wrong. He corresponded with Sir Isaac Newton, introduced the Swiss to the knowledge of the law of gravitation. He argued for the abolition of capital punishment for witchcraft. And he devoted his summer vacations to mountain travel, and to the collection of evidence to show that there really and truly were dragons in the Alps. We gather from his book that he got little pleasure out of his mountaineer- ing, for he says: "Anhelosæ quidem sunt scansiones montium." But he was sustained by a sense of duty, and by the desire to increase the sum of human knowledge concerning dragons. Not that he had ever seen a dragon; but he had seen a dragon stone, which is, he explains, a jewel cut out of a dragon's head while the dragon is asleep, and invaluable as a remedy against "plague, dysentery, diarrhoea, poison, hemorr- hage, and bleeding of the nose." There was sworn testimony to the fact that the stone which Scheuchzer saw had been employed successfully for the treat- ment of these various complaints. Consequently it must have come from the head of a dragon, for though certain other sorts of stones might have cured hemorrhage, only a drugon-stono could have been efficacious against dysentery or plague. But if there are dragon- stones there must ho dragons ; and the Alps in general, and thellboetian Alps in particular, are full of the vcry sort of caves which dragons might naturally be expected to frequent. Such j is the priori argument. It only remains to marshal the a posteriori proofs. The professor presents them in the convenient shape of the depositions of witnesses who i " make oath and say " that they have en countered dragons in the Alps. In style and substance—to say nothing of con clusiveness—they strikingly resemble those circumstantial narratives by means of which the existence of ghosts has been demonstrated by the Society for Psychical Research. They prove that, though all dragons have certain points in common—they all, for example, when they breathe, inhale not only air hut also any birds that happen to be flying in their neighborhood—the minor variations are numerous. There are dragons with and without legs, with and without wings, with and without crests : dragons with cats' faces, dragons with human faces, dragons with nondescript faces ; dragons that breathe fire, and dragons that do not breathe fire. And each sort of dragon has a process verbal to itself. As, for example : "John Tinner of the Commune of Frumsen, the Barony of AlteDsaxen, an honor able man, whose word can be trusted, and who at the present time is still living, solemnly deposed to me that 12 years since, at the end of the month of April, ho repaired to the neigh boring mountain, the Fnimsenberg, and that there, in the place commonly known as the Halwelen, he encountered a terrible serpent, black and grey in color, which first coiled itself up, and then raised itself upright. Its length, ho said, was at least 7ft; its girth was about that of an apple-tree; it bad a bead like the head of a cat, but no feet whatsoever. He said that ho smote and slew it, with the assistance of his brother Thomas. He added that, before this serpent was killed, the inhabitants of the vicinity complained that the milk was drawn from the ndders of their cows, and that they could never discover the author of the mischief; but that, after the serpent was killed, the mischief ceased." So much for dragons without feet. There follows an equally well-attested story of a dragon with feet, running thus:—"John Bueler, of the parish of Sennwald, member of the Ecclesiastical Assembly, went to the Frnmsenberg, in tbe summer season, 11 years ago, and in a place called Erla wald, beside the stream called the Kalcubach, saw an enormous black beast emerging, in a state of the greatest amazement,from the thicket, and standiGg on its fore legs, which were of no exces sive length. Its girth was of abont the thickness of an apple tree, and it carried a crest, about half a foot long, on its head. Its entire length, however, ho could not observe, becauBO its binder parts lay hidden in tbe ticket, among tlie briars." Finally, from the letters of Christopher Schorer, Prefect of Lucerne, Professor Fcheuchzer is able to quote a circumstantial account of a meeting with a winged dragon. This is the Prefect's narrative :—" In tbe year 1649 I was contemplating the. beauty of the heavens by night, when, lo ! I saw a bright and shining dragon issue from a large cave in the mountain commonly called Pilatns, and fly about, swiftly flapping its wings. It was very large, its tail was long, its neck extended, its head terminated in the serrated jaws of a serpent. While it was flying it threw out sparks, jnst as the red-hot horseshoe docs when hammered by a blacksmith. My first impression was that I saw a meteor, but after care ful observation I recognised tbat it was a dragon, from the nature of its movements and tbe structure of its various limbs." I And so foi'li ; for there'are many more such stories in the book from which these storks come. They are interesting stories from many points o{ -view, though perhaps the most interesting circum stance of all is the fact that they were solemnly reported by a'TTniversity pro* fessor who had sat nt the feet of Sir Isaac Ivewton. 