MSTERIOtJS ML SABIN. By E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM, Author of 'Till the Day of Judgment,' 'The Mystery of Mr. Bernard Brown,' ' A Monk ofCruta/'&c.; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XVIII. The ambassador, when he left Mr. Sabin's bouse, stepped into a hired hansom and drove off towards Arlington-Btreet. . A young man who had watched him come out from the other side of the way walked swiftly to the corner of the street and stepped into a private brougham which was waiting there. ' To the Embassy,' he said. 'Drive fast.' The carriage set him down in a few minutes at the house to which Densham and Harcutt had followed Mr. Sabin on the night of their first meeting with him. He walked swiftly into the halL servant in plain dress who came forward to meet him. 'Yes, Monsieur Felix,' the man answered ; 'he is dining very late to-night ; in fact he lias not yet risen from the table.' 'Who is with him?' Felix asked. 'It is a very small party. Madame la Princesse has just arrived from Paris, and his Excellency has been waiting for her.' He mentioned a few more names, there was no one of importance. Felix walked into the hall-porter's office and scribbled a few words on half a sheet of paper, which he placed in an envelope and carefully sealed. 'Let his Excellency have this privately and at once,' he said to the man. 'I will po into the waiting-room.' The man withdrew with the note and Felix crossed the hull and entered a small room nearly opposite. It was luxuriously furnished with easy chairs aud divaus ; there were cigars and cigarettes and decanters upon a round table. Felix took nets of none of these things, uor did he sit down. Hb stood with his bands behind him looking steadily info the fire. His cheeks were almost livid, save for a single spot of burniug color high up on his cheek-bone. His fingers twitched nervously, his eyes were dry and restlessly bright, lie was evidently in a state of great excitement. In less than two minutes the door opened and a tall, distinguished-iookiujfman, greyheaded, but with a moustache still almost black, came softly into the room. His breast glittered with orders and he was in full court dress. He nodded kindly to the young man, who greeted him with inspect. ' Is it anything important, Felix '::' he asked ; ' you are looking tired.' 'Yes, your Exculieucy, it is important,' Felix answered; 'it concerns the man Sabin.' The ambassador nodded. 'Well,' he said, ' what of him? You have not bei-n seeking to fceUlu accounts with him, I trust, after our conversation and 3rour promise?' Felix shook his head. 'Ni-,' he said. 'I gave iny word and 1 sisal! ktep it. Perhaps f, you may some day regret that you interfered \ between us.' ? 'I think not,' the prince replied. 'Your1 services aru valuable to me, my dear Felix, and ; in this country more than any other deeds : of violence are treated with scant ceremony and affV.irs of honor are not understood. No, I saved you from yourself for myself. It was j an excellent thing for both of us.' j 'I trust,' Felix repeated, 'that your Excellency may always th:ii!: so. But to be - brief. The report from Cartienno is to ! hatd.' The ambassador nodded aud listened ex pectantly, v 'Ha confirms fully,' Felix continued, 'the value of tlit documents which are in question. ! How he obtained access to them he docs not j say, but Ii is report is absolute. lie considers that they justify fuiiy the man Sabin's version of them/1 The prince smiled. 'My own judgment is verified,' lie said. 'I believed in the niau irora the first. It is | good. By-the-bye, have you Been anything of I Mr. Sabin to-day '!' I '1 have come straight,' Felix said, '' from watching his house.' 'Yes.' ' The Baron von Krupeiibtein lias been there alone, incognito, for more than an hour. I watched him go in and watched him out.' The prince's genial smile vanished. His face trrew suddenly as dark as thunder. The j Muscovite crept out unawares. There was a fierce light in iiis eyes and his face was like the face of a wolf. Yet his voice when be spoko was low. 'So, ho !' hs said softly, 'Mr. Sabin is doing a little flirting, is he. Ah !' '1 believe,' the young man answered slowly, 'that he has advanced still further than that. The baron was thuro for an hour. He came out walking like a young man. He was in a state of great excitement.' The prince sat down aud stroked the side of his face thoughtfully. 'The great elephant !'' he muttered. 'F.mey such a creature calling himself a diplomatist. It is well, Felix,' he added, 'that 1 had I finished my dinner, otherwise you would cer tainly have spoilt it. It thoy have met like, this -there is no end to the possibilities of it. I must see Sabin immediately. Is ought to be easy to make him understand that I am not to be trifled with. Find out where he is to- night, Felix; I must follow him.' Felix took up his hat. 'I will be back,' he said, 'in half an hour.' The prince returned to his guests and Felix drove off. When he returned his chief was waiting for hiin alone. 'Mr. Sabin,' Felix announced, 'left town half an hour ago.' 'For abroad !' the prince exclaimed with flashing eyes. ' He has gono to Germany.' Felix shook his head. 'On the contrary,1' ho said, 'he has gone down to Norfolk to play golf.' 'Into Norfolk to play golf !' the prince re peated in a tone of scornful wonder. 'Did you believe a story like that, Felix? Rubbish.' Felix smiled slightly. 'It is quite true,' he said. 'Lobahoff makes no mistakes, and ho saw him leave his house, take his ticket at King's Cross, and actually leave the station.' ' Are you sure that it is not a blind ?' the prince asked inordulously, , Felix shook his head. 'It is quite true,' your Excellency,' he said. ' It you knew the man as veil as I do you would not be surprised. He is indeed a very extraordinary person, he does these sort of things. Besides, he wants to keep out of the way.' The prince's face darkened. 'He will find my way a little hard to get out of,' he said -fiercely. 'Go and get some dinner, Felix, aud then try and find out whether Krugenstein has any notion of leaving England. He will not trust a matter like this to correspondence. Stay, I know how to manage it. I will write and ask him to dine here next week. You shall take the invita tion.' ' He will be at Arlington-street,' Felix re marked./ ? ! ?. 'Well, you can take it on to him there,' the wince directed. 'Go first to his house and ask j for his whereabouts. They willteU you Arling ton-street. You' will not know of ootirsejfche contents of the letter you carry ; your instruc tions were simply to deliver it and get an answer. Good 1 you will do that.' The prince while he talked was writing the note, Felix thrust it into his pocket and went out. In less than half an hour he was baok. The baron had returned to the German Em bassy unexpectedly before going to Arlington street and Felix had caught him there. The prince tore open the answer and read it hastily through. 'The German Embassy, Wednesday evening. 'Alas, ray dear prince, had I * been able nothing could have given me so muoh pleasure as to have joined your little party, but, unfor tunately, this wretched climate, which we both, so justly loathe, has upset my throat again, and I have too much regard for my life to hand myself over to the English doctors. Accord ingly, all being well, I go to Berlin to-morrow night to consult our own justly-famed Dr. Steinlaus. 'Accept, my dear prince, this expression of my most sincere regret, and believe me 'Yours most sincerely, ' Karl von Kiiugenstkin. ' ' The doctor whom he has gone to consult is no man of medicine,' the prince said thought fully. ' He has gone to the Emperor !' Chapter XIX. A bright bracing morning had tempted Mr. Sabin's niece to wander farther in her walk than she had intended when she first went out to enjoy the fresh air, and, having climbed to the top of a hill from which an extensive view could be, she was so absorbed in the con templation of the wide stretch of dancing waters which could be seen from her exalted position that she did not hear approaching footsteps, nor was she aware that she was not entirely alone until she was startled by loud breathing within -i few feet of where she stood. With astonishment Bhe turned quickly and exclaimed — ' Lord Wolfenden !' He laughed at her surprise and took off his cap. He was breathless, for ho bad been scrambling up the steep side of the hill on which slie was standing looking steadfastly out to sea Down in the valley from which ho had come a sniull boy with a bag of golf clubs on bis back was standing making imaginary swings at the ball which lay before him. 'I saw you from below,' he explained. 'I couldn't help coming up. You don't mind.' j 'No, I am glad to sea you,' she said simply. ' You startled me, that is all. I did not hear you coming, and 1 had forgotten almost where I was. I was thinking !'' j He stood by her side, his cap still in his j hand, facing the stroug sea wind. Again he i was conscious of that sense of extreme pleasure ! which had always marked his chance meetings witii her. This time ho felt perhaps that j there was some definite reason for it. There was something in her expression, when she ? had turned so swiftly round, which seemed to I tell him that her first words were not altogether ; meaningless. She was looking a little pale j and he fancied also a little sad. There was ; an inexpressible wistfulness about her soft, I dark eyes; the. light and charming gaiety of j her manner, so un-English and so attractive i to him. had givtn place to quite another mood. ( Whatever her thoughts might have been when ho had first seeu her there, her tall, slim figure, ! outlined so clearly against the .abrupt sky liue, they were j,t all events scarcely pleasant ones. I He- felt that his sudden appearance had not . been unwelcome to her, and he was unreason- , ably pleased. | ' Von are still all alone,' he remarked. ' Has Mr. Sabin not arrived ':' Shu shook her head. 'lam ail alone and I am fearfully and miserably dull. This place docs not attract me at all — not at this time of the year. I have not heard from my uncle. He may be here at any moment. ' Thure was no time like the present. Ho was suddenly bold. It was an opportunity j which might never be vouchsafed to him again. 'May I come with you a little way alone tha cliffs V he asked. She looked at him and hesitated. More than ever he was aware of some subtle change in her. It was as though her mental attitude ' towards him had adapted itself in some way to this n-nv seriousness of demeanour. It was written in her features ; his eyes read it ? eagerly. A certain aloofness, almost hauteur, \ nbout 'the lines of her mouth, creeping out j even in her most careless tones, and plainly manifest in the carriage of her head, was absent. She seemed immeasurably nearer to him. She was softer and more womanly. Even i her voice, in its new and more delicate notes, | betrayed the change. Perhaps it was only a j mood'; yet he would take advantage of it. ' What about your golf ?' she said, motion ing down into the valley where his antagonist was waiting. 'Oh, 1 can easily arrange that,' hedeslared cheerfully. 'Fortunately I was playing the professional and lw will uotmiud leaving off.' '. lie waved to his caddie and scribbled a few lines on the back of a card. 'Give that to McPherson,' he said. 'You , can clean my clubs and put them iu my locker, i shall not be playing again this morning.' The lx-y disappeared down the hill. They , stood for a moment side by side. 'I have spoilt your game,' she said. 'I . am so sorry !' He laughed. i 'I think you know,' he said boldly, 'that | I would rather spend five miuutes with you ? than a day at golf.' i She moved ou with a smile at the corner of her lips. ( ' What a downright person you are,' Bhe ) ? said. 'But, honestly, to-day I am not in the ? t mood to be alone. I am possessed with an un- . easy spirit of sadness ! I am afraid of my own ? thoughts !' : ! 'I am only sorry,' he said, 'that you! should have any that are not happy ones ! Don't you think, peihaps, that you are a little lonely ? You seem to have so few friends !' 'It is not that,' she answered, 'I have , many and very dear friends, and it is only for ? a little time that I am separated from them ! , It is simply that I am not used to solitude, ? and I am becoming a creature of moods and ; presentiments. It is very foolish that I give ; way to them ; but to-day I am miserable. You must stretch out that strong hand of yours, my friend, and pull me up !' ? 'I will do my best,' he said. 'I am ? afraid I cannot claim that there is anything in - the shape of affinity between us, for to-day I : amparticularly happy !' She met his eyes briefly and looked away , seawards, with the ghost of a sorrowful smile upon her lips. Her words sounding like a warning) 'Do not be sure,' she said. 'It may not ; last 1' 'It will last.' he said, 'so long as you choose ; for to-day you are the mistress of my moods !'?'?? . ? . ; .' Then I am very aorry for you,' she said ', earnestly;' : ' ' ? , . . He laughed it off, but her words brought a certain depression ; with .? them. i He went on to . speak of something else, h .;.. ... ? : i ?? 'I have been thinking about you this morn-' ing/' he said. 'If your uncle iB going to; play :. golf here It: will be !»ery dull for you.! .Would you care for my mother to come and! see you! She would bo delighted, I (unsure, for it }b dull for her, too, and she is fond pf young people. If you-L— ' j j ? ? He stODDed' short1 iShe was shaking her bead slowly. The old despondency was back iu her face. Her eyes jwere full of -trouble. She laid her delioately-gloved fingers upon his arm,-.' ? . ? ? '? -V- ??? \ ?'???.?'? ? 'My friend,' she said, 'it is very kind ol you to think of it, but it is impossible. I cannot tell you why as I would wish. But at present I do not desire any acquaintances. I mast not in fact think of it. It would give me great pleasure to know your mother, only I must not. Believe me that it is impossible 1' Wolfenden was a little hurt— a good deal mystified. It was a very odd thing 1 He was not in the least a snob, but he knew that the visit of the Countess of Deringham, whose name was still great in the social world, was a thing; not to be refused without grave reasons by a girl in the position of Mr. Sabin's nieoe. The old question came baok to him with irre sistible emphasiB. Who were these people? He looked at her furtively. He was an ob servant man in the small details of a woman's toilette, and he knew that he had never met a girl better turned out than his present com panion. The cut of her tailor-made gown was perfection, her gloves and boots could scarcely have come from anywhere but Paris. She carried herself, too, with a perfect ease and indefinable distinction, which could only have come to her by descent. She was a perfect type of the woman of breeding— unrestrained, yet aristocratic to the tips of her finger-nails. He sighed as he looked away from her. ' You are a very mysterious young woman !' he said with a forced air of gaiety. 'I am afraid that I am,' 6he admitted re gretfully, 'lean assure you that I am very tired of it. But it will not last for very much longer 1' 'You are really going away, then?' he asked quickly. 'Yes ! We shall not be in England much longer.' 'You are going for good?' he asked. 'I mean to remain away ?' 'When we go,' she said, ' it is very doubt ful if ever I shall set my foot on English soil again !' He drew a quick breath. It was his one chance then ! Her last words must be his ex cusefor such precipitation. They had scrambled down through an opening in the cliffs and there was no one else in sight. Some instinct seemed to tell her what was coming. She tried to talk but she could not. His hand was closed upon hers and she had not the strength to draw it away. It was so very English this sudden wooing- ! No one bad dared to touch her fingers before without first begging per mission. 'Don't you know, Helene, that I love you ! I want you to live in England — to be mj wife ! Don't say that I haven't a chance. I know that I ought not to have spoken yet, but you are going away so soon, and I am so afraid that Ira lent not see you again alone ! Don't stop me, please ! I am not asking you now for your love. I know that it is too soon — to hope for that— altogether ! I only want you to know— and to be-allowed to hope.' ' You must not ! It is impossible !' The words were very low and they came from her quivering with intense pain. He released her fingers. She leaned upon a huge boulder and, resting her face upon her hand, gazed dreamily out to sea. 'I am very sorry,' she Baid. 'My uncle was right after all. It was not wise for us to meet. I ought to have no friends ! It was not wise ! It was very foolish !' Being a man, his first thoughts had been for himself, but at her words ho forgot everything except that she, too, wa3 unhappy. He drew closer to her again. ' Do you mean,' he said slowly, ' that you cannot care for me, or that thero are difficulties which seem to you to make it impassible ?' She looked up at him aud he scarcely knew her transfigured face with the tears glistening upon her eyelashes. 'Do not tempt me to say what might make both of us lnofd unhappy,' she begged. 'Be content to know that I cannot marry you !' ' You have promised — somebody else?' He ground his heel into the soft sands and his eyes flashed. 'I shall probably marry,' she said de Iibarately, 'somebody else.' ' You are being coerced,' he cried. She lifted her head proudly. 'There is no parson breathing,' she said quietly, 'who would dare to attempt such a thing.' Then he looked out with her towards the sea and they watched the long, ripplirjg waves break upon the brown sands, the faint and unexpected gleam of wintry sunshine lying upon the bosom of the sea, and the screaming seagulls, whose white wings shone like alabas ter against the darker clouds. For him these things were no longer beautiful, nor did he see the sunlight which, with a sudden fitfulness, had warmed the air. It was all very cold and grey. It was not possible for him to read this riddle. Yet — she had not said she could not care for him. There was that hope ! 'There is no one,' he said slowly, 'who could coerce you. You will not marry me, but you will probably marry — somebody else. Is it, then, that you care for this other man and not for me ?' She shook her head. 'Of the two,' she said with a faint attempt at her old manner, ' I prefer you. Yet I shall marry him !'. . Wolfendon became aware of an unexpected sensation. He was getting angry. 'I have a right,' he said, resting his hand upon her shoulder and gaining courage from her evident weakness, 'to know more! I have given you my love ! At least you owe me in return your confidence. Let me have it. You shall see that even if I may not be your lover I can at least be your faithful friend.' She touched his hand tenderly. It was scarcely kind of her— certainly not wise. She had taken off her glove and the touch 'of her soft, delicate fingers thrilled him. The blood rushed through his veins like mad music. The Longing to take her into his arms was almost uncontrollable. Her dark eyes looked upon very kindly. 'My friend,' she-said, 'I know that you would be faithful. You must not be angry with me. Nay, it is your pity I want. Some day you will know all. Then I think that yon will understand. Perhaps even you will be 3orry for me, if I am not forgotten. I only wish that I could tell you now — only I may not. It makes me sad to deny you, but I must.' 'I mean to know,' he said doggedly. 'I mean to know everything. You are sacri ficing yourself. To talk of marryinga man whom you do not love is absurd. Who are you? If you do. not tell me, I shall eo to your guardian, I shall go to Mr. Sabin.' 'Mr. Sabin is always at your service,' said a suave voioe almost at his elbow. 'Never more so than at the present.' Wolfenden turned round with a start. It was indeed Mr. Sabin who stood there. Mr. Sabin in unaccustomed guise, clad in a -light tweed suit and leaning upon an ordinary walking-Btiok. 'Come,' he said cood-humoredly, vdont look at me as though I were something un canny. If you had not been so very absorbed you would have heard me call to you from the cliffs. I wanted to save myself the climb, but you were deaf,1 both of you I Am I the first man whose footsteps upon the sands have fallen lightly? What is it that you wish to ask me, Lord Wolfenden?' Wolfenden was in no way disturbed at the man's coming.' On the contrary, he was glad of it. He answered boldly and without hesitation. 'I want to marry yonr niece, Mr. Sabin,' he said. ??' ??' 'Very natural indeed,' Mr. Sabin remarked easily. 'If I were a young man of your age and evident taste I have not the' least doubt but that I should want to mwy her myself. I offer you my sincere sympathy. It is unfortu nately impossible.' 'I want to know.' Wolfenden said, 'why it is impossible. I want a . reason of some Bort.' ' You shall have one with pleasure,' Mr. Sabin said. ' My nieoe has already promised her hand.' 'To a man,' Wolfenden exclaimed indig nantly, 'whom Bhe admits that Bhe does not oare for!' 'Whom she has, nevertheless,' Mr. Sabin said firmly and with a sudden flash of anger in his eyes, 'agreed and promised of her own free will to marry. Look here, Lord Wolfen den, I do not desire to quarrel with you. You saved me from a very awkward accident a few nights ago and I remain your debtor. Be reason able. My niece has refused your offer. - 1 confirm her refusal. Your proposal does us both muoh honor, but it is utterly out of the question. That is putting it plainly, is it not? Now you must choose for yourself — whether you drop this subject and remain our very valued friend, or whether you compel me to ask you to leave us at once and consider us henceforth strangers.' The girl laid her hand upon his shoulder and looked at him pleadingly. 'For my Bake,' she said, 'choose to remain our friend and let this be forgotten.' 'For your sake,' he said. 'I consent, but I give no promise that I will not at some future time reopen the subject.' 'You will do so,' Mr. Sabin said, 'exaotly when you feel that you desire to close your acquaintance with us. For the rest you have chosen wisely. Now I am going to take you home, Helene. Afterwards, if Lord Wolfen den will give me a match I shall be delighted to have a round of golf with him.' 'I shall be very pleased,' Wolfenden answered. ' I will see you at the Pavilion in half an hour,' Mr. Sabin said. 'In the. meantime you will please- excuse us. I have a few words to say to my niece.' She held out both her hands, looking at him half kindly, half wistfully. 'Good-bye,' she said, 'I am so sorry.' But he looked straight into her eyes and he answered her bravely. He would not admit defeat. 'I hope that yon are not,' he said. 'I shall never regret it.' Chapter XX. Wolfenden was iu no particularly cheerful frame of mind when a few moments after the half- hour was up Mr. Sabin appeared upon the Pavilion tee, followed by a tall dark young man carrying a bag of golf clubs. Mr. Sabin, on the other hand, was inclined to be sar donically cheerful. 'Your handicap,' he remarked, 'is two. Mine is one. Suppose we play level. We ought to make a good match.' Wolfendon looked at him in surprise. 'Did you say one?' Mr. Sabin smiled. ' Yea ; they give me one at Pau and Cannes. My foot interferes very little with my walking upon turf. All the same I expect you will find me an easy victim here. Shall I drive? Just here, Dumayne,' he added, pointing to a con venient spot upon the tee with the head of his driver. 'Not too much sand.' 'Where did you get your caddie?' Wolfen den asked. ' He is not one of ours, i3 he ?' Mr. Sabin shook his head. 'I found Dumayne on some links in the south of France,' he answered. 'He is the only caddie I ever knew who could make a decent tee, so I take him about with me. He valets me as well. That will do nicely1 Duraayne.' Mr. Sabin's expression suddenly changed. His body, as though by instinct, fell into posi tion — he scarcely altered his stand an inch from the position he had first taken up, Wolfeuden, who had expected a half-swing, was amazed at the wonderfully lithe, graceful movement with which he stooped down and the club flew round his shoulder. Clean and true the ball flew off the tee in a perfectly direct line— a capital drive only a little short of the two hundred vards. Master and ser vant watched it critically. 'A fairly well-hit ball, I think, Dumayne,' Mr. Sabin remarked. ' You get it quite clean away, sir,' the man answered. ' It hasn't run very well, though. You will find it a little near the far bunker for a comfortable second.' ' I shall carry it all right,' Mr. Sabin said quietly. Wolfenden also drove a long ball, but with a little slice. He had to play the odd and caught the top of the bunker. The hole fell to Mr. Sabin in four. They strolled off towards the teeing ground. 'Are you staying down here for long?' Mr. Sabin asked. Wolfenden hesitated. 'I am not sura,' he said. 'I am rather oddly situated at home. At any rate I shall be here as long as you probably.' ' I am not so sure about that,' Mr. Sabin said. 'I think that I am going to like these links and if so I shall not hurry away. For give me if I am inquisitive, but your reference i to home affairs is, I presume, in connection I with your father's hoalth. I was very sorry to j hear that he is looked upon now as a confirmed invalid.' I Wolfenden assented gravely. He did not wish to talk about his father with Mr. Sabin. On the other hand, Mr. Sabin was politely persistent 'He does not, I presume, receive visitors,' he said, as they left) the toe after the third drive. n 'Never,' Wolfenden answered decisively. ' He suffers a good deal in various ways and apart from that he is very much absorbed in the collection of some statistics connected with a hobby of his. He does not Bee even his oldest friends.' Mr. Sabin was obviously interested. 'Many years ago,' he said, 'I met your father at Alexandria. He was then in com mand of the Victoria. He would, perhaps, scarcely recollect me now, but at the time be made me promise to visit him if ever I was in England. It must be— yes, surely, it must be nearly 16 years ago.' 'I am afraid,' Wolfenden remarked, watching the flight of his ball after a successful brassy shot, ' that he would have forgotten all about it by now. His memory has suffered a good deal*'' = Mr. Sabin addressed his own ball and from a bad lie sent it flying 150 yards with a peculiar jerking shot, which Wolfenden watched with, envy. ' You must have a wonderful eye,' he re marked, ' to hit a ball with a full swing lying like that. Nine men out of ten would have taken an iron.' Mr. Sabin shrugged his shoulders. He did not wish to talk golf. ' 'I was about to remark,' he said, 'that your father bad- then the reputation of, and impressed me as being, tha best informed man with regard to English , naval affairs with whom I ever conversed.' 'He was considered an authority, I be lieve,' Wolfenden admitted. ' What I particularly admired about him,' Mr. Sabin continued, 'was the absence of that oocksureness which sometimes, I am afraid, almost blinds the judgment of your great naval officers. I *&ve; heard him even disouss the possibility of an invasion of Eng land with the utmosttfravity. He admitted thatitwaBfarfromjU^toUble.'' » ; ' — ?? - -?-' ?!?? — : — ?? ' i — r ?' ?.- ;rr'^^ ' My , father's vnyfy'': ??Wpi!tfiuimi:*ti^r£ have always been pessimistic as regards .the . ;v actual strength of our coast defences.' 'I- ?;''- believe he used to make himself a great nuisance at the Admiralty.' _ ? - : ' He has ceased now, I supposn,' Mr. Sabin remarked, 'to take muoh interest in the matter.' ' ?;. -7 'I oan 6caroely say that,' Wolfenden answered. 'Hia interest, however, has ceased to be official. I daresay you have . heard that he was in command of the Channel Fleet at the time of the terrible disaster in the Solent. He retired almost immediately afterwards and we fear that his health will never altogether recover from the shook.' There was a short intermission in the con vernation. Wolfenden had sliced his bail badly from the sixth tee, and Mr. Sabin having driven as usual with almost mathe- : matical precision their ways for a few minutes lay apart. They came together, however, on the putting-green and had a Bhort walk to the next tee. ' That was a very creditable half to you,' Mr. Sabin remarked. 'My approach,' Wolfenden admitted, ' was a lucky one.' 'It was a very fine Bhot,' Mr. Sabin in sisted. ' The spin helped you, of course ; but you were justified in allowing for that, esne cially as you seem to play most of your mashie shots with a cut. what were we talking, about? Oh, I remember, of course.. It was about your father and the Solent catastrophe. Admiral Deringham was not concerned in any way with the actual disaster, was he ?' Wolfenden shook his head. 'Thank God, no!' he said emphatically. 'But Admiral Marston was his dearest friend and he saw him go down with six hundred of his men. He was so close that they even shouted farewells to one another.' 'It must have been a terrible shock,' Mr. Sabin remarked. 'No wonder he has Buffered from it. Now you have spoken of it, I think I remember reading about his re tirement. A sad thing for a man of action, as he always was. Does he remain in Norfolk all the year round ?' : ' ' He never leaves Deringham Hall,' Wolfen den answered. t 'He used to m ake short yacht ing cruises until last year, but that is all over now. It is twelve months since he stopped outside his own gates.' Mr. Sabin remained deeply interested. ' Has he any occupation beyond the hobby of which you spoke?' he asked. 'He rides and shoots a little, I suppose, like the rest of your country gentlemen?' Then for the first time Wolfenden began to wonder dimly whether Mr. Sabin had some purpose of his own in so closely pursuing the thread of this conversation. He looked at him keenly. At the moment his attention seemed a altogether directed to the dangerous proximity of his ball and a tall sand bunker. Throughout his interest had seemed to be fairly divided between the game and the conversation which he hod initiated. None the less, Wolfenden was puzzled. He could scarcely believe that Mr. Sabin had any real, personal interest ' in his father ; but, on the other hand, it was not easy to understand this persistent ques tioning as to his occupation, and doings. The ? last enquiry, carelessly though it was asked, was a direct one. It seemed scarcely worth while to evade it. 'No, my father has special interests,' he answered slowly. ' ' He is engaged upon Borne work connected with his profession.' 'Indeed!' Mr. Sabin's exclamation suggested an in terest which it was not Wolfenden's purpose to gratify. He remained silent. The game proceeded without remark for a quarter of an hour. Wolfenden was now three down and with all the stimulus of a strong opponent he set himself to recover lost ground. The ninth hole he won with a fine long putt, which Mr. Sabin applauded heartily. They drove from the next tee and walked together after Jheir balls, which lay within a few yards of one another. 'I am very much interested,' Mr. Sabin remarked, ' in what yon have been telling me about your father. It confirms rather a curious story about Lord Deringham which I heard in London a few weeks ago. I was told, I forget by whom, that your father had de voted years of his life to a wonderfully minute study of English coast defences and her naval strength. My informant went on to Bay that — forgive me, but this was said quite openly, you know— that whilst on general matters your lather's mental health was scarcely all that could be desired, his work in connection with these two subjects was of great value. It struck me as being a very singular and a very interesting case.' Wolfenden shook his head dubiously. 'Your informant was misled, I am afraid,' he said. ' My father takes his hobby very seriously, and, of course, we humor it. But as regards the value of his work I am afraid it is worthless.' ' Have you tested it yourself ?' Mr. Sabia asked. 'I have only seen a few pages,'' Wolfenden admitted, ' but they are wholly unintelligible. My chief authority is his own secretary, who is giving up an excellent place simply because he is ashamed to take money for assisting, in work which he declares to be utterly hope less.' ' ' He is a man, ' Mr. Sabin remarked, ' ' whom you can trust, I suppose? His judgment is not likely to be at fault?' ' There is not the faintest chance of it.' Wolfenden declared. 'He is -a very simple, good-hearted little chap, and tremendously conscientious. What your friend told you, by the-bye, reminds me of rather a curious thing which happened yesterday.' Wolfenden paused. There did not seem, however, to be any reason for concealment and his companion was evidently deeply in terested. 'A man called upon us,' Wolfenden con tinued, 'with a letter purporting to be from . our local doctor here. He gave .his name as Franklin Wilmot, . the celebrated physician, you know, and explained that he was interested in a new method of treating mental complaints. He was very plausible and he explained every thing unusual about his visit most satisfac torily. He wanted a sight of the work on whioh my father was engaged and after talk: ing it over we introduced him into the study during my father's absence. From it he pro mised to give us a general opinion upon: the case and its treatment. WhilBfc he was there our dootor drove up in hot haste. The letter was a forgery— the man an impostor.' (To be continued. ) m * We have received the current issue of the Critic, which contains some excellent illustra tions. The letterpress also includes some in teresting comments on the events of the day. Messrs. Husaey & GKHingham forward an album of views of Adelaide. It contains 2Jt photographs, moat artistically reproducer^, w ' various .portions of the city and its prinbipat buildings, and will form admirable evidence to friends at a distance of the growth and tbe. arohitectural beauties of South Austtfttuft ;-,- capital. '-j We have received from Messrs. JS.-'S. WjKK and Son a oopyof ftmexoeedingly usefol pubu oation. entitled «A Ooncisfe^tote *d AdeUiaj and J3Dttth AaBtralia, i^nd Almanac, 1698.' The took contains nearly 80 pages of inform*. - ;-: tion *-f * very varied cnaraoter, and ib -will - „ , doubtless 'find already sale, as the prio» i» jVv onlvOd, . - ' \t S3 