PERSONAL Great stir has been made in Germany with a little booklet entitled "Caligula." The historic parallel between the Roman emperor and William the Mad has been drawn with consummate ability and perfect knowledge. .Mr. Sidney Buxton, M.P., an ex-Colonial Under Secretary, has become the father of twins, a boy and a girl. He is greatly elated by the double event. Mrs. Sydney Buxton is the daughter of the Governor of the Bank of England, Air. II. Smith. . The mayoress of a northern city was try ing to officiate properly when her Majesty was performing an opening ceremony. At the conclusion a "Visitors' Book" was pro duced, which the Queen signed "Victoria." Next came Princess Henry of Battenfaerg, who signed "Beatrice P. The mayoress signed "Elizabeth!" The "Sketch" gives a portrait of the Earl of Shaftesbury, and rather belatedly makes reference to his appearance in Lelamine. It also adds the remarkable information that so admirable was his performance "the Democratic-papers in Melbourne regretfully remarked that they had been baulked of their prey." When in Toronto Anthony Hope, the popular story teller, was entertained at the National Club, where he made a little epeech to the effect that he appeared be- fore'the company in a three-fold capacity — first as a traveller, secondly as a literary man, although he bad never been able to find out exactly what was intended to be conveyed hy that title, and thirdly, as an Englishman. He would be insincere if he spoke with aught but gratitude of his treat ment across the border, but he must say it was good to see the union jack again. The new drill hall at Homsey, opened by the Duke of Cambridge, is a temporary structure, and referring to the erection of a permanent building his Royal Highness remarked that at his age he could hardly hope to see it. "I hope not, sir," said the colonel commanding. Of .course he meant a- very different sentiment; But the., audi- ence smiled all the same. " Mr. Gladstone has been at Cannes for his health, and hy the doctor's orders had to abstain from conversation. A French paper however, publishes a circumstantial report of an interview with him, in which the veteran statesman is represented to have discussed nearly every domestic .and foreign topic of importance, not even excepting Lord Salisbury's latest speech! Plymouth Church, of Brooklyn, is about to celebrate its semi-centennial anniversary. Its original pillars were Beecher and Bowen — "Beecher, the most popular preacher the nation ever developed; Bowen, one of the shrewdest of business men to take the lead in conducting the church's finances." It was feared that when Beecher was lost to it its glory woiua aepnrc, out a successor has been found in the Rev. Lyman Abbott. He has been second only to Beecher in at tracting public attention to its pulpit. Dr. Dawes, the Anglican Bishop of Rock- liampton, the metropolis of Central Queens land, invariably found it necessary to tell the people of England where Rockhampton was. Once, when preaching in London, he was described by a learned rector as the Bishop .of Rockhampton, Canada. On a second occasion of the sam'e sort he was introduced as the Bishop of Rockhampton, America.' But what seems to have com pleted his discomfiture was when he went to address the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. The secretary provided liim with a big map, for the purposes of the lec ture, that proved not to linve Rockhampton marked upon it nt nil. That Arthur, Duke of Wellington, ouce condescended to the A I uses, will come as a surprise to most people. The "United Ser vice Magazine," however, has unearthed a libretto for a cantata which was written by the great Duke, and even had the honor of production, as is recorded in Sir George Grove's "Musical Dictionary." The subject is Pandora and Prometheus, and, as beseems so great a captain, it has a fine martial swing, although we notice with regret that its lines do not uniformly scan. Admiral Field is one of the characters of the House of Commons. His nautical gait as he walks up the floor of the House, and explosive style of oratory., are always keenly relished. Admiral Field was serving along the Irish coast during the Fenian troubles of the 60's, and "a lively time I had of it, ' as he remarked in the Home Rule debate of 1893, turning reproachfully .to the Irish bgnches, although most of the members sit ting there were vin knickerbockers at tie Mr. Arthur Roberts,- the comedian, ap peared before the Teignmouth magistrates as an applicant for the transfer, of the licence of the Teign Brewery, from his son to himself. The chairman (Rev; Anson Cartwright) evidently, had never made the acquaintance of the imitator of the great Fregoli and Biondi, else he would not have asked the applicant whether lie was in any way related to the "great Arthur Roberts, _ the comedian. To this Air. Roberts smi lingly replied, "I am closely related to the comedian to whom you refer; I am the identical one." Air. Rhodes got out a sample of orange trees, and his own farm at Bulawayo not be ing ready for them, lie let it become known that he would give them away to settlers. There were many applicants, and to these Air. Rhodes gave severally according to their desires. There was, however, a con dition .attached to the gifts. Every reci pient had to sign an undertaking that he would give one-tenth of the produce to the Memorial Hospital. "Can .you trust'tliese people to fulfil that condition?" was a question put to Air. Rhodes. "Certainly," was the reply, "I can trust a great per centage of them, and the custom will de- velop into a habit which will have greater force than any law." Although the late Lord Tennyson "hated to be stared at," he could not always escape the infliction. One day he was- walking in meditation about the grounds at Aldwortli,. when a tourist rushed towards him, leaving behind a party of friends to follow more at leisure. ' Arrived within speaking distance, the stranger said, "Can you tell me where I can find the poet Tennyson?" Taken by sur prise, the great Laureate was not ready with any evasion, and answered, "I am he." Whereupon the stranger turned to his _ friends, and pointing to the poet with no more reverence than if he were an inani mate curiosjty, bawled out, "Say, this is the man: this is the man!" The friends has tened their' pace, and stared with all their eyes, while the only thing the poet could do was to beat a hasty retreat, speechless with indignation. The visitors were Ameri cans, who had deliberately ignored all warn ings against intrusion. The reputation of Air. Francis Conway Alason, the neivlv elected Speaker of the Parliament of Victoria, has reached Lon don. The "Daily Chronicle" tells its renders that 25 years ago lie was a voung and quite unknown schoolmaster on board the refor matory shin Nelson, in the harbor of Ael- bourne. During a general election it hap pened that the Attorney-General, Sir Archi bald Micliie, O.C., had no opponent in the constituency of South Gi'npslnnd. The young schoolmaster on the Nelson obtained three weeks' leave of absence, went down to the constituency, and canvassed itnight nnd day. The Attorney-General, thinking that this Quixotic stranger had not the ghost of a chance, contented himself with addressing one meeting, and then returned to Alel- bourne. To his intense surnrise, when the election returns came to hand, he found himself beaten by 30 votes. Air. Alason has retained bis hold on the constituency ever since, and lias now been unanimously elected Speaker. 