NEWS AND NOTES. Ploughs, Harrows and all Farm Implements try J. G. Baldock & Co. Webber's Coffee Palace, near the Goods Sheds, Bunbury. Good accommodation for boarders and visitors. Three minutes' walk from Railway Station. Moderate charges. Drink Bogite's Ales and Stout.—A splendid Tonic. Absolutely pure. Superior to any other produced in the colony. At the Bunbury Police Court today before Mr W. II. Tiinperley, B.M., James Clioong was charged with being of unsound mind. He was remanded for eight days for medical examination. The Acting Under-Secretary notifies in the Government Gazette that applications for Bank Holidays must iu future be made 14 days prior to the day which is required to be proclaimed, and such applications must come through the head ollices of the banks in Berth. It will be seen from our advertising columns that a social will be held at Donny brook on Saturday next under the auspices of the Anglican Church Committee in order to welcome the lleetor aud Mrs Darling to that part of the parish. Removal.—J. 11. Carr, chemist and dentist, has removed to larger premises, Victoria street, nearly opposite old address. The stock is largely increased and kept up to dates by regular monthly shipments from England. Winter season goods—a large variety.—Advt. A social will be given at Lesclrenault to morrow evening to welcome the Bev H. Darling and Mrs Darling to that portion of the parish. We understand that there will be a comparatively large gathering present and that it is probable tbat a most pleasant event will be spent, Pcbe Water for Bunbury.—This is what everyone wants, yet how many there are who neglect the opportunity they have of obtaining it. You may wait a long time for the much talked, of water suply. In the meantime call at C. Hosking's, Victoria Street, aud order a tank, which are the strongest and cheapest in the market.— Advt. By an inadvertence the report of the in- I qaest on the body of the man Foley who was killed by being run over by a train at Cookernup stated that it was held before Messrs Timperiey and Hayward. The in quest was held before Mr W. H. Timperiey, the Coroner, only. The prize list of the Murray Horticultural Society appears for the first time in this issue. It is hardly necessary to say much in reference to this Show as it has become famous throughout the district. The prize list is the same as usual aud is chiefly confined to vegetables, fruit and flowers, j It is hoped that the entries will exceed those of former years and that a good Show will result. This evening in the Mechanics' Institute the third of the series of concerts which have been given in aid of iSt. Paul's Church Funds will take place. The programme has been very carefully arranged and in response to a very general request Professor Shinty's waxworks will be repeated. Several new singers will appear to-night, including, we understand, Mrs Walkeden who has not yet sung before a Banbury audience. It is hoped that there will be a large attendance.^ For Crockery, Glassware and Lamp ware— Cheapest and best variety—try J. G. Bal dock & Co. Ironmongery,' Galvanized ^Iron, Fencing and Barb Wire, iPrice low at Baldock & Co Sign-Writing, Coach-Painting and Trim ming a specialty at J. G. Baldock's and Co Carriages, Carts and Wagons in latest styles and improvements at J, G. Baldock & Co. Oliver Ploughs, Spading Harrows, Planet Jnnr's. Spray and other Pumps just arrived at Baldock & Co. Allan and Co's celebrated Strippers and Stump Jump Ploughs at J. G. .Baldock and Co's. New Home Sewing Machines, Metter's Ovens and Coffers to suit the times. Extra parts stocked at J. G. Baldock & Co. The prize list oE the Southern Districts' Agricultural Society will appear in our next issue. At the Bunbury Police Court yesterday Geo Jones was summoned by Geo Semopolis for having neglected to pay £3 15s, the balance of wages due to him. The defendant was ordered to pay the amount in full with lis 6d costs, in default distress, and in default of distress 14 days' imprisonment. Always ask your Grocer for Maconochies Famous Specialities.—Herrings in Tomato Sauce, Mackerel Fresh or in Sauce, Silvocea Herrings, Fried Soles, Kippered Herrings, Camp Pies and Pates ; English made Marmalade and Jams; Bottled Fruit, Jel lie and Jelly Tablets. Maconochie Bbos, London, Purveyors to H M. the Queen.— Advt. In another column will be found an adver tisement drawing attention to tbe fact that Mr H. W. Talbot, of the firm of Talbot and Son, agricultural land agents, will he at the Prince of Wales Hotel on Thursday next, the 6th inst., and the fonr following days. This will give an excellent opportunity to those who are amdons to consult him with reference to agricultural lands in the vicinity. In another column will be found the prize list of the Bunbury Weeleyan Floral and Industrial Society which will hold their annual Show on Wednesday and 1 hnrsday, the 12th and 13th October next. From the prize list it will be noticed that the Society are offering a large number of prizes for work of different classes, and from what we learn we understand that there will be a large number of exhibits in each class. A. strong committee has been formed to work the Show, and there is every reason to believe that the Show this year will far eclipse any that were held in former years, Kvery effort is being made to mafce it most successful and we trust that the hopes of the committee will be more than realised. In another column it will be noticed that M r W. Brown has again announced his in tention of nominating himself as a Candida". for the South Ward. During the period in which he has represented the South Ward in the Council Mr Brown has conscientiously worked for the ratepayers he has represented and we think that he has very great claims upon them in the coming election. No movement has been brought forward in the interests of that portion of the municipality which has not received his hearty and con sistent support] and it wonld be difficult to find a representative who would have snch a complete knowledge of the wants of the the Ward as Mr Brown. We shall be pleased to see liim returned at the election and should imagine that he will be accorded the satisfaction of an unopposed election. A meeting in connection with the Bunbury Wesleyan Floral and Industrial Society was held last evening at which there were about ■40 present. The principal work of the even ing was the selection of judges for the forth coming Show and the following were selected for the various classes specified:—Classes A and B, flowers and bouquets, Rev J. Button, F.L.S., and Mr M. Kelly ; Class C, works of art, Mrs J. J. Withers and Messrs Steere and £mith; Class D, fancy work. Mrs F. E. Stafford, Miss Cass and Mrs Norton ; Class E, plain work, Mesdames Buchanan, Cleal, Smith and Ooombes; Class F, cookery, Mesdames Kirton and J. Gibbs and Miss Hislop ; Class G, music, Mrs Dnce, Dr Joel and Messrs Knight and Thomas; Class H, elocutionary and literary, Revs H. Darling, B. A-, and J. Button, F.L.S., and Messrs B. Cass, Woodrow and Gibbs. The refreshment stall was placed in charge of Mrs Woodhead and the Misses Proper john and Bunting, and the Working Committee appointed were the Rev A. C. Plane, Dr Sampson and Messrs Gibbs, Hosking, Bird, Jeffries and C. Cass, hon. Secretary. On Saturday last a Fancy Dress Football Match was held on the Recreation Ground by the members of the Bunbury Volunteer ' Corps in aid of the funds of the local Hospital. Before commencing the game, the '■ members who were playing, and who were dressed in fancy costumes paraded round the town passing through Stirling Street. Stephen i Street and Victoria Street, and it is needless j to say that the procession caused a consider able amount of interest. The match itself I at whieh the ordinary rules of the game: were suspended, provoked much amusement' and was thoroughly enjoyed by the large j number of spectators who were present. The I two teams were captained respectively by Mr J. Hands and Mr R. Clifton and after a ! straggle Hands' side won the match. At half-time the volunteers made a charge, and at the conclusion of the match a tug-of-war between the two teams took place which re sulted in a diaw. The Volunteer Band was in attendance throughout the afternoon, and played several selections. Altogether about 30 players were in fancy drets costumes, the following being some of the characters repre sented :—Mr E. Hill (umpire) a *' Nigger F, H. Timperiey, " Ally SloperE. Shaw, " Deadwood Dick J. P. Butler, " Clare's WeeklyShaw, " GhostR. Clifton, " Lady BicyclistJ. Hands, " a Swell Darkey." The result financially was most successful, and we understand that about £1710s 6d will be banded over to the Hospital. Mr J. P. Butler acted as Secre tary aud Mr T. Stokes as Treasurer to the fund. 