Ruskin and the Bible: . All AinurmuU w Liter, ?fofc8SOF. Cook, of Yalb (suys u London paper), "lias just issued n- book containing the TJiblieui quotations in tho earliest Euglisliiitoru- tnri!. and wo nro ohiitilcd? to sue how familiar King Alfred and , Aclfric, Veiierablo Bede, and tlio rest of our early masters woro with tho Bible. At the sumo time appears this attractive littlo volume which illustrates , tho use whioh has been made of Scripture by one of tho latest, -and certainly notttho limiit, of thu rauators of English.,, Mr. ltuskiu told us in " Brautorita' " that his .style was formed by his' assidu ous study of tho , Bible and, by- learning in his youth long passages of ' it by heart. ' " L -have read ' that book," ho sAid id '" Tho Crojvn of Wild Olive," " Avith us much earc us most of them, -for- somo forty -years; und urn tbunkfuVthat, .on. those who trust it, I can'piess its pleadings.' My endeavour hiis beou'uiiifbfriily to iniikb thein trust it moro deeply thuii" "tliey do ; trust it not in their own favourito verses only, but in tho_sum of all';" trust it not us a saved by daily repetition of, but as a oaptiiiii's'-'ofdor' tb'bo heard 'arid obeyed a$ thoir peril.''- ' This, book of. .selections'- .amply -yindi- eatbs thpf claim. Horo arc tlio quota tions from", and the 'comments on, tlio words of Scripture" jvhich are to be found spattered "iibroad iti. tlio muster's' works, dud it is 'not it littlo notable that there are only ton. .books, 'in' 'the Old Bible whicli do not furnish quotations und comments. , Mr. ltuskiu lias spoken some hard things. of the clergy und of theologians; " but, boater' than, most of their critics, ' ho 'lias' not'bebn' content with censuring them ; ho has under taken'" to "supply" their dofocts. This collection presents him , us tho most eloquent preuchor of our time, und us a commentator who has explained innuv of tho dark pussages which are usually passed by, and brought into fuller lustre many passages which not ovcu tho dull ness of preachers and commentators can completely obscure. Somo of tho master's .exegesis is, it must ho owned, fresh . For. example, " ponce on earth and good will to men," becomes in his hands " pence ou earth to men. who,, ploase God." "That .man should be ablo to please Him: . . . this wns a now thing, for augols to declare and for shepherds to believe." Tho mastqr does not hesitate to solve the problem, of tho sin against tho Holy Ghost (p. 117). And ho has a rare -.faculty of re-reading Scripture with u modern application, which at least saves it from the monotony of tradition. For oxamplo, "Lie not cue to , another, brethren, seeing that yo have put oil tho old man, with his deeds, and havo put on tho now man, whieli is renewed to knowledge, in that great creation whore there is neither Englishman nor German, baptism nor want nt baptism, Turk lior ltussiuii, slave liar free, but Christ is ull, aud in all." Wo all owe so much to Mr. Buskin that any book of excerpts from his matchless writings roust be welcomed ; but it would not be fair to pass a judg ment on liim from u perusal of uxtructs which aro selected only on tho principle thut thoy contain a roferenco to u pus- sage of Scripture ; nor can wo honestly any that tho grout writer is- always ut his best in thoso amateur applications of the Bible, in which thu exuberance of stylo und fancy approaches too near to the vices of tho pulpit, and the render ings of familiar, texts owe more to the yulgatothan to tho original Hebrow ; we thank hiin for his commentary, but do not feel thnt ho bus superseded tbo most scientific copimcntntors. Tlio work of tho editors is vory quaint. . The passages aro uraroged under an alphabetical index. Ami tho arrange ment often rominds us of thut famous index, in which under " Mind " wus entered, " Grout mind of tho Lord Chiof Justice," but a reference to tho text only showed that the judge had declared from tho bouch that ho had a great mind to commit tho prisoner for the extronio penalty that tho law allowed. Thus, if one wants to know what tho master suys about "Loss," one must look, not under " L," hut under " M," for " Mystery of Loss." Or if you would learn his viowa' 'of the " Clergy," you must search for " O," undor " Offices of tho clergy." Ifyou would turn to "Lovo's Mcnie" to find sweet passages about the birds, you must look, not uudor ','B," but undor. " L," for " Lessons from tho Birds." For the " Kingdom of God," on which Buskin lias uttcrod much that we all want to rofor to, it is necessary te search under " Thy." All this is vory provoking. Again, it seems un necessary to ropoat thu somo passage under difforont headings, when a moro roferenco would suffice. Wo have tho groat passaga upon wealth, from " Timo and Tide," given first us " Christ's Tooohings" (pago 38), imd then undor "Tho -Prodigal Son" (page 189). Wo haro tbe samo passage 'from " Modern Paintors, " givou on pugo 95 ns " God's Communications of Truth- to Men," and ou page 218, as "Spirit of Prophecy, The." Suoh uoedloss repetitions give one tho impression that the compilers ore trusting to critics to corroct thoir imporfeotions,- and wo. fool b'ouud to furnish tho help' on whicb thoy evidontly roly. : . 