THE Stars and Stripes have hardly had time to wave triumphantly over the flaming ruins of Manila before those clever Yankees propose that the United States should make an ex change of the Philippine Islands with Great Britain for her West Indian colonies, which lie more or less con-- tiguous to Cuba, doomed already to become the lawful prize of the Americans. The mere suggestion strikes one as extremely felicitous and opportune. Geographically the West Indian Islands should belong to America, and it is simply an anomaly and the result of tradition and hereditariness that any European Power should hold them as dependen cies. The islands belonging to Great Britain include Barbadoes, Antigua, St. Kitts, and Nevis, which are similar in their industrial conditions as well as climate; Dominica, St. Lucia, and Grenada, whose inhabitants speak the creole French palois; Jamaica, once a most valuable and prosperous colony; Trinadid and New Guiana, this last possession being on the mainland of South America, and more trouble to the mother country than it is worth from a commercial aspect. These, it may be stated, are amongst the oldest possessions of the British crown, the acquisition of -Barbadoes dating from 1605\. It has well been said that during the grand heroic days of Queen Elizabeth the Carribean Sea,' in which most of these colonies are situ ate, was the cradle of the British navy. In the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, these West India Islands were considered valuable prizes, and were fought for and conquered by Eng land’s bravest sons from the French and Spaniards. Of late years, how ever, they have become comparatively worthless as colonies to Great Britain, whose commercial and humanitarian policy in abolishing slavery has proved their mercantile ruin. What has been called the Perish West India school has had control of political affairs in the mother country for the last half century or more, and the result has been locally most disastrous, so that the proposed transfer to America of these rich possessions would be hailed with unalloyed satisfaction by the in habitants of the islands.' At a meeting of the Royal Colonial Institute, London, held in March last, .Sir Hbnbt Norm an, a gentleman not! unknown in the Australian colonies, presiding, Mr Gkobge Cabbington, a distinguished litterateur, read an in teresting paper “On England’s West Indian colonies.” To this .document we are indebted for much of oar data upon the subject. “ Why,” he asks, “is it that these (the West Indian) colonies, favored by geographical position, by climate, by extraordi nary fertility of soil, are now in the throeß of a most cruel depression, from which they can only pass to ruin unless the conditions under which they labor are completely changed.” The story of Jamaica reflects that of her sister British colonies. In 1834, when Great Britain emancipated the slaves, the commis sioners appointed for the purpose esti mated the value of the estates and human chattle in the West Indian colonies at £128,000,000. The com pensation given the planters for the manumission of their slaves is historically recorded as £20,000,000, but it is stated as a matter of fact that it only amounted to £16,500,000, the colonists losing the balance of the enormous loss arising from depreciation. For 14 years the British West Indies, assisted by a pro hibitory tariff against slave-grown sugar, were gradually re-establishing their shattered industry on a basis of free labor, but in 1846 the differential duty on sugar in Britain was lowered, and soon after was abolished alto gether. This policy threw the British markets open to the slave owners of Cuba and Brazil, and while the Spanish and Portuguese planters flourished, the British free labor colonies suffered widespread disas ter and ruin. In a commercial sense, so far as Jamaica was concerned, this was a suicidal act on the part of Britain, and has impoverished the islands to Buch an extent that ever since they have been the victims of a succession of crises of one kind or another. The benefit of emancipation to the negro was absolutely neutral ised by the British policy of free trade, showing how much the mother country was prepared to sacrifice for the Bake of upholding that principle. It was plain that she could not play fast and loose. The colonies, however, were en abled to breathe more freely in 1868, when the ostensible abolition of slavery was proclaimed in Cuba, but for many years subsequently the trade was con tinued there, with the connivance of the local authorities, so that the relief anticipated by equalising com petition in the sugar trade wa3 not realised. In the meantime another grievance cropped up to dash the hopes of the sugar planters. Serious com petition arose in the sugar made from beetroot on the Continent, fostered by a vast system of bounties from foreign Governments. An attempt was made to impose counter vailing duties upon bounty - fed sugar, but it came to nothing. The wrongs of Ireland at the -hands of Britain, commercially speaking, were trivial as compared to those laid to her charge by the West India colonies. The planters and their friends are able to prove to demonstration that Great Britain not only behaved shockingly in this matter of bounties, but allowed those valuable possessions to drift to ruin by secretly aiding their com petitors in the markets of the world for the sake of cheapening the price of sugar to the British consumer to an extent scarcely appreciable. The wail that went up from the planters in 1834 has been in one form and another con tinued down to the appointment of Mr Chamberlain as Secretary of State for the Colonies, who appears to have sympathised with the distressed colo nists of the West Indies. He ap pointed a commission to report on the question, and its members have de clared in favor of the claims of the planters to consideration at the hands of the mother country.- It may therefore he safely predi cated, without going more deeply into the subject-, that there would be no insuperable obstacle to the transfer of the West Indian British Islands to the United States. The planters and colonists are known to favor America. From Great Britain they can expect no relief, for the simple reason that British statesmen cannot relinquish free trade for the questionable advan tage of retaining the control of distant possessions, whose inhabitants are unable to help themselves, and whom Britain cannot assist other than by a violation, of her cherished policy, which has done so much to render her great and prosperous. Wa understand that there is a very strong feeling among*', a number of (bn leading eleotnrs ol Winde'mero in favor of asking the Mayor of the City (Cr Shoppea) to offer him self ns a candidate for the vacancy caused by the lamented death of Mr W. Anderson. Several prominent re-idents of the district h»vo already urged upon Mr Shoppee the ad visability of oon'es'ing the seat, and it is understood that he is not Averse toooming for ward if given sufficient proof that it is the de sire of the doctors that he should do mi. Tho»e who are moving in the matter, and desire to aeoure the advantage of Mr Shoppeo’s in domitable perseverance and industry, o in sider that he has been put to 80 much personal expense in furthering the interests of the dis’rict in connection with the visit of the Federal Convention delegates and the enoampmont, that be should not be asked to enter upon a oostly contest. An experienced election campaigner informs ns that during a trip through a goodly portion of the oonstitu enoy yo-terday he whs astonished at the number of expressions he beard in favor of Mr Shoppee’s candidature. Ha states that the feeling is general that the City Mayor’s election to Parliament would be a fitting recognition of his untiring efforts on behalf of the district, while at the same time benefiting the constituency by soeuring a representative whose presonoo would at once be felt, in Parliament. At about 8 o'clock last night a young man, believed to be James Kennedy, a resident of Ross’s Creek, was brought in to tho Hospital by two men named Jaokson and Hill, in the employ of Messrs Heinz Bros., and on examin ation it was found that life was extinot. It seems that Messrs Jaokson and Hill were driving to Mesttra Heinz’s farm, and shortly after leaving Sebastopol they encountered a waggon loan of props, drawn by a team of horaos, but no driver visible. Thinking that perhaps the driver was lying on top of the load they continued their journey, and after travelling about a mile along tha road saw a man lying near a rut. They pulled up, and on _ examining him found he was insensible and breathing heavily. They at once lifted him into the oart in whioli they were, and drove to the hospital, where it was found that tho unfortunate man had breathed bis last. An examination showed that the wheel of some conveyance had passed over his left Bide, breaking some of the ribs but it is scareely conceivable that the wheel of the w-iggon, loaded with props, had passed over him, as it contained about 5 tonß in weight, and must have crushed Kennedy’s frame in. Constable O’Connor, of Redan, aeaompanied ' Messrs Jaokeon and Hill from that place to the hospital. The matter has been reported to the coroner, and an enauirv will probably be held to-day. 4 • A meeting of the electors of Sebastopol was oonvened by the mayor.(Cr Hughes) and Mr J. Evans (president of the Sebastopol branoh of the A.N.A.), to have bean held last night at the Sebastopol Town Hall, but the attend ance was exceedingly poor and the meeting was postponed. The few present, however, held a short meeting, presided over by the m »y°r- Mr J. Vallins suggested that the meeting be held next week, and, in the mean time, a oommittee be formed of the looal reai dente, including those present, to form a branoh of the Federation League organised in Ballarat by the members of the Australian Natives’ As sooiation, to make arrangement! for the meeting tii be held in fnrtheranoe of the Federal move ment, and endeavor to aeonre the consent of the electors to the Commonwealth Bill. The proposal was agreed npon, and the following were appointed:—President, the mayor (Ur Hughes); vioe-preaident, Cr Diokinaen; secre tary, Mr J. Evans; treasurer, Mr W. Bradley; committee, Cra Ingle, Fitohee, Franklin, Clark, Rowsell, Jones, and Meeera C. Matties, W. Jones, C. Blythe, E. Thomas, J. Burke, P. J. Bourke, J. W. Williams, J. Hioks, T. Soper, and W. David. The chairman said that in accordance with a promiie made to him by the Attorney-General, Mr laaaoa, to visit Sebastopol and deliver an address on Federation, he had written to MrTsaacs asking, him to visit Sebastopol as soon as convenient. He had received a reply by wire to the effect that the Attorney-General would bo happy to visit Sebastopol as soon aa possible, but he could not do so this week. It was decided to hold a public meeting next week for the pur pose for whioh the meeting to have been held last night was convened, and if poaaiblo to ascertain the night Mr Isaacs would be able to attend. If he could not viait Sebastopol next week it was agreed to hold the meeting in any oase, and to ask Mr Kirton and mns other speaker from Ballarat to attend and delivsr an address, and convene another meeting on the oooa-ion of Mr Isaacs' visit. Friday, the 13th inst., was suggested as the most suitable night, but the fixing of the date was eventually left in the hands of the mayor. The oanvass for funds to properly prosecute the federation campaign is progressing satis factorily. Messrs Besemeres and N. Wanliss have obtained promises of d»nations from tradesmen in Lydiard street which will materially swell the funds, and business men in S’urt street will be waited on by other mem bers of the exeoutive committee before the end of the week. Up to the presont the canvassers have been very cordially received, tradesmen recognising thit they will benefit materially should the nnion of the colonies be effected. Other arrangements in connection with the campaign are also being perfected, anil there is no lack of speakers for the various meetings it is intended to hold in order to further the cause. -'Much dissatisfaction has been caused in senior cricket ciroles by the canoailing of the matobes in progre-8 between East Ballarat and A teams on the Western Oval, and Wan dourse with B team at the Eastern Oval. It would seem as if the association had aoted somewhat hastily, having regard to rules 7 and 9, whioh declare that all matches shall be played out until every competing team meets every other twice. No other rule gives the association power to interfere, and it is held that in cancelling the matohes in question, thn oricket council is ultra vires. We understand that one of the teams has met aud carried a unanimous protest. For some time past Mr D. Herr, ex-M.L.A., of Bnnioyong, has been in a very critioal state of health. His friends at a distance will be pleased to learn that, under Dr Longdeu’s care, lie is progressing very satisfactorily, and expeots to be able to leave his bed in about a week’s time. In addressing his Honor Judge Hamilton, at thn sitting of the Insolvency Court yester day, Mr F. Ham, who appeared for an in solvent, whose certificate was opposed, as serted that the opposition was due to a vin dictive feeling. His Honor remarked that nearly every opposed certificate which oame before the court was owing to angry exas perated creditors, and that a bad temper brought them into court, while a good temper would keep them away. Later on, Mr Ham, in order to emphasise a point said, “Now sup posing your Honor that I owed yon money,” before counsel could finish his suppositious ca-e, Jndge Hamilton retorted, “I wish to goodness that you did.” A laugh followed, and Mr Ham remarked that perhaps his Honor would find that he was in no better position to pay than his client was. His Honor' smiled, and evidently considered that tbs re covery of the money, if owing, would not be a very hard matter. His Honor Jndge Hamilton yesterday dis posed of the business set down for hearing at the County, Licensing, and Insolvency Courts, A report of yesterday’s proceedings appears in another aolumn. An individual whose appearance indicated his very rare and slight acquaintance with soap and water, was charged with vagrancy at the Town Court yesterday, and con ducted hiß defence with great confidence and persistency, his principal mo le of proce dure being what is generally known as “ bluff.” “ Remember you are on your oath,” he ob served to one of the witnesses for the prosecu tion, who stated that he identified him as a man who had pawned a stolen hammer at hie shop. “You swsar that' it was me,” con tinued the accused, who was not particular as to his grammar. “If it was not you it must have been your ghost,” replied the witness. This reply silenced thn accused for a few minutes, but he soon re commenced with great pertinacity his cross-examination, and when giving evidence on his own behalf gave a long account of his frantic endeavors to obtain work at umbrella mending and razor setting. The bench, however, were not favorably im pressed bv bis story, and sentenced him to 12 months’ imprisonment. Entries for the Grenville Turf Club raoes will appear in nur issue of Friday. As the -entries are very good an excellent day’s racing is anticipated. Among the many attractive and amusing feature* in connection with the Garnham benefit demonstration and sports to be held tn morrow, not the least striking and original of the displays will be a ” pip-*alay band.” It was tb»nght by tho ingenious promoter* of tha affair that aa the D irktewn Fire Brigade would be well represented, to say nothing of thn various other negro groups who will appear in fantastic oo*tums«, a pipeclay band with faces like those of ghosts, would relieve ihe monotony and sombreness of the -cene. On tha Eastern Oval where tha sports will take place, a house is being erected which will be set on fire in order that the Darktown Brigade may 'lispl <y their prowess in the art of fire-figbting. This display alone is calculated to cause in tense diversion. For the University matriculation examina tion to be held at the School of Mines next week, 30 candidates will present thomselves. This number is about the usual average at this time of the year. Tha examination, which will ba conducted by Messrs T Mann and E. P. Wynne, will commence ou Monday. The Rev. A. J. H. Priest, inonmbent of Creswiok, has been seleoted by tbe board of nomination to fill the vacancy in the parish of So. Mary’s, Coilfield, caused by the departure of the Rav. H. B. Maaartney for Eagland. A male witness in the County Court yestor d ay aroused tbe ire of his Honor Judge Hamil ton by the manner in whioh he whispered replies to questions put to him After im ploring the witness to speak louder, a request whioh met with no response, his Honor said that it was absurd for a man to coma into court to give evidence, and when ha got into tbe witness box, to start whispering as though he was talking to his girl in a ballroom. Tbe sarcasm was totally lost on the witness, whose Voice gradually faded away until he bec>me almost inaudible, and finally counsel examin ing the witness, ordered him to stand down, as his Honor ram irked that tbe man’s eri dence was not worth consideration. A special train will pa*n throngh Ballarat to-morrow, afternoon oonveying 200 members of “The Babes in the Wood” Pantomime- Company to Adelaide. In the report of the action of Trewin v Cleg horn Bros., in which the plaintiff sought to recover £65 3s 4d money due on the sale of 150 tons of hay, and which was heard at bhe Coun'y Court on Tuesday, when his Honor gave a verdiot for £3O 8' 4d, it should have been explained that the defendants paid into onurt £34 15s, so that the additional sum awarded by the judge made up the full amount olaimed by tho plaintiff. The meeting of the Board of Publio Health was adjourned yesterday out of respect to their lete member, Mr W. Anderson. The chairman (Dr Grsshwell), and tho mayor (Cr Shoppee) after attending the funeral loft again last, evening for Melbourne, to attend the meeting to-day. ?On Sunday next St. Andrew’s Presbyterian Sunday schools will commence their anniver sary celebrations. The Rev. James Gibson, of West Melbourne, whose popular preaching is well-known, will onnduct three special ser vioes, in tha morning, afternoon, and evening. On Wednesday, 11th May, the usual tea meeting, concert, nnd prize distribution will take place in the school hall. A little boy named Henry Hdwards, four years of age, living with bis parents in Drum mond Btreat, met with a painful accident yesterday. Whilst playing skittles in the house, be put one of his hands through a glass door and severely out it. He was taken to the Hospital, where it was found necessary to put four stitohes into the wound. The committee who have the arrangements for the Girnbam benefit entertainment at tho Eastern Oval_ to-morrow met last night to anmplete their arrangements. There was a large attendance at the meeting, which was held at the Ballarat Fire Brigade station Mr P. Cnokburn occupied the chair. Satisfactory reports were handed in from the looal and suburban fire brigades, each of whioh is making a special effort to provide an interesting nnd novel display. Tha members of Buloh’s and Prout s bands have volunteered to assist, and will take part in the procession. Tho Ballarat East Board of Advice has arranged for the sohool obildren to be released at 2 o’olook in the afternoon, se that they may have an opportunity of witnessing the sports, aud it is anticipated that the same course will be fol lowed by the City Board. of Advioe. A large nnmber of handsome and useful prizes have been donated for the winners of the various events, and it .is anticipated that there will be a keen competition. The pro- ' cession is to bs of a most novel character, and will include eerer.il amusing and grotesque feature.. .Amongst, other, ft* 0 ? affroao of Chinese under toe onarße .. « iZZ Chang. The procession will .start at 2 o’olook from the Fire Brigade statton. .treat, and will march through f £ he *“ n f road’ Bridge street, up the nortti .emeu Sturt street" as far as Daweon down the south side, and thenoe _ generally are of auch a nature that a gra y ing auoeeas may be anticipated. John Smith, aged 36 year*, a laborer, was arrested yesterday by Constable Montague on "charge of stealing a aet of buggy harne.a and a riding saddle, the property of ibomas Carroll. The artioles, which are valned at .£3 10a, were stolen on the ISth inst., but >nforma tioi was not given to the police until Tnee day last. The accused will be brought before the Town Police Coarc this mornioff. A considerable amount of interest, is being taken in the illustrated vocal entertainment and cinematographs display to be given Dana street Lecture Hall to-morrow evening. The programme comprises selections varied to the popular taste, and the repntation of Mr Gunn as an operator is of a very high standard, as the oritiques of the press of the metropolis testify. Half of the proceeds are te be devoted to a charitable objoot. Mrs Light, an aged woman and a very old resident of Ballarat, died at the Hospital yesterday. Special eervioes in connection witn tne Wesleyan Home Mission Fund were held last night at Mount Pleasant and Bullarook. At the former place Mrs Varooe delivered an instructive address, Mr W. James being in the chair; and at the latter, with the Rev. Smith as chairman, Sister Florence gave some interesting information concerning work in the Melbourne slums. To night the Rev. E. S. Bickford will address a meeting at Golden Point, and Mrs Varcoe will speak at Brown Hill. William Fremantle, who waß so severely injured on Saturday last, lies at th* Hospital in an unchanged condition. The annual demonstration of the Neil Btreet Wesleyan Sanday-sohool will take place on Sunday next, and viewed from a preaching and singing standpoint, promises to be the most successful yet held by the school. The Rev. H. Howard will officiate at both morning and evening services, and the .Rev. C. Anthony in the afternoon. Given fine weather, there should be crowded congregations at each Hervice. Three supposed typhoid fever patients were admitted to the Hospital yesterday. What promises to be an entertainment of a very high order is to be tendored to-morrow evening in the Mechanics* Institute by the Rev. D. K. Harrington on the eve of his de parture for a tour in the old oountry. The views, which have been specially aeoured by the rev, gentleman, oonsist of some of the beauty spots for which Ireland is so famous in all parts of the world. Some of the lending voodi->ts of Ballarat will render a number of beautiful Irish ballads. Father Harrington, who is famed as an instructive and humorous lecturer, will speak on the various scenes; and, considering how tickets are being sought after, an overflowing house is assured. An enjoyahle social gathering was h.ld last night in the Eyre street Primitive Methodist schoolroom in aid of the sohool funds. There was a large attendance, and a pleasant couple of hours were sp-nt in social games and other amusements. During the evening refresh ments provided by the ladies were partaken of. Two male patients at the Wendourea Lunatic Asylnm yesterday esoaped from the institution, and np to a late hoar Inst night had not been reoaptnrsd. Both men are re ported to be harmless. 