TUE STORY OF À STAMPEDE. A FAMOUS INCIDENT OF COWBOV LIFE. In 1870 the Wilson Bröthen, of Kansai City, .purchased over 15,000 head of oattle 'and arranged to centralise the herd near Comanche Springs, in M'Lemiau County. On the 4th of July the entire herd was under way, headed for Towash, on the Brazos Biver. It was A magnificent anny of steers, in superb condition, kept together by a corps of twenty five cowboys, mounted on broncos. At four o'clock in the afternoon, writes J. B. Cranfill in -tho Independent, a black cloud showed above the toothill?, and the sun shining against it painted a r«iubow which appeared to touch tho earth at both ends. The entire herd became nervous, and showed their fear by tboBB low hellowings ominous to the experienced cattleman as the muttering thunder. When the sun set, the cattle were bedded on the plains near tho South Bosque. A detail of four cowboys wau made for the first watch, and theso mounted sentinels took their places and rode silently around the sleeping squadron of long-horns. Tho first watch ended at nine o'clock, aud tho second walch wont on duty. At ten o'clock thc cattle appeared to bo Bleeping profoundly. The oowboye say that cattle drcuin and seo ghosts ; it is certain that this drove of fifteen thousand was nervous, made so, perhaps, by the thunder- storm of thc previous afternoon and the rain- bow which they eyed willi suspicion. The stars were ull shining, and there was I no causo at all for the arousing of thc herd. They appeared to get up all at once, with a single purpose, and thc roar that was beard I seemed to come from a Bingle throat. Thc WiUon brothers and their cowboys, who were sleeping iu their camp, rushed to their ponies, who were grazing with the saddles und bridles on, and as fast as the bits could be replaced in their mouthe, they mounted and galloped to thc flanks of the now disappearing mass. The cowboys kept out of the way of the charging mass, and galloped on thc flanks, moving toward the head of the column, hoping to start them moving in a circle. As the nord rushed on, their horns rattled together, and all the horns of fifteen thousand head of cattle muline; together sounded Uko an im- mense concert of castanets. Tho chief of thu Wilson brothers was riding a cream-coloured stallion, and he had his Colt's revolver in his hand. One of the cowboy on a gray horse was able to keep up with him. These two distanced all thc others. They rode across tho front of the stampede, which ia a feat attended with terrific danger ; for when a rider is in front of the rushing drove of mad callie, if bis horse should stumble and fall, he may be put down as a thine of thc pant. The herd will " wipe bim out." There was a bunch of about fifty cattle fully twenty yards in advance, and towards this leading group thc two rescuers rode. Of the leading group, aleo, some were faster th a ti others, aud this group ran in a diamond shape, with two immense steers leading all. Wheu Mr. Wilson and his com- panion reached thc two leading steers they began shooting their revolvers close to them, and in that way the bunch was made to oblique, and as the leading bunch of cattle obliqued, thc main stampede obliqued, and the Britt step in " milling " had been taken. My this time the cattle were getting tired. Nearly five miles had been covered, and the breath of the leaders WOB coming short and painfully ; but they were rushing on, because thc front cattle at this time knew as a matter of fact their only safely was in kecpiug up tho run. Mr. Wilson had a Mexican along, one of the best cowboys in thc south-west. This Mexi- can had been to the little brandy runtot too often, and bia usual excellent judgment wcut awry. Wheu he succeeded in getting mounted, thc stampede had gone past him, so that when he overtook thc rear cud he passed to the front on the other side and rode on the wrong flank. When he reached the head of the herd, be WSB just in time to defeat the manouvre then under execution of bending the moving mass from a straight line to a semi-circle. Revolver in baud, disregarding the other men, he began shooting in tho faces of thc wild steers ; and the effect of this was to straighten the run and bring the ad- vance straight toward a precipice. This precipice w-aa a wash in the prairie, forming a deep ravine fully thirty yards wide ; and in a shorter limo than it takes to tell the head of the column was pouring over, a horrible cas- cade of beef, plunging madly iuto destruction while fleeing from an imaginary danger. When Mr. Wilson and his lieutenants saw that it was impossible to save their cattle, tbey saved themselves by dexterously turning ut right angles at full speed and riding out of the way. They next returned to tbeflaukand heida i council of war. A few Beconds decided them, aud all hands commenced shooting into thc herd, tho object now heiug to build a breast- work of carcasses and save the rear end from the destruction that had overtaken the front. The gully WSB nearly full by this time. They were snorting sod bellowing, crashing and tearing, and still heaping up ; and when the firing began the wounded ones tumbled over ou the others, and io a short time the gully, like the sunken road at Waterloo, was bridged by carcasses. The herd Burged up in billows, and bent uaw because it could not do otherwise. The semi-circle was formed, and Wilson and his men crossed the gully below and rode round the opposite side and re- crossed ; and in a short time they had the cattle halted, forming an incomplete letter 0, and there they stood, blowing, bellowing, shivering. AU hands remained on watch all night, and in thc morning, when a count was made, it was ascertained that twenty-seven hundred head were missing. There wets afterwards twenty-seven hundred pairs of horns taken from that gully. It was called " Stampede Gully " for many years afterwards. 