WEDNESDAY, MAY 4, 1896. THE DOOMED BLACK HAN. THERE is something indescribably pitiful in the mission of the miserable little band of blacks who have come in from Poolamacca to give a trivial corroboree and whine the while for winter blankets. There are only a handful of them altogether ; and even these, by no means healthy some of them, are not members of a single tribe, but have been gathered from the four winds. The pioneers of the West Darling say that once upon time the natives of this part, if not numerous, were at the least warlike and hardy, pushing back and living fat on plentiful game in the good seasons, and coming down to the lakes and the river in the bad. One by one, though, the poor wretches have already in these few years passed away, victims to their own superstitions and the "civilising" agencies of the white settlers, until they have come to this wretched state. Once they start to go down hill their progress is very fast. Professor Baldwin Spencer has just been remarking upon this feature to the Science Club of the Mel- bourne University. "Men," he said, " who can survive from injuries or wounds that would certainly be fatal to any white person give up the ghost just because they have the conviction that they must do so—that there is no escape for them. When under such delusions they have the power of simply lying down and dying." And it seems impossible to do any- thing of a really substantial sort for them. There is a pretty general belief among the good people who have not troubled to inquire into tho matter that rum and bad whiskey and tobacco and venereal and other diseases, the products of " civilisation," are responsible for the appallingly rapid disappearance of the aborigines from off the face of the earth. The white's maltreatment of the blacks with regard to spirits and the other things has, no doubt, been shocking indeed. Professor Spencer must know that well enough from the inquiries he personally made in Central Australia; and every impartial person with average humanitarian ideas going into those parts fresh from the towns must be pained by his first experiences. More- over, it is to be feared that the natives derive little real protection from the authorities. We lately had the officer at Alice Springs, which is almost at the heart of the continent, asking, not for more powers to protect his black charges from thc notorious vices of the whites, but for more power to punish the blacks who molest the whites or their property. If only the aborigines produced now and then a man of superior natural ability— a man who could stand out as their leader, as many among the Maoris have done, and act as ambassador be- tween the whites and the blacks, bowing to the strength of the one but making large claims on the ground of humanity for the other ! The pity of it is that the "kings" have been as miserable as the best of them—sometimes, perhaps, a little more cunning and often a good deal more drunken. Nobody has been actively interested in inducing them to retain what virtues they originally had ; nobody (the exceptions are insignificant) has stood between them and the temptation of vicious whites. Still, we repeat, not much to permanently benefit them could be done. Their mental weakness, their indolence, and their "shiftlessness," coupled with that awful fatalism of which we have spoken, marked them out for speedy disappear- ance. At Poolamacca head station, for instance, Mr. Brougham has made many fruitless attempts to improve the posi- tion of this "tribe," as it is miscalled. On one occasion, years ago, he built for tbem a spacious iron hut—a replica on a very large scale of their "wurly." Yet presently they were out among their ?rags and dogs, their smoke and filth and ?indescribable discomforts. Nor can they be with rare exceptions engaged at work which calls for continuous effort. They must have their "walk about." State- supported "camps" for this reason, among others, always fail ; the sad ex- perience has hitherto been pretty general that they speedily became populated with half-breeds—a little class which in the far back country gives vastly more trouble than the pure-breeds, man for man. Yet there are but few of us who have not at some time or other felt a strong inclination to do something for these folks whom we have dispossessed of their hunting grounds, from whom we have taken that means of living to which alone they were accustomed through uncounted generations.. But how is it to be done ? We cannot yield up the country ; and it is doubtful whether even that heroic remedy would do them any good now. We can, it is to be feared, do nothing at all of a permanent character for them. All that we can do is to give them that sixpence for which they so pitifully beg, and trust that it won't cause them pain. There is perhaps a more humane, but unlawful, service we might render them. And yet—who knows ? They do not seem unhappy. The fatalism which makes their rapid extermination so sure also, at any rate, helps them to ignore the future or regard it with indifference. 