HEMS ABOUT MUMMERS. When on the Peninsula lately Madame Amy Sherwin was asked to sing in aid of a porch it is proposed to add to one of the churches. It was suggested that if the lady complied with the request the porch should be called " The Amy Sherwin Porch." Madame Sherwin did record business at Broken Hill and also at Port Pirie. Some enthusiastic souls serenaded Baritone Paull at the Prince Alfred Hotel last Thursday evening, and none of them wanted to go away until the milkman came round. George Rignold is one of the latest managers who intends to visit the West. The country of gold will soon be overdone at this rate. Manuel Garcia, now in his 94th j ear, is still teaching in London. Among his pupils were Jenny Lind and Jul. Stockhausen. He has been a teacher of singing at the Royal Academy of Music, London, since 1850. Great is thy name O Adelaide and great is the number of thy benefit concerts. The Madame Alva Concert Com pany will be in Adelaide in three weeks' time. They should meet with an excellent reception. Miss Lucy Stevenson deserves well of the Adelaide public in regard to her forthcoming benefit. She has always been willing to give her services when they have been asked of her by her brother and sister artists, and she has always been a favorite with the Adelaide public, not only because of her artistic singing, but also because of her charm of manner. Some very excellent illustrations of Tom Pollard and the members of his Opera Company appear in a recent number of the Christchurch Press. Things theatrical seem to be some what dull all over Australia just now. The sensational productions have all temporarily had their day, and the Poverty Pointers contemplate the growing holes in their boots and curse a policy which introduces artists from England and leaves them out in the wet without even the grateful shade of an umbrella. By-and-bye local talent Vill receive better recognition, but as things are at present, if Quiz were asked by a anxious parent " Shall I make John Henry an actor or a hod carrier ?" he would most unquestion ably give his vote in favor of the hod carrier. A sister of Essie Jenyns, who has adopted the stage name of Cecil Arden, recently made a big hit as Rosalind in " As You Like It " at the Johannesburg Theatre during the season conducted there by her father, W. J. Hollo way. The lady is said to have looked charming in the part and to have been much admired. Walter Baker has been a member of the Bland Holt Company for the last eight years. And all that time he has been playing the persecuted hero ! Madame Melba is said to be very fond of London. Her chief delight is to sit at an open window and watch the shipping passing up and down the Thames. Miss Lucy Cobb, who used to lead the Royal Ballerinas, now takes small parts, and was one of the " Three Little Maids from School" in " The Mikado." Pat' ie Browne appears to have been making a great impression on the Sydney public, and she is sure of a very warm welcome in Adelaide, where she was always a warm favorite. There are few of us who are likely to forget Pattie in " Betsy," not to speak of at least half-a-dozen other parts in which she from time to time gained our hearts. Miss Jule Lay ton has, it is said, made up her mind to go to England and be a greater than Ada Crossley. If Miss Layton will submit herself to severe training she is likely to make a name for herself Dear Quiz—They tell me that the Conservatorium Orchestra concerts are proving a financial failure, not meet ing the expenses to the tune#of .£20 or thereabouts. I am not surprised at this, as any attempt to combine the popular and the classical cannot possibly be a success in " Musical Adelaide." Here we want the lightest of everything and the cheapest.— Yours, Beethoven s Ghost. 