; HOW LIGHT TRAVELS. Light, as a traveller, in point of rapidity is : only rivalled by eleetrioity, its speed being so: vast that it is only when we Lave to deal with the enormous distance stretohing be- tween us and our sun, and the far greater ones between our system and the myriad others whioh dot our skies with the fixed stars, _ that , appreciable, periods of the time comia in play. A rey of light sent to us from OM: sud, for instance, traverses the inter vening space of some 95,000,000 miles in ab,out eight minutes— that is, at the rate of ove 180,000 miles per second, so that about, onqjeighlh of a single second will suffice to flasjh a sunbeam right round the world if a 8eyi6s of mirrors could be arranged to reflect it from point to point on its surface. This enormous speed appears still more wonderful whgn we consider that light makes its way thpjjugh space by means of waves, so that ihejay, by pursuing a wavy line instead of a perfectly straight one, really travels much farther, and has besides to "perform an in onity of work in generating these waves or vibrations as it proceeds. These waves are alsp. marvellous in their minuteness and their varied character, since the white beam of igh't whioh strikes our eye in the sunbeam an ade up by a whole host of waves of dif- ferent lengths, each length by itself having a afferent colour, though the blend of .the whole is white. Henoe, if we pass the ray of light through a piece of glass out with three sides, and known as a prism, we get an artificial rain bow. owing to glass so out having the sin gular property of sorting out the different kinds of waves as they pass through it and' thus separately displaying their particular tints- These tints are always arranged in the same order— viz., dark red at one end, merging gradually, through orange, yellow, green, and bine, into dark violet at the other, beyond which visible limit other waves make their presence felt as heat, whioh is part and parcel of the ray. We thus see that in considering how the. light rays travel we must regard it not so rnnoh as an individual travelling party, all bent on the ' beneficent mission of not merely lighting and warming the earth into life and activity, bat also add ing the charm of brilliant oolonring to the l>nnni« nf Iaiw» <1 <ioa1 vcouoj vi iviiu uvivvj»uu uuwvi ouvii auspices. Taking, however, the aunray as onr typical traveller, we have Been that it originates from an impulse given by the glowing son, which first oreates a series of waves or vibrations, and then impels these across a space of many millions of miles. Now, pre cisely here we strike one of the greatest mysteries with which onr scientists are trying to cope, and that is the nature of the medium or the road by whioh these waves oan jour ney. This must Btretoh not merely all the the way from here to the sun, but also into the farthest realms of space in whioh stars are visible to ns, because all light is tonnd to travel by waves, and to be of practically the same nature. If we throw a stone into a pond waveB resnlt whioh travel through the water ; if we fire a pistol, sound or air waves result whioh travel through the air; if we stretch a wire, or. string, .. and strike one end of it, waves will ran along to the other end; and in all these oases we find an unbroken series of links, as, it were, existing between one wave and another, and an appreciable medium by whioh they travel. In space, however, there is absolutely nothing existing which we oan deteot as having weight or any snbstantial quality, whatever our finest astronomical calculations work ont as exactly as if nothing at all existed beyond the limits of onr atmosphere, though the lightest gas known would hinder the motions of the planets in a very marked fashion indeed. Waves, however, cannot exist without a medium, they must travel along something, and hehce soientiats are driven to the con clusion that all space- is filled with an incon ceivably thin body which they call Ether, through whioh, and by means of whioh, these compact little communities of light waves reach ns, not only from our own sun, moon and planets, bat from all the other luminous bodies which: fill the heavens. The Ether being perforce taken for granted, we are brought face to face with another stupendous faot regarding the travelling powers of fight rays; and that is their stay ing power over long journeys. Judging by the wateiy or serial waves we have cited, there seems to be a limit to tbeir travelling ; were the Pacific ocean as still as a millpond we should not expect a pebble cast into it at the equator to produce ah appreciable wave into the Arctic regions, and sound waves do not travel very, far before dying out. . What, then, must- we think - of -these infinitely smaller waves of light which come to ns from the the fixed stars, some of which hey left centuries ago, and, after' travelling the whole time at the fall Bpeed of 180,000" -miles and more par second; can yet strike the; eye of the astronomer or print tbeir image on his photographic plate with unabated energy? This again impresses us with the marvellously thin nature of the ether of spaoe, whioh through all this long journey has failed to' dim or w eaken the ray in the slightest degree. Light, too, as a. traveller, is not only capable of traversing spaoe and onr - atmosphere, bat - ghs at tbe adamantine surface of the diamond itself as a typo of a thousand trans parent bodies. The ray and the Ether alike pass through theolosely set atoms of the gem without other effect than the sorting out process which produces the brilliant play of colour we know of. Into, all bodies, transparent or not, some of tbe light waves penetrate, while others are thrown off, and it is these latter whioh, striking then upon our eye, finish their long journey by pioturing within our brain not only the myriad tints which surround ns but also the forms of everything we see. We say 'evertbing' advisedly, for all the beauty we enjoy, save the light of the starry hosts or the transient heavenly visitors, oomets or meteors, is due directly or indirectly to the sun's rays. Our artificial lights — oil, tallow, gas, or even.electrio— are all pal? ghosts of the beams of long ago, whose light and warmth bnilt up the coal, petroleum, or other deposits wbenoe T?e now .derive our illu- minants. 