GRANT'S WIFE. And when your love Has oooquored pride— A man was sineing to the accompaniment of the concertina. The notes were long drawn and filled with a certain mugh pathos. His com panions listened in approving silencu until tb» bode caino to an end. ' Music's a cheering thing in a man b life,' remarked an oM, thin, weather- beaten shepherd, the owner of the New Zealand hut wheriu the four men were seated before a large wood fire. Jackson's whare was the only habitation for miles around. It was situated upon a lonely road, aud was the general refuge for all belated shepherds, stockmen.and rabbiters belonging to the 'run.' Aloug, narrow room scantily furnished, with bunks built into the walls, a table and a few odd stools and chairs, all of which at present were drawn up to tbe fireplace. The men were smoking ; the atmosphere was dense; there was a general odour of tobacco, mackintosh, leather, also wet sheep dog, for there were several of these animals lying down or creeping about, and tbe musical programme was occasionally varied by a diBmal howl from one or other of them which bad rashly ventured into tbe charmed circle round tbe blazing logs, aud got in tbe way of somebody's great boots. A heap of damp saddles was thrown into a corner, whips, straps, and spurs lay about ou table ami floor. There was »o light savo that of Ihe fire, which sued a flickering crimson glow into the room, lending a certain picturesque charm to the common-plane interior, and soften ing the rough faces of tho men. ' Sing again, Willie,' said the host, and the musician, a thick-set, pleasant looking youug man, complied, »ud gave them ' The Ship thai. Never Returned,' ' Rock Me to Sleep Mother,' ' Annie Rooney,' and would probably have favoured the company with half-a-dozen more, not being in the least bashful, but that his next neighbour a man whose distinctive characteris tics were a pair of long legs, a pronounced scowl, and a huge moustache, huggested that they had had enough of him ; so he meekly depoaited his instrument brneath his cbnir, and the party lapsed into silence, broken only by the cheerful cracklings of tbe burning wood and tbe sound of the rain on the roof. The old men took his pipe out of bis mouth and made a long shot at a glowing ember. ' She's a bad 'un,' he said, slowly. ' I don't like her eye.' Tbe remark was apropos of nothing, and no body asked any questions. ?' She's a d ? d bad 'un,' be continued in au argumentative tone; but still his companions puffed away gravely and made no answer. ' She's tricky, that's what she is,' be went on, after a pause, ' and my opinion is that the boss has got a handful.' It was not a horse he was speaking of, but a woman, as a remark from the moustanhed man betrayed. ' You've only seen her riding, with a hit and a veil on,' he said giulHy. ?? What the ? do you know about h( r eye ? ' Tbe old man squared himself up, ready for the fray. ' I haven't lived fifty-live years in this world for nothing,' he said. ' 1 observed just how that music's a cheery thirg in a mau'h life ; so's a woman, when she's a good one. When she's not, his life is ? ' ' Old Dick is rather amusing on social ques tions,' drawled the fourth man, who had not spoken before— a quiet fellow, looking rather like a broken dowu-gentleman. '' Who is the lady in question r' ?' Mrs. Grant.' said Moustachio. The quiet man whistled. 'His wife,' he said slowly. ' I say, Jackson, you'd better be careful what you're saving.' ' She'd better be careful what she's doing,1' answered Jackson, angry- at the n buke, for he ; was generally isdnsiSeretl somethiug~of : an oracle. ' When a young woman with an elderly husband spends half her time riding about with a fellow like Spencer — ' ' Spencer ?' ' Yes, that idle, loafing cad of a remittance man,' ' I know. I don't admire her taste.' ' You'll never fathom a woman,' continued the old man, recovering his tone of wonted im portance, and staring gravely into the fire 'Everyone else considers tbetellow a cad, there- fore she's bound to be shook on him. Ho's as handsome as tbe devil, dresses well, aod he rides Grant's horses as if they were his own and he had about fourteen more out in the pad dock.' m The man with tbe moustache paused in his occupation of stirring up the tobacco in bis pipe with bis penknife, and turned to his bost. 'You kuuw a fat lot, Jackson,' be said, 'hut I think you are wrong this trip. She seems a nicfl youug woman. I have seen her ouce or twice prc-tty close?' ?? What is she like to look at ?' asked thu quiet man. ' Oh, small and dark,' said Jackson, ' with a lot of black hair that'B always tumbling down when she's riding, nnd that's one up agin ber. A nice woman ki-cps her hair neat.' Tbe other man laughed. ? 'You're a rum old card.' he said, 'but I tbink I'd keep my mouth Bhut on this subject if I were you. Whether you are right or wrong it's a dangerous business to meddle with.' Then one of them started talking ' sheep,' and everything else in Heavon and upon earth faded into utter insignificance. RamB, hoggets, ewes, lambs, Merino, South .Down, Lincoln, it went on, an endless and all-absorbing topic. Pipes were filled again and ftgain. The fire gut low, they talked almost in tbe dark. ? Suddenly the sleeping dogs started up with sharp little barks, more barking was going on outside, aud presently the. sound of approaching horses ieca me audible. Jackson got up.and threw more wood upon tbe fire, a shower ot spaiks flew up the chimney, then he walked pver and opened the door. ' The quiet man went oo smoking. Willie rose and |-ut his con certina into his bunk, as if be feared the coming visitors might wish to steal it. It was a stormy night. The wind blew the rain in at the door ; the old man was calling out to fiooieone . ' There's two of 'em,' he said, looking back into the hut ; ' a man aud a boy.' He went outside ; the visitors came nearer. ?? Put your horses into the shed and give 'em a feed,' he shouted. ' . : There was more conversation and the flicker ing of a lantern, and in a short time Jackson returned to the whare. His grey hair was all blown abont ; he had a queer expression iu his ? ' They've lost their way,' he said, *' they are only going to stay a short time to rest the horses and the boy.' ' Who are they ?' asked Moustacbio. Jackson did not answer, but looked at the quiet man, whose face was blank and uncon cerned. The logs had blazed up ; the hut was light »nd cheerful-lor.king. A man entered ; tall, fair, and extremely handsome.' He was followed by a lad in a great coat and aTcoitttd Tam-o'-Shanter. ...... ?? Sorry to disturb you. my friends,' he said, in a deep, dear voice. ' ' In tbu darkness and the beastly bad roads we lost our way. The hoi see are knocked up, and want a bit of a spell. We have a long way to go to F ? .' ' Sixteen miles,' said tho quiet man. . Jackson was busy hanging the billy over the fire. ' f ' I'll give yon some hot tea,' he said to the boy, ' come near the fire.' 'Oh, he'« not cold,' cried the handsome man. hurriedly. ' Give him a rug and let him lie down. We came through a bmstly bush track, tie is tired.' Mustachio threw him a large striped rug. Ho rolled the boy up in it, and he lay down in a'cornor, ?? It'e d— — bad look !' continued the str«Dg«r, coming forward. ' Who is the boy ?' asked Willie. ' Ob, a nipper from^ town. I'm taking him buck to his ma.' ' He's a good-looking lad,' said tbe quiet man. ' Yes.' Jackson made tho tea. He handed some in a pannikin to the visitor, then dipped out some more, and was going over to where the boy lay, but the other man put his own down on the table. ' I'll take it to him,' he said. The quiet man looked at Jackson and raited his eyebrows a hnir's breadth. Tbe stranger came baok to tbe fire, and sat looking into it with a moody expression upon his face. Suddmly be threw back his head and laughed —a lnugh*%hat madethe dogs start up and growl. ' What's the matter P' said Jackson. ? ' Nothing,' he auBwered, ' I alwnys laugh when I am iu a bad temper.' ' And cry when your happy, I suppose !' drawled the quiet man. ' Yes,' he said, ' but I haven't cried yet ', He drank his tea and lit bis pipe. They all lit fresh pipes ; the group round tbe fire was increased by one ; conversation became general. They eventually returned to their muttoijs. I'bo boy slumbered in his corner ; the dog» remained quiet. Soon Willie crept away and got his concertina unit began playing softly to himself. It seemed to sooth the company— their voiccb sank to a murmur, the rain still pattered on tbe roof, and thus an hour passed away. Willie ceased playing, left the Bre, and tumbled into hiB bulk. Moustachio stood up and yawned, .lackson was gazing into the embers and nodding slightly. After a time the stranger stood up. ' I tbink we'll go on,' he said, and walked over to the boy. For a moment or tivo he bent over him, then raised him to his feet. ' Are you res led, young fellow P ' asked the quiet man, coming forward. ' Yes, thank you.' answered the lad in a low voice. He seemed rather sleepy and dated. Between his coat collar and his hat there was nothing to be seen but two large dark eyes. He kept his bands in bis pockets and shivered slightly. The nmn turned round to Jackson. ' Thanks very much for your hospitality,1' hn said. ' If you will bring your lantern I think I will go and get tbe horses now.' Presently he heard the horses go off. In a few minatrs Jackson and tbe quiot man returned to tbe but. ' I must have another pipe after that,' ob tervtd tbe latter, and proceeded to fill it. Jackson's mouth was twitching. Something seemed tn amuse him. ' What's up ? ' asked Moustachio. The quiet man looked at the old one, who re t-ponded to the lotk with just the ghost of a wink ' Now we'll turn in,' he sard ; but just then the dogs began to bark again. 'They are coming back,' said tbe tnoustached man. ' It's from the other direction, one person riding,' said the quiet man. Jackson was listening. ' It's the boss,' he cried, ' on the grey,'' and rose hurriedly, went out of the door, and closed it after him. After a few minutes a horseman stopped suddenly onUide, and a quick, authoritative voice called out to Jnckson. A short discussion followed, and a loud oath. Tbe old man came back. A broad grin was upon his weather beaten countenance. He chut the door, and wattcea up to the fireplace.- ? ., ..*» ?' He'll catch them up,' he cried, rubbing bis hands. J . ? Tbe quiet man nodded. He looked rather grave. ?' Poor little thing ! ' he said. ' Snakes ! ' cried Moustachio. Willie lifted his head out of the bunk. ' Who is the man ? ' bo asked. ' Spencer,' replied tbe quiet man. . ' Then tbe boy,'' said Moustacbio, witl, bulging eyeballs. ?' 1 know a fat lot, don't I ? ' chuckled Jack son. 'I'm wrong this trip, eh P Tho boy. my young friend, is the boss's wife ! ' 