WILBERFORCE'S WARDING. The following ghost storv. which is a bona-Sde experience of. Bishop Wilber force, is perhaps not generally known, that, dignitary, having been chary oE con fiding; it to. his _ffiends, though firmly be lieving in the episode himself: "TWiiberforce was returnini returning home ' one evening when lie noticed a fellow pedes trian on the other side of the street who attracted his attention by the extraordi -naiy-,; way ' in ; which he kept step with himself: not: only that, but' he . actually went ■ so far as to copy his ; every gesture. , This natu rally enough, the tpshop thought exceed ingly rude on the stranger's part, and he tried hard to make. out. his face through the gathering dusk,; this, however, he was unable to do. In taking stock of the \peculiar mimicry the, bishop perceived in some amazement that people passing hi ther unfaiown took no notice of him; seemed, indeed, hot to be'aware of his ex istence, and as Wilberforce drew hear to his own door this amazement reached a climax on beholding a passer-by apparently go through the stranger. So firm was his belief in this phenomenon that the bishop's pulses beat quickly aid he hurried to his door, while on his part the . mysterious stranger mounted the steps of' a- house di rectly opposite. Arrived at .the -top Wil-' berforce turiied • involuntarily to • take a hasty glance, and on seeing the stranger's face, which he did clearly, gave a, quick exclamation, for the face he beheld was ! his own! Then the figure vanished. Bishop Wilberforce, unable to account for the incident, regarded it in the light of a warning, and refused to sleep that night i beneath his own roof—a decision that curiously enough, in all probability; saved his life, for. that same night the ceiling of his bedroom gave way just over the spot where his bed stood, and in its descent wrecked that article of furniture utterly. Had the bishop sleDt there that night it is scarcely possible that bis life would have been spared. \- Golden Fenny. 