Lettebs to Aunt Eilt. CoolgRana (Streakt Bay), April 29, 1898. Dear Aunt Eily—I always like reading the letters from your nephews and nieces in "The Southern Cross." Would you please accept me as another niece. I am in the second class, and I go to school at Kirkala with my brothers and sisters. Dear Aunt Eily, I am sending you Is. for the little orphans. With love from your loving niece, Elizabeth Kenny. P.S.—I also send Id. for a membership card. Fair View (Collinsfield), April 3,1898, Dear Aunt Exly—I am a nephew that has never wrote to you before. I am living with Mr. Cummins; I also mind the baby for Mrs. Cummins, and take him out in his pram, every morning. I am learning to ride; I go to the post very often. lam also sending Is. for orphans and Id. for membership card. I remain, your loving nephew, Alexander Malcolm. Age 13 years. Dawson, May 28, 1898. Dear Aunt Eily—The weather is keep ing dry here, and if rain don't come soon the seed will be all destroyed again. A lot of the farmers sowed twice here. I have got another little brother; his name is Leo; he is four months old. I am sending Is. to the orphans. I did not compete for your last competition letter, as the country about here is too desolate looking from the continued drought. I will try for the prize you have spoken about in this week's "Cross." We have maBS once a fortnight in our neat little church, "Our Lady of Mount Carmel." The choir sang, "Come, Holy Ghost, to day." I like that hymn very much. I serve mass with another boy. I remain, your loving nephew, Pateick Dempsey. Adelaide, May 29, 1898. Dear Aunt Eily—Since I hare not written to you this year, I think I will write now, as I mean to try and see how many of your selections 1 can find oat. The lines you have chosen for this week, " Warm with thy fire, &c.;" are taken from the 4th verse of the "Yeni Sanctus Spiritus." Since my last letter my friend, Floss, has gone to live in the country. She has written me one letter, and said she likes the place very much, and she is going to try and get you some members for St. Vincent's Juvenile Club, and she also said she will write to you soon. As I am now getting too big for some of my picture books, I think I will gather them together and send them to, you for tlie orphans. Hoping you are quite well. I remain, your loving niece, "Jo." Pbice, Y.P., April 25,1898. ■ Dear Aunt Eily—As I have never •written to you before I thought I would enlist myself in. your roll of members, which my sister Nellie joined a few weeks ago. She was very pleased to get the membership card, also to see her letter in print. I have left school over two years. I waB in the fifth class, and got my com pulsory certificate. Enclosed please find Id. for membership card and Is. for the orphans. Wishing you every success in your good work, I am, your affectionate niece, Lauretta O'Brien. Angaston, April 27> 1898. \- Deab Aunt Eilt—Isuppose yon think I am a very ungrateful nephew not to write and thank * you for my membership, card hgfore this, but I hopeypu winforgiye me. My brother Willie, and I go to the Government school. It isthie only one here;' I am in the second class. 'There is ho Catholic church here. - Father Williams pomes from Kapiinda once a quarter and says Holy Mast in|(,.private house: I havA |wo brothere^sideBr^^j^i^im, aged fivd^ and Donald, whb'iB b^rly three, and one -lister. She iB^^^ldbs§-pf %he family. | gun nine yeSi^%d:^^gaE|t6h is looking ypry^ pretty after the j»ins; I ^mglad pne. I hm^ ssnduag? - a shilling for the From your losing nephew, Waitjeb J, P, Dowiino. Dawson, < May 28,1898. ' Dear Aunt Eilt—I have never written to yon before, but I suppose you will accept me. The weather has been very dry up here for such a longtime, but it is looking like rain this afternoon. I hope it will rain soon, as feed is very scarce. I am staying with a friend a few miles from home, and 1 like it veiy much. I have two sisters and five brothers. Two brothers and one Bister and I go to school. There is no Catholic Bchool about here, so we have to go to the public school. I was very much interested in the prize letters. I am going to try for the prize you men tioned in this week's " Cross." Mrs. Demp sey is teaching me music, and I like it very much. Dear aunty, I am sending a penny for a membership card, and Is. for the orphans, which has been kindly given to me. 1 will now close, hoping you and the little orphans are all well. I remain, your affectionate niece, ElrLEN MaHEE. Aged 13 years and 3 months. Aunt Eily acknowledges :—Parcel of clothing from Niece Annie Lynch, Nor wood; Niece "Magpie," White Cliffs, Is. 6d.j Niece Kate McMahon, Naracoorte, result of bazaar stall, 9s.; Niece Flossie Holland, Naracoorte, result of bazaar stall, fin. 