THE GREED FOR POLITICAL OFFICE. ; The following letter was written by the Abbe Lamtrienals to a friend, previous to the fall of the VUlele Ministry, In France, In 1827\. I mention this In case it should, be' thought to have been penned quite recently, and inspired by the' tactics of the Prime Min ister of New South Wales on federation and other questions; — "Do you not think,, my dear friend, that If one were as anxious to save one's soul as' that man Is to remain a Minister it would-be as If one were already in heaven?. But such energy is only for hell— hell in this world, of bell In the next. For I do. not think that there can be down there. In the Empire of Shades, any prison eqUal to those official re sidences so desired and so sought .after, at the gates of whloh stand and watch the ghosts whom Aeneas saw at the entrance of the Kingdom of Darkness. Why.' then, Mr, President, do you require so much pressing? Come now, 'a little . reason . . - . . .hut, In stead of listening/there he sits counting ; one vote, tWo votes! ten votes, fifty votes | A minority of fifty! The'pen falls from his hand, his head Is weighed dow-n: ho ,1s ab sorbed by some great thought. Then he' be gins onfe more to count; his face .expands; lie lias . discovered a new combination, a law' of attraction, hitherto unknown, '-. which -wlll- eause the legislative bodies' (they are hot ceiestlal bodies) to gravitate round their centre, which Is himself. ; It is done; the Ministerial universe will go on. On the flrst day he is hopeful; on the. second.: day he is hopeful;- but- on the third, good-bye to the law. good-bye to attraction, ' good bye to the universe, good- bye ' to everything!. And he says;: 'At least - under stand that after me there will be no more suit.'-- 1 warn you;- at most the m'oon wlll'-reJ main to ,you.' This Is met by a chorus of voices:"" 'Long live the moon! Wo love . the moon! We want the moon. Give us the moon!' And I think that, willing or no, the sun will have .to give place, which would be very sad, If we were not already in mid-' .; -winter!" 