HER ESCAJPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "A Laughter of Heth," "A Priucess of Thule," "Madcap Violet," "In Bar Lochaber," " White Heather," "Staud Bast, Craig-lioyston," "Highland Cousins," &c.;, &c.; Published bj- special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.! Chapter XLV.—A Mohnixg Plunge. Now while as yet the new day was hidden by the eastern hills and all the world appeared to lie asleep, a black vehicle was quietly driven up to the lront of General Mallock's railings and almost simultaneously Wild Eelin and Morag the Mull lass issued from Glengarva House, shutting the door noiselessly behind them. And Eelin, in stealthy whispers, was trying to reassure her handmaiden. "There is really no risk, Morag," she said in those hushed undertones. "And it is of great importance for everyone to know what to do when flung into the sea. .You might stumble off a paddle-box, you know, or a row ing boat might be capsized and you ought to be prepared. And there is no risk, Morag, for I am going to save your life, only you must not grip me. You leave me alone and I'll bring you out of the water all right. But don't grip me. Just imagine you are drowned and quite helpless and you'll see how I'll hoist you over the gunwale. I don't think you can possibly catch cold, for it will only be an affair of a few minutes, and in this bag there is everything that can be wanted for a change and the cab will be waiting to bring us back to the house. You're not frightened, are you, Morag?' . "N-no, miss," said the Mull lass with her teeth chattering; the morning air was some what chill. "Because you have courage to put aside all the havers that old Maxwell tells you about Haggart the murderer and his breaking of gaols, and I'm sure you'll be brave enough for this enterprise—when it will be of great practical service to everyone concerned."' Morag said nothing; she was rather a timid lass and she did not quite understand.. But now they were arrived at the black vehicle, from the inside of which Lily Neile spoke blithely— .. . "How are ypu, old girl? All serene? Let Morag go on the box and take your bag [with, her, for I've got one in here and its tol-lol biggish—just in case you may want to save me too—for who knows what accident may occur —and a dry pair of Harris stockings makes all the difference betwixt a man and a mouse.' Good morning, Morag'!—heard anything of David Haggart's ghost whizzing about of late? Bundle up, now; and let's be off." And so they drove away through the night —with here and there an orange gas lamp piercing the darkness and inside the cab Lily Neile and Eelin were singing to themselves, 1 but in carefully diminished toues— I A boafc, a boat, baste to the ferry, t or we are goiDg to Altuaherry. They passed the lights of Invernish ; all the town was dead in slumber; not a dog barked. They went down by Friars-place and Gapel Inch to Thornbush Quay and still the refrain kept coming and going in fitful snatches— A boat, a boat; baste to the ferry, For we are going to Altnaherry. But surely there was some indication of the new day 1 When they got along to the harbor tho masts of a schooner, lying listed over on the mud, could vaguely be made out against the eastern sky; and Cromwell's Fort was dimly visible; and there was a suggestion of land beyond the unknown belt of sea—no doubt, tho Black Isle emerging from its mists. At length the cab was stopped; the three of tbein de scended ; and down by the bank they found a substantial gig moored to a po3t. (Jlearly all this had been arranged ; for the oars were in the boat and the padlock had been removed from tho chain; and so the voyagers took their leave of the land. Lily Neile and Eelin were rowing and the new refrain was— soprano and contralto—with ineffable anguish intermingled Though I leave Ihee now in Sorrow ! Smiles may light our love.to-morrow, { Doomed to part, my faithful heart | A gleam of joy from hope shall borrow, j Ah, ne'er foreet, when friends are near, !• This heart aloue is thine for ever; I Thou may'st Hud those will love thee dear, j Kut not a love like mine, 0 never. | And now behold ! the dawn wa3 beginning to i disclose itself over the wide Moray Firth. ! There was a grey shimmering on the water; j the air smelt keen; arrowy flights of seabirds ; swept by; the long promontory of Fort j George could be made out by anyone familiar I with the line of the coast. And, still these j two palled on in fine'rhythmical'Swing, and now | and again they repeated their pathetic bewail ment— Though I leave thee now in sorrow, or perhaps it was .1 would that iny love could silently —anything, in short, that their fresh young: voices found in unison ; while the all world seemed gradually to awakearid - the houses; and Gastle-hill of-Irivernish -showed sombre; under.the ever-increasiag canopy, of pale blue smoke. It-was the. Black Isle that appeared first to catch the new day. Thpre were yel low clearances and dark plantations, and an; occasional white cottage—they looked human like and welcome and friendly, beyond the forlorn and leaden waste of sea. Boor Morag, seated in the stern of the boat, was wishing herself back in Tobermorj' again, or on any similar and serviceable piece of land. In truth Morag was crying, arid Lily Neile, rowing stroke, was the first to • perceive the, fact. . ' "Why, Morag, what is the matter?" she called to her. " Are you afraid ?" "Oh, no, miss, I am notafrait,' said Morag, wiping her eyes and trying to stifle her sobs. "And whatever Miss Eeliu is wishing me to to do, well, I am willing to do—Kott knows that " "But what on earth are you crying about?" said the frank-spoken Lily Neile—and by this time the increasing light could; reveal to her with what skill she was feathering her oar- . " "Well, before I left Tobermory," said the agitated lass, " my mother was warning me not to get into dancher " "Oh, you silly ass," said Lily Neile good naturedly, "there is no danger at all. Don't you know that Miss Macdonald can swim like an otter? But you needn't disturb yourself. I am going to take your place. It's my life that Miss Macdonald will save and you can remain comfortably in tha- boat. Do you understand that, now?. You just sit where you are. ' Only vou ean reach us an'uar if you see we are drowning." "Lily," Eelin Macdonald protested, "this isn't part of the bargain. If Morag is frightened we can get somebody else, some other morning. . But you have no change of clothes " " Oh, yes, I have," said Miss Neile, who was a young pereon of great courage in all these girlish adventures. "I came prepared— nobody ever knows what's going to happen in that bag is everything both of us couid want. Morag can sit in the boat. Eelin, Eelin," she cried tauntingly, "is it you that's .afraid ? You that would jump down a tiger's throat to have a wrestle with him inside! Eelin Macdonald, afraid of anything—that would be a joke 1 Well, we're far enough now; save me or not, here goes. Back, bow, and get the way off her, for that's only playing fair. ''Are you ready, Nell ? Opener sea than this you don't want anywhere; it's a right down honest trial." "Look here, Lil," said the oarswoman at the boyV. ,"I'think I can undertake, to keep you afiriat for a minute or two—but, no !—oh, no!—I cannot and will not undertake to recover your tam o' shanter," "Ah, there's something in that," responded the wise maidenj and she began to withdraw her bonnet-pin. " You know, you're not such a fearful idiot as you look. There's a glimmer of common sense about you sometimes—rarely —but sometimes. You're a microcephalous ape, but there's just a glimmer of sense about you sometimes She placed her grey tam o' shanter in the stern. "I suppose it will be horribly cold when I jump overboard?" she said apprehensively. "But this is an honest trial, you know, be cause if I were to hear, the ship crunch on to a rock—in the Bed Sea, for example—I shouldn't be waiting in my cabin to pin on this blessed tam. Bow in, there ! Enough way! Oh, Eelin Macdonald, wouldn't it be too distressful if they were to see us from the shore and put out in a boat to rescue us?" Quite unconsciously she was undoing from her neck an eagle's claw set in silver that her mother had given her and as unconsciously she stuck it into the tam o' shan ter. Something was to be saved from the shipwreck. "Lily," said Wild Eelin, in a piteous kind oE way, "I think we have made a mistake. There is no need for you, or for Morag either, to get wet through. I only wanted to show you how long one can keep in the water with one's clothes on and I can do that well enough —so—so—you just stay where you are—and you'll get some idea of what happens when one is ^thrown into the sea unexpectedly. I-will try to show you what is best to do." "And you think I am such a ghastly sneak 1" exclaimed the other, in open scorn. "Well, Lil, old woman, here's your work cut out for you !"—and with no further word of warning she placed one foot on the gunwale and flung herself over. The seething water submerged her for not more than a second or two; here she was again blowing the salt from her lips and striking about with her hands. "Oh, don't splash, Lil—don't splash. I'm coming for you?" and with that Eelin of the sea-blue eyes (she, also, had carefully removed her tam) dropped over the side. In another moment she had got hold of her friend. " Mind you don't grip me, Lil 1" she cried—wlien she Iiad shaken her head like'a Newfoundland dog —"I'm going to save you—I'm going to show you how it's done—but you must sham being insensible—and don't cling to me " Now that they were in the water they found there was a rougher sea on than they couid have anticipated, looking from the thwarts; and Eelin Iiad to make a stiff fight for it, Worse than all the set of the tide was steadily carrying the boat away; and that egregious fool of a woman, Morag, had no thought of putting the oars in the rowlocks and moving in their direction; indeed, she was petrified with fear. And meanwhile—well, no one who 111 as not tried [it can tell .how terribly difficult.it is to hold up another'per son in water, even for a few seconds—mean while Eelin was struggling with her task and if she was a Newfoundland dog in habit she was a lioness in heart; she would not confess to herself that there was the slightest risk of danger; she gently plied her way—and Lily Neilo was too alarmed to be otherwise than quiescent. The fool Morag let the boat drift. And now, for anyone battling for life—because that is what it had come to—there was an extraordinary vividness in all things visible around. Eort George was outlined against the sea horizon. There was sunlight on the Black Isle and on its yellow clearances. A small steamer making in for the Bauly Firth left a dingy trail of smoke behind it, but it was going away; there was no hope in that direction. And still Wild Eelin strove tD give good heart to her faithful friend and ally. "It's all right, Lil," she managed to say, when the ruffling waves would let her; "it's quite right—we shall be at the boat in a minute —then—then haul yourself in—don't—don't mind me " Id really was in less than a minute thereafter that they reached the boat, but by this time Eelin was wholly exhausted and her companion was nob in much better case. "Catch the gunwale, Lil—catch the gun wale 1" she gasped. " I'm done. Good " It was all of "Good-bye!" that she could utter; the lapping waves came over her mouth ; and when she had done her best to make sure of Lily Neile's safety she fell away and disappeared—the weight of water in her clothes dragging her down. But Lily Neile was not such a fool as Morag. When she had scrambled into the boat she breathlessly put an oar into a rowlock and with one or two rapid strokes shoved the bow round. And when Eelin, in some wild, distracted fashion, came to the surface again, making a final effort to gain a breath of air, well, then, Lily Neile was swift to snatch at the dishevelled blue-black tresses and she held on—and held on—though she herself was about sinking into utter collapse ; . and still Bhe held on until she had got her companion dragged in over the gunwale. Morag's contribution- to the per formance was a continued fit of hysterical weeping—while the wonder of the dawn un folded itself and Fort George shone clear. It was over the stern that Eelin was dragged in and there for a few seconds she lay panting. But only for a few seconds. She pulled herself together. "You see, Lily," she said in disconnected sentences, "this was more than was bargained for. The boat drifted so far. But I've shown you how it is possible to hold up any one in the water; and you.were a brick—you never splashed—and you never clung. Oh, my, isn't it mortal cold 1" She was shivering. ; "Take to your oar, Eelin," said her friend, " and let's get back before the whole town, of Invernish wakes up. The pulling will warm us." And so they set to work; but flow there was no pathetic "Though I leave thee now in sorrow," nor any invitation to go to Altna herry; because both of thenr were quite con scious that they had been within easily measur able distance of secrets of which they did not choose to speak. "Lil dear," said Eelin when she had got well into the swing of her stroke, " it's all very pleasant to say you can hold a drowning person up, but you've got to bargain before hand that the drowning person shall be Lily Neile——" "Oh, no thanks," said Miss Neile through he icieled lips. "I know when I've had enough- *' "But you did it so well 1" her companion protested. "You were just admirable. If you had clung round my neck do you know where we should have been at this minute ? Well, I don:t; but it wouldn't have been in this here boat. Morag," she said again, "why didn't you put the oars in the rowlocks and come a bit nearer us ?" " Oh, I could not do that, Miss Eelin, for fear of striking one of the young ladies," said Morag, who had recovered from her whimper ing, "and it's not me that would be saving myself if I could help—and I wass trying to gain attention from the steamer " " And do you think we could have gone on board any steamer in this state of clothes '" Miss Eelin demanded—indeed, the two young ladies presented a humiliating ^spectacle. But here was tho.cab still \vaiting' for them on the bank of the river; and there were dry clothes for them to change into, while Morag perched herself up on the box. It is needless to suggest that they shut both windows, for the. golden day was now spreading itself abroad and the wavering blue smoke over the, towndeplared that humanity was astir again.' Biit Eelfn said— / ' ", . " Look here; old lass, is it any good our trying to change in this cramped-up place V You'd much, better come straight home with me, and I'll get you something hot .to drink and yon shall have my bed ; and I can have a rug on the sofa.. ■ Bub it was worth doing, mind ; it was worth doing; if ever you're flung into the sea again just keep like that—oh, you're a splendid person to save; it's easy to do ; it with you. Why,, they give exhibitions of people-who can .swim; they ought to give exhibitions of people who know bow to be saved from drowning. And I'd back you— against the world ! You did splash a bit at first, until I yelled to you." "Nothing—nothing," said Lily Neile, who also was shivering in her sodden clothes. "The moment I felt your grip I knew I wa3 safe, and I lay like a lamb and let you do do what you liked." "It's,mercilessly cold, isn't it?" said the one trembling person to the other. "It is a trifle chilly," answered Miss Neile. "But it's no good trying to change, for here we are at the Cathedral, and in another minute you'll see General Mallock smoking his morning pipe outside his garden, and what would he think of us if he got a glimpse of us through the window ? I'll take your offer, old crock, for I'm frightfully tired and cold; but I won't rob you of your bed; you give me a blanket and I'll know what to do. And my folks won't worry, for I warned them I was going off on a skylark with a hideous maniac called Eelin Macdonald, and they'll be pre pared for anything." . .The sun was warm on the oak gate and the gravel drive and the red stone frontage as they drove up.; and as Morag was benumbed and mostly asleep, it was Jane, the parlor maid (in terrible consternation) who had to look after these half-drowned scapegraces; and about the last thing that Wild Eelin saw— after she had wrapped rugs and ulsters over her friend—was Fergus out in the silver shining water, fishing over towards the Devil's Kirn. And for the moment she thought she would give ten years of her life away if only she could throw as beautiful a line as that. 