BREEDING AND FEEDING. Successful dairy breeding and feed- ing is the subject of a letter to " Hoard's Dairyman " (Wisconsin) by Mr. G. A. Roberts, whose cows are stated to average 300lbs. of butter this year. " My stock at present," writes Mr. Roberts, "consists of 1 Jersey bull, 14 milkers and 9 heifers not yet in milk. The bull is a little over 4i years old. Of the 14 milkers, 6 are heifers with first calf, 5 of the 6 being daughters of the above bull. Of the 14 milkers, 1 is a grade Ayr- shire; the others are grade Jerseys. Of the 23 cows and heifers, 17 are descendants of the first cow I owned after buying my farm 17 years ago. This cow was of medium size, had a large storage capacity for fodder, a good shaped head and fair sized udder, a pleasant face and gentle disposition. In short, she was what we would call now a good general purpose cow. Of my 14 milkers, 10 are her descendants. Previous to 1892 I sold my milk and took little Î»ains about breeding, or thought ittle about it, except only to keep only the best heifers. Had I begun early to breed to the best Jersey sires, I am confident I should have more productive cows now. My milkers are all medium size, healthy and happy, because it always seemed to me that the cow of gentle dis- position, well cared for, is an emblem of contentment. In the autumn I feed second crop clover, maize crops from the' canning- factory; maize fodder and green barley. The latter is sown early in autumn on ground from which a crop of hay br grain has been taken, and is cut and fed daily the last part of autumn and the first part of winter. Throughout the winter I fed hay and ensilage, My idea is to have some kind of suc- culent food the year round. It goes a great way in keeping the animal in health, and without good health a cow is comparatively useless. GREAT HAUJC OP " GLASGOW MAGIS- TRATES.-It is stated that 10,000 tons of Glasgow magistrates were taken out of Loch Fyne last year. This is a startling statement (says a London contemporary), especially as Glasgow bailies are generally supposed to be Blue Ribbonites, of which even Mrs. Ormiston Chant can approve. But " a Glasgow magistrate ' is not neces- sarily a bailie ; in fact, he is other- wise known as a Loch Fyne herring, and why a Loch Fyne herring should be dubbed a Glasgow magistrate our revered friend, Bailie Nicol Jarvie's ghost can explain. One of the interesting statistical facts relating to 1807 is that in that year no less than 207,415 cwt. of " Glasgow magis- trates " were netted in Loch Fyne against only 64,422 cwt. in 1896. Practically all that big haul was in the last six months, and it was so big a haul that the weight of it burst many nets, to the sulphurous impregnation of the atmosphere in the neighbourhood of the boats. The language of fishermen-even of Scotch fishermen-at such times is apt to bo frequent and free. Those who have never seen a herring fleet at work can have little knowledge of what a reserve of hardy mariners there'is in this country after all. A MODEL PARSON.-Some extra- ordinary ' revelations. were made recently during the examination in bankruptcy of the Rev. Gavin Hamil- ton Samson, clerk in holy orders, late of Southlands, Kent, at New Romney. The debtor, who attributed his failure to the loss of an action for selling stocks of bees which wore diseased, admitted that the present Archbishop of Canterbury had inhibited him from taking duty for an indefinite period in consequence of misconduct. He further confessed that his wife wrote his sermons for him, and that he manifolded them, and disposed of them to clergymen in various parts of England and in the colonies. From this source he derived an income of between £30 and £40 a year. The bankrupt also admitted that he had attended race meetings, including the Derby, and that he had lost money by backing horses with a professional book- maker. Ono of the creditors com- plained of the debtor's extravagance in ordering a dress suit lined with satin at a cost of £7 7s, but the debtor replied, " A man in my position must have a dress suit I " 