HEftL CHOSTkSTORIES. , There are, of course, a variety of opinions with regard to the merits of Mr T. W. Stead as a literary man. Some think that he has more than the ordinary amount of brains served out to any individual man. Others hold that there is a crank, m the machinery, and that, as the old* Scottish engineer of a mercantile steamer once remarked of a man-of-war officer^ he knows such a deuce Of a lot that he doesn't exactly know what he does know. But of the fact that he is an enterprising journalist with a knack Of hitting off the public taste at the right moment few have any doubt whatever. If he be "mad," as some critics have said, he is, as Hamlet says of himself, only "mad nor'-nor"- wejt," and when the wind is-southerly he "knows a hawk from a hernsbaw." For example, it will be in the recollection of our readers that in the "Review of Reviews" of 1S91-2, he took up the text "There are more things between heaven and earth than are dreamed of id your philosophy," and preached thereon right eloquently. Some portions of the sermon have been collected, and are now Issued under the title of "Real Ghost Stories" <Bell's Colonial Library, George Robertson and Co.) The author candidly admits that "it is an offence to some to take a ghost too seriously," and he also advises that the narratives had better not be read by any one of tender years, of morbid excitability, or of excessively nervous temperament. Well, we have read them in globo, and hold the humble opinion that the average man or woman might follow our example with impunity. For example, we have the following description of a' haunted house In the country:— "Some years ago I one day met a lady with whom I was slightly acquainted, who told me that she was on the eve of making a change of residence. She added that her husband had taken a three years' lease of a house in road, and when she described the costly improvements which were being carried on in order to make the abode luxuriously habitable, I remarked that tlie alterations were more in keeping with a long rather than ft short lease. My surprise, therefore, was great, when a few months later I heard that tlie family, whom I will here call the SmvUies, had removed not only from the house in question, but from the vicinity altogether. About four years later we removed to a house in the same road—No. 5, the house formerly occupied by the Smytlies, being then a vtry dismal-looking residence. The hinges of its heavy gate were coated with rust, the front garden and approach covered with wild growth, while the massive portico and sills wore a hopelessly blackened complexion, and I again wondered why the Smythes had removed so suddenly. About this time I received a visit from a lady whose acquaintance I- had made a month or two previous, tuid she began at once »to discourse on the merits of the houses composing our road, 'l always liked the terrace,' she said, 'and -you may judge we must have been terribly unnerved to leave No. S -as we did.' I started, and looked astonished. 'Did you not know," she continued, 'that we lived for nearly a year at No. S? We took an expiring lease of the house from a Sir Smythe. The Camily had only been in it a few months when they left very hurriedly, although no expense had been spared in the way of improvements to tbe house Itself. Every one was surprised; but Mr Smythe told me that his "wife was • suffering from great nervous depression, and the doctor had ordered her immediate removal at any cost;"' and, she added, 'After we had been in the house a little time I ceased to wonder at her nervous deprssśion, or the sudden removal of the family; for the probable cause developed all too speedily in our own daily lives.' She went on to say, 'I am not at all s^ierstitious, but it is a fact that long before we were settled in our new abode evfery one became conscious of an eerie, uncanny feeling pervading the house and seeming almost atmospheric.' My friend then entered very fully into gruesome detail. She said that apart from the sense of the ghostly depression of which she -had spoken, nothing was seen or heard for two or three weeks before their arrival. "When one evening, while sitting in the dining-room with her husband, - an Australian captain, they were suddenly startled by a loud knocking in the fireside recess; a few minutes later the knocking was "repeated in the recess on the other side, and after a time was repeated also in recesses in the back room. My friend, whom T will here call Mrs A., immediately sent to the adjoining house to know if any one was knocking for aid, but the answer returned was that Mr and Mrs were in the dining-room, the former being confined to the couch by indisposition. On several occasions a peremptory knocking at the dining-room door was heard, but when, on more than one occasion, the door was quickly opened from the inside, no one was. visible. One evening, soon after tire captain's departure for Australia, Mrs A. was sitting alone in the breakfast-room, this room being in ithe basement; no one else was in the house, for the children were at a'juvenile gathering in the neighborhood, and the servant had gone to bring them home. . My friend was busily engrossed in writing, when suddenly she was startled by the tread of slippered feet across the dining-room floor, and she also distinctly heard a leather chair moved some distance along the ground, and she at once concluded that thieves were in the house. "A dog which lay on the rug also heard the sounds, for he pricked up his ears and barked. Wtliout a moment's delay she flew to the door, calling the dog to follow her, intending as she did so to open tiie hall door and call for assistance; but the. dog, though an "excellent house dog, crouched at her. feet and whined, but wpuld not follow her up the stairs, so sSe carried him up in her arms, and, reaching the :door called -Tor assistance; -when, -however, the dining room doors were opened the rooms were •In-perfect order and destitute of any signs of life. The servant told her afterwards that, as she sat in the kitchen, she: repeatedly heard footsteps overhead at times when she knew the rooms were perfectly empty. "After the" family had been in the house u few .weeks, a white rabbit made its-appearance. This uncanny animal would suddenly appear in a room in which . members of the family were seated, and after gliding rouiid and slipping under chairs and bibles, would disappear .through a brick wall as easily as through an open door. Mrs A. then related another Incident which had evidently made-a profound impression on her.. - She said that as the cap tain wasso seldom at home, and the house, was very large, she was solicitous that the children should, if possible, be kept .in ha^py. Ignorance of. their weird sur: roundings. . -"-Ghostly possibilities were never alluded toIn their presence; she was. therefcfhe: horrified one evening, when sitting m the dinlng-room in company with her young daughter—a child of nine years— at Seeing her suddenly spring to her feet from her seat-<on:-the rug. and exclaim. Kamnia, look at that boy creeping round -the wall!' The mother-looked In the direction to which hfer hand pointed. but .saw. nothings -iSbc then endeavored to -divert the child® -attcntlon, assuring'her that Jt was only Jier nervous fancy .Shfe TiarHaHy sueccededj-altbough the little one seemed much agitated. A few minutes after, however, she sprang to her mother's side the second time, again exclaiming, 'There is that boy again! Look, mamma, he has slipped under the table.' She -was greatly terrified, and begged to be taken from the room." The real ghost in this episode remains unseen, but the white rabbit remains, and finally drives the inmates from the house. Of such ghosts, even Alice in Wonderland would have but little fear. 