Broad Arrow Goldfields Hospitals. We have seen several acts of the Government that we considered im- politic, unwise, and unfair, but such a dastardly piece of inhumanity as the closing of the local hospitals when there is such a pressing need for their being kept open, is almost beyond be- lief as being perpetrated in a civilised community. When we hear strong admirers of Sir John Forrest turning round and saying that we are being "treated like a lot of dogs," the Ministry may gather some idea of the dis- repute into which their action is bring- ing them. It will have the effect of consolidating the Goldfields party, and making them stick to the lead of Mr. Vosper to a man. It may not be generally known that the Forrest party have always had a fairly strong following in Broad Arrow, as shown by the support accorded to Mr. Jen- kins, but with the closing of our hos- pital the last vestige of it will pro- bably disappear. For the present, nine-tenths of the population, if they become sick, must be content to suffer and die in their tents like dogs in their kennels. A few such deaths will haunt Sir John Forrest during the remainder of his parliamentary career as no ghost ever did. The position is briefly this : With a population of over 3000, there are probably not more than 100 respectable women in the district. Even these have no convenience for taking in the sick. The people as a rule live in tents, and are particularly susceptible of pneumonia. Through the congregating of large numbers of men without efficient sanitary pro- visions, typhoid fever is a certain accompaniment. In many cases re- moval to Kalgoorlie or Coolgardie would be certain death. These things make a local hospital an absolute necessity. We had such a hospital, well managed, and with the usual £ for £ subsidy, in a fair financial condition. The local income was chiefly from 1s. per week subscriptions or 52s. per year per man, entitling the subscriber to a bed in the hospital if required, for himself only, after he had contributed £1 1s. These subscrip- tions amounted from £500 to £600 per year. Because the subscriber might get some personal benefit out of it, the Government refuse to subsidise this amount. Consequently the hos- pital is to be closed at the end of the month. Any Government not nursed in the officialdom of selfish ignorance, and inhumanity of a convict settle- ment would seek to encourage the amount of self-reliance shown by the people of these fields, and would have sufficient regard for the well-being of the people to see that such an ab- solutely necessary provision for the unfortunate was kept open. 