MONSTROUS CRUELTY TO CHILDREN. HUMANITY'S WAIFS AND STRAYS Starved and Neglected. SCANDALOUS CASE AT THE GLEBE. Children oF Tender Years Rummaging for Food in Dirt Boxes. State Children entrusted to the fostering care of a Female Ghoul, who Failed to feed them adequate- ly—But she sent them to Sunday School And Taught them the Bible. The case reported fully below will surely come as a terrible shock to the philanthropic- minded of the community. It furnishes a horrible commentary on our civilisation. A perusal of the evidence disclosed therein Will CAUSE A SHUDDER to go through every man and woman in the community who yet retains the slightest tinge of decency. It is no new thing in the history of this female ghoul. For years past it has been a constant custom on her part to gather in unfortunate waifs and strays of humanity. Under pretence of making provision for them she used to make pitiful appeals to the charitable, and it is extraordiaary the amount of money and food which was obtained in this way. And even up to the hearing of the case there were many people in the Giebe who believed in her, and were ready to support her. They were ready to assist her because they THOUGHT HER CHARITABLE. There is no evidence that this woman ever inflicted severe corporal punishment on the children— even thu evidence of her un- fortunate victims did not disclose this— but that greatest cruelty to which children can be subjected, filthy lodgings ans in- sufficient food, was their daily por- tion. It is to the credit of Mr W R Eury that he has rooted out this woman and prevented her from ever again carrying on her nefarious work. TRUTH is certain that this case is only one of dozens, if not scores, of similar ones in Sydney and the suburbs, and it calls on the State Children's Relief Department to at once wake from its lethargy aud unearth them. Surely all its officers can be as energetic as Mr Eury. What matter if the department does not wish to be bothered with court proceedings. Let Truth remind these officers, from Mr Sydney Maxted down, that their duty is to protect the unfortunate children unhappily left without parental control. Their duty is to see that they are not sacrificed, as were the poor little unfortunates whose troubles furnished the case of the proceedings detailed below. Just think of it! Unfor- tunate children of tender years, who needed unremitting care and attention, forced to RUNNAGE AMONG DIRT BOXES for scraps of food! When they came across a piece of plum-pudding, covered with dirt and slime, and impregnated with the foul germs of disease, they esteemed it a prize and greedily devoured it. TRUTH is not in the least influenced by the idea that this woman is the victim of a philanthropic mania. The reasons for this belief it will give later on. In the meantime it promises its readers a sensation in connection with the treatment of unfortunate children, which will startle Sydney to its very heart. This paper is now busy verifying certain state- ments which have been made to it. and which disclose a most callous and heart- rending, if not criminal state of things. And now we direct the attention of TRUTH readers to the case of EURY V. SUGGATE. The case was heard at Glebe Police Court on Tuesday last before Mr Addison, S M. Mr G W Wilshire, of the Crown Law Department, appeared for the prosecutor, Mr W R Eury, an Inspector of the State Children's Relief Department, and Mr F B Wilkinson appeared for the accused, who pleaded not guilty. The information complained that between the 1st April and the 19th July accused had neglected to provide proper food and clothing to four children, viz., Frank Woods, Harry Woods, Roy Cramp, and Mary Kelly, en- trusted to her care. The information was laid under the 5th section of tbe Chiidren's Protection Act. MR. EURY SPEAKS. Mr W R Eury, who described himself as an Inspector of the State Children's Relief De- partment and an officer under the Children's Protection Act, deposed the information was laid by him. He visited the house of accused on 12th July. It was situated at 110 Mitchell- street, Glebe. The defendant was present. She then had Mary Kelly and Roy tramp in her care, The Woods brothers had been removed some days previously. The house was in a very dirty, in fact filthy, state. Roy Cramp was about two years of age and Mary Kelly was seven years of age. Cramp was in a very filthy condition, as also was Mary Kelly. The latter's head was full of vermin. He examined the lodgings thoroughly. In one bedroom there was a bed on which was a paliasse but no bed clothes, Upstairs there were a large double bed and two cots. Defendant was present and explained where the children slept. On the cot in which Mary Kelly slept there were two shreds of blankets. Roy Cramp's bed was fairly comfortable and had a blanket on i. On defendant's bed there was no blanket but in lieu there was a piece of thin bagging on which rags were sewn. In a back bedroom there were two old beds on which were two very old palliasses. There were no bed clothes and the only covering of any sort was an old red skirt. The kitchen was very dirty and untidy, as was also the yard. There was no food in the house at this time. The premises were utterly unfit for children to live in, being filthy and unwholesome. On July I3, he obtained a warrant to search and take possession of the children. On July 14, he again visited the honse, this time with Sergeant Gibbons. The house was a little cleaner on this occasion, but not much. There was food in the house this time. It comprised a loaf and a-half of bread, 1/4 lb of butter, and about 1/4 lb of scraggy beef. In the back yard there were a lot of bed- clothes in a washtub. From something he heard he went to see the Woods boys who were now living with their grandmother at Paddington. Harry, 10 years of age, was fairly well, but Frank, 7 years of age, was very delicate. He (witness) had him sent to Dr Binnie who recommended him for admission to Sydney Hospital. This lad was present at the court, but had to go back to the hospital when the court rose. Came back to accused's and found the children's mother had taken possession of them except in the case of Mary Kelly. He took charge of Mary Kelly and gave her in care of an attendant from the State Children's De partment. Could not say that they were underfed, but they were very dirty, un- kempt and uncared for. THE NEXT WITNESS Called was Frank Woods a child of seven years of age. Anything more pitiable than the light this child presented cannot be imagined. As he was carried in by his grandmother, wrapped in a shawl, a shiver of horror ran through the spectators in court. He looked more like an infant of two years old than a child of seven, and inquiries elicited the fact that HE WEIGHED ONLY 33 lbs. Such a weight tells Its own tale, and most graphically depicts the hideous privations through which the unfortunate child has been. Yet he was bright and intelligent, and as he stood on a chair, supported by his grandmother, answered the questions put , to him sharply and shrewdly. He stated that the only food he got, when living with Miss Suggate, was porridge for breakfast, sometimes with sugar, but never with milk. For dinner they got rice without milk or sugar, and for tea they got dry bread. Sometimes, but not often, they got bread and butter. THEY WERE NEARLY ALWAYS HUNGRY They did not even get their porridge, rice and dry bread every day. He slept in the back room and was very cold at night, he only had a skirt and a piece of blanket over him. He was not frightened of Miss Suggate. THE GRANDMOTHER SPEAKS: Ellen Allen, a married woman living with her husband at 4 Gordon-street, Paddington, deposed she was the grandmother of the Woods boys. Owing to something she had heard she went to accused's place and took away the two children. The younger boy, Frank, was very bad, and she had to sit up for two nights with him. This was tbe lad who had since gone to the hospital. They were very thin when she took charge of them, and upon food being placed before them they ate ravenously. ANOTHER VICTIM. Harry Woods, a bright, intelligent lad of ten years of age, was next called. On taking his stand Mr Addison remarked, 'Why, he looks the picture of health!' 'Yes,' replied Mr Wilshire, 'but we've had charge of him for some time.' This witness deposed that prior to going to his grandmother's he bad lived with Miss Suggate for nearly five years. Asked if he had a good time with her, he replied he had had a good time working. What work did he do? Why, scrubbing floors, sweeping out tbe rooms and emptying tbe slops. They kept no servant, and he was the housemaid. They were not very well fed. He described the bill of fare in the same terms as his younger brother, but added to it a delicacy in the shape of BREAD AND DRIPPING. They used to get beaten when they were naughty, They were often very hungry. The people living near them sometimes gave them food. When they did they had to hide it or Miss Suggate would take it away from them. At other times they used to RUMMAGE IN DIRT BOXES, and when they came across bread, or toast, or plum pudding they would eat it. Plum Pudding was a great prize to find. He described the sleeping accommodation in terms similar to what the last witness did. In the winter they were only half warm, and in summer fleas and other vermin used to bite them. She made all the children work, even little Frank. 'And do you get plenty to eat now ?' asked Mr Wilshire. 'Oh, yes,' was the response, 'bread and butter and milk and everything, and shoulder of mutton on Sundays.' 'And lollies ?' queried the magistrate. ' Yes, and pennies and ha'pennies, too!' A PRETTY LITTLE GIRL. Mary Kelly, a very pretty and attractive- looking girl of 7 years or age, deposed that she knew Miss Suggate, and had been living with her for some time. She knew the Woods boys. This child's evidence was here interrupted by the accused bursting into a fit of weeping. The little witness was much upset by this, aud joined in. Hence her evidence was dis continued. MEDICAL EVIDENCE. Dr E H Binnie, a duly qualified medical practitioner, deposed that Frank Woods had been brought to him for examination. He saw him at the Government depot on July 15th. He was weak and delicate and had symptoms of being of a consumptive ten- dency. The food he had been accustomed to receive would have a tendency to produce disease. The child was distinctly under sized ; his weight should be 4st instead of the 33 lbs he now weighed. Porridge and rice, without milk and sugar, is not good food for children. WHAT THE NEIGHBORS SAW. William Spenceley, bootmaker, residing at 108 Mitchell-street, and next door to Miss Suggate, deposed that he had observed the treatment given by Miss Suggate to the children she had adopted. His wife had frequently given them food. They always seemed hungry ; he had heard them crying for food at niue o'clock at night. One night they were crying and he called a constable's attention to them. The constable made an entrance to the house by getting from his (witness's) balcony on to the balcony of Miss Suggate's house. She was away. The constable found one child asleep in its clothes on the floor, and Mary Kelly leaning against a bed crying piteously. Two of the boys had been locked out in the yard, and were crying there and asking for food. Miss Suggate was away. She frequently went away, locking the children in the house alone. When the policeman asked if they wanted food, they said, ' Yes,' but added, 'they would be thrashed if they took any.' He had known them ASK FOR WASTE BREAD which was lying in witness' yard. He cer- tainly thought Miss Suggate was not a proper woman to have charge of children. He had seen Mary Kelly and Harry Woods trying to clean the bouse. Had asked his wife to speak to Miss Suggate as to the way the children were being treated. SHE FED THEM OFTEN. Hannah Spenceley, wife of last witness, gave corroborative evidence, She had re- peatedly fed the children. They were never clean, though she had frequently seen the children trying to wash themselves. Miss Suggate, kept no servant ; she seemed to be in poor circumstances. DIVINELY INSPIRED. Joseph Woodhouse, a clergyman of the Wesleyan Church, deposed he had lived at the Glebe for some two years. He knew Miss Suggate, and he didn't know that she had any visible means of support. She was con- stantly begging, He was convinced she was not a propper woman to have control of children. She seemed to live under the de lusion that she was divinely blessed with a philanthropic mission. Constable Ewing also gave evidence. It was he who entered Miss Suggate's house, as detailed by witness Spencely. He cor roborated the evidence of that witness, Mr Addison said if the information had been laid under an indictable section of the Act, he certainly would have committed the accused for trial. Mr Wilshire said the Crown would with draw three of the charges, and only pressed for a moderate penalty on the fourth. The aim of the prosecution was to show the people of the Glebe how this woman had imposed on them. It was astonishing how many people believed In her. Mr Addison asked would the accused give an assurance that she would not carry on the system any longer. Mr Wilkinson, replying on her behalf, said she would. The Bench thereupon fined her 40s in tbe case of Frank Woods, and on application being made for time to pay, a fortnight was allowed her. ANOTHER HORRIBLE OUTRAGE. But there Is another matter in connection with this case, so gross and horrible, and which shows such an utter disregard of life, that TRUTH feels impelled to call on the City Coroner to look into the matter when he has considered the statements set forth below. Among the children who were uuder the care of this Miss Suggate was one Willie Thomas. The unfortunate child was for a long time in an exceedingly bad state of health. The stories told of his sufferings by his unfortunate little companions, are pitiful in the extreme. The ailment was such as to cause a periodical exposure of the smaller bowel, and the particulars are such as to preclude publication of all its attendant horrible symptoms. Suffice it to say that when ill and suffering, neceessi tating constant and vigilant care, and the best medical attention, this female ghoul made no attempt to seek either. At least not for some time, till one day when she pre sented it at the Ohildren's Hospital, Glebe. The doctor who attended it says it then appeared to be IN A DYING STATE Still instead of admitting it to the hospital, the doctor merely prescribed, and allowed the woman to take it back to her filthy house and abominable surroundings. Just imagine a dying child amid the terrible dirt and destitution which, as the evidence published above proves, abounded in that squalid home, Home! Great God! Next day THE CHILD DIED and this woman Suggate applied to the doctor who had attended it the previous evening, for a certificate, This he very properly refused to give, telling the woman to find the child's mother. Some days elapsed, when Suggate again presented herself at the hospital, and after telling the doctor she was unable to find the child's mother, that gentleman, for what reason, or upon what grounds heaven only knows, this time granted the certificate., Then she visited tbe police, and next day the poor little victim of inhumanity was boxed in a pauper coffin and buried in a pauper grave. 'It was buried by the Governor,' said one of his un fortunate child companions to Truth's representative. GROUND FOR ACTION. Surely, in these facts, plainly stated as they are, and without the slightest attempt to in any way exaggerate their hideous features, there exists ample reason for the city coroner to take action. And Truth demands that he does so, and that without delay. If he does not, then Truth will be forced to move in another place to have the whole case ; re viewed— proceeding which this paper avers will have consequences the reverse of plea sant for that gentleman. ANOTHER FEATURE. There is another feature of this terribly distressing case upon which some light should be shed. We have an expensive de partment for the Protection and Relief of State Children, the presiding genius of which is one Mr Sydney Maxted. The whole of these facts were known to the Department. They were brought before the Department, and hence, presumably, before Mr Maxted by one of its officers, and yet no action was taken. WHY ? This is a question that must be answered. It is a scandalous farce that an expensive Department should be kept up for the ex press purpose of protecting unfortunate children, when it discharges its duties with such criminal apathy. IT IS RUMORED That the Department does not wish to be worried ; that it has no desire to prosecute callous and cruelly self-constituted guardians because such would put them to a little trouble and inconvenience. It is further rumored that officers of the Department who desire to carry out their duties honestly and thoroughly, and so not receive money from the State under false pretences, have to fight for their skins. In other words, threats of dismissal have been hurled at them for daring to be true to themselves and to the duties of their office. It is possible Truth will yet have a lot to say on the matter of this Maxted-messed Department. Mean time the Public 'Sack' Board, if not too busy bestowing good and bad marks upon the rank and file of the unfortunate Civil Servants, might inquire into the administra tion of this Department - whlch Truth is convinced is in a scandalous state— if perchance their superfine scented noses are not too delicate for tho stench arising from the bodies of the slaughtered infants. 