Two Little Rooms in Holyrood Palace. By Marton Harland, in "Harper's Bazar." The "supping-room" of Mary Stuart in Holyrood Palace is the smallest of the royal suite. It is a mere closet, and now bare and depressing to a degree utterly Incom- patlble with our ideas of tolerable comfort, until we remind ourselves that the stone walls were once -masked by richly-wrought hangings, and the cold floors softened by carpets brought or imported by Mary into rugged Scotland fiom her beloved France. A small door opens into a closet used for storing wines, and other accojnpanimnnU of the petits soupers which the queen was fond of giving to her intimates. The en trance to the aupplpg»room is "frv/ni her bed-chamber. The walls of this are etill hung with tapestries selected by her—a faded confusion of knigbts In armour and plunging horses. The canopied bed, covered with a tattered silk coverlet, was also hers. Over the mantel is a half-leugth portrait of Queen Elizabeth. We hope mercifully that it was not here In her hapless rival's time. The tapestry la looped away from tho door of the supping-roora, and from another and smaller door close beside it, raised by a Bingle step from the floor. This leads to the winding stcne* stairs connecting the Queen's bedchamber with Darnley's. The little door is kept locked. Darnley had the key, and his alono was the right to use it on Saturday night, the 9th of March. 1566. when Queen Mary had bidden a few friends to supper. How few, we comprehend, as we survey the tiny withdrawing-room. Her half-sister, the Countess of Argyll, two ladles-in-waUlng, a couple of gentlemen of the court, a page who held the candles, and her Italian secretary., David Rlzzlo, must have crowded the closet to discomfort whim the table a.nd chairs were in place. When Darnloy—otherwise King Henry, and husband of the queen—who, like Saul, was higher than any of the people from his .shoulders and upward, stooped to.clear ihe lintel of the low doorway, and showed to the party his handsome face, flushed with wine, nobody was surprised. As he seated himself upon thn elbow of his wife's chair, and put his arm abc\it her waist, the fairest face in all Scotland was lifted smilingly expectant to his. The change of position showed to Mary what she at. the first glance mistook for the ghost of Lord Ruth-' yen In full armour filling up the door beh'nd her. He had arisen from a sick-bed to !ead the conspirators. We all know the story, better perhaps than any other in the records of a land whose history is a continuous romance. Rizzio, torn from his frantic clinging to the Bkirts of his royal employer, was dragged through the bedroom and through the larger audlence-iroom beyond, there despatched by flfty-alx dagger-thrusts, then kicked like a dead dog down the palace stairs into the court below. In an affidavit prepared by Ruthven he " takes God to record that the said Darje received never a stroke in her Majesty* presence, nor was nv>t stricken till he w«a at the farthest door of her Majesty's utter chamber." His insistence upon this -evi dence of respectful forbearance in the royal presence may be a cruel refinement of punctilio ; but, if it be true, it disposes thoroughly of the historic blood-stains upon the floor of the little Inner room, whjch even Sir Walter Scott was disposed to N believe genuine, and which the conscientious an nalist Robert Chambers dues not gainsay. We look vainly for them to-day, ana openly avow our disappointment. The hoary cus todian declares boldJy that he " got tired of renewing" the brown blotches. " The floor was relaid two hundred and more years ago," he cays. " Yet I found the stains hero when I came, and when they wore out, visitors insisted upon seeing them. So"—with a shrug that ia more French than Scottish—" what was I to dt> ?" *• The first shock of disillusionment over, Imagination rallies to contemplate the actual features of tho tragedy. Queries which no man living can answer, and touching which contemporary records are mute, press to our lips. Did Mary sleep In her own bed that night ? Was the Sunday morning In terview with her weak and vicious boy husband, and that terminated in their re conciliation, held in the bedroom or the audience-chamber beyond ? By what wilei did he induce her to forego the purpose expressed in the impassioned outbreak that met his first words of penitence ? —" You have done me such a wrong that neither the recollection of our early friend ship nor all the hope you can give me of the future can ever make me forget it." Darnley " thankfully received" her half brolhf r Murray on that Sabbath evening, and Mary would not suffer her kinsman to sup Kith Morton, as had been planned, but kept him with her all the evening. She " em braced and kissed him, alleging that in case he had been at home he would not lwtye •suffered h«r to have been so incourteou&iy; bandied." # Did the three—Dernley, Murray, and Mur ray's eister—whose talk " so moved him that the tears fell from his eyne," sup amicably and not uncheerfully in this room that Sunday night ? • - On Monday " her Majesty took the King' by on« hand and the Earl of Murray by <tb« otter, and walked in her utter chamber" —4.0., the audience chamber, upon the threshold of which Riz&lo;'s blood was hardly dry—" the space of an hour." \- What did th«y talk 'of while pacing the floor over which the shrieking favourite woo dragged by his murderers forty-eight hours before ? History never baa cleared up the "muddle," and never will. Her child—James I. of England and VI. oZ Scotland —was torn on the 19th of J«d<? of that same year, in another little room no ' larger than the supping closet of Holyrcod, but in the stronger Castle of Edinburgh. The walla are panelled with oak blackened by age. The Initials "M. R." and "I. R." are wrought Into the carving of the ceiling. A shlold upoft tho wall above tho fireplace bears the inscription— "19 JVNII, 1566" Above the only spot in the room- where the bed could have stood, the royal arni9 are Emblazoned, and beneath Is what pur ports to be " the young mother's prayer of -thanksgiving on that auspicious occasion," in black letter : " Lord Jesu Christ, that crownlt was with Thome, Preserve the Birth quhais Babyle heir is borne, And sent Hlr Sonee succesalone to Relgno ' - still Lang in this Realme, if that it be Thy will. Alb grant, O Lord, qubat ever of Hlr proceed Be to Thy Olorie, Honor, and Prais, Bobeld." .The spacious apartment adjoining the wee Inner room was tapestried for Mary's use with " cloth of gold and brocaded taffeta. The floors were covered with Turkish rugs ; the tables were of massive oak, elaborately carved ; the chairs were covered with gilded leather, and had cushions of brocade and damask." We hearken indifferently to tlie catalogue, and turn back to our little room. Mary entered Edinburgh Castle, by the advice of her Privy Council, on tho 3rd April, and, as was the royal etiquette in such circum stances, took to her chamber on the 3rd June. From the single window of this she •looked down upon her capital city, that had already begun to distrust her. Beyond the housetops towered the broad bulk of Arthur's Beat, seen at a greater distance than from Holyrood, but In the perspective looking yet more like a couchant lion watchful of Scotland's honour and Scotland's religion. She must also have hated the eight of it during that weary fortnight of waiting. The room 1b irregular in shape, and leßs than Bft. square. The bed must have been a mere cot, and if others besides Mary Beaton—now Lady Boyne—and the court physician were present, there could not have been left space for more furniture than the quaint armchair, still standing against the wainscot, and which, we are told, was here then; Yet tall Darnley was accompanied by at least one friend when he visited his wife at 2 o'clock of the same day, the prince having been born between 9 and 10 in the morning. Mary, with her own hand, drew aside the coverings from the baby's fad " My lord," she said, solemnly, " God has fclvea us a son." She would have been more than woman if, In the weakness of the hour, she had not Inferred to the risk she and the heir to the crown had run on that awful Saturday night, i£wo months agone. " Sweet madam," pleaded the father (him self not yet one-and-twenty), " is thlß the promise that you made that you would ior get and forgive all ?" "I have forgiven - all," said the queen. " I never will forget." Darn ley fidgeted uneasily. ".Madam, these things are post." v ••Then," was the answer, " let them go." The record of this interview is the only glimpse we have of anything that passed in the strait birth- chamber in the after part of that day. Before the visitor enters the castle his at tention ia directed to a section of com paratively new masonry In the outer wall, in ominous juxtaposition to the board lettered " Queen Mary's Apartments." The etory told and believed by guides and towns people, and set down without comment in guide-books to Edinburgh Castle, is that in 1830 workmen engaged in repainting the masotiry noticed that the wall sounded hollow at that spot, and removed several stones to get at the cavity. They found behind them, in " a recess measuring about 2ft. 6in. by lft.," the skeleton of a male infant in an oak coffin, " evidently* of great antiquity and much decayed." I copy the rest of the rscord :— " The remains were wrapped in a cloth, believed to be' woollen, very thick, and aomewhat resembling leather, and withhi this the remains of a richly embroidered silk covering. Two initiate were wrought upon it, and one of them, an I, was distinctly visible. By order of ' Major-General Thackery, then commanding the Royal En gineers, tho crumbling relic of humanity was again restored to Its peculiar resting place, and the aperture closed up." Wo discuss In guarded tones the incident that may have been an event, whi'.e we stand in the deeply embrasured window of the little room, the black-letter inscription which Mary did not indite before us. Then we pass, treading lightly, as might befit the bearers of a momentous State secret, into the larger apartment for a critical in epectlon of the unpleasing visage of James Firßt of England and Sixth of Scotland— " The eon who, I hopo, shall first unite the two kingdoms of Scotland and England," said Mary to an English gentleman who ac •companled Darnley upon the visit alluded to Just now. The peace of both kingdoms and the per petuity of Scottish national existence de pended upon the breath of the infant whose birth was-preceded by such stress of battle, murder, and sudden death as might well have cost mother and child their lives. " His father, near akin to both Mary and Elizabeth, was " a comely prince, of a fair and large stature of body, pleasant in countenance, affable to all men, well exer cioed In martial pastimes upon horseback an any prince of that age, but was so facile he could conceal no secret," writes one historian. Another :" He was of a comely stature, and none was like un\p him within this*, island . . . prompt and ready for all games and Bports." Still another, that he was " accomplished In all excellent en dowments, both of body and of mind." The personal and mental charms of Mary Stuart need no recapitulation. No other woman known to history, Cleopatra not ex cepted, ever exercised such magic sway over whomsoever she willed to captivate. Her best authenticated portrait, taken when she was Dauphine of France, is upon the same wall and in a line with that of " James VI.. son of Queen Mary and Lord Henry Darnley." We look from the pictured face of tho beautiful woman to that of the homely, boorish successor of two famous queens, recalling that he was also gawky in car riage, plabeian in taste, and so cowardly that he padded his doublet for fear of the assas sin's knife, and loathed the sight of warlike weapons, and account this, the offspring of royal parents, a freak of heredity. With a sort of passionate curiosity that burns within us like a fever, we query again, and always vainly, what never-to-be-revealed Bcenes went on in that little room on the 18th day of June, 1566, when latoly-wedded Mary Deaton kept guard over t"ho exhausted mother and the Prince who was to unite tho kingdoms of Scotland and of England. The Wellington correspondent of the " Sydney Dally Telegraph," speaking of the advance of woman, says :—" There la ■a flutter In the dovecot of tho Parliament ary Frees Gallery. Hitherto this holy of holies has been sanctified to the mere man, but now, ' mlrablle dlctu,' a woman has appeared at the door, clamouring for Admittance, and the majority of the mere men have met in solemn conclave and de cided to bar her entrance. This may Bound strange in a free and enlightened country that has not only given the fran chise to women, but allows them to enter the learned professions of law and medi cine on equal terms with. men. As a mat ter of fact, the lady in'questlon le an M.A. and a barrister, and one of the leading journals is desirous of obtaining her s«r viceo ao Kb special Parliamentary cor respondent. So far no valid- or logical reaoon for her exclusion from the gallery hao been given, and the nrajcrily <:bo are opposing her rlghtß are comjng in for much chaff and some good a'.l-round criticism. Ao one a^ribo remarks, if they are afraid of a woman coming into thoir gallery, it ie time a woman did." 