THE DEAD EMPRESS. ? DER LIFE AND CHARACTER [BY "MILANO" IN THE ARGUS.] It is not surprising to learn that the Empress Elizabeth of Austria was travelling incognito at the time of her assassination. Court life and ceremonies had no charms for her. She much preferred the fresh pure air of the fields and country life to society and state functions. It is well known that the etiquette of the court of Austria is the most strict and unbending in Europe. This particular trait in her character caused a good deal of discontent in court circles, and on her unhappy husband devolved the whole burden of court duties. I have often seen her wandering about the boundary Alps of Italy and Switzerland, on the Lake of Como, especially in Tro mezzanine, opposite Bcllagio, a favourite spot of hers. She often visited the Villa Carlotta, famed for the statues by Canova which it contains. This villa was formerly the property of General Count Sommariva, and how belongs to the Prince of Saxe Coburg Meiningen, a cousin of the Empress. She would walk for hours on the summits of the surrounding mountains, gathering bunches of wild violets and strawberries. She was certainly one of the most beautiful women, if not the most beautiful one, in Europe. She had a queenly carriage, and her shoulders, feet, and hands were superb, the latter, of which she was very proud, being a special care to her. No one had more exquisite taste in dress. Of becoming stout she had quite a horror, so much so that she had herself weighed every morning. Her waist was of the slenderest, and her figure three years and a half ago, when I lost saw her, was that of a girl of 18. When on incognito excursions she would be generally dressed in sombre colours, closely veiled, and all that could be seen of her attractive beauty would be' her masses' of lovely hair, the nape of a statuesque neck, gleaming eyes behind her veil, and shapely feet and ankles. Her romantic nature often inspired her to wander over the favourite haunts of her sister Caroline, the exiled ex Queen of Naples, through Posillipo, Capodi motto, and Portico, and she has been known to walk the whole way from Naples to Pompeii. Like any ordinary individual, she would drop into cases such as the Gambrinus, in Naples, opposite the Royal Palaces here she would order some simple fare. Horse riding was a mania with her, and her feats on the hunting field are well known even in England and Ireland, Her spirit of endurance was wonderful. For years she lived in retirement in Hungary, where she studied the language, visited the peasants, and became so endeared to the people that she almost rivalled Marie Therese in their affection. Whilst living in this seclusion her chief enjoyment was on the hunting field, the only person she received from Vienna being the late Count Andrassy, Prime Minister. At this period the relations between herself and her husband were somewhat strained. Her sensitive and highly-strung nature led her to dream and brood over the past of the misfortunes of her own family, and also of the ill-fated house of Hapsburg. To this house belongs the sad privilege of the legend of Messengers of Death (like the Banshee of the G2 noble families of Ire- land the Lady in White. The unhappy Emperor of Austria, in a reign of nearly 50 years, has, so the gossips say, seen this white ghost so often that he has almost learnt not to fear it. It is indeed almost amusing, in spite of the seriousness of the subject, to recall the stories one has heard about this phantasm. The house of Hapsburg has been struck by misfortunes of all kinds, and the "White Lady," as she is called, has, so the legend runs, always given warning. During the last few years a woman clad in white, we are told, has been seen for many nights silently walking through the Hot bring in Vienna. She announced then that the Archduke (known as Captain John Orth, who had renounced titles, money, and claim to the throne, and who had chartered a vessel to wander about the world) was lost, and would never set foot in those rooms again. The tragic drama of Mayor ling, which witnessed scenes of love and blood, which no history will ever narrate, was preceded (shall I say as a matter of course s) by the appearance of the " Lady in White. " This spotless apparition announced that the hours of the Archduke Rudolph and of Mary Vetzern^were numbered. It will be interesting to learn if this family ghost has made any appearance lately, either forewarned or foreshadowed the tragic end of the mistress of the house. Mutual grief helped to reunite husband and wife to their former affection, and they mourned together over the grave of their dead son. Pope Leo XIII. used his influence to bring about this reconciliation and also later on to induce the Empress to resume her duties at court. Of late years she had taken a keen interest in the Island of Corfu, where she had built a castle called the Archileon. It is quite a museum of objects of art, and she employed Venetian and Neapolitan artists, the former to adorn the floors with mosaics, and the latter to fresco the ceilings. The famous painter Altamura was pressed into the service to beautify the castle. A notable feature in the middle of the court-yard is a monument erected to the memory of Heine, her favourite poet. His poems were the solace of her heart in times of loneliness and seclusion. After the tragic end of her only son she turned this castle into a monument to his memory is everything that belonged to him was treasured there, and kept as sacred relics. VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIRED pour hair is turning grey or white, or falling off and THE MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER " for It now; positively restore in every case Grey or White Hair to its original colour, without leaving the dlmiirsenblo scroll of most " Ri. terrors.' It makes the hair, charmingly beard. (is, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on Bald roots where the glands are not doon red. Ask your Chemist for the " MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER." Sold by chemists and perfumers i everywhere at 8s. 6d per bottle. Wholesale Depot, 33 Farringdon Road, London, 