ARCHIE'S TROUBLE. You say London is a big place. 1 call it vciy little. I have found tbe world to be a litllo one and London is not quite equal to tbat. Perhaps when you have roamed about it as I bare you may think the same. Suppose, tbat on your first visit to Yoka bama or Duncdiu, tbe first man who greeted you as you walked into your hotel, was your old neighbour Johnson, who bad the villa uoxt to yours at home, or when walking into the news room of tbe " Mctropole " at Naples, you found tbat tbe thin man at the reading stand beside you was your old college cbum Robinson, wouldn't you think that the world was not so very wide after all ? Meetings of the kind take placo daily. I am going to tell you of one of Ibcni, only this took place in London. Ono ot our largest country bufers was expect ed in town,so it was arranged that I should meet him. As he was an important man to us, it was decided that I should give a full day to bim if necessary. So 1 went over early to tbe brokers' in Mark-lanc where be was to call, and learned that it was uucertam when he would arrive as he was known to have other business in the eity and might transact it before coming there. 1 found that there waB nothing for me hut to wait about until ho arrived. At two o'clock be had not come and bis brokers thought tbat as it had grown so late, be would probslily not call until the following morning. So I dccided to go to luucb and look iu again after. Selecting one or the quietest of the cafes in tbe Lane, I went in nnd ordered some light refreshment. The bouse was one of tbe newer class, a liberal use of plants aud other decora tive adjuncts, and u freedom from tbe bent and o.lours of the typical London restaurant causing it to he. frequented by ladies. Seeing a vacant chair at a small table near the end of tbe room I took my seat there and was soon enjoying a plncsant lunch. Making a survoy of tbe surroundings, I noticed that three of the four ladies who had been sitting at tbe table next to mine, bad risen, leaving an exceedingly pretty girl of about 18 aB iny nearest neighbour, ller side face was toward me and there was such an easy grace about her tbat sbo become an object of interest to me.The trim oulliuo of her woll-cut jackbt and the neat bat of brown beaver gave evidence i>f a faultless iasto in harmony with tbe swcct-faco of the wearer. I had finished my lunch yet I satstill, enjoying tbe delightful presenou of tbe girl near me. A waitress approached her to receive payment for the refreshment she had or.lered. The girl's hand slid quietly inlo l.er poeket. I could sic that she was feeling Tor her purse. Alookofcon sie.ruatlon came over her face. The purse was evidently not there. She felt again. Iler look became one of despair. She bit her lip and then seemed as if trying to recollect something. Turning ber face, every lineament of which be tokened innocence, upon tbe waitress, she said in a clear though slightly tremulous voice. "1 have either lost my purse or come without it. I have no money at all. Whatever shall I do?" The waitress smiled dubiously. " It will be necessary to pay madame. Have you no mone y ? " she said. " None. I am-absolutely without a penny ns my purse is gone. Whatever shall I do ? " tlio girl asked pileously, locking round. Her full face was now turned to me. Her embarrassment was painful to behold. I was as certain that she was telling the truth as I was of my own existence. " What is the amount ? " I whispered to tbe waitress. " Only a shilling, sir," was the answer. I banded the waitress a shilling, nnd taking out a card stepped across to the girl. " I noticed your difficulty," t said. " Your purse bits most likely been stolen. I have paid, and shall be very happy if you allow the matter to rest." "I cannot do that, sir," she said, colouring afresh. " I will thank you for tbe loan of the money, but please tell me where I can return it to." " It is not worth troubling about. I will, however, leave you iny card with pleasure," I said, thinking tbat 1 might burt the girl's feel ings if I refused to give her an address to which the money might bo returned. 1 took out my pocket-book and handed ber ' my card and then rose to go I saw that the girl was struck by the name. A look of astonish ment appeared on her face. Seeing that I was about to leave tbe cafe, sbo rose abruptly nnd stepped lightly afler mo, " Excuse me, sir," she said, timidly, " but will you tell me whcth?r you have a, friend in Lon don named Carruthers-Archie Currnthere ? " I was perplexed. Outside of my own family circle there was just one man in all London that 1 cared to regard as a friend. 'I hut man was - Archie Carruthers of Chelsea, But how on earth had this girl struck the name ? ? " I eeituinly have a friend of that name," 1 replied, looking straight into a pair of witch ing, hazel eyes. " 1 felt sure it must be you," she said, with relurning couiideuce. " Archie is always tnlk iug about you. He will be so delighted when he learns yon have helped nis out of this atupid difficulty." " Pray toll me with whom I am conversing," 1 said, my curiosity .now beiug aroused. ' " My name is Gladys Manville," she replied' in tones of silvery lightness, her embarrassment having all passed away. <" She was Archie's fiancee. This was the girl be had so often enthused over to me, and to whom ho had promised me an early introduction. " Lucky dog !" I thought, as her countenanco was momentarily lit up with a smile of delicious sweetness. " I am truly happy, Miss Manville, over tbo good fortune which has enabled me lomectyou, and do you a small service," I said, agree ably. " Archie will be very grateful to you, as I »m," she replied, extending her hand. " 1 am afraid, though," sbo continued, " I shall have ' to make another claim upon your kindness. X have come into town to see Archie, aud ai 1 have not my purse, I really havo not what will carry me to < belsea. If you will kindly lend mo sufficient to pay for a ticket to Sloane squnre, 1 sball be so much obliged to you. I will.ask Archie to return it tp you. Perhaps you don't know that he is ill," she added, a liok of anxiety taking the place of the smile which bad beamed upon me a moment before. I confessed my ignorance and asked her for * particulars of my friend's ailment. It flashed across my mind th»t it . was nearly a mouth since I bad seen him, a quite unheard of period to pass without a visit from him. Miss Manville seemed to regret having made allusion to Archie's indisposition. To my question and others which followed, she gave replies which were confused and Beemcd evasive. One remark, however, which she let drop, fired my curiosity and caused me to determine to accompany ber to Chelsea if I coul.l arrange it Her remark conveyed * that Archie , had worried himself ill over'his " trouble at the office." As I knew that he was cashier-to a city firm of high' standing, the remark made me very uneasy. It had a significance she never dreamt of. Miss SlautiUe »e«'.ieJ overjoyed when I sug gested accompan.ing h"r to Chelsra. Uxplain ii.g tbat 1 could ouly doso if tbe ]»rty I wished to see were im*- likely to arrive, I persuaded her to w*lk wil'i me to '.he brokers' that I might asr-crtvlr.. On are'viug there a telegram was hauded to me. It adviacd that Mr. Cuthbert ion, out cu*'om*r, had been unable to get to town, but that be would be at Mark-lane by eleven on the following- morning. As I read tbe telegram and realised that I was frco for the day, f seemed to sec something more tbin chance in Cutbbertaon's non-arrival viewed in conjunction with tbo way in which tbo news of Archie's trouble had reached me. I gaw it to bo my clear duty to go to Chelsea without delay. Telephoning to Cannon-street that Outhbertson had not come, and that I should probably not return to the office tbat iiiulit, as 1 bad been unexpectedly summoned to visit a friend who ft as ill, i accompanied Miss Manville to tbe station and booked for Sloane-square. ... < At ten minutes to four wo were ushered into Archie's presenae in tbo sitting room of bis house in Manor-street, Chelsea. Though we b^d been announced, I thought Archie would bavo fainted when he saw me walk into bis room with Miss Manvillo. 1 learned that she had been quite uncxpcctcd,nnd as for myself, Archie would as soon bare ex pected tho Czar of Russia to break in upon him ax me. With a Bby and unsasy air be rose to offer mo bis band." In h few words I explained how I had be- ; come acquainted with Miss Manville, nnd found mjnelf under the double obligation of accom panying her on bcr journey across tho city, she being his friend and nlouc under rather awk ward circumstances, and of paying him a visit to ascertain how he was. Archie smiled as I finished my narrntivo and thanked me profusely for what I had done. " As you have been so good as to come to see what is the matter with me, I'll tell you the whole story," he said, settling back in an easy attitude, though bis look still betokened a troubled mind, . The story he told mo was this. Three weeks before, to that very afternoon, he had made up at the office, ns was his custom, bis Arm's amount of cash and paper for payment into tbo Arm's account at the bank. The sum \rai £070, among which were two notes of £100 each. Tho custom wa« for Arcliir, es cashier, to count the cash and check oil all paper, to plnco the whole in the cash bag which he then locked nnd for the assistant cashier to proceed with tho bag and key to the bank and pay the amount in. On that particular afternoon, when tbo cash was taken from the bag at the bank, the two hundred-pound notes were missing. George Cbiswel), tbe assistant oashier, immediately notified the lors to the bank and hastened hack to the oflico to iuform Archie of it. > Archie was dumbfounded. Alnooft tbe last thing ho Usui done before Chitwell lift for the biu\k was to cheek off the notes with some others and some bills. Though he had implicit conOdcnce in Chlswell, tbe fact remained that ho had taken tbe hue to tbo bank and bad had po.«e« ision of tho key to it. To add to their oon fusion a clip ol paper which bad borne tho num ber of the missing notf s bad also disappeared so tbat there wcro no means of stopping them. Archio wss confident that he had been tho vic tim of a well luid plot ; tbe question was, who was tho thief. > He was tatisfled that Chinwell had not consciously been a party to it, but this conviotion only deepened the mystery surround ing the matter. '_ ~?;r"' " "J . Tbe principals of the firm had boen immedi ately apprised of tbe disappearanoo of the notes and they bad ca'Jsed the officials of Scot laud Yard to bo informed without loss of time. The case had been put into tbo hands of two of tbo most experienced detectives, but up to tbat time no clue to tbo notes bad been obtained. From tbe facts that tboy had disappeared from his own department, aud tbat until tho matter were cleared up, suspicion would naturally at tach to Chiawcll,Archie had made hinueF ill by worrying over tbe robbery. Ho had now been at home for four days, and it was easy to see the low state into which ho had worked himself. " What is your theory of the nffair ?" I asked when be bad finished his story. " That some one in the oflico took tho notes. I feel confident of it, though 1 have nut * ves tige of proof," he answered, bis eyes flashing excitedly. " Do you BVKpeet anyone ?" I asked aguo. " Well, you know, it is a very dclioato and serious matter," be answered, deliberately. " It is," 1 pur3utd,all Iho more disirablo that any reasonable suspicion should bo followed up. Have you no suspicion of any ono ?" " I have a vngue and lurking association of a certain party with tho affair," said Archie, rising and pacing tho room uneasily. " I can't dismiss him from my miud. Night and day his face obtrudes itself, and yet I haven't the ghost of a shred of evidenco to connect him with-it." " Who is ho P" I queried, my interest now being awakened. " A clerli in a good position. You would toko him to ho a principal by bis manner. Ho's an awful lot of ' sidts' about him; dresies immacu lately and talks glibly about city affairs ; just the kind of man you'd expect to find dabbling in slocks." < " Can ho have taken tbo papor ?" ' 41 That's jnst the point. Assuming that ho meant to take it, he might havo done. He is one of tbe clerks whose busiuess it is to eonfor with me about charges and particulars in state ments of account. This brings him pretty fre quently into the cash-office. He had been in it t'jat afternoon,but I've not been able to connect any visit of his with the time of tho disappear ance of tbe notes, nor has Cbiswoll. In fact, I would dismiss him from memory only I can't." Archie oonld tell me nothing more about tho matter. It had made him ill. .Learning of his illness. Miss Manville, bis fiancee, had como from Forest Gate to sec bim. She had first gone into the city aud bad called at tbo restaurant in Mark - lano for lunch. Archie pressed me to stay to tea, but I declined. There wis still time to get back to Cannon street before the i Ifice clcsed, so I bade Miss Manvillo and Mm "Good afternoon," promising to run out to Chelsea again in a day or two. As X travelled to the city, I found my mind runni/ig inost provokingly upon Archie's mis hap. I had a strange and vague premonition that in some unlooked for manner f should help him to clear up the mystery, I could not dis miss tho thing from my mind. Most of. the staff lad gone when I reached our house in Cannon-streLt, as it was then half pat t five. As I entered, our cashier, Fied TUonihilt, was leaving. It was past his usual timo as ho had remained to make up some mail accounts. I made a practice ol informing Thornbill of any interesting cases of manipulation of cash or bills which came to my kuowledge, as a ' simple matter of precaution. " Mr. Thornbill," I said, " I have just been hearing a story that will interest you." "Oh!" be replied, smiling. " Is it some thing very good ? " ; "Just come bsck for five minules and I'll tell you cU about it while it is freab in'vny mind," I said, leading tho way to my private office. He sat down nnd I repeated the story about the loss of Archie's two hundred- pound notes. Thornbill listineil with rapt attention. - | "Well, really, Mr. Charles,'' he said, eagerly wbeu I bad done, " you recall a circumstance ; that certainly had passed from my mind, though at tbe time it seemed so unusual that I noted it. About a fortnight ago a cheque came in for £200. It was tbo unusual amount, £200 in one even sum, that took my attention, so I looked at tho cheque. It had passed through two hands before it came to me, and I saw that tbe first indorsement was by Crake aud Derwent, the stockbrokers. I concluded tbat it had been paid to them on account of some slock-dfaling transaction. I remember wondering whether it was some Juggins they had got hold of who bad perhaps realised bin savings and handed them over to be made ducks and drakes of." "lVhst was the diawer's name ? " J asked. " I can look it up if it is of any moment." said Thornhill. "I jotted it down at the timo." " Do so, please ; the morning will do," 1 saiil with a feeling of quickened interest in the imltcr. I bide Thornhill " Good night," and ho de parted for homo. I hid noticed that Archie studiously re Trained from mentioning the name of the party be suspected, 1 now wished I had pressed Uim for it. Something whispered to me tliat I must obtain it. So 1 sat down and wrote to Archie hogging him to send me the name of the person ho i uspccted, by return of post. Then I went home. All the evening, and for the greater part of the niglit, Archie's case occupied my mind. It seemed to bnve becomn my own individual affair and that I was bound to solve the mystery for my own credit's s»ke. "This is the name of the drawer ofattiat cheque, Mr. Charles," said Thornhill, as f walked into the cash department the next morning. ,v~ lie handed me a slip of paper with tho words " Lawrcncc Brand, September 26," written in ink upon it. .. i 1 had not then oDcncd my letters, Going to tile private oflicc I found them arranged upon I my desk. Looking quickly through them, I I noticed one with the Chelsea post-mark. I knew that was from Archie CarrutberB. Eagerly opening the envelope I took out the en closure and read; . Dear Charlie,-Tho name of the party I alluded to is Lawrence Brand. Fur goo.i ness' rake, mind what you do with the in formation.-Yourssincerely, A. I diil mind. Within half-an-hour tlie detec tives who had the case in hand wcra apprised of tho facts tb»t whereas, on September 24th, two onc- Iumdre:l-pound notes were stolen from the oflico of Mrssrs. Canlyrc, Crewdson, and Co., on September 2Gth, a cheque for two hun dred pounds wns drawn upon a ccrtain bank by one Larcrjnce Brand, a clork in tho employ ment of Messrs. Cantyre, Crewdson, and Co., in favour of a well-known lirm of stockbrokers, j Before mid-dav it had been ascertained that on September 25th two hundred-pound notes j had been paid to the private account of Lnw rcncc Brand at the binlr upon which the cheqno was drawn, Yet even then thsre w«s no direct ovidenco that Brand had stolen the notes. X had no doubt of it, and tho detectives had none, and when the circumstances which had come to our knowledge wore lnid beforo Messrs. Can tyro and Crewdson, they too, were satisfied that Brand was the culprit. The two principals nooordingly summoned BIr. Bvand to their private office. Bidding him tit down, Mr, Crewdson calmly informed him that on StplemberE'Uh the two notes of one hundred pounds each worn atolen from Mr. Carrutlurs' desk or cash bag ; that on tho following;'lay, he, Mr. I.awrr.nco Brand, had paid tho said two notes into u private account in a certain lianli, and that on the next day bo had drawn a cheque for the same mhourit on account of err tain stock-dealing transactions. :?'' We wnnt to know why you stolo those notes, and what you have to say for youredf p" concluded Mr. Crowdson, fixing » searching look apon Mr. Lawrence Brand. - The culprit was so utterly taken by surprise that hn could mako no iuteliigiblo reply. Charged with the theft in tho face of the known facts, ho could only imagine the esse complete agninut him. He fell down upon his knies at Mr. Crrwdfon's feet whining for mercy, Atohie Carrnthers is now married. Ffe and his wife are my two best friends outside of my own family oirclo. I never meet Archio without him referring in some way to what he calls my " miraculous introduction to Gladys." I can't persuade him lli'at there was nothing unusual about it; that this wrrld is a very little one, and that such ovcuts come about quito in the regular order of thiugs. 