AT THE TOP OF THE TREE. (Written for the "Town and Country Journal.") : . . , (By J. A. Barry.) " . > , .«'STEADY- AS YOU GO, QUARTERMASTER.'" ANXIOUS MOMENTS. ?Nowhere in the world, perhaps, within such a confined' space could he found a man to whom at taches more responsibility than there does to the captain of? a great passenger steamer, nor one who lives a life of more constant anxiety, nor one of whom so many incongruous and exacting qualificaT tiens are demanded if he hopes to be a success. Of course a great many of these men don't fill the .MU. 'But it may toe safely said that the majority of them do, and that the master of one of our modern 8000 or 10,000 ton liners must take rank amongst the highest of the skilled human pro ducts of the age, not even excepting the so-often quoted captain of a 'battleship. True, the latter's -vessel costa more, and he has more men perman ently under his care, tout then he hasn't to run to time with almost the exactness of a railway train, and, in spite of wind or sea, take part in social functions that worry him, or make himself agree able to people he doesn't care a dump for; also, the navy man possesses a whole crowd of . highly trained: subordinates, in two ait least of whom he can place.as Implicit confidence as he can in bim self. , This, of course, should be equally brue of the. commander of the big liner. Unfortunately, however, it is often not so, and, probably, one of the very worst moments of a captain's life is the one in which he discovers that his flnst or second mates are not to be relied upon. His vigilance, great before, must now be ceaseless, and his presence on the bridge continuous dur ing the incompetent man's watch . on deck. Worriéd and harassed though he may be, he is obliged to keep a cheerful face for (his passengers, and courteously reply to their often inane, question ings, for a discourteous captain in these days as soon lacks a ship as an unlucky one. Also, because a scandal does a ship as much harm as it does a parson; therefore the captain at most can but pri vately .remonstrate with his officers, and take their share of the work upon his .own already overbur dened shoulders. Once, not many years ago, the captain of one great liner found his chief solemn ly drunk, and ice all around the ship; another night he caught the second mate asleep' bard and fasti in the lee corner of the bridge under the dod gers. And these ïnen were in charge of six-hundred people, and over 'half a million of specie! But there was no scandal. ' No one but those concerned guessed that there was anything wrong amongst the executive. But for three weeks the captain, through all the bitter Atlantic nights of fog and ice and snow, kept the deck almost without rest, appearing at his accustomed hours amongst the pas sengers, taking part in their pastimes, < and ever tihe <?ame urbane, suave gentleman, apparently a3 free from care or worry as any of themselves, col lapsing only when the pilot took ciharge. And there can be. no doubt that, even when everything goo? smoothly, the responsibility of their position weighs very heavily on most of these men- even to those of them inured to lt by many yeara of ex perience. That this is a recognised fact, the pro positions every now and again mooted for a dual control, i.e., two captains to each ship, will show. The scheme has never been tried, probably would not work if It were. And although with these boats, happily very seldom, now and then comes a smash. Ycar3 go by, perhaps, and the big steamer running to her table through calm and storm alike, sud denly dashes,on- some rock and makes dismal wreck. In similar weather she has passed the same spot a thousand times In perfect safety. Her commander knows every feature of it, as well as he knows his own stateroom ;know.3 the depth of water around it, the trend of all currents bordering it, the exact distance to a foot within which safety lies. And yet, somehow, on tihi3 occasion he, as likely as not in charge himself at the moment, piles his splendid ship right on top of the reef, almost as if lt were the very thing he was trying to do. Time aftor time has this happened in all the world's seas, and probably it will go on happening until we can manage to substitute machinery for that wonderful, lump of "grey matter" and convoluted tissue to which scientists have given the name of brain, and which is the organ solely responsible for the catastronhe. Exnerts. cf course, talk learnedly of variations and deviations and unsuspected currents, magne tic attraction from the object even, and attempt generally to discover some abnormal con ditions in earth, sea, cr air that might be made account able fer such an unaccountable Inkiness. Sometimes the cap tain himself offers similar ZxN PORT-BUT STILL BUSY. excuses.- At others, and. moro truly, he says he cannot understand at all how the affair oc curred. How ls he to know that that particular brain-coll upon which 'the safety of his ship de pended was temporarily closed and rendered use less by 'the pressure, perhaps, of a solitary drop of blood generated by the refusal of one of Its valves to perform its usual duty? Withe tnt a doubt something of the kind happened to Tryon, when, quite deliberately, he sent his'great warship and her company to the bottom of the Mediter ranean. In normal health he would have seen at a glance that there was no room to turn. Every body else saw lt. But at the time his "manoeuvre cell," so to speak, was out of order for the mo ment; hence a terrible naval disaster. Towards the end of the eighties a fine big steamer, the City of Macao, was coming down through the China seas, homeward bound, with nearly a whole regi ment of troops on board. One morning, steering an E. by S. course to clear Pulo Ultong, the se cond, relieving the first, found that the captain had altered the course to S.E. by S., and then, giving orders that he should not be disturbed, had turned in. For.a few minutes the second, sleepy and sulky, as most men coming on watch at 4 a.m. are, paid little attention to anything. Then the full significance of the change all nt once burst upon him. Either he was a lunatic, or they were going at a fourteen-knot speed straight on to the perpendicular rocks of Pulo Ultong, now, if his midday work had been cor rect, not more than six miles distant. Rushing into the chart-room, he soon verified his suspi cions. And still he hesitated. A course once given by the captain may not be lightly altered; nor do second officers waken captains, in defi ance of orders, without being able to show bet ter cause than a captain's suspected error. And time was going fearfully fast as tho 3000 tons of steel, with her sleeping hundreds roared along to her doom. The scond peered desperately into the black night ahead. But the tropical black ness was too thick to make out the loom of any land.' And Pulo Ultong must be very close, in deed, now! "Let her come up S. by B" quarter master," ho exclaimed at last; "I can't stand this any longer!" Hardly had the steamer got steadi ed on her new course, when a yell arose from the lookout man on the forward bridge, and the is land leapt out of the gloom to meet them, so close ahead that tho second swore afterwards he could hear the "City's" fore-topsall yard knock ing the nuts off the coco palms. Ten minutes later the captain came on to the bridge, and made for the binnacle. "Passed Ultong, Mr. Jarvis?" he asked, in shaky tones. "Just passed, sir," replied the second, quite as nervously. ? ? ? ; ".? "Had a damned bad dream," remarked the skip . per; "and it awoke me. I dreamt that you'd altered the course, and that we were smack Into the island!" And nobody said anything more; but the point bf tho incident lies in the fact that for three years the captain and the "City" and the se cond had been passing Ultong, and never hail the former interfered with tne course; nor for two more years during which tne second was in the ship, although you may depend he kept a bright lookout, did he ever experience such ano ther "hair- raiser." You see, just for One mo ment, perhaps, the minute brain-cell (there are, it is said, billions of them) in which the course to clear the island was stowed had stopped work ing, and the captain had. altered the course to the correct one to be steered after leaving Ul tong. "Unconscious cerebral derangement" scient ists call.it. Only the disease is not recognised by marine boards. But it, nevertheless, ls re sponsible for the loss of many a fine ship, and many inválúáble lives. When à man gets com mand of a big mail steamer he is at the top of the maritime tree. He can rise no higher. His pay is'from'£500 to..£800 a year, His responsibi lity tremendous; his tenure precarious. To re ceive tho "sack," swift and sure, after a score of years' service, there is no necessity for him to wreck his ship. All he has to do is. to .scrape a reef and give her keel a.bit of a twist that £100 dock charges for repairs would cover.; ; It is a case with the skipper then-at least, in most in stances. No matter, how gently the marine board may deal with him; no matter if he were asleep in his berth at the time,.and his "ticket" is rc turned to him "without a stain," KO he must, as a rule, out of that employ. And the chances are that he will never get command of another ship in any other employ. The supply cf men who haVe never twisted their vessels' keels is too large nowadays to allow of any sentimental leanings on-the part of the big companies; they prefer men with an immaculate record. Still, from a social und pecuniary point of view, it is tho only positiou -worth having in the mercantile marine of any nation. And it takes a lot of pegging awny before a man Ands himself boss on a liner's bridge; nor, unless through exceptional circumstances, is he any longer young by the time ho gets there. Probably lie comes first from canvas into steam as chief officer of a sail ing ship. Then, putting his pride and his mas ter's certificate in his pocket, he begins as fourth, or oven fifth, mate of tho liner, rising by very slow degrees to his old rating under canvas. And at that, unless possessed of strong Influence, or by force, of some lucky accident, he probably sticks for many years. If he ever gets charge at all, he is first put Into a small "transfer boat" one of thoso who meet the big ones at certain for eign ports, and take branch passengers and mails from thom-then, by degrees, and always with much luck, he will work gradually on to one of the main routes; and thus may at BO years of age paco the bridge of an 8000 tonner as her master; write R.N.R. after his name; take courtesy rank equal to that of a lieutenant in the Royal Navy, and be socially equal to the average professional man ashore, with, however, none qt the . advan tages the latter's position enables him to enjoy. Also, the next week after receiving the reward of all those weary years of waiting and toil, he may "twist his keel" and at once retire on midship man's half-pay of "nothing a day and find him self." Certainly, if he keeps his billet, there are compensations. He may hobnob with an earl, and take a duchess into dinner; meet distinguish ed men and women of all sorts and conditions; famous authors, statesmen, warriors, churchmen; celebrated actresses and singers. In a word, all the wandering world of high-class globe-trotters come and go before his eyes, and, by virtue of his position and his uniform, they generally make themselves pleasant and agreeable to him-whilst under his charge. Ashore, of course, he doesn't meet them any more. Indeed, he 'has-.very, little shore himself-a week or, at most, a fortnight at each end-and off he goes again on the same old track. À captain of an Australian liner would, in the usual course of things, be able thus to spend some eight weeks with his wife and family out of the year. Not a very domesticated sort of business, is it, even when he does get to the top of. the tree, and can, if he wishes, sport white kid gloves and gold shoulder straps? Amongst the captain's anxlous^snoments-and, as has been shown, he has many~as trying ones as . any-are those, perhaps, when . making the land homeward, hound, especially in the winter. Most likely the weather, is thicK with fog or Winding hail and rain; the Channel is full of un seen ships, rendering navigation simply a blind terror. For a score of hours together the cap tain never stirs from the bridge, even snatching h la meals there; while the great liner, with lur steam syren blaring constant warnings, drives slowly through the smother, passed every now and again by other ghosts, grey and shrieking like herself. The water is alive with shipping, and it is impossible to see what each succeeding minute may bring; perhaps a dirty old steam col lier striking bow on, followed by disaster instant and irretrievable to both vessels; perhaps a Brixham trawler ground to chips under the mighty stem of the mallboat, the requiem of her crew a few fog-smothered screams. No more society business now for the skipper, In saloon or music-room! Glad In waterproofs from head to foot, every sense on the alert, prepared for any emergency, as far as possible, he watches over the safety of his ship; whilst the passengers, ig norant of all the possibilities the fog holds for them, are busily packing up, forgetful of the very fact that there is such a person in existence. Nor when at last the air clears, and the pilot comes on board and takes charge, .does the skipper on his side trouble himself much about his late .guests; but,- weary in both brain and body; is \- only too glad to get into his stateroom and rest for a few hours until duty calls again. No more at the top of the tree in the; mercan tile marine than in any other profession is' it all cakes and ale. " Less so, indeed, perhaps than in any one of them. , v. - 