THE i Jv Wo w (T'j talking; about spiv sriiiu tati<-lis at tli-.' Thirty-nine Club, and ivtailing the usual second or third-band accounts of deceased ladies ami gentlome:i showing themselves «!«'••'' rowing relatives. "It is strange the tricks which our brains will h-ih'lime.- play us." said Dr. Maepherson. "1 remember on<-e seeing f a g-h.<e< myself, am.l 3 can tell you that the sensation is a very curious one. It vas a good rn any years a go. dining: my examination days, and 1 had been sitting up until the early hours •cramming." Kverybody in the house had long since gone to bed. where 1 ought to have hi. en myself, so 1 was rather surprised when 1 glanced up from my book to see somebody silting at the table where I myself had been a few moments before writing. 1 felt quite startled for an insiant. until I recognised the intruder. lie was a little hazy, but I could see plainly enough who he was." "A dead relative?" asked Maj. Dennett, who was ii firm believer in the good old-fashioned ghost. Macpherson answered in his pecuiiarly quiet way. "No; it was myself. The appearance of seeing" one's own ghost is not altogether unusual, I believe." "Now, 1 do not think your experience was half so remarkable as one of mine," said Gilbert Dane, the well-known actor and manager of the Howard Theatre, who happened to be there that night Dane is not a member of the .Thirtymine, but had come with Macpherson. Most of the brain specialist's friends are in the profession, a fact which is per- ; haps due to the year which he himself spent on the stage as a young man. "My story begins prosaically;" 's:ild"'j the actor, when we begged to hear it. "I lost the latch-key with which I let myself into the theatre, ahdtooksqmeliody else's tothelocksmith's to have a 'duplicate made. I agreed to" call for It the following morning, as I was going up town for rehearsal. 1 was living at Putney then, and we were actively preparing a play which deserved a better fate than it received, if thought and preparation go for anything, for I came near making myself ill over it. I w as feeling out of sorts on the morning that -I had called for the latchkey, and when the locksmith swjpre posi|i^elyi that he bad given m4 the = thing 5 atr eadyv-that less than ten hiinutes- previously I had come in for the key, paid for it, and taken it away with me, I will confess that I lost my temper and stormed at the fellow, but I could not get him to budge a line from his story. He seemed to have an idea that I was playing a practical joke, and the only result of my talking was that I nearly lost my train to Waterloo. It was moving when I reached the platform, and I had to run for the only compartment of which the door was open, near the end of the train. " The compartment contained two other passengers, but if I glanced at tliem at all, I noticed nothing except that .each was pretty well hidden behind a Saily paper. I had fortunately bought my own paper beforecalling atthelock-- smith's arid speedily followed Htlieir example. \- So-far, the story, is gainfully ;cominonplaee. Nqw,vcpm<^-tfie= Jtruly remarkable : experieiifc^; • 'whithl* has stamped the doings of Jthat day Indelibly on my anemory The actpr parsed t-b |tfike. 'hatch' and relight his '-cheroot," which' he 'had allowed to go out, and we all watched liim in silence,. wondering what was coming. Macpherson only fhad the aiJ? of a man who had heard "the story before. . * " ' ' "I had become rather interested in my paper," Dane went" on; when the' cigar was alight again, "and' did not; notice my'companions-talking, until one of them" started telling an anecdote. IThen it gradually dawned upon me that the story he was telling was one that I consider my own particular property, a,nd when I listened it struck ine that the story was being told, not only in my exact ' words, but also in my own voice. They say that a man does not recognise his own voice—when he hears it in the phonograph, for instance; but that is possibly the fault of the phonograph, and, at any rate, I know that I recognised mine instantly. "The story*and the voice startled me, and it is difficult to describe my feelings when I put down my paper to glance at the narrator." *" It was yourelf?" asked Maj. Dennett, excitedly, as the actor paused, and •Dane nodded. "Yes, gentlemen, I saw seated at the •other end of the compartment by the .window, opposite his companioh, a figure that was an exact fac simile of the reflection which I see in my glass every day when I have dressed for the part of a respectably citizen. It was myself, j ^ complete in every detail of face ond attire." "An optical delusion, I suppose ?" I suggested, and the actor shook his head. "No; that was the first idea that occurred to me—that I had been working; and worrying too much over the newplay, and my brain had played me a trick. The unconcerned way in which the third man glanced at m» encouraged me in the belief, for the likeness, unless I was imagining- it, was enough to attract instant attention. I wondered .Whether there was actually a man sitting and talking where I saw aid heard jny fac simile ; for the third Man, an ordinary, every day individual, had not spoken a word to him, and mighi, from his expression, have been listening to his anecdote or simply thinking. Iwas relieved when lie laughed at the piiiit ,when 'my double," as I began to call /his companion, came to the joke of the story; hut when he opened his mouth it was. only to increase the mystery of .the affair, for it showed me that ' my 'double' possessed my name, as well as my voice, my dress, my face, and figure. "I began to w onder then, not whether the man at the window was a reality, bat whether I was reality myself, and it really would not have surprised me if I had looked in a mirror at that moment and found it rellected back a face that was strange to me. It is strange how quickly a single phenomenon will sometimes change all one's fixed opinions on the subject of the supernatural. I felt that I must speak to the men, if only to prove whether I was awake or dreaming:, and I seized the opportunity of introducing myself offered by hearing 'my 'double' called by my name. " 'Excuse me,' I said, addressing him, 'but 1 heard your friend just now call Mr Dane. I wonder whether we are related at all, for that happens to be toy name, and we seem to bear a striking similarity to one another.' " "My double' turned and surveyed me through his single eyeglass in exactly the same maimer as that with which I should have surveyed a stranger who addressed me in the train. " 'I really do not know whether we are related,' he said, in the voice I use when I wish to be slightly patronising. '1 am Gilbert Dane, of the Howard Theatre.' and he actually linnded me one of my own cards. "There was something in the substantial nature of the familiar bit of pasteboard that brought back a little of my common sense, and relieved me from the state of stupefaction into which the phenomenon had driven me. " 'Come, this is a very clev.-r trick.' I said, with a smile which. T am atYai was rather feebie. 'Yqu have certainly S96 y l in startKr.g Now I sl.ol/i • your own card, so that I may ka-iv whom to congratulate on a very performance.' " Ainl what did the Mystery do'.'" I in- • j-s:ri'."l with interest. wlu-n the actor "lii- did •• x<• iiy what I should have don.-- ;•" a trail g'-r addressed me iu the same manner. He became angry, and nsk-d rr.e what I m'-stm. :.nd whom I • I;--J my:-'. If. 'Well. until '."-day 1 have i.e-.-n in the habit of calling myself Gilbert Dane, of the .! Inward Thcatn " .1 was beginning. keeping myself a? cool as I could, when my double interrupted me. in a tone which 1 still reeognisc-d perfectly as my own. •' "Well, ytjv had better not do so any more," he said sharply, "or you will find yourself in the hands of the police. I see that you haw been imitating my dress, loo. which 1 cannct help, but the u:-e of my name is another thing.' "We had just reached Vauxhall, our fust stopping place, as he spoke, and.a ticket collector, who knows me by sight, :-;nn<\- to the door. 'My double' caught Ills rye lil'Pt. " '1 wish you would tell this gentleman who 1 am.' he said, and the man answer i-ii promptly : " Certainly, sir ; you are Mr Dane, the actor.' •'iJe looked startled when I asked the same question. " *1 should call you a very good imitation.' he said, when he had recovered from his surprise. '•This was becoming decidedly uncom- fortable, and I began to wonder how could prove to anybody that I was not a very good imitation of myself. The cket collector's ready acceptance of my double as the real 'Mr Dane' showed me how helpless I should be in an appeal to nyone who did hot know me well, gut felt that it would not do for two Gil- (ert Danes to remain at large. The question which one was to surrender the title must be selected at Once. It struck me that the easiest way .to do it would be to go together to the theatre, and submit the question to the company as sembled for the rehearsal. I suggested this course to my fac-simile, and he surprised me by accepting it readily I warn you that I shall detain you when it is settled, and send for the police,' he said, in my haughtiest voice •It was what I was intending to do with him." ' The actor =-paused to light another cheroot -r ' ; "'And did you both go back?" somebody asked. Dane nodded. "Yes, together. The third man left us at Waterloo," he said. "You may not believe it, but I felt really uneasy as I approached the stage door, and the fact that I had no latch key to open it for myself seemed a calamity. My double calmly produced his, and marched me into my own" theatre with the air of a proprietor. Then he closed the door behind him, and changing his voice and manner suddenly turned toward me and said quietly : 'And now, Mr Dane, I will puzzle you no more, but apologise for giving you so much trouble, which l^hope you. will thinly repaid by the enj&yment; i<& *a uniqtje-- sensation. The fact is that I am Very anxious to go on the stage under your auspices, "and I thought that this would be the best way to obtain an introduction to you, and at the same time show you a specimen of my acting;_|n paii ;? of your understudy. You 'v^Upadmit ^UjSeast that I undez-stan^tlie^rt^pf m^Sgup. Now, are you going to give me an engagement—or to send for the police?' " "And you gave him an engagement, I suppose?" I asked. • "Yes; I have always regretted tltat he threw it up before the year was up- aridreturned to his former profession, that of a medical man." • "It was he,, of cour^g^who called.for the latchkey ini the* moiling?" f "Yes^he had^beent. in ttfe shqj) 3^e!rj|g. ordered iVr'and the" fa.St"finally"deter 1 mined him Co carry out the WaifV which he had been pondering some time." "But be must have haunted you like a shadow beforehand," put in Maj. Dennett. "to learn your gestures and that. I should hardly think the result was worth the trouble." - Macplierson, who had been sitting quietly in the background, surprised us by replying for his friend : "Excuse me. Major," he said, in his usual quiet way, "but you make a mis take there. . Any man would have been glad to give'a hundred pounds down for the engagement which Dane offered me straight away. It cost me less than L1Q for clothes and about a month of study, and my time was not worth L90 a month then, or I should not have thought of giving up medicine and taking to the stage/'—Herbert Flowerden, in the TPall Mall Budget." 