[?] Captain Stoddnrt. declared at the cricket dinner in. Melbourne, that having said his say about the brutal barrnckeiy he would, for evermore be dumb on the subject, and yqt\ he has been r repeating his bitter cry all over again in Adelaide: — There have been players sent to us, Wlio/d now and then complain, ' "And. not forget to ruiso.a.fuss . ' -If rubbed against the grain,"' But noneiike Stoddart did we gct,' - ' Who were, without a doubt As clever..withfthe;bat,amlyet As easily "putiouty' v -j: "She. noTgged. me 'and I did .drink " . .That was the wail of an up-to-date Adiimirijthe City Court, the other day, and dhs bathetic "drunk? ' provided Bishop Goe with.; a text for a sermon to wives in general; the burden of which was "Bon'tinagl" The Bishpp has much faith in a wife's swee't smile and sil very, tongue as. factors in '."the .temperance cause, but I very. much fear tbatihe does not kiiow .the common or domestic "drunk.? Solomon says: "A- continual dropping, in: a very rainy day and a: contentious woman are alike," and. I do not deny the power of a woman's tongue to, drive a.inaii to anything, even to America oivDorkest Africa; but it is probnblb -DivGoe 'confounds cause, .and effect, and mi fine fruitful theme, for discus sion between teams of male and 'female ora tors would be trie question: "Do husbands drink because wives nag, or wives- nag. be cause husbauds drink?" - . - ;/, . They have full confidence in their cause, at Ballarat. A'prp.minent:C6n'veutioii;deIe-; gate . who - visited the Garden City: recently,: was:bnileU';up. in Btnrt-street by aiman wlio . recalled aii old-friendship. 'T.haveu'tbeen. doingjweil .for a. long time," /said the Hal- Iaratarian, "and; I want you' to' do some-' thing for me."- "Well, " rep lied the .politi cian, "X ami afraid my opportunities are -very limited, but . what is it you would like?" "I'm getting on irf years, ". continued the applicant-, v"and can't do hard-work, but any light employment X coul(L do as well as the best, anil 1 want you to promise to do you best for mo. - I want something here in Bal larat, handy to' iiiy .home, anil I think the billet of an. attendant in the Federal House of Representatives woirld suit iuo down to the ground."" The delegate promised cheer fully. ; Probirblj; the; whole colony has; forgotten that once .upph -a time we had a free-traile Treasurer .in Mr. Edward Lang ton; ;; Thii ex-Treasurer, however, |ient'enihcrs i t very keenly, and .thinks that .Victoria has been goiiig.wron'g' ever since he left office in; the long long- ago. In' the 'full faith' that the peoplcr-cspccially- ; the -financial . people.-: looked oh' him. ;as - a .. horn financier,-; he launched his scheme for taking;up the JIu- tual Store mortgages- in-long dated market able debentures; and lie was quite 6lioeked to find no. ; one , responding to the ' call for money. Why. tvas this so? Anyone -'but Mr. Langlon could give the answer. . . Suburban resident; to , liis tea merchant, Ah Sam, the- other morning: "Riissfaii,: lie- take your country, Ah Sam. Frenchman tooi German too,' go tnke all your co'u'ntiy,?;,;A'h. Sam smiled a soft, broad, baby smile. ?j>ro; savee," lie said. : "It's true,. John; Russia-: take some, German take, some; no W.French-, hian .-go ; along "say, 'Give ine-'big'- piece.of: China,'- and 'he take lot of land." '. 'All Sam: smiled again." "Wha' fo' Xflenehymnn steaiee; bit China?" "lie want it for his own?"; "AVantee bit China work in?" "Well, yes,: somuumig .. lltvv xjubmiu," wan tec bit China work in? Germnu rnan,;he too. wantce bit China work in?"' "I sup-: pose so, John"." Ah", Sam's smild 7. grbw. wider aud sweeter. . "All, li,'" lie .said. "Tlenty soon Germnn man,1 Lusliin man,- Flenehy man, all go way China. ' China no good place for.jobj workee all a- some too long, pay all a. same too short. Goo' day!" And Ah Snm, having solved the problem, trotted away, still smiling and babbling hap pily to himself. Tlio Melbourne University students have n very fine and large idea of themselves, as is natural to young men of their age in and out of universities, although the young man outside is not so bold in blowing liis own trumpet Trumpet, do I say? Nothing less than n big bassoon will do the U.S., and just listen to the air he plays:— And now Ciod bles3 onr land, Give tho 'Varsity Council prudence, And bless His noblest work on earth. The MKr.UOURNT. 'VAllSITV STUDENTS! Therc'6 no absurd modesty about that, even if the rhyme is bad, and the rhythm not above reproach. If the student's rea- ' son wore not superior to liis .rhyme, one ' might feel tempted "to doubt the strict ae- . curacy of the opinion expressed in the last line. Here is another verse from the Uni- .j versity Anthem:— . Professor Kernot 'too, : ' j \- Of Engineering's master, : j Now. lie's got liis degree, he's bound, you : see; . - : To pedal'a trifle: foster. ; . It is hot forme to try to improve. the stu- .V.-j dent's opinion of himself, but I, say,; in all . V ; j earnestness, that I do not believe llr. Fits Gibbdn himself could have' done worse tlian ' that. ' . .; ' ."j There was a haunted house in- a southern suburb'lifst week, and it maintained its re putation as such, for 'three days and three nights.' The story was that people .'peering , : through the front window at night had seen " ' ? weird, grey figures arise in the darkness, ; spreading diaphanous draperies, and' float ing about the room after the manner of the. spooks at a well stage-managed seance.- A party of bold young materialists "started away oh Sunday night to lay the ghosts or." perish in the attempt. The house is tenant- less, and stands alone near, the sea shore. The intrepid investigators reached the place at about 9 o'clock, and cautiously raised the front window, and peered in. They had not long to wait; in a- few seconds the spirits were on the job, and the three Ecepties were instantly converted. -All present saw. the, terrible thing distinctly, and to each, it had the same appearance, a most unusual cir- > ; cumstance with ghosts.'. The spectre arose . ; from one corner of the room, a! faint grey- outline, and developed until presently it towered almost to; the ceiling, and then it moved majestically across the room, trail ing its long draperies after it. At this -point the, young men left — they left together, and left hurriedly, resolved to conduct further investigation by daylight. Next day the pro prietor of the house led an- expedition of . psychical researchers, and the mystery was explained in two seconds. The departing ten ant had left a bundle of bullruslies in tbe front room, these had ripened and burst, covering the floor to the depth of a foot, with a gossamer like bed of their insidious, ' winged seeds. When the window was -raised, the draught blew these into the corner, and - then lifted them in a ghost-like cloud, ..to- ; ; wards the ceiling. The spectral effect at night was sufficient to sc-are the most scepti cal, but the ghost walks no longer, and tlie neighborhood has been robbed of the ma terials of a magnificent sensation. ' ' : Mr. Blackett lias analysed a few sample . bottles of water from the Saltwater River, and his report thereon is grim reading. Ths. water contains "putrefactive gases of tho most' offensive description," and tlie smell-is nauseous in the' extreme. The samples contained decomposed animal matter in great quantities, and the analyst naively adds that such water'is dangerous to public health. -I have lieard ' of a stranger to Melbourne; who wished.to have half a day's . fishing, being directedSt? the Saltwater by some ;thoughtlesh person at'liisrliotel.' - He' . went;,_and . was back in .about-'two";hqurs; ' looking,deadly.paler and as limp-as a punc- . -: . i ,. tured tire. Well," he was asked; '"'any . '- 'luck?" "Yes," he xeplicd feebly, "lots" of luck." "What didiyou catch?" - '.Tcaiinot say until I have seen a doctor." ' '; This item lias becn - sent' to me from a Goulburn' Valley township.,.. One day re cently a. farmer, who had a 'bad attack of ; agricultural depression, drove into the place with a strange looking' maeliine hiteli'ed . be hind his waggon. He pulled up before the' local bank, whicli happened to be next, to the store, and .was tlie branch of a recon structed institution." While thej fanner was leaning against his Vehicle, rubbing tobacco .with that deliberate, , methodical, rotary niovement that all bush workers contract in tiine,' the bank manager came to the door. "Good day/ Smith," lie ..siid.; "What sort" of a machine, is that- you hare there?" "That," said Smith,', "is the new stump ex tractor, an' li terrible powerful machine it is.",, "Wellpwhafr are you doing with it here?" . f'Doiii'.? . Oh',-' I' jinst thought; that, bein'- in town, T might; tiy-'if it; was strong enough .to cxtractMhat old-fixed deposit of ; mine.? .!'s'y. -'".'j.' v \- Dr. Schenek, of Vienna, if what he claims is true, lias "made a discovery; tluit- may be of vast significance to posterity. He declnres .he. lias found, put a. simple; system whereby . parents may. have sous or daughters as; they . please, aud -not. liope for- ohc'or-tbe other, - M") and trust to luc-kj as . is now. the custom. . The sex of;- the- unborn; . according to ; the . . Austrian ,-.biigist,t''''de|icui. Hrcly. . v . .' y up'oii tlie. nature of thc" food consumed'; by ; the mother, and tlie docior; of the fiiture will be able to .prescribe for a son or daugh ter, "just as piipa and niamma wish. At present the female sex predomiuates - in most populations, but when Dr.- Schehek's theory is understood it may be all the other way about. Stay — may riot this be the means of making woman dominant in the : world? Think of the power the sex will wield when it can say, "Yield to our wishes,: or no men children shall be born for a de- cade, and presently we will take all wo . desire by force of numbers." Suppose woman has the franchise, and the opportu nity of creating only female electors! It is a stupendous matter, and' Schcnck may prove to bo anything but a benefactor to bis sex. ATTICUS.- Tho Marine Boards-has received from Downing-street, through the Premier, a copy of the r.ew international code of sig nals drawn up by a committee of the Board of Trade. The present code has been iu existence for tlio past 40 years, and has consequently become somewhat cumber some. It is proposed that the new code shall come into operation on 1st January, 1900, and that after 31st December, 1901, the old code shall be regarded as obsolete. 