[?] CHAPTER XXL— (Continued.) ' The little fool I' shu muttered, under her breath. ' Does sho think I could endure Co sen her nnd Max reconciled in each other ? I would do nn- thing in wj piwer to keop them asunder. In . time he will learn t - forgnt hur, and then my groat love uiUBt win him. In the golden future I will l)n ; Mrs. Max Forrester — not you, my pretty baby-faced Florabel. i , « Ah ! if she were only out of New York City. once beforo, my rosy dreams would lie shattered in -ruins aliouc mp. No, no, my unBUBpectiog littla Florabiil, I will nuke it the business of my life to -keep you and Max apart. ' Let him search the world over to find you — it will be .useless — worse than useless. I will spirit you out ct biB reach. 'The strait my family is in means utter ruin in a few short months. I must make the most of my lengthy visit to the Forresters ; for when the crash Guinea in papa's busineeB, the doom of fashionable society will be closed against me. '.Now is my only chance, and I care for Max.' All night long Inea Clavoring paced the floor of 1 lier room in tho greatest agitation, planning as diabolical a plot an ever entered a woman's brain. She was at the trysting place early to meet Florabel Her victim came at last, and Inez greeted her with a kiRs. Although eager y pressed to coufide to Inez the exact nature of her quarrel with Max, Florabel . ofcaadily refused. ? . _ ? It was quite a revelation to Inez to hear that Max had left her in bitter nnger, vowing ho wiih ! going away, and vowing that he should never look . upon her face agMn, and that she bad gone quietly ' ' . away, bolieving she would be more than unwelcome in Mrs. ForrflBter's home after Max had left; her. Inez never told h*r that Max returned, and, finding her gone and her letter there, was under \- tho impression eho had eloped. It would surely have broken poor, hapless Flora bol'shesrt if BhH had known that. 'You say Max's mother expected him to-d»y?' . ? '-said Florabe', with pitiful oagernesB. ' Did my— 1 ' ».ir ? A',A ha nnnip. Mian Claverincr P' 'Prepare yourself for a little disappointment, 1 Plorabel,' s«d Inez. ' He did not come, but we roceivod a letter from him, and he said ho might ?not return for thrae months ; but bis business often takes him on flying trips to BoBton. Do not. sob so flojeotedly, pretty Florabel. You shall go to Boston, ..'and there you will seo him before many dayc. ' Now my plan is for you to go there and board ' - . . in some quiet place for a few weeks. -If you have ? . not the money, I will loan it to you. I will write ..?'letter to him, telling him you are there, and he .'??will come on at once, I truly beliove.' ' Ob, dearest Inez, how good of you to think nnd .j.1 . plan for me !' sobbed Florabel. ' I could kneel at your feet and worship you. How could I ever have f ' .doubted your friendship!' ? , ABtrange Brail* plnyod about Inez's crimson lipn, ? It was great relief to Inez Covering- when the \- : . . train moved out of tho dop6t, bearing poor FlorabBl ^ ' t»ith it, Imr pretty, tear-stained face pressed close :,, . against Iho pane as bIib waved Inez farewell. V ? ? 'She ia out of hin way,' muttered Inez. 'Now '-I ' , I shall not be in deadly fear each day lest they '' ' . -'meet.' ; (' ,', f That same afternoon Mnx Forrester reachod New ''' . Tork'Oity, as Inez know he would. Mas— handsome Max— looked haggard and|worn. ' u . Ho was n shadow of his former self. . ?;? ' My ton is grieving himBelf to death over the ', ''' Iobs of Florabol,' oighud Mrs. Forrester. 'I would , ,j ?; ffladly tako her back, if but to see my poor son ( 1' ' ? ;., siniloonco again.' Ine& looked nt her aRbair.. . ? „ .„ ? « 'Hehfts not the pride I gavo him credit for if ',., 't, ho could forgive hor— this woman who eloped with ? ' , ,, another.!' cried Inez Clavering. 1.?.'] CHAPTER XXII. ' /:!|7'j A STARTLING DISCOVERY. . . 1 - . Tho netcb afternoon, an Max Forrester wag walk ? ' ' , .jng up »nd«down tW room in deep dejection, the ? ?. '?'- .-curtains parted softly, nnd hi8 mother entered. ? -1 f ' Max:,' she said, hueikity, ' you are wearing , '. ,) your, lifo oat. Will you never bo able to forget 9' .'??' ; An expression of deop pain crossed hia handsome '?- £a.ce. , -. «- No, he nnewnrod, desperately, '.Try ns I will. i, Bover.for » moment am I able to forget s waking or ? ;?. ' -uleopSng, »4on« ar in tho midst of crowds, tho fuoo of Floraboi iaevor beforn me. Despite all, I can \ -not believe my^darling hftB gono— to him. I will ...»(rf believe vt!' ? . «H£ou mutt not brood ovur this miittor, my son, ?' ? -said Mro. Forrostor, laying bar jewelled hand on his fnir,olueteritt# ourJ.fl. 'Constant brooding has do tiironod many adman's roagon. You are my only Bon.Max. If «any thing nhould happen to you, I — v I— should din. TTou must give up the hope of aearohtng out Arthur Hurlhurat and holding him imcoountablo,' sho faltered. _ ' ..... V I wi'l trace him nnd flnd out wnot ho is to ?Florabtfl if ?«- w«ts ?*»' mV 1Ifo«' n0 answered, bittwly. '-He is in-Ifew York, lnothor,' he went .^n, huBKHy. ' T h«vo traced him here. Sooner or llater wo B'oall meet.' ... , „ 'I pray Ho-ven you may not,' answered Mrs. -Forrester, 'firvcntly. _ : The fol\o,v7inir day, as'Mar atppped from a Brosd -wayflftr, the first porcon v?hnm he wot wai Oorald ? .Thorndyko.ltlH old cIIps* friend. : ^. '? V7hy, 'Forresrer,' eaidl Gerald, aghast, ?** bow ^changed yw «rn I I would nob have recognized vou if you 1im«3 not spoken. Como into this cafo. ,1 have-not din«d ynt, and wb will have a talk over ,',oM ttmcB. What do you sayf ' _i 'Certainly,' f-aid Max, loudine the wfty. ' ? ' 'What is -hi« yon write me?' said Max, turn jc-^ nv.rnnM«^:n-hiB friend after they had clve their order, ' about gning to marry one woman whilfl .your hoait was unother'sP Trtto my advice j don t Qn'rnld Tdorndylw flushed ruuVuad then turned; '« PotoVn* tfcakon .all oholoe in (I10 mutter out of iuv handir,' he ropliod, with niwchoBibarrrtssmnnt. ?'The hoirops broke off the oniragDmout with mo, And tko Rirl for whom I wonld have .vnnounood n ? fortune refiue^ mo point blnnk, with snorn nnd ^criBlon, and fch«i Buddtnly dUanpearod. _I have iiean trvioe tn diMovor ii«r wnoreaDouEH.^urBiHUB. Gorafd Wndfko knew his friend's etriob motions of honour too woll to tell him omiotly how . «ho nffair'hnd haoponod. tlndoed, ih wan » aourco of deep annoyance to rocivll tho mntter aiMUl, savo «batpnrtof-troliifcingtnPlorabol. ' No doubt yon censure mo, Forrtoutor., for _*_?_!__ „«« .oiinn t wnii .fnicfitTod to ftnotlinr : but if yon hnd wan MIm Viino you would not lvaVo ? marvelled at lh*t. AVhy, she ?« buiuttful IM b dream, with « farnnty at once pooulinr nnd striking. Her face wan m fait m a lily ; hnr dimpled cheeks like two pink moos, iiud hor eynn-ifc would take n paintor or a poot to (lowribo thorn- hoy wero of a iioh hBKol, wnndnrfully piithofclo, and tho I ttlo hand 'as crowned with a »« of fa?h?*'tF°ltonlm\r. Why, hsavonR, Forrostor ! wh.^t 10 tho matter Y You look no pilo an 1 ghonfcl' ^ ? , 'A ghost of the past has juet risen up to con front me. Do you know, Thorndyke, you have described accurately — my wife ! I did not believe the round world held onelike her. You shall see her picture, and you can judge for yourself. No doubt bat you havo heard my story; the newspapers have airfirt it pretty thoroughly.' 'Yes, I have heard of it,' replied Thorndyke, extending hia hand and graeping that of Max in earnest sympathy ; 'but I hope all will come out right in the eud.' ' Never !' declared Max, firmly. As be epoko be took the portrait from his'breast pocket and Landed it across the table to his friend. One glance, then Gerald Therudyke sprang to hia' feet with a startled cry. (To be continued.) 