THE STORY OF OMDURMAN. FULL ACCOUNT OF THE GREAT BATTLE. The folowing the first full story pub-<*> [?] of the battle of Om-<*> dunnan. It is taken from the London '"Daily .Mail," and is from the pen of Air. <j. \V. f-lcevcns : — Our ••.:nip, lor tlie nighr of i^epteniijcr 1, w.ts in the village of Agaiga.a mile south oi Kcrrori Hill. On our ieit front was another hill, higher, tout single-peaked and rounder —Uebel Surgtani. In front th« ground f.as open for five miles or so— sand and grass, broken by only a few folds —with a croup of hills beyond. The force had formed up in position in tlic afternoon, when the dervishes fol lowed the cavalry home, and bad remained under arms all night; at half-past 5 in the morning, -when the first howitzer-shell from opposite Omtfannan opened the day's work, every man was in his place. The line formed an obtuse angle; the order of brigades and battalions, counting from the left, was the follo?icg:—Second British (Rifle Brigade, Lancashire Fusiliers, Northumberland Fusiliers, Grenadier Guards) ; First British (Wanricks, *sea forths, Camerons, Lincoln's); Second Egyp tian <14tJi, 12th, I3th Sudanese, and Bth Egyptian in support). Ifere came the point of the .angle ; to the right it •Here — FIRST EGYPTIAN BRIGADE (11th, 10th, 9th Sudanese, 2nd Egypu-in supporting); TTiird .Egyptian (4th, 15lh, and 3rd ami 7th Eg>i>Uan. in column on tae right flank). Jhe Fourth Egyptian Brigade (Ist, sth, 17ih, and 18tb Egyptian) van in reserve in the village. Ail U)> Egvption battalions in tlie front trere in their usual formation, with four com panions in line and two in support. The British had six in line and two in support. On the extreme left ■was the 32nd Field Battery; the Maxims and Egyptian ficld guno were mounted at intervals in the in fantry line. Tlie cavalry had cone out at the lirst streak of g,rov, British on the left, as ussia!, Egyptian, with camel-corps and horse battery, from the right moving across our front. The gunboats lay witn steam up off the village. Light stole <juietiy into the sky behind us; there -was no sound from the plain or tlie hills before us; there was hardly a sound from our own line. Everybody was very silent, but very curious. \Vould they be so mad as to come out and run their ! heads into oor fine? It seemed beyond hoping for; yet certainly they had been full of war the day before. But most of us were expecting instantly the order to ad vance on Omdurman. A trooper rose out of the dimness from behind the shoulder of Gebel Surgham, grew larger and plainer, spurred violently up to the line and inside. A couple more were silhouetted across our front. Then the electric whisper came racing down the line; they were coming. The Lancers came in on the left; the Egyptian mounted troops drew lice a. curtain across us from left to right- As they passed a. flicker of white flags began to extend and fill the front in their place. The noise of some thing began to creep in upon us; it cleared and divided into the tap of drums and the far-airay surf of raucous war cries. A SHTVEB OF EXPECTANCY THBILLED along our army, and then a sigh of content. They were coming on. Allah help them, they were coming on. It was non- half-past 6. The flags seemed still very distant, the roar very faint, and the thud of our first gun was almost startl ing. It may have startled them too, but It startled them into life. The line of flag? swung forward, and a mass of white firing linen swung forward with it too. They came very fast and they came very straight; and then presently they came no further. With a crash the bullets leaped out of the British rifles. It began with the Guards and Wanricks —section volleys at 2,000 yards: then cis the dervishes edged nghtward, it ran along to the Highlanders, the Lincolns, and to Maxwell's Brigade. The British stood up in double rank benind their zariba; the blacks lay down in their shelter trench; both poured out death aa fast as they could load and press trigger. Shrapnel whistled and Maxim growled savagely. From all the line came perpetual Are, fire, fire, and shrieked forth in great gusts of destruction. And the enemy? No white trooper would have faced that torrent of death for five minutes, but tbe Baggara and tlie blacks came on. The torrent swept into them and hurled them down in whole com panies. Yon saw a rigid line gather it self up and rush on evenly-; then before a, shrapnel shell or a. Maxim the line sud denly quivered and stooped. The line was yet unbroken, but it was quite still. But other lines gathered ap again, again, and yet again; they went down, and yet others rushed on. Sometimes they came near enough to see single figures quite plainly. One old man with a. whine flag started with five comrades; all dropped, but he atone came bounding forward to wUhin 200 yards of the 14th Soudanese. Then he folded his AIDS ACROSS H3B FACE, and his limbs loosened, and he dropped sprawling to earth beside his flag. It was the last day of jnahdism, and the greatest. They could never get near and they refused to hold back. T>y now the ground before us was all white with dead men's drapery. Rifles grew red-hot; the soldiers seized them by the slings and dragged them back to the reserve to change for cool ones. It was not a battle, but an execution. In tbe middle of it all you were enr prised to find that we were losing men. The crash of our own fire was so prodi gious that we could not hear their bullets w-hisUe; yet they came and swooped down and found victims. The dervishes were firing at their extreme range, and tbeir bullets were many of them almost spent; but as they alwavft fire "high they often hit. So that uiiile you might have thought you were at a «boot of rabbits, you suddenly beard the sharp cry—"Bearer party there, quick," and a man was being borne rear ward. Few went down, but there was a fteadv trickle to hospital. Bullets may have been spent, and Captain Caldecot, of tbe Wanricks, was one of the strongest men in the army: bat that helped him no thing wnen the dropping ball took him in tbe temple and came out through the jugular. He lay an hour unconscious, : then opened his eyes whh—"For God's ! sake, give me water!" and died as he j drank. Most of all the two Highland bat talions dropped men. The zariba behind which they w*re unwisely posted obliged them to stand, besides hampering them both in fire and when it rime to move ment: a little dump of enemy gathered in a bole in front of them and by the CCKS OAME UP TO SHELL them out tbe Camerons bad lost tome 25, and the Seaforths above a dozen. But loss on this scale was not to be con sidered beside the ,awful slaughter of the dervishes. If they still came on our men needed only time and ammunition and strength to point a rifle to kill them off to the very last man. Only by now—small •wonder —they were not tomiirp un. They were not driven back: they were all killed in coining on. One section of lire after an other bushed, and at S o'clock tbe village and tbe plain were still again. The last shell bad burst over the last visible group of dervishes: now there was nothing but the unbending, primly-expectant line be fore Agaiga, and the still carpet of. white in front. \V> waited half an hour or so. and then the sudden bugle called us to our feet. "Advance," it cried; "to Omdurman" added we. Slowly the force broke up and expanded. The evident intention was to march in brigades in echelon—the Second British leading along the river, the First British on their right rear, tlien Maxwell's, Lewis's, and Macdonald's, with Collinson's still supporting. Lewis and MacdonaM had changed places, tfoe latter being now outermost and rearmost; at the time lew noticed that. The moment the dervish attack bad (died dou~n the 21st Lancers h.ij slipped out and pushed straight for the Khalifa's capital. Movement was slow, since the leading brigade had to wait till the others had gone far enough inland to take their positions. \\\> jias-^a over a corner of the iield *>f tire and saw for certain what awful slaughter we had done. The bodies were not in heaps; bodies hardly ever are; buc ' SPREAD EVENLY OVER ACRES and acres. And it was very rennrkahle. if you remembered the Atbara, that you saw hardly a blaik: nearly all the dead had, the high forehead and taper cheek* of the Arab. The Baggara had been met at last, and he was worth meeting. Some lay very .omposedly. with their slippers placed under rneir heads for a last pillow; some knelt, cut- cohort in the middle of a last prayer. Others were torn to pieces, vermilion blood already drying on brown fkin. killed instantly beyond doubt. Others, again, soeminply as d^ad a? thp*c. t=j>r.in<; up as we approached auxl rushed savac*-!y. hurJius *i'i'jrs at the nearest enoruy. They, wore bayoneted or sh«K. Once again the plain sootned empty, bat for the advanc ing masses and the r-*rpeL of reddened ■white and broken b.viics underfo.it. It was now 20 minute? to 10. The British hud cre?=tr>d a low rid go between fiebol Surc+iam and the Nile: MaxweU'a bngade was' just turyndiTif it, Lewis's jnat coming up under the hill. Men who could go where they liked were up with the Bri tish, staring hungrily at Onidnrman. Sud denly from rearward broke out a heavy crackle of fire. We thought perhaps a dozen ni?n or so hail been shamming dead; w went on starins at OmJurman. But ?ic\t instant we had to turn and gal loj.isi li it-heeled back again. l""r \ho rrj/kle Ix?md)c a c-mohing, and tlie crash ing waxed to a roar. Dervishes were firing a>. us from die top of Gebel Surgham, der vishes were firing behind and to the right oi it. The 13ph Sudanese were bounding up tlie hill, Lewis's brigade had hastily faced to its right westward, and was vol leying for life; Macdonald's beyond, still facing northward, was a sheet of flashes and a roll of smoke. What was it? Had they come to life again ? No time to a«k; reinforcements or ghosts, they were on us, and the battle was begun all again. To understand, you must hear now what we only heard afterwards. The dervisih army, it appeared, had not returned to Omdurman on the night of the Ist, but had bivouacked—4o,ooo to 50,000 of them—be hind Gebel Surgham, south-westward from Agaijra. The Khalifa had doubtless ex pected a sudden attack at daybreak, as at Firket, at Abu Homed, on the Atbara; as we marched by night to our positions be fore Omdurman he must have designed to spring upon our right flank. When day broke and no enemy appeared he divided his army into three corps. The firat,under Osman Azrak. attacked the village; the second, with the green banner of Ali Wad Helu—with him Abdullahi'j eldest eon, the Sheik-ed-Din — moved towards Kerreri Heights to envelop our rigLt; the third, under Abdullahi himself and his brother Yakub, remained behind Surgham ready, as need might be, to envelop our left, or to act as reserve and bar our road to Om durman. What befell the first you know; Osman Azrak died with them. The second spread out towards our right, and there it fell in wuh the Egyptian cavalry, horse l?attery, and camel corps. When Broadwood Bey fell back before the attack he sent word of its coming to the Sirdar, and receiving orders to remain outside the trench and keep the enemy in front, instead of letting them get round the ripht. Accordingly he occu pied tbe heiehts of Kenvri. But the mo ment he got to tlie top he found himself in face of Wad Helu's unsuspected army corps—l2.ooo to 15,000 men against less than 2.ooU—and the moment he saw them they began swarming up the hill. There was JCST A MOMENT for decision, but one moment is all that a born cavalry general needs. Tbe next his galloper was nying with the news to the Sirdar, and the mounted troops -were re treating northward. The choice lay be tween isolation, annihilation, or retreat on Agaiga and envelopment on the right. Broadwood chose the first: but even for that the time was short enough. The camels floundered on the rocky hillside; the guns dragged; the whole mass of der vishes pursued them with a pelting fire, iwo pins lost all their horses and were abandoned; the camel corps alone had over 60 men hit. As for tbe cavalry, they went back very hard pressed covering their comrades' retreat ana their own by carbine lire. If the Egyptian army but gave Vic toria Crosses there were many earned that day. Man after man rode back to bring in dismounted officers, and would hardly be dissuaded from "their endeavor when it was seen the rescued trere plainly dead, xt was the great day of trial —the day the pick of our cavalry officers had worked for through a weary decade and more—and the Fayum fellah fought like a hero and died like a man. One or two short of 40 killed and wounded was the day's loss; but they came off handsomely, tfhe army of tne green flag was now on Kerreri heights, between them and the camp; but witn BroaAwood's force unbroken behind it, it paused from the meditated attack on the Egyptian right. In the pause three of the four gunboats caught it, and pepper castored it over with shell and Maxim fire. It withdrew from the river towards the centre again; the instant a way was cleared the out-paced camel corps was passed back to Agaiga. Ifce cavalry hung upon the green flag's left till they withdrew clean southward and inland; then it moved pla cidly back to the infantry again. Thus much for the right: on the left the British cavalry were in the stress of an engagement, less perfectly conducted, even more hardily fought out. They left the zariba, as yon heard, THE MOMENT THE ATTACK burned out, and pricked eagerly off to Omdurman. Verging somewhat 'westward, to the rear of Gebel Surgham, they cam* on some 300 dervishes. Their scouts had been over the ground a thousand yards ahead of them, and it was clear for ? charge. Only to cut them off it was thought better to get a little west of them, then left wheel, and thus gallop down on them and drive them away from their supports. Tlie trumpets sang out the or der, the troops glided into line, and, four squadrons in column, the 21st Lancers swung into their first charge. Knee to knee, they swept on till they were but 300 yards from the enemy, then snddenlv—then in a flash—they saw th« trap. Between them and the 300 there yawned suddenly a deep ravine; out of th« ravine there sprang instantly a cloud of dark heads and a brandished lightning of swords and a thunder of savage voice*. Mahmud smiled when he heard the tale in prison at Haifa and said it was their favorite stratagem. It had succeeded. Three thousand, if tnere was one, to a short five hundred; but it was too late to check now. Must ko through with it now. The blun ders of British cavalry are the fertile seed of British glory—knee to knee the Lancers wtiried on. One hundred yards—fifty— knee to knee Slap ! "It was just like that," said a cap tain, bringing his fist hard into his open palm. Through the swordsmen tne> shore without checking—and then came the khor. The coloVel at their head, riding straight through'everything withontswora or revolver drawn, found his horse on it* head and the swords swooping about hi* own. He got the charger up again and rode on straight, unarmed, through every thing. The squadrons followed him down the fall. Horses plunged, blundered, re covered, fell; dervishes on the ground lay for the hamstringing cut ; OFFICEBS IMSTOLLED THEM, in passing over, as one drops c stone into a bucket; troopers thrust till lances broke, then cut; everybody went on straight through everything. And through everything dean out the otfcr side'they came—those tiiat kept up or got up in time. The others were on the ground—in pieces by now. for the cruel swords shore throupfa shoulder and thigh, and carved the dead into fillets. Twenty four of these, and of those that came out 7* had felt sword or bullet or spear. Few horses stayed behind among the swords, but nearly 130 were wounded, lieutenant Robert UrenfeH's troop came on a place with a jump out as well as a jump in; it lost officer, centre guide, and both flank guides, 10 killed, and 11 wounded. Yel. w-hen tlhey burst £tragghng out their only thought was to rally and go in again. "Rally, Xt). 2." yelled a sergeant so roan frfed across tiie face that his body was a cascade of blood, anil nose and cheeks flapped hideously as he yelled. "Fall out, sergeant, you're wounded,*' said the sub altern of his Troop. "No, no, sir: fall in.'' came tlie hoarse answer: and the man reeled in his saddle. '"Fall in. No. 2; fall in Where are the devils? Show me the devils."' And No. 2 fell in—four whole men out of thirty. They c-iia/ed and stamped and blas phemed to go through them again, though the colonel wisely forbade them to f.ice the Jilt anew. There Mere gna.shings of icirth and howls of speechless rage—things half theatrical, half brutal to tell of when blood lias cooled, yet t&inirs; to rejoice over, in that they riiow the fighting devil has not, after all, been civilised out of Britons. Arso, rherp were many a&d; many DEEDS OF SELF- ABANDONING heroism; of which tale the half will never be told. Take only one. Lieutenant De Mon^orenvy missed his troop-sergeant and rode back among the flashes to look lor him. There he found the hacked body of Lieutenant Grenfcll. He dismounted and put i: uj> on his horse, not seeiug in liis heat, that life had drained out long simv by a dozen channels. The horse bolted under tiie slackened muscles, and Do ildntmorenty was left alone with his revolver iind 3.000 screaming fiends. Tap lain Kenn.l and Corporal Swarhrick rode «ut. cjujrht his horse, and brought it back; Uk? three answered the tire of the 3,000 at t'Jiy yards and got quietly back to their own line untouched. ForiH-aring a second charge the Lancers dismounted and opened fire: tbe carbines at short range took an opulent vengeance for t-ie lost. Back. bat*, back they drove then), till they came into the fire of ihe 32nd Battery. Then shrapnel flew shriek ing over tuem: the 3,001) fell aJI ways and diid. All this from hearsay: now to (to back to -winit he saw. When tfhc Simlar moved his brigades southward he knew what he was doinp. He was giving his right, to an unbeaten enemy. -?ith his usual daring he mad* it <w- His game now was to get between the dervishes and Omdurman. Perhaps he did not guess what a bellyful of beating the unbeaten onemy would take: but he trusted ro his generals and his --tar, and, as jhv.iyr., they bore him to victory. The black< of the 15rh Battalion were storming <;<"hei Surgliam. I^eH-iN and ilac donald, fating west and south, had lorcned a risht angle. They were beceivim; Tin: hue oi rue Khalifa's divisiou, and the change of the Khalifa's horsemen; behind these the Khalifa's huge black standard was flapping raven-like. The Bag?ara horsemen were few and ill- mounted —perhaps 200 al together—but they rode to get home or die. They died. There -was a lime when one galloping Baggara -would hare chased a thousand Egyptians; but that time is very long past. The fellaheen stood like a wall and aimed steadily, at the word the <%ararers swerved towards Macdonald. The blacks, a? cool as any Scotchmen, stood and aimed likewise; the last Baggara fell at tSie muzzles of the rifles. Our fire went on, steady, remorseless. The Reming ton bullets piped more and more rarely overhead, and the black heads thinned out in front. A second time the attack guttered and flickered out. It was just past 10; once more, to Oudunnan. Two minutes' silence. Then once more (he howling storm rushed down upon us; once more crashed forth the answering tempest. Tliis time it burst upon Mac donald alone — from die north-westward upon <his right flank, spreading and gather ing to his right rear. For all their sudden swiftness of movement the dervishes throughout this day never lost their for mation; their lines drove on as rigidly as ours, regiment alongside regiment in lines at six and eight and a dozen ranks till you might have fancied the Macedonian phalanx was alive again. Left and front and right and rear the massK ate up the desert—l2,ooo unbroken, fast, and fearless ■warriors leaping round 3,000. Xow began the fiercest fipht oF that fierce day. The Khalifa brought up his own black banner again; his staunrhe^t die- hards drove it into the earth and locked their ranks about it. The green flag danced en couragement to ttt Allah-intosicated bat talions of Wad liclu and the i?heikh-e<l- Din. It was victory or Paradise now. For us it was victors- or shredded flesh and bones, unburied, crackling under the red slippers of Baggara victors. It was the very crux and crisis of the 6ght If Macdonald went, Lewis on his left and Collin?on and the supporting camel corps and the newly returned cavalry, all on^his right or rear, must all go too. The Second British and Second Egyptian Brigades were far off by now, advancing by the left of Surgham Hill; if they had to be recalled The Khalifa could walk back into bis stronghold, and then ail our fighting was to begin anew. But Hunter Pasha was there, and Macdonald Bey -was there, born fight ing men botn, -whom no danger can flurry and no sadden shift in the kaleidoscope of battle disconcert. Hunter sent for Wan coope's First British Brigade to fill the gap between Macdonald and Lewis. The order went to General Catacre first instead of to the Sirdar; with the soldier's instinct he set the brigade moving on the instant. The khaki columns faced round and edged nghtward, riehtward. till the fighting line •was backed with 3,000 Lee-Mctfords, which oo man on earth could face and lire. Later the Lincolns were moved further still on to j Macdonald's right. They dispute with the Warwicks the tiue of the best shooting re giment in the British army; the men they shot at will dispute no claim of THE UXOOLKS FOR EVER. But the cockpit of the fight was Mac donald's. The British might avenge his brigade; it was his to keep it and to kill off the attack. To meet it he turned his front through a complete half-circle, facing successively south, west, and north. Every tactician in the army was delirious in his praise; the ignorant correspondent was content to watch the man and his blacks. "Cool as on parade," is an aid phrase; Macdonald Bey was very much cocker. Be neath Hie strong, square-hewn face you could teafl that the brain was working as if packed in ice. He sat polid on his horse and bent his black brows towards the green flag and the Remingtons. Then he turned to a galloper with an order, and cantered easily up to a battalion comman der. Magically the rifles hushed, the stinging powder smoke wisped away, and the battalions were rapidly threading back and forward, round and round, in and out, as if it were a figure of a dance. In two j minutes the brigade was together again in j a: new place. The field in front was hasten ing towards us in a whitey-brown cloud of dervishes. An order. Macdonald's jaws gripped and hardened as the flame spurted out again, and the whrtev-brown cloud quivered and stood still, lie saw every thing; knew what to do; knew how to do it; did it. At the fire he was ever brood ing watchfully behind his firing line; at the cease fire he was instantly in front of it; aH saw him, and knew that they were be ing nursed to triumph. His blacks of the 9th, 10th, and lltlh, the historic fighting regiments of the Egvptua army, were worthy of their chief. The 2nd Egyptian, brigaded with them and fighting in the line, were worthy of their comrades and of their own reputation as the BEST DISCIPLINED BATTALION in the world. A few had feared that the blacks would be too forward, me yellow* too backward; except that the blacks as always, rooked happier, there was no dif ference at all between them. The Egyp tians sprang to the advance at the bugle- S toe Sudanese ceased fire in an instant silence at the bugle. They were losing men, too. for though eye* 'were clamped on the uerWh charges, Ac dervish fire was brisk. Man after man dropped out behind tlie firing line. Here was a white officer widi a red-lathered charger; there a black stretched straight, bare-headed in the sun, dry-lipped, uncomplaining, a bul let through his liver; two yards away a dead driver by a dead battery mule, "his whip a-till glued in hand. The table of loss had topped 100—150—neared "200. fiull they stood, fired, advanced, fired, changed front, fired—tiring, firing alway.-,, deaf in the din, blind in the smarting cmoke, hot, dry, bleeding, bloodthirsty, enduring the devilish fight to the end. And tfce dervishes? The honor of the fight must «till go with the men w'io died. Our men were perfect, but the dervishes were superb—beyond perfection. It was their largest, best, and bravest army that ever fought against us for Mahdistn, and it diediwortmjy of the huge «mpire ihat Mahdism won and kept so lone. Their riflemen, mangled by every kind of death and torment chat man can devise, clung round the black flag and the green, empty ing their poor, rotten, home-made cart ridges dauntlessly. Their spearmen charged death at every minute hopelessly. Their iiorsemen led each attack, riding in to the bullets till nothing wan left but three homes trotting up to our line, heads down, saying—"'For goodness' sake, let us in out of t*hi«." Not one rush, or two, or ten—but rush on rush, company on com pany, never stuvpini:. Though all their j view that was not. uju?Jiaken enemy was the bodies erf the men -who had rushed be fore them. A dusky line got up and stormed forward—it bent, broke up, i KEIA. APAiCr, ASD MSAPPEARKD. j Before i'm> smoke had cleared another line was bending and storming toward in the same track. It was over. The avenging squadrons of tlie Egyptian cava'rv swept over the field. T).e Kiia'ifa and tlie .<heikh-ed-I?n had falloped back to Omdunnaii, .Mi Wad li'lu was borne away on an angarch with a bullet through his thigh-bone. Yakub la> dead under his brother's banner. From the green army tbere now came only death cnamored desperadoes, strolling one by one towards the rifles, pausing to shake a spear, turning aside to recognise a corpse, men naught iiv a Midden jet of inrv, (founding forward, cherksnff. sinking limply to the ground. Xow under the black nag in a rise of bodies stood three mm faring the three thousand of the Third Brigade. They folded their arms about the staff and gazed steadily forward. Two tell. The last dervish stood up and tilled his chest; he shouted the name of his god and hurled his spear. Then he stood quite aril!, waiiinjr. It took him full : he quivered, gave at The knees, and toppled with his livad on his arms and his face towards the legions of his conquerors. 