FRANCE AND RUSSIA VERSUS ENGLAND. Mr. Geo. Craig, a well-known writer on military affairs, contributes to the "Maitland Mercury" the following :—Never in history has the right arm of the United Kingdom been afraid of France when she really wanted to fight. The British Empire is not afraid of her now. It is always open to smoke the pipe of peace with the gallant sons of France, but if she "wants to fight" upon trumpery or important grounds let her say so. I get monthly statements of the relative or comparative strength of the naval powers of Europe, and M. Biard de Aunet is perfectly right when he says that M. Lockroy in July last had resolved to strengthen both the Northern and Levantine fleets by increasing them with battleships and cruisers in an up to date style. For what ? To suit an invasion of England and to cope with the British fleets of Admiral Sir John Hopkins in the Levant, or Sir H. T. Stephenson in the channel. But the worthy French Consul- General, nor the Russian Consul in Sydney, must seek through the Press to disabuse the colonial mind with regard to the real intentions of France and Russia against England. We expected these hostile countries to strike the first blow long ago, and Australians are not likely to be put off their guard in these days of sham peace conventions and treacherous advice of dis- armament. When we rend the letters and private life of the two or triple- faced Bismarck, we are prepared to receive his ghost in Mouravieff. It is a fine thing to make his sovereign preach pence, whilst he at the same time visits Paris to urge on a war with England over Fashoda, assisted by the ships, guns, and troops of Russia. Dr. Busch—Bismarck's Boswell—tells us not to trust European statesmen. Nothing will make them honest statesmen but the power- ful blows of England and her allies. I have just taken down the oleograph of Bismarck from the wall ; and the German Club can have it for nothing, if they toast our Queen and the donor ! I write this to arouse apathetic Australia. But in the meantime, no matter how suddenly war comes, the Royal Navy, with their true eyes behind the guns, will give a good account of the com- bined fleet. But to meet the unexpected in war, it is wise to be ready in the colonies. AN OLD MUSICAL RESIDENT.—Professor Alfred Cobby has come before the Queens- land public with a beautiful setting of the words "The holy happy rest," in respectful memory of the late Premier, Mr. Byrnes. It has been described by the Brisbane Courier as devotional and sympathetic. Before long Mr. Cobby will bring out "The angel's psalm," composed in Tenterfield at Mr. Irby's organ nearly 17 years ago. The words are Miss Adelaide Proctor's famous "Seated one day at the organ," which Sir Arthur Sullivan has made familiar as "The lost chord." The composer sends us a memo, interesting to musicians, of the different keys or chords struck between the first and 108th bars of his composition.—Tenterfield Star. DAIRIES SUPERVISION ACT.—At Lismore last week a number of dairymen were fined for not reporting to the authorities that measles had broken out on their premises. It appears that the Act imposes a penalty of not exceeding £20 on registered dairymen who do not report the appearance of infec- tious diseases on their premises. No doubt the dairymen who were prosecuted were unaware, like many others, of this provision in the Act ; but it would be as well for others to take warning, lest they also be proceeded against. Measles are prevalent in the northern districts at present, and they are as liable to get into the families of registered dairymen as elsewhere, and to avoid further trouble it would be advis- able that their existence be at once reported. HOSPITAL SUNDAY.—The collections made on Saturday and Sunday of last week in aid of the Melbourne charities amount to £3685. Since the Hospital Sunday collections became an established institution, 25 years ago, they have yielded the charities;£180,000. In the first year the amount collected was £3010 ; ten years later nearly double that sum was received ; and high water mark was reached in 1888, when the total was £12,482. Between that year and 1895 the receipts gradually diminished, falling as low as £4000. Then a slight improvement set in, followed by a further fall when the effects of bad seasons and scarcity of employment became felt. This year Presbyterians con- tributed £1110, Church of England £880, Roman Catholic £574, Congregational £230, Wesleyan £207, Baptist £176. "WHAT CAUSES THE HEAT" is the heading in the "Daily Mail" of September 9 to the following telegram from Paris in connection with the extraordinary heat wave which recently passed over Britain and France :—"M. Flammarion, the well- known astronomer, made a special examina- tion of the sun to-day at the Juvisy Observatory, and found that there was a gigantic spot upon its surface at the present time. The diameter of this spot is no less than 50,000 miles, and it is altogether six times as large as the earth's surface. This spot, which is perfectly visible to the naked eye through smoked glass, appears to be causing a violent perturbation of the solar surface. Adjoining it are other spots constituting altogether a colossal group, the length of which is more than 130,000 miles. This phenomenon, M. Flammarion says, is the more remarkable from the fact that the sun is approaching the minimum in the scale of its activity. He therefore concludes that some revolution of an extraordinary character is going on, and that this causes the intense heat now prevalent. 