The Catholic World at Large- (From Our Contemporaries.) A Scientific Work. — The fifth volume of the interesting series of observations and astronomical notes commenced by the late Father Denza, S.J., will shortly be published by the VUUl II11SS1UI1 Ul' LUC VctLiUclU UUbClVtl- tory. It is a large quarto volume of 800 pages, with nine beautiful plates, one of them representing the nebulae known to , astronomers as the " whale," being a most exact repro duction obtained after ten hours by a complicated photographic process. This photogravure is of special im portance, as it proves beyond all doubt that the nebulae in question belong to the order of spiral nebulae, a fact hitherto unknown. New Appointments.; — The two grand-nephews of St. Peter Fourier (who was canonized last year) have received the insignia of Knights of fhp> Ordpr nf .t. (reonrv tbp Carpal. Messrs. Anthony and Paul de Roziere de Mirecourt had the rare privilege of being present" at the canonization ceremony of their saintly relative, and on that occasion distinguished themselves both by their piety and by the generosity with which they con tributed towards the expenses of the costly functions in honour of their great ancestor. The Rev. Dr. Prior, Rector of the new College of St. Bede for the education of converts who aspire to the priesthood, will shortly be made a private Chamberlain to the Holy Father. Glencoe. — Glencoe, the scene of the atrocious massacre of the Mac- donalds by the Royal troops of Wil liam of Orange (1692) possesses a small Catholic Chapel dedicated to St. Munn, an Irish saint, and there is a priest in residence there since January, 1898. The Catholics are but few, and cannot afford to main tain their priest. A Sign of the Times. — The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Mathew, and Mr. Justice Day, in their judicial robes,' and a number of Catholic barristers, i ncludin g Mr . Arthu r O' Connor , M .'P . , attended a Votive Mass of the Holy Ghost at the Sardinian Chapel, Lin coln's Inn Fields, on October 28, prior to the opening of the Michael mas Sittings at the Law Courts. Father Fitzgerald, rector of the Mission of St. Ann and St. Cecilia, was the celebrant, and His Eminence Cardinal Vaughan was present. The altar was decorated with red flowers, and the church was thronged during the ceremony. An Acknowledgment. — At a late "meeting of the Glasgow Free Pres bytery, one of the speakers spoke of the Catholic Church as being the only power- able to deal with the masses of the poor e\ ery where. The explanation of all this is to be found in the only true definition of what the Church of Christ is — namely, " all the faithful under One Head " — also in the fact that the Catholic priest is, from the very nature of the case, " one teaching with authority and not as the Scribes and Pharisees " (St. Matthew). God's Church is one, whereas the name of the sects is " legion." Re-opening of St. Teresa's Church. — The formal re-opening of St. Teresa's Church, Clarendon- street, Dublin, recently took place. The Very Rev. P. Keating, S.J.. preached a most eloquent panegyric of St. Teresa, the patron saint of the Community. He said that the Order of Mount Carmel was one of the most ancient in the Church. It was founded in 1150 by a holy monk who followed, the first Crusaders into Italy. It was now 270 years since the friars of St. Teresa came to this country, and during the terrible persecutions they were always to be found aiding those who were suffer ing for the faith. They were branded as outlaws ; a price was set on their head, and their blood flowed in com mon with the blood of their flock. Near Longford at present a tree was. pointed out where the Carmelites were hanged. This church had its own historic reminiscences. To this church — not the beautiful place it was to-day, but with plain white washed walls — O'Connell, during the struggle for Catholic Emancipation, used to come and pray to gain light. Priest and Composer. — It will probably not be long before England makes the acquaintance of the works of Don Perosi, who, if report speak truly, is destined to become one of the greatest composers of the future. It is hoped that some of his music may be performed here at one of the autumn festivals of next season. He is a Venetian, in holy orders. Musi cal amateurs and critics will remem ber the striking success recently achieved at Venice by his oratorios, " The Resurrection of Lazarus," and " The Transfiguration." He is now about to produce a more ambitious work, entitled " The Resurrection of Christ," which has just been sub mitted at Bologna to a few connois- seurs, who have pronounced it exqui site in melody, full of colour, digni fied, and powerful. The text 'is taken from St. Matthew, and the most beautiful portions of the score are said to be a quartet between the holy women," a duet of angels-, and the music assigned to Mary Magda len. Several orchestral pieces are also exceptionally fine, as is the final chorus. Don Perosi is as modest as he is talented. It is no uncommon thing for him to sit down at his piano and compose forthwith the greater part of an intricate Mass for the benefit of a few friends, or to illus trate some particular idea, but so little does he think of his own creations that he usually lets these delicious inspirations slip , without making any attempt to record them on paper. " Oh, that is only a little thing f' he will say. So rapidly does he work, when once pleased with an idea, that he finished the oratorio described above — vocal parts and full orchestration — in forty-two days. His fellow- countrymen are naturally proud to think that Italy is preparing to give the world another great musician. . The Clergy in the Philip pines. — The character of the natives of the Philippines, now that the Go vernment of the United States is seeking to obtain control of the islands, is much discussed in Ameri can journals. As usual, the inter view plays an important part in sup plying the materials for forming opinion, and everyone who can speak with any knowledge of the Filipinos ' is pressed by the eager reporters to give his thoughts to the public. General Merritt, on arriving in Paris from Manila, delivered him self to a representative of the New York Herald. The General, who told manifestly' without prejudice what he had heard during his short sojourn at Manila, stated that the people are much attached to their own native priests and the Jesuits. Again and again General Merritt as serted that the Jesuits had been great benefactors to them. Through the exertions of Jesuit priests they have their observatories, as well as astronomers, and professional men who bear favourable comparison with those of other countries. But, said the General, the other orders are bitterly hated because of their aggressions and oppressions. He had heard stories to the effect that the members of these orders were immoral. Of this he knew nothing himself; he was simply retailing common report. It has been well said that common report is a com mon liar, and the dictum applies in this instance with peculiar, force. General Merritt acknowledged that the Filippinos are accused of having no gratitude, and some people have gone so far as to say that the) have no expression in their language for the phrase " thank you." As the Archbishop of Manila declared to a representative of the Chicai/o Record, the religious orders whom they now slander raised them frpm savagery, , V educated them, and planted amongst them industries that are the sources of prosperity. The falsehoods with regard to the religious are circulated because they have been ardent in opposing revolution and anarchy. ' The Murdered Priest of St. Patrice. — Monsignor Renou, Arch bishop of Tours, presided at the funeral service of the Abbe Fleurat, who, three days before had, with his servant, been murdered in his pres bytery. The Abbe Fleurat had been between forty and fifty years parish priest of St. Patrice, and he not only had no enemies, but was universally respected and beloved. On the even ing of the murder he had presided at the Office ot the Kosary in the pansn church and had given Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. He was re turning home and in the act of enter ing his house, when he was struck down. In the priest's bedroom up stairs the servant was found dead, lying in her blood. She had been in the act of arranging her master's bed for the night when struck. The vil lage of St. Patrice before this event was hardly known to French people beyond the Department of the Indre et Loire. It is better known to Irish tourists and pilgrims in France. Na tives of the Emerald Isle often find their way thither, the spot, as its name indicates, being dedicated to the patron of Ireland. They go there to see St. Patrick's Thorn, a hawthorn bush which, blossoms at Christmas. History says that St. Patrick preached the Gospel in this part of France, and tradition says that one day the saint having swam across the Loire, on reaching the other side placed his pilgrim's staff in the earth and hun£ upon it his wet mantle to dry. Tradition goes on to say that it was Christmas time, that there was a hawthorn bush close by which be came at once covered with' white blossoms, and that this bush has con tinued to blossom in mid-winter until now. The present year will prove no exception, for St. Patrick's Thorn is already covered with buds. It is on the estate of the Marquis de Ses- maisons, just outside the village. 