LAWYER THRIFTWELL'S AMBITION. "Thoro Is no help for it,. Oswald, the olu plueo must go— not that I mliul so much for myself," the girl suld, strug gling to restrain lier emotion, "hut the blow will ho dreadful for father." The tears stood In her large, sympathetic bine eyes. "If only iny people had not had such foolish class prejudices. Nora." replied the young man. "and hud placed me In commerce1, who knows, perhaps I should u 1 1 1 i v e been micm a useless adviser? As It Is, u struggling barrister, to whom briefs are Hue the angel's visits of the pool— few and far Imtwecn— with n wretched yearly pittance of 1.300, what can l do? Bali, poverty, believe me, not trade, Is the lowering factor In the sum of dally life." "Don't Oswald, tall; like thai; there Is the pride of race, tin? fact of being a gentleman, whieh surely Is something. "If you think so. Nora, I am content.; yet Hie feeling of my helplessness is .very gaUlng." "We must hear our troubles" she re turned. Father has, perhaps, been im provident; but It seines a curse In the family, ami for generations the estates have Ixam diminishing, while the style of. living and expenditure have known no decrease. .My In-other objected to breaking the entail on tin- hall when hu was 2J. but my father's embarrass- meat admitted of no compromise. Mr Thrlftwell would not advance money unless the entail was broken. "My mother gave way, hut he and my father quarrelled over the mailer, and ltalph left England to make muney, he Bald, to save tin- old place from going out of the family. I know my father turn never forgiven him, never will hear IiJh name. I believe my brother has .written to Mr Thrlftwell. 1 am sure It was from him father heard that ltalph bad disgraced himself by talcing a store in California— at least, father InsistH thnt it Is disgracing himself. We have nover heard from blur, you know 1 was a baby In arms when he lefl. Yes, It Is'now close on twenty years ago. "Father at the time borrowed money on mortgage; he always fancied, or ' tried lo fancy, there would he some way of saving to pay oil' the money, hut you know landed property has depre ciated in value, and Mr Thrlftwell has given notice or foreclosing. To-day Is tho last day of the notice. To-morrow Moor Hull will no longer he ours, and .we shall have to leave here." Nora Lacy and her lover were talking on the oldfashloned terrace that run along in front of the hall. House aud gardens had a sadly mournful air of old-time grandeur, wldeh conjured tip to the mind's eye visions of a prosper ous past. "I must go In to my father, Oswald; I ought not to have left him so long." When the girl entered . the library, where she had left her father pondering over old deeds and settlements, she found that the old initn had fallen to Bleep from sheer weariness, lie started up disturbed as she entered. "Nora," ho ejaculated, excitedly. " I have Just been dreaming that Ralph had returned to save us; I saw him so distinctly." This was tho first lime for twenty years Mr Lucy had mentioned his son's ;Who can toll to what extent our lives nnd characters are influenced by fortui- tons circumstances? Had. not Mr Thrlftwell been brought up uuder the shadow of Moor Kali, will) nil the temptations to exorbitant gain which the extravagances of Mr Lacy threw in his way, perhaps his nilud, content with his ordinary Inisi- iiokh avocation, would not gradually have expanded Its alms till at lasl the "one-absorbing Idea of his existence be came to he himself master of Moor Kail nnd to leave to his sou the position of a country gentleman. While Nora and Oswald were talking on tho terrace the old lawyer was bus ily engrossed in going over business papers lu his house, which stood In the village ut u little distance from the hall gales. This afternoon ho had sent out both clerks on errands which would delay them for some hours, tuid even the mnld-of -all-work had been despatched to thu country town on some household business which her master had sudden ly discovered to Ikj Imperative. .The lawyer was alone lu the house where the Thrli'twells— as solicitors and agents lo thu Lucys— had resided for four generations. The house was old, lmt Mr Thrlftwell determined ilmt no property of his should deteriorate In value; he had had It'purtly rebuilt, anil as the ground lay low,, hu had a low subterranean cellar excavated under the whole place, with ventilators for the circulation of air. The cellar was very low, so low that a man could Scarcely crawl along It ou ult fours. By this Improvement he fan cied that, for it lime, lie could defy the very rot which seemed Inherent to the plnce, and produced a mouldy, decaying siuull. This afternoon the lawyer re ferred. constantly to a tJiae- tiihle, and thou, glancing at the c;ock, opened a cupboard, .where «. decanter of port aud some glasses were arranged on a tray. Ills hard, determined face showed that even lie was at times subject lo etno- . tlou. Tiiuo passed rapidly, the ambition of Ms life was at the point of being (ult'.ll- od. Moor I lull — of whk-h'ln reality he was the solo mortgagee, though in tho actual papers several other names tig- ired— would at last tic his. Was he In his excitement, going lo imheml aud ac tually drink his own health? Wh»in tell? for a ring at the oflicc hell caused him quickly to close the cupboard; and »h he was alone In (he house he had to answer the summons. ; H. Mr Lacy was not an early riser. His daughter, who slept lu the room next (o his, had. heard Ititit moving about sev eral times Jn the night which followed the above narrated incidents, and was pleased when Kite opened Ids door, as she was going downstairs the next morning, lo notice that he was sound nslcep. Tills morning would, probably, bring the news that Moor Hall had passed from his to'othcr hands. The servants hud nn appearance of respect ful sympathy. In a country places there b»' no secrecy, nnd Nora felt that her father's misfortunes were everybody's property. The housekeeper. who, with the license of a very old retain er, Htlll almost considered Nora as a Child, seemed purposely waiting about for her. . . ".Strange news, is it not, miss," she commenced. To Nora, thinking of nothing but the change lu her father's position, this ad dress appeared cruelly unfeeling. She was passing on with a "Good morning. Mrs Slow," when the old lady continued: "Perhaps, miss, your nmJd did not tell you tho news. Wo have, In fact, only just heard that Mr Thrlftwell was found dead In his bed this morning." The tlrst announcement was soon sup plemented wllh further startling Intel ligence. A decanter of port wine, about half empty, was discovered, strongly drugged with laudaiiuui. In his olllce. The Inquest, however, proved thut the . old lawyer hud died of ajmplcxy, and that hu had not touched thu drugged wine. After his funeral It was proved hy Ids will that ho wuh himself the owner of Moor Hall. The Lucys, father and daughter, left the home of Die childhood of both, and Krnest Thrlftwell succeed ed to -hie father's property. Tho ohl man, in country parlance, lutd always been looked upon us a warm man, but his wealth exceeded even his I son's ex|H'ctfltlons. Besides the Moor) Hull estate, which had bceu mortgaged I for L12.000, were several other small t properties, money In the funds to the tune of over LbUGO, and L12,5bf) in new ' Bank of Iihigiuud notes stowed away In the safe. Krnest Thrlftwell could now start his role as country gentlemunu under fav orable auspices. He had always l»cen steady; this was one of the hereditary qualities of the Thrlftwells. and more over, from inclination on policy, he was proiossedly religious— one of his first acts being lo present to the church a line new clock as a respectful tribute to his father's memory- In country places holiness and money are the !>est substitutes for hlrtli, and Krnest Thrlftwell fought hard for iwpu- lariiy. Ills father's house remained un tenanted for over a year, and It was not till December of the year following his father's death (It was early In October the o!d man had died) that, tile house became again inhabited— a imrn with a small Income aud a large family tukiug It. By a strange coincidence Oswald, the barrister, who had now sprung up sev eral rungs nf the ladder of fame, ami was already being talked of as a rising young barrister, and wuh working early and late tit the hope of soon being in n position to make Nora Lucy his wife, was slightly related to this newcomer, and, as godfather to one of the chil dren, had promised to cat his Christ mas dinner In the house whore formerly .Mr Thrlftwell hud plodded at money making. Oswald was fond of children, and ut ter dinner consented to Join In a game of hlde-und-seek with the younger members of the family. The house was old aud had many outhouses at tached. A daring young scamp of 10 was nowhere to l>e found. Mr Rowton, 1 think 1 know where he Is." said a Utile maiden of 8. " Come with ma." She led Oswald through the kitchen lo the pantry, whore a narrow door which could he lifted or lowered, dependent on the ventilation required, led to the ex cavated cellaring. "He Is, 1 think, In there, hut don't go In, t am sure there are ghosts." "I'll fetch him out," said Oswald. "I am not afraid of the ghosts," and re gui'dless of the knees of his nether gar ments the young barrister crept In. lie soon regretted the adventure. Faugh! I low dump aud unwholesome the piacu felt. "But. nt any rate I have you, you young rascal," he exclaimed, as he elmuced ou some obstacle. It was clothes— yes, and bones— and even— Oswald felt Inclined to utter a cry. Great Bowers! What was U? ltuls, alarmed, scampered away, some even passing over the Intruder. Oswald felt Instinctively in his pocket fur his matcldM)x and struck a light ; Uie draft almost Immediately extin guished Uie match, hut Oswald shrank Imck horrltled.' He had caught n dread ful glimpse of what months ago hud been a man. The children were anxiously gathered at the opening walling Ills return, among them the hoy, who had been found in the outhouses. Oswald hur ried them olt, and having obtained a lantern, returned with thuir father lo complete his Investigations. The body was carefully brought from the hiding place and immediate Infor mation given to the police. Kxeitement ran high In that quiet village tills Christmas. AVIuit could the mystery moan? Little evidence remained to Identify the remains. A gold watch with the Initials "ILL." was all that was ut lirst discovered; hut on it sub sequent search of the cavern, a curd case In Ivory, which hud dolled the nits' ravages was found, containing curds inscribed "Ralph Lacy, San Francisco." Light was coming at last. The clue was followed up. U was found that this Ralph Lacy nud left. California sud denly alleging family afTalrs In Eng land, with a letter of credltion nu Eng lish hank for over L12.000, Thin sum It was proved lie had drawn In Bnuk of England notes. Yes, ami subsequent Investigations and comparisons showed these were the very notes found in old ThrlfLwell's safe after his death. Corroborative evidence showed a stranger had passed through tho vlltago on the day of the lawyer's death. Some one even saw him ring ut old Thrift- well's door. Medical analysis was able to assert that llie dead inan had been drugged with laudiuimir. and evidence In the cel lar showed that after he had been drag ged there, probably Insensible, a sharp weapon despatched him. Was the old lawyer to ho baulked of his great ambition? Had he news thnt the sou was coming to save his father's home? Had the dream of his life promp ted (he ohl man to lose even his soul rafher'tluui Moor Hall? Aud did that night the avenging spirit of hls victim claim In - return revenge before the fruits of the crime could be enjoyed? The evidence was considered suffici ent to reinstate old Mr Lacy lu his an cestral home, The large fortune ho In- horlted from hls son enabled the Lucy's to Uvu 'ns.'lAicys should ut Moor Hull, which hud the spur Unit urged Ralph to exertion and fortune. It is necessary to add that Norn mar ried Oswald Rowton, who is now u Q.C. and whoso briefs are no longer marked with two llgurcs only; uud that their el dest sou proudly hears tho name of his dead undo, Ralph Lacy.— "Spare Mo- meats." - 