POLITICS. Mr. MoOulloch. —Politics and election eering have taken bold here, as «*ell, as other parts of the country, During the past week Cargo was favoured with a visit by Mr. MoCullocb. He held a meeting in tbe As sembly room, which watt presided over by Mr. J. It. Womll, who introduced Mr. McCuiloch as the Freetrade -oaudidate. There wm8 a good audience present, and the speaker had a patien', quiet bearing. He endeavoured to lay out bis views of present day politics,. and explained tbe coarse be in tended to pursue if elected ; but it was not very clear to many what the speaker really was; be did not cl«ar .up exactly what be ( meant. There was a fog or mist in his speech which strongly impressed many with the idea that be was not at all decided in bis piiticiples, and many seem to like the man's manner far more than his policy. A vote of confidence in the speaker was passed, with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Db, Ross also paid us a visit on Friday evening with a view of giving an account of bis past uervices as late Member for the Elec toral District of Molong. Tbe Assembly Hall was well filled with electors. Mr. J. Murphy was chosen as Chairman for the occasion. He passed a few eulogistic words upon the character of the Dr. as their Tate ' worthy' _ member, and beispoke for. bimi a quiet bearing. Dr. Ross, in the course of a rather lengthy, disjointed, and vicious speech, denounced the Reid Government, ^nd wished fi-r its complete annihilation. Re Federation, he was in favor of thatj on the lines laid down by M r. Bat ton, but not by Mr. Reid or 'Want.' The Dr. dsalfe with a few common topics of the day, such aB are familar to all readers of the newspapers, not forgetting to tell what a good member he had always been, and what benefits be bad secured for the district. He also referred to his personal friends in Catgo, *-oth past and present, and spoke of one deceased sup porter as a man whose character was known all over N.S. W. for his boo98ty and integ rity, and that would be handed dowu to succeeding generations yet to. come. . After such remarks tbe speaker seemed to digress a little, jumping back into ancient history, for some reason or other he fell foul on the name of ' Oliver Cromwell,' whose' memory he denounced with all the strong language ?t bis command. He also went out of bis way to abuse others, especially those who opposed Home Rule for li eland. The poor Dr. was off his track, wbiob to many present became a source of amusement. After the Dr. bad ' run down' be allowed interroga gatiocs to be put. He got tbem thick and fast, but they were in the shape of ' hard n*its' ' That veritable letter -~t;6 'The Scotsman,'' like the misty shadow of a ghost made its appearance, and that was too much for the Dr. He got stubborn, and ..refused to answer further questions. The meeting by this time bad grown very warm. When the Chaitman called for a vote of eonfidence in Dr Ross as a tit and proper person to represent them in tbe forthcoming Parliament, a few bands wete held up in its favour, and the Chairman refused to^ admit an amendment. The opponents to the motion called out for all those in opposition to it to shew up their hands: this wait done. The result was a decided majority against the motion and hostile to the Dr. , Thus concluded the most lively election meeting held here for some years past, July 18. 