The Borgia Ring. (Bj " Wtaderor," in tho Adelaide Ohtrver.) Some time ago, while turning over the treasures of e oorlo dealer Id aearoh ot an antique teal whloh I had bean commissioned to boy for a friend I oame aoroae a moat extra ordinary ring. It waa a broad, heavy, gold band, its plainness only relieved by an exquiaitely ehaeod roaobnd, the leavee ond potala of whiob were reproduced wilh. atartiing fidelity. The design was a sufficiently peouliar one, end yot I wee oppressed with the idea that r bed previously seen either thie identioal ring or a fecal mile ot it. For some moments I etood turning it over in my hand, harking bank in my memory for a solution of the puaale, whon my musings were interrupted by the sharp, bnaineM-like voice ot the dealer, •Fascinated by my Borgia ring, Mr. Youngf he waa saying. ' I only wish it was an original. You eee, I'm honest with you ; it's only a eopy, I saw the genuine artiole many years ago, and tried to bay it; but no offer could tempt ite poaseeeor to part with It, eo I got thia one made more as a onrioBlty than with any idea of selling it. I have made it a rule never to attempt, knowingly, to palm off frauds on my customers.' The word ' Borgia' supplied the cine which my laggard memory aongbt. I remembered as though it were yesterday where I hadeeen.thet other ring, and seemed to hear again the high-pltohad, quavering voice telling me the tale of diabolical' re venge conn eo ted with it. _ Finishing my bneineee with the dealer, I walked homewards, asoh moment bringing more clearly before my mind that long-forgotten story of love and Jealousy, and carrying me back to a time when, for me, all the world was young end bleak care had not yet mounted ^behind me. It is now more years ago then I ears to think of sines l ooonpied those dingy, old lodgings in the Latin Quarter, a Bohemian of Bohemians, spending uyr days in somewhat spasmodic efforts to master the anatomy of the human form divine in various Hos pitals. while my nights were devoted to the same poranlt, under slightly different circemetanoes, in thaUonlin Rouge, or some equally disrepntable beunt of the genna student. Ah, those were happy days, l'oor we un doubtedly were, for our money went qulokly; end those of na who were fortunate enough to have more then they wanted oould always Anil some poor devil who had not a sou where with to bless bimeelf to share their plenty; but what rooked wa of hunger end cold P Was there not the dejeuner a quntre'eou* to eeenege the former, end the can-can in one of the many dancing hells of Moutinarte to obaae away all remembrance of tbe latter. It wae a wild, raokelty life, the rather questionable Joys of whioh would soon pali opon one now; but then we had that talisman, glorious youth, whioh knows not ennui, and caste a glamour over even tbe most sordid surroundings. In the next apartment to mine, np four flights of dark evil-emaiiiog stairs, livod an old man who wae rather a mystery to hie fellow iod gore. Aa lie indulged In the unwon tsd luxury of two rooms he wee re ported to be febolouely wesitby. Endless were the surmises es to who ho was, whence he had come, where he got his money, etc., bat Uaitre Francois, as tba old gentleman was oslled, quietly baffled all attempts to pump him, refusing to allow any. person whatever, even the conolerge to enter hie room, from wbioh be very rarely emerged esve to pay a monthly visit to the Bank, or to buy hie modest etook of provisions at tba market in the next street. He had lived thne for years, hermit-like, his books bis only companions, neither writing nor reoelving ooy letters ; as much alone, in fact, ae though he were the cole inhabitant of some desert isle. About twelve months after I beoame his neighbour 1 made bis acquaintance . accidentally, through rendering hini a alight eer vioe, the importanoe of whioh he was pleased to greatly exaggerate One afternoon, ee I reaobed tbe land, ing on whioh my room was situated, I met Halite Franools coming from fala apartment carrying hie basket, Juelas we paeeed eaoh other tbe old man tripped, and would hava un doubtedly pitched beadiong down the stairs, had 1 not grabbed him by the ooot-teils in the nick of time. He was profuse in bis expressions c* gratitude calling me hie 'preserve ) end embracing me in true Galll fashion, ' You ought to be more oarefu .Monsieur,' i said,1 or rather the lend lord of this vile barraok should b prosecuted for not having hie stair lighted, 1 have many times elm«f broken my own nook in the villein oua place. Let tneaeslat yon baok ti your room,' Mallre Francois was trembllo) violently ; he wee old, end tbe ehocl bad unerved him. Leaning heavily on my arm he elowly relraoed hit steps to hie own door, where he paused and said :— 1 Pardon me If I am rude anoug' to bid you good-by or good efts noon, here. For many years I stranger has passed my threehol and I am too muoh upeot now to n oeive you suitably, If you will hoi our me, however, by dining with to-morrow, then, eu plaieir,* u. and shaking me warmly by tha hai the recluse retired into his eitttin room, closing end looking the do behind him. All that night and the next day could do nothing hut thins of n queer neighbour, and as the dinne hourdrewnigh I was consumed wti curiosity as to how be wo did receh me. -- Hie speech and man tier d orin the few moments we had alread conversed assured me that he waa n ordinary man. Tbe bourgeois ai which is stamped indelibly on th middle-class Frenchman of the retire Bhopkeejier class was ia him entirely absent; indeed, his accdbt and th courtly bow with which he diemiaaei me spoke rather of the Faobourg St Germaio, in the days when tha aristocratic locality wae inhabited bj none save those who counted *t least sixteen quarteringe in their coatol arms. My wild comrades, to whotx Meitre Francois was as well known by reputation aa to myself, joked and chaffed me unmercifully on my ' conquest,' as they were pleased to :all it. 'Ah, coqa'w,' exclaimed one 'I believe yon tripped him yourself, to that you might .get into his good books by picking him up when he Sell * ' He will turn out to be a fairy irinoe with a Sorely daughter,' sugbed augther, 'and one day We shall see Jules ridiDg off with her to; • carriage and four, with a oetr coat, and a swell hat, aod a clean shirt, to lire in a big chateau, where he will forget all about little Elsie and his old friends at the' Quartier,'' • It is my belief,' and a third, with mock solemnity,' that Maitre Fran cois is a vampire, who steals out at: night to suck the blood of young girls, and that he will derour Jules for a change. Farewell, men-ami,' taking oat a very dingy pocket handkerchief and wiping his eyes; ' forgire me that I abed a tear at the recollection of our many sprees, and the thought of your impending fate. Go, then, and if there be enongb of yon left to make a 'subject* rest tranquil in the assurance that we, your friends, will dissect your body with the same thoroughness with which we hare often pulled to pieces your cbarscter.' After doing my deroir in these friendly little tilts of wit, I left my companions and proceeded to my lodgings, there to make myself as presentable as my rather limited wardrobe would permit. After care fully weighing in the balance, the respectire merits of a velvet jacket and an ancient frock, at well-known at the neighbouring Moote-de-petoas the Manager himself, I determined that the former waa moat in keeping with my eomewhat rakish appearance, and, baring donned it and given my hair a final brash, I crossed the land ing and knocked at Maitre Francois' door. It wss opened almoitimme distely by the hermit in peraoh, *))b greeted me effusively, and drew me into the room, closing the door care fully after me. The apartment was brilliantly lighted up by a beautiful crystal Ismp which hung Irom the ceiling, end as I gaaed around me my astonishment waseo great tbst for the moment I could not reply to my boat'e words of welcome. The room wss fairly large, and furnished with an utter disregard of cost. On every aide were chairs and ottomans, quaiotly carved, add upholstered in velvet and gold j in the corners and round the walls were cabinets and wbatnota, whoso value, great as it was, faded into insignificance beside that of the priceless array of Sevres Obina and vases, jewelled fans and daggers, Oarrara msrbles and Etrus can bronses, trays of cut and uncut precious stones, which littered tbem in lavish profusion. On the walls were a few pietures, which eren my inexperienced eye told me they were worth many thousands of francs, while over tbe fireplace was a trophy composed of every known description of eword, from the short straight Boman blade to the curving Turkish I scimitar, whose jewelled hilt flashed back the lamp-light io a blase of be wildering coruscations. A email,! round table directly under tbe Jan was set for dinner with a anow-whii cloth, on which glittered silver cu| and flasks, dishes and eilt cellar which with their delicate chssiu, telling of the palmy daya of Italic art, would have turned a collect) green with envy, I rubbed my eyi and pinched myeelf to eee whethi I was awake or only dreaming. T1 contrast between the aqnalor and dii outside the door and this veritabl treasure chamber within was so grei that one might readily have been foi given for doubting the evidence of hi own ranees. 1 Yon ereastoniahed, myfriend, to find no many evidence* of civilisation in each a place/ said Maitre Friucois, with a amile. 4 When I retired from the world for good aotne twenty-fire years ago, the fancy took me to sur. round thyself with these old friends, so that I might with their aid keep green the memory of my . Bnt here I am, talking foolishly, and for getting that yon are doubtless hungry. Let oe dine.' .... Toe old man led me to my seat across a carpet in which 'one hank to the anklea at every step, and tht n turning to a email gas store, which took the place of a grate, proceeded to place our repast upon the table. ' I an my own chef, monsieur,' asid he, busying himself with the dishes, 'so yon must pardon any little faults in the cooking, I smiled as 1 assured him that I was easily satieSad. What a corned y it was. An aristocrat with the man ners of a d'Orsay apologising to a ragged medioaletndent forthe faults of a dinner snob as would tare cost at least a hundred fcanes a head at Very's. While he was dishing np I bad a good look at my host. His mow-white hair and attenuated Frame, clad in a gorgeous embroidered iressing gown; seemed to tell of put age, bnt when he - looked up and 1 met the glance of hie dark eyes, md immed and keen as those of a hoy, ibeaged eppearauoe seemed to vanish is if by magic, to return direotly he .nroed his baek. The dinner proved to be worthy of the dishes oo which it was Mrred — one oonld give it no higher praise —while the wines wereof e bouquet end flavour such as I bed never drsamedof before. While,we dined |jfaltre Franools almost monopolized the conversation, end I wee well con tent to ait end listen He seemed to know everything. Whatever the anhjeot—end our talk that night van in manytibannels—he appeared to have it at his fingers' ends. Hie forte, however, was mediaeval his. tor/. I oonld have listened for honrs to hie stirring descriptions of life in the middle ages, when might was right, end the greatest men wee he who oonld grab the most, and hang on to bia atollen property the longeat. He wae foil of aneodotee of the Borgia Family in particular, holding tbnt they were a much maligned raoe. They certainly had some methods of disposing of their enemies which seems rather drastic to ns,' be eaid, ' but they were no woree then their neighbours. By the way, I have something here which onoe belonged to Oeeeer Borgia, which I value more than any of my other possessions. 11 will serve to illustrate my meaning.' He row as he spoke, and, going over to one of the oabinets, took from it a small moroeoo esse. Returning to hie seat, he plsoed the oaae on the table and opened it, displaying to gene a heavy gold ring, perfeotly plain, except for the obaeing of a rose, had on one side. This looks an innocent bauble enough,' said" Maitre Francois, taking the ring frpm iu velvet nest,4 bat be careful when handling it, not to press tbat rosebud; If you should do id, not all the doctors in Paris coold save yon. Only two of- these nogs ;«i known to exist; one I have, tfa'eotbei which was in the possession of thj Marquis d'A , was stolen, apd ha never been recovered. See, it worki thus, Should you wish to rid thi world of a foe or dear friend,' the las words he hissed through his teeth while-bis face took ih an expressioi of devilish hatred, 'all yoii need do ii place this ring on your finger eo turning the rosebud inside; then when eeying good-bye to your victim grasp bis—or her—hand warmly pressing the bud against bis finger Then then this will happen ; dee. My heat held the ring close to me and pleased w.ith his nail on elthei aide of the rosebud, whiobiaank lm mediately below the level of thi ring, leaving a fine needle-like steel point sticking up through a tiny hole In its centre. Direotly the pressors was removed the bud sprang back to Its place, hiding every traoe of the deadly little point that lay ao snugly concealed within. ' Are yon sure that this is poison ous uowf I asked, taking the ring in my hand and examining itolosely. 'Surer eohded Maitre Francois. Yes, I am only too nnre. For heaven's sake take oare,4 as I placed my finger on the rosebud,4 do not toneh the ohaeing. One Uttle sorateh and—pout! yon are gone. For melt would not matter, ba t your are yoang and happy. Yon have no flame here,' smiting htmeelf upon the . breast, 'which consumes you dav and nfaht no bell in your heart as black as the fahled Tophet of the Ghrletaln. And yet, "were It to be done again, I would not hesitate. No, t would seekto Invent some new; torture for the per jured villein. Oaraehim.t oursehiml But whet em I saying? Forgive me, mon ami, toy mind wanders some, times, and I repeat iibeSof forgotten tragedies. Will yon be offended if I tell you that. I am weary now, and would fain Test? The unscoustomcd Sxoitement of a visitor baB Worn me out.' I took the bint at ones and rose to go. Y^-: 'I need not.aik4yon, I am sure,' said Maitre Franooiaaehe took my. band,' to be silent as to what you' have eeen here. The fcnowledge that 1 possess these trinkets,* waving bis bend towards the treasures which lay scattered around, ' might aronse the cupidity of Bomeot my neigh, boure, and so cause me endless worry, Bnt you will say nothiug, I know. Good-night, my preserver. I will lot; you know when Icanreceive yon again* J assured him that ! would be die meet, and the next moment I was out on. tbe landing egaln, feeling as though X had J net; awakened 4bpm 'a dream. It was long ere 1 slept that night. The various astounding in cidents of theevenlng pareed in re view before my mind's eye but most sll my thoughts dwelt upon Its Borgia ring, and the violent emotions which it had been reieed inmy host, t felt sure there waB sontt dark mystery connected with it, hut what it was I could noteven guess. I little thought then that jere a month bad passed I would be In possession of all Ike hideous teste. After that evening my life treat oa much as usual, but I took to remain ing in my room at nights, erpecting soother invitation from Maitre Francois; But I waited in vain, for all the sign he made I might never have seen him. Just as I wss giving np hope, and thinking of joining my friends again in their nightly revels, what I had been waiting tor came. On retnrning to my room one after noon, 1 fouod a note which had been pushed under the -door during my absence. Opening it, I read in trembling aid uneven lines— ' Maitre Francois wishes to see his young friend to-night. He is ill; perhaps dying. Come at once. With one stride I reached the old man's door -and knocked. A feeble voice bade me enter, and I opened i the door. For the moment I stood gazing in astonishment at the altered appearance of the room. Not g vestige remained of the luxury and wealth which had filled the place to overflowing,-eave only the lamp which bong from the ceiling. All the rest had disappeared, carpet, cabinets, jewels, pictures, everything, in fact, more than half the appartment being filled with huge packing cases eecnrely nailed down, I was) recalled to my self by the sound of my host's voice. ' You are noting the absence of my nicknscke,' be aaid, rising painfully from an armchair which was drawn up in front of the stove. 'They pre all in those cases ready to be taken sway. I felt that I had not long to live, so I paeked them up while 1 had sufficient strength.* As I took the old man's hand, and looked into his face, I was shocked at the change which I saw there. It was evident that his days were numbered. I murmured a hope that he might soon be well, hut he cut me abort. * No, bb,'e*id he, * you know that I shall never be'''well again in this world, and at for tbeoez)—— well, we shall see whal we shsll ste.!v8it down, my young friend ; I have a story to tell you. Why I should' confide in you I know not, except that I like you, and would fain save you": from future misery by relating to you the history of the madness and crime, yes, crime, which led me to efface my 'self from the world. Take warning; then, and sfauu the society of women as you would a snake, nay, more, for the anake will give yon the happy release; woman will only make your life one long tortore. It is needless to tell you my name. Once there was none more honoured in France; now, it is bappilyjforgotteo. - A great career lay open before ine when, at the age of twenty-five, I met her. Before I bad known her five minutes I-loved her, loved her as only a man lores once in a century. Fools talk about the power of men ; what is the strength of the greatest man that ever was born compared to the weak ness of a woman P What was the man of iron, Anthony, after Cleopatra had cast her Bpell upon -hip? A lovesick idiot, who bartered a world for . the smiles of a wanton. Who. won the battle of Waterloo P Was it Wellington? No it was the woman from whose arms AmilftllV. Mlhlil nnfr toais Ktmmnlf nraaw' who allowed-Blacher to comeup and tarn a defeat into victory. * 11 a'amuse a Gembloux,' saidthe great Napoleon bitterly, when' bis recreant. General failed to appear, forgetting that be himself bad well nigh made shipwreck of bia cause 011 account of a woman. But why multiply instances F Since the days of Ere tbey bare been betrayers ever, and woe to the ' man who falls into their toils. For eome months' my courtship- Tan smoothly. I was wealthy and belonged,to a noble house, so the girl's parents received me with, .open arms. 8be .. herself confessed with downcast eyes, and all the other tricks in which. women "are so perfect, that her heart was imine alone, and I left her 'presence tread* iogonair. Poor fool! At that moment she was secretly encouraging my most- intimate friend, granting him atolen interviews when she was supposed to be asleep/find dreaming of me. It were too long a Me - to toll of bow my suspicions were at length aroused, and how by keeping a strict watch upon her bonae 1 learned the whole horrid troth.' From that moment I lived hot for revenge. At firatj I thought of .pall* ing out my . perfidious friend and abooting him, bat I soon dismissed that project. My vengeance must be more sweeping, more' completed No ordinary death wokld satisfy , me; At length a plan ahaped itself in my. mind which seemed "to promise^all I desired, and l eagerly prepsred for an opportunity of potting it into ex. ecntion. I think—nay, I am sure— that I mast have been mad at tbat time; but even now, with the shadow of death falling upon me, I cannot say that I regret what I bare done. Since my youth I have bets w en thueiastic collector of' antiques, and shortly before my engagement I bad made the ' fiod' of my life—that very ring which I showed yon the night yon dined with me. I had proved beyond a doubt, by experimenting on dogs and radbits, that-; its -deadly properties had not diminished, and that no trace whatever of poison conld be fonnd by any analysis in the bodies of animals slain by it. With this ring*then,I determined to strike my false friend, and in such a way as to triake his and the lady's relations known to the world. With out that my revenge would have been shorn of halfits joys. X watched patiently concealed in the ehrnbbery, till at -length one night 1 saw my friend climb the wall of my fianoee,* garden, take a ladder from the tool-honee, and place it against the ledge of a window, whioh was then cautioorly opened from within. Running lightly up the lad der, be disappeared Into the room, and the window was again partly closed.. Now was my time. ; Turning my dejdjiy ring on my finger, no that the rosebud was inside, X crept cau tiously to the ladder and began to aseend. As my head approached the window X could hear the' voIcsb within murmuring terms of endear ment in low guarded tones. The next instant I threw up the aash and sprang into the room, alighting right before a couch, on whioh sat my friend and my promised wife, his arms aroend her, and her head nest, ling on his ahonlder. My sadden appearance paralysed them. Neither moved, bnt sat staring-at ma as though I were a ghost, Ere he conld reoover from hie astonishment, • 1 ■eised the villain's hand hS??gripped it bard. Hie lips. parted, bnt no sound issued from them, The poison had dons its work with lightning speed, and without a gasp cyan, his head fell back against the oouoh,and he was dead. One wild eoresm buret from the horrified woman; the next moment she had joined her loverlnetsrnity. Darting to the window, I^dssoendnd the ladder and rushed from the a^V&Mdly;^regain ing nay observed. The double murder, or / Btiiold^ none conld tell which, crMted h tremendous sensation. Theatmoet ingenuity of the detective foroe Whs expended in vein efforts to solve the mystery, whioh gradually dropped not of people's Into that obftvion. in it hae einoe remained,-. As for me, I was, of eonrae, heartbroken, my.grieil giving me a good exenee for retiring from society for a time. - Pretending that I was about to est out on, an extended tonvof the world, I said good-hy to all my acquaintances, add came to tneee rooms, whioh 1 had previously caused to be prepared for me, and in which I have lived ever since, etruggling vainly to Acquire that peace of mind whioh 1 am nowconvinoed ie only to be found in the grave. Ah, well, it shell soon he mine now. Have I wearied von with, my tale? Yon do not tarn from me heonuee I reyenged myself F No P ■ Good ? When jny time does come, I will remember yon. Yon will not regret having listened to a foolish old man who wished to nnbosm himeelf of- a averet that weighed heavily on hie mind.' Maitrs Praneois seemed brighter when I tobk leave pf hitn that night, with the assurance that, X wonld come and hefe ; bint: every day. 1 never fulfilled my .promise, however. Next morning a telegram called me to the - beside of a. dying eieter, and when I returned to toy lodgings aftef' sn abeenoe of Boins weeke, I found thatthe hermit haddiad suddenly ehortly after toy departure, and that fcislawyera had "taken poBassribh.of all' faiaieffmto. ,-To this day l am ignorant of hie name; in fact,"? had qhlte forgotten that snob amah ever existed, until the eight of the imitation Borgiaring recalled bim to toy mind, and 'set toe wonder ing again, aeXhadwoDdsted before, U he bad not^hastened his own end bytheeame -means bywiiiohbe had aocompliahed hie revenge.' 