A SLENDER CLUE; MYSTERY OF MARDI-GRAS A DETECTIVE STORY, by LAWRENCE L. LYNCH (E. Murdoch van Deventer), author of 'Shadowed by Three,' 'Moina,' eta CHAPTER XXIX— CCiontinned). ?No; but let me warn you, if you don't stop indulging in these satanic moods of yours, you will be more than half-mad. When a man can't control his temper he is on the high road to lunacy. I'm very much obliged to, you, Mr. Iiarsen. Taking it for grantea tnat you have told me the truth, I can see clearly why Bertha Warham ran away, with you first and from you after ward.' - ' Why ?— why ?— why ?' 'Never mind why. There's an if in the way. I'm by no means sure that you have told me the truth. I begin to suspect that you're a shrewder fellow than you look, my dear sir.' 'What do you mean?' 'I mean this: I can see plainly, having heard your little story and witnessed these little ebullutions of temper, how, from motives of revenge, you might have decoyed Bertha Warham from her home first, and murdered her afterward. My faith in you is not great, Mr. Joseph Larsen. You've got to convince my senses. In the meantime, I guess you had better consider yourself under arrest.' Again, as on the night before, Larsen sprang toward him,. livid with rage, panting^ and glaring like a wild beast Stanhope stepped nimbly back, and presented some thing coldly glittering in the face of the fu rious man. He halted suddenly, looking, as he stood, like a paralysed demon. 'There's something marvellously soothing about a self- cocking revolver,' remarked the detective, as he moved backward toward the door, keeping Larsen well covered with the weapon. Then he threw the door wide open, and called 'Susan!' In a moment they heard Susan's firm foot ooming quickly up the stairs. 'Susan!' said Stanhope, speaking over his shoulder, 'you need not mind about coming in. You see the situation. Where are the hired men?' 'They're around the place doing the chores,' said Susan, staring from one to the other. 'They sleep at the barn, you know.' 'Well, Susan, send the .quickest and most sensible one to Upton at once for a notary, and the sheriff. We must have them at once; Mr. Larsen and I will be obliged to entertain each other, as you see, until they come. I say, Susan, did that fellow ever have a fit?' 'Not that I ever heard of.' 'Well, he looks like having one now; hur ry, Susan.' T6 his surprise, Susan crossed the thres hold and came close beside him. 'Maybe you'd better go yourself,' she suggested in a low tone. 'Give me that pistol, and I'll look after him.' 'Susan,' said Stanhope, with a short laugh, 'it breaks my heart that I can't look at you. You're a woman worth looking at, but I can't accept your offer. Send the man.' 'The men are fools!' snapped Susan, turn Ing away; 'I'll go myself.' CHAPTER XXX. (From Mrs. Jacob Baring to a friend in Philadelphia.) 'Dear Friend, — Your very entertaining let ter of some weeks 'since was deserving of a more speedy answer, but, as you know, I am not at any time a prompt correspondent, and 3ast now I am somewhat given over to af fairs that in reality are not mine, but which interest me immensely, even to the neglect of my friends, you will say; nevertheless, I think you may find an interest in them too, when I tell you that they are the affairs of Ellen Jernyngham. 'In spite of your fears and my predictions, Ellen has found a fiancee who suits her, and whom she seems to suit. 'Does not this furnish you food for some reflection? 'You know Ellen as I do — how her pride has held her aloof from the lovers who flock naturally about a beauty who is also an heiress, and how, in spite of her good lucks and her wealth, she has not seemed to attract those of her set whom she might, perhaps, have considered eligible. 'Ellen, as you know, is a favorite of mine; hut I cannot be blind to the fact that, in spite of her good looks, which are undenia ble, and her style, which is perfection, her fine education and admirable conversation al powers when she chooses to converse, her splendid family, and, I natoe it last, her j wealth, she has not for the many those mys? terious qualities which go to make what we call ail- attractive woman. 'One man, however, has found her attrac tive, and he has proven himself a man wor thy of her consideration. Mr. Jermyn is an Englishman of unimpeachable descent — the younger son, in fact, of an English noble man, Sir Ralph Foster Jermyn. We might say that this engagement is the result of ac cident, for Mr. Jermyn, .who is a studious man with literary tendencies, came- to our Tillage unheralded, and not intending ; to make his true status known. He came, sim ply for a quiet summer's recreation, hoping to' find retreat where he could pursue his favorite studies, and see and learn some thing of the 'average American village.' He certainly has gained some new ideas on this latter, subject,, for he had been but a' few days in Roseville when his landlady, a vul gar village gossip, found among his books and papers a letter from his father containing bits of family history, which convinced her that she was harboring, if not an 'angel un awares/ at leasts very distinguished guest, whose father was a member of the British nobility, and who'had left thatfather's house because he preferred freedom rather than a titled bride. 'The woman who had made the discover ies imparted her secret to a person who was shrewd enough to see the possible advantage to herself of keeping silence Ton the subject, and the gentleman enjoyed for a time his peaceful seclusion, but gossip will not re main smothered; and slowly it crept from lip to lipj until all Roseville was In. ..posses- sion of- the secret. 'I must say that Mr. Jermyn's deportment throughout the ordeal of village notoriety (the word is more- apt than it seems) was perfection itself. He has a\ most happy manner, not haughty, . and yet upon certain, people it has the effect of hauteur. He is far from condescending, nor yet has he that 1 ungracious air that some of our young peo ple find so objectionable in Ellen. It is a perfect manner, and therefore -impossible to describe. I am obliged to confess that he is, to me, a trifle Incomprehensible-— so quiet In his; manner, so unruffled in his calm, so perfect his ease under circumstances and 'mid surroundings that must be p novel to 'him. He is -reserved, almost unapproach able, and all with an unsconscious air of believing himself a very simple, open book; and yet yon feel, yon know, there are limits which you «annot pass. .'He suite Ellen perfectly; she is proud of Trim, and they make a fine-looking couple; he is slender and Tair, with handsome, regular , features, and the shapliest -tf hands and 1 feet- Lilian declares that they, might fulfil their mission- here below by posing as.sta \tnes of aristocratic perfection; but you know Lilian. . V_ .-,'... 'The wedding -;will.-- lake place soon, I ;-JShink. I didVitt^ jsupp^.that ^e^^rould .consent to so, short an ^engagement; -biofclie seems to. 'possess her completely, and,. |t; his . wish. It will /tie a quiet wedding, again at Mr. Jermyn's' desirerjbut you may ':'&£ sure that, It will be very elegant ,as welL Ellen has no near relatives, and I hope to gain her consent, and his, to a plan I have made. I Want her to return, after her necessary jour ney to the;city to attend, to the preparation* of her trousseau, and'' be married at the Hills. I think Me. Jermyn will favor my plan, and I depend upon him to win Ellen ?? over. ' -v ' 'Our little summer party has been a very pleasant one. 1 have found in it but one discordant element, and that in the too fre quent presence of the young person I have told you of, in whoin Keniieth took such an interest I do not like her, but she has made herself a favorite with our young peo ple through the possession of that same nameless attractiveness which poor Ellen lacks. Whatever this quality is,. Rene Brian certainly possesses it. She is pretty, and has a certain piquancy; but in looks Ellen sure ly is her equal, and in style and manner greatly her superior. And yet I have fan cied, and so I think has Ellen, that this girl has almost succeeded in establishing herself as a rival. Certainly, Mr. Jermyn regards her with interest, but it is a frank interest; he tells Ellen that she is an 'uncommon type.' She is an unpleasant 'type' to me. I think that she is still interested in Kenneth, who is somewhere in the Southern States. Sometimes I think they correspond; it would be like her. She has a brother who is quite too attentive to one of my nieces, the young-, est of the Baring girls. But I am wearying you with my gossip. 'If Ellen's marriage occurs here, I shall expect you /to come. 'Remember nje to the many in whom we are mutually interested, and inform me in your next of the happeuings in our city. I am behind the times. — Yours most sincerely, Henrietta R. Baring.' (Froni Miss 'Jernyngham to her most inti mate friend.) 'Hortense, My Dear Friend, — Your very welcome letter, with its cordial invitation, is now before me. A few weeks ago I should have said without hesitation: yes, I will go with you to makemy home under those sunny Italian skies we both love so well. And I would have turned my back upon my native land, with all its flaunt and show, its great littleness and little greatness, its parvenues and place hunters, with no deep feeling of regret; for what would I leave behind? A few sincere friends, and many vrho are friends only in outward seeming; no near relatives, for my recreant half- brother, my nearest in this world, is— no one knows where. He left his home so long ago, and has been so long silent, that I have ceased to hope for his return;- in fjict I begin to fear it almost, for what may not ten long years of wandering have made of him? But I di gress. I might have shared your voluntary exile gladly, for I believed that there was nothing here to keep me, or to care for. But all this is changed. 'Once in our intimate, pleasant schoolgirl friendship you extracted, almost extorted, from me a promise; and you gave me one in return. Your promise — we will not speak now of mine-^it has reached the time of ful filment. He has come at last— that prince of whom you desired to hear — and according to my school day contract, I write you. first of _ all, the news of my betrothal to Edward Percy a ermyn, the son of an English peer. 'I will not describe him to you — you, who know me, must, I think, feel assured that he has more than his noble birth to recommend him. He is a man of more than ordinary culture and refinement, and 'his outward seeming is all that it should be; his manners, Miss Rooseveldt would say, are those of a prince — you know Adeline is given to gush ing in her weak little way— but princes some times have very bad manners indeed, and Mr. Jermyn's manners are perfect. I find no flaw in them, and I am credited with be ing fastidious. He is all that the prince— my prince— should be, lacking no gift nor grace that a prince should possess. So much dignity, so much reserve, so much strength j of intellect, s'uch an air of — I was -about to say, command, but it is not that: he has not the air of command, but he possesses the qualities that call forth instinctive compli ance—he has a commanding presence with out the air. 'He left his home and country because of a misunderstanding with his father, who de sired to mate him with the daughter, the on ly child, of a nobleman, whose estate ad joined that of Sir Ralph Jermyn. He refused the alliance, having no affection for the lady, and came here a voluntary exile. He does not desire to return to England, and will not do so unless (there is such a possibility) he is called to take up his father's duties, with his father's title, some day. 'I had thought to take the important step that changes my destiny, perhaps, amid the old scenes in Philadelphia, but Mrs. Baring is so good as to wish me to be married (how strange that looks) here at the Hills. Mr. ! Jermyn, too, desires it. He has* he says, j a sentiment about it, and has besought nae so earnestly, to remain -here, 'that I have i yielded— reluctantly, I must admit 'Can you delay your sailing a little? Will you come to us here? When once you have crossed tlie ocean, it may be long years be fore we meet, arid I want you to see him. 'I realise that this is not a calmlycom posed or well- written letter. I am not quite my usual calm self, so let me end it here. When I have received your reply, I may be able to write more coherently, more at my ease. Until then, I am, your friend, as of old — Ellen A. Jernyngham.' (Miss Grace Rooseveldt to her confidante . in' Philadelphia.) 'My Own Dearest Maud,— I am-, horribly J disappointed, and completely out of humor. Just think of having to stay here another month 'to watch the ghost of the summer,' as Lill Sutherland says, and all on account of Ellen Jernyngham. 'She is going to be married at last. To be married here at Aunt Jake's. And we must all be made martyrs because of it. Ade- j line is as delighted as if she were going to I be married herself; you know she always did hold Ellen up as a pattern of perfection, and she thinks him-^the man in the case^perfee tion too. My dear, did you ever see a perfect man? I am sure you never did; there can't be many of them, so I am, going to describe this one, to you: face, pale: and blonde and regular, and expressionless; eyes, pale- ? blue, that look over you and around you, and sometimes through you, but never laugh or smile or twinkle— I would not dare . affirm that they even wink; hands and feet exceed ingly 'aristocratic;' figure, medium in height, slender, graceful, incapable of fairing an awkward attitude— so, much at ease,. every- where and under all circumstances, .that it becomes exasperating to watch him; per fectly-fitting clothes in. perfect taste; &. quiet that Ad declares/to be 'splendid repose'— I call it calm superiority; a low, slow, soft voice that always says the right thing^in the right way; a slow smile that never, as I said before, creeps ,up to the eyes, . his nearest approach to a laugh, being a slight agitation of the lips, accompanied by a soft sound that dies away quickly, and makes you feel that to laugh an honest, natural, f ull-;grown laugh would be a sin. This is the bridegroom elect, Mr.. Edward Percy Jermyn. ? Now let me add that he 'is an Englishman, the son of Lord .Somebody, arid that he once refus ed— refused!— the hand of a titled English, woman (I suppose it was Leap Year); an4- ; then, tell me, could we— could any honest - American— endure more? And yet we must ; all remain and be victimised, because Ellen 't must go off In a blaze of glory with seven, bridesmaids, viz!, the Baring. girls, the, Sutherlands, Rene Bristol of whom I nave written you, Ad, and myself.1 Ellen and - Aunt Jake are to go to .the city to shop, - and we are to remain here to keep up a sort . of festive accompaniment to the wedding: preparatiiSris, and the billing and cooing .jp£: the liappy pair. ^ J ! ': :. _. '. ''^J* ;?;_ 'We have had a very aflMy sutatner^ow,; J Adeline hates that word! , You know=lioWr much I like the Brians. Charlie is just the! ? opposite of Mr. Jennyn in toanner, and bet-. ter-looking,. to my 'notion— only another drawback to the general pleasure: he, and Lotta are becoming a little too serious and absorbed in each other. One pair of lovers ts|barely endurable; in a party like ours two jMr, although £hey are. so .different, ate too much for human natui^i v.\ . ? 'I Sometimes wish for poor CousiiS Ken neth— I will call him cousin, although he is not exactly that. 'We never dare mention him in Aunt Jake's presence; but she little guesses how much we talk of him, and know of his whereabouts. He writes to Lotta oc casionally, and to Rene Brian regularly. Aunt Jake dislikes Retae;- in fact, her. Ms* quarrel with Ken dated from an attempt on her part to 'put down' -Rene. But since Lin and. Lotta have taken her up, and stand by her so staunchly. Aunt Jake is outwardly courteous, and Ellen Jernyngham has. asked her to be one of the bridesmaids, although I happen to know that Ellen has no especial love for Rene; I cannot say so much for Mr. Jermyn. (Do you notice the similarity of names— Jerniyn. Jernyngham? I am sure it will prove unlucky, for one.) Mr Jermyn certainly admires Rene very much. 'There! Lin and Lotta have invaded my sanctuary; for the present I must lay aside my pen— to be con — ' ' (From Rene Brian to Kenneth Baring at New Orleans.) 'My Dear Friend, — Your last letter pleased me. I am glad to think of you as so selfre liant, so content, so equal to the emergencies that have arisen in your pathway, and .1 am glad that you have developed so much phi losophy; you will say. no doubt, that you al ways possessed it— but, if so, I must beg to remind you that it was not sufficient to keep you under the same roof with the lady you are so polite as. to term a 'mistaken, gentle woman.' 'Courage, Ken. Your father,' I' am sure, thinks of you very kindly; and, after all. you were a trifle at fault. T.he aforementioned gentlewoman, by-the-bye, has been of late .unusually courteous to me — rather, she b.is been courteous where it was her custom to ignore my existence. 'Undoubtedly Lotta has gossipped to you of tho doings at the Hills, and the wedding in prospective. So T need say nothing of that, especially as I utterly fail in getting up an enthusiasm over the high contracting parties. In fact, and in spite of my philoso phy. I rather dislike one of them, with, I must confess, no good and sufficient reason for so doing. 'It will be all over soon, and we shall have settled back into our old, dull, comfortable routine, while you plod steadily :on toward manly independence. Honestly, Kenl this -cutting loose from your father's bank- ao ? count is not. in my opinion, the greatest of your misdeeds. A man's best qualities must come out when ho stands alone to face the world, and you, I am sure, have the courage that in the end must conquer. How I am preaching! It all comes of burrow ing among high-flown editorials, and hatch ing pretty sentences for the local columu-t alas! that same local column awaits me at this moment. Adieu, for the time: accept my congratulations for your successful be ginning: my best wishes for. those future successes which T predict for you, and for your health 'and happiness now and always. — Yoitr friend, Rene Brian.' ' ?;?;;'? The marriage of the heiress and the aris-. tocrat was the first and most interesting topic in Roseville, from the day the affair first became known until the day of its con summation. (To be continued.) 