SIX IRIIAVE SOLDIEIIS. Oscar Dillow had fainted on the battle-field without a wound, and as a consequence the wounds came after ward when he was laid up with nervous fever, r.hile the other men lay around him on the hay and passed the time in 'thrusting at his pride. Sometimes it seemed as if he had none, and then they prodded deeper, hoping they might reach it somewhere out of sight. One day a little fellow named Parmlee struck it, and the prostrate giant staggered to hi; feet. It was a burning day. The sunlight came through clinks and knot hles, and fell in shafts of torture on the wounded men. Horseflies, the only only original properties left in Ferguson's barn, prevaded it officiously. Outside, on the hill beyond Ferguson's fields, the shells were screaming. Dillow had dropped into one of those fitful dozes into which his overwrought nerves relaxed between the outbursts on the hill, when little Parmlee came and stood beside him. Parmlee had been to the kitchen tent out of the sanitary com mission, and had brought back enough oyster stew for each man in the barn, and each man had had his share, excepting Dillow. Now Parmlee was waiting beside him, with a dipperful of it in his hand, but a contemptuous smile upon his face. 'Six oysters-for a coward,' he thought as he shifted his lame leg dis contentedly and waited. It seemed to him against all the laws of war. He himself had had a deep flesh wound just above the knee, and Dillow had turned grey in the face at the sight of it, and had fallen over him, nearly shattering all his bones,' and holding him in torment. And here was Dillow, still lying almost as grey and inert as he had lain upon the field. Parmlee thanked all his stars for not having been obliged to lie underneath the big fellow all this time; and yet his injured leg almost refused to carry oysters to I)illow, although it was ready enough in lending itself to the other men who were on their backs, They were brave soldiers. It aggravated the limb to have to wait upon a coward. As Dillow kept on dozing, the one thing the little attendant wanted to do was to spill the stew into his face and wake him ; but some impulse caused hint to look across to the next bundle of hay and meet a pair of hungry eyes that were gazing sp from it.. Beneath the eyes there yawned a grinning, hungry mouth, and a humorous hungry finger pointed into it. Eyes, mouth and finger all belonged to a man who had fought well. He had had one dipperful of oysters, but yearned for more. ILttle Parmlee hesitated a moment, thought of the instructions given him at the tent and then, grinning in answer, tiptoed round the gigantic sleeper, and fed an oyster into the open mouth, which closed upon it as tightly and far more blissfully than the shell in which it had once lived. Parmlee had only meant to rob the coward of one oyster, but as soon as that was gone, and he glanced about again, he saw four other gaping mouths quite near at hand. He went from one to another like a parent bird, and as he dropped the longed-for morsel into each it closed upon it with an expression of great bliss. There was but one oyster in the plate now, and it looked so lonely and so tempting as it circled through the broth, that before he really knew he had swallowed it himself. Then he winked silently at the five brave soldiers and they winked at him. The broth might possibly have gone spoonful by spoonful after the oysters, if Dillow had not awakened and seen the plate. His listless eyes found in terest. 'Hello, Parmlee,' he said, lifting himself a little, and sniffing expectantly "are you bringing me some oyster stew ?' 'Yes,' said Parmlee,' and he held the dipper for the giant's big, unsteady hands. He did not notice what young hands they were. Parmlee was only IS and too young himself to notice such things, or to make allowances, and he never guessed that Dillow was as young as he ; but, then, no one had ever made allowances for Dillow. It is not cus tomary to make allowances for giants. Dillow took the plate, and searched it with his eyes, and finally looked up as one does who hears some news too sad to credit. 'Oyster stew without any oysters ?' he asked. * They give the oysters to wounded men,' said the smaller boy in a grim voice. 'They think you're too much like an oyster a'ready-just as active an' fiery as an oyster, an' the same strength an' muscle to your size.' He laughed, and the five men near by joined with him like a chorus, acnd, then'licked their lips, where a pleasant little memory still lingered. Oscar Dillow looked from one to another of them and understood. A spasmodic jerking took possession of his hands, so that he could not lift the spoon. Parmlee held the dipper up impatiently, and he swallowed the broth at a single gulp, and gave the plate so s•udden a push that it flew out of Parm-. lee's hands. The little fellow looked after it in surprise, swhile Dillow Sstruggled to a sitting posture and glared at the men. SOh, you -you-you--'he began, groping wildly after invective and self justification and prophecy, but the whole wreck that he had made of his manhood and the whole insult to it rose in him, struggling together and strangling him, until his voice broke out into a cry, and he fell back upon his bed and snatched the slieet over his face to hide it. The men looked from one toanother and laughed aloud. They felt a little sleepish, but they were more certain than ever that the oysters had been well placed. 'What he needs now is his shell to crawl into,' one said. ' Don't worry,' came another hum ourous growl. 'He'll just drop into the water up Salt River and grow himself another shell. ' Plenty o' shells right here, ready an' 1 callin' for him,' chuckled still another voice, as a spitting, screaming missile went over the barn. Parmlee stooped and lifted the sheet for a final peep at the coward who lay shuddering from the sound of the shell as the live flesh shudders from the knife. " Hush, boys,' he said, replacing the sheet, and turning to hobble cheerily out as he had come. ' He's about to get a little rest. Sh-h~h-h-h I Oysters is so active that they need a little re laxation now and then. As Dillow lay there, trying to shut his ears to the comments that passed above him, the horror of the battle on the hill seemed suddenly a trifling thing com pared to the horror of his life. He threw back the sheet and sat up. The man who had eaten the first oyster rose to his elbow, too, and looked at the big boy who, had had nothing left but broth. Gettin' hungry again?' he asked. ' No,' said Dillow, passing his hand across his dizzy head. ' I'm getting up to wait until you're well enough for me to lick. He rose to his feet and staggered against the wall white and quivering. There was a small window over one of the mangers, and he looked out on fields full of confusion, where the army had swept forward to battle, leaving last week's wounded in Ferguson's barn like a drift mark on the beach. But now, from under the cloud on the hill, a wave of mien in blue were falling back and breaking like water round a rock where ever a pursuing shell exploded in their midst. Here and there an officer gal loped about, beating back the men and being overborne, and in the nearer fields the ambulances and army waggons tore back and forth like a distracted flock, sometimes colliding with one another sometimes passing over a trampled swath of fallen men. Dillow clenched his hands and looked on with his lips shut tight. The men behind him on the hay questiohed him eagerly, but he did not hear. At last he turned to them. ' Boys,' he said, and there was a sob in his throat that gave weight to the fever-thinned voice, ' boys, I'm going to lick you ; but while I wait for you to get strong enough I'm going out there.' They stared at him. '\Vhat'll you do there ?' questioned three voices at once. ' You'd be mighty useful as a breastwork, if they was forti fyin', but if they're rampagin' back here through the field--' I'll fight,' said Dillow. ' The boys are falling back. They're needing fighting men.' 'An' the oyster riz in his might, an' sez he, ' I'll fight, I'll fight I' sang the first brave soldier ; but the coward made no retort. He crept to the place were clothes were hanging in the place of varnished harnesses, and, propping himself against a stall, began to dress. His head swam his heart fluttered, his hands shook the garments, and the men looked on with interest and unbelief, throwing in sug. gestions and offering their own ward. robes-not being fighting men. When he was half dressed Dillow sat down on his pile of hay, too spent to finish. A warning, ' Sh-h-h-h !' passed from lip to lip, followed by a laugh, for they all thought that he was giving up ; but one of the five explained in his de fence : ' You don't understand, you fellows. He's ready and waitin'. He's goin' to fight on the half shell.' A light pattering of spent bullets came down on the roof, and silence fell with them. It was as if the little rattle had been a death summons to each man. Finally they looked at one another. We had ought to be moved,' some one said soberly. ' Wonder where Parmlee's gone to. He had ought to tell somebody to move us.' H'im,' said other voices, ' Parm lee's too busy movin' fellows at the front-ain't nobody to look out for US.' Dillow sat on his pile of hay, and clenched his hands between his knees. The din and turmoil grew about them as the firing came in hot and close across the fields. The angry cracking of musketry was shaken by long deep. mouthed baying from the guns, and shells screamed oftener about them. SMy God I' said one. Dillow looked up slowly and wonder. ingly at their terrified faces. It made very little difference to him to be wait ing lot death here, or to be waiting for it at the front, in action; there was nothing for him to take fire and carry him beyond the thought of danger. Knowing that these men had that which he lacked, it seemed even msre pitiful to see them all afraid. He felt that if he had gond out he might have prevented it, that out of the sheer strength of his pity he might have led the forces aside so that the firing should F not fall so close to the wounded in the barn. He could see his own ghost dash through the shot and the shell and Sbid the commnanders beat their forces Sto one side, and he followed the apparition with a breathless reverence I until he remembered that he himself r was still sitting with clenched hands I upon the hay. He jumped to his feet with an oath, and started towards the door, and fell. A bomb had struck the barn. Its ex plosion rent the air, and filled it with dust and shivered wood. For a moment DI)illow thought that hlie himself and all the rest were dead. Then he found that he could rise and look about, One side of the barn was gone, and the hay and dry wood were bursting out in fire. The stronger men were running and creeping and writhing from their beds, but there were some too weak to move, and some pinned down by timbers and these cried hoarsely after the escaping ones. Overhead the flames had sprung into the loft the stalls about the men were travelled by little tongues or fire that ran as the rats came running and squealing out of harm. Dillon bent and gathered up one of the helpless men, and took him out passing the labouring groaning ones who helped themselves. Then he ran back into the fire for the next. His knees rocked and his breath was thick with smoke. The cinders fell crackling over him, the loft sagged lower and lower towards his head. • Five I' he kept insisting to himself. 'There are five who can't move,' and he lifted another piteous form and dragged it out into the grass. It seemed to take years to go and come; the flames ate swiftly through the parched barn timbers, and the roar was like the thunder of a cannon in his ears. Three times again he stumbled back into the thick of of it, three times he came out staggering, his great weak body bending double-hlb gaunt, black ened and bleeding arms warpped about a nerveless form, the clothes burned off his back, the hair burned on his head, the blood making red furrows down his black, distorted face. A fallen beam had struck him, but he did not know. ' Five,' he was breathing in his short. thick breaths, ' five fightin' men.' He started once more, and his seared flesh burned the hand that held him back. SLemme go,' he cried, turned fiercely on the surgeon who was holding him. I got to get'em-they're fightin' men. SYou've got'em, you idiot,' screamed the surgeon, holding fast, ' You've got 'em all but the big coward, and the devil himself couldn't pull bim out of there.' Little Parmlee came hobbling up among the witnessess. ' That's him that's him,' he cried, but Dillow wrenched himself free. He had been crouching double, as if he still carried a weight, but now his eyes fell on the five brave soldiers lying smoke-stunned on the grass, and he knew that his self imposed task was done. ' All-but-the-coward,' he mut tered in a voice that came like the wind through the yellow corn. A ripple of life straightened him. He stood up sheer and black against the tower of flame that rose into the heavens finging out its long. bright banners to the sun. The exultation flickeied out, he swayed a moment, and and then little Parmlee and the surgeon caught him in their arms and laid him down. The surgeon looked up at the ex pectant faces. H' e's gone,' he said simply. ' That was a brave soldier. The men who had hats uncovered their heads in silence. Far off the regiment was surging like a wave against the hill. The tide had turned.-By hARY TRACY EARLE in Mlunsey'a ,fagazine. 