Cfte Clink or m Gold. THE AFFAIRS OF DANIEL WHITE & CO. Melb. is in for another financial squabble. Daniel White & Co., Limited, who have a big carriage factory on the St. Kilda-road, preparing to have a public washing of their linen and then go into liquidation. This concern paid when run by White himself, and was floated in the " boom" days, with Dan. White as managing director at a tidy salary. Of course the tears then began to flow ! On a capital of £60,000 vendor White guaranteed a 10 p. c. div. for a period of five years, which was a pretty big order. It was safe enough on paper. The div. guarantee was only maintained for one year, and the shareholders were left lamenting. Unfortunately the co. was not content with its Melb. business, but launched out in Perth on a large scale under the management of Mr. E. B. White, son of the managing director. Therefore the co. was quite a family affair. For a time the profits made in Perth were used to help the Melb. house, but for the last 12 months things have not gone well with the former, and the losses for the last year were £1,000. That is the story of loss according to Daniel White. However, the directors throw a different complexion on affairs, vide a private report: "In re the Perth branch, the Board regrets to state that upon investigating the returns for the year they show a loss of about £3,000, caused by the general depression in trade and gross mismanagement of our Mr. E. B. White." That's to the dead point! To digress. There is a Perth bicycle biz., owned presumably by E. B. White, and in which the Dan. White co. is much concerned—against their will, too. Appears E.B.W. bought this concern for £1,000, paying for it with one of the co.'s cheques and bills. The Board was in total ignorance of this transaction, and they say " the result has been most disastrous." The directors were made aware of this bicycle biz. by the appearance of a writ from the seller claiming the balance of the purchase money. The co. is defending this action, and Mr. E. B. White has had to " git." In November last Mr. Daniel White was granted 5£ weeks to go to Perth to straighten up things there, but he stayed months. Meantime the Board looked into the position of the co. and came across the queer fact that the Perth auditors had reported to the Board on the July '97, balance-sheet " that Mr. E. B. White had drawn an amount of £264 from the co's bank account to pay a portion of the purchase money of the bicycle business," which the said White admitted to the auditors was " entirely a venture of his own, and had no connection with the co." The directors found this tit-bit three months after it arrived in Melb. ! Why was it suppressed? When the managing director returned from his trip there was a sultry meeting with the Board, and at which it was decided to wind up. Not too soon either, seeing how little control the Board had over the concern. Actual financial position of the co. is that with the first sub. and calls some £28,307 capital was subscribed. Gross profit on the year is stated at £2,626 15s. 5d., and the gross income from the factory £18,342 8s. Outlay for material, <fcc., £21,156 12s. 9d., so that the alleged " profit" is made up out of the valuation of the stock on hand on January 21, '97, carried forward, and which is given at £10,597 14s. lid. The amount needed to balance the profit and loss account is £9,744 9s. 6d. Melb. stock on hand now set down as worth £6,437 7s. 6d.j Perth, £3,976 12s. Current account balance at Perth, £39 13s. 9d ! Also £2,000 worth of bad debts written off in the year, and the sundry debtors, more or less good, figure at £3,670 6s. lid. The optimist vendor White values the assets at £20,000, and states the liabilities at £8,000, leaving £12,000 to be divided between about 25,000 existing shares. This, of course, reads all right, but as the assets would have to be thrown on an already overstocked market that £12,000 would need cutting down by half, and it is doubtful if it would even realize that amount. Altogether this experience with White & Co. shows the public that if it wants to buy up a paying biz. it had better secure it right out and drop the vendors. By-the-way, no mention is made in the balance-sheet of the Perth bicycle biz. What has become of it ? Perhaps it is now having a jolly time with the other " wild cats" of the West. Apparently Daniel White and Co., Ltd., requires a searching examination, and the vendor, if he has any money, made to fulfil his guarantee. During the early part of the Hispano-American war the whole niechanical staff of the Melb. Argus slept at the Victoria Coffee Palace at the paper's expense In the event of any big engagement coming through the cables at an early hour in the morning the Conservative daily would have thus been enabled to bring out a late edition, and beat David Syme badly. Here is an example of how Vic. dairy farmers manage their affairs on co-operative principles. Framlingham is a first-class Western district factory. Suppliers own all the shares, and the price for milk is paid monthly according to the market returns. Everything is paid out pro rata, except the balance needed for working expenses and safety. This is how it winds up the half-year. They write off plant for depreciation, £1,020 ; buildings, £440 ; give a dividend on original capital of 7 per cent., and carry a balance forward of £804. Then, after getting full prices for their milk through the half-year, they divide a bonus of |d. per lb. on butter-fat supplied, in addition to the dividend. The year's income is over £30,000. The new arrival seeking to buy into a fairly remunerative business will find Sydney or Melbourne two of the worst spots on earth. The businesses advertised for sale are numberless, and the alleged annual profits completely take away the unexpecting buyer's breath. Every day men plank down money to secure a land " coffin ship" investment, where financial death lurks deep and the ghosts of many departed speculators stand in solemn array. Adelaide, too, is beginning to feel the breath of the business selling shark who advertises goodwills for sale that never existed. THE CRITIC has received one or two complaints anent this, and if the practice is not stopped it will have to draw public attention to the evil, and to warn unwary investors. If some of the large whisky and brandy houses of England and France would send an energetic agent on competent power, of attorney to a vigorous Sydney resident, a big harvest of fines eould be reaped from hordes of adulterators and fraudulent pretenders. In Sydney alone thousands of imitation corks and capsules of the best firms change hands weekly. They are purchased by the dozen, the gross, or the twenty gross. The Health Act, which N.S.W. trusted so much to when it was before Parliament a couple of years ago, turns out, because of slips in its wording, to be valueless in respect to spirituous drinks. Hennessy and Martell are going clean off the market because of the mad-making impostures masquerading in their names. The same is true of several brands of whiskies. It would in tlie long run pay the proprietors better, if they cannot personally or by deputy look after their local interests, to suspend sending their liquors to any province not furnished with legal machinery for laying rogues by the heels. N.S.W. wine-makers are a queer lot. Seldom are two consignments of the same named wine the same in strength, age, or aroma. Palates are educated to wine- drinking. A brand of wine grows on the consumer until he prefers it to others. In European countries men stick to certain brands all their lives. But in New South Wales the brand affords but a frail ground for reliance. The wine of one consignment may be better, but that of the next will be worse. Thus a settled taste and trained palate are impossible. The Commercial Wharf co., Adelaide, has paid its 45th div , and therefore started the ensuing term with over £5,000 to credit. This co.'s wharf property is valued at £68,642, but what it would realise, say, on a forced sale is quite a different matter. Anyhow, the holders of the 6,000 £10 shares have a very sweet div. investment. There are several of these interest earning propositions about Adelaide, but there being no market for investment stocks they are overlooked. Some effort should be made to work up this department on the Exchange. News of the insolvency of that great financial " genius," Hooley, was not received with any great interest in Adelaide. In Melbourne, however, the announcement created considerable sensation owing to the prominent notice into which Hooley came in connection with his great scheme for the amalgamation of the Australian frozen meat companies which, by the way fortunately, was not consumated. Twelve months ago Hooley was a name to conjure with in London. He made a name for himself in his gigantic flotations, amalgamations, and reflotations, chiefly of industrial companies, One of his latest ideas was to construct railways in China. The basis of his methods has always been over capitalization, the inevitable end of which is insolvency. Significant item from Perth :—Eighteen months ago there was not a single debt collecting establishment in the city ; now there are almost a dozen. No less than seven newspapers have been born in Sydney lately within the short space of five weeks. One of them, called the Ha-ha, is said to be an imitation of the Sydney Bulletin. This makes us ha-ha ! The Bank of England returns last week showed further increases to holdings of bullion and coin to the extent of nearly £1,000,000. The money market continues easy, the open market discount rate being only 1J per cent., or only half the Bank rate of 3 per cent., while most colonial Government stocks show advance during the week. The metal market continues firm, copper at £51, lead at £13 12s. 6d., and tin at £69 2s. 6d. Bull has a nice investment in the softgoods house of D- & W. Murray. Declared a half-yearly 5 J p.c. div. on the preference shares, and a 7£ p.c. interim div. on the ordinary shares. Sweet! The result of too much Federation. "SIR ISAAC PITMAN" SCHOLARSHIP.—The examination for the above Scholarship was held at the Adelaide Shorthand and Business Academy on Saturdaylast. Miss Annie M. Mitchell, a scholar of the Port Adelaide Public School, obtained the highest number of marks, aud will, therefore, hold the Scolarship for twelve months from the 3rd of July. * THE CRITIC doffs its hat to the Sydney Stock and Station Journal for this jam : There has just come to this offiee from Adelaide, S. A., a copy of THE CRITIC, a ripping good paper. It is clean, smart, and picturesque. I never saw THE CRITTC before, because I'm a poor little provincialist, instead of an Australian. This is the kind of paper that makes me howl for my localism. It's only in its first volume, certainly, but it's good enough to be all over the country with its 35th number. It hails from "Adelaide and Melbourne, "and it has not only good artists, but good writers on its staff. It is fearless enough to get the editor into gaol for libel. Its account of the loss of the " China" ought to make somebody snort, and its illustrations are simply splendid. But what I like about it, above all things, is its cleanness. Lots of people are clever, but unclean; I hate that. This paper is not only clever in its letterpress, but it's clean in its advertisements! The temptation to newspaper men to take foul, gangrened ads. is enormous. You can get good prices for ads. that you wouldn't like your children to read, but THK CRITIC, like ourselves, keeps them out. More power to it! For cosy afternoon tea and a quiet chat one will be quite satisfied and fully repaid by a visit to the Covent Garden Fruit Palace and cafe, at the Rundlestreet corner of the Arcade. There one can discuss the current topics of the day, including the fashion's frivols, while the daintily capped waitress is fulfilling the order. The large tea-room is capable of seating over 100 people—the efficiently appointed room and the marble topped tables lending a distinct air of recherche. Down below Mr. Fred Ellis, who for the past 23 years has been connected with Adelaide shipping, has turned the surroundings into a fairy garden filled with the most luscious and tempting fruits. Sweets and neat confections also abound, and nothing that one desires but can here be fulfilled and attended to. Under the new management Covent Garden is destined to become one of Adelaide's most fashionable resorts.* MISS AYLIFFE'S CLASSES at N.A. will reassemble on July 18. As Miss Ayliffe is assisted by a competent staff of assistants, and makes the training of young children an especial feature of her school curriculum, it can be highly commended to the public. A preparatory class for boys will be formed, the object being to fit them for a collegiate course in elementary work, including Latin. Mr. Francis Isaac Smith's Panama hat and balloonlike corduroys will not be seen in the Mt. Barker District Council office after June 30, for on that date life retires from the work with which he has been connected for 31 years. Smith is one of the most methodical men on the planet, and when taking his lunch he is said to time every bite by the clock. About 30 years ago someone told him fruit was good for the gout, but the little man understood his friend to say was "not good," and during that long period he abstained from all manner of orchard products. He only found his mistake recently, but is now trying to make up for lost time. An announcement respecting the new sharebroking firm of M. B. Jenkins & Co. appears elsewhere. The partners, Mr. " Mill" Jenkins and Mr. J. G. Dick, are both well and honorably known in mining circles. 