OVERGROWING HER STRENGTH. HOW DR WILLIAMS’ PINK PILLS MAKE WEAK GIRLS STRONG. Testimony from well-known and highly respected colonists is always worth printing, and the words of Mr George Marner, of “Lamington,” Victoria Road, Auburn, Victoria, are of this nature:—" I thought I would loae my daughter, Mias Alice,” «»id Mr Marner to our reporter recently, ,r ski was ovtrgrowing her strength. Medioal men could do nothing for her.” Here Miaa Marner entered and quickly told how Dr Dr Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster, “I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school,” said she; “ I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a~ doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the 'quloine tonic’ given me with regularity. Then I commenced.to feel aoute pains in my shoulders and back, aud at night I oould i soarcely get any rest.” “We tried every thing to induce sleep,” interposed Mr Marner, “ but it had no effec'; then I con sulted a well-known Collins street prac titioner. He said my daughter was suffer ing principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost.” “ Thiß time last year,” said Mi*» Alice, “I weighed 7st3lb; now l am 9it 7^.” “ A.great improvement; yonr treatment must have been beneficial ?'* "No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Ab’ually, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that oredit. Jnst before the Jubilee holidays, last year, father bought me a box of Dr Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr Pleasanoe’s, Chapel street, PraKran. They did me so rqnoh good that I continned with them. It is a long time aiooe I discontinued taking them, and I am now'as healthy as anyone could wish.” •‘ And you would recommend them?” “ Yes; and that strongly, too," said Mr Marner; " had I known of Dr Williams’ Pink PIIIb two-years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds.” Parents should think over this—good health and a hundred pounds saved. It is undisputed that Dr Williams’ Pink Pills- build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enriob the blood, and improve the brain. They are a certain cure for in digestion, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, anssmia, sleep lesßness, rbrumatißm, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregularities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces; &c.; Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr Williams Medioine Cos., care of Roeke, Tompsitt and Cos., Flinders street, Mel bourne, who will forward six boxes for fifteen and threepence, or one box for two and nine, post free. 