? A DETECTIVE STORY. CHAPTER T. SOMETHING WBONG. BY LAWRENCE L. LYNCH, httor of "No Proof," "Moina," &C.; It wax a May morning in Glenville. " TTY,. pictxiresquo Glenville, low lying the lake shore, with the waters of the S surging to meet it, or coyly receding L it, on the one side, and the greenills rising gradually -and gently on her, ending in a belt of trees at the BGR-horizon's edge. ire is little movement in the qniet 8 of the town at half-past' eight K in the morning, save for youugere,-who walking, running, leaping, kuntering or waiting idly, one foranother, re, or should be, on theirway totheschoolxrase. which stands upon the very buthernmost outskirts of tlie town, and [little way up the hilly slope, at a reasonily safe remove from tlie willow-fringed ke shore: . The Glenville 6chool-houee was one of a -jgarliest p >blic buildings erccted in B'-villaae, and it had heen " located " in at was confidently expected to be the itre of the place. But the new and e-coming impetus, which had changed ) hamlet of half a hundred dwellings to ) of twenty times that number, and de of it a quiet and not too fashionable ' > summer resort, had earned the busiof*the place northward, and its sidences still farther north, thus leaving "A Beat of learning aloof from, and quite ARE the newer town, in isolated and Y dignity, surrounded by trees ; in outskirts, in fsct, of a second belt of , .which girdled THE lake shore, even > further and loftier frinse of timber id the hilltops at the edge of the I horizon and far-away. ' Les call J -ER the fcademy ?" suggested as Bobbins, one of the builders of the hooltouse, and AN early settler of JenviSe. " What'® to hinder ?" 'NcSftfa'." declared John Bote, the GE otacle. "Twill sound first-rate." tey were standing outside (he buildjust-completed and resplendent in »coateof yellow paint, and tliey were from the labour of putting in, ngin 1 " the new bell. All ScCtaascuIine Glenville was present, nd THE^OUIER sex was not without repreentation. " Suits me down ter the ground !" comaented a third citizen ; and no doubt it limuld have suited the majority, hut when IParson Ryder was consulted, he smiled ligeniallvand shook his head. I " It won't do, I'm afraid, Glias " he [said. " "We're only a village as yet. you Eeee, and we can't even dub it the High fSohool,-except from a geographical point 'of view However, we are bound to 1 GROW* and our titles wi 1 come with the growth. The growth, after a time began ; but T it was only -a • summer growth ; and the fcschool-house was still a viiage school- [,honse"withits master and one under, or primary, teacher; and to day there was a ' Isking group of the smaller youngsters shing about the Gchnol-yard, while the st be'-L rang out, and half a dozen of e older pupils clustered about the girlish ader-teacher full of questions and derj for Johnnv Xtobbins, whose IT W»s to ring the bell this week, watching the c'-ock, and the pat.li up hill, .alternately, -until the time for Blfiret'bell .had -come, and was actual'y renty second* past, had reluctantly hut NLV seraed'the roi>e and began to pull. "Taint no nse, Miss Grant; FL] have it. HE told me not to wait fnr L', never, when 'twas half-past ght, and so "—ding, clang, cling— — '-bound "—cling—"ter do it 1" ; '"'Ton see " cling—"even if he nt II " Clang, clang, clang. JJLE pul'ed lusti'y at the rope for ont half Jong as usual and then he •FV^ JI^I V pose that clock c'nd be onldovo' M^C^T ? Mr Brierlv's • been W N Q , " ^ ore." » Grant TUIEC^ ™ TFUL * ND bmewhat anxious eyeb K ^ " ^ 6 EAS< T 1 porizon, and rested A H - * 8 ? "P 0 ® boulder of A tall pirl at her . M E 1 " He may be ill, Johnny, she said. UGPTM%R'" or his watch may b. ^ WRO ? G " LE^FLSBLIO tome in time'for M.'* N,I ! C M >ng service. Come, Meta. let us G. »D ^AREAJOPK at those fractions." T JTIVE^TEP—.fifteen minutes passed ANA ' o heads 'bent .still over book and .Twenty minutes, and Johnny's . appeared AT the door, half a dozen ATHENS behind it. «• Haa^Beoome, Johnny ?" " No'M - SHA'n't 1 go an' see " But' Miss' , G'rant arose, stopping him' rith'UlgeBture. *' He would lauzh at us nny." - Then with another look at he anxious.. faces, " wait until nine ' -'"ck, at least" * '-M'v and MB followers went sullenly > porch, and Meta's lips began •'••UTI oomethin'S happened to him, Miss int,*'she whimnered; "Iknowsomo- D' has happened!" 'Nonsense," said MIKE Grant. But feshe went to the windo wand called a little ;lrl at"play upon the green. " Nellie Fry 1 Come here, dear." Nellie Fry, an a, b, c student, came, (Tunning in, her yellow locks flying ilghtont behind her. .'What is it. Miss Grant 1" 'Nellie, did you see Mr Brierly at [ Ireakfast ?" *•' TES'm 1" " And—quite well 1" "Why—I guess so. He talked VJUST^ [ like he does always, and asked the bless- |TN\ He—lie ate a lot, too—for him. I [ ""member ma speakin' of it. J ' "You remember, Nellie." MI«« Grant kissed the child and walked JIFCO her desk, ben TOG -over her roll call, ' «ND seeming busy over it until the dock ' Upon the opposite wall struck the hour of VINE, and Johnny's face appeared at the <4oor, simultaneously with the last Stroke. SHLL I RM?, Miss Grant I" \- "Ye»." The girl spoke with sudden decision. " Ring the bell, and then go AT once to Mrs FRY's honse, and ask if anything has happened 'to detain MR Brierly.. Don't loiter, Johnny." .. THERE was an unwonted flush now upon ITHE KILL'S usually pale cheeks, «hd SND&N; •energy IN her step and voice. The school building contained but two TOOMS, beside the large hall, and the -cloak rooms upon either Bide ; and as the ^scholars trooped in, taking their respec- IAVE 'PL&ces.; with .more than -their usual ."ttadiness, bat with unusual bastle «ND •EXEHUGIE of whispers and inquiring looks, "ibe DENDER^IID'^RENT once inore. to - the -entrance "and ' looked NP' I^ID *d6wn the JAIH from the village. . There was no one in sight, and she 'tamed and pnt her hand upon the swaying beU-Tope. "Stop IT, JJOHNNYL There's smlely •somelhing'wrong 1 Go, now,-arid ask RAFTER MR Brieriy. He most 1>E ill 1" . SENT word, sure," said .the —(JNA'^&NWI;^ONJTIS he'enatshed HIS AITE NIOLTUT Miss Giant wily room, where the ^der pupils were now, for themostpart, assembled. "Girls and boys," Bhe SMD,,THE oolonr •till burning in-her CHSSKS, "something has delayed. MR Biierly. L iope it will be for a Bhort time only. In ihe meantime, until we ..know—know what to expect, you will, of courae, keep your places and take up your" studies. 1 am sure I can trust you to be as qniet and studious as if your teacher was here ; and while we wait, and I begin my lessons, I shall set no monitor over you. I am sure you will not need one." The pupils of Charles Biierly were ruled by gentleness and love, and they were loyal to so mild a ruler. . With low whispers and words of acquiescence, they took up their books, &nd; Miss Grant went back to her more restless small people, leaving the connecting door between tLe north and south rooms open. Mrs Fry's cottage was in the heart of the village, and upon the hillside, but Johnny stayed for nothing, running hither, hat in hand, and returning pantinc, and with a troubled face. " Miss Grant," "he panted, bursting into her presence with scant ceremony, "he aiut TH'TQ I Mrs FRY says he came to school before eight o'clock. He went out while she was combiu' Nellie's hair, an' she aint seen him since I" Hilda Grant walked slowly down from her little platform and advanced, with a waring moment, until she stood in the doorway between the two rooms. The colour had all faded fvom her face, and she put a hand against the door-pane as if to steady herse'f, and seemed to control or compress herself with an effort. "Boys—children—nave, any of you seen MR Brierly this morning ?" For a moment there was an utter silence in the school-room. Then, slowly, and with a sheepish shuffling movement, a Btolid-faced boy made his way out from one- of the side seats in -Miss Grant's room, and came towards her without speaking. He was meanly dressed in garments ill-matched and worse fitting ; his arms were, abnormally long, his shoulders rounded and stooping, and his eyes were at once dull and furtive. He was the larsest pupil, and the dullest; in Miss Grant's charge, and as he came towards her, still silent, butwilinhis mouth half open, some of the little ones tittered audibly. " Silence said the teacher, sternly. Peter come here, cime here." Her tone grew suddenly gentle. " Have you seen Mr Brierly thi6 morning ?" OH hum!" The b-JY stopped shori and huns his head. "That's good news Peter. Tell MG where yon saw him." " Down there," nodding toward the lake. "At the—lake?" "VepJ" " How long ago, Peter F" " 'Fore school—hour, maybe." " How far away. Peter ?" " Big ways. Most by Injun HilL" " ! and what was he doing ?" "Set on ground—lookiri'." " Miss Grant 1" broke in the boy Johnnv. " He was goin'*to .shoot-at a mark ; I guess he's cot a new TARGET down there, an' some of the boys shoots there, you know. Gracious !" his eyes suddenly widening, " Dj-'u s'pose he's GOT hurt, : anyway 1" * _ Miss Grant turned quickly toward the simpleton. " Peter, you are sure it was this moming that you saw Mr Brierly ?" " XJh hum." " And was he alone F" "Uhhutn." " Who -else did yon see-down {HERE,* Peter I" The boy lifted his arm, - fihieldin g .DRIS eyes with it as if expecting a blow. " I bet some one's tried, ter bit HIM!" commented Johnny. "Hush, Johnnv! Peter,..WHAT is.it? Did someone frighten you ?" The boy wagged his head. "Who was it?" " N—Nothin' — " P-oter began * to whimner. "You must answer me, Peter; was any one else by the lake ? Whom else did you see V' '' A—A—ghost!" blubbered the boy, and this was all she could -gain from him And now the children began to whisper, and some of the elder to suggest possibilities. " Maybe he's met a tramp." " P'r'nps he's sprained his ankle !" "P'r'aps he's failed into .the lake, teacher," piped a six-year-old. ." Poh 1" retorted A-small bay. "He kin-swim like—anything." '"Children, L>E silent!" A look of annoyance had suddenly relaxed the strained- °etlook -of the under teacher's white face as she recalled, at the moment, >w«he liad heard MR Samuel Doran— xident of the board of school.directors A^*- Mr BriBrly to drop in at his office that N. *orning to look at some specimen school ^^K 8 - THAT was tlie evening before an. ^ doubtless, lie was there now. Miss Gra. NT ^ ^R lip, vesed at her folly and Irig ^ ® UT A moment'S reflection she turned agam to Johnny Bobbins, saying ~ , , , TO Tohiiny, wili U G° BACK as far as Mr Doran's house ? GO to the office door, and if Mr Brierly isX^&RE;, as I think he wiU be, ask him if he **>uld like me to hear his classes>until he faliberty." Again the ready MESSE. ,, E«„ CAO ?W ; . N P his flapping straw hat, - , *» I3E A "«le flutter of relief ran through » E school, and Miss Grant went back TO^ Jjerdesk, the look of vexation still upon hwr face. Five minutest brisk trotting brought the boy to Mr Doran's, which WW AMCH nearer than the Fry homestead, leu I than five minutes found him again *T the school-house door. " MisB Grant," he cried, excitedly, he wa'n't there, nor haint been; an" Mr Doran's starian' light out, with two or three other men, to hunt him.^ He says tiirae's eomethin' wrong about it" CHAPTER IL POTWRR " I suppose itfe all right," said Samuel Doran, as he walked toward the schoolhouse,-followed by three or four of THE' villagers, " called " because of their nearness,. rather than "chosen F _"but Brierly'S certainly ihe last roan faHet ANY] ordinary matter keep him from his poet. Well hear what Miss Grant ^bas to say." ; Miss Grant met the group at the gate,: and whenshe had told them fillshe had to tell, ending with ihe testimony of the boy Peter. and the suggestion concerning the/target-shooting.' > ; s. "Sho !" broke in one of the. men, as she was -aboat to express her personal opinion and her fears, "thafs the top'anV bottom of the hull business! Brieriy'E xegulariy took with a-Bhootin' IT S mark. TVB been £OUT with him two -or-three evenins of late. He's just got int'nisted, ^ND foiyot ter look at his watch. We'll find him safe enough somVres along. $HE Jbaakj LSFJI CIIT across the woods." - . - r. He must have heard Ihe bell," ?DBjected Mr Doran, "bnt, OF -OOURSEI~IF -Peter Kramer saw him down there, thafs our way. Don't be anxious,\MIBS &NNT; : probably Hopkins Is I^HT.^ " * .• \- The road WH63I they followed for some; idistanceTan.H^Bomewh^-devious «ONIM JQUWUGH" the wood, - which one - entered IVTNY wxmafter leavingthe «chool-honse. :< JTAI-ALONGSIHE H™ "" ground, in width, between it and the lake shore. Above the road, to eastward, Ihe wooded growth climbed the 'GENTLE upward slope, growing, as it seemed^ more and more dense and shadowy as it mounted. Bnt between the road and THE river the trees grew less densely, , with numerous sunny openings, but withmuch undergrowth, here AND there, of hazel and sumach, wild vines, and along the border of the lake the low overhanging scrub willow. For more than a fourth of a mile the four men-followed the road, walking in couples, and not far apart, and contenting themselves with an occasional "hallo, Brierly,'" and.wit.h PARING iiito the openings through which they could see the lake shore »s they passed -along. A little further on, however, a bit of rising ground cut off all sight of the lake for a short distance. It was - an. oblong mound, so .shapely, so evenly - proportioned that it had become known as the Indian Mound, and was believed to have been the work of the aborigines, a prehis toric fortification, or burial place; As they came opposite this monnd' the man Hopkins stopped, saying— *' Hadn't a couple of HIS fellers better eo round the mound on . t'other side ! Course, if he's on the bank, an' all right,. he'd ort to hear us -bnt -" " Yes;" broke in'the leader, .who. had been silent and very grave for some moments. " Go that way, Hopkins, mid wa'LL keep to the road and meet you at the further end of the mound." They separated silently, and for. some moments Mr Doran and his companions walked on, still silent, then— "We ought to have brought that simpleton along," Dorau said, as if meditating. " The Kramers live only ajquar- TEROF a mile beyond the jnound, aud it must have been near -here—Stop 1" He drew his-companions back from the track, as a pony's head appeared around A. curve of the READ; AND then, as-a black Shetland and low phaeton came in sight, he stepped forward again, and took offhis hat. He was squarely in the middle of the road, and the lady in the little phaeton pulled up her pony and met his gaze with a look of mute inquiry. She was & small;, fair woman, with pale, regular features and large blue eye?. She was dressed in mourning, and, beyond a doubt, was-not ® native of Glenville. * Excuse my haste, ma'am," said Doran, coming to the side of the phaeton. " I'm James Doran, owner of-Ihe, stable where this horse belongs, and we are out in search of our schoolmaster. Have you seen ar tall young man alogg. this road any where ?" The lady was silent a moment, IHEN-R- " Was HE a fair young man ¥' she asked, slowly. ^ " Yes, tall and fair." The lady gathered up her reins. "I pissed such a person," she said,- " when I drove out of town shortly after breakfast. He -was going south, as I ,wae. It must have been somewhere not far from this place." " And—did you see his face ?" " NO; the pony was fresh then, and' I was intent upon him." She lifted-the reins, and then turned as if to speak again when the man who had been a silent witness of the little dialogue came a step nearer. " I s'pose yon HAVEN'T heard any noiseR pistol shot—nor anythin'like that, have ye, ma'am ?" Mercy! No, indeed! Why, what has happened F" - Before either could answer, there came A SHONT^FROM the direction «F ,THBI4AKE^ shore. ' ' ... - ;•. "Doran, come—quick!" -T. They were directly opposite the mound; at its-central or highest poiat, and, turning swift'Y, James Doian saw the man'J Hopkins at the top of it, waving his arms frantically. Is he found?""called Doran, moving toward him. " Yes. He's hurt!" With the words Hopkins disappeared -behind the knoll, but Doran was near; enough to see that the man'S-face was scared and pale. He turned and called sharply to the lady, who had taken-UP her whip and wasdHving.on. "Madam, stop. There'S a man hurt. Wait there a moment; we mav need your. 1 honsB." The last words were uttered as he can up.the.mound, his companions close at his heels. And the lady checked the willing pony once more, with a look hal&reluctant;, wholly troubled. " What a position." she said to heraelf, impatiently. " These villagers are not diffident, upon my word." A-few-moments only had passed when ^ approaching footsteps and the sound of quick panting breaths caused her to torn ^ her head, and -she saw James Doran - running swiftly toward her, pale faced, and too full of anxiety to be observant of J the courtesies. You must let me drive back to town : with you, madam," he panted, springing : into the little -vehicle with. a.force THAT-; tried its springs and-wrought havoc withthe voluminous folds of the lady's gown.'- We must hare the: dpctoe, and- rthe. coroner, too, 1 fear—at once!" He put out his hands for the reins, but ] she anticipated, the movement and struck the pony .A-sharp .and sudden blow that sent him galloping townward at the top. of hiB speed, the reins .stall lnvher-.TERO small, perfectlyrgloved hands. For a few moments no word . was: spoken; .then, without turning her ^YES from the road, she asked— " What is it ?" -...•; " Death, Tm afraid 1" "What I Not suicide?" . v. " Never. An accident, of course." -: "How horrible!" The small hands tightened their grasp upon the reins, and AO other word was spoken until they-were passing the school-house^ when she asked— "Who was it?" : " Charles Briorly, our liead teacher and a-soodman." Miss Grant was standing at one of >1he. front windows and the leaned anxiously out as Ihe little trap darted past. ' •- • We can't stop," -said Doran, AS much tohimselfBstohiBcon'panion. "Inmst have -the pony, ma'am. 'Where INN X: leave you? •- " Anywhere here. Is'there anylhing— any messsge -1 can deliver 1 I am A etranger, but I understand the need^of haste. Ought uot those pupils to besent home?" - He pot HIB hand upon ihe TEMS "Stop him,'' he said;. " You :ARE4MDC to -FLUNKY madam.Will you tase -»' message to 'THE sdiool-honse—to MISS iStantf ' "Surely." - . - - - Shey had passed the adiool-'i-.OI'.BI. ANA M the pony stopped Doran SPRANGOTRT AN^ offoed'his hand, which SJIO scarcely touched in alighting. ^ " What shall I-FLAY F EHEA^KUD as SUE MQOLG^OWN. . TI ;. • .: «SEE Miss Grant. -TdWier privately 4hat MR Brierly has met with UA tccident, and ihat thejhildrenTnurtibe FECTTOIIIE quieOy and at onoe. once, mind. !! "1 -understand." She vtaraed SV.SLV IWIFLI^ILTII3C,4ierroua movement, but AS stopped HOT." < - \- "One MOMENT. YOUR^ name, PMTT ( Your«ridenbe-inay be WANTED" "•FOIAOML'' , - " - " " * ^ —'LBORSFE OTIR " I see. I am Mrs Jamieson; at the Glenville House." She turned from' him with the last word, and walked swiftly back toward the school-house. Hilda Grant was still at the window. She had made no attempt to listen to recitations, or even to call the roll ; and she hastened out,-at sight of the blackrobed figure entering the school-yard, her BIG grey eyes full of ihe question her lips refused to frame. They met at the foot of the steps, and Mis Jamieson spoke at once, as if in reply to the wordless inquiry in the other's face. " I am Mrs Jamieson," she saidj speaking low, mindful ot the curious faces PEERIPG oat from two; windows, on either side of the open door. "I was stopped ^'•MR Doran ?" " Yes. He wished me to.-tell yon that the teacher, MRRR-—" "Briery?" " Yes ; that he has met with an accident ; and that you had better close -the school, and send the children home quietly, and at once." "Oh !" Suddenly the WOMAN'S small figure swayed J she threw out a hand as if-for support and, before the half-dazed girl beforp her conld reach hpr, she JWNK weakly npon the lowest, step. " Oh I" she sighed again. " I did not realise—1 —1 believe I am frightened 1". And then, as Miss Grant bent oyer her, she added weakly: "Don'tmind me. I—I'L' rest here a moment. Send away your pupils; I only need rest." When the wondering children 'had passed, OUT, from the swiool-rooms, and were scattering in Blow^moving eagerlytalking groups, .Hilda Grant stood for a moment beside her desk, -rigid and with all the angnish of her soul revealed, in this instant of solitude, npon her face. He is dead!" she murmured. " T &now; it, I feel it ! He IB dead." Her voioe, even to herself, sounded hard and. strange. She lifted a cold hand to her (EYES, but there were no tears there; and ithen suddenly she remembered her gaest. A moment later, Mrs Jamieson, walking weakly up the steps, met her coming from the school room with a glass of water in her hand, which-she proffered silently. The stranger drank it eagerly. " Thank you,':' she said. "It is what I need. May J come inside for a little ?" Hilda led the way in silence, and, when her- visitor was seated, came and sat down opposite her. " Will you tell toe „what you can ?" she asked hesitatingly. ' " Willingly. Only it is -so little. I have heen for some time a guest at the Glenville House -seeking to recover here in your pure air and country quiet, from the effects of sorrow and a long illness. I have driven about these hills and along jthe lake chore almost daily." "I have seen you," said Hilda, "as yon drove past more than once." *.* And did you see me this morning ?" "No." -"Still, I passed -this spot a,t eight o'clock ; I think, perhaps, earlier. My physician -has -cautioned -me against long drives, and this moraine I did not go quite so far as usual; because yesterday X went too far. I had turned my pony toward home juBt beyond that pretty mill where the' little streams join the' lake, and was .driving.slowly homeward when this Mr Doran—is not that right 1—this MR Dpran stopped to ask me if I had seen A^NAN. A tall, fair man——*' « And^bad yon?" " J T^D^ LUM .YES ? and in a pipment_ IOME' ON^IPPEARED AT the'ildp OF THE Indian. Mound..and called out that the man was found" . " How^tell ine how ?" Mrs Jamieson drew back A little and looked into the girl's face with strange intentness. - \- " I—J fear he was a friend of yours,' she said in a stxpngely hesitating manner, her eyes swiftly scanning the pale face. "Youfear! WHV do you fear? Tell me. You sav he is injured. Tell me all .—the worst I" \- Still the small, erect, black-clad figure DRAWBACK, a look OF^DDEN understanding and apprehension dawning in her face. She moved her lips, but no sound came from them. _ _ " Tell me!" cried the girl again. " In mercy—oh, don't you understand ?" "Yea, I understand now." The lady drew weakly back in the.seat, and Beamed to bgLCompelling her own eyes and lips.to Steadiness. . "Listen! We musHie calm—both of us. I—I am not strong; I dare not give way. Yes, yes ; this is all I can tell you. The man, Mr Doran, asked me to wait in the road with the pony. He came back -soon, and said that we must find the doctor and -the coroner at once; there had .been an accident, and the man—the one for whom they searched —was dead, he feared." . She sprang suddenly to her feet. " You must not faint. If yon do, I— I cannot help yon;. I am not strong enough." I .shall not. faint," replied Hilda -Giant, in a hard -strange voice, and Bhe, too. arose quickly, and went with straight swift steps'ihrough the open door between the two rooms and out of sight. Mrs Jamieson stood looking after her for a moment, as if in doubt and wonder ; then she put up «N -.unsteady hand -and drew .DOWN the .gauze .veil folded back from her dose-fitting mourning bonnet. " How -strange 1" - she whispered. "She turns from me as if—and yet I had to tell her ? UGH ! I cannot - stay here alone. I shall break down, too, and I must not. I- must not. Here, and alone!' \- UA -moment she-stood - irresolute, then walking slowly .she went out of the school-room, down the stone steps, and Shrough the gate, townward, slowly at £ret,- and then her pace increasing, and a look OOF- apprehension .growing in her Oh, "-SHE -murmured ^ASSHE 'hurried JON;"what A horrible morning 1" . And jthen she started hysterically. osthe shriek OF the incoming fast maHtramstruck her. ears. - " Oh,-how nervous this has made MO.' she murmured, and drew a BIGH OF jrelief as she. paused unsteadily at the 4oor of her hoteL T. . . „. .. -For fully fifteen minutes after Hilda Grant had .reached the empfy. solitude of her own school-room she 'stood crouching against' the nearest wall,- her hands clenohed and hanging 'TIGHT at her side, her eyea fixed on space. Then, with eyes still iearless, but with dry ^BOHS breaking dfrom her throat, die tottered to I>er seat beforethe "desk, and le'-ttr JLCO fall forward upon.her arms, immmr.:- MM tune to fame like some hurt s:;.RII!,and BO heedless OF allabout her T'!:A fbs did not hear a light step IN the R.-IU without, nor the approachof the IRNT N RINSED lm -the doorwayjto gaze »ltM>»:-' lubledsurprise. " " He ww .-tall and elepderyotmg feUajr. W-TLI a Lndsome &oe;, an eye clear, frrnk. keen, and a mouth muoh, bat fr- 3 oustache which-shadowed .it, ITlCIlt been pronounoed too strong for BE; A ir.'jlmenthestood looking -mth^wisii! plty .TOon the grieving ]«rc(man, and di«! he -torned and -sileifiy iSp-tood aenss^he room and to the outer door. BTS &EN;,isottJy platform, he seated himself in the teacher's ohair and- idly opened the first of DIE volumes scattered over the desk, smiling as he read the same, Charles Brierly, written across the fly-leaf. - "Poor old Charley," hesaidto himself, AI he dosed the book. " I -vjonder how he enjoys his pedagogic, venture, the absurd fellow," and then by some strange instinct he lifted, his eyes .to the clock on the opposite Wail, and the strangeness of the situation seemed to strike him with sudden-force and brought him to his feet, What did it mean ! This silent schoolroom ! These empty desks and scattered books I Where were the pupils ? the teachers ?. And why was that browil tresBed head with its hidden face bowed down in that other room, in an agony, of sorrow ? Half a dozen quick strides brought him again to the door of communication, and this time his strong, firm footsteps were heard, and the bowed head lifted itself wearily, and the eyes of the two met, each questioning the other. "I beg your pardon," spoke a rich, strong voice. " May I ask where I shall find Mr Brieriy ?" Slowly, as if fascinated, the girl came towards him, a look almost of terror in " Who are you?" she faltered. " I am Robert Brierly 1 had hoped to find my brother-here at. his post. Will you tell me—" But the sudden cry TORN her lips checked him, and the pent-hp tears burst forth.as Hilda Grant, her heart wrung with pity, flung herself down upon the low platform, and sitting there with her face bent upon her sleeves, sobbed ont her own sorrow in her heart-break of sympathy for the grief that mnst Boon overwhelm him and strike the happy light from his face. Sobs choked her utterance,. and' the young man stood near her, uncertain, anxiouB, and troubled, until from the direction of the.town the sound of flying wheels smote their ears, and Hilda sprang to her feet with a Bharp cry. " I must tell you; you muBt bear it as well as I. Hark ! they are going to him; you must go, too !" She turned towards the window, swayed heavily, and was caught in his arms. It was a brief swoon, but, when she opened her eves and looked about her, the sound of the flying wheels was dying away in the distauce. southward. He had found a pail of pure spring water, and applied some of it to her hands and temples with the quickness and ease of a woman, and he now held a glass to her lips. She drank feverishly, put a hand before her eyes, raised herself with an effort, and seemed to struggle mutely for selfcontrol. Then she turned towards him. I am Hilda Grant," she said, brokenly. " My brother's friend ! My sister that is to be!" No, no; not now. Something has happened. You shou'd Jiave gone with those men—with the doctor. They are going to bring him back.' " Miss Grant, sister 1" His hands HAD closed firmly upon HER vtuts, -and his voice was firm. " You must tell me ihe worst, quick. Don't seek to spare me ; think of him ! What is it ?" " HE—he went from home early, with his pistol, they say, to shoot at a target. He is dead!" \- " Dead 1 Charley dead I Quick! Where is he ? 1 must see, I must Oh ! there' must be some horrible mistake. He sprang towards the door, but she was before him. Gq this way. ^HERE is . his wheel. -®ake -tfc.- <3oBonthr!rtho Jakofihore—the Indian Mound.". A moment later a young man with pallid face, set mouth, and tragic eyes was. flying towards the Indian Mound npon a swift wheel, and in the schoolroom, prone upon the floor, a girl lay in A-death-like swoon. (To be Continued;. 