Terrible Burning Acoident. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FlYING-FAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvie had the misfortune to slip and full on the hot water pipes, and, before he could he rescued, he was scalded and horni in a terrible way. The shock of the burotng and the fall proved to he very disastrous for Mr. Jorvis, and for a numhereof yearuoflerhe was a confirmed invalid, ouflerieg terribly from locomotor atotia and ether forms of paralysis. A few macthe age, however, reports began to he circulated in the neighhourhood that Hr. Jasrvto was getting round again, end that he had had a most mar vellous recovery from thisoapporently iscorohle malady. It woe en aecoont of these romouro that a special reporter from the Sydney Worber was despatohed to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he mode his way to his houses, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thee. Jarvis wao discovered nursing a two-year-sld hahy, and his fare declared him one of the hoppiest men -in Sydney. Ho woo op and about, and able to answer the knock at the dour. Altloungh pale and heaving stilt a few marks of a critical illoese and a period of pain, itwwo very clear that he was an invalid no In reply to the prelimary questions he said: -"'You want to know all about my case? Well I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering ?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms?" " Simply indescribable. The poins were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuis anBe to myself and everyone else. I was in cessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions. " Did you make use of the order?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a ques lion oe days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor staxia, or progressive locomotor acsy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterined by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-or dinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the usa of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler- maker in England, which 1 read in the .-ustralian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial, anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvello.s as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appe tite and rest I had for many a day. It was in credible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there ? They are perteetly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me be fore I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." "He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved hie life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe alt the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlopiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it con firms what is said in all the chief newspapero of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They core locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anomina, pale and sallow com plexion, general muscular weakness, indi gestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c.; Mr. J. S. T. id-Gowen, leader of the Labour Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from in fancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvit was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to lydney Hospital, as his case had been pro nounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, there fore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists. or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Darragh's Buildinqs, Queen. street, Brisbane, who will forward, post paid, en receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s. 9id. or half-andocen for 15s. ld. lee that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. 