ST. GEORGE'S CATHEDRAL. Yesterday being Whit Sunday the Bishop preached in the morning on the symbols which marked the descent of the Holy' Ghost at Pentecost, and the tokens bv ?which His abiding presence might be recognised. The celebration which followed was folly choral, tne service used being Monk in C. At the evening service tbe Bishop again preached on the subject of the day. After dwelling on the necessity for enthusiasm in the work of doing good, lie said that he would like to refer to one of the greatest examples of enthusiasm ever seen. He believed that Gladstone's name would go down to posterity as that of the greatest man of this -century. Others had been greater in various walks of life, in science or the art of -war. but none had done more for humanity than he whose loss they now deplored. Ha- had great powers, und he was the idol of millions, not only in tbe old country bnt also all over Europe. What wss the secret of his cuccess? It was trae that he had vronderfcl capacities, a gigantic intellect, a voice which one who had heard it woald never forget — liquid and penetrating, with an earnestness which went home to the hearts of his hearers. Bnt be yond all this he was a good man. There was the secret of his power — paople recognised his goodness ; they saw that what he did was done from' the 'highest motives. Members of tne English Church were not likely to forget that he was one of her brightest 'sons. His lull for the disestablishment of die Irish Church was very strongly objected to .by that body, but he (the preacher) believed that it had done infinite good. That church could now show that she trusted not hi the strong aim of the law bnt in the power of the Spirit, and she was now senoing out two of her sons to work hi this colony. Gladstone's .Burials Bill had met with bitter opposition, but it had done more *-k»T» anything else to Jsreab down the ill-feeling of the Noncon formists at nome. No qfearnel was so bitter as that about' the dead, and that quarrel was now set at rest for ever. Gladstone's vic tories were those of peace, fie was. the de fender of the oppressed and the redrexser of public wrongs. He mhrht have committed mistakes, bat some of tfaess so-called mis takes might turn out to he the wisest acts that any statesman could bring forward. Whether in power or not, he was still a humble. Christian gentleman. None ever ac cused him of self-seeking or of fading to jrive his bast powers for the service of humanity. As long as God granted our empire each men. trilling to devote their powers for the good of others, we need not despair, for we should know that the position of men and women weald slowlv but gradually improve, and that life -would be made holier and sweeter than before. We ought to thank God for such a life as Gladstone's, and to pray that more men like hint might be raised up. jnen of enthusiasm and earnestness, for it needed earnest men to go on furlitinc and struggling year after year, when then- fellow men teem often so ungrateful. Gladstone's life -would bs an incentive to all those who were work ins for their country to fight on in the midst cf difficulties. At the close of the service the unaccom panied quartette. 'God is a Spirit.' from Sterndale Bennett's c»ntata 'The Woman of Samaria.' -was suna; by Masters Everett. Marminsr. and Fa«w (trebles). Mr. G. H. Fwd and Master Hill (altosK Messrs. Brick hill and Gillet (tenors), and Messrs. Andrew and Hicks (basses). Herbert Spencer has placed it upon record that on stoics- over 'all he wrote during a year's vegetarianism he con sumed the MSS. in toto to the fire ijord Tennyson is writingr a number of additional notes to bis father's poems, which will include much entirelr fresh information. : 