A FREE TRANSLATION. M oss than 60 years aco there was &i;___ comic actor in tbe Irish capita! named Sheen—Dsn Sheas be was familiar)] called—for many years connected will Hawkins slreet Theatre Royal. He was always on most excellent terms with the geds (or occupants of the “ niggers' heaven," to borrow an Americanism), who, however, sometimes caused him much embarrassment, when it fell to ins (ot to speak a few words on ibeeias*. « Speak #9, Dan, and “ Bravo Dan, and “ Morrow to ye, Dan," though shouted jo lone* indicative the most frifodly fvelioB. wore cries dot calculated Io aid poor Bhean in the. to him, a( all times in. tensely difficult feat of remembering the wordo set down for bim. An amusiog story is told of him On one occasion “ Cnriolanua" waa being performed for several mght«, in which the Roman Soldiers appeared carrying tbe standard* of tbe Republic. Upon these were inscribed tbe usual letters 6 P.Q.R, the initials of the word* Seaatttt fopuhuq\ Somamu Ih e signification of il letters was a sore puaxle to some of Manager Harris’ “ Roman troops,” and one warrior took occasion to ask Dean*8heau for an explanation ot the mysterious characters. The financial position of the management was, at tbe time, in a very unsatisfactory state, and the appearance of the Treasury “ ‘ghost’ on Saturday afternoons bad become exceedingly irregular. Dan looked with a humorous twinkle at bis interrogator, and replied. “ I ’ll tell yon, me boy, the meaning of them letters They stand for * Salaries paid at a queer rate. ’ ’’ Dan’s translation got abroad, and caused many a hearty la^gb, eheckvd by an occasional «igh at, its cruelly close application, and was carried to tte e a rk o f the manager, who, on the first opportunity, took Sbean to task, and remonstrated with him. Again, Dan’s eyes twinkled with his native humor, and feigning Mtoniphpient at so mooitroui a charge, ' ‘Sure, air,"be replied, ‘‘I never said such a thing. Iw*e*«led the met ing: of the letters, and X said they stood for * salaries paid quite regular ’ n Hrom n the -f Humors of the Theatre/’ in the QentteU . MaqatimA 