SATURDAY, JUtfE 25, 1898. OPENING OF PARLIAMENT. His Excellency's opening speech shows that the Government have made compara- ! tively few additions to their policy. But there are nevertheless both abundance and variety in the bill of fare pre- ; sented, and Ministers cannot seriously imagine that Parliament will be able to deal finally this session with one-half of the measures proposed by them, if , indeed so many. The non- contentious matter is ol formidable amount, and the . questions certain to provoke warm and ! protracted controversy are numerous. I Ministers, we are told, 'feol that the ; session can be more profitably employed by close attention to the measures already specified than by any less j thorough efl'ort to grapple with ' more work.' This paragraph of the speech reads almost like an apology for a slender programme, but as | a fact it comes after a long list of pro- 1 mised Bills, which would furnish sum- j cient pabulum for a couple of sessions. It would seem as though Ministerial faith in the legislative capacity of Parliament were unshaken by experience. Year i after year Governments find it increas- ! ingly difficult to get even a moderate j quantity of business satisfactorily dis- j posed of. Debates are longer and less con clusive, and important measures drag on from one Parliament to another. This is not simply a local phenomenon, but is : complained of in nearly every Parliament of ? the world. Some of the incidental results ; of the heavier and slower working of the j legislative machinery are very unfortu- i nate. Imperial statesmen, like Mr. iJalfour, assert that it is practically com- ! pelling Governments to submit their j measures in instalments. There may be | every desire to treat a given subject on ' the large stale, with adequacy and com pleteness ; but a big Bill makes such tardy progress that a single session barely suffices to get it through both Houses, unless other and, it may be, urgent measures are sacrificed. The Ministerial programme outlined in the Governor's speech on Thursday includes several consolidating and amending Bills. The laws relating to public health, to the Civil Service, and to local government are proposed to be so dealt with. Nothing could bo more- commendable than the undertaking of such practically useful work, but it is one of the things thab are easier said than done. The Government show plenty of confidence in attempting so much, and no one can blame them for postponing to the next Parliament the gigantic task of consolidating the land laws. The liberal provision in the sessional programme for reform legislation of various kinds does not presumably imply a belief that much of it can be carried in Parliament as at present constituted. Anomalous and illogical as is the existing franchise for the Legislative Council, reasonable as it would be to substitute household franchise so as to make a mature and stable vote the basis of the Second Chamber, there is not the ghost of a chance of carrying such a measure through the Council until the public demand is moro strongly and emphatically pronounced. This is one of the questions that must go to the country at the general election. Other constitutional issues mentioned in the speech, such as the referendum, have hardly yet reached the practical stage even in the Assembly. The proposal of law reform invites debate not on principle but on methods, and the methods followed in the Ministerial Bill are so far disputed that this, too, is likely to be found at the end of the session among the questions not finally disposed of. The Government promise many measures of social and industrial reform, such as aid to early closing, fac tory law amendment, employer's liability, workmen's liens, and the better protec tion of children. It is the fashion to sneer at all such legislation as extrava gant, socialistic, or sentimental, but it closely touches the practical interests of large classes of the community, and con structive statesmanship in a democratic State is bound to take up questions of this sort. Even in England, under a Conservative Government, they force their way to the front and clamor for solution. Every Bill of the kind is entitled to be examined in a fair and candid spirit and judged upon its merits. The difficulties of legislation in such a matter, for example, as early closing are admittedly great, but harder questions have been solved, and a practicable scheme will deserve both sympathy and support. It is needless to say, however, tha: the Government cannot satisfactorily accom plish much work of this character in a single session. The detailed committee work calls for the exercise of scrupulous care, and anything like 'slumming' is disastrous. If a measure is hastily passed and proves to be unwork able, it is really worse than use less. The value of ' affirming a principle' is quite lost in the discredit which failure inevitably brings on all legislation de signed to solve these social and industrial problems. A real success, on the other hand, is worth all the patient and devoted labor that secures it. A number of measures referred to in the opening speech will be universally recognised as not on'y important bub urgent. All parties are at one in ad mitting the imperative necessity of a new and liberal Act dealing with the occupa tion of our pastoral lands. The reduc tion of agricultural rents is another matter that must be grappled with. The session cannot be allowed to close without legislation which will place the principal producing interests of the colony on a sounder 'footing, but the pastoral ques tion exceeds all others in immediate gravity. It appears that the Government expect a deficiency in the year's accounts, ' but the amount is not stared. No ad ditional taxation is considered to bo necessary, and there is, indeed, a good prospect of a substantial recovery in the revenue during the ensuing financial year. The need of economy in expenditure is, however, unabated, and Ministers will have to resist firmly all suggestions to increase the present scale uf outlay. In public works somewhat more activity than has lately been displayed is desirable, and especially in the direction of water conservation ; but unless a better ?+ case can be made out for the Bundaleer scheme than was presented last year, the proposed outlay on that extensive under taking is open to grave question. As re gards Australian federation Ministers* arc. adopting adiplomaticattitude. The speech, however, does not invite Parliament to take any action, and it may be assumed that the question is hung up pending developments in New South Wales, al though the Premier does not feel disposed to say so outright. The passing of ad dresses to the (jueen will certainly bo postponed until matters become a little clearer. ? 