CURRENT EVENTS. -4- The Methodist Episcopal Church of Ame rica proposes to raise at Ccnteaary Fund of four millions. Tile Sunday-school Teachers' Association of the Newcastle Diocese Is to be extended so as to incluie all church workers. Mr. Gregson's offer to the miners em Iloyed by tile A.A. Company will, it is said. be followed shortly by offers being made Co the menc at other collierles. The Walls cnd Comipany's directors mot in Sydney yesterday. The railwa.l improvements at Wallsend Junction, beyondt Waratah, will be complet ed iin the course of three or four weeks now. Mr. J. B. Suttor, the engineer in charge of regrading, has, it is thought, suc cessfully dealt with the landslips at the old embankments. The only District Court case decided by his HIonor Judge Murray yesterday was a "ca-sa" matter by Alfred Green against John Windross. Mr. W. A. Reid appeared for plaintiff, and Mr. H. V. Harris for de fondant. After hearing the evidence his Honor declined to makeo an order. Mr. E. W. Moroney, formerly junior clerkic in the Shipping Master's Department at Newcastle, has been appointed to the position of clerk, formerly held by the late MrFletchei: Mr. Moroney has been about Syears in the oMfce,.under Mr. HIannell. .Ir. J. C. Curry, of Newcastle, has been appointed junior cleric, on probation, in succession to Ir. Moroney. In a discussion on the subject of provid ing.sanatoria for consumptive patients, wbhich took place on October 27, Sir James Crichton Browne gave it-as his opinion that if the present rate of decrease in phthisis cases continued, the disease would have disappeared from our midst in ?30 years' time. To maintain the present rate, however, fresh measures would have to be introduced, and of these agencies the pro vision 'of fresh air and healthy sanatoria are among the prime requisites. The St. Petersburg correspondent of the London "Times" describes the progress made with the construction of the Siberian railway, which has been opened for traffic as far as Irklutsk, 3550 miles from St. Pe tersburg, and he gives some of the im pressions of a party of English and Ameri can travellers who left Pekin 50 days ago, and, after proceeding by post and caravan to Trkutsk, completed the journey to St. Petersburg by, the new railway in twelve days. The shipbuilding returns for October show that Scotch shipbuilders launched 41 vessels of 62,435 tons. To the total the Clyde contributed 29 vessels of 541,211, the Forth five vessels of 2900, the Tay five ves sels of 4630, and the Dee two vessels of 691 tons. Since the beginning of the present year the output of the Scotch yards has been 373,735 tons--the heaviest total on re cord for the first ten months of any year. East Coast yards have shared in the gene ral prosperity. Mr. Fredl. B. Menkens, architect, of this city, received yesterday, from Mr. A. A. Dangar, a pleasing surprise, in the shape of the folloWing complimentary acknow ,Ledgment of his services:-" I, .have pleasure in herewith sending you a cheque for £100, as a present in connection with the late heavy building work at Newcastle entrusted to your care, and as some recog nition of the entirely satisfactory and hon est.way you carried out your duties con nected therewith. At a recent meeting of .the wages com mittee of the Durham Coalowners' Associa tion and the Durham Mining Federation Board the following decision was arrived at:-"The owners are willing to. make an advance of 2% per cent with pays com mencing October 31 and November 7, and to continue the present .. temporary ad vance of 2% per cent for a further period of six pays, commencing with the same dates." The offer was accepted by the re presentatives of the men. New regulations for the working of the cranes and wharf at the port of Newcastle are gacetted. Clause 6, which is altered. reads:-"For the purpose of carrying out the regulations laid down in clause 5, as regards the quantity of coal to be shipped, a Board of Appeal, consisting of the har bour master, or In his absnence his deputy. the Sub-Collector of Customs, and the resi dent engineer for Harbours and Rivers, shall decide upon the merits of any case in dispute, and their decision shall be final." A few weeks ago it will 'be remembered that a man named Howard *4as arrested in Hunter-street by Detective M'I'Hattle for the alleged theft of a watch in Sydney. He was remanded to Sydney to be dealt with, and after hearing the" evidence, the S.M. imposed a fine of £5. Howard has since written to Dr. Coding, the American Consul, to say that the prosecutor (a man named Bell) admitted shortly after the conviction that he handed the watch to him. The confession was ma.de to Colonel Bell, the American Consul in.Sydney, so that Howard established his complete in nocence of the crime. The regulations gazetted for the work ing of the cranes during next year contain the following clause:-"Night turus can be secured for vessels or steanimers expected to arrive between 6 p.m. and 6 a.m. by the agent paying a deposit of £15 to secure a crave (providing there !t one vacant), this deposit to be forfeited in the event of the vessel's non- arrival. If vessels arrive within 'one hour of the time arranged no forfeiture is incurred, but vessel berthing more than end. hour after' the time from whlich the crane has been set apart for same will pay £1 per hour, an'd a proportionate sum for, any part of an hour for the time such crane has been idle." It isstated that when the Minister for Works forwards on the, surveys and par ticulars regarding the proposed sewerage of the suburbs of Newcastle, the whole question will be given serious consideration by 'the local Water and Sewerage Board, upon which the responsibility rests of say ing whether the district is in a position to stand the necessary sewerage rate. The board will give mature consideration to the conservation of the public health, whilst viewing the financial aspect of the pro Ject. Many of the people are now anxious ly waiting to see the scheme started, be ing quite resigned to pay any reasonabli rate. Further particulars are given else where. The monthly meeting of St. Andrew's Band of Hope was held in the School Hall on Tuesday evening. There was all excop tionally large attendance of both children and adults. The programme was opened by Miss Keogh Stanborough in a song, fol lowed by a fine tambourine display, by the Misses Cotterill, Powell, and Kirkaldy. Then followed a recitation, "My Neigh bour's Baby," by Jane Valentine, a duet by Misses Valentine and Stanborough, a dialogue by Miss Terry and party, and a recitation,' "One of the little' ones," by Jane Valentine. A squad of girls, led by Miss K. Stanborough, gave an exhibition of dumb-bells in a particularly clever man ner, followed by a song by Irene Levy, a recitation by Rose Torman, a dialogue by Minnie Dresser and party, and a recitation by K. Stanborough. The president gave a brief address on temperance work, and ex horted all to do their best to increase the Band of Hope during next year. Miss Fanny MIay Sncddon has beeni ap olinted a rul'il teacher oel probation at tile Newcastle South Public School. With regard to the mystery of Mr. Ty sonl's will, the words of tile Psalmist may well be Quoted :-" Surely they are dis quieted in vain; he heapeth up riches and knowth not who shall gather them." A chcue for e£16 12s has been received by the Presbyterian forlign missions com muittee fronm the Newcastle ladies' Clhinese mission committee !er tile RIcv. W. Unaln, which makes £23 13s flom the same source this -ear. The benefit entertainment in aid of Mrs. Moore, of \'ickham, is to take place in the School of Arts on Monday evening. A first-class programme Iras been arranged, particulars of which \rill appear in to morrow's issue. The Railway Commissioners have ap poiateld Messrs. A. Richardson (chairman), J. Parry, and J. G. S. Corns to he a board of examiners of candidates for employment in the department, the head of each branch of the service to be ox oficlo a member of 11e board. Appeals by prominent local citizens and companies against the land and income tax assessments were heard in camera by his Honor Judge 'Murray at the Newcastle Courthouse yesterday. The matters are regarded by the parties as of a strictly private character. A alehsant afternoon was spent on Thursday, when Misses E. Bartley and O. Harris presented Mrs. C. J. Williams, of 9 Sidney-street, with a handsomely framed address and pretty sideboard cover in drawn thread worlk, on behalf of the pupils of Worth's Dress-cutting School. The recipient, who was much pleased with the gift, suitably responded. Dr. Vandeleur-rKelly, F.R.C.S.E., of Syd ney, examiner in connection with the St. John Ambulance Association, visited New castle yesterday, and was met at the sta tion by Mr. G. R. Short and Drs. Nickson and Horsfall. In the afternoon he examined Dr. Horsfall's nursing class, and in the evening he examined Dr. Nickson's first aid class. The examinations were conduct ed at the School of Arts. Mr. I.. Solomon, the secretary of the Newcastle Tattersall's Club, and Mr. IR. Fleming, who officiated as starter at the resent race meeting, are to be presented with 20 guineas and 5 guineas respectively for the part they played in making the meeting the success it was. Mr. Fleming is to be made a, life honorary member. These decisions were arrived at at a meet ing of the committee held last evening. A meeting of the general committee of the Sea Pit miners was held at Black burn's hotel, Merewether, last evening, to deal with matters of importance to the lodge. The conclucons arrived at will be reported to the adjourned meeting of miners to be held at a date to be fixed. It is considered probable that the miners will, at their next meeting, accept the offer made to them by Mr. Gregson, viz., 2s lid for round and 3d for small coal, all to be weighed and filled away together. 'Whilo dining yesterday afternoon, at about 4 o'clock, a man named James' West, aged 76, a resident of Charlestown, fell suddenly from his chair. When picked up the man was found to be dead. The doctor who was called in expressed the opinion that death wats caused by failure of the heart's action, brought on by dropsy. Mr. G. C. Martin, district coroner, will hold a magisterial inquiry at Charlestown this morning. Deceased, who was a widower. had been in a precarious state of health for the past 12 months. The village of Aspall, or Aspal, from which Lord KIitchener proposes to take one of his titles, is situate in the heart of Suf folk, remote from railways, to the north of the little old'world town of Debenham. The noble tamlly of Brooke, Lord Cobham, formerly had their seat at Aspall Hall, but the Chevalier family, to which the Sirdar is related on his mother's side, have long resided there and been patrons of the liv ing. ,The village is very small, containing only 534 acres and 139 inhabitants: in it rises the River Deben, which finally dis charges its water into the sea at Felixs towe. In orderm' to minimise the consumption of alcohol and the indiscriminate treating to drinks, which is so common a feature in tile business and social life of 'America, Chic ago las started what is known as a "non treating club." It was founded principally for 'travelling' men, and already the idea has "caught on,"' and its membership is counted in several other cities. For its badio it has the very excellent motto, "When you want a drink trike it, and don't imagine that you 'offend anyone by not asking eight or ten to join you." Its pledge is to wear the inevitable button, and "not to treat anyone who is a mem ber." The Archbishop of Sydney has expressedi himself.well pleased with the result of the appeal up to date for the liquidation of the consolidated debt on St. Andrew's Cathe dral, Sydney. Half the amount asked for has been promised or subscribed within six months. The interest taken in the move ment by the Venerable Dean.pf Sydney was shown by his presence at the Cathedral ser vice. The gold alms dish, in which tlhe cheque for £1100 was deposited by Lady Hampden, was the gift of Sir Charles Wentworth, and is of rare value. A silver alms dish, also used on the occasion, was presented to the Cathedral authorities by' King William IV. In accordance with a War Offlice order, whichll will apply to the whole of the United Kingdom, all Volunteers in the North Western district of England who have ex ceeded the age of 55, were compelled to re tire from the Volunteer serviced. The order (says a correspondent) will have a drastic effect in some parts of Cheshire, Lan cashlre, and contiguous counties. About '30 men are affected in the 2nd and 3rd Cheshire. In the latter battalion, Staff Sergeant Hughes, of Northwich, has the longest service, having acted since the establishment of the Volunteer movement, and Sergeant Banocroft, of Cheadle, is a re markable veteran over 80 years of age, and the oldest Volunteer In the battalion and probably in the kingdom. In the Petersham Baptist Church, on Sunday night, the Rev. Dr. Porter spoke strongly against the sin of gluttony, which he avers to be prevalent. Gluttony was one of the primary varieties of "sin unto death" in Paul's sense-a common, grievous sin. Their bodies, as Christians, were temples of the Holy Ghost, and he bade them be ware of specific bodily sins. Many did not live out their allotted span of days because they committed the "sin unto death" by the abuse of their own bodies. Men over ate. and became overheated. Then their tortured bodies rebelled, their brains be came blood-congested, and they collapsed; while other people talked sagely of "fits." Fits of that kind woult be far fewer if people had to live on damper and mutton. Mr. T. Mt. Healy, addressing a meeting in Dublin, on Sentember 27, said that ten years ago many people in Ireland were in duced to uuit their farms. There was £15,000 In the bank, known as thIe Paris fund, which could be applied to their re Itef, but Messrs. Dillon, Davitt, and Har rington, who had their fingers ,about the money, would not release it in order to meet the distress in the west. They were keeping it as a nest-egg to fling at him and his friends at the next general elec tion as their contribution to the mainten rnce of Irish unity. The present agitation against Ritualism w:ould probably result, at the next appeal to tile country, in the election of a Ministry on "No Popery" lines-whether Liberal or Tory it was not easy to determine. But the situation im posed a special watchfulness on Irish Na t!onaltsts. MIr. J. N. Brunker will sell by auction this morning, poultry, eggs, butter, pigs, &c.; At his yards this afternoon Mr. Geo. T. Edwards will sell by auction, horses, vehl cles, and harness. 