K'IMPOB.TE. ByJ.O. B. \- Ghosts proceed fromthe stomach — the size of the shade being generally proportionate to the size and contents of the paunch. There are exceptions. Near Perth (W A.}, for instance, a rural spook appeared nightly both to those who'd dined well and those who'd not dined at all. With a white sheet, some red paint, and a few feathers, this spectre kept the neighbourhood in a simmer till arrested in its supernatural visitations by sundry sceptics a few nights ago. They decided not to make a police-court job of it. They went further, and by means of palings wrenched from an adjacent fence, reduced the apparition, to a condition of un comfortable flatness. Even in -spiritualistic com munities it is dangerous in these days to adopt the role of ghost. Iu the midst of a mining popu lation it 1b madness. * ? * * ? Mr. Oopeland, M.L.A., is for punkahs in Pub lic schools during the summer. The Minister for Education, however, thinks them too costly, and is suspected of deeming them unnecessary. Yet in Germany, the very home of compulsory and uni versal education, all elementary schools are dis missed before tbe glass teaches 80*. But in Aus tralia, as unfortunate pedagogues and pupils well ' know, the mercury ifflght get outside, but not the schoolmaster nor the scholars. Regarding the punkah proposal, a real difficulty presents itself ? the motive power. Steam is too dear, water too Bcarce, and wind too uncertain. There seems but two ways of overcoming this initial drawback. One is by employing the aborigines as Euroj-eiris the Hindoos. Having taken the land from the indigenes, the least that ought to be done is to ' find them work. And if anything is more ac- ; ceptable to the natives than raising the wind by means of work adapted to their simple tastes it has hitherto remained undiscovered. * The other plan is to get members of Parliament to pull punkahs. With a Ministerialist at one end and an Oppositionist at the other there would eoon be a simoom sufficient to land the teacher amoDg the rafters. ? ? * « The southerly wind is no longer to be allowed the privilege of dropping upon us unawares. Di rectly it touches Eden in its northerly march a flag with a centre E will go up on the G.P. Office campajiile, the Sydney tree of knowledge. When Jervis Bay is reached a pennon with J.B. will supplant the previous one, to give place to a W signal when Wollongong is in the arms of th blast. Singular the amount of inconvenience to which humanity has ' been put by the wind and the women of Eden. Both have to be constantly watched. Just when we think ourselves safest they blow upon us. If Mr. Parkes, our worthy P.M. -General, could but provide meanB by which a danger signal conld be run up on each house whenever a stiff wind or a sturdy widow was ob served bearing down upon it, he would earn uni versal gratitude. And scarcely a man in Sydney would care to ask whether the unwelcome visitor was from Eden or from Erebus so long as he had timely warning.' * ?'*?'?»? ? On the subject of divorce at the Melbourne Anglican Congress, Canon Spencer thought in nocent and guilty should both be punished as ' they'd been made one and one couldn't sin without punishment being brought down on the other.' There is a fine, sacerdotal flavour about the foregoing which shows what a firm grip of impartial justice is possessed by some of our teachers. So because your husband, madam, ran away with the cook and my wife with the coach man, you and I, possessing a half share in the le vanters. are to , pay our portion of the liability. We are gradually coming round to the Chinese methods where when a young man enters his neighbour's poultry-yard in mistake the authori ties get even with him by removing his head and those of all his family in the same sack. This plan has much to recommend it. As but one canon, however, gave rise to the report, it remains to be Keen whether he wasn't indulging in a harm less discharge of blank cartridge. * ? ? * The question of where to spend the holidays is again with us. One Sydney journalist took New Zealand, and on the first night found himself wading through 3ft. of water in the bar. An other went south towards the Victorian border, only to find winds that would blow the anemo meters out of the Lick Observatory. West started a third, who was last heard of digging for water iu a Darling billabong. My advice, then, is — remain at homo. With the G.P Office for centre and Broken Bay for distance, the Sydney resident who couldn't find something novel every day for a month in the land semi-circle described by the moving leg of the imagined compass has a dreary old age before him. * » « ' ? There was a military fete at Newington Col lege last week. The item which dwarfed all the others was a night attack by dervishes on a hastily-constructed British zareba. The Payhims were repulsed with sickening slaughter, and Atkins came triumphantly through, as is bis wont. The great danger of these constant tmccespes over uncivilised and ill-armed hordes is that they may be taken as an index of what would occur in regular warfare, when arms, equipment, organisation, and discipline were equal on both sides. It isthen, and then alone, that the factor of numbers will obtain a promin ence which itdoe6not possess »n sporadic operations against barbarians. There are weighty reasons against universal service. But if German, French, and many British writers are to be believed, it is more healthful than harmful both for individual and nation. * * * « Gulgong is becoming the showman's Waterloo. Some months ago the seats in a performing citcub fell in there, spilling the audience into the saw dust and turning many highly-respectable people into unwilling tumblers. The other day a biizziud struck tbe merry-go-round, leav ing tbe tent a wreck and the steeds pathetic. With the eccentricity which characterises whirl winds, it twisted the horses' heads in directions which would even have surprised Alice after her visit to wonderland: Their tails, too, but oneo heaved; and then for ever grew still. In a word, they fell off, the riders following suit. The boats looked as if they'd run against the Eddystone in a fog. And now the inhabitants of Gulgong and its vicinity are said to be about to petition Parliament for the employment of bronze horses and india-rubber clowns by all travelling com panies during the prevalence of high winds. ' The History of the World from+he Earliest Historical Times to the Year 1898 ' is just out. It ib by Edgar Sanderson, of Cambridge, and Australasia has 4f- pages — 1$ for each of the more populous colonies, ani £ each for the smaller fry. Still, if Caesar could pit a campaign into tbree words (veni, vidi, vici), Sawarrow into two (Ismail's ours), and Napier into one (peccavi — I haveScinde), there's no reason why the history of a continent end sundry islands couldn't be made to fit in a little over four pagea. When one century swings in one direction — as the eighteenth towards verboseness — the next is bound to swing in the other, towards boiling-down. When some publisher gives us the ' Decline and Fall ' in a pamphlet, and the ' Fathers/' in a fly-leaf, the boiling-down vat will be about f ulL People will demand the restoration of the didactic dunce, if only as a set-off against the condensing corsair. ? ? * ? The mystery surrounding Masonry is trans* pareney when compared with that enshrouding bufialoifcm. Occasinally dark and fearsome rumours connected with the Royal Antedeluvian Order come to light, fly like the sparks upward. No uninitiated man has ever attempted to reach their holy of holies without meeting a violent death within the year. One gets run over by an empty hearse, one by a furniture van, while a third slips on a banana peel and is seen but heard no more. The annual dinner of this occult fraternity took place in Sydney last week, and so well had they succeeded in concealing tho transcendental character of their proceedings trtot no stranger had a suspicion of the esoteric import conveyed by the numerous horns and hoofs. AH you knew was that a buffalo going to dinner was one thing, another thing when coming away. Among the lower animals the buffalo is a fast* disappearing mamniaL But amongst humane, to their honour be it said, there's little chance of their disappearing- while anything1 remains on tho table. 