BOB: A TALE OF ADVENTURE IN WEST AUSTRALIA. [By Timon.] [ruUisshed by special Ritangement with the author. AH rights reserved. J Chapter XXV.— In Hot Pursuit. 'Where were they bound for?' I asked, trying to speak in an indifferent tone. ' Albany.' 'What ! You drove all that way ?' 'Yts, we got fresh horses en the road. The Woke didn't seem to care how much money he shelled out. We kept going all the time. 'And was the boy alway3 screaming?' ' No, only when we came among ])eople. He was quiet enough driving on quiet tracks. My ghost ! That was a drive ! When we got near the coast the rain fell in torrents, so thick I could hardly see the horses' heads, and at night the cold was awful. Thought I'd have tumbled off my perch many a time.' ' And when they reached Albany, what became of them ?' 'Went straight off to the boat. They had the devil's own luck— the Orotava was off half an hour later. The young fellow set up shrieking again when they got into the launch. 'What's up now?' the captain asked. 'It's my young brother that s had a touch of the sun.' ho said, and hustled the boy in. I felt a bit curious, so I hung about till the launch came back. 'Where did those two parties go to V I asked of a chap who was looking after the hand luggage, and be told me they'd gone to Melbourne.' I rose suddenly. The ostler had told me all I wanted to know. 'Get horse6, take rneoverthe same road, and you will have this,' I said, rip ping open my belt and showing him the notes it contained. Hia greedy eyes glistened. In spite of his sporting proclivities he realised that gold in the hand was worth any amount of problematic ventures on the issues of the Mel bourne Cup. The bargain was struck on the spot. Leaving him to make hia own terms with the hotelkeeper I hurried hack to Mrs. Brown, gave her the news' I had cleaned, pro mised to write from Melbourne, and was back again by the time the horses were harnessed. A raomeut later we were off to Albany. No one need ex pect a description of that journey from me. I saw nothing, heard nothing, was conscious of nothing, save the one fact that every moment was bringing me nearer to Bob. Heat and cold, lig ht and darkness were all ali ke to me. The roughness of the road was unheeded. Ab sorbed by one passionate aim, physical dis comforts passed unnoticed. My guide com plained of hunger and thirst, grumbling some times at the scanty meals of salt junk, washed down with sweet tea, which the bush hotel affords. I looked at him in amazement ? What AiA ih all mnt.t-BT* . T n-.o nnri Ara'n\r men.Vl.inif'T.llv. and one might have given me stones for bread without much fear of detection. At one of our halting-places an incident oc curred which woke me from my lethargy. I noticed the woman who served us eyeiug me silently. When the ostler had gone out of the room to look after the horses she said in a low voice — ' That man has been here before.' 'Yes.' ' He brought a man and a boy. They said the boy was mad.' 'Yes.' She came nearer to mo and drew a tiny package out of her pocket. ' When they hnd put him back in the buggy he made me a sign. ' When he conie3 give him this,' he 6aid. He dropped it into my hand as the buggy drove away.' I opened the package. It contained an end of the torra-cotta necktie purchased in the township. My eyes grew dim. Dear, dear little Bob ! She trusted me ! She knew I would fullow her '. She counted on my help. She should have it to the last hour of my life— the last drop of my blood. On reaching Albany I was less fortunate than my forerunners. Four mortal days had to be lived through before the boat started for Melbourne. People talk about minutes seem ing to be hours— mine were years. I felt my self growing grey and worn with suspense as I lived through those four terrible days. What fcnight not be happening to Bob while I was left to kick up my heels in this dull port ? I don't know what my shipmates could have thought of me. My mind was ao completely absorbed by the one subject that any kind of Bmall talk demanded a supreme effort, and this I was unable to make. The anxieties of my position had worn me, physically as well as mentally, and I was fit for nothing but sprawl ing on the deck and counting the hours that separated me from Adelaide. For it will be readily understood that I had not the patience to go on by Bhip to Melbourne. I meant to go overland with the mail. It seemed very strange after the primitive methods of travelling I had lately undertaken to find myself seated in a railway carriage look ing out on a station platform thronged with passengers. Boys crying 'Evening paper,' hucksters vending fruit, cakes, and refreshing drinks, trucks wheeling luggage, and porters conducting.travrilers and absorbing tips— just as they do in the civilised life of the old world. I was glad to get back to civilisation. I had had enough of diggers, troopers, bushrangers, blackfellows, and the amenities of struggling fighting townships, which, in my case, in cluded a prison. The return to more orderly methods of existence doubled my chances of recovering Bob. I was so busy forming plans that I hardly closed my eyes during the whole of that rapid journey. Yet, when I stepped out at the Spencer-street station, I felt as strong ae a giant refreshed and perfectly ready to embark on fresh perils. 1 decided that my best plan would be to put the matter into the hands of a good de tective. But it was useless to think of present ing myself to the critical gaze of civilised beings before having brought my outer man into har mony with my new surroundings. I lost no time in putting myself into the handsof a skilful barber, and then, carefully avoiding the main thoroughfares, I purchased collars, neckties, gloves, and other odds and ends deemed essential by civilised man. I had collected quite a respectable bundle by the timo my shopping was over, and now the question arose, where was I to inHuct my new habilament9? Clearly I should have to en gage a room in some modest hotel where I could dress and leave my scanty luggage when I went in search of the detective. An obliging shopman gave me the address of a coffee palace and I Bet off at once. Not being blessed with the bump of locality I missed the i right turning and found myself in a narrow | little street, where I was obliged to walk in | the middle of tho road in order to see the names written above the doors. No indica tion of the place I sought met my view. I raised my eyes to the upper stories, and there something struck my eye which caused my heart to leap with joy and sent the blood coursing madly through my veins. For there, suspended to a window bar and floating gently in the breeze, hung the missing half of the terra-cotta necktie I carried in my breast pocket. Chapter XX VI.— Burglary. In another moment I had entered the house. A hard- featured woman came out in the passage. 'I want a room, I suppose you can accom modate mo?' I began bluntly. She looked at me curiously. 'I have business in this locality. It will pay me better to lodge with you than to go to an ordinary hotel, but I am willing to pay hotel prices.' This seemed to satisfy tho woman. She thought she had got hold of a 'new chum,' a 'Johnny Raw,' whom she could bleed at will, and she led me gleefully to my room, a miserable little hole on the second floor. ''The air is not very good here, haven't you got a room higher up,' I asked, sniffing aus piciously. ; 'All the top floor's engaged,' she answered tartly. 'Very well. That'll do,' I said indiffe rently. 'Stay, I've got writing to do. I hope the house is quiet.' 'There's no one in it all day but me— and— an invalid upstairs. Her gentleman goes out in the morning and does not come back till night.' 'That'll suit me,' I replied ; and I felt that I was speaking the truth. Then she left me. As soon as she was safely out of the way I opened the door and listened. Upstairs I could hear a foot pacing restlessly up and down. I stole up the staircase, knelt down in front of the keyhole, and whispered— 'Bob !' Never can I forget the rapture of the reply that fell on my ear. 'You havo come! Oh! dearest, best of friends ; I knew that you would !' Life can have no second moment to equal that. 'How does he treat you?' was ray next question. 'He allows me sufficient food ; I am not ill treated ; but he keeps me a close prisoner.' 'Has ho got the paper?' 'No, ah, no.' The tone was triumphant. 'Has he not tried to take it by force ?' ' He dare not. He is too superstitious. He dare not lay a finger on me. It is a battle between too strong wills— that is all.1' ' And which will win?' 'I cannot say. I am always afraid he will get the better of me by strategem.' 'Ah, well, we are two against one now. Tell me what you wish me to do ?' ' Go out and get a file— no, two files. You can pass one under the door and I will file at the lock from inside. But we must not begin till night, for the woman conies up every two hours. Wright sleeps in the next room, but he hardly ever comes home till 2 or 3 in the morning. He comes in about 7.30, and this for about half an hour to wheedle the paper out of mo by threat or persuasion. Then he goes off and the woman never comes back any more. That must be our time. ' I agreed with her. 'Please go away now,' the hidden voice said. 'I'm in such terror lest my female gaoler should meet you on the stairs. Dearest, best of friends, do please go.' I was 'only a friend,' alas ! But the tone of affection in her voice was very sweet. I went out at once to purchase the files, ate dinner in a restaurant, and spent the after noon wandering up and down the streets. I felt as if I needed— not quiet— but the roar and tumult of city Jife to still the throbbing of aiy brain. I arranged with a cabby to wait at tho corner of the lane from 9 to midnieht, and to convey us as speedily as possible to the private residence of an eminent lavrrer whose addres3 I had discovered. The rr.s.'.'.-er was too ureeut to broolc delay and I feK that if Bob did not place herself under the pro tection of the law some further kidnapping would be the result. I got back to the house towards evening, bearing with me a roll of paper and a big bottle of ink in order to carry out the role I had undertaken. When ray. landlady looked in to ask if I ! wanted anything my hand was travelling f;i«t over 'the paper. But I only strung! together meaningless phrases and the page was delivered to the flames. Soon after 7 p.m. a heavy tread resounded on tho staircase. I peoped out. Wright, as sure as I was alive. Wright with tho evil expression and lowering brow I knew so well. He passed my door, went up to the third story, and then I heard the grinding of a key in the door. I listened. ' First came a low rumble of conversation, I Then voices pitched in a loud key — passionate ! invective on tho one side and angry curses on ' the other. Then the doov opened. The key ! turned once more in the lock and AVrightcame ; down stairs swearing audibly. His face was crimson with rage. 'I'd make short work with her if only I'd the spirit of a man,' ho muttered. As soon as his steps had died away I flew up stairs, passed one of tho files under the dour, and began my work. It took far longer than wa had anticipated, but at last the lock yielded to our efforts, the door opened, and Bob fell into my arms. Yes, she not only fell, but sho actually raised her dear arms and clasped my neck. It was only gratitude I knew— not love —that won me the embrace, but it thrilled me through and through with a deep joy. When I had regained possession of myself sufficiently to take note of her appearance I saw that she was dressed in fomalo attire. Slie wore a white hlouso and a dark-blue skirt. Her hair, although still short, was dressed in front and set off with a blue ribbon. For the first time I beheld the queen of my heart attired in garments suitable to her sex, and the sight filled mo with indescribable pleasure. ' Get your hat and cloak,' I whis pered. She stepped back, returning in a few minutes with a small bundle in her hand, and wearing a sailor hat and rain cloak. I took the parcel from her, drew her hand within my arm, and began to descend tho stairs. I had taken off my boots. Bob's lieht footfall did ' not count. I did not hear a single creaking sound. Wo began to congratulate ourselves that all danger of discovery would soon be over, when a turn in the staircase brought us face to face with Wright. Whether he had suspected our designs or whether the meeting was purely accidental I shall never know. Anyhow he lost no time in assuming tho offensive. Whipping his Derin ger out of jhis breast pocket he covered me and waited. Bob sprang forward with a little cry. I pulled her back. 'For heaven's sake don't provoke him,'' I whispered. 'Jean, go back to your room,' thundered Wright, his finger on the trigger. Seeing there was no help for it, my poor darling obeyed. I could hear her sobbing as she mounted the stairs. Wright uttored a snarling laugh. I felt my brain on fire. I was unarmed, yet I fell upon him, wrenched the weapon from his hand and flung it over the baluster. Then I grappled with him and a hand- to-hand fight ensued, in which I certainly would have come out victorious if my landlady's shrill cries oE ' Thieves !' 'Murder!' had not brought a couplo of sturdy Irish policemen on the scene. As I was at that moment engaged in throttling Wright they naturally concluded that I was the criminal, and I found myself pinioned and handcuffed before I could utter a syllable in my defence. Meanwhile the account given of my proceedings by Wright and the woman made me appear, as ia said to be the case with his Satanic Majesty, a good deal blacker than I really wa3. Nolens volens, I had to accompany the two guardians of the peace to the lockup, where I spent a miserable night in the company of two habitual drunkards, my mind racked with anxiety as to the fate of my companion, and beset with fears lest Wright should make her bear the punish ment of my sins. Held sleepless by this harrowing suspense, I watched the dawn of another day break through the barred window of my ceil and when my gaolera called me forth to appear before the magistrate I obeyed the summons with joy. If once I could get an impartial hearing all might yet be well. Chapter XXVII.— Acquitted. My case came on at the end of a long sitting of minor offences and I found myself charged with burglary and attempted murder. But, strange to say, the witnesses were not forthcoming. Seeing this, I plucked up spirit and told the magistrate the whole story. He listened with an air of polite incredulity. It all savored too much of romance for the legal mind to swallow readily. Young women might have been spirited away and kept under jock and key in the Middle Ages, but not in modern Mel bourne. But he allowed me to bring my counter charge against Wright, and accom panied by a constable I went back to the house. Barred windows and locked doors met my view. The place looked deserted, but feeling convinced that this was only a feint and that Bob was still locked up on the third story I insisted on breaking open the door and forcing an entrance. We went from room to room to find — darkness and solitude. The door with the filed lock stood wide open. Bob had gone, leaving no trace behind her save the end of the terra-cotta necktie fluttering from the window. My companions stood dum founded. 'Faith, and it's myself that would like to know what's become of the gintleman whoso throat you were throttling in that illegant way, and the leddy screaming blue murtber out of the windy. If I wasn't a tiniperanco man I'd be thinkin1 that we were after having a dhrop too much of the ould crathur and saw double for awhile.' ' They were here, sure enough,' I replied, 'and as for throttling the gentlemau, I think you would have done the same if, after taking a lodging in a house, you found yourself con fronted on tfie staircase by a fellow with a loaded Derringer. If you'd only listened to me we would have him under lock and key now.' The constable, somewhat appalled by find ing the tables turned against him ia this unex pected way, [conducted me in silence back to the magistrate's presence. This time he was evidently impressed by the truth of my story. The sudden disappearance of my prosecutors savored of ill-doing and told heavily against them. He gave me some kind advice, assured me he would leave no stone unturned to dis cover tho delinquents, and led me to hope that a good detective would soon unearth them. As I left the court one of my persecutors of the previous day invited me to 'put some thing in the policeman's box.' 'A gintleman ginerally gives something wan he's acquitted,' he added with a broad smile. My anger boiled over. ' Acquitted,' I retorted sharply. 'How dare you talk to me in this way. You arrest an innocent man and play into the hands of the criminal, and then you invite me to make you a present ! Absurd. Think your self lucky if I don't bring against youjan action for false imprisonment.' And with that I stalked outof the court, leaving the two ' Micks' speechless with amazement. My next step was to seek out some modesty hotel and to transfer to it all my belongings, which I had dis covered in the deserted house. This accom nlished. I nlaced mv affairs in the hands of a, competent lawyer. Aided by his advice, detectives were put on the scent. Every evening I received their report At moments my hopes were raised to the highest pitch, at others they were dashed to the ground. Before long a settled melancholy, a hopeless depres sion, laid hold of mo. I spent my time wan dering aimlessly about the streets, looking scrutinisingly into the faces of the passers-by, hoping against hope that I would see Bob's face looking out from some woman's bonnet or from beneath a boy's cap. But alas ! the longed- for vision never came. 1 had been walking in and out of the streets in this way when I suddenly felt overcome with faiutness. It was a typical Melbourne day. A hot wind sent waves of furnace he?fc through the atmosphere, and every now and tnen cloud9 of dust swept down the stree^-i. My hair, ears, mouth, and nostrils were i-.led with grit, and the irritating effect u-on my nerves added to my feeling of indisposition. I turned into a restaurant, sat do\?n before a littlo marble table, and told the waitress to bring me some lunch, anything she had cot ready. Tli e room was nearly empty, but a few moments after my entrance two young meii came in and sat down at the next table. They were talking eagerly about a race meeting — the usual Australian subject of conversation. 'It's an awful nuisance,' one of them said with a little frown, 'I'd made up my mind to see Firefly da the trick. I've backed her heavily, I can tell you. A doctor leads adog's life. He can't call his soul his own.' 'Well, it's a good thing, Jack, that you've got a good crop of patients so soon,' the other remarked. 'I haven't, my dear fellow; that the rub. I spend half my time drumming on the window pane and wishing some fellow would fall down and break his leg. What a chance that was for Sanderson the Governor's son getting thrown )U3t outside his door. Why, it made him, sir. No one had ever heard of Dr. S. before, and now he's cock of the walk.' 'Well, if you've got so few patients why can't you spare one afternoon to Firefly?' aaked the friend impatiently. 'Because, as ill-luck will have it, one of my rare pationta claims me this very day. It's a queer case. A man called me in to see his sister, who has gone off her head— an unfortu nate love affair, I believe. Says he's been tivwUing about with her for the last year try ing to divert her mind ; brought her at last to Melbourne, and here she became so violent that he had to send for a nurse. When I went she was strapped down in bed, the nurse's face was covered with scratches and she was raving in the most furious way. 'I'm not mad,' doctor,' she said calming down suddenly when I a ppeared. ' It's not true what they tell you.' And then sho poured out a long, rambling story aboub her supposed wrongs. The brother says she always tries it on with every new person. Awfullv sad for him— seems wrapped up in her. Well, he's taking her off to England to-day ; thinks the sea voyage will do her good and means to consult the best European doctors. I'm going down to Port Melbourne to get her on board— he's awfully afraid of her kicking up a row and the captain refusing to take her. They're not keen on lunatics, you know. By Jove. I must make haste. I'm due at Flinders-street station in a quarter of an hour. Ta-ta, I'm off.' And I was 'off' too. Chapter XXVIIL— Pout Melbourne. I remember being seized on my exit bv an indignant waitress and made to pay* my reckoning— a proceeding which at this crucial moment struck me as highly superfluous, and a moment later I was flying through the streets in a hansom bound for Flinders-street. The train was going in three minutes. This left me no time to communicate with anyone. I was forced to be my own detective. I 6aw nothing of my recent acquaintance till the train reached Port Melbourne. Then he jumped out of a first-class carriage, followed by my sometime landlady. Then a woman's figure, her face closely veiled, and, I felt pretty sure, her mouth gagged, was slowly pushed out by Wnght, who followed up the rear. I waited to see no more. The boat was lying close to the pier. I boarded her and took my passage in the steerage to Adelaide. Fortu nately there was plenty of room, so no demur was made to my appearance at the last moment. Had I been refused a passage I should certainly have tried my luck as a stowaway. My next move was to take up a position as close as possible to the stream of incoming passen gers. I kept my hand in my pocket closed upon a tiny shred of the terra-cotta necktie which had already proved so successful a talisman and waited the arrival of the party. I saw the four moving slowly along the pier, the doctor on one side of the patient, the woman on the other, Wright walking be hind. I saw him scanning the crowd, looking nervously north, south, east, and west, and I knew he was looking for me. He little dreamed that I was first in the field. When they reached the narrow gangway they wore obliged to go in Bingle file. The woman came first, then Bob, then the doctor, then Wright. As Bob passed me by Islipped theshredof stuff into her hand. The throng was so great that no one could have perceived my action. Our hands were hidden from sight. ' I felt her fingers close convulsively and .[then she passed on. I was quite sure now that the wretches had gagged her. Taking advantage of the hurry and confusion of the departure I mounted to the upper deck and watched Bob, still accom panied by the nurse and doctor, disappeared into the cabin. Taking careful note of the situation I beat a cautious retreat. I saw the young doctor reappear, hold a brief col loquy with the ship's surgeon, and then go over the side. Wright accompanied him to the gangway, smiling and rubbing his hands. The business had gone off uncom monly well; the victim had become strangely meek. Ah! sho knew herself to be completely in his power. As she showed so docile and tractable a spirit the attention of the gaoler3 began to relax. I could see Wright smoking a cigar on the deck and the nursa lolling over the ship's side, while Bob kept quiet in her cabin. There was a fellow on board, half actor, half vagabond, who appeared to have an endless store of amusing tricks on hand. Ho was travelling second class, but he had learned the run of the ropes and ingratiated himself with the stewards, and could go where he likad. I determined to make him my tool. 'Look here,' I said, buttonholing him sud denly. 'Would you like to earn £10?' He made an expressive grimace. ' You shall have it paid down on the nail if you will only do me a favor.' 'Well, what is it?' ' I want you to keep two people on deck for the next half-hour. Do you see them ? There, that dark- muzzled fellow and the nurse.' 'H'm, they don't look very amusablo speci mens,' be said doubtfully. But I'll try.' 'It's no good only trying, you must suc ceed,' I said imperiously. 'You won'c get the £10 unless you do. I waited till I had seen him approach Wright and begin some card tricks, coupled with some | amusing banter, which brought a smile to the woman's dry face. How long he would manage to keep them enthralled I could not say. I had to trust to the chapter of accidents. This was the time to remember that 'faint heart never won fair lady.' Choosing a moment when no one was in my vicinity I swung my self over the ship's sido and crept towards the porthole of Bob's cabin. Fortunately the sea | was smooth as glass and the ship didn't give j tho slightest lurch, or it might have been all up with me. I knew I was running a terrible risk. I might fall and be drowned, or someone might see me and alarm the ship's company. But desperate- men do not shrink from desperate pleasures— the word 'might' is not to be found in their dictionary. At length I reached the porthole. ' Bob,' 1 said gently. Her face was confronting mine in an instant. Joy, grati tude, surprise struggled there for mastery. Then came a sudden look of tear. 'Oh ! do be careful ; you will get drowned,' she said apprehensively. 'No fear. I'm all right. We mustn't waste words. To-morrow we shall reach ? ' 'Yes.' 'I moan to go on shore, engage a boat, and wait on the other side of the ship, I mean j the side furthest from the shore, till it is just on the point of starting. Then— will you have the courage to slip down a rope into the boat ? Here is the rope.' The answer came bravely. 'Yea.' 'The people are sure to be all standing gaping on the land side. No one will notice you. You'd better pretend to be sleeply and that will disarm suspicion. There's a little staircase at the end of the alley-way that will lead you straight up on deck. Only the sailors go there ; they will be all busy. Bob, it ia a tremendous risk, but it is your only chance. Will you brave it ?' 'I havo said yes,' Bob answered clearly. ' Don't ask me again. Everything depends on whether their dreadful woman will leave me alone.' 'I've got an ally who will tackle her, and now good-bye. May God bless you and give you courage, my ? ,' I was going to say ' darling,' but I stopped short. Just at that moment a frightened look stole into her eyes. I knew that one of her gaolers was coming and made off. I managed to get back unperceived* and sought out my card- sharper. Ho met me with a rueful face. 'Couldn't keep the old Rirl on deck any longer,' he explained dolefully. 'That beast of a fellow sent her below.' ' Anyhow, you've earned your £10,' I said, handing out the gold. The man shook hiu head. ' I don't jjrofess to be _a saint, but I can't take money I haven't fairly earned. Half an-hour was the contract, and the old girl didn't stay more than 20 minutes. The bargain is off.' 'No it isn't,' I said. 'But to set your scruples aside I'll pi ve you an extra job. Keep those two interested in something tho shore side of the ship just for five minutes before we I move off to-morrow evening, and you'll bavt earned the £10 ten times over.' 'I will,' he said, shaking me heartily bj the hand. I saw that I'd got a square fellow to deal with, and ray mind was set at rest on one point at least. Yet I never shut ray eyes for one moment to the fact that tho chances of detection were 10 to 1. Ah, well !— He either fears his fate too much, Or hia deserts are small, Who dare not put it to tbe touch To gain— or lose it all. (To be continued.) 