SU1R3ARY OF THE tt. The new Union Bridge will be finished in about four months ? The Victorian . approaches will be com pleted at the same time. A ' ghost' has been playing up at Castle maine. In the opinion of a Sydney merchant it is impossible to open up a trade in France. If any attempt were made to send colonial products prohibitive duties would be put on at once. Foxes are becoming very troublesome in the Lexton district, Victoria. The foxes not only take poultry, but they destroy young lambs. There is said to be an unusual amount of distress at Broken Hill. Bishop Dunne said he never knew so many men out of employment. Yet it was only last week that the Premier was telling people that the unemployed had all disappeared. General Booth is to re-visit Australia next January. « The yield of butter is now increasing in Victorian dairies. The cost of local option is proving very serious in Victoria. For 20 hotels closed at Echuca the amount of compensation paid was £20,000. Attemots are being made to cause hospital patients in Melbourne to contribute to the funds of the institution. Destitute persons will, of course be, exempt. It is felt that a large proportion of the patients treated are able to pay something. The Rev. Dr. Geikie, of Sydney, died on Friday. He was for 50 years a minister or the Presbyterian Church. Mr. James Watson, M.L.A., has been ap pointed Chairman of Directors of the A. J.S. Bank. In the case of the girl ab Adelaide, who died after swallowing a tooth, a post mortem waa made. It was found that the tooth had penetrated one of her lungs. A postman named Ogilvie disappeared re cently in Melbourne. On Friday his body was found in the Salt water River. There is no evidence to show how he got into the river. - ? ? Mr. Gould, the defeated Minister for Justice, considers the results of the elections gratifying. Mr. R. Stevenson, just elected for WeBt Cumberland, is a pressman 76 years of age. He is said, however, to be as vigorous as a man of 30. Mr; Ashton's success at Gouiburn is re garded with much, satisfaction at Hay. Mr. Sydney Smith is likely to be put in the Upper House. Mr. Young and Mr. M'Court are spoken of as candidates for the Speakership. Mr. .tteia is oa years ot age, Mr. Want o2, Mr. Lyne 54, and Mr. Barton 49. Sir Horatio Kitchener, Sirdar of Egypt, was 48 years of age on June24. The commercial view of the political situa tion is reported to be 'that Mr. Reid has come back from the country with his forces completely discredited and disorganised, and with only a nominal following.' Dr. Henton, a resident of Sofala for 50 years, died the other day. A consignment of onions from India reached Sydney.last Friday. The onions realised £10 per ton in the Sydney market. Tne new Sydney markets are said to be quite fireproof. There is not a fireplace in the whole build ing. A Sydney adventurer has been trying to obtain free liquor by personating a detec tive. . He was fined 20s. or three days' imprison ment. White, the cyclist, who rode from Perth to Rockhampton, has arrived in Brisbane on his return journey. So far he has covered 4719 miles. 'Mr. Symon, coachdrivor between Corowa and Urana, met with an awkward accident on Wednesday. He had opened a gate, when the wind blew it back and struck him on the leg. The small bone of the leg was broken. The Budget speech of the Victorian Premier shows a surplus of £185,564. The loss on the railways is £73,000 more than last year. The Oddfellows' Ball at Corowa took place on Friday night. It proved in every way a most successful gathering. The body of a man named Demnoair was found in a paddock near Rutherglen. The deceased was an elderly man, a saddler by trade. The Age is almost the only paper in Vic toria that still advocates the stock tax. The State school at Leneva is to continue closed on account of the prevalence of measles. . The next sitting of the Wodonga County Court will be hold on Tuesday, 13th Decem ber. Signor Bragafco, the Victorian wine expert, VJO1U3 ITUUU1IKU IUIO UIWJIUUUII. He will attend the meeting of the Wodonga Wine and Fruit Growers' Association. Agricultural proapocts in the Yarrawonga district are slated to be most encouraging. The ocean penny postage will not apply to the Australian colonies. The Financial News says Viotoria:willhaye no difficulty in borrowing money . for public works. Cattle are dying in West Australia from the tick disease; . ? . ? . A young girl at Adelaide has died from swallowing a tooth. The offices of various mining companies at Bendigo have been entered by burglars. The thieves, however, got very little for their pains. At a sale of land in the Hamilton district, Sir Frederick Sargood bought 13,000 acres at £3 per acre. A Melbourne dentist has been sued by a client for uuskilf al v?ork. Judgment waB given in favour of the defendant. The Rev. Father Guilfoyle has been elected president of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum. The population of South Australia on 1st May was 356,179. Entries for the Corowa Show close on 8th August. Prince Bismarck's health is in a critical condition. The Melbourne press is commenting . on the loss incurred through the present system of branding. .. The final instalment composition of 10s. in the £ has been paid by the Bank of Van Dieman's Land. : The Warrnambool hospital is now over crowded. ? A man almost in a dying state had to be refused admission. . The Adelaide Steamship Company pays a dividend of 8 per cent. Three bodies have been found in the bush at Peak Hill, West Australia. They are believed to have been drovers employed on the Annean station. Martin Simonsen, a violinist, has been summoned for carrying a revolver. He has been bound over to keep the peace. A train came in collision with a waggonette at Dunolly on Thursday. Horse and trap were thrown off the line by the cowcatcher, but no serious injury was done to either. The driver escaped in a most miraculous manner. Richard Beckett, prospector, was killedby a fall of earth at St. Arnaud. Wm. Pettigrew and Son, timber mer chants, of Brisbane, have failed. The lia bilities amount to £38,000. The body of a man whose clothes were marked A, Ryland has been found in a creek at Moggill ('Queensland). A number of scorching cyclists were fined in Melbourne on Friday. The death is announced of Mr. Myles Mahony, one of the oldest police superinten dents in Tasmania. Bishop Dunne stated at Broken Hill that there were more umemployed there than he had ever known in his experience. An infant daughter of Mr. A. J. Kennedy was accidentally drowned in a well near Pilliga on Thursday. The body of ihomas Young, another victim of the Dudley colliery disaster, has been recovered. Six lepers at; the Little Bay leper station were washed out to sea whilst fishing. They were picked up by a coasting steamer. Dr. Hinton, of Sofala, dropped dead on Thursday. He was 86 years of age. Mrs. Smith, a resident of Monaro for 50 years, died a few days since. A young man named Fowler, whilst out shooting at Ulladulla, met with a strange ac cident. ' He accidentally knocked his gun against a log, and it went off, destroying his left hand. At the Dubbo Sessions, Judge Docker came in collision with an attorney named M'Quinn. The judge finally threatened to have the attorney removed if he did not conduct his case properly. The ' Spanish Prisoner ' is still attempt ing to establish a practice in New South Wales. The public, however, know all about it by this time, and the game is spoiled. The Albury Banner was tho first provincial paper to expose the fraud. Burglars have been at Bathurat with fairly successful results. Some encouraging reports are to hand from goldfields near Yasg. . A crushing of 13 tons of stone yielded 170oz. The locality, Gooda Creek, is 16 miles from 5Tass. A large influx of Japanese is reported in the northern territory of South Australia. There is no law to prevent this, aa the Statute refers only to Chinese. A Chinese named Lun Sue was found dead near Armidale. He was owner of a large amount of free hold property. An attempt was made to jump an hotel in the Tamworth district. The site was on mining land, and held under a business site. The owner did not resido personally, hence ihe attempt to jump the ground. Tho local warden hold that residence was aot necessary. It was quito sufficient if the owner placed in agent or servant in charge. Pickpockets anj garrotters are very busy just now in Sydney. The latest development of daylight thiev ing takes the form of watch snatching. At Warrnambool a man who wanted shelter Btole an overcoat in order to be imprisoned. [ The feeling in favor of federa'tionis grow* - ing in Queensland. ! A league has been formed to promote tho question..; ? On the committee are some of the leading, men of the colony. ; The Chief .Justice and the Premier are at ' the head of the list. Miss Dacbsta, who recently died in Ade laide, left £7500 ' to form a ' Samaritan ' Fund. ; The money is for the benefit of convalescent hospital patients. ; At the London meeting of the Union Bank a dividend of 5 percent, was declared. By the bursting of a dam near Roxburgh. (N.Z.) £400 worth of gold was washedaway. After spending £1400 in boring 7000ft. in five bores, the New Plymouth Petroleum Company (N.Z.) has suspended operations. A well-known resident of Adelaide, named ' Mr. A. W. Dobbie, gave an exhibition . on Wednesday of hypnotism in connection with' surgical operations. Seven teeth were drawn - from a young lady patient, who said; she ex perienced no pain. Mr. James Graham, one of Victoria's oldest and most respected colonists, died on Sunday at South Yarra, after a long illness, in his 79th year. The Sydney Morning Herald says there is no prospect of a coalition between Mr. Bar ton and Mr. Reid. The fate of the Ministry will, to a large extent, depend upon the colleagues selected by Mr. Reid. It will also be affected by appointments to the Upper House. That body is none too favorable to federa tion as it is. . With a few more provincialists it wilt ba able to block federation. Any act of the Premier's tending obviously in this direction will preoipitate the fall of the Ministry. Atone place in the Wentworth electorate only two votes were recorded. The Opposition, it is said, will not challenge the Government if it goes straight on federa tion. A proposal has been made for an electric underground railway between Sydney and North Sydney. An unsuccessful attempt was made in New Zealand to wreck a train. There are 30 new members in the Legia lative Assembly. Of these, ten have been in Parliament ' before. There were great festivities on Monday at Kiandra. A large number of members of the Alpine Clab went up from Sydney. The town was en ftte and full of miners' and visitors, Snow skating races were indulged in for a number of prizes. Amateurs made a very good show, especially when experts in cycling. Mr. J. C. Watson, the member for Young, has been received by his constituents with much enthusiasm. \ Mr. George M'Kay, one of the oldest resi dents of the Orange district, died on Satur day, aged 80. Heavy falls of snow are reported on the Upper Murray. An Australian lady has been visiting Salt Lake City. She speaks highly of the cleanliness of the city. There is a handsome building for the ac commodation of Mormon women who desire to leave their husbands. So far, it is said, only one woman has availed herself of this refuge. An American haa invented a machine for cutting sandwiches. This will bo a great boon at Victorian railway refreshment rooms. Cross-out saws have hitherto been used, and they last a very short time. Something under £14,000 has been col lected for Victorian Home for Consumptives. The Thirlmere Home will be taken over ub tho end of the month. Tho marble found in the Molong district is said to be of good quality. It is well adapted for monumental pur poses. Mr. Ben. Tillett has left New Zealand for London. The Hindoo hawkers are becoming a pest in the Ooraki district. The Fijians are paying their taxes to the Tongan Government in bananas. The Finley Bicycle Club holds a track race on 20th August. Shearing is now starting in Riveriaa. A commencement will be made at Tuppal next Wednesday. Some Finley exhibitors wore successful at the Jerilderie show. Influenza is reported to be prevalent all over the border districts. A cargo of 1000 tons of wheat is being sent from Sydney to South Af rioa. The Victorian Government proposes spend ing £8000 on the embankment works' lioar Tocmnwal. The S.A. Government are considering a proposal to build a railway to Innamincka. The lino is eotimated to cost £1,209,000. The Railway CommiBBionor considers the lino would Boon be self-supporting. There is a prospocfc of peace soon being arranged between Spain and Amerioa. Tho Royal assent to the Asiatic .Immigra tion Restriction Bill has boon rcoeivod by cable. A series of fires is reported to . have, oo« curred at Benalla. ~ . 