|0TEKAT(UIIF5i LITERARY C0SSIP. The October number'. .of the "Windsor Magazine" presents a large variety of fic tion, to which Australian authors contribute no small- proportion. TliereNs a pleasant little story -by Ethel Turner on Schoolgirl- Life, nnd Mr. J. A. Bnrr.v writes one of his characteristic sea yarns, wherein be de scribes how the master of a crazy collier gets even with a canting, swindling firm of ship owners, aud does a prolltnble .deal for himself hy selling -his cargo of coal to a Spanish cruiser In wnnl of fuel. The Inci dent. never happened, of course, but It Is not beyond the range of possibility. After all, it Is the insurance companies, and not the ship owners, who would linve to pny the piper; another Instance of the Innocent being muile to suffer for the. misdeeds of -Un guilty. In I'hnros the Egyptian,; Guy . Booth-- by becomes more reckless lfi'dlBregiird'Jo'f.'the probabilities,; but siill iio'pienHCBftceytaiii class of careless renders, who 'lire' not' crl-- tlcal as long as they nre amused. There' are short stories by A. Hnrwnrd and "W. A/ Frnser, which do not rencli any high stan dard of merit. Mr. Douglas ' Sladen, since his novel The Admiral,' hois become an au thority on Nelson, and he writes on Nelson's footsteps In the Two Sicilies, without add ing much to previous knowledge on the sub; Jeot.. The verses by Henry Newbolt on Tra falgar hardly rise beyond, tlie level of dog gerel. What other Judgment can be passed on lines like these? — . Our captain was Hardy, the pride of us all, I'll ask for none better when danger shall call;' He was hnrdy hy nature and Hardy hy name. And snon by his conduct to honor he came. Mr. Hurry Furnlss supplies some character sketches of Sydney life, nnd Is particularly, severe on the larrikin pest. Lieutenant Johausen's experiences in the Arctic regions with Ntinsen nre Interesting. The value lot tlie wo'rit done by Mr. Qulntiu Hogg nt the London Polytechnic Is sympathetically de scribed.' The langunge of eulogy Is carried to a ridiculous extent In the appreciation .of' Mr. Ilennlkcr Hcnton, by John Oldcns'tle. The member for Canterbury may linve done good serviee by his persistence in the cause of Imperial penny postage, but' he Is no hea ven-born genius. The "Century" for October Is a very full number both In the way of literary matter and Illustrations. Professor Slonuo contri butes an article on Bismarck, wherein" he gives some personal nnd critical Impressions of tlie great German Chancellor as man and statesman. When George Bancroft the historian was Minister plculpotcntUiry nt Berlin. Mr. Slonnc held n position lu tlie embassy, and bnd some opportunities of gaining a personal knowledge of Bismarck. "Among the somewhat fulled visions of his presence which remain," says Professor Sloane, "there Is none that Is altogether agreeable. He was too elemental In bis per son nnd manners to leave on the mere bystander any other Impression than that of power. Even In mo ments of excitement his features were not bo much attractive as fascinuting; the expression of force did not often, If ever, dlsupponr altogether before the appear ance of good humor. It was a Bpeetaele far from edifying to see lilm driving through the crowded tliorouglifures of the capital seated iu u low nud narrow broiighnin, nnd caressing his wonted companion, it huge nnd savngc dog, seemingly Indifferent to the ac clamations with which he was greeted when recognised and to till the life about hiiu. The impression was all the more; profound . bechtis'e It'- whs' tS 1'jSic' of conduct" antipodal to t liut of Ills suave and gracious, master, tbe old Empcror,_ who rode when possible In nil open vlctorlriV nnd 'ackuoiyledged ' tlie salute of livery passer .by,": Life nnd ' society lu - Old Cuba" are vividly depleted, hnd sonic knotty problems of the Philippines nre presented lii> another article. A striking account 'of 'n storiii at sea Is given by'H. rhelps Whltmiirsli, the : scene being inld off tlie' uortli-vvost const of Aus- triiliii. The author hud experience among the pearl fisheries, and knows the wild fury of wind uud wave under the tropical tor nado, locally known as tbe willy-willy. An account more historical than graphic Is given of the blockudc of tlie Confederate ports during the great rebellion. Other contributions of Interest are a sketcb of Edouard Detnllle, the great battle painter, iibd'a story, founded ou-tbe weird tradition 'of. /the Werwolves., A new edition of all Macatilay's works has lieeh Issued under the nnmc of "The Albnny Edition," .well printed aud of u very con-. :.vcnlent size to hold lu the hand— not too henvy. The more Macaulny Is bought and read the better. Some petty coteries, some fastidious and over refined crltlcB, have af fected to run hlin down as being common place In thought; metallic, blunt and tawdry In style — In short, a Philistine. And no doubt It is true that the more subtle phases of thought and tlio more delicate touches of style are not In his way. He Is broad, hold, vigorous, full of color, and, Indeed, of the strong colors. It Is easy to say that be wants this or that partieulnr elinrm. llut j when nil lias been said against htm that can be said the fact remains Hint he is a writer whom everybody can read and- whom nearly everybody enjoys reading, a writer whose charm will keep an elderly mini up Into at j uiglit, though he may have read every word before, . nud .vylU-cven detain n boy fro|nl(his sports:''1 The Very' faults which critics of 'the "precious" sort blame are merits for the average reader, for they rouse aud stimulate lilui, being qunlitlcs not too much above his own level, yet accompanied by nu extraordin ary force. It Is, therefore, u wholesome sign tlint Macaulny maintains his popular ity. His Influence lias been, except 111 one respect, an unmixed good for England and for America. Thnt one respect is the dispo sition common here, still commoner In America, to Imitate his style. It Is n style which Is in a way very ensy to lmltntc, and mtiuy young writers can Indeed with diffi culty avoid Imitating It. Hut strong, telling aud brilliant ns It Is In the bands of Macau lny himself, the monotony of Its cadences anil Its proueness to exaggeration, especially to the exaggeration of antitheses which are sometimes forced or uureul, makes nearly nil imitations of It frigid, tiresome, perhaps even repulsive. Cnrlyle Is nlso appearing iu a new edition. The Hermit of Chelsea does not perhnps sell quite ns largely ns the Btntesmnn of the Al bany. He Is not such easy rending, and als topics are not all of them of sucli permanent Interest. Nevertheless he still sells well, niul seems likely to continue to do so for ninny n yenr to coine. Since our own time produces no first rate prose, It Is well that jlic taste for tlie grent writers of the last generation should continue so fresh aud keen. Seldom have two contemporary writers been more sharply contrasted. Mncnuhiy, a trifle the younger of the two, made his funic more quickly, nnd passed away sooner, ne found his public at once, and his public fed on him with grohT. . avidity. Curly le was past middle age l, fore. he. became a well known figure but it Intensity of devotion from his disciples passed any . reverence ever received by \i utility. Neither thought highly of the ..ti.'.'i'' A .well-known. passage In Carlyle's disc-m-- . on Dr. Johnson Is obviously directed. ng-inV'i Mnquilny. .'Mncnuhiy — in in letter adtli c U a If Sve ("The . Speaker") remember an'-:„' to,... the, editor of tbe "Edlnl.i" ..a Review" — uses some sucli word- ",- these, for we quote from uicmoiv ! speaking of "Mr. Garlyle, who Is ceriiiulv a man of talent, though 1 do not a-i stiinil the admiration he receives In . quarters," or words to that effect. "t,|1L. can easily imagine the criticism which m-,,.. unlay,. ;Wonld have written of "Sartor |V. snrtiis," or Cnrlyle of the "Essay. !,» Itiic'o'ii"." ltotli were nbove vulgar Jeui. -.y nor nced -anyone seek any sucli ex(. ..y.v tloif: of their, uttltnde, for neither w; I i',v nature II tied to see the best points .it t lie- otjier: nnd . whoever greatly admin-.. n,c.. style.of either will not relish the style nic . other." Carlyle's manner anil dii:„ui, though most-people will now ndtnlt that ,in.y wijre purer nud finer 111 his early niul n.l.Mie- period .than they became after 1840. imd .between. 1840 and 1860 not n few Imitator. Injltntlbhs have now censed: and the .le«- oftflie old man ns a philosopher or n prophet charged -with profound truths ltns vanished nwayv- To the present generation t'avljl,- Isjnelth.er.n prophet nor a sage, nor, Indeed,, h teacher nit all; he Is only a literary amn, or; ns Tennyson happily expressed It, a poet wlthoiit-thc faculty of verse. It can laitdlv be. snld that the Judgment of posterity hit's, yet determined definitely his place la our literature.. Yet thnt place will surely he- a high one; and It seems safe to predict tlmt some four or five, at least, of his books, In- chiding "Sartor Ilosnrltis" and "The French Revolution," will continue to be rend as. long ns even Mncnulny's Essays. Another addition to the list of "Bulletin" poets appears in the person of IV. H. Ogil. vie, /.whose scattered contributions liave- been collected for issue '.'under the title of "Fair Girls and Grey Horses." It has been, heralded with an opinion -expressed hy Mr. Victor J. Daley thnt It will be the must charming hook of Australian verse that has. yet appeared. We cannot any front glnnc- lag over some of the advance pages which- -. huve been sent us tlint we are disposed to endorse tills very eulogistic appreciation. Mr; Daley's own poetry Is of n much higher order, of .merit In nil the essential qualities . wlijch arc necessary to secure the attention-, of thoughtful leaders, llut It will he unfair- to Judge Mr. Ogllvlo hy only n partial selec tion' from his work, nud we therefore profei- to withhold our estimate until we nre af forded;, the opportunity of obtaining a fuller - knowledge. A favorable specimen of hi.-; ability Is furnished 111 the verses slyhO Deserted : — This 'is the homestead — the still lagoon Kisses the foot of the garden fence, Shimmering under n silver moon In, a midnight silence, cold and tense; Vines run wild on the old verandah, Holding tliolr arms to us standing by. Garden paths where we used to wander, Carry, the bush grass rank nnd high. Here nnd there has a blossom stayed Out of tlie wreck of the passing years; But these will wither, for flowers must fade U'hose only water is salt sea tears. There are ghosts in the garden wildernesses, And gliding wraiths nt the water Bide, Murmur' of voices nnd rustle of dresses- Shadow life that has never died. The stock yard is empty and dim and drear; Here and there is a gap In the railB, Hut I can see ns we stand a-ncar, Moving steeds where the daylight fails— 1 sec as 1 stand at the slip rnil3 dreaming Many riders thnt mount and meet, Sun on the saddles gleaming, gleaming, Red dust wrapping the horses' feet. The world Is silent under the stars, And yet there comes to my ear alone The tiny clink of the snafile bars As' the eager heads arc upward thrown. And the sound of the muffled hoof beat after Strikes like a hummer on heart and brain; And the faint, far echo of drifting laughter Wakens the strength of a sleeping pain. Come, eonte away from the lonely home, Softly, Foftly as mourners tread; The world is wide — there is space to roam Without awaking the sleeping dead. Till the last of the scattered flowers shall wither, Tlie last of the stock yard' rails decay, Till the old walls crumble and fall- together. The ghost will move in the moonlight grey. T II E CHIPPEWA INDIANS (It E (' E X T L Y I N It F. V O L T). AT THE ART MUSEUM. Aunt Jane: "That is the 'Temptation of St. Anthony.' Ain't It terriblef" Uncle Jabcz: "Ycb, terribly realistic. Yer can almost hear her Baying 'ahe hain't got a thing fit ter wear,' and him being tempted to swear." 