Bishop Lanigan's Cathedral. A SPEECH ON THE GRAND OLD MAN BY BISHOP GALLAGHER. Con firmation at Marulan. In the presence of a large congregation which filled the beautiful little church to its utmost capacity, his Lordship Dr. Gallagher administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to forty candidates at Marulan last Sunday. When his Lordship had concluded ? the sacred duties of his visit, he was presented with a beautifully illuminated address of welcome, as well as a cheque for fifteen guineas towards the liquidation of the debt on the Goulburn Cathedral. The address was signed, on behalf of the Catholics of the district, by Mesbrs. P. Kilfoyle, W. Nolan, J. Wallace, M. O'Brien, H. Herbert, Thomas J. Culhane, John O'Brien, and James Maher. ? Dr. Gallagher, in replying, eaid it gave him great pleasure to accept their beautiful' address and handsome testi monial. Their address spoke out the warm, generous sentiments of loyalty, affection and esteem which, thank God, had always ex isted, and, he trusted, would ever exsist between the Catholic people of the diocese of Goulburn and their chief pastor. It ought to be a great source of strength to a Coadjutor-Bishop — who was still little more than entering upon the discharge of his high but onerous duties — to not merely be told in every place ho visits, but to feel that ho can rely in all his difficulties — in all his works for God's glory and for the salvation of souls — on the strone faith and firm ra'urwose and generous co-operation of a loyal and deter mined and faithful people. He was also very pleased that they utilised' the occasion of his visit to make up this (for them) truly splendid collection, and asked him to present it to their venerable Bishop, Dr. Lanigan, as their donation, towards wiping out the debt upon — as a necessary preliminary for the consecration of — his grand cathedral; The tie that bound the people of Marulan to his Lordship, Dr. Lanigan, was not of a late date nor of an ordinary kind. Nearly forty years had elapsed since Dr. Lanigan haa first celebrated Mass in this distriot. It was he that had built and left completed, almost as it stands to-day, this solid, pretty, 1 1* 1 ? j j 1 i 1 U i 1 ana commodious awie onuron oi uresseu stone. Somo of those hore present must havo boon baptised by his Lordship ; and many at least of thpso who now make up the elders of the congregation must have been prepared by him for their first recep tion of the sacramonts. It was then a .genuine ploasure for him, Dr. Gallagher, to present this genorous heart-offering of his old flock to Dr. Lanigan, at the crowning ovent of^his life, as a momonto of his first mission and of his early labours in Australia, It was natural that thoy — and indeed that all the Catholics of tho Dioaese of Goulburn —should foel proud of their cathedral, of contributing something towards its final emancipation from debt, and of the privilege of being present at its solemn consecration. It was a priviloge that could fall to tho lot of only one generation. It was an event that oould ooour only onoe in the history of a1 diocese. Onoe solemnly consecrated the Cathedral could not, while it retained its identity, be ever consecrated ' 'again. As. was baptism for the .Christian, as were holy orders for the priest, suoh was solemn oonseoratiori for the Cathedral. It imprinted a sacred oharaoter or mark that could never be effaced. The Cathedral, besides, was not the church merely of a parish, or of a town or of a oity. It was the Church ? of the whole diooese. In it the publlo worship of God is carried oubin'all its splendour. In it are consecrated the holy oils used in the Sacraments of Baptism, of Confirmation, of Holy Ordors and of JSxtromo Unction. In it are ordained the priests who administer the saoramentH and instruct the people. From it tho chief pastor exorcises urisdiotion and takos hood for tho whole look, over which tho Holy Ghost has plaood him a Bishop to rule tho Church of God. It was, theroforo, a matter for legitimate pride, not merely to their vonerablo Bishop, but for his zealous, hard-working and onorgetic priests, and for all their faithful people, that S.S. Peter and Paul's is the first Cathedral of the metropolitan province of Sydney and of the colony of New South Wales to be solemly consecrated. It would be a lasting and glorious memorial of his long and fruitful episcopate, and of the close union and magnificent generosity of bishop, priests, and people,, that it is the only Cathedral of the southern world which. was begun, successfully carried through, and is now to be solemnly dedicated in the lifetime of its first Bishop. And now one word for themselves, in particular before he con cluded. Although the accommodation was likely to be overtaxed on the day of the consecration, and room could hardly bo found for all who on that day would bo anxious to gain admission, yet he hoped that several from Marulan might be present in the Cathedral on April .24. Such an event formed an epoch and constituted as it were a landmark in one's life. .He hoped especially that some few of the junior mem bers of their little congregation might bo present ; and that when Dr. Lanigan and himself and Father O'Shoa, and all the bishops, priests, and people who were chief actors on the scene, had gone into tho houso of their eternity, they might be able to re count to a now generation that thoy were there on that whioh was. perhaps . the proudest day whioh the Catholics had ever seen, when under the presidency of the Cardinal-Archbishop, surrounded by all the bishops of the province and nearly all tho priests of the diocese-and a vast concourse of the faithful, SS. Peter and Paul's Cathe dra], at last completed in all details andfroo from every penny of debt, was solemnly, dedioatod to the service of God, and for all the sacred functions of our holy Catholic religion. 