Hen and Women of 50 Tears Ago. Again I commence a few items concerning the parish of Lambeth, which was at the time very theatrical in its tendency, even to the street not to say the gallery boys. Tbey were amusing to a degree at stage fencing. They were quite adepts, they fenced to two tunes. ' The xkoooera anu uaaoissi which, if they missed, they were hissed. You may have heard the term 'Bravo Hicks.' He was a great personage with the gods, and was always vociferously received. To the great trouble of managers the public is very kittle cattle, and hard to please. Once make a hit like ' Jim Crow,' and then all ie easy. During my experience it was not always tbe big houses that struck 'ile. 'The Bohemians' was played at the minor houses with such success tbat the West End had to take it up. The principal character in it required certain qualifications possessed in a marked and eminent degree by Mr. N. T. Hicks, a fine handsome man, a first rate stage presence, expressive eyes, in fact he was acknowledged by the profession te be the best, if not the only, ' King of the Bohemians ' in London, tho' he lived opposite the 6urrey Theatre on the first floor of a greengrocer's shop. The windows of this ' King of Bohemians M were often broken, and not often repaired. 6f course applications were made to him to break his engagement and to take service under West End manage ment, but he staunchly refused. 'No! I am very comfortable here,' he would say, ' the old gentleman is not a bad sort.' Now there was a notable failure just then in shifting. Mr. Wright was a great deserved favorite with Adelphi audiences. They foolishly shifted him to the Princess Theatre — there his funni ments fell fiat. He said he could not stand it any longer, it was like playing to a lot of Quakers, so they sent him bank to his old quarters to play with Paul Bedford and Miss Woolyer. Alfred Mellon was chej fforehe*-treei and he dared not look up at her, they were courting at the time. To her credit she would take no engagement, unless her father at £4 a week played third smuggler or some such character, nor would she marry till after her father's death. There were notable people in the district at the time. Mr. Osbadestou, one of the best impersonators of ''The Stranger,' the husband of Miss Vincent, the lessee of the Vic. ; con cerning which theatre also I have a little to say. My dad happened to hear that an old and esteemed friend of his, Mr. G Wrench, was playing at the Vic. ' What,' he exclaimed, ' a man of his known ability playing at a minor theatre. My boy we'll go and see.' So we went just after 12 noon. ' Was Mr. Wrench play ing here?' 'Yes sir, rehearsal just over, he'll be here in a minute.' ' We can go in I suppose ? ' ' Yes sir,' and we went. I was astonished, the largest stage in London, plenty of work for the scene painter for wings. 'Well, George, where have you been hiding yourself ? ' 'Well, it's a long story, we'll adjourn.' We did so to a coffee house close by and had it out. He had suffered illness, loss of engagement through the same obliged to visit his uncle. ' Thank God I've seen you, you ahan't wafita vonr talent. I'll Mi you to West End in a short time.' He said 'I should't like to leave Uiss Vincent at too short a notice, as she has treated me very well. You should have seen the miserable wretch I was when I came here.' Well, father went with me straight away to Mr. Bolton, of the Strand Theatre afterwardsatthe Haymarket, and he offered Wrench an excellent salary when he should choose to leave Miss Vincent. Her father was a rara act's, a theatrical newsagent, and supplied Mr. Beck, an old friend of ours, Blaokfriars-road, with the paper, and me with lots of theatrical news. I can't leave the Surrey side yet. Madame Vestris did visit the Surrey Theatre for a week only, and played in a dramatized version of ' The Bronze Horse.' and finished by ascending to the flies on a bronze horse, attired in Roman oostume so short as to display her faultless anatomy to the most advantage. I know my mother lost a valuable brooch in the crush, and we did not hear the last of it for a long time — mother's oriticism was ' a rude thing.' There is still another house ro De noucea, ine immortal alleys. The most notable acts, then and there, was the ' Court Jester,' Mr. Wallett, who had trained a white poodle to do everything but speak. He bad just performed before tbe Queen at Windsor — hence his title. Tbe dog was placed in the centre of the cirous, ana is told to go on. He had a small oask in front of him. Of course there is a slight ascent to tbe upper edge of tho cirous, which is rather tight work. ' That's day work,' dog nods, ' now try piece workj' of course he goes downward at a great paoe. ' Capital,' says hiB master. ' Every workman likes piecework, because be then shows what he's made of.' This was the first appearance of this clever poodle. ; The other grand piece of work | was a piece entitled 'The Secret Mine,' whioh cost, getting up, £2,000. The principal scene of which consisted of a series of oaves, the top row ponies, 2nd, 3^ ^nd 4th of horses, larger to the bbttom row. All were gorgeously caparisoned, shields, jewelles, sables, turbans, represent ing tbe robbers retreat. A gong sounds, the bottom row appears, rocks close up, then the next lot until aU are paraded to receive the enemy. All the horses are shod with felt, so that they present a spectacle grand, noiseless, and extra ordinary. Presently the gong sounds the seoond time, then the band, and parade twice round the stage and off. As is well-known, Dacrow in his young days bad no compeer as a circus rider and trainer of horses. The man who taught him, ' Old Sanders,' as he was then called, had one guinea a week for life, as also had Jenkins, a celebrated tumbler. Monday was pay day at Astleys, as almost all the others, when the 'ghost' did walk. One Monday old Sanders called, 'Well old gentlemen, here's the oash,' and was going to give him his money. ' No, I want to see him.' ' He's got two rum 'uor. and won't be down till two o'clock.' At laat Ducrow came in, he shook bands, and he was always treated with very great respect by all the grooms, seeing he was such a favorite with TnAfiter «? Whnf ia .-9' Kin hand into his pocket. ' No, I don't want that, I want thirty pound.' ' What for ? ' ' To start a theatre ! Yes, I've got the site, and I've got nearly everything.' ' Where is it to be ? ' ' In Tyre.stroet, Vaux hall.' He let him have the money. He carried on for two years till the police stopped him. This class of of theatre was called 'penny gaff.' We cotne now to the last scene of this eventful liiFtory as regards poor Ducrow. A dreadful fire ronsumed all his best horses, all his dresses, some worth £i(J0, jewels and dia monds, the gift* of mo5t of the crowned heads of Europe, notably of Russia. '? All my little chickens at one fell swoop ' and his favourite servant, enough to break any man's heart and it broke his. I saw his coffin, it was different to any mfln's that I e-er saw. the colour was light blue, like a child'*, silver trimmings. Undertakers, Giwler and Sanderson Westminster Bridge-road On the ashes of ' Astleys ' rose a successor in a Mr. Batty, who took tho West minster baths and converted them into a circus. The place was not by any means suitable. He had for a long while a wordy warfare with tho Weekly Dispatch, which paper always constituted itself the censor of public amusements, condemning the trnp- ' pings of the horses. &c; , comparing j them to the king of the circus, 1 Ducrow ! I promised, in my last contribu sion, ' the how and the wherefore' of Mr. Mathews' savings When the season was over in London, he immediately organised provincial tours, which were profitable to him At the first stopping place, he went always to the best hotel, stating he should stay for a week. 'What terms?' Host and hostess retired, returning with a very moderate tariff. ' Oh, I'm pleased, I shall put up here on my return,' at which they did not look particularly grati fied. Their general charge was high, they charged him a little more than half. They thought as every body did, that he was a bad pay, and it would be better to make sure. So, as he said, 'I established a pre- ; cedent.' He only travelled with five, or at most, with seven, all tren, who found their own quarters. The prices were all raised. 2s. to the pit ? was a tine qua non. All the lessees hailed him with open arms, the northern circuit had a good many Jows, and the further he went north — Vires acquerit eundo. This was one source of wealth, all reedy money. When he went back, he took a trip to Pans. He wasn't very success ful the first time, but on his second risit he was quite astonished at the warmth of his reception. In fact he had brushed up his French a bit, which didn't want it. Then he went to America, it must have been after Madame's death (of which I have no exact date). In that great continent he made his mark. In one of the cities therein he played with a clever lady, a married lady ; her husband spent all her earnings, at which Charlie was exceeding wroth. He insulted Mr. Mathews, and Mathews procured a horsewhip and plied this blackguard as long as he could stand. Then the lady procured a divoroe (which is not difficult in the States) aud Mathews married her and brought her here. Her name was, I think, Davenport. Notably she appeared in ' Medea,' a bur lesque, but her acting was grand. No burlesque about that. Strange, but true, that both the ladies he married were notable and clever women. [to be continued.] 