JEffll JJete& ANGLO-COLONIAL TOTES* (From our Speoial Correspondent.), London, September 16, 1898: Thus the scribe on banking attached to the. 'Financial Times: — 'There are some spas modic signs of iaiptovementB in- Australian banks; but what we want to know is whether, these can be backed up by substantial' reasons. We see no reason, for a fall,, but the speeches of the chairmen at the recent meeting's were not particularly optimistic, and the position remains as before — a conflict between- recon structed and non-reconstructed banks. This does no good to Australia whichever side wins;' Mr. David Christie- Murray, who is beinp liberally used for advertisement purposes by the reorganised 'London Morning,' and' gleams at us through his spectacles from, every possible hoarding and dead: wall in the metropolis, will not, it' appears, absolutely edit tiie ' Daily Mail's' rival. He haa simply been, engaged to supply a signed: article regularly on the 'Topic of fcliB Hour' for. die front page. I have read Bev- eral and- find them sufficiently entertaining chat. Thereisnot asa rule much concerning the ' topic of; the hour,' but tiie adventures, experiences, theories,, and notable notions of David Christie- Murray are endless. Never had man more touching faith in his own sublime, ego. For example, in an article on the remarkable dicta of Sir William Brookes-on the ' Unseen World' at the British Association Mr. Murray devotes a para graph to the eminent scientist's observa tions, and a column to an account of how he interviewed the spirit of Robert Louis Stevenson. This is quite a novelty in ghost stories and should deeply interest even those of you who never met K.L.3. -Mr. Murray himself did not know the seigneur of Valima, but the latter, like most of us, thought a lot ol 'Joseph's Coat' and 'Rainbow Gold,' and had written to the author praising them. When Stevenson died Christie Murray was in America, and presided at the memorial meeting in honor of the deceased roinanciet at Carnegie Hall, New York. A few nights later he was up country at a lonely little accommodation-house in Canada wrestling with a new poem, and not thinking of R.L.S. 'When,' declares Mr. Murray, 'I went to bed and put out my candle Stevenson was miles away from my thoughts; and I was wrapped in the contemplation of the one stubborn verse in. my poem. On a sudden, as I lay my face to the wall, I was aware, in some strange way,, of a figure behind me. I saw nothing and Beard nothing-, but the impression was en tirely clear. The figure advanced with a certain willowy grace — it was as distinct to me as if I had seen it — reached the chair at the bedside, seemed to remove the shallow candlestick from chair to table and to sit down. Then the face became visible — to my imagination alone — and I recognised it as that of Robert Louis Stevenson. When you know a face from photography only it is not easy for tlits imagination to set its features in motion, but here they sparkled with a bright and affectionate animation. 'Now, I'll tell you what I should do with that verse if I were writing it.' There was no sound, and yet the words were in my mind as clearly as if a voice had spoken them,, and not only that, they had a certain characteristic tone, an individuality, not to be defined but real. And then, without the faintest conscious effort of my own, came this verse :— With IooIlb like any devil's Brim He poured the urewage till it ran With letid horror at the brim, 'Kow drink,' he Ribed, 'and play the man.' He reached the chalice forth ; a stank That my soul failed me, and 1 drank. Now, whether that bears anything of , Stevenson's hall mark or no I cannot tell. ! But the thing happened, and whether it were J a fact or a fancy in its inward essential it is a fact from the historical point of view.' The professional sculling race for the English championship and the 'Sportsman' Challenge Cup, the initial heats of which will be rowed , to-morrow, promises to furnish a very interest- ? ing contest between England and Australia. | The draw which took place when the quartet entered made good the second half of the stake of £50 each resulted in Jem Wray being antagonised with W. A. Barry, and George ' Towns with the veteran George Rubear. Wray and Bubear were the lucky ones in the toss for j choice of stations. All the competitors are fit as fiddles, but the chauces seem to be in favor of Wray and Towns fighting out the issue on , Wednesday next. The latter has had several j mishaps during his training, and on Friday ( evening last had a very narrow squeak. He was sprinting up river for all he was worth and an amateur in a rum-tum was sculling do»vn ? | stream at a good pace. Neither man noticed ; 1 the other until but a few yards separated ! [ the craft, when a shout from the bank warned ' | Towns of his danger. He looked round and I backwatered hard as he knew how, but the amateur lost his head and failed to check his -j boat, the nose of which caught Towns's craft, ' ripped the skin from cutwater to rowlock, and caught the Australian in the middle of the back. The blow wa3 a severe one and raised ! a nasty bump and bruise, but, though painful ! , for a day or two, the injury did not interfere j with the Australian's preparation, and he is 1 favorite for his heat at 3 to i on. Percy Cavill has replied to a challenge from '.Tacky' Tyers intimating his willingness to swim the latter a mile in the sea at Blackpool, j or in any open sheet of water where the con- i ditions regulating the Mile Championship of I the Amateur Swimming Association can be | complied with. Joey Nuttell is also after i Cavill's scalp and offers to race him a mile for ] any amount from £100 a side upwards. Swimmers hero have been taking liberties with Jack Hollings's name, averring that he is ', about to turn professional. I have the best ' authority for contradicting this rumor, namely, I a personal assurance from Hellings that he has I no intention of leaving the amateur ranks. | He would indeed be a fool to do so at present, ] for he has a reasonably good berth at Messrs. i Cook & Son's, and professional swimming is by no means a money-making- game at present. At a board meeting of the International' Cyclists' Association held in Vienna on Wed nesday, September 3, under the presidency of Herr Staai, of Denmark, it was decided to give a favorable answer to applications from the New Zealand CycliBt Union and the League of New Zealand, as representing the amateur and professional cyclists of the colony respectively, for affiliation to the association. Applications from unions in America, Canada, Switzerland, and Italy were rejected, but the Mexican Union were affiliated. An old friend fondly believed by most of us to be 'resting' within the classic shades of Pentridge seems to have turned up in Canada. This is Captain Landermann, alias Landeshut, alias Middleton, alias Macdonald, a profes sional adventurer of much experience and admirable resource and versatility. The captain belongs to the He Drew race, and is believed to have begun life as a clerk in Rothschild's. The* firm unfortu nately early presented him with 'the saok,' ' and he tben gravitated to San Francisco and Honolulu. In 1881 Landeshut came on to. Auckland and put up at the Star Hotel; He |live± in graa*- sfijrl^.sooir- got ttrknow'every body; ancfmade-lovetto two or three nice girls surreptitiously/ and simultaneously. How his character was: ultimately discovered: it would1 tate too long: to tell' henai Suffice- it to say Several highly respeotable- oitizens gitully. paid; the fellow's passage down, south to get rid, of him, Landeshufc was next liBard of in. Melbourne,, where- the. abstraction, of a lady's gold' bracelet in a. fit of' absence of mind: resulted- in a term of im prisonment. Some years- later our. hero again, turned up in Melbourne. He-had now become, a wealthy Mauritius, merohauty and: some ex tremely clever commercial frauds were sheeted home to him. These, resulted in. another pro tracted; sojourn in. Fentridge, and' if he has been, released' id. can only- be recently. In 'the name of A. J. Middleton a- man shrewdly suspected to be Landeshut now. lies in durance vile at Woodstock,. Ontario, accused of obtaining goodB. on false pretences. This is, however,, only a bythe way charge, his most notable recent exploit being the promotion of a mythical railroad, from- Woodstock to Brantfordj in which, largely by means of la vifih social entertain ments, he- had' aroused much local interest. In the leisure lbft by such achievements Middle ton- is said to have wooed and won four fain daughters of1 the. Dominion, all of whom with . their well-connected friendsara now lamenting. According to: his. own statements Middleton: is an Englishman by birth, and: one of the must interesting episodes- in his life took place in London. He- was here- for two- or three months last, year for the purpose of flbating a Klondyke mining company. Armed' with' one or two letters of introduction Middleton obtained entrance- into certain city circles and secured: the co-operation of a: firm of solicitors. A considerable amount of capital had been raised,, and he was about' to be entrusted' with the sum of £10,000 for the purpose of proceed ing to the Kkmdyke- and purchasing claims. Then one of tiie solicitors, so the story goes,, detected Middleton in a falsehold about his having dined with some titled people and en quiries were made, which were followed by the collapse of the scheme and the Klbndyke ex pert's departure from London. According to the 'Toronto Globe' no more in teresting development in the case or one which- throws more- light on Mlddleton's character and abilities has occurred than the discovery of two letters; which prove that if he is not a very clever forger, no less a person than the novelist, Mr. H. Rider Haggard, was as much a victim of his insinuating ways as; were many other people with whom he. came into contact. Both letters, it is stated, purport to be signed by Mr.- Haggard, and are written* on the notepaper of Ditchingham Rouse, Nor foik. They also purport to be in the hand writing of the. novelist. The first, dated April 11, 18(J8, invites Middleton,. alias Landeshut, to 'spend a quiet Sunday, in a quiet house in Norfolk' and make Mrs. Haggard's acquain tance. The second (dated a week later) under takes ' to write an account of your life, expe rience, and. discoveries in Alaska, the Arctic regions, and British North- West territories for a consideration of a sum of £10,000, £9,000 in cash, and £1,000 in shares of the claim, 30 El Dorado Ci-eek Company — the cash, to be paid as may be mutually agreed.' It is the grcatest possible pity two such sumptuous imaginations as Landeshut's and Haggard'3 should not have collaborated. The result must have been remarkable. London, September 23, 1898. Just when everybody with an interest in the matter had well nigh' abandoned all hope of ever seeing the China resume her place in the P. & O. steamer service news came to hand that the chances of saving the vessel were extremely bright. Last week end the news came to baud that she was afloat, and on Monday tbe cable intimated that she had been safely towed into Perim harbor. Her salvage certainly ranks as one of the most important, operations of the kind ever accomplished. It will be remembered that when the China stranded on March 25 last — just six months ago — it was found that the rocks had seriously holed her bottom, and an examination by divers showed that before any attempt could be made to fill up the gaps the penetrating rocks would have to be blasted away. Owing to bad weather this delicate operation was ac complished with the greatest difficulty; and five months elapsed before the divers were able to commence the work of patching up the ship's bottom. Finally this operation was satisfactorily accomplished. Having been pumped dry. the China, thanks partly to a recurrence of the abnormally high tide which proved her salvation on the night of the mis hap, was successfully floated. The salvage operations were carried out by the Nord discher Bergungs Veroin, of Hamburg, and the Neptuu Salvage Company, of Stockholm. A large u umber of gentlemen interested in the great shipowning and mail carrying companies assembled at the Old Bailey on iionday to hear the trial of Jago and Kynaston for pillaging- the postbags of the R.M.S. Britannic. The proceedings were, however, of the briefest, as both men pleaded guilty. Mr. Richards described the casu as one almost without parallel in the history of the post- office. Jago had pleaded guilty to stealing a letter con taining. 10 bank coupons of the United States, another letter containing 1,500 dollars, and a third letter containing four uncut diamonds. Kynaston had pleaded guilty to everything but stealing the diamonds, which he re pudiated, and the j'r^secution were satisfied that in all probability his pica on that point was true. The extraordinary position of the whole affair was that Japo, who held an appointment in the Royal Naval Reserve, had been 10 yuars in the employment of the White Star Company, and he held the position at the time of this robbery of chief officer of the Britannic. It has now been ascertained- that in 1S83 he was con victed of forgery, but of this the Wliite Star Company seemed to have been in igno rance. He came to the company with the Board of Trade certificate and testimonials, and upon that he was employed. Kynaston. had been in the employ of the company only 20 months, and he thought it only fair to say at once that he had been the dupe and creature of Jago. Not only had Jago been his ruin, bub since the case was before the Police Court he had endeavored to get Kynaston to withdraw a confession he had made by promising to allow his wife 20s. a week if he would take the whole thing upon himself and to give him £150 when lie came oub of gaol. From the moment of his arreBt Kynastoa had afforded every facility to the authorities and' had' turned a deaf ear to the overtures' made to him by Jago that he should' withdraw his con fession and take the matter entirely upon himself. This waa not an isolated; cose, a letter having been- stolen in 1897 containing 957 dollars. The matter, was of the greatest consequence to the public, and' Mr. Richards asked for an exemplary sentence in the case of Jago. The recorder asked whether there was. any evidence to show how the- bags which were opened- were resealod. Mr. Richards said there was a post-office seal, but in the hurry of dispatch.it was sometimesomitted; and such a duplicate seal was easily obtain able; The letters which were opened' were cut with a razor and gummed up again. Jago was convicted in 1883 at Liverpool of forgery. The recorder remarked that having heard the statements made he did not see what further steps the company could have taken than- they did. He did not see how it could be suggested that they, had been, guilty of the slightest carelessness. He sentenced Jago to eight years' penal: servitude, and Ey naaton to twoh'e 'months' hard labot 