CHAPTER XV.-THE GHOST OF THE NIGHT. Doctor Powell fully recognised his re sponsibility, and slept with one oye open, so to speak. He had bound his prisoner securely, yet not so as to render him uncomfort able. He realised how often he himself had been supposed to be securely bound, when a prisoner of Indians and outlaws, and had surprised them by showing that be was non est in the.morning; so he kad no Intention, as regarded the man he had captured, that he should disappear. When the morning came the Surgeon Scout prepared a good breakfast, led his ihorses to,water, and staked them:in a fresh feeding-place. This done, he lighted his pipe, and, seating himself by the side of his prisoner, said: "Now, let us get better acquainted. I am Doctor Frank Powell -" "'The Surgeon Scout?"' exclaimed the prisoner,.amazedly. "Yes, I am: so called." "You needn't say no more, for I knows yer." \- "Then you are aware I will do as I say. Now, who are you?" "'Waal, I'm called Luke Lumley by my pards."' "And your trade?" "Mining for.dust." "In other.people's pockets, yes." .- I'ma honest man, cap'.?'" ' "When you are asleep. Look -here, now: I know you are ani outlaw, and see if I do not read you right.. "Youare one;of the band of Mid nighters, and,.wlishing to leave them- we will say, to bliecome an honest iman- yoiu'and your paid robbed yoir~comi~de~ and ran off, . "You had to~o -opttbecause you could not get horsesawithout too nimich risk, and because, too, ou' preferred to leave no trail. ' :- .: r "Seeing me cbming, you souughbto kill or capture me; but "got caught ti your own trap. Beinganu outlav, -yo know exactly rwherethe retreat of 1he band is: so if you guide ine there, I will gist you your life and freedom, and the plunder I found on you, with K horse to go .on your way. "It you refuse, I shall find the retrest without your aid,nnd take' you to the fort,where Colonel Ferris will have you hanged, for I can get witnesses enough against you among Cody's scouts. Now what have you to say?" "I'ard doctor, you reads my ailment like a book. I is a outlaw, or was, and me and my pard was skippin' the lay out, as our hearts wasn't in it, for we was forced to do lawless acts." "Such as firing upon me." "Waal, thet were wrong, hut we was lookin' out for ourselves. W'e got what we c'u'd together and started out afoot, so as ter leave no trail, and there you has it." "Then you can lead me to the retreat?" "Yas, I could; but see here-I won't!" "Then you will have to hang." "TYou is going to rescue Cody; fer I has heerd you two was great pards." \- 'How do you knon I am going to find Cody?' '"W? al, he is a prisoner." "Youknow this?" "'I left-him in ther retreat." "And you refuse to guide me there?" "Pard cap'n, see here; I would be kilt mighty-quick if was caught by the Miidnighters, and you'll hang me if I don't guide you there; but, as I don't like either dose, I has terms to offer. "Well?" "Give me your pledge of honor, to spare my life and let me go free, with a couple of good horses and the booty that be longs to my dead pard and me, and I will guide you and some scouts and soldiers there, but not you alone. You'll want to take with you all of forty men, then I'll be safe. If these tarms don't suit, pard doctor, I can do no more." "The money found on your pard and yourself you can have, as well as the two horses you demand; but the booty I shall turn over to Colonel Ferris,'for it ,was'stolen. Now, I'll do no more, and you can have until night to consider. We will go on now." Theman urged against going back to wards the mountains, but ur'geon Powell paid no further heed to him, and they were soon upon the trail. It was near sunset when they camped for the night, and as it had grown very cold,, and a snowstorm was threaten ing, the doctor sought :a shel tered spot, the prisolier seeming very anxious, which convinced his eaptor.that they were near the camnping"ground of the ,idnighters. S oon after sunset the moon rose brightly, the clouds drifted away, and having had supper, the surgeon and his prisoner sat by the camp fire talking until after the midnight hour. The lat ter had assured the doctor, that Cody was . prisoner to the outlaws, and con vinced him that to attempt to rescue him without considerable'- force would be useless. : "They has by this time about got onter my pard, and me havin' cleared out, for we was sent to find some stray cattle, and I'm expectin' 'em ter be hot on my trail any minute-Lord! what is that?" The men shrank back into the shadow as the rattle of hoofs came to their ears, and the Surgeon Scout sprang up ready for action, just as a strange sight came before his eyes, for there dashed into view, in the moonlight, what appeared to be ap hantom horse and rider. "My God! it's the Ghost of the Moun tains!" groaned the prisoner. "And there comes Cody in full pursuit. I'll bring the ghost down for him," said the Surgeon Scout; and he threw his rifle to his shoulder,- but ere he could take aim at the weird horse and rider, the prisoner uttered a cry of alarm and sprang for ward, bound hand and foot though he was, thowing-biimself' with full force against Doctor Powell, who was hurled backwards. Tihe rifle flashed, the doctor fell with stunning force, his-head striking a rock, and the Ghost of the Mountain and Cody in hot pursuit passed on out of sight in the moonlight, their horses' hoof-falls growing fainter and fainter. \- (To be Continued.) 