Gompensatioh diaim, Kto g'sholme Land Resumption r v > BuHrnha' Railway Li r&: 1 llie hearing of the case Howes v, .the Com miflaioner for Ruilways wart oontiuued'yestor- duy, before his /hoaour Mr. JusticO Ileal 'utid ln jury of fouri; Plaintiff clairrts£7,0no its cnuipOnsatiou for depreciation in tlie vnltio Of land in consequonco of ' the resiimntion for the oonstrnotion of tlio BulimbU braneh rull- way line. ' - - ' Tho jury hearing tlie oaso coiisliitcd of Mossrs. Henry t Biscoe, Andrew Edward Chapman, Simon Kminp, 'and ' Georgo Prentice. .. Mr; Edwyn Lilley, with . him Mr. J. L.;; Woolcock (instructed bv Messrs. Thynno and Ma'cartnpyjj appeared 'for the plaintiff: Mr; Feez; with him Mr. . J. J. Ktngsbnry (in structed by the Crown solicitor), for the defendant. r Alfred Joseph Goldsmith '.(continuing) : There were places down the river where moro suitablo ; dock sites than tlio plaintiff's laud could be .found,'-. : He knew of. such sites below Queonsport; By llr. Lilloy : He would admit tliat boforo tho railway was conslruetod the water front age_ could (have been used for wharf sites in Conjunction' with manufacturing premises. A good deal of mbnby would require to bospont in cutting away the ground in the ronr. ' Now that' the railway wus there it wonld bo possible to havo wliurves witli bulk stores nt the'baok, in sccm-danco witli the plan wbich he had propnred; He would admit that tliero ;ba'i been .some slight detriment to tho wharf sites iii consequence, of tlio ruihvay. The principurdetriment was' that' if the frontago wiis divided into three wliarf sites, tho bulk store a( tho Murquarie street end would liavu to be built on the other side of tlie railway lino. ' If the wharfage sites hud' been his property, lie .would have preferred the railway lino ; to liuvo' beon about Id feet further back, so as to givo bim a little more room for the bulk stores. To, Mr. Kingsbury: He considered that tho enhancement of the value of plaintiff's property by reuson of the railway fully made up for tho detriment, to the wharf sites. By Mr. Liiley : Ho Was aware that plain tiff's land had been spoken of as a dock site some years buck, Edward Alexander Ernest Cullen, nautical surveyor and assistant engineer to the Marine Department, deposed that lie had studied tho question of dock conetruution in a general way. He had inspeutod tho plaintiff's laud. He did not consider it a' suitable site for a dock because it was surrounded by hills, which rendered access difficult, und in tlie event of a thunderstorm tlio drainage from the hills might cause failure of the dook : wall. Ho. did not think tho flood question would affect that site mure than any other. It would be an advantage to havo tlio dock further down tlie river, whero the rise und fall was not so great. He would not chouso us a dock sito a place liable to bo submerged by flood if lio ooiild get a better ono. By Mr. Lilloy : He liad some experience in wliarf construction. Apart from commercial considerations he thought the plaintiff's limtl would have been a good place to construct a wliurf prior to tho laying down of tho rail way lino. Charles M'Lay, architect, deposed that ho hiid prepared wlmrf designs, but had not built any wharves. He wus not now follow ing his profession, having since last May held (lio position of ohiof inspector of factories and shops. Ho knew plaintiff's land. Did nut considor it wus a good factory sito before tho railway was put thoro. . The land would have beon suited for residential purposes. Ho thought - Mr. Stanley's plan for wliarf sites now timt iho railway had been built . was a perfectly practicable one Ho considered that taking info consideration tlio vulno of the land resumed, the detrimont to the back land and the bettcrinont to the river frontage, that there was a balance due to tbe plaintiff'. He estimated tlio portions re sumed to he worth £728 10s., or £170 per acre. Tho betterment to tbe water frontage lie estimaied at £762, at the rate of £530 por acre. Tlie detriment to tho back lands ho valued , lit £250. .. He considered that the balance puyublc-lo the plaintiff was £416 10s. By Mr. Woolcoek : The detriment to tlio back land be considered was caused by the existence ot tho railway embankment. He did not tliink the loss of access to tho river was any detriment to Ihe value of the back laud if used fur residential purposes. Charles Douglas Burns deposed ho had boon donkmaster at tho Government dock, South Brisbane, since 1882. It would be easier for vessels to go into tho dock if the opening of the dock' pointed more, down stream. He know of ono vessel which thoy were unable to take into the dock. Thnt wus the steamer Kukuiu, and the rouson whs that the vessel waa too brand for the dook entrance. In other respects the dock bad beon adequate for all requirements. The enlargement of tlio dook so us to tako io large vessels liko tho Rnkuiii was under considera tion. He did not think the Government dock was n commercial suueess. It was only used by private .ships about a month' and a half in the course of tlie year. ' 1-Ie know tho dock site on plaintiff's land ; did not tlnnk it was n good sito for a dook, because of the insufficiency of space required for re- pairing-shops and other, necessary buildings. He ' had some experience of docks in other places. Ho had seen docks where the traffic went over dock gates, but liad uot scon any whore traffic went over a cuisson. The li ghost flood before the South Brisbane dock wiis constructed was in 1S64'. The walls of the dock wero built so as to be above the level of the 1864 flood. Tho court adjourned at 4.50 p.m. until Monday morning. In our report of tho case Howes v. Com missioner for Railways on Thursday, Mr. James Love is represented to hava said in his ovidenee, " Ho did not think that any mer chant hmdiug goods at the wharf for any inland destination would send them by rail to Roma street and then have thorn transhipped. ' ' Mr. Love now writes to say that his state ment was intondod to apply to goods destined for tho Brisbnno mnrket. IA portion only of the foregoing appeared in our Second Edition yesterday. 