PLOUGHING=.MATOH. = For a few y.ars it has been theuciatom to hold ploughing matches under the anspic?s of the Kilmore fc Agricultural Society, and they'have proved suocess" b, fnl owing to the whole-hearted way in which a certain enthusiasts took the matter up, and in this y 'particular the residents of Wallan deserve to be al warmly congratulated for the energy with which tl the, always assisted. ..This year there was a possibility that the match would fall through, g inasmuch as that those interested were of opinion o the Agricultural Society should take complete I control of the match, guaranteeing the prizes and pocketing the surplus, at the same time benefitting in the allocation of Governmient grant-in-aid. For. J tunately the members of the society saw the ti advantages that accrue from holding an annual T match and it was determined 'that the society hold k the match on 6th July (yesterday), a number of t1 gentlemen interested in ploughing also agreeing to ci assist, and indeed all concerned who took an active part in arranging for the match and in promoting of its success deserve the thanks of the society and all interested in agriculture. "'Speed the plough" is a fitting motto for an agricultural society, and that ei ploughing match enthusiast, Mr J. :M'Kendrick, gi is quite correct in his contention that it is as much t the duty of an agricultural society-to hold a plough- i ing match as to hold a show. Mr Taylor, a mem- s, ber of the society, hardly- :favorctd the society. G undertaking any liability in the matter, and by-the s way that gentleman and Mr M'Kendrick had some pa-? tnupeaking on the mattero°oMr Lade recognised tl the necessity of the society'`lisuming its proper o responsibility and has starte$ a bisis which will tl likely result in the societysholding the ploughing match annually. Mr M'Lea, anoither old and able member of the society, pointed out that admitting the society should hold. a loughi6g match annually, a only one collection should be made from the public, p and the latter might be expected to give a little more generously in that subscription, recognising that the C society was active and progressive and was en- tl deavoring by shoik' anid imatches to advance all the branches ,'of- industry connected with ii the soil. There'"is'-"a great deal in Mr M'Lean's contentioh;i?Ahioh will mean that every subscriber to the Sdclety is assisting both the show q and the match, audit will have the effect no doubt of inducing those that are at:present solely in terested in the ploughing matches-to take an active h interest in the Agricultural Society and the show also. However, this.year-collectors were appointed for the match and itise-surmised their efforts have a been fairly successful, although the actual financial h result is not yet known. Applications were invited from persons willing to give land for the match, and ei Mr T. Hunt offered that very, suitable paddock at g the foot of Melrose Hall,-pointing out that his offer was made bo that the committee would not be in want of a place for the match. This was the land a: where a previous match was held, and it was unani, mously agreed that'ithe match be held on the c Melrose Hall property, The entries came in well, and on Tuesday a sub-committee appointed for the i purpose visited the ground to " peg-out"-not to give up the ghost"? In slang phraseology, but to go through the process of allotting the areas for the competitors. The ground was in good order for t, plouhing and somesplendid work was done, and ti the judges in soie instances. mast have had some tl difficulty in coming to a decision as the competition F was very keen. A good number of spectators visited. t the ground during the day, and Mr Stewart, of Macs ,o Hotel, Wallan, who had -the liquor' -booth, and W vended good brd-imuset have received a fair shar" t of patronage. Appended arelthe reaults : Judges-J. uil0d.8eymour, J. Corrigan, .Berfad meadows, Jas. Notma,; Mt. William,;J. N, Ryan,. Wandong, J. Davis, Broadmeadows. - Class A-Champion Double Farrow. Open to all. First prize, £8; second prize, £4.; third prize, £1. " Jno. M'Dongall, Yarrawonga, 1; D. Johnston, \- Wallan, 2. Class B-Double Furrow. Open to all who have wt aon I et priza in-Cleas B 'Douible- Furrow, or any prize nChampioa Double furdW. E.l prize, £5; second prize, £3; third prize, £1 10s.; N. M,'Kendrick,'Wallan, 1; C. H. Bond, Glenroy, 2 ; A. Trotman, Glenroy, 3. Class A-Champion Single Furrow. Open to all. First prize, £4 ; second prize, £2 10s; third prize, £1. - :D. Quinn, Bylands, I; E. Andrews, Woodstock, 2; A. M'Kendrick, Wallan, 3. " Class B-Single Furrow. Open to all. who. have never won a first prize in Class B, or any prize in Class A single furrow. First prize, £4; 'second prise, £2 10s; third prize, £1. . " - , A. W. Budd, Bylands, 1; E. Andrews, Wood steock, 2; J. Hill, Cragieburn, 3. .... Boys' Class-Double Farrow..: -For boys. 18 years and under. First, £3; second, £1 10s; third, V. Budd, Wallan, 1. Only one entry. EXTRAS. Beet Crown-Class B .Single Furrow, A. W. Budd; Double Fdrrow, N. M'Kendrick. Beat finish - Single Faurrow, A. W. Budd;' Double Furrow, C. H. Bond. Best team-A. Wilson, 1 ; P. Preyne, 2. sAmongst the allocations under the Mines De partment Act we are pleased to notice £200 to G. Bobinson, of-M angalore. The Kilmore district as usual comes out with nil. Wmin, Young, captain of a football team at Mort- i lake, received such injuries whilst playing on Saturday that he died next day. Mr Findlay M'Lean dropped dead in his paddock a at Ruffy on Monday. The Premier of Queensland (Mr Byrnes) recom mends a conference of Premiers of contributing colonies on the New Guinea question. Form. an Australian horse belonging to Mr H. C. White, won the Waterhbeach Welter Handicap in England on Friday last. . John Lewis jumped into an 80ft well, with his I : 3 l3-months..old child in his arms, near Beechworth. I .The child was killed, but Lewis was almost unhurt. 1 .- Miss Cooke, daughter of the late Mr Gee. Cooks, 7 : who years back carried on a saddlery business in : the premises now occupied by the Free Press. paid a visit here last week. The young lady nanued, who \- was ?a?eompanied by her UnCle, Mr Dickenson, of the-Victorian Railways Department, is'employed in S the United States Education Department, 100 miles from San Franclso, and took advantage of vacation period to visit her native home, She was quite young when she was taken to America by her father, himself a native of the States, and felt na--i--mrlzMntor-st in lookingup some of the old residents \- left, all of whom spoke'in kindly and affectionate .. ,.termsof-theJlate-ld r Cooke, who was a man de uervedly esteemed iuthebloeality. It is quite likely Miss Cooke will pay another visit to Kilmore ere her retarn to America. An old and much respected journalist, Mr John F. Pattin; of the" Avoca Mail," died on Saturday last. S Alderman Samuel Amess, of Melbourne, an old S colonist, died on Saturday, aged 72. -America and Spain -at war in earnest now. Several engagements during the past week-mach slaughter. - - - Dnria thi past week there were two changes in local hotels, MrM. Courtney succeeding Mr Doolan in the All Natio~zi, and Mrs M. E. Hunt becoming the proprietress of the gilmore Hotel in succession to Mr T. Hammond; Another local hotel it is said S is. also likely, to change hands. A "send.offl" wes tendered by the Kilmore Fire Brigade members and friends to Mr M. Doolan, of the All Nations Hotel, on Thursday evening last, and there was b large attendance, testifying to the popularity in which Mr Doolan was held. Capt. ,-.- ..Watson occupied the chair and discharged his S functiohs with'ability, a very pleasant social evening boing spent. The guest of the evening thanked the company for the honor accorded him, and said he would always remember the numerous friends he had made in Kilmore. S Golden Dyke washed-up 38 tons for 2Ooz 7dwt. Mr Melville retires as one of the Southern P rovince representatives next month. \We presume he intends seeking re-election as there has been no announcement to the contrary. For the South Eastern Province Mr Buchanan retires and will not seek re-election.' Sir Ru.ert Clarke has determined never to race a horse in Victoria again, although he may do so ini other colonies. This step has been taken in conse quence of the V.~~ . action over the pony Silver e;:' IL. L Lovers of the turf will regret to see Sir Rupert withdraw from it here,. more espeially when it is so generally recognised that his runbhing horses was a guarantee of straight conducl. 