THE IMERIOIIS IB. -By S. PhlUlp^'fi^enh'elm.jauthor of 'F*Ise . ' Evidence.' eticZ etc.) ---— - .OHAPia?EEXX¥ ^Continued).; ': ? 'My dear'Iiady iDerlnghain,' he said, .:'%: havetold^ou^tie^xafct trytli. .*? I want ko get some gtatistic^ltor'iiy paper..,'- Mr. C. himself reeom&end;£ffL.'iae to try and- get them from your Uusband^tiiittt is absolutely all. .'As for this attemotea/'f oblierv - of wJiieh tou were telling me,, b^jer^ me wheii I assure .you. that. I know nothji$S:wJiaterer- about, it Youi sou's interest is,;af.ter.aU, only 'natural. The study of the papers on which your, husband has been ^engaged is, the only reasonable -test of his 'sanity. Ff antly, I cannot bBliey.e that, anyone in Liord- Derlnghain^s mental- -state could produce any \vork likely, to .be of the slightest permanent- value,'' '''/': The jCountess. sighed,. . . ./'??'?.?. 'I suppose that I must believe you, Victor,' she said; 'yet,. ^notwithstanding ^ all that you say, I do not know hbw-to-help you — my hus band scarcely ever, leaves ..-, the room. ' He works there .with a revolver by Tiis side. If he were to find a stranger near his work I believe that he would shoot him without hesi tation.' - ? 'At night time- — ' *'At night time-he usually sleeps there in an anteroom, and outside there is a man always watching.' Mr. Sabin looked thoughtful. 'It is_only necessary,' he said, 'for me to be In: the room for about ten. minutes, and 1 do not n^ed to carry anything away; my memory will serve me for all that I require. By gome, ineans or other I ihust- have that ten minutes:'*'- ' l ? ^^ - ? ? ??????? - nYou will risk your life,-' Lady Deringham said, 'for I cannot suggest any plan; I would :help you if I could, but I am powerless.' 'I must have that ten minutes,' Mr. Sabin said slowly. 'Must!' Lady Deringham raised her eye brows. There was a subtle change in the tone of the. man, a note of authority, perhaps even' the shadow of a. threat; he noted the ef fect and followed it up. . 'I mean what I say, Constance,' he declar ed. 'I am not asking you a great thing; you have your full share of woman's wit, and you can arrange this if you lite.' : 'But, Victor, be reasonable,' she protested; 'suggest a, way yourself if you think it so easy, I tell you that he never leaves the room!' 'He must be made to leave it!' 'By force?' 'If necessary,' Mr. Sabin answered coolly. Lady' Deringham raised her hand to her forehead, and sat thinking. -The man's grow ing earnesttiess bewildei*ed, her. . What was to be done — what could she say? After all he was not changed; the old fear of him was creeping through her veins; yet she made her effort. 'Tou want those papers for something more than a magazine article!' she declared. 'There ?' is something behind all this! Victor, I cannot ? help you; I am powerless. I will take no part In anything which I cannot understand.' . He stood up, leaning a little upon his stick, the dull, green stone of which flashed bright ly in the firelight. ~- ? 'You will help me,' he said slowly. 'You will let me into that room at night, and you will see that your husband is not there, or ^that he does not interfere. As to that maga zine article, you are right! What if it were a lie! I do not fly at small game! Now do ?''.. you understand?' She rose to her feet, and drew herself up Hefore him proudly. She towered above him, handsome, dignified, angry. 'Victor,' she said firmly; 'I refuse; you can go away at once! I will have no more to do -or say to you! You have given me up my letters, it is true; yet for that you have no special claim upon my gratitude. . A man of honor would have destroyed them long ago.' v-s-s-^He- looked ^itip at her, and the ghost of an jpniiojy smile flickered upon bjs lips. ?-'Did I tell you that I had given them all back to you?' he said. 'Ah! that was a mis take; all save one, I should have said! One Ii kept, in case Well, your sex are pro verbially ungrateful, you know. It is the .»neon the yellow paper, written from Men tone. You remember it? I always liked it . better than any of the others.' Her white hands flashed out in the firelight. It seemed almost as though she must have Btruek him. 'Hehad' lied to her! She was not ? really free. He was still the master and she his slave! She stood as though -turned to .stone. ' ?'? 'I think,' he said, 'that you will listen now to a little plan which has just occurred to me, 'Vill 'you not?' : She looked away from him with a shudder. 'What is it?' she asked hoarsely. \- . CHAPTER XXVI. 'lam afraid,' Hareutt said, 'that either the letter wa$ a hoax, or the writer has thought tetter of the matter. It is half an hour past ? the time, and poor Mr. Blatherwick is still alone.' . . . Wolfenden glanced toward the table where his, father's secretary was already fin i ishing his modest meal. 'Poor old Blatherwick!' he remarked; '1 know he's awfully relieved. He's too ner vous for this sort of thing; I believe he would have lost&is; head nlto-rr-tiioi« ?f his mysterious correspondent had turned up.' 'I suppose,' Hareutt said, 'that we may 'talte it for granted that he is not in the room.' 'Every soul here,' Wolfenden answered, 'is known to me either personally or by sight. The man with the dark moustache sitting by ? himself is a London solicitor, who built him self a -bungalow here four years ago, and comes down every other week for golf. The two men in the corner are land speculators from Norwich; and their neighbor is -3aptain .Stoneham, who rides over from the barracks ?twice a week, also for golf.' . 'It is rather a sell for us,' Hareutt remark ed. 'On the whole, I am. not sorry that I . have to go back to town .to-night. Great Scott! what a pretty ;girl!' . , 'Leah back, yon idiot!' Wolfenden exclaim leffSpfily.;; 'don't nioye if you'ean help it!' V1 Hareutt grasped the situation and obeyed at once. The portion of the dining-room in ' which they were sitting was little more than a recess, divided off. -from the main apart ment oy heavy' curtains, and seldom used ex cept in the summer, when visitors were plen tiful. vMr. Blatherwick's table was really ,within a few feet of theirs, but they them selves were hidden from it by a corner of the folding* doors. ;. They had- chosen the position ?with care -and apparently -with success. T£e girl who had entered the room stood fpru moment looking round as though about to select a table. Harcutt's exclamation was not Without justification, for she was cer tainly pretty. She was neatly dressed inagrey walking^ suit, and a velvet Tam-o'-Shanter : hat, wl& ^a^mart feather. Suddenly she saw*jir.;=Blatherwick, and advanced towards him with otrtstretehed hand and a charming smile. .. ''Why.'cmy dear Mr. Blatherwick, what on earth^are you doing here?' she exclaimed.. #-Ha$B'Srou left' JDbrd Deringham?' ? .?'Hi* Blatherwiek rose to his feet confused, Mid*ffi&Tiing-to; liis .spectacles; he greeted the yoimg^aayiiliowever^ with evident pleasure. ??^pjthat.iisi^ot.yet,' he answered; 'I am nb^^iMii§B'|ii!B:%e?^- ;4^d not. know— I iad;^D^M^^at ^ou wepe in the tieihlty! ' 1 aiii''ipery^|tl^Seja:if-- isee yop.':-- ??' '??' ?_ ? ? -: .;'' ^eii6pke^^.|^S?^ empty^place at his table. '^I^^^^^PI|io^avie,so||ie luncheon,1? she s?iia???i^ttY^P^lfeed so much farther than-i totended/lpd ^^MO^yenously hungry. May i:*i^At2S^*f|^?'e'':'-;:';--\ ' ' ???'-. ,:?''.? i'i\ ?'WltE^u^SllliSDEe,' Mr. Blatherwick as sented. * ??'&I;^P^* -je^E-eeting- a— a-^f riend; but he is^v||^^^ot%om?^5-' ??«*'i^fflaife^#.S-i&ce;'i*eii.--«-^ aaay-' she ?aaia^Spnf^^i^^ ??:the :*1*ir which thfe waiter was holding for her, and raising her veil. 'Will you order something for roe? I am, too toq.huugry^anijuij /wbaj it is.' ajjTi- blatherwick gave' a,r!Jiesitating ,order, ,and the waitei', departed:- IJfiss jilertpn ^ drew; off her gloves, -and was perfectly, at 'her ease: ,'Nb.w, tell me about the; f r'xend whom you were going to meet,^sh-S-^aia, Smiling gaily at him. 'I hoper- you TeaflysimMst not tell me, }Mr. Blatlier\^fcJi tb^tltiwasii lady!' ^ M^Blathei'wiek. colored to the roots t of his hair at the mere suggestion, and hastened to disclaim it. .. 'My — my dear Miss Merton!''he exclaimed, 'I can assure you that it was not! I— I should not think of such a thing.' , She nodded, and began to break up her roll :aid eat it. . rl am very glad to hear it, Mv. Blather 'w«ick,''she said; 'I warn you that I was pre^ p^ared to be very jealous. You used to tell me, y(ou know, that I was the only girl with whom 3^ou cared to talk.' :: . 'It is— quite true, quite true,: Miss Merton,' he answered eagerly, dropping his voice a little, and glancing uneasily over his shoulder. 'I — I have missed you very much indeed; it has been very dull.' Mr. Blatherwickv signed; he was rewarded by a very kind glance from a1 pair of very blue eyes. He fingered the wine list, and be gan to wonder whether she would care for champagne. 'Now tell me,' she said, 'all the news. How are they all at Deringham Hall— the dear old admiral and the Countess, and that remark ably silly young man, Lord. Wolfenden?' Wolfenden received a kick under the table, and Harcutt's face positively beamed with de light. Mr. Blatherwick, however, had almost forgotten their proximity. He had made up his mind to order champagne. 'The ad-ad-admiral is well in health, but Worse mentally,' lie. answered. 'I am leav ing for that very reason. I do not conceive that in. fairness to myself I should continue to waste my time in work which can bring forth no fruit. I trust, Miss Merton, that you agree with me.' 'Perfectly,' she answered gravely. 'The Countess,' he contiued; 'is well, but much worried. There have. been strange hap — hap— happenings at the Hall since you left. Lord Wolfenden is there. By-the-by, Miss Merton,' he added, dropping his voice, 'I do not — not — think that you used to consider Lord Wolfenden so very silly when you were at Deringham.' 'It was very dull sometimes— When you were busy; Mr. Blatherwick,' she answered, beginning her luneu. 'I. will confess to you that I did try to amuse myself a little with Lord Wolfenden. But he was altogether too rustic— too stupid! I like a man with brains!' Hareutt produced a handkerchief and stuff ed it to his mouth; his face was slowly becom ing purple with suppressed laughter. Mr. Blatherwick ordered the champagne. 'I— I was very jealous of him,' he admitted almost in a whisper. The blue eyes were raised again very elo quently to his. 'You had no cause,' she said gently; 'and Mr. Blatherwick, haven't you forgotten some thing?' Mr. Blatherwick had sipped his glass of champagne, and answered without a stutter. 'I have not,' he said, 'forgotten you!' 'You used to call me by my Christian name!' 'I should be delighted to . call you Miss — Blanche for ever,' he said boldly.' 'Ma^ I?' She laughed softly. 'Well, I don't quite know abouftbat,' she said; 'you may for this morning, at least. It is so pleasant to see you again. How is the work getting on?' He groaned. 'Don't ask me, please; it is awful! I am truly glad that I am leaving — for many rea sons.' 'Have you finished copying those awful de tails* of the defective armor plates?' she ask ed, suddenly dropping her voice so that it barely reached the other side of the table. 'Only last night,' he answered;- 'it was very hard work, and so ridiculous! It went into the box with the rest of the finished work this morning.' 'Did the admiral engage a new typewriter?' she inquired. He shook his head. 'I am so glad,' she said. 'You have had no temptation to flirt then with anybody else, have you?' 'To flirt— with anybody else! Oh! Miss— I mean Blanche. Do you think that I could do- that?' His little round face shone with sincerity and the heat of the unaccustomed wine. His eyes were watering a little, and his spectacles were dull. The girl looked at him in amuse ment. 'I am afraid,' she said with a sigh, 'that you used to flirt with me!' 'I can assure you, B—B— Blanche,' he de clared earnstly, 'that I never said a word to you which I— I did not hon—hon— honestly mean. Blanche, I should like to ask you something.' ? 'Not now,' she interrupted hastily. 'Do you know, I fancy that we must be getting too confidential. That odious man with the eyeglass keeps staringi at us. Tell me what you are going to do when you leave here. You can ask me— what you were going to after wards.' Mr. Blatherwick grew eloquent and Blanche was sympathetic. It was quite half an hour before they rose and prepared io depart. 'I know you won't mind,' Blanche said to him confidentially, 'if I ask you to leave the hotel first; the people I am with are a little particular, and it would scarcely do, you see, for us to go out together.' 'Certainly,' he replied. 'Would you 1— like meto leave you here— would it be better?' 'You might walk to the door with me, please,' she said. 'I am afraid you must be very disappointed that' your friend did not come. Are you not?' Mr. Blatherwick's reply was almost inco herent in its excess of protestation. They walked down the room together. Hareutt and Wolfenden looked at one another. ''Well,' the former exclaimed, drinking up his liqueur, 'it's a sell!' 'Yes,' Wolfenden agreed thoughtfully, with his eyes fixed upon the two departing figures, 'it is a sell!' CHAPTER XXVII. Wolfenden sent his phaeton to the station with Hareutt, who had been summoned back to town upon important business. After Vards he slipped back to the hall to wait for its return, and came face to face with Mr. Blatherwick, who was starting homewards. ? 'I was looking for you,' Wolfenden said; 'your luncheon -party turned' out a little dif ferent to anything we had expected.' ' 'I am happy,' Mr. Blatberwick said, 'to be able to believe that the letter was after all a hoax, There was no one in the room; as you would' doubtless observe, likely to be in any way concerned in the matter.' Wolfenden knocked the ash off his cigarette without replying. 'You seem,' he remarked, '.'to be on fairly intimate terms with Miss Merton.' 'We were fellow workers fo? several months,' Mr. Blatherwiek .reminded him; 'naturally, we saw a good deal of one anoth er.^' ;v 'She is,' Wolfenden continued, 'a very charming girl?' 'I -consider her in every way,' Mr. Blather wiek said, with^enthusiasm, *'a most delight ful young lady. T I— I am very much attached to her.' * 1 Wolfenden laid his hand on the secretary's shoulder. ..?-/ 'Blatherwick,' he said, 'you're a good fel low, and I like you. Don't toe offended at what Tarn going to say. You must not trust Miss Mertoli; she is not quite what she ap pears to you,' Mr. Blatherwick took a step backward, and flushed red with anger. 'I do not understand you, Lord Wolfenden,'; he said. 'What do you know of Miss Mer ton?' 'Not very much,' Wolfenden said quietly; 'quite enough, though, to justify me in warn ing you seriously against her. She' is a very clever young person, but I am afraid a very unscrupulous one;'' Mr. Blatherwick was grave, almost digni fied. 'Lord Wolfenden,' he said, 'you are the son of. my employer, ? lyit I take the liberty of telling you that you are a 1—1 ? ' : 'Steady, Blatherwick,' Wolfenden inter rupted; 'you must not call me names.' 'You are not speaking the truth,' Mr. Bla therwick continued, curbing himself with an effort. 'I will not listen to, or — or permit in my presence any aspersion against that young lady!' Wolfenden shook his head gently. ? 'Mr. Blatherwick,' he said, 'don't be a fool! You ought to know taht I am not the sort ot a man to make evil remarks about a lady be hind her back unless I knew what I was talk ing about. I cannot at this moment prove it, but I am morally convinced that Miss Merton came here to-day at the instigation, of the per son who wrote to you, and that she only re frained from making you some offer because she knew quite well that we were within hearing.' . . 'I will not listen to another word, Lord Wolfenden,' Mr. Blatherwick declared vigor ously. ' If you are honest, you are cruelly misjudging that young lady; if not, you must know yourself the proper epithet to be applied to the person who defames an innocent girl behind her back! I wish you good afternoon, Sir. I shall leave' Deringhaih Hall tomor row.' He strode away, and Wolfenden watched him with a faint, regretful smile upon his lips. Then he turned round suddenly. A little thrill nf snft mnsiral Imiolitor r.omo flnntinn*-! out from a recess in the darkest corner of i;ne hall. Miss Merton was leaning back among the cushions of a lounge, her eyes gleaming with amusement. She beckoned Wolfenden to her. 'Quite melodramatic, wasn't it?' she ex claimed, moving her skirts for him to sit by her side. 'Dear litle man! Do you know, he wants to marry me?' 'What a clever girl you are!' Wolfenden re^ marked. 'Really, you'd make an admirable wife for him.' She pouted a little. 'Thank you very much,' she said. 'I am not contemplating making anyone an admira ble wife; matrimony does hot attract me* at all.' 'I don't know what pleasure you can find in making a fool of a decent little chap like that,', he said; 'it's too bad of you Blanche.' 'One must amuse oneself, and he is so very odd and so very much in earnest.' 'Of course,' Wolfenden continued, 'I know that you had another object.' 'Had I?' 'You came here to try and tempt the poop little fellow with a thousand pounds!' 'I have never,' she interposed calmly, 'pos- sessed a thousand shillings in my life.' 'Not on your own account, of course: you came on behalf of your employer, Mr. Sabin, or someone behind him! What is this devil ry, Blanche?' She looked at him out of wide-open eyes, but she made no answer. 'So far as I can see,' he remarked, 'I must confess that foolery seems a better term. 1 cannot imagine anything in my father's work worth the concoction of any elaborate scheme to steal. But never mind; there is a scheme, and you are in it Now I will make a propo sition to you. It is a matter of money, I suppose; will you name your terms to come over to my side?' A- look crept into her eyes which puzzled him. 'Over to your side,' she repeated thought fully. 'Do you mind telling me exactly what you mean by that?' j As though by accident, the delicate white hand, from which she had just withdrawn her glove, touched his, and remained there as though inviting his clasp. She looked quickly up at him and dropped her eyes. Wol fenden took her hand and patted it kindly, and replaced it in her lap. 'Look here, Blanche,' he said, 'I won't affect to misunderstand you; but haven't you j learnt by this time that adventures are not in my way? — less now than at any time per haps.' . She was watching his face, and read his expression with lightning-like truth. 'Bah!' she said. 'There is no man who would be so brutal as you unless ? ' 'Unless what!' . . : 'Unless he were in love with another girl!' 'Perhaps I am, Blanche.' 'I know that you are!' He looked at her quickly. „ (To be continued.! ? f 