ST. PATRICK'S CHURCH, FREMAXTLE. LAYING THE FOUNDATION , STONE. MINISTERIAL SPEECHES. On March 17 Bishop Gib iiey proceeded to Frcmantle for the purpose of blessiug and laying the foundation stone of the new^ Ro man Catholic Church which is b-?in«- l-ui!t at the Fort, and which has been dedicated to St. Patrick. Pre viously to the ccrtuiony mass was ctJebiated by the Rev.' Father O'Reilly in the old church, a very liirge congregation attending. The sermon for the occasion was preach ed by the Rev. Father Kyan, Supe rior of the order of Oblatcs, who iiave charge of the Frei4»antie pa rish. Father Hyan took for his text the words, '1 have cho.^-n you. and 1 have appointed you xhai you go aud bring forth fruit, and that that fruit should remain.' In eloquent language the preacher dwelt upon tlie life of St. Patrick, and denoted the striking application which the words of ourdiviuc Lord had to the patron saiut of Ireland. According to the best authorities St. Patrick was bora in France iu the yc-iir :i72. He was blest with pious .and Chris tiiui jisnvnts. and from tire first he gave himself up to the worship and lr»ve of (.Jod. and the services of the church. -At 1 6 year* of age he was brought with many others to Ireland us a slave and fold. For six years he remained in bondage iu the coun ty of Antrim, and he thus became acquainted with the nation of which lie \ras afterwards to be the- apostle. At the end of tix years in slavery he wer.t to the west coast of Ireland, and there he found a ship which took him back to his uative land. He was full of the desire to return l-i Ireland and to sow the seeds of Christianity in that country, and in order to accomplish his mission he | went through a course of prcpara I tioii which occupied 36 years. On t one occasion during this period his guardian angel, St. Victov, spoke to him, and said, 'It is the voice of the Irish, and thev are saving ?Conn.*! come! O holy youth, 'and Uiich us the truths 'of God.'' 'After this,' said St. Patrick, in the history of his own life. 'I could wait no longer.' At the end- of the '.\\-y years of preparation he was conse crated Bishop of Ireland by Pojie Cc- lestiuc. aud in the vo.ir 4'2 he took up his great missionary work, at which he labored until his death in 4!Ki. Full of eloquence and zeal, he earned on his labors for the con version of the people of Ireland, and on every Siiind he met with success. Of him it could be truly said tliat the fruit he had brought remained. He claimed that the Christianity of Franco. Austria, and Delirium owed its origin to ihe great St. Pafrick, and America's position as one of the greatest nations of the earth oould be traced back io the same cause. Since the ninth century the faith of the Irish people as given to them by St. Patrick had been tried sorely, but it had resisted every at tack, and now, through the energy of the Irish, in every portion of the globe could he 'found monaster ies, convents, and churches, thus giving undeniable evidence that the faith of St. Patrick still existed, and tJtat the fruit which St. Patrick had brought remained. In Fre mantle, as in other places, the peo ple were showing signs of their faith, and one of the greatest evi dences which they had put forth was the commencement of that nuw temple, the foundation stone of whicii was to be laid that day. In conclusion Father Ryan earnestlv appealed to the people for their support in the erection of the new church. After the Mass a large crowd as- Kcmbkd on the silo of t»ir» n..n. church, and shortly before 12 oVloL-k Bishop Gilmey, attired iu his mitre and robes,, and attended by the Vicar--ieneral (Father Hourkc) smd fl uuihIht of ncolvtes, ascended the impromptu platform, which had licen creeled alongside the foundation stone of the new churcli. On the. platform wore the acting Premier (Mr. K. H. Wittc i3ooiu. M.L.C.). the Commissioner. for Kiinds (Mr. G. Throssell, M.E.A.), the Attorney-General (Mr. ;R. Pcnncfathtr. M.L.A.), and a number of others. The ftone was I smim into position, after which the : Bishop blessed it, and declared it i well and truly laid 'In the name of the Fsither. the Son. and the Holy Ghost, and in the honor of St. Pat rick.' Ho said that he was pleased to see such a. large gathering pre sent, for it showed thai the occa sion, was of interest not onlv to Human Catholics but also to per sons of other denominations. He sincerely hoped that the structure would be an honor to the saint to whom it was dedicated, and a credit to the cclonv and to those who erected it. He asked ihe people to assist the Oblate Fathers in the great work that they had under taken, and he reminded them that God loved the cheerful giver. After the ceremony a large num ber of school children, assisted by ihe members of the church choir. p:-.ng 'Hail, Gl«'rious St. Patrick' and ''Faith of our Fathers,' and at the conclusion of the singing an adjournment was made to the Con vent Sehool-rooui, where a sumptu ous luncheon, prepared by the ladies connected with the church, was spread. About :\7-0 ladies and gentlemen sat down, the Bishop presiding over the central table on the platform, which contained, be sides Dr. Gibney, the acting Pre-' niier, the Commissioner for Lands, j the Attorney-General, Messrs. A. B. j Kidson and M'Larty, M.L.C.'s, ] Messrs. F. Connor and T. F. I y-uinlan, M.L.AJs, the Kev. Fathers Ryan, O'Ryan, and O'Reilly. Dr. .1. W. Hope, 'Mr. R. Fairbairn, R.JL, Messrs. M. F. Cavanagh, W. S. Pearse and W. Marniion, and sever al ladies. When sufficient time had been given for the discussion of the good things on the tables, the Bishop submitted the first toast, 'The -^u-?eii and the Pope : and the Pope and the Oueen.' He was, he said, a loyal sulTject of both. He loved the ljueen as much as any man in the colony loved her, and bte lovi-d the Pope silhO, because he- Considered that the latter was in a position to advise the people of the vwrld. We in Australia were, in the matter of freedom of Government, butter off than any other people on the globe, hut we should remember that no human institution could last fcr ever. The toast having been honored, Mr. F. Connor, M.L.A., rope to submit a toast which he was sure would he well received, f-»r it was ihe toa.st of the liealih of one of the followers of that great man whose name they were honor ing on that day. He re ferred to the Right Rev. Matthew Gibney. (Applause.) The people of the colony owed much to Bishop Gibney, but their heaviest debt to him was for his act in inducing the Oblate Fathers to come and estab lish a mission at Fremantle. The Oblates had done a very great deal of good in the town by forming and maintaining nursing and teaching orders, and it was worthy cf note that their efforts, were not restricted to the members of the denomina tion to which they belonged, but were directed for the achievement of the general gooa of the com munity. The toast was drunk with en thusiasm. The Bishop, in replying, thanked Mr. Connor for his land words, and the company for the warm manner in which his name had been received. He had always worked so as to be able to assist every section of the community, for lie believed that a man should meet his fellow men at all times on equal terms. Religion meant tliat a man should I«tve his neighbor as himself, and God above all things, and he could not possibly live up to this mesiii iug if he allowed bigotry to step in. Anything behind that was deceit. Here, Iu Western Australia, where he had jived twice as long as lie would live in any other part of the world, lif had many friends, and at one time he knew 'e.ulv everyone in the colony, and ncar'y everyone knew him. Hi- had ri iok-ii many miles through the cmu'ry on horseback, often without foo-J, and he was very glad indeed to obtain shelter and refreshment at the houses of persons who did not belong to the same denomination as he did. It was always giveu to him ungrudgingly, and if he did not re turn such treatment he would not consider himself a Christian. He had, he was pleased to think, left f. -ror-ri imnrps-»}n tkr*Ktnsl liim iJ phices, and it was hardly his beautj' or his eloquence whicli induced people to «iy 'This Bishop is not half a bad fellow.' (Laughter.) There could be no ill-will in anyone who was a Roman Catholic aud a Christian. If a man cherished feel ings of bigotry or ill-will towards his neighbor lit was neither a Rom:iu Catholic nor a Christian. God said ?'If you forgive those vcho offend you, I'll foi-givc you,'' and ir this were acted up to he (the Bishop) felt sure that there would be greater happiness than there was at pre sent in the country. (Applause.) l-r. yuinlan proposed J lie .Minis try.' and. in a short- Fpeccli, he eulogised the members of lhe F«ir re.Kt Government, aud expressed tire wish that the- day would be far dis tant when a change in the power 'a Inch ruled the destinies of Western Australia would be made. The toast was drunk in bumpers. The Acting Premier, iu respond ing, stated that it gave him great [pleasure to be present at the eele biation of the laying of the founda tion- stone of the new church, the erection of which the Oblate t Fathers had entered upon. Mr. Quinlan, in* his references to the Ministry, had used fc-ihc very complisiH-ntary terms, and it was a pleasure to him (the acting Premier) i to see that Mr. Quinlan, a member ' of Parliament, had recognised what ] the Government had been trying to j do. and that he had been able to say a good word for its members. The country was at present passing through a troublous time, but he would not dwcirupon the point, for the occasion on which they had met together was one of charity, and not one for political speeches. However, he would say that the Go vernment might not. be immaculate, and it was quite possible that it miirht at times have committed mis takes. The members of the Ministry, however, did n-tt think that they were committing mistakes, and he could assure all present that the Government was doing its very best for the good of the country gener ally. Referring to the object of their assembling there that day, he -said that he had to congratulate that parliculai- denomination over which Bislwp Gibney presided for the energy which it had shown bv com mencing' the erection of what was io be a 2iag2l£c?iat church. Hs wes pleased to be present' on such an oc casion, for he recognised that ii Western Australia was ever to at tain that position which was ex- 1 pected for her ii would be through ' ihe dissemination of knowledge, and the churcu. was one of the best j mediums of obtaining the desired end. Whatever religion taught there j could be no harm in practising, and i it was certain that people were ! much happier with religion than without it. The majority of the Go- '. vernmeet were not members of the I denomination under whose aus- | pices the proceedings were conduct- j ed there that day. but he could say : for himself that neither he nor his colleamies held ihe slightest objec- ! tion to the denomination, and ho | could say further that lie sincerely '?. believed that no good man could ! belong to a bad religion. Mr. Wiite- ' noom concluded !-y wishing t5te Ho- J man Catholics of Fremantle overv j success in the erection of th**: new i church. I The Commissioner for Lands ' remarked that he liad come to the layinsof the foundation stone of S'tiPaiTick's Church thtre that day for two reasons — first, because he wished tt- show as far as he could that there was no ill-feeling exist ing between the various denomina tions : and, secondly, because of his very great respect- for his old J friend, Bishop Gibney. He had 1 knon-n the Bishop since 1864, and during the Ivrm of their acquam tainceship he had observed the ; Bishop's actions. Jn fact he hadj kept his eye on the Bishop, aud 1mH: believed that Dr. Gibney Iftid kept his eye on him. (Laughter.) And he (Mr. Throssell) could say that his lordship had done during those 34 years that he had lived in West ern Australia a. very great deal in the cause of Christianitv. He had met- ihe Bishop in his (Mr. Thros sell's) own district building a church and begging for the expense of its erection, and he believed that his lordship had been going along in the same way ever since. (Laughter.) The Bishop had been working hard throughout the coun try, and everywhere lie liad, by the numerous churches and schools ! which he had dotted throughout tho j country, subscribed himself 'Mat-1 thew Gibney, his mark.'' (Re- ! iiewed laughter.) He had always found the Bishop a warm and true friend. j The Attorney-General also re-i sironded to the toast, and in a brief speech he referred to the stability of the Roman Cut hoi ic faith, and he also thanked the gathering for the reception given to the toast of 'The Ministry.'' The fcuo.st of 'Parliament' was projxssed by Mr. W. Marniion, and responded to l-v Mr. J. J. Holmes, M.L.A. Mr. A. B. Kidson, M.L.C., pro posed the '- Ibiatc Fathers, and Success to the New Church,' and iu the courso of his remarks he passed several high encomiums on ihe energy, devotion, and solici tude of the Fathers^ who were all their lives striving for the good ?£ the community in 'general. The toast having been duly hon-j orexl. ! Father Ryan, in acknowledging I the toast, referred to the new j church which had beiu started. The -work., he said, had so far cost i £400, and put of that amount £l.r»C bad been paid for cement alone. ] A't the c»llt c*.ions takt-n up in the . church at the Mass and outside j during the ceremony attending tbe hiving of the foundation stone £1,400 had been realised. He ear nestly entreated those who had a ' desire to see the church finished in a manner creditable to the town to come forward with their dona tions as speedily as possible. Fathers O'liyan (Glcndnlough Orphanage). Hcnncssev, and O'RuiHy si!s-- responded tu -he toast, after whii-h tin* gathering broke up. 