CURING CLAXTON. Ned Claxton was the holly of tbe works. A fair band at his trade and regular as the clock, he had been ' promoted lo the prsition of fore mau jn the moulding-shop, vested with a little real aud muo|i imaginary authority. Ned had never been a favourite with any of the hands for a sourer or mbrti tetchy mortal never drew wage at Cranelea, Works. Hi6 elevation made him intolerable. Itwas v liino days' wonder at the works that so gentles rise in tbe industrial scale could have givea any sane creature so in flated an idea or^iS/o.wn importance as that which Claxton pos&ised; after being raided to the position of jbremkn. He was one of those who believe that authority is meant to be exer cised, so was yeiyj^&digal; in his use of such as lay in his hahdsg^'. ? v The 'preulice-bo|i jabhorred him, whiUb the older men wonld jhxve disdained to kiok him. He was snappish and overbearing, without a thoughVsayfi'ihatof getting the work out of hand ais qufckly and cheaply as he could. And in this, It 'lidkfMit chronicled as matter of fact, . that he was^less successful than old Dave Maitlaud, li^Vpreceded him, or young Bob Crewd&on; wbbfoHowed bim. Both were quiet and mctbodical^ but Ihe mouldiug*shop prospered under caS of tUemr Claxton WKBnfr jSwaysa bully. Before he gave the job up hh^Dh«nged, and it was Bob Crewilson who changed him. Bob's treatment nearly gave Claxiattf£us -final promotion— or degradation. - Butfrhkt's the story. Bob was a stropping young fellow of tweuty two, smart and steady, with a head full of technical school, asd-an irrepressible desire to get on. He bad served his time at tbe Crane lea Works, apd badJMd *-be of the^oprietors under a, debt bf 'gratitude to bim, so was re garded as being ' peculiarly 41 well in ' with the management.'- How Bob bad done himself a good turn was by miring the lite of Norman Westleigh, son of Charles Normnn Westleigb, one of tbe proprietors -and managing director of the works. Nprmkh, a frolicsome lad of nineteen, was in tile fitting-shop learning the business. Bob andbeTiad become attached to each other. One h^t^uly afternoon Norman had slipped out -to; '^ave .a dip iu tbe works' reservoir. ? He yras wlpbor swimmer, and after swimming into ffeep|siiter became exhausted. His cries for help brdSght tbe bauds out of the moulding-shop cs frut&e;, Seeing ^ bead in the reservoir, Bob Crewdson dashed into the water aud after a hard 'straggle deposited Norman Westleigb on th hanl^ more dead than alive. For which action Charles Norman Westleigb aja his son were ever after grateful.' The attachment between Bob and Norman grew stronger.* .L ' Generous and true-hearted, Bob Crewdson detested Claxton ; ,4;He'ia disgrace to the works,' he would say. If I were principal I'd clear him in twenty minutes ' Claxton learned of tbe mutiuous thoughts And feelings which possessed Bob Crewdson,and would gladly have kicked him out of . the'-place. But Claxtou's authority fell sbbri of any summary execution or disrating of'.Crewdson. And each of them knew it. The latest addirion. to the Urge staff of the Crauelea Works- was a. wisp of a boy named Peter. He was a wee, blue-oye-l laddie, with hair as soft and light as flax, aud, according to tbe best information to Iiand, was nubodyfr child. He was 13, had come out of an orphan age, and was living with an old woman Mhose principal means of - livelihood was an old fashioned and .creaky mangle. Peter bad come into the works toAnake.his Hiring* like a man. Claxtou buUied T^iioy until he cried from sheer bewildereiieut. Dnb cold and stormy di«y ClaxtoD sent Fet^ouVfbr bis own dinner. On ?paObtMp- Qygp an jpQQ Jjpj which lay on jtfie moulding-shop, and In an instknt ClaxtOri's dinnpr mingled with the black sand afid ^the fragmc^its or tne'plalo which bad contained it. . A loud laugh broke involuntarily from the men as they observed the disaster, and three of them rau to the, aid of little Peter. . Claxton grew black as thunder. Storming at the lad for being a clumsy young fool he administered to him a heavy cuff v\bi- 1 stretched him a eeooud time on the sand. 44 *Bre,' he growled. 44 Go right back to my house and bring epme more dinner, and let me see you throw that away .and Til sack you. Go ou, you little fool !' It was raining hard. Peter who had on but a ihiu 4- slop ' jacket, hobbled away, rubbing his leg. Three quarters of an hour later he hobbled hack again with the fresh dinner, wet to tbe skin. At night the lad went home chilled to tbe marrow, took to bis bed, »'nd remained iu it for nearly a month, tenderly Cared for by the old mangle woman. 44 The scamp wants shooting for treating the kid in that way,' said Bob Crewdson, learning that littlo Peter was at home struggling with a fever 'brought on by exposure to the rain. 'I'll pay him off for that somehow, or my name isn't Crewdson.' he added savagely. At half-past five o'clock, that night Bob Crewdson and NormanWestleigh were observe d in subdued courersauon id tue engiuc-house. Crewdson was explaining something to Normau, the youth occasionally interrupting him with a query or objection upon some point, and Crewd Aon panning to argue or make the matter plain. By six o'clock a scheme, mutually approved of, had been devised. 44 T. wouldn't like to get tbe scoundrel the 4suck,' though he deserves it,' said Bob Crewd son, as they were on the point of parting for the night. 44 We'il be quits with him* though, see if Wrenot.' Like most bullies, Ned Claxton was at heart au arrant. coward. It was the knowledge of this that led Bob ?Crewdson to determine almost lo 'frighten the life out of him/' for his harsh treatment of tbe bands in general, and of little Peter in par ticular. It was six o'clock on the morning but one after CrewdBon and Norman Westlrigh had plotted together in the en&iao-boose.-; Ned Claxton had just entered the works with a con sequential air. Bob. Crewdson, hands in pockets, and the very picture of nonchalant in difference, approached him. 44,Gov»d morning, Ned,' said Boh airily. 44 Moroin',' growled Ctextoo, catting aron templuoas look on the young moulder. Bob Crcwd&o;'j started back. His hands rose before bun as a look of alarm overspread bi6 face. ' ' 44 What's to do with you ?' said Claxton gruffiy, with an oath. 44 Good heavens ! What's the matter with you, Ned ? ' exclaimed Crewdson, gazing with a startled look into Claxtou's eyes. Claxtou turned pale. 44 Wha— what's to do r'\ be asked, with terror intone and features. 44 Why — you're like a corpse, man. Go and look in the glass in the office!-. . What's the mat ter with you ? ' 44 Nowt as I know of,' camo a. shaky reply, as Claxton, now hardly able to walk steadily, passed on. .7 Approaching the moulding-shop he encoun tered Jake Grainger, a mouldcr. Jakc stopped ; stepped backward, and jstared Into Ciaxton's face, with a look of hlank'aBtoniBhment. 44 What's up P '* osked Claxton hardly able to articulate a word. 44 Are you bad, Ned was the answer, with simulated concern, % , 44 Not as I'm aware of. Why P.' 4- You look more fit for bed than Work. . Ifl were yon I'd see the doctor. . ' Man i You are white as a sheet.' Grumbling an incoherent something, Ned Claxton staggered on.' Work bad started. - Cluton bad occasion to go to the engine-house. Harry Redfem tbe driver was cleaning up, after oiliug and starting the eugine. He turned as Claxton entered, and immediately cast upon him a look of amazc:nrut. 44 What's tbe matter with yon, Ned P' he asked, gazing intently at Claxton. 44 Nothing. Why ?' eatne the unswer. as Claxton struggled hard to keep a brave front under this third attack. 44 You do look had. You're as pale as death.' 44 Am I ?' retorted Claxton, breaking down again. , 44 You are that. If I were ycu I would go home and go to bed. There's sum mat ou you. Nowt like taking a thing of that sort in time.' Ulaxton thought so. Muttering an locoherem reply, with a cursory glance rouud the place he p?6sed out again. Ho was inexpressibly miser- i able. Sometliiug must be the matter with bim he thought. Something was the matter with bim. He could feel it. After an aimless walk around the works, he arrived at the filtiug-sbop. He bad uo imme diate business there, yet he entered and looked around Tbe bauds were at work. Norman Westleigb had started and saw bim as he came iu. As Claxton neared, Nor man stopped his work and went towards him. 44 Ne— d I ' exclaimed No: man in alarm, 44 What in tbe name of goodness has come over you P Yon are a6 pale as death, are you ill ? ' 44 Only middling like this morning/' was the answ**. 44 You do icok bad. I'd see the doctor at once if 1 were you. Doesn't he look bad ? ' 'i he query was addressed indefinitely to the men near. 44 He docs that,' was tbe reply of voices in nnison. 44 See the doctor,4' said Norman Westleigh, with a penetrating gaze iuto Cl&xton;'s face. 44 l—l mean to,' whs Mit r. tdy, as Claxton turned from the fittibg- shop, He could stand kio -core of it. A moment later he re-entered the fitting -shop ami stag gered up to Norman Westleigb. 41 I'm goiug home,' he said, in shaky tones. Tell them I'm ill, will you, Norman P ' 44 I'll tell them,' said Norman, lowering his head to hide the twinkle which was playing in his eye. Before Claxton reached tbe door of tbe works he was stopped by a fireman. 4,Wbatever'sthe matter with you, Ned P You look as pale as a ghost,' was the salutatiou. M Bad ! ' was the answer. ' Going home, bad.' Claxton passed out, went home and to bed, and ordered bis wife to bring tbe doctor im mediately. His pale, anxious face was a cuffi cient answer to her look of inquiry. His wife hurried away. In an hour the doctor stood by Ciaxton's bedside. That there was something wrong with the man tho doctor felt convinced when he had finished bis examination. Claxtou truthfully reported that he felt too ill to talk or eat or do aiiy thing. As to tbe precise nature if tbe ailment the doctor was as ignorant as a child. Su he prescribed a simple medicine, gave a number of wise, hygienic-instructions and took Ins dcpaiture. On tbe following Friday Normau Westleigb 'iiterod the roouldiug - shop at three o'clock in the afternoon in a state ' of high excitement. Walkiug up to Bob Crewd son, be motioned to him to come outside. Bob accompanied him to a. quiet corner of tbe works. 41 Bob,' said Norman, with unfeigned con a rn, 44 what in Heaven's name are we to do P Claxtou's dying. It's a fact. They've just sent down to the office to w. W c' * e'lrighlebed bim to death.' 41 Bosh !' exclaimed Crewdson scornfully. 44 It's true as gospeL He's worried himself to pieces. He's dying. Th^y don't know what to make of it, puly that he's ill and about done for. If be dies and itgets out, wu're in for man slaughter. Do you understand P' 44 Get me his address, and tell them I've gone up to sec him. I'll mefce that all right,' said Crewdson confidently. Au hour later Bob Crewdson stood by the bed-side of Ned Claxton. For once Bob was alarmed. Claxton appeared to be dying. 4 'Ned !'he exclaimed, .grasping the sick man's hand, 44 have done with this fooliug. You're no more ill than 1 am. Telliug you you were ill was all a 1 put-up job.' We did it to pay you off for being so snarly and brutal with little Peter. You wanted flogging, you mean scamp. Now turn out and come to work, aud behave yourself like a man. You're as well as I am.' Bob Crewdson told the whole story to Mrs Claxtou aud Mrs. Claxton told it to the doctor. The doctor looked grove, and then rated Clax tou soundly for being a fool. Whereupon Clax tou commenced instantly to get better for very spite and perversity. On the fallowing Monday morning Ned Claxton turned up at tbe works at the custom ary hour. He was chauged both iu looks and manner. The knowledge that he would there after be Ihe laughing-stock :-x the Cranelea Works was an intolerable burden to bim. Every vestige of tyranny bad bc^n eradicated from him, and be might have worked on bravely un til he b*d made by-gonea by-gunes, and livtd down the old and bad record, and the laugh, bad spent itself. But tbe sight if little Peter, -more fe.tr and frail than ever, coming feebly into the works a fortnight later was too much fofhiin. ? 44 I'm going. I can't stand no more of it,' be said as he rushed into the office, made a brief communication to tbe timekeeper, and then sluuk away to tbe rear of ihe works. They saw him no more. Bob Crewdson was put in charge of the moulding-shop, and little Peter. was taken into the office. To-day Bob is the trusty manager of Craue lea Works, a clever, practical * scientist, good hearted, and respected by 1,500 men. Peter is assistant cashier, and may some day be ? but that's another story. 