fJACOBI'S WIFE. (A BENSiTIOVAt, ITORT1 OF- URAL LIFB.) . - oitAFrBB xxxix (continued!) 'You was always kind to mo, Joan,' Joel .wont on, 'and - 1 don't like to see trioks playod on you. It was Patty as- kept vou awako.' 8ho put oomo stuff into your ton from a littlo bottlo — -I seen h>r from tho window— ana torn sno noddaa . to herself, and said, ' That'll make her sloop now." Here's tho bottle tbnt she prurod it out- of... I got it whilo sho wont .up stairs with your too. Sho was joking belike. She's plsyed mo many a trick aforo now, ' and I thought I'd be .even with hor for onob.' i Thank you, Joel,' said Joan, taking tho hottte from tho man's band quiotly. ' Don't say anything nbout ft » : '. Not T. You won't got hor into trouble for it noithor, will you ?' Certainly not. I am muoh obligod to you.' "Joan walked down tho path and joined the dootor at tho other end of the garden. "Well,' ho said, in the tone, half- joking, half-friondly,' in wbioh ho sometimes accosted hor, ' you look dt if you bad' soon a ghost. What have you got there ?' < Could you tell mo what has been inside that bottle, Dootor Ambrose ?' she said. The dootor took it from hor hand and looked at it suspiciously. ' I might be able to tell you to- morrow,' he said/ 'Shall I toko it homo with me. and see ?' ' Yes please. But you must prom ise not to say anything about it to anybody.' ' The- dootor promisod, wrapped tho bottlo in paper, and departed with it suit of his examination with some anxiety, But when the morrow aamo, Doctor Ambrose's usual visit . was omit'.tad. On tho following day, bowover, his assistant ajppeared in his place, with the news that the old dootor had been taken suddenly ill, and had boon, for the last twenty-four hours, uttarly inoapable of movement or of speeob. CHAPTER XL. 1 A gentleman wants to know if he can Bee you, ma'am ?' said the maid-servant, whose office it was to waif upon the lodgera at Number Five, John-street, Old Ford. ' To see me ?' repeated the lady addressed. ' D'd ho give his name ' ' No, ma'am. He asked if Mrs. Wilson lodged here, and that was all.' The lady known as Mrs. Wilson flushed slightly and rose from hor ohdir. 'Ask the gentleman's name, Maria,' sho said, quiotly, ' and his business. or — wait a momom ; inarm a oan go and soo what he wants.' Old Martha, who had been sewing at the other end of the room, rosa to obey the summons, A quick look pasBed between her and Mrs. Wilson before she quitted the room with the servant girl. As soon as tho door was closed Mrs. Wilson turned quickly to the other occupant of the room. ' CaTry, darling,' she Baid, ' you look tired/ Go and lie down iu tho ot her' room for balf-an-hour. I will tell you when to oomo back.' The girl obeyed languidly and without remark. Thus left hlono, Mrs. Wilson waited in an attitude of vraiuo uLiuuuuii lot inuvuiu s re turn. ' It's a gentleman from Amovioa, ma'am. He says his name is Doctor Burnaby Lynn, or something of that eoTt.' There was a moment's silence. , So soon! was the half-breathod exclamation that Martha heard. And. then : 'I suppose I must see him. Keep her out of tho way, Martha, as long as he iB here.' Martha nodded, and retired to summon tho visitor to hor mistress's presence. That mistress sat down and folded her bonds beforo her with a weary sigh. The life of dis guise, confinement,' and coaselose oaro that sho was loading had begun to tell upon the nervos even of strong- willed Maddalona . Vallor — othorwiso Mrs. Wilson. Dr. Burnett Lvnn entered and greeted her with as much oomposure as if . she had novor forbidden him her presence, or sought to hide her self from him undor an assumod name at all. Madam Vallor Btood up to reoeivo him, but did not hold out her hand or speak until Martha had rotiro'd. Then sho said, calmly : ' Do you think it a light thing, Dr. ijurDOii xjyuUf iu loibo j uur oUDlU&j; upon a woman who has oxpressly desired you not to seek hor out ?' ' No,' said Burnett Lynn, doggedly. ' I call it a very wivmg thing to do ; only justifiable when a woman has chosen to break tho promise sho made a man.' ' I broke it for your good,' she said, ber voice quivering a little. ' And I seek youout for yoqr gOP(ii' he answored. ' Look, Maddolcr ' are not in ordinary circunui i you end I. You havo, as you uc- kao.wledgo, very few friends. Let mo be orui of them — openly and without disguise. I traced you, and now pre sent myself to you on purpose to show that I will not be easily baffled. Believe 'me, I sball annoy you less and suffer less myself by being in formed of 'your whereabouts than by having to epond half my lifo in'sook ing you out.' : ' ; ' You uso a strange arguniont,' she aid. ' A very true one, at any rato. Why should you always bide your self from mo ?' Ah, , why I But this sho could not toll him yet. For somo minutes tho two wore silent. Thny were liko combatants, each waiting for the otbor 'to renew tho fray which bad boon for a moment only interrupted. Madam Vallor was tbo first to speak. ' If I promise,' sho said, ' not to loovo this plnc'o without telling you when nnd where T go,, will you be satisfied ?' He hesitated. ' Not quite,' he said at length, 'Am I never to soo you f 1 You might soe me,' she went on slowly,'1 if you would oomo only at. certain timos nnd go away when I wish it. But lam not always free to soo you,' ' I will agree to any conditions,' he answered, rather sadly, ' so long nB you koop faith with me, Mndda- lena.' Tho fall in his voice touohed her. Sho looked at him, then held out ' Forgive mo,' sho said, 'for trifling with you— for deoeiving you. I will not do so ' ngain. Bo my frieud, if you will, I have few enough.' . Ho grasped her hand and thanked hor, but looked as if he could hardly holiove that she meant what sho said. May I stay here now a littlo time ?' he askod. The self- assertion which ho had shown when bIio repelled him was succeeded by a oortain humility of manner now that sho bad oompiled with his request. Ho felt ashamed of his own persistency. I will give you n quarter of ao hour,' she said, gently. "At present I have no moro time to spare. Will you sit down ?' She took a chair herself nnd began working at somo delioato embroidory. Burnett Lynn seated himself opposite to her, and was silent. She saw his embarrnsmant and: sot liorsolf to relieve it by talking on diflurea t subjoct auu uavu opu -i. uiu moi tow vuuio in Amorioa, I think you said, did you- not?' She would not let tho conver sation ho anything but trival. ' Yes,' bo said, rather glad of the opening. . In 8out'i America for the last two years. I was alwayB some thing of a nntur-'ist, and I went there to oolleot. Before that time I practised in the S utes and Ieoturod at somo of the colleges. I novor stopped long anywhere.' ' Yon are fond of wandoring.' ' I liked it fairly well. I had an other, object besides the love of wandering or .tho desire of hunting up now speoios. I could not settle down in one place. ' That was a pity.' ' Yos,' ho said, ourtly ; it was a pity. And than there was a ail- enoe: In the pause that followed some thing unforseon "by : Madam Vallor took place. The door of communi cation betwoon the sitting-room and bedroom opened, and. Olarioe'a. pale faco and slitght figure presented them selves. T nrnnf mir nrrtvlr ' atiA'anwl tVlt.1l out appearing to notice the presence ot a stranger. Madame Vallor rose . preoipitntely. At the same moment old Martha's withered face appeared over Clarice's shouldor, with a look ot oonstomation very visible upon it. (To.be Continued.) ; 