The Castlemsine Stock Exchange, to be opened on Monday, has, so far as membership is con cerned, been successfully launched, and its career wfll no doubt be watched with interest. It is not, of course, the first mining market formed here, as old residents still reoollech the busy corner many years ago in Barker-street, when our alluvial and quartz areas were much richer in gold production than at the present time. As at that pristine period, so at this present juncture, the Stock Exchange has been established primarily as a result of our mines yielding good returns, and to enable investors to hare a market as near at hand as possible for displaying their speculative spirit in share buy ing and selling. Up till now, Bendigo has been the nearest market for local and district specu lators, who should find it equally as advan tageous to be associated with the Oastlemaine Exchange as the one at Bendigo. Speculators in that city, as in other parts of tbe colony, have joined tbe local Exchange, and this is a good omen, showing as it does that outside capitalists have confidence in the mineral resources of the Great Centre, many of the investors, too, hold ing large interest in the ventures at Spring Gully, Blacksmith's Gully, Chewton, and Sandy Creek. The investment of Bendigo capital, in conjunction with what has been disbursed by the more enterprising of our business people, has largely assisted in the development of tbe reefs here — some of which bad been abandoned for years — and we hail with pleasure the pre sence of Bendigonians as members of the local Exchange, and trust that all identified there with will have no occasion to regret having done so. Not for many years has there been so many people banded together in connection with the mining district as now, and where there is unity there must he strength. We believe that the ushering in of the Stock Exchange marks a more important era in the staple industry of this district than so far appears on the surface, for it will (or should) signify that nothing will be wanting on the part of bona fide investors to vigorously develop and open up known or par tially worked lines of reef — the location of which will be more precisely defined by reference to the map that is in course of preparation by offi cers of tbe Mines Department, showing the trend also of the reefs in the district. A con tinuity of good yields from our mines will give the necessary sustaining power to the share market, and at the same time help to keep in the forefront an industry that has done so much for Australia. When the term usury is mentioned, most people suck their teeth. There is a salacious possi bility in chewing up the pawnbroker. We are taught to love our relatives, but somehow or other our "uncle," our best friend, is often left out of the category. The law of usance is, like many other things, curious, if we take the trouble to dive down to the tap-rooU of it. We sometimes laughingly wonder by what de vice our Jewish friends overcome that Act of Edward VI., which announced that " The charging of interest was a vice most odious and detestable, and contrary to the Word of God." No doubt they did so, for the boy of the Jewish build is more capable of appreciating values than the Scotsman of forty-five, and that we fancy is Baying rauckle. But when we speak of usury, of the unfortunate lot of the hundred and fifty, and three hundred per centers, let us take into account the published wail of a pawnbroker who can scarcely aecuro fifty per cent, on his invest ment. Poor fifty per center, let him tell his following mournful tale : — " As this bill will pro. bably he read a second time on Tuesday, the following facts relating to the profits of pawn brokers may be interesting and perhaps instruc tive to the public ; — I ata a pawnbroker carrying on business in one of the most populous suburbs of Melbourne. The amount which I have on loan on pledges is L912, and the total interest which I received for the year ending this month is L377 13s 9(1, out of which I have to pay rent, wages, lighting, income tax, and other inci dental expenses, in addition to losses and having had to deliver up goods illegally pawned. , This is a statement of fact, and to confirm satne I am willing to allow my books to he inspected bv the Attorney-General or any officer whom he may name for that purpose." What a terrible picture is this ! Only L377 interest on a capital of L912. Why, it is only a trifle over forty per cent ! And then it has to bo remembered that " uncle " has to bear the additional odium of be ing reviled as usurious and a money grasper. The position is amusing, as illustrating how people view things differently from the stand points of their own experience. Ata time when the banks assert in their reports that their pro fits are limited because they cannot obtain three per cent, for their money, we find our pawn broker groaning that be can barely support existence on forty per cent. Of course, the ex planation is obvious. The pawnbroker does not live on the fair interest of money, otherwise he should not chargo more than five per cent., but j he obtains his profit out of the necessities of the j individual. And it must be allowed that he has j to wait a long time, often months, and years, j ero he obtains any profit at all. Yet we fancy ! good old forty per cent, would covor even that, j for the simple reason that the pledges pawn brokers accept are never advanced upon, beyond one-third of thoir value, except in occasional circumstances to favoured customers. A margin of two- thirds, with forty per cent, interest, should surely satisfy " uncle. The position is simply amazing. Capital on all sides is seeking investment, glad to obtain interest, varying from two and a half to three per cent, upon it. But the pawnbroker coolly assumos the position " I have only so much money, and tbe invest ment of that must support myself and my family." The obvious answer is, " You ought as a lender to have more money and make your profit on the larger amount you apply to your business." The idea that a man, who can con trol less than a thousand pounds, seeks no make four hundred a year oat of it, condemns the system. The letter of the pawnbroker we have quoted practically condemns the trade. Yet we fancy there is a soft spot in our hearts even for "uncle." He is a useful adjunct of our civilisation sometimes, and even at forty, fifty, or eighty per cent, there are many people who will gladly embrace him. And let the whole matter be reduced to a sentence. Practically, there is no need for a law regulating usury in this country, the establishment of the Mons de Piete has settled that, for they charge only a rationally proportionate interest on the value of ihe goods pledged. And no matter what Act parliament may pass, usance can no more bs suppressed than "sweating." The great blot on the career of the Turner Government has been the imprudent and most ignorantly- ad vised provisions of the Factories Act, which has deprived many hundreds of outworkers of the pittance by which by hard work they lived. If ghosts were possible, arising from the people this Act has murdered, Mr Peacock would never be able to gather an undisturbed hour of sleep. The Government plume themselves as to this bill - " VYe speak as unto wise men, judge ye what ye say." And this most be said that their usury one is equally unnecessary. 