DISASTROUS BUSH FIRES. IN THE SOUTH. On Friday night our Hobart correspondent wired information of the terrible fires that were raging at the Fern Tree, Longley, and other places in the South, and from "The Meroury" of yesterday we take the following regarding a disaster unprecedented in the Colony: — On account of the loss of life and vast destruction of property by bush fires which took place on that day, Friday, may well be remembered in Tasmania as the "Black Friday" of the Colony. Terrible devastation was wrought on that day from the Fern tree right away to Lower Longley by the bush fires. Upper and Lower Longley have been reduced to ashes, several people fatally burnt and injured, and over 20 homes destroyed. Only those who drove down there on Saturday and yesterday can have any conception of the ruin effected. The damage that has been done at the Fern Tree is bad enough, three houses being burnt down, and much of the beautiful bush scenery destroyed : but all that is insignificant compared with the horrors experienced on Friday at Upper and Lower Longley and Sandfly, where the whole country for miles around now lies black and desolate in dust and ashes, the stony chimneys of what weore until that fatal day comfortable little homes of settlers and farmers, churches, schools, and post offices being all that are left. They stand up like gaunt ghosts amid the dense blackness. Here and there, strewn about, lie the roasted carcases of horses, pigs, poultry, and other animals, whilst much sadder still to relate, the visitation has caused the death of three or five people, some of whom were burnt alive. Everywhere about, even up to yesterday, immense trees were continually falling with thunderous crashes, tongues of flames forking out from many others, accompanied by whizzing smoke and crackling noises, whilst the wind scattered the black, blinding clouds in all directions. The whole neighborhood still presents a heart-rending scene of desolation. Not only have many little homes, with their outhouses, and the public buildings gone, but the orchards and the fruit plantations, after many years of industrious labor and effort, have shared the same fate. Several families are thus rendered homeless, with nothing saved but a few loose, light garments, which they stood up in on that hot, fiery day. Towards midday on Friday a tremendous bush fire was seen from Longley to be raging in the gullies about the upper parts of the mountain to the northward. It was spreading right and left, but about 4 o'clock in the afternoon the hot wind, which was blowing from the north-west, veered a point or two more southerly, and at the same time increased in violence till it blew a moderate gale. Immediately afterwards the fire was with marvellous rapidity, carried down in one immense, wide blaze of flame upon Lower and Upper Longley, then on to Sandfly and towards Kingston, the roar of the awful storm of wind and flame being itself most horrifying. In one overwhelming holocaust it destroyed everything that it approached, root and branch, throughout the localities named, and all within an hour. Many poor people barely escaped with their lives, and some were unfortunately roasted alive in the attempt. But for the convenient proximity of of the bridge over the North-West Bay River, to which so many persons pushed with all the speed they could command, most of those about Upper Longley would undoubtedly have perished in the flames. In their haste, terror, and distress some carried their children, others helped along the aged, not being given time to look back or rescue any of their belongings from their burning homes, or the hotel where they were guests. Under that bridge, with little pools of water at their feet, they stood for some hours, whilst the terrible destruction was going on round about them, women and children in the deepest anguish, and the men cowed and just as helpless. Presently one man managed to gallop away to the Fern Tree, where he found the police and others in authority. Mr H. E. Packer, the Secretary of Public Works, promptly got vehicles up from Hobart, which fetched the unfortunate people from the bridge, and conveyed those who had no friends, to go to (and there were over 20 of them) into the city. Many of them still remain in Hohart in dire distress, having lost their all, and something will undoubtedly havo to be publicly done to relieve them without delay. Before 6 o'clock in the morning the whole of the Longley and Sandfly districts looked like one vast cinder patch, with here and there a spot of dirty drab— the remains of the orchards with the fruit partly roasted on the trees. Every fruit tree was, of course, ruined. The Roman Catholic and Anglican churches, State schools, post offices, hotel, and homes of settlors were entirely swept away. When the danger was over, because the fire had consumed everything in its sweep excepting some big trees (and they were, all more or less alight), several of the men emerged from under the bridge, and proceeding down the road found their gloomiest forebodings were fulfilled. Mrs Jones, the wife of Webster's groom, they found burnt to death about 300yds from her cottage. Her boy was rescued by one of those hurrying to the bridge, before the fire : but he was then so burnt that he died in about an hour afterwards, and his body lay at their feet under the bridge. Mrs Jones and her son had been to a plantation belonging to her at Sandfly, and were coming home. The boy, being able to run a little faster than the mother, got within 100yds of the cottage, when he was seen to drop. As the party under the bridge all along feared, Mrs Jones was horribly burnt to death in the bush. When her body was found her one hand was pressed tightly to her eyes, whilst the other was partly burnt away. Then on Saturday another body was found. It was that of an old man named Bates, who was employed by Mr T. H. Matthews, fruit-pioking. He rushed from the house about the same time as his employer and Mrs Matthews and child. Mr and Mrs Matthews got safely to the bridge, but Bates, with his dog made for the bank of the rivulet. His dog was found alive, and Mr Matthews on Saturday discovered the unfortunate man lying face downwards just on the bank of the stream, having apparrently died from fire and suffocation. At the house of Mr Matthews, sen, the cattle rushed in from the fire and kicked and otherwise injured Miss Matthews, breaking some of her ribs. She had to he carried away, and has since died at the hospital from these injuries and the effects of the fire. The same fire seemed to have also burnt two men Kettering way, but no particulars were obtainable on Saturday on the Huon road. There were two separate bush fires. The one at the Fern Tree did not come from the Springs, as has been stated by several, but from the Slab road. Thanks to the energy and promptitudes of beaters it never became one united flame. Tremendous tongues of firo were continually being earned hither and thither by the wind, the dogwood, musk, and myrtle igniting very freely, but such patches of fire were as quickly as possible beaten down. To this may, with certainty, be attributed the saving of the Fern Tree Hotel and stables, Mrs Smith's boarding- house, the pretty little church of St Raphael's, the Bower and shelter sheds, and several beauty spots left intact. The other and far more disastrous fire began up the mountains, about the Sleeping Beauty, and the wind veering round a little drove it down past Oates' and the North-West Bay River valley to Longley. Everything being so dry, and the day intensely hot, the bush burnt with such a fierceness an nobody remembers witnessing before. The great torrent of flame, which extended for miles and miles, is reckoned to have towered up 300ft or 400ft, and it travelled with amazing swiftness before such a strong wind. Owing to tho danger from falling trees and outbreaks of fire, it was impossible to proceed to Lower Longley in safety, whilst the telegraph poles being all burnt down over a distance of eight miles of blackness, it was impossible to obtain particulars of how the unfortunate families there, who were burnt out, obtained shelter, but a list of the casualties there appears below. A terrible bush fire swept through Oyster Cove, and has done an immense amount of damage. At Great Oyster Cove, Messrs W. H. Smith's, J. Bradley's, and T. S. Harding's houses have been burnt, and they have lost everything except what they stood up in. Outbuildings, fences, crops, stock, bridges, &c;, have been swept awny, but as far as is known at present, no lives have been lost. None of the places destroyed were insured. Many other settlers have lost heavily, several homesteads being saved with the greatest difficulty. In addition to these, as far as at present can be ascertained, the following is a list of the fatal cases and places burnt down.;-— At Fern Tree : Hon Henry Dobson's chalet and gardener's cottage and stabling burnt to the ground ; also the hut of an old man named Smith, on the hillside. At Upper Longley: Mrs Jones and her son and a fruit picker named George Bates burnt to death; Miss MatthowH burnt and injured by the cattle, and died in hospital on Saturday ; Roman Catholic and Anglican churches, post office, and police office, with all papers, books, and contents, Longley Hotel, stables, and three horses burnt, nothing saved ; residence of Father Holehan reduced to ashes, nothing saved; cottages and outbuildings of Mr Jones (groom), and following orchardists and farmers razed to the ground and everything burnt T. Pithan, Tabor, Coombes, sen, Coombes, jun, Jameson, Wilson, Matthews, sen, Matthews, jun, Smith, Gellibrand (two cottages), Anderson, and Stelmaker ; bridge burnt down but since repaired ; all the orcharding destroyed, together with fencing. The hotel and the post office were insured, and Jones' house partially insured. At Sandfly: School and post office, together with all contents, homes, outbuildings, and plantations of Messrs Allan, Robert Roberts, Jas Daly, and T. Glass, all Mr R. Daley's fruit and fences totally destroyed. Messrs R. Cook, C. Stuhbins, P. McCann and Avery have sustained heavy losses by the fire. Miss Lovell, of the Sandfly school, Miss Ferguson, her assistant, and Miss Ryan escaped by crouching in the schoolhouse yard with wet blankets around them. At Lower Longley. The school and the properties of Messrs Edward Williams, W. Filberg, Julius Anderson, and W. Huxley and Lewis Huxley completely burnt. At Kettering, a lad named Armstrong was burned to death, and a settler named Meredith is missing. At Carnarvon the fire destroyed the penitentiary, hospital, Trenville's private hotel, and the Police Court. Numerous private houses have also been totally destroyed, and cattle and poultry. Mr Trenham, sen, has been burnt to death. Theo cause of the fire was heavy scrub set alight and fanned by strong north and north-west winds. The whole district is enveloped in flames and smoke. The amount of damage done is not yet known, but it must be very heavy. At Gordon, also, considerable damage was done, but no loss of life is reported. Our Hobart correspondent wired last night: — The bush fires are still raging in many parts of Carnarvon. Besides other buildings, the State school and the residences of Messrs Harris and McGuinness have been demolished, and the crops are totally destroyed. The remains of Mr H. J. Trenham were discovered among the debris of the kitchen at Trenville's hotel. Relief funds have been opened by the Government and the Mayor. 