Facts and Rumours. AT Coolabah a flock of emus came into the town in search of water. Queensland has a duty of 6d per lb on tea and Victoria 3d. Brushgrove factory paid suppliers 2¾ per gal- lon for milk last month. The late potato crop throughout the district will be very light, and in many cases not worth digging, owing to the want of rain. Samuel Willis and Patrick Dowling were committed for trial at Brewarrina on a charge of plural voting at the last general election. Householders will be pleased to hear that the Maclean bakers have decided to reduce the price of bread. See advertisements in this issue. The Maclean and King's Creek Templar Lodges presented to the Assembly, through Mr. McFarlane, petitions against the opening of hotels and shops on Sunday. We have received from Mr. J. McFarlane a copy of the new Customs Duties Act passed in the Assembly last week, which, among other provisions, fixes the sugar duty at £3 per ton. The after auction purchases of David Bailey of five lots in the village of Tucabia containing 17, 10, and 5 acres and 2 of two roods each, for a total of £88, have been approved. Mr. W. Tapper, a very old resident of Grafton, recently died at the residence of his grandson, Mr. T. Slavien, of Parramatta, at the advanced age of 85. In one of the new Australian reading- books to be issued for the use of public schools next year, there will be several stories from the pen of Mr. T. T. Ewing, M.P. In Sydney, last week, a William Wilson, a police constable, was arrested while on duty on a writ of attachment for costs in a divorce suit. Mr. Charles A. Cavanough and Miss Alice Ensby, youngest daughter of Mr. Charles Ensby, of Broadwater, were married on Wednesday last, the ceremony being performed by the Rev. T. H. Jaggers. Mr. Alex. W. M'Dougall. who at ono timo ownod somo stations in tho Claronco district, diod at Quiriudi ; aged 68. Docoasod was a son of tho lute Mr. Audrow M'Dougall, of Kolso, Singleton. Messrs. Murray Bros.' saw-mill at Lnwronco will bo completed and in full work in about two weeks. Wo understand that this firm's N.Z. contract alono will keop this mill going for up wards of two years. Walter Russoll, well-known on this rivor, was committed for trial lust week by tho Casino Bonch for obtaining money and goods by value loss cheques, drawn on tho Commercial Bank, JUUUlbUll. Alfred Drake, a prominent publican in North Sydney, on Friday, pleaded guilty to selling adultorntod Wolfo's Schnapps, and was fined £10 with £3 costs. Tho adultoration consisted of 34 per cont of addod wator. Messrs. McClolland and Co., photographors, havo decided to remain in Maclean until Christmas, to give tho public a hotter opportunity of availing thomsolves of their work. Soo their advortisomont in another column. Acting-,Tu-?go O'Connor (R.E.) has Fronch blood in his voins. His grandmother wan tho daughter of Marshal Soult, ono of the Great Napoleon's gonorals. Of two boys rocontly arrested by the Moree police, ono was a relativo of a late Prime itLlUl^ld Ul UU /3.UCTLL tlllUll UU1UUJ, HUU LJLLU other tho son of a high bank official in one of the big cities. At Conningtou, near Porth, W.A., recently, a ' ghost' that had beon causing considerable alarm was captured. Tho man who had been parading as a 'ghost' was soundly thrashed with a paling aud thon sot at liborty. Mr. W. Staco, huabuml of tho famous show ground equestnonno, died at Mooneo Plains on 5th Novombor, from inflammatiou of tho brain. Ho received a sovero fall at last Walcha show from a horse, aud to tho accident ia attributed the fatal result. Mr. E. Stavcrt has been elected Presidont of tho Ballina Caledonian Society, Mr. J. Martin Secretary, and Mr. C. Ashwood Treasurer. It has beon decidod to hold tho Ennual Highland Gathering on Annivorsary day next. Thus Captain Jackson on a batch of Ballina litigants who recontly loft for Sydney by tho Tomki : ' Only that the good might dio with tho wicked, I'd feel justified in sinking tho whole blank blank lot of 'oin outride. ' A Tenternold resident named Mr. E. Koots, n coachdnvor, joined two Chinamen in the pur chase of three tickots, and on looking up the result slips of one of Tattorsall's special Mel bourne Cup consultations, found that they had drawn tho Grafter, thus uottinp; £1125 each. A female witness nt tho District Court at Grafton, whon about to bo sworn, said, ' Pleaso don't murder me ; I will tell the truth.' Tho Court intimated to the witness that they had no inclination to murder. Mr. G. Piccolo, of Now Italy, has offered to prepare an exhibit of raw silk to represent this colony at tho great Paris Exhibition. Mr. Piccolo has also opened up communication with English aud other manufacturing firms with a view to doing business. The Rev. Dr. Bruce, commissioner of the Presbyterian Church of Now South Wales, in his address at Lismore, said he thought after travelling the Northern rivers that the time had arrived whon another presbytery should be es tablished, with ita pftr\fcrrx nt. T.iflmrvro A hido 951b weight was sold at Brisbane last Thursday at 12Ad por lb. The not amount realised for the hide was £4 12s 8rl. This is tho highest prioe realised for a hide in Brisbane siuco tho year 1S75, when 12id was secured for a similar stout hide. ?' Ina'1 the Sydnoy correspondent of thoR. R. Times, says :—^' I am not the only Richmond River girl who has found her way on to the metropolitan press. Besides joining tho Night ingale brigade, a young Lismoro lady contrib utes storios, protty and full of promiso, to both metropolitan and provincial journals. A ».nw- nnl.n 1,1 — J1 ? !_ _O ? J ? * ? 4 ? 1 £ ? .1 icuinmuuiu jreaK ot nuiuro is reponuu irom tho South Arm, Richmond River. A moar sont to Mr. Crisp's stallion Master Avonal rocoivod a kick from another horse, and foaled a fully dovoloporl foal tho samo night. Somo days after nho dropped another foal, Mr. L. L. Ramsay, tho well-known Sydnoy breeder, is the lucky possessor of a hen which has shown herself to bo capable of groat things. During a week or so she established something liko a record by lay in p; two eggs a day on three soparato occasions, Tais performance raisod visions in Mr. Ramsay's niiud of bnugiug out a two-oggs-a-day breed. A f armor at Singloton, just boforo tho last fall of rain, wns goiug to out his wheat crop for hay, as it wns suffering through luck of nioisturo, when ho decided to wiro Mr, Wraggo, to inquiro regarding tho prospects of rain. Ho recoivod a prompt reply, to tho effect that thoro would pro bably bo rain within four days, and advised sparing tho crop. Tho rain camo, and now tho farmer anticipates nu oxcollont crop of grain. Aichor's (who was hano-od lasi wooki con fession hIiows his crime to havo boon of a cold blooded and cowardly oharactor. Aftor miking up his mind to murder Matthews, in order to get possession of his bolougings, ho waited until ho fellasleop, thon soizod ti tomahawk and dealt hiin a terrible blow 011 tho head, Deceased thon got upon his kii6en, wheroupon tho mur derer delivered a second blow, and then cut his throat with a knifo. Ho afterwards throw tho body into a crook, A farmer near Wollongong tho othor day noticed a black snako, about five foot long, ontoring his houso through a hole near tho door. Ho soizod the snako by tno tail and throw it behind and away from himsolf. On turning to look whore it wout ho was horrified to see it curl round the nock of a young girl who was standing by, but he was soon rolioved on sooiug it drop on the ground and escapo, Tho girl did not know what had hit her until the snuko foil to he ground, 