THE STORY OF A STAMPEDE. A FAMOUS INCIDENT OF COWBOY LIFE. In 1376 the Wilson Brothers, of Kansas City, purchased over 15,000 head of cattle •ana arranged to centralize the herd near Comanche Springs, in McLennan County. On the fourth of July the entire herd vraa under way, headed for To- wash, on the Brazos River. It was a magnificent army of steers, in superb condition, kept together by a corps of twenty-five cowboys mounted on broncos. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon, writes J. B. Cranfiil in ihe "Independent," a black cloud showed above the foothills, and the sun shining against it painted a rainbow, -which appeared to touch the earth at both ends. The entire herd became nervous, and showed their fear by those low _ bellowings . ominous to the experienced cattleman . as the muttering thunder. When the sun set the cattle were bedded on jhe plains near the South Bosque. A detail of four cowboys was made for the first watch, and these mounted sentinels took their places and rode silently around the sleeping sauadrcn of long-horns. The first watch ended at 9 o'clock, aud the second watch went on duty. At 10 o'clock the cattle appeared to be sleeping profoundly. Tlie cowboys siy that cattle dream and see ghosts; it 13 certain tfiat this drove of 15,000 was nervous, made so, perhaps, by the thunderstorm of the previous afternoon and the rainbow which they eyed with suspicion. The stars were all shining, and there was no cause at all for the arousing of the herd. They appeared to get up all at once, with a single purpose, and the roar that was heard seemed to come from a single throat. The Wilson Brothers and their cowboys, who were sleeping in their camp, rushed to their ponies, who were grazing with tne saddles and bridles on. and as fast as the bits could be replaced in their mouths they mounted and galloped to the flanks of the now disappearing mass. hoping to start them moving in a circle'. As the nerd rushed on, their horns rattled" together, and all the horns of fifteen th >usand head of cattle rattling together sounded like an immense concert of castanets. The chief of the Wilson Brothers was nding a cream-coloured stallion, and he had his Colt's revolver in his hand. One of the cowboys on a gray horse was able to keep up with hiin. These two distanced all the others. They rode across the front of the stampede, which is a feat attended with terrific dange.-; for when a rider is in front of the rushing drove of mad cattle, if his horse should stumble and fall, he may be put down as a thing of the past, 'ice herd will "wipe him out." There was a bunch of about fifty cattle fully twenty yards in advance, and towards this leading group the two rescuers rode. Of the leading group, also, some were_ faster than others, and this group ran in a diamond shape, with two immense steers leading all. When 3-1 v. Wilson and his companion reached "the two leadin? steers they besan shooting their revolvers close to tfiem, and in that way the bunch was made to oblique, and as the leading bunch of cattle obliqued, the main stampede obliqued, and the first step ia v "milling" had been taken. By this time the cattle were ge.:ing tired. Nearly five miles had been covered, and the breath of the leaders wascomingshort and painfully; hut they were 'rushing on, because the front cattle at this time as a matter of fact their only safety was in keeping up the run. Mr. Wi Ison had a Mexican along, one of the best cowboys in the south-west. This Mexican had been to the little brandy runlet too often, and his usuai excellent judgment went awry. When he succeeded in getting mounted, the stampede h;id gone past him, so that when iie overtook the rear end he passed to the front on t_e other side ana rode on the wrong flank When he reached the head of tbe herd he was just in time to defeat : , the manoeuvre then under execution of j bending the moving mass from a straight line to a semicircle. Revolver in hand, disregarding the ntlwr Ln „ bc"an rfiootm" Jn f ? e * ! ° } ?! ^ J &C;< ? ?, f the Tvlid . : -V an °, the eflect of this was to i straighten the run and bring the advance , j „c ., , . — ot tbe i , column was pouring over, j? "orribie cascade of beei, jiiungmg madly ! into destruction while fleeing from an imaginary danger. When Mr. Wilson and his lieutenants saw that it was impossible to save their cattle, they saveu themselves by dexterously fctmiin? at right angles at full speed and riding out of the way. They nest returned to the flank, and held a council <>f war. A few seconds decided them, and ail , hands commenced shooting into the herd, the object now being to build a breastworfc cf carcasses and Rave the rear end f t]l destruction that had overtaken £he front. The gully was nearly fdJhy | tfajs time They were snorting and befj ]0Arjnfr crashing and tearing, and still heaping up; and when the firing began ^ w o u ni e d ones tumbled over on the j ^ ^ and in a short time the gully, like j the Bnnfcen road at Waterloo, was bridged b carcasses. The herd surged up in bilan(j bent now because it could not ]owg I - - rr ! ~ ' - . an(j reer0SSed; and in a short time they jia(1 the cattle halted, forming an incomplete letter O, and there they stood, blowing, bellowin" 6lnvenng. All hands remained on watch all night, and in the morning, when a count was made, it was ascertained that 2,700 head were missing. There were afterwards 2,700 pairs of horns taken from that gully. It was called "Stampede Gully* for many years afterwards. 