Og ml III (lie siage. Thk Wilson llarrett 'season at the Princess is to last till the end ot March. It is whispered in theatrical circles that the ghost has only limped at a certain theatre in a sister capital. Thk invalid members of the Frank Thornton Company are all well again, and are once more tempting providence .by going fishing, boating,; picnicing, at 150° in the sun." Mr. Frank Thornton leaves Sydney for Launces ton on Thursday, February 3 The remainder of his season at the Criterion will be filled by Sweet Lavender (three nights), Private Secretary (three) and Miss Brown (four). Poor William Kinchella, the scenic artist, is at death's door in Sydney. Four doctors say that his disease, cancer in the throat, is incurable, and that though he may linger on he cannot do any more work. A benefit is being arranged. Miss Noney Seabrooke, the young English act ress, who seceded from the Thornton Company several months ago, is receiving £3 a week for a small part in the Lyceum pantomime. Her salary was £7 a week with Mr. Thornton. . So keen is the competition in West Australia that even a small town like Fremantle (W.A.), has its pantomime—The Golden West—which Mr. .Harry Fitzmaurice has produced. The principalpeople are Miss Edith Moore, Lazern, the prestidigitateur, and •« Billy" Speed. Mr. Tischbauer, well-known in Melbourne for the' excellent scenery be painted during Mr. Alfred Dampier's long term at the Alexandra, is leaving Sale, where he settled, as the director of-the local art school, and returning to Melbourne, prior to his setting out for New York. ' Miss Agnes Knights and her husband, Mr. E. W. "Thomas, are touring with E. S. Willard's company in America. Some idea of the work to be done may be gathered from the number of cities the company are to play at—21 during the first four monthb of ;tbe year. A benefit will be given to-night (Friday) to Mr. •Henry Burton by the proprietors of Harmston's Circus, who wish to emphasize their friendship to one of the most famous veterans of the pastr Several novelties are to be introduced, and among the circus celebrities to appear are Mr. G. B. W. Lewis and Mr. F. H. Pollock. Mr. George Darroll is talking hard in London about his intentions. His latest resolve is to pro duce an Australian play by an Australian company in London, where he is negotiating for a theatre. But who is to pay the company's passages to Eng land ? Or have the Australians already drifted there on their own account ? Mr. Atbas and Miss Lizzie Collins have to be pretty brisk to keep up with their engagements. They conclude with Mr. JRickards in the middle of February, catching the San Francisco boat so as to appear at the Orpheum the third week in March. After hurrying through America they are due at four halls in London at Whitsuntide. Tub baby 'possum that Madame Sarah Bern hardt discovered at the foot of a tree—where it had dropped from its mother's pouch —when she visited the Black Spur, has grown into a highly interesting pet, and the great French actress spends some time m training it. The opossum already fetches and carries things at its mistress' order, but stonily stares at anyone else who venturejk (on similar com mands. V ''' The Fitzgerald Brothers—" Bendigo boys "—re-' ■ late that they were in Charleville, Queensland, in 1888, when a circus went broke. They decided to start out on their own, and did so with only £32, .•six horses, a pony (their old friend " Commodore "J, "' and a van waggon. Commodore}'- by . th^n^ay, the Fitzgeralds believe, was; anct alwaysha^-hden, the bedrock of their success. fEfreir present 'cire|te\re presents an outlay of -£3O,OO0i - "tr//; Mrs. Langtry was the heroine of a remarkable in cident at Newmarket recently. She -^md-posffi^efd for aome years a badge giving adm'i^ihn^bo^t'he coveted Jockey Club enclosure at Newmarket: One of the stewards noticed that she no longer wore the badge and was in the public enclosure. He made enquiry and found that an officious Jockey Club functionary had deprived her of her badge for some very slight" infraction of the rules. The steward deemed the punishment altogether too severe for the offence and sent back the badge to Mrs. Langtry, bub she returned it, saying that she would not ac cept it unless itjwas returned to her with apologies by the hand of the official who had taken it away. This humiliation the official declined to submit to, so the Lily still remains outside the select enclosure. John* Norton is very rough on Sydney theatrical people. In his latest issue the editor of Truth writes:—" Some theatrical importations are, as far as their moral life is concerned, a disgrace to the pro fession. The scene in an Australian oyster shop on a recent Sunday morning, wherein snndry male and female 'artists' filled leading roZes was a black guardly fracas fully up te push standard, and would have looked and sounded low, even at a down the harbor resort of the ' Rocks' and ' Point pushes^and their donahs/' Now, dear John! If you continue to harp incessantly on that one string " Morality' clever people—and, you know, theatricals are sup posed to be clever people—will begin to suspect that there is a ghastly skeleton in your own closet. Sir Henry Irving has one peculiarity that only those brought into intimate contact with him recog nise. This is in regard to the number of pairs of spectacles and glasses of various sorts that he al ways has on hand both at the Lyceum Theatre and at his home. At the Lyceum he has quite two dozen pairs of one kind and another, and no em ploye about the place ever dreams of removing them; for when Sir Henry is busy with some pro duction he is perpetually losing his spectacles, and, as be is far more dependent on these than most people know, he flies to the nearest point wherejhe is sure he may find a pair^JEIe if^constantly buying new pairs of glasses, apd^Jienlloys- giDOd-naturedly rallied about this he,^tea4w^guy^^o-having quite sixty pairs either at che/theatre orat^bcimfi. • J v" »* VC-A' . A dreadful affair happened Monday-'qiglib in Sydney, shortly after bleyen.^o'clocks' fifr. jGeorge Rowlands, of the Thorn ton-. Qoippan£,jY4s ""standing outside Her Majesty's TheatreV'wlj^psA^ug of lar- l rikms set upon him, kicked him about,'and dislo cated bis jaw, blackened one eye, and stole some loose silver he had in his pocket. Mr. Rowlands pluckily held on to one man until a policeman turned up. On Tuesday morning the assailant got three months, the magistrate saying it was a most disgraceful case. The proprietors of Harmston's Circus not content to rely on the reputation two wonderful changes of programme have created, have arranged a third surprise which in some instances outvies the other two. Mrs. Harmston-Love is the star of the week, dnd her equestrian skill is remarkable. Her Arab horse, Ali, is a picture, as he stands in his trappings in the ring, but when he goes through the pretty devices at the will of his clever rider, admiration is merged into loudly expressed applause. Another first appearance is that of M. Loudi, who introduces some neat balancing feats. Fra Diavolo, the brigand, lives again in a pantomime sketch, and Mr. Frank Schadel causes a thrill of astonishment when he careers round the ring with " La Petite Annie " on bis head. Among, the best items are the Mexican ladders, the Roman statuary, the riding baboon, and the tumbling pyramids. Signor Gomez concludes the entertainment with his leopards and panthers, understood to be the only performing species of the cat tribe in the world. Matinees are given every Wednesday and Saturday. Mr. J. C. Leete, the popular general manager of Mr. Harry Rickards' compauies is one of the most interesting men in the theatrical profession. He commenced his exp»3rience of life at 15. when he went to Egypt to familiarize himself with a few of the tongues that ate spoken by the visitors from all parts of the world. He speedily ' found out what a large order he bad given himself, but made the best of it, until something better offered. This was an appointment on the surveying ship Shearwater, off the coast of Madagascar. He witnessed the naval demonstration at Zanzibar in 1873, when the Sultan signed the slave tieaty. Subsequently Mr. Leete was appointed chief inspector of the Egyptian rail ways, and about this period he went through some stirring experiences. 'The massacre at Alexandria, seventeen years ago, led to the British Consul order ing ali Europeans out of Egypt. But Mr. Le'ete refused point blank, and it was not until persuasion had been brought to bear on liim that he obeyed the Consul. Even then he was the last Government official to be in Egypt. Nothing loth, he at Lord Charles Beresford's invitation, became one of the nine who acted as interpreters at the time of the bombardment of Alexandria. For over ten years Mr. Leete has been Mr, Rickards' manager. The real, only, and bond-fide last act of the Bijou pantomime has takeu place in the courts, where Mr. and Mrs. Martyn Hagau (Miss Lucy Fraser) have thrown a little light on the intricacies of burlesque management. The gentleman named Green, who figured as defendant, proved that he could not be held responsible for the maintenance of Robinson Crusoe, and everything seemed to point to the in evitable .conclusion that because Robinson Crusoe lived on practically nothing, and was under no ex , pense, on his uninhabited island, therefore he could not know the value of money, and viiouid burdened with any. It was a beaiitifniif U theory, but, like Friday, it wouldn't wash ^ a hero of romance has pink silk tights, and fur parasol to keep up. it costs vaom-.' and Mrs. Hagan, who is one of the devest her line of business, and her popular soon decided that a bird in 'the u ,:T< worth two in the bush—that is, a a;,p£ if obtainable, was better than a mythical ^ week. However, Mr. Green declared he^6 financed Miss Ada Juneen, and thus the fir!•^ei only performance of the last act, specially v ,r^ and brought up-to-date, did not result in anr1cti to the treasury. • re j Dick Whittington, the beloved hero of babiee dazzles and delights a small army of youc'-ie every night at the Royal, while at the matiryu, Wednesday and Saturday at two o'clock, tlie lyc tington worshippers are more numerous still ou surely there never was a merrier Dick than 11 Maggie Moore, who sings, dances and make- itl like the spirit of burlesque that she is. Tho d'ol< love her, and eagerly accept her version ' a story in place of the meagre and old- fa4: account that they heard in their eradle= solely in the interest of the guardian adui|je course, that the fun flashes on topics of tho da\ril, provides three good hours of quickly inovin" ;tt tacle. Mr. Harry Roberts is practically a u comic people as Sarah the Cook, a personam consigns her pots and pans to oblivion afpr ES first act, and variously develops into a eric!:' girl, a nautical enigma and a society beautv. = * wonderful costumes to suit every possible c— gency. Miss Laura Roberts, Mr. Edwin ivollv,1^' Fred Wentworth, Mr. Max Maxwell, Misj ? Osgood Moore, Miss Daisy Coppin and Miss 1 Spencer are all concerned in the Bprightliness.;:^5 piece, and Mr. Gus Gregory makes an acrobati mg cat that ensures a bad time for many a doir ' tabby." The ballets, marches, transformation concluding harlequinade are all in the best p. < mime style, and are carried through witF01 "utmost celerity. - The extravaganza enters on it; IXI week to-morrow. ?ai —)il !Uf The return of Miss Lilian Tree to the 'jnj House has made Mr. Harry Rickards' Tivoh - j pany doubly popular, for an English prima do^jn Miss Tree's reputation is not the easiest attra^r, in the world for a manager to secure. Her ; ' tions, " Roberto tu che adoro," and " By the 1 of Allan Water" are given in that melodious ^ finished style which won name and fame tot long ago. All the change there is in tho fui;?r< voice is that it has mellowed and become : restful. The Heglemanns, though their tim3* comparatively short, compress into it somuebno^M that the spectators have no time for any feeiin^y hopeless bewilderment at the reckless daring trio, who seem to fly through the air in their i^8 Mr. Michael Nolan, the famous onginut r^? 'Annie Rooney," has a dozen better songs it:^ repertory, all of them clever and amusing. m Waldrons' specialty, Our Sammy, shows their, for burlesque and double connections. Miss .1. Hazel introduces a smart serio-comic skoteh, r,*n of work in which Misa Lizzie Kirk also es, ( Messrs. Cogill and Whitburn collaborate in wba: ® programme pronounces a " button-shifter." A,a English comedian and character vocalist, Mr.iT Dillon more than justifies the good opinion := about him. The brilliant " Federia" first part,* its whirl of pretty dancers and lively equally divided between smiles and ment. It is more than ordinarily good this because it includes a singer of some promise ^ Charles Howard, whose song, " Dear Mother 1[.|( land," is sung with such fervour that it create^ answering throb in the heart of every listener. ^ applause is correspondingly emphatic. Mati^ are given every Wednesday at half-past -. n —:— m The Manxman has been such a success at tlielj^ cess that first arrangements had to be altered ti the increasing crowds that have attended the duction. The next play, Virginius, will not be ;r» duced to-morrow, but on Wednesday next, Jaa-U 26, the intervening space being given up tOj_ Manxman, which has caused more genuine doB( than any other drama of its kind for years itt The magnificent ideal which Mr. WiFon B:uw has raised of Pete dwarfs all preconceiv ed nTg of the character. One may be steeped in Ilall <■ a. literature, and yet miss the realism of the bookg. less some rare genius arises to give significance^ expression to tbe author's creation. I'riiujr among such is Mr. Barrett, whose parse nation otg great-hearted, slow-witted Manxman is auiongg best bits of acting that has ever been seen iQ -L part of the world. The beautiful Miss <M-.. makes Kate Cregeeu a vivid and life-like study, Mr. Wigney Percy val acts up to his chief wit in domitable resolution. An actor must succeed^ -T so full of earnestness and determination &3 ^ Percy val is. But why does he say " may' ^or Is it Manx ? A perfect picture of Auntie - Ij supplied by Miss Lillah McCarthy, aud Muss jg Belmore uncompromisingly brushes her 'Kl y,5| her forehead in her zeal to be a realistic ± J| Her performance is as excellent as her uiake-np-« Horace Hodges (Ross* Christian) and Mr. M i i Tom the Postman) stand out among their co g : r strong and incisive character sketches. Mr. It rnbrose Manning as the psalm-singing Cregeen incidea exactly with the hypocrite of the novel, id the otbermemberasharethegeneral enthusiasm. 