l»fflLIM CHAPTER XXIX. . , THE GATES OP HEM. . . Tho house was deadly quiet, tho room dark, yet Mr. Martin Buddeuly sat bolt upright on his bed, with a instinct such as dumb animals know when danger is near. Had tho faint rustling on the stairway, as Phyllida and Nancy cropt down, roused him r\\\% Virtf \ta TKrna Awnlrn * nnA ftftfiV A D3OH16nt OI listening he got up softly and wont down stairs. Warwick was too- quiet in his sleep ; usually his lunacy came out at night, and ho paood tho floor, growling like a wolf. Mr. Martin, in' tho unuBual silence, felt uneasy. He cursed as he struck a match in the room Phyllida and .Nancy had searched half an hour before; one glanco had told him it -vraB empty.- „-,.-?... ; Ho ran to tho door he had loft latched. It was open,' and there, against it, sound asleep from her weary day, was Nancy. Not even the fear of Martin, of death, or imprisonment at Mother Brown's,' had kept tho girl's eyes open ! The instant she had sat down on the stone doorstop Bho had drowsed, to Btarfc out of her heavy sloop, with .the hand of death on her shoulders. ' Whoro havo you ' been all this timo r . Martin'svoico was omniously quiot. He kicked her up from tho steps where she crouched, 'And whore's Warwick? He's gone out; you'vo lot him pass you. Tou let him got away before, and nearly ruined everything. Whore is ho now ?' Nancy scronmed dully from pain and fright. ' The* child ! sho stammered, aazoaiy ; 'mo child I' „ _, Only half awake; she stared at him. Had ho found out about tho pearls ? , Didhe really not know whoro Warwipk was? . Hadhojroalljr_ takon Maisie ? ,? . . . ? ' ? ' I don't know,' sho said dosporatoly. 1 don't know whoro ho is,' ? ? . In tho dim light of tho street lamp ho saw she told tho truth ! ho turned her pallid face roughly up to him. ' What's brought yon baok, and whoro havo. you been?' ' I ran away boeauso I was afraid — lie got away that morning— I knew you'd bo aagry.' Sho lied instinctively. ? ? ' How long havo you been horo ? Did ho pass you ? Quick ! I tell you I'vo got to find him, or tho game's ' up. Aud what do you moan about a child r ??.--«. It was up now, if ho only know it. Oh, would thopolico novor como ? Tho dancer had said sho would;sond them. Every pulse in her tired body leaped with oxultation as sho oyod her master; ovory blow ho had struck her, overy knifo-cut that had insulted the dead body of her mother, would be avenged now ! She cursed her sloopy tonguo that had lot hor apeak of Maisio, ' Ho'll oomo back ; ho always doofl. Ho s got nowhoro else to go,' Bho sa\d sullenly, edging awoy from him to get into tho houso. If ho would only go in and go to bed, tho police would ? oomo and got him, with no troublo at nil. , . ' What aro you going in for i' Ho huvlod hor. baok. ' No you' dou'ti You wont out, and you can Rtay out. X ou Know uarnea won whoro Warwick is; you wont oft with' lum last timo, and I boliovo you'ro waiting for him now. Whoro is ho?' His groat list threat ened hor, „ , ' 1 don't know, not if you kill mo, sho 'What did you moan about a child P What child?' Ho(twistod hor arm till sho soroamod in acony. ? ' ' ' ? , , 'Nothinff— no child. .1 was droaming. Hor shriok only made him givo hor anothor wronoh. , ?, ? . , . 'Do yon moan Iio'b gone and takon his wife's child— and you know it ? Pool! Bponk, or I'll killyou.' , , , Nancy Doylo in hor torturo groanod out.an, assont. He dropped hor arm.. 'How do you know? ' . ' I saw him.' Sick with pain, aho yot had strength to lie. ' . . j1 '? ' Martin looked at hor. In a way ho was roliovod ; if .Warwiok had.stolon tho oluld, ho would bo occupied in niciing iv, a* iouhi. uu oould not go immediately down to Ravolston and givo away tho whblo job. But ho must bo caught bbforo he had timo to wnto, throatoning tho mother of the olnld with Uis oxistonoo— or farewell to a i'ortuno, an oasy life in a foreign laud for Mr. Martin. ',' X'ou saw him, and you don't know whoro ho is !' Ho struck hor contemptuously. . ' I lost him. So I camo horo. 'And you'ro waiting till /Warwiok blows tho gaff, nnd Iho vrholo gamo's up. Not muoh. Oomo on ; pack— you'ro going with mo to find himl' ', ,, .., , Ho banged tho houso door bolund him, and dragged the girl down tho stops. Sho was too dangerous, with hor knowledge .of War wick's doings, to bo loft alone, and thorp was no timo togo «ind shoyo hor into Mother Brown's.1 Ho had a shrowd idea that War wick had stolon a pound ho had missod, and that ho would tako a lodging somowhoro- in tho slums, and from thoro wnto throatoning lottors to Rosalind. 'You know whoro ho wont, ho growled , ' you'd bottor tako mo thoro.' ' I don't, Jack — before God I don't,' sho said, and he cursed her. ' Then you'll como and help me look.' He never thought of Phyllida daring to send the polico on hiB track, never imagined that Nancy had already destroyed his gold mine. But he suspected . Nancy of some devilry, ho did not .take time to think what. He hurried her out of Duncan-street into such slums as lay beyond. Up and down, court and ally, in and out of crazy tenement houses, the two slunk. Martin seemed to kuow every house in the dis trict; he asked questions of filthy hngs, villainous men, roused up from their squalid sleep, and got answers. When day broke ho was searching still, Nancy hardly able to crawl, dragging after him, for he gripped hor arm through it all. Daylight first, then bright sunlight, then the long, long day. As in a dream, the girl followed him through the awful holes of poverty and filth ; in a droam.t stopped with him to eat and drink. Once a woman, drinking gin, forced tho bottle on the girl, und Nancy gulped tho raw spirit thank fully. On, on — foi* Martin dared not rest — without a clue ; without finding anyone who ?had seen a man carrying a child. The burn ing streets had blistered her sore feet, her eyes were wild with pain aud weariness ; she naa lorgoram even ner revenge ; ic an seemea so hopeless, so far away. Her only thought was to drop in some filthy dark ally and Bleep, But Martin would not let her out of his sight. As darkness fell, they reached the worst, the filthiest hole of all, in a strange district. All this time they had been working on a circle of Warwick's known haunts back, to Duncan street, but Nancy did not know it. She was lost utterly, like a dog in the sicken ing labyrinth of streets and courts. In the blackness of a reeking hall Martin was, speaking eagerly, feverishly, to a woman'.. She had seen Warwick, but without a child ; and she told him whoro. Martin's shoulders heaved : he was on tho trail at last. Ho turned to where Nancy leaned against the steaming wall of the filthy passage. Ho could not hurry after Warwick if ho had to drag this girl, and indeed, she could not have gone another step. u, ' 'Wait here,' he ordered^ 'till I como.' And he grinned, for she could not stand any longer, and at his words dropped in a bedraccrled hoao on the floor. ' It was safe enough to leave her ; it was not a place where Warwiok or any one else would be likely to find her. And there were excellent reasons why: she could, not run away. Ho would como back in an hour, * and take her to mother Brown's, and bo done with her dangerous presence, her puling tongue. He was off and away as ho thought:. Nancy Doyle lay like a dead thing in' tho black passage, her f aco turned to tho wall ; Anrio's' clean cotton wrapper torn and dirtied to a rag that barely covered her. ' Tho oven ing passed to night, tho night to dawn, and sho never stirred. Pooplo camo and wont, but no one noticed her ; a girl asleep or drunk in the hall would oxcito no interest in that house. And Martin never camo back to rouso hor. At daylight a man passed her with a furtivo atop, but ovon his cunning oyos took no note of tho sleeping girl, who novor stirred from hor stupor of exhaustion, till tho afternoon. . ., Thon she opened hor oyes, with an awful sense that hor pouoo was not-roal. -' -She hrid, boon droaming. , Whoro was Martin ? Where was she ? ... ' It cacao slowly baok to her ; 6ho remem bered tho child, Warwick, Phyllida, who had takon her in only tho night before^ from tho housolesB street, and now would think sho had betrayod her. Oh, sho must got to Miss Blake before Martin came baok ! _ Sho tried to rise and sank baok stiff and aching in overy bone. Hor fatiguo, her long sloop in tho pestilent air had numbod hor, body aud brain. It wasJno use ; sho could not go out and got back to the dancer's houso. Dreams cropt over her again ; sho hoard a child crying faintly some whoro very far off, Sho know it was fancy. But tho fancy boat loudly at hor dulled senses. Something seomod to call hor. 'Wako! Nancy Doylo, wakol Your hour is nearly come I' ? . ? Sho roused a little, and lay trembling. ' .Thoro wore footsteps in tho hall. ? Was it Martin coming back'again ? If ho found hor horo it would bo all up with hor ! . Why, had Bho not lot him1 Btriko hor down ? Icill her— anything so. that he Imd loft hor at JJuncan-fitroot;, wnoro rnyjiian naa prouiisuu to como for hor. Instead of that, hero sho was in a 'dark passago in a houso sho know not whoro ; losi, sick, and thought a traitor. Arid thoso foot stops coming nearor ovory second ! ? With all hor strongth she' gathored horsolf and crept to tho foot of a dark stair bohind her. Up, up,' sho orawlod, dinging,' to tho rotton bannisters; . going slip know not whoro, any whoro to get out of Martin's roach ; up, up, till sho was'in tho top lauding of all. Sho dropped on tho last stop, and in hor oars was tho low, dosporato crying of a child. Nancy's heart oontractod ; tho attic hall waB lit by a skylight ; thoro was nowhoro tohido; and bohind hor, ooming iasc .up uno Biairs, woro thoso footsteps. With tho last remnant of hor strongth sho dragged horsolf upright by tho bannisters, and stood waiting. If it woro Martin sho would Boroam and soroam till somo ono, ovon in .this hidoouB holo, should como and help hor. , . ?? ' . i And round tho oornor of tho Btair, hurry ing, almost running, oamo a1 woman, and bohind hor — Warwiok. i ' Miss Blako I' Nancy shrieked, and tbon Rosalind who ono day, long, long ago, had spokon kindly to her. Rosalind ? started baok ! Nanoy, in hor raggod gown, with her wild hair streaming, soomod to havo risen out of tho oarth. But tho girl bont forward and oaught hor arm. ' Mrs. Warwiok,'. sho. gtispod, ' and ho'* got you I Oh, my I I sont you word. Didn't you got it ?' 'Who aro you?' ' Nancy. Martin's sorvant. Help mo— stay with mo — ho'll kill mo if ho gots mo,' ' Nanoy I' Warwiok snarled bohind thorn. Thon ho bowod to hor with f ant«stio ooromony. 'Any moro friouds horo?' Ho poorod sus piciously into ovory cornor.* ' No ; I'm nlono.' As sho spoko a child's wailing, vory low, vory pitiful, brolco on tho stillness. ? 'Maisio I' Rosalind oriod. What did it matter who this girl was, or how sho oamo horo sinoo that was Maisio crying somowhoro in this awful houso P ' , l 'Oponthat door; quick I' .Soinothiug in hor voico quollod the lunatic. . Ho stepped forward and obeyed her ; taking a key from his pocket ho opened a door, and Rosalind sprang into a dark, airless room with a sob of thankfulness. On the floor, too frightened, too hungry to stir, Maisie lay, a white, pitiful ghost of a child. Phyllida, Cosmo, every one forgotten, Rosa lind snatched her to her breast. Mother and child clung together on tho bare, dirty floor. Outside in tho hall, Nancy Doylo stood staring at something that made her sick. . The hnndlo of a sheath knife sticking out of War wick's pocket, Ho had brought mother and child horo to murder them. in her weariness or body, JNancy s Dram moved with unwonted sharpness. Ho was going to kill them j and then, crazy, maniacal as he was, ho thought ho would getRosalind's fortune'. Oh, for strength to throw him down tho rattletrap staircase behind him ! Yet as she longed, sho know she could not lift a finger. Warwick turned on her suddenly. ' What are you doing hero ? Wo don't want you.' - \ 'I'm hiding from Martin.' Something put into hor mouth the only words that would have served her purpose. ' We'll all hide together, then,' he re marked promptly. He spun her into the room by 'her wasted thin shoulders. There was going to bo an end that would fitly punish the woman who had incited her sister to kill him, and Nancy should see it. After that there would bo an end of her. He rubbed his hands together in the' old. way, and followed her into the room, shutting the door and locking it. ? . . Tho gates of hell had closed on the two women and tho child. (To be continued.') 