TERRIBLE BURNING AGGIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt street, a Mr Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescusd he was soalded and burot in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr Jarvis, and for many years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxiaand other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighborhood that Mr Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumorß that a special reporter from the Sydney JPorfcer was des patched to get all information _ regarding same, and one afternoon he made his' way to his house, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. Mr Mr Thos Jarvis was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and his faae declared him one of the happießt men in Sydney. He waß up and about, and able to answer the.knock . at the d00r.,. Although'pale -and bearing still a" few marks . of,a. critical ill ness and a period of pain, it was very clear, that he was an invalid uo more.- In reply to therpreliminery questioner he. said:— '* Yon want to know all abode' my-, case?- Well, I am glad of an opportunity to; tell you.. The facts may be of value to those, who are stricken as I was.” “ How long were-you Isuffering? - ’ “ Well, twelve -months age I got so bad that I had-to-leave off work, and I have, done nothing since’then: About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after, four years of gradual development of the malady, I was foraed to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." “ What were the symptom" ?” “Simply indescribable. ThB paiua were Bomethiog terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two io every part of me. I had uo control over my bowels nr bladder, and was a nuisance to myßeif and everyone ehe. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and onuld neither eat nor sleep. Ou the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and ho told me that my cobb was utterly hope less. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.” “ Did you make use of the order ?■" “ No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever sinoe. Five weeks ego I could not walk across the 'floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question nf days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor wan attending me, and did all he could, by opium aud morphia pills, to ease the agony I wob in. I was under him fnr five or six weeks. He oame to the conclusion tint I was goffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for 10 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. "(Just then the patieoc kioked his legß about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by an adver tisement describing the cure effected in the case of aoother boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr Williams' Pink Pills lor Palo People. I read iu the advertisement of a oase which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent fnr a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep .as though no»hing was the matter with me'.' It was the first appetite aud reßt I had for many a day. It was incredible. I im mediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for mo before I got Dr Williams’ Piok Pills, but I was too Weak to use them, and now I don’t want them." “Hs is 100 per cent, better, ’’ said Mrs Jarvi", who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. “ The Dr Williame’ Pink Pills for Pale People have eaved his life, and made another man of him.’’ A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked 10 yeare yonnger that day than he did a fortnight previons. “ I can now,” continued Jarvis, “ have a cold bath, aud all the feeling hae come back into my lege. I aecribe all the change and benefit to Dr William"’ Pink Pills. They have saved my life. lam in no pain now whatever, and feel like anew mao. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no looger need them. Everybody who knows me has been amszed at the change iu me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being abnnt again has caused quite a sen sation out here,” Suoh is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing onres wrought by Dr Williams’ Pink PilU for Pale People. They care locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from impoverished state of the blond, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of ap petite, shortness nf breath, pains in the baok, cervou9 headache, £c. Mr J. S. T. M’Gowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable ease of Thomas Jarvis. Mr M’Gowen says he has known Jarvis from in fanoy. He also knew that he had to give up .his work at Glebe Island abattoirs 12 months ago owing to a malady whloh- he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis Waß bed-ridden, and that there was little ohanoe of hia recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital,-as hia aase had been pronounced incurable. Mr M’Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew ' the faqts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. ' . These wonderful pills are obtainable, from leading ahemists, or from the Dr Medicine Cos., Flinders street, Melbourne, who 'wilt forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one- box for -2i 9d, or hallf a dozen for 15s 3d. See that-the genuine Dr Williams’are gotten. : 