CROSS PURPOSES. COHPLKTR SHOUT STOKY. CART driven by a drunken woman down hill, swaying from left to right, reaching forward t5 Hoi; a willing Jiorai.1, and roaring wlMi Idiotic laughter. Behind, a young lady on a blcytic. scorching and mmii puzzled how 10 cvailo tho orra:lt; orbit in tho cai!, ye.t powerless to stop the- impetus tf her airy machine. In frr.:H of the cart, descending the oppo site hill, also at scorching pace, a young gentleman, equally bamboozled, equally In conipetent to check the pace of his blcyclo. In a trice, ns she reached tho bottom of thin steep declivity, the inebriate succeeded in fulling forward on to her horse's back, and at once, still grasping the reins, rolled liko a log in the road. The horses swerved, the cart capsized, and — Tho young lady antf gentleman collided. Now, In such an environment of circum stance, Miss Eve had tho pull over Master Adam. Simply it i3 n problem in dyna mics, nnd one need not be a senior wran gler to comprehend that seven carries leas Impetus! than twelve stone. In a word, while Mademoiselle enot cosily Into the hedge, Monsieur resembled a battlefield. His bicycle was unroijcgnigatie. He him self appear^ to be a hopolcs3 wreck of quivering flesh, while the Inebriate, with the happiest of laughs, Bought refuge from a sense of evil in a sweet, if cataleptic, trance. Tho only reasonable nnlmalof tho group was the poor Ill-used horse, v/ho, after shalting himself free of the shafts, proceeded to Hnd a mouthful of luncheon by the roadside. It was nt this juncture thnt a well- ap pointed Victoria pulled up. nnd a matronly voice exclaimed, 'Why, Ella, whatever can ha-vo happened?' 'I— -I— I'm afraid I ran into thig gentle man, mint.' Aunt, perceiving that Mdlle. Ella's breath had not yet returned, and that tho rtso tad flitted, from tho cheek, also that tho gentleman looked like giving up the ghost, took the reins from the hands of John Thomas, tho conchec, and motioned to him to do tho Good Snmaritan. That oiljcinl's prognosis was short, sharp, and to tho point. 'His ribs Ib broke; so Is his arms; so la his legs. Ho cnwnt stand, nnd ho cawnt breathe, and he's all of n muck o' blood and mess.' 'Lift him Into tho carriage.' John ThomaB' visage was a curiosity in sulks an he received this command, hl3 notion being that the correct thing would bo to leave him to die ; but his mistress look ii different and less servila vldw; bu, with sundry muttered expletives, ho obeyed orders; indeed, he did more. Ho feigned sympathy, and objurgated the sufferer as 'i'oro chnp!' 'Are you badly hurt, Ella?' 'No, aunt. I'm bruised, but my cycle Is broken.' 'Never mind thnt. We can send for It. The thing now is to find a doctor. Home!' Awny oped John Thoninti, or rather tho steeds of thnt selfish llunkoy. In three minutes 'Homo' waa attained, and, inas much ns tho said Homo happened to bo a hall of grandloao proportions, populated by nn army of John nnd Jenny Thomases, tlui unconscious gentleman was admirably cured for. As for tho Inebriate, tho tetcmlnn causa of this ghastly catastrophe, nhe was reieguted appropriately to thy police. Turn on tho clock of time three months. On tho lawn of Sorloy Hair reposed, still an invalid, Bertram Gray. By hla Bldo uat Ella Master. Sho hnd been, so far ns was compatible with maidenhood, hlu nurse, nnd begnu to realise that thin chance ncqunintanco was in, truth very lovely. They Rny that tho only men with long cyo lushcs hall from Uio Forest of Dean. Ills physiognomy supported that theory, and, Withal, his features might havo been term ed perfect. They fascinated everyone, and perhaps their symmetry and swcotiiesa may . havo served as a sort of apology for n rather underbred habit of staring, into which Ella had drifted unconsciously. 'How can I thnuk you enough?' ho wob whispering. I don't know what It wan, but nn Im pulEO prompted the eM to tnko hlu hand and hold it. 'It has been very happy,' oho murmur ed, with a sigh. 'Very — too happy for thla world.' 'Then' — drawing nearer to him — ho waB very helpless — 'you do like me n little?' 'So much that ? ' 'What?' 'Don't nfck! Let us dream a Httlo longer.' 'But you were going to sny somothlng.' 'Which had bolter remain unsold for tho present.' 'No; I cannot ber.r a mystery.' 'You are cruel. I hnd hoped for Juat ono kiivj beforo U on mo to good-bye.' 'Then there in one— two. Why, you uro gottlngqulto strong! But why good-bye?' 'Bccnuso I am oncngotl. Sho la an or plusn, frlMidlonu, and, oh, so fond of mo.' 'But if you ? ' 'No. I cannot condemn her to death.' Ella pouted. Tho contempt women feel for each othen In nltogothor inexplicable 'So,' said Bho, 'you lovo mo, nnd yot — ' 'It would havo been hotter had I died.' 'No, dear, no!' with a little nob. Sho still hold hlu hand; hla eye dilated, and ho drew her towards himself. It wnu, ? immdlxcl It w«a ? A i;nft trend on tbiv Ri'nsB, no »oft thnt Ihoy heard It. not, then a glti, and a beau tiful girl, passed. Her oyo took In tho situation nt a p.lnncc, and oho turned and left unheeded. An hour later Mru. Ma»tcr strolled on to the lawn with 'Well, Mr. Gray, I supposo you raw your friend?' 'My friend? What frhmd?' 'A young lndy~ft very protty young lady. I told her to ISnd you on .tho lawn. Blui \vn« goiio barely a mlnuto.. Then she ra turnoil and wrote you thla letter' : — ? 'Dear Bertie, — Good night nnd good-byo! ' I thought you loved mis, I wnrf wrong; ho I rolenao you, and must Iry to forgot. Don't attempt to follow, for you 'will never find me — never, never, nevor! — Alive.' Mechnniially lie handed the epistle to Ella. 'What a noble girl! She must have seen us. Aunt, 1 &m; going to be Mrs. Ber tram Gray — come day.' And Mrs. Master smiled, for the disillu sion was of hep contrivance. Alice Parr had descended as It were from the clouds, and, by way of apology for intrusion, 'basteued to explain her encasement. Now, JUto a good aunt, tho older lady bethought her of her niece, of whocso sentiments Bho wan fully nisare. Hence. bIJq allowed poor Alice to aco for herself. Cruel? — yes, cruel; but, aa old Ovid hath, it, 'Qnaro non habett allu3 amor' — In 'affaires lu cosur,' aa In 'af- faires de'Eiierrc,' ail Is fair. But perhaps Alice thought otherwise ns tho ripplen of tho Thames closed over hor palo visage. But tho Jury were consider ate. They brought: it In 'Death from Mis adventure' — a felicitous phrase, and ono full of dust for the public eye.\ — 'Society.' 