WEI-HAl-Wfif. The Admiralty will convert Wei-hai-Wei into a naval depot if that new pert is reported on favora bly! This after all the trumpeting indulged in, all 4he reams of explanatory details given to prove Wei-hai-Wei is to England just as con venient and useful a stronghold as Port Arthur, only more so! The ways of the British Admiralty (have ever resembled Di vine peace, in eo much as -they pass all understand ing; but this last sample of their lordships' intent and purpose is an excellent topsy-turvy, which should recommend itself to the notice of the au thor of 'H.M.S. Pinafore.' First you build your gallant frigate. Tour barquentine, your boat. Then you fit it out and rig- it, And you try if it will float. Oh! the system's most exciting! From the keelson to the mast By pot-luck you construct 'em. And the plans you draw out last. Similarly, after torrents of diplomacy, flowing this way, .that way, first rushing against the stolid front of . the Bear, then against the papier-mache flank of the Dragon, and finally lip-lapping round the stalk of the Chrysanthemum, Britain secured Wei-hai-Wei as a coign of vantage. And now it is to be tested for the ring of true metal — and what will be done with the place should adverse reports be furnished no man knoweth! Great diversity of opinion has always existed as to the value of Wei hai-Wei, some naval experts even declaring few Chinese ports would be less desirable acquisitions. Putting memory and recent descriptions into ser vice, Wei-hai-Wei and Port Arthur compared run thus: Wei-hai-Wei, wide entrance to harbor, the besit part of the anchorage exposed to prevail ing gales; breakwater badly needed, ateo extensive dredging; no dock, and large sums required to be spent for fortifications; no hinterland; nearest sup porting point, Hongkong. It lies one-third farther from the mouth of the Peiho River and Pekin than does Port. Arthur; and, though situated to flank a hostile naval squadron entering Gulf of Pechili, this supposititious advantage is neutralised by the width of the straits, and applies equally, vice versa, to Port Arthur. And now Port Arthur: Bay almost land-locked, and entirely protected from the furious ? northerly gales;. good anchorage; fine dock; rich hinterland of Manchuria; one-third nearer to Pekin than is Wei-Biai-Wei; flanking facilities the same as before; can draw troops and supplies by land from Siberia; can be made absolutely impregnable, whereas it is doubtful if 10,000 men could- securely garrison Wei-hai-Wei. To carry on the eompari soni it will be remembered that at the termination 61 the China-Japanese war, Port Arthur and Wei hai-Wei were both in the hands of Japan, the lat ter place having been taken toy an attack in rear, when the Chinese thought quite an unfair no velty, as they were expecting the enemy to arrive in front. Suddenly Germany, Russia, and France agreed to steal some China themselves, wihereupon they promptly cried 'Hands off!' to Japan, because 'the occupation of Port Arthur was a constant menace to China.' But no such reason being put forward in the case of Wei-hai-Wei, the Japanese were allowed to keep that dubious prize. So, if, when Port Arthur was again temporarily Chinese, a Japanese Wei-hai-Wed was considered no eueh menace, with Pont Arthur now a frowning Russian fortress' and arsenal, even an English Wei-hai- Wei may not .be looked upon as likely to be a serious thorn in the side of Russian influence. The by and lar£e view of the case seems to be just this: Wei-hal-Wea was a 'sort' of a counterpoise to Port Arthur when first~w5 annexed it in May last. Nothing has been done to the place beyond gene rally clearing away the debris left hy the bombardment. On the other hand, Russia has never ceased striving to. ren der- Port Arthur impregnable. Therefore :the 'eort' of pur counterpoise is not of a. high standard. ; And tflie long idling delay eince May rather points to the idea eomeone has known all the time? what a Weirhai-Wei-te elephant we have be come, possessed of! Which would be just as well; and perhaps, after -Alii the real point d'- appui. is to be^theonce annexed yet -?abandoned Eort Hamilton. This «3teategic position of course nas its disadvan tages, but the objections apply equally to Weihai Wei, and: Port Hamilton requires an Infinitely email er- garrison to hold it. . Moreover, it occupies * unique pmltLoa urban three »ea»— -a» Jtjwar Eastern, and the Yellow— commingle, end it Is nearly equidistant (300 odd miles) from Shanghai, Wel-hai-Wel, and Chusan, and only 250 miles from that western entrance to the Inland Sea of Japan known as the Straits of Simonoeakij where, by the way, years ago, certain British ships got well pep pered by the Japanese forts.- No i?pot could real ly be more suitable for. -England's needs than Pont Hamilton — always, of counse, excepting Pekin itself; and should Wei-hai-Wei fail to find favor in the Admiralty's eye— and it is fervently hopelby most experts it will so fail— it is not impossible, the. meteor flag will be found waving once again over Port Hamilton, with Wei- hai-Wei still an Imperial appanage, after the style of, say, Cyprus. And in face of the rumored large increase to the Russian ? naval forces in farthest Eastern seas, such a pre cautionary measure bears on it's face the stamp of the erne qua non. The mooted concession to Eng land of a port and territory on the northern shores of the Gulf of Pechili is very pretty on paper; bu!t considering Newchwang is adjoining, and is entire ly dominated by Russia, and the invulnerable Port Arthur stands sentinel of -the eastern approaches beyond contiguity to Pekin, and while trade advan tage there is little to be gained, ite strategic value would be as naught when compared to Port Hamil ton. ? 'Registrar General's Department, Sydney, De cember 21, 1898. It is hereby notified that no tice having been given, in conformity with the provisions of the Acts of Council 19 Victoria Nos. 30 and 34, that the' undermentioned ofiiciating ministers have ceased to reside within the dis tricts in which their last registered residences are situated respectively, or have died as stated here under opposite their several names, they are no longer authorised to celebrate marriages in New South Wales.' The above notice appears in all seriousness in the last issued 'Gazette,' and may be taken as a fair sample of what the New South Wales Government is prepared to undertake in in terfering with the arrangements of the next world. There is a certain sense of humor in ad vertising the fact that a dead clergyman is no longer authorised to celebrate marriages in New South Wales; as if the clerical shade had some intention of coming back and asserting his deter mination of continuing to splice. As regards the next world, supposing the 'duly authorised' de parted has gone where all clergymen go as a mat ter of course, why, if the intelligent reader will turn up St. Mark 12, v. 25, or St. Luke 20, v. 35, he will find that marriage fees and 'the voice that breathed o'er Eden' are there unknown. As for the other place that the orthodox still believe in, why — we have no acquaintance with the state of the marriage law there, iet alone the glaring improbability of a clergyman ever visiting that region. There seems to be nothing left for the poor ghost to do but to get to work in some other colony than New South Wales, say Victoria. The matrimonial agencies could then lower the price and advertise marriage celebrated by the ghosts of New South Wales clergymen debarred from practising in their own colony. It is very evi dent that this Government is under the impres sion that ministers go on marrying people after they are dead, else why advertise that they are no longer authorised to celebrate marriages? The weakness ot Major Marchand's position when at Fashoda before Lord Kitchener's arrival ibBfcajnes wbfe apparent- evoiy day. . At Cairo he iwas reported to have denied the allegation t&Jl;£' he was actually rescued from impending anni hilation by the advent of the Egypto-British force, but, the facts of the case continually crop ping up, seem to prove beyond doubt the truth, of the statements made by the Sirdar and his oflicers. Now we learn that an adjutant, sergeant, and eight of the Senegalese troops .were unable, through sickness, to proceed with their leader on his peaceful journey to the East African coast. Once more British help comes in, and the invalids are being brought down the Nile in the gunboats of perfidious Albion. The Sirdar is a lucky man; few generals have the opportunity of heaping favprs on the head of a rival, and possible enemy, and the Sirdar is enjoying this privilege to the fullest extent. At the same time, there is not the slightest doubt that had the positions been reversed, and a small British party, cooped up on a peninsula, been relieved by the French, they would have been equally generously and hospitably treated. The worthy who played the policeman with such success in King -street yesterday must have had a rare laugh at the expense of the clever and would-be clever people who daily assemble there to do the Block, and as these latter read the ac count of it to-day they should feel intensely dis- j gupted with themselves. Many of them, no doubt, are people who often wonder how innocent ! folks from the back-blocks are taken in by well dressed strangers, j'et here is a big crowd in the busiest part of Sydney sold for all it is worth. A lady is robbed of her purse, and she seizes the robber. At that moment up conies the bogus j hobby; smart-looking, of course, like all bobbies, I and, forcing himself through the crowd, demands in a professional manner the cause of the trouble. It is explained to him, and he carries his man off a prisoner before the eyes of all. Not one in the crowd appears to have doubted that he was the i real article, as he ordered the pickpocket to 'come j on,' and stated, in loud tones, for the benefit o£ ! all, that he had been looking for him for a long j time. His prisoner went remarkably quietly ] with him, but, needless to say, he never took him J to the station. The last seen, of both was when they were doing a record round the Markets. 