NEWS IN' BRIEF. ' .'A Franco-Italian treaty ha's been suddenly concluded. . . America seeks to acquire, one of the Caro line- Islands. France is conciliating the Continental Powers before dealing with England. Lord Carrlngtoh says that the popular con trol of railways, tramways, markets and lighting in New South. Wales is the envy of London County Councillors. Lord Carrlngton advises English ladles to emigrate to Australia, owing to the immense preponderance of males. - Mr. W. S. Fleming, the Australian mission ary, murdered at Panghal, China, left Aus tralia in 1895. Cey)on has joined (|ie penny postage sys tem. i ' Geopge Towns, the 'Australian sculler, has ac opp ted the challenge of W. A. Barry, tne. English champion, to row for the .champion-.- ship. i The death Is announced of Sir John Fowler, the eminent engineer. The plague is spreading in the- Presidency ol Madras., Mr. Cecil Rhodes .'regards Buluwayo as the keyhole of Africa. Congo cheap labour, -according to. Mr. Cecil Rhodes, could be utilised In irrigation works in Cape Colony. , . , Mr. W. P. Schreiner, Q.CI, the Cape Pre mier, describes the RhoGesian railway as "the great street of Africa." Ten thousand natives at Seringapatam, In dia, rebelled against the plague , regulations. Numbers of rioters were killed, and many taken prisoners. - The Chapter of St. Paul's has paid to the official receiver the value of Mr. Hoolev's communion service. America lias- offered Spain £4,000,000 for the Philippines, with freedom of trade thrown lit. Spain, has been granted a week to consider the American proposals. The body of John Horrie, a contractor, was found in the Yarra yesterday. In his address to the- Church Congress at Bnllarat yeBterday Dr. - Thornton' said that ministers were scandalously underpaid. The language In some of our Legislative Chambers Is sometimes degrading, according to the Bishop of Bnllurat. Australian town life Is, acqording to Bishop Thornton, president of the Church Congress, stained with Intemperance, pro fanity and lust. A municipal conference at Woollahra last night resolved to urge the adoption of a, building Act to prevent the erection of In ferior dwelling-houses. Captain Ncttcnsteln, Comptroller- General i of Prisons, has enforced new regulations with the view of preventing the association of first offenders with hardened criminals. ' 1 In connection with the glove fight between J. J. Corbett and Tom Sharkey, the U.S. marine, the betting Is 5 to 4 on Corbett. The ship Mary Augusta has been stranded' at Dunkirk, . France. The crew have been; saved. . . The condition of Sir Henry Irving, who was seriously 111,. Is ..improving. -- THe Middlesex Grnnd Jury has refused to, findin true, bill against B. J. Angle, referee of the National Sporting Club, and others, in connection with the death of Tpm Turner, the pu_glllst. Ex-Queen LUluokalani of Hawaii lias pe titioned the U.S. Congress that she may be allowed to retain her former Crown lands. The annual session of the Wesleyan Synod wns opened yesterday in the Centenary Hall, York-street. The Rev. E. J. Rodd, president of the Wes leyan Conference, preached on. "The Phi lanthropy of Christ" at the Centenary-Hell last night. The recent rainfall In Victoria has been general, averaging three-quarters of an inch except In the extreme north-west. A shipment of £300 worth of lemons from Italy was condemned at Melbourne yester-' day. The accumulated fuhds of the Victorian Savings Bank Increased by £356,358 during the past year. Simon M'Permott was at Melbourne yes terday convicted of perjury, but remanded pending a decision of the Full Court. Remarkable evidence was tendered In the Nesblt dlv.orce case In Melbourne yesterday. Mr. John Yeomans, a retired officer of the Victorian Lands Department, dropped dead In Melbourne yesterday. He had just said to a doctor, "I have never felt better In my life," when he slid to the floor and expired. Mr. Michael Goldihg has died at Campbell- town at the ago of S3. He was exiled on ac count of his connection with the Young Ire land movement of '48. The Minister for Mines states that It Is not Intended to refund Interest on contributions by stock Inspectors to the Superannuation Fund.); Mr. Affleck' will ask the Premier to-night If he promised, the labour party to Introduce the Old Age Pensions Bill on condition that they supported the tea tax. The Minister for Works informed a deputa tion last nlght(that Wyalong was entitled to a railway. A 40oz. nugget has been found on the Bu- long deep lead (W.A.). A new alluvial rush has broken out at East Murchlson (W.A.). . ' o Jules Honrl Botrlx, a fruit hawker, har> been arrested at Kalgoorlie on suspicion ot liavlpg killed his mate, John Malone, who hailed from New South. Wales. An alleged ghost captured at Perth (W.A.) turned out to bo a man disguised In a sheet. He was soundly thrashed. John Ryan, miner, has been lost In the bush near Mount Malcolm (W.A.) since Friday. SThe Victorian Frontier stntes that £3000 has been distributed in bonuses to the Go- . vernment employees in connection with the Federal Convention. A bill to enable tlie Govcrnor-ln-Councll to raise £1,000,000 by Treasury bonds has been carried by the Victorian Assembly. An other bill to authorise the issue of £1,500,000 worth of Treasury bonds was also agreed to. A bill to remedy a defect In the law , by which restrictions In the sate of poisons apply only to wholesale dealers v/as passed by the Victorian Assembly yesterday. The' Victorian Assembly lias passed a bill authorising the Melbourn e-. City Council to purchase the electric light systems of the city for £250,000. The Victorian Legislative Council has am ended' the Plural Voting Abolition BUI by the Insertion of a provisi on for proportional- voting. The Anglican Congress opened at Ballarat yesterday, was presided, o ver by Dr. Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat.- j At the Ballarat Churcfh Congress' Dr.Thorn- ton deplored the dlvlsloinB between, Christian denominations. ; The , malls which left Sy.dney pep R.M.S. Cuzcq on OetobcfF18 arrived in London on the 21st Inst., being due. on the 20th. The great attraction In the Hajtmarket at the , present time, la P, R. Larkln's New Christmas Price List.. You are advised to Write or call for one. I 'rices will astonish you." Tattersall's Sandhurst C., 30th Nov. 100,000 , ltd. Care of CJeo. Adams, Hobart." / '' 