The Peculiar Difficulties of Our Church Work in Great Cities. A Symposium.— No. II. P»y Bev. J. E. Carruthees. : The object of these papers, as I under stand, is to endeavour to arrive at some practicable scheme of 60 working Methodism in our 'great city' as to make it a living power in drawing the masses and influencing them to accept, the salvation that is in Christ Jesus. Any object lower than this would be unworthy of us as a Church. To 'take uuia umy iur uuc amg is one end to D© kept steadily in view. A detailed criticism of the valuable paper by the Eev. W. G. Taylor is as ' far from my purpose as it would be unacceptable to the readers of the* Methodist. Nevertheless it is essential, to my purpose, and (in my judgment) to a correct understanding of the position before us, that tlie value of tome of the statements contained in that paper should be enquired into. Personally, I have risen from a perusal of that paper with a feeling as if an avalanche had descended upon me. The im passioned spirit that breathes and burns in every line almost takes one by storm. The zeal that informs and inflames the paper will in the eyes of many readers justify every conclusion that its author arrives at and end the con troversy. But are the statements of that paper good for all that Mr. Taylor submits them in proof or illustration of? Apart from the point on which there will be perfect unanimity — which » amongst us is not open to discussion — viz., that the supreme thing is for our ?churches to be vitalized, and our preachers to be afresh baptized with the Holy Ghost and with fire — apart from this, Mr. Taylor's contentions resolve themselves into three. First, an adapta tion of methods ; Secondly, the appoint ment of specialists; Thirdly, the ?extension of the ministerial term. As to the first, I take it that every man ^amongst us is at liberty to use those methods that he feels are best adapted to the neighbourhood in which his work is to be done, and that are most con sonant with his own aptitudes and abilities. Some of the best work done ?of recent years in London was accom plished at Clerkeuwell, under the Eev. Edward Smith, who worked purely on ' old-fashioned Methodist circuit lines. That for him was the best method, . although his charge was designated a \- ' mission.' So far as I know, there is ? nothing to prevent the brethren now labouring at William-st., Bourke-st., Wesley Church, Glebe, Pyrmont and Balmain from doing whatever is in their heart to do, or from working those ? circuits on ' mission lines,' if they feel that those are the lines on which to secure success. Methodism always has a -warm heart for consecrated enthusiasm, and rejoices in men who have the ?courage of intense individuality. But is not Mr. Taylor's argument as to 'specialists' somewhat overdone? It is true that the ministers now in , charge of Pitt-street Congregational Church, of St.. Stephen's Presbyterian, and of St. James' are live men, in touch ,.: with current religious movements, and , each in their own order popular and . successful. But they are the outstand ing men of their particular denomina tions in the city. They gather their j congregations largely from the suburbs, where at least two of the three reside. . Even were their success all that Mr. Taylor indicates, the circumstances . are such as to make it unsafe to base a broad generalisation upon the . two or three instances that are quoted. Does Mr. Taylor mean that all our city pulpits are to be manned by missioners ? If so, where are they to come from ? If -.-' specialists ' are to be found for every circuit within the metropolitan area, who is to discover and identify them ? .Nearly every man of any mark amongst : us has had his term or terms in the city. , At the present time, in nearly every . case, the appointments are such as it ... would be difficult to improve upon from the standpoint of zeal, aggressiveness, and adaptability, so far as these qualities are represented in the Methodist minis try of New South Wales. Will any one say that even from Mr. Taylor's stand point the Conference could possibly do better than it has done for Wesley Church, the Glebe, Hay-street and Pyrmont, or Bourke-street — circuits all within the bounds of the city proper ? Moreover, the reference to the transfor mation effected in London, Manchester, Liverpool, Leeds, and other great towns in England, scarcely proves the point for which Mr. Taylor is contending. The circuit system has not been abolished in these towns. Tue 'mission' has , not swallowed up the sanctuary and all belonging to it. London, it is true, has three 'missions,' but Loodon contains a population more than equal to that of all Australia. The other places named have one 'mission.' The circuits remain intact, and are worked vigorously ' on circuit lines and according to the .-. laws governing the Methodist itinerancy. .Sydney has one Central Mission. For its success we are all grateful. What it -;osts to maintain it some of us kuow.; Can we afford to have another of a similar character ? Would it be wise ?or politic to run Wesley, William -street, Bourke-street and tin Glebe on the same lines ? With regard to the suggestion or con .tention that the ' iron withs ' of the itinerancy should be relaxed, I am at ?one with Mr. Taylor on that point. But if a man cannot build up a good strong ?cause in three years. I do not think he will accomplish that in five. If, how ever, a minister has bliown exceptional .aptitude in any given position, or tliere are good and sufficient reasons why his stay should be prolonged, then it should be within our power as a Conference to extend the term of his appointment. But this should be done according to law. We should be courageous enough to seek an alteration of our Model Deed to give us power to do this. The Methodist people are reasonable people and loyal people, and would, I believe, almost unanimously concur in this, so long as the legislation is made general in its application. But to have one law for the city and another for the country our people would not consent to, any more than they would quietly agree that one class of ministers should be per-' manently in city charges, and another class permanently in country circuits. Methodism will gain no strength by parting with its solidarity. It is easy to criticise. Who will show us the more excellent way ? The diffi culties of our work in Sydney are great. Mr. Taylor has put his hand upon the causes of trouble with a precision and skill that show at once a keen eye and a sympathelic heart. But will the remedies proposed meet the case and bring about the improvement desired? Improved methods, a wiser choice (if that be possible, all things considered), in the appointment of city ministers, and an ex tension of the term in exceptional cases, may give better results in some instances. The recognition of the humanitarian aspects of the Gospel also has its value. A 'Gospel for mean streets' must have not a little of the social element in it. In these days if the mas&es; are to. be won, the pulpit must not be afraid to bear its witness for social righteousness, and the preacher to be respected must peal out some of the trumpet tones that rang from the prophets of old in de nouncing oppression and injustice of all kinds. But after all, the solution of the difficulty is not in methods or machinery or men, The miracles of Jesus drew the people to Him. To-day where ' the power of the Lord' i3 'present to heal' the people will come. Collier, of Man chester, has recently told the story of that mission ; and he says that he felt in beginning there that if he could but preach so as to get men saved others would come to see and hear for them selves. He did that, and has kept on doing it, and the Mission has grown, until the fame of it has filled the kingdom. This at any rate we may all seek to do. This it is our duty to do. ' God hath spoken once ; twice have I heard this, that power belongeth unto God.' This may be a truism ; it may be regarded by some as a platitude. But it is a truism that our Church needs to lay to heart, in view of the state of Methodism generally, as well as in the city. And the platitude will cease to be such when it becomes a faith to live by and to work by. Having done all that we can, we need to learn the old lesson, ' Not by might or by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord.' 