Open Column. (The Editor is not responsible for opinions expressed by correspondents.) MR BURQOYNE'S FEDERAL DIFFICULTIES. TO THE EDITOR. SIB,—Let me accept the request of my friend Mr Burgoyne and reply seriatim to bis questions in your isBue of May 6:— No. 1. As to centralization and the post and telegraph, &o.;—Amalgamation is not centralization. In the United States and England amalgamation of railway boards is recommended by commissioners and experts and has, when adopted, produced economies. In Germany the post and telegraphs were federated in 1871, allowances for differences of net revenue e or losses being made for eight years. The result has been moBt beneficial. I on the authority of a book on tbe German Constitution. As in Switzerland, any special line or work can be carried out, although it involves a loss, on a guarantee from the State. In seven years, before which period the post and telegraphs revenue and expenditures are to be as at present debited and credited to each State, it is very probable, if not certain, that South Australia's Post and Telegraph Department will not show exceptional results. Its profit of 10 years is due to the intercolonial business arising through Broken Hill and West Australia, its higher rates, its debiting of other State departments with business franked in adjoining colonies, and tbe post Bnd telegraph statutes of the last two years, which to prevent an excessive trespass I do not quote, show that the other colonies will notwithstanding our exceptional opportunity to grow rich largely at their expense, soon outstrip ns. No. 2. The alleged gap of £103,000 in our revenue.—Mr Burgoyne estimates this at £33,000 new expenditure and £70,000 loss of intercolonial revenue. As to the new—he includes all contra credits, economies through debts, fair railway rates, joint control of departments, &o.; Mr Nash eight months ago estimated tbat for the five colonies the abolition of preferential rates wonld bring in £150,000 a year on the then traffic, the effect of debtamalgamation £450,000 (which personally I question), a uniform guage (probable in a few years) £50,000, and so on. As to the £70,000 IOSB through intercolonial free trade—the mean estimate is £25,000 less. In the United States and Canada, notwithstanding similar prognostications, in a few years no Buch loss occurred, and as a matter of ..common sense one tariff tending to expand 'trade ought, in a year or two, after commerce has accommodated itself to the new conditions, to be more productive than five tariffs tending to rettrict trade. Should it not, the Federal Treasurer can vary the uniform tariff to meet State necessities. 3\. As to the weakness of small States ia the House of Representatives and their liability to be oat-voted on a joint sitting I wonder what sort of representation would some Sonth Australians insist on for the Federal Parliament. The small States have got equality in the Senate, that is Tasmania, Western Australia and South Australia, with lesB than three quarters of a million of inhabitants, have six members each, or eighteen in ell against New South Wales and Victoria, with two and a half millions of population also six members each, or twelve in all. But that is not enough. They object to representation in proportion to population, and that approximately only, for they are allowed a minimum each of five, and want, presumably, representation out of -proportion to population. Now it is not the States as States but the people that pay taxes, and if we are to wait for Federation until there-quarters of a million people obtain as much power as two and a half millions in the House that does and should control the purse we bad better pray Providence to give os a little of the longevity of Methuselah. Such a system of representation exists in no Federal Constitution. Even in some, the German and Canadian, eqaality is not even recog nized in the Senate. While some local politicians ask for more than their share of power in the House of Representatives the anti-Billites —I must not call them anti- federalists or they wonld object—in the large StateB decry the recognition of equality in the Senate. If we fail now we will have the same cross-fire of ill-considered criticism even fifty years hence. It is but a repeti tion of what took place 110 years ago, when the American Constitution was offered for acceptance. " An objection in a large state," wrote Madison, in 1788, " exclaims loudly against the unreasonable equality of representation in the Senate. An objection in a email state is equally load against the dangerous inequality of the House of Representatives." It seems as if we were reading a report by Madison's ghost to the powere beyond the grave in the state of affairs in Australia in May, 1898. As the effect of the deadlock provisions have been fully explained at the Port Augusta meeting as well as elsewhere it will here be sufficient to say if joint sitting with a' three-fifth vote iB dangerous to small States it is curious tbat many local politicians in New Sonth Wales object to it as involving a danger to the large, Experience will in Australia, as in America, probably belie the timid prognostications of both. Now surely our usually logical and eminently fair friend, Mr Burgoyne, cannot have been quite serious in suggesting that some of his queries were not repliec to, in anticipation or in expecting that Mr Holder and myself should hBve answered before, we heard them. The questions that agitated his federal conscience, why, to give, ss was our first duty, en exposition of the Bill and then reply with the detail and force necessary to affect the judgement of a veteran politician to all objections likely to b raised would have exhausted tbe patience of an audience of Jobs. At a meeting in Adelaide after an hour and three quarter's explanation of the chief features of the Bill I was told by an opponent of federation, in its present form of course, that I had carefully avoided certain points, which had about as much and no more to do with a compendium of the measure as the lunar phases with the price of wheat. Anyone who has watched the game of persons, party, and patriotism at North Terrace knows how political discussions are usually conducted. If the present effort to federate be defeated I feel almost sure that Mr Reed's aim will be soon realized, that is—a federation of New South Wales, Victoria and (Queensland, with an open door to the smaller States on terms dictated by the large.—I am, &c.;, P. McM. GLYNN. 