FRIDAY, JULY 22nD, 1898. Tan Fitzroy Councillors, aided by the Pearl-Northcote contingent,. have re solved to make a determined and sus tamied effort to blockthe construction of the Collingwood line, as recommen ded by the Railway Standing. Com mittee. At the last meeting of the Fitzroy Council the committee appoin ted for the purpose submitted the fol lowing report: "That, on the advice of the Council's delegates, who have given evidence before the Railways Standing Committee, this committee has authorised the preparation of a map of the proposed routes of roilway to the Northern Suburbs, such map to be on a scale suitable for use at Parliament House, should it be required, at a cost not to exceed It is understood that this map is to be presented by all the discontents at the bar of the House, if: they can get the :pportunity. The members for Fitzroy (hessrs.,BEsT and TUCKER) and the member 'for Bourke East (Mr. GAna) are being "lobby-ed" and kept well under surveillance. Their politi cal lives, in fact, are being rendered qMiserable by the line-blockers' impor tunities. On Monday evening last Messrs. BEST and TuCKER held a lengthy conference in camera with the Fitzroy councillors, and presumably some understanding was arrived at for Parliamentary action. So far, accord ing to Mr. WILItzKs, the Minister of Lands has acted in a most honorable manner, and it ishardly likely that he will now allow himself to be suborned by the covert threats of a section of his constit?gnts. HIe will, together -with Messrs. TUCKER and GAIn, speak as a private member, when the oppor tunity occurs, from his place in the House, in favour of the Fitzroy line. This he and the other members men tioned are in duty bound to do, seeing that they are pledged to that course of action; but it would be grossly inde cent for the hon. gentleman to use his position as a Cabinet Minister to block the Collingwood line. From what we know of Mr. BEST we do not believe the wire-pullers will succeed in getting himn to act the dirty part of a log roller or an intriguer. But this ques tion arises : Seeing that the obstruc tionists are so active, should not the advocates of the line bestir themselves ? We are aware the policy of the Col lingwood and Heidelberg Councils has, in the past, been not to unduly inter fere but to trust to the public spirit and good sense of legislators to vote for the Collingwood route on its merits alone. This has been a good policy while the matter was sub judice; but now that the Collingwood line has been recommended again, and the question will shortly come before the House for definite and decisive action, the great ness of the crisis should be appreciated. This solid fact stares us in the face : If the Government brings in a bill authorising the construction of the Collingwood line, and the wire-pullers succeed in obtaining the rejection of that bill' by Parliament, railway com munication to the Northern Suburbs is doomed for this generation at least. There is not the slightest chance of getting the Fitzroy line. Not a ghost of a hope. It is not even recommen ded; and thus the whole matter would have to be referred to the Railways Standing Committee again. A propo sition to that effect would be so utterly ridiculous that it would be laughed at by hon. members, except the few who wished to catch votes by pleasing a handful of cranks. The obstructionists know full well the Fitzroy line is dead as dead asJulius C?essror the pa triarchs that ruled in the Aitediluvi?n period -but they are envious. They are. filled with " envy, hatred, and malice " towards the Collingwood line, because they could not get their line. They are prepared to act the scurvy part of dogs-in-the-manger, and in a spirit of pique to block the advancement of all the Northern Suburbs because \they could not bamboozle a committee with "faked" evidence into recommending a rotten undertaking. They are now going to endeavour to hoodwink Par liarnent.. The advocates of railway communication trust to the honour and intelligence of Parliament to turn a deaf ear to the interested agitators, and this may be a correct policy; but activity counts for a lot in Parliamen tary life, and we think those who are so desirous of securing railway commn nication without further delay should be up and doing, and be in a constant state of preparedness to circumvent the machinations of the wily obstruc tionists. 