; : GORMANSTON- (FltOM OUtt OWN CORRESPONDENT.) GonMAKfiTON, Friday. Ata.meeting of the Committee of tlie A.M.A. on Sunday tlie president (Mr. •lames Malier) wade reference to' the sudden death of llr. James Crotty, chairman of directors of the North Mount Lyell Copper Company. The committee unanimously dccided to forward the .following cable to Mrs. Crotty, London:— "Accept deepest sympathy and condolcnce from the Mt. Lyell llranch A.11.A. late sad bereavement."—James' 11 a her, President." The committee of the recent Easter Monday sports, uudcr the auspices of the A.M.A., held a meeting 011 Wednesday. It was dccided to dismiss the protests against Cherry, winner or the Sheffield Handicap, and- Jejc, winner of; the A.M.A. Handicap. . Tlie prize money will lie paid over to these pedestrians oil their signing a declaration before a J .P. A general meeting of the members of the A.M. A. will be held on Sunday next at 2.30 p.m. All menibers are requested to attend, as business of an important character will be dealt with. A concert was held here on Monday night in the A.M.A. Hall in aid of Mr. King who some time ago was unfortunate enough to lose his leg. The wet weather militated against the success of the concert from a numerical point of view, but their being a large number of tickets sold the balance to credit should fie a fair one. Tlie first part of the programme consisted of a minstrel performance in-.which Mr. 13. C. Hollow was interlocutor with A. J. Carr as " Bones," and Mr. E. Harradiue as " Tambo." Songs were sung very acceptably by Messrs. W. Hollow, A. J. Carr, F. J. Perks, 33. Cox, Harradiue, M. Thornton, aud Miss 13. Smith. The first part concluded with the farce " Sambo's Ghost," the characters being Miss E. Smith, and Messrs. E. Harradine and A. J. Carr. . In the socpnd division of the concert the contributors, were, 111 addition to some of the above, Mr. P. Howell, Miss E. Smith and others. .The entertainment concluded with Professor " Smith's Gymnasium" the. characters being taken by Messrs. 13. Harradine aud Carr. Mr. J. 1). Wood was hou. treasurer, Mr. T. Clarke lion, secretary, and Mr. A. J. Carr filled tlie role -of manager of the concert. After the entertainment dancing ensued iu which about 30 ladies aud gentlemen took part. • ' 