A MIDSHIPMA2 ROMANCE. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," •"The Golden Hope," "The Death Ship," "The Frozen Pirate," "An Ocean Trafweetheart," "The Good Ship Mohock," edy," "A Sea Queen" "Mv Danish •"Alone on a Wide, Wide Sea/* "The Tale of the Ten," &c.; CHAPTER XEL—AST INTRODUCTION. "Come, Walter," said my mother, "I want to introduce you to the prettiest girl you ever saw. But first brush your hair, and be quick, for they will be going." I went downstairs and entered the drawing-room shyly, for if I was precocious by stress of association with my elders, I trust and -believe rimf. I was neither forward nor impudent. - . She was a decidedly handsome woman between five-and-thirty and forty, quietly but well dressed. Her hair was fair and plentiful, and her figure as good as if she .had beat two-and-twenty. Beside her sat a young girl of mv own age, and I was ap- , j)roachmg Mrs. Stuart to shake hands when, on glancing at this child, I stopped ; dead, staring with fear and wonder, just as Thai stopped dead when I saw the phantom of the pond. Mv agitation was so extreme that I trembled as to a sudden blast of cold wind. Mrs. Stuart looked at me as if she believed' X was deranged, and would in a minute fall down upon the floor in a fit of epilepsy. . "What Is the matter with you, Walter?" , cried my mother. '-.- I backed awav to her side and said, ; pointing "to the child—'She is the girl I saw in the pond." , "What do you say?" exclaimed my mother, depressing my arm, for I continued: to point. "She is the girl I saw in the pond," said I, with a" half-blubbering note in my . voice. "What is it all about? What has my Belle got to do with the pond?" cried Mrs. Jituart, in a manner that would have made ..me see,' had I been older, that she was ycrv superstitious. ""There is a pond in the lower garden," ' •answered my mother, "and Walter some ti,me ago thought he saw a figure standing ,>n the pedestal where there is no shape or image for aiountain." . "Like my Belle?" half-shrieked Mrs. ,'•' Stuart to me. "lues," I answered. "She i6 the same, bnlvjittler." . .""How very extraordinary! exclaimed "Mrs. Stuart. in a sort of gasp, after a ' moment's pause. "Come and look at Belle dose, and tell me if she is like what you ; .saw.*' . "T can see her from here," said L, sticking to my mother. It is certainly strange, said my mother, in a somewhat low mysterious . voice, "that Walter should not only have Eoen the ghost over-night on the pedestal, but that he should have tumbled in nest day, and then seen it in the water where lie was almost drowned." Mrs. Stuart breathed deep and repeated, t "How very extraordinary! Are you sure * it wasn't "the figure of a little boy you saw?" ' "No," I answered, "it was a woman, just this same as thatgirl, only she is littler;" : and I pointed again, being greatly agitated, and again my mother put down my 1 arm. , "I never heard anything so extraordinary," said Mtb. Stuart, turning to look at her child, who, with her feet off the floor, sat ' beside her mother staring at me fixedly with precisely-the expression of the phantom. Indeed it was not to be gathered \- by her looks that she knew she was concerned in this talk. "Hie thing is easily' explained, said my . father. "A "boy suffering from bad digestion passes along through a moonlighted • garden; he thinks he sees a ghost; I wonder he didn't see twenty. The impression be-receives is such that when nest day be ' tumbles into the pond, his brain reproduces the image of the previous evening." 1 "Did you ever dream of Master Walter, Belle?" asked Mrs. Stuart, ^o,"answered the little girl. V . 'Have you ever seen him before?" "No,-she replied. -.V ^ "Have you ever met her before now? she inquired, " addressing me. "Not before that night," I answered. . V "I: never heard anything so strange;," said Mrs. Stuart. "How old is Master W alter?" and she looked at me with a sin- .•" gdar . expression as though I had been a mummy or something strange and fright- " ful, like&n; Asiatic god in a show. "lie will be eight In February," answered my mother. 'jSix months older than Belle. Look again • V at my little idaiighter, Master Walter," said Hie, " and tell me if you see the,same likeness you saw when you first came into •i thetoom." f 1t's the same," I answered. r/ "Gome close to her. You're not afraid of your phantom, I hope," said die, with an uneasy laugh and a glance at my • another. Isfcepped over to the little girl, who put out her hand, which I took. '"Perhaps she doesn't seem so like, now iJiat'you're close to her," said Mis. Stuart hopefully. . ^ Yes, she does," I answered, -more.like." -•'••.. i "She looks "Can I see the pond, Mr. Longmore?- slid Mrs. Stuart, jumping up with some v -excitement. '.f .'C'We'all sallied.forth.. I walked with the liltle girl. I should not have walked with : lier of my'own free'will, but she hung : back, and as it were obliged me to walk ... with her. . •"Did.-yon really see me the other night?" V she asked. "Yes," I said, "of course I did." J "How was I dressed?" ' . 'You had nothing on," I answered. ; v "Wasn't I cold? she exclaimed. IV ; '.'But it wasn't you—it was—it :'•"•• ' Here I began to stutter, and came to a "• Stop. My father a little ahead, walking . -with Mrs. Stuart and my mother, opportunely .helped me. . • *Tt was his stomach, and nothing else, : 1" heard him say. '"What do you play at?" said Belle. swim boats, and I'm going to be a ^ sailor,'" said I, as X desired to seem a man \- in the eyes of this young lady. "Will you play at horses with me?" she ; <ask"d. in a wooing, plaintive voice. "Oh, hbw T should love a run round these gar- . dens." •"I haven't any reins," I said. "'Tape will do," she cried. _ "Oh, * mother, we're going to play horses." The three stopped to survey us. ""Be quick then, Belle," said Mrs. , Stuart, "for after I have seen the pond I \- api going home." , "Let them enjoy themselves," said my ' father. ' ''."We want tape to make reins with, : saiuBelle. ""You'll Pad more' than you want in my • wotfc-basket, Walter," said my mother. '1 was a little excited, and ran swiftly to tie bouse, but Belle was at my heels runnine as fast as 1. But-1 did not know this till Z was in 1 the dining-room, with my hand upon the work-basket, and then the little f ill stood close beside me. I took out a undle of tape and a pair of scissors, and ! rar wita Belle to the pond, at whose rail my father and the ladies were standing. It •was £o longer a pond. 'The gardener had !'I been engaged for some days in filling it up withbarrows of mould, upon the surface of which he proposed to spread a cart-load of gravel. But the pedestal showed its _ ieao, and the outline of the pond lay Vvcleiny-defined- by the railing and the ^.fcu>pled growths which were scented by " 7 the * wjldSower. mother made me a pair of reins, and \--awaj we went. How nappy was that -^.•fluid's laugh, how fairy! ikeher movements -asthebounded ahead of me. imitating with ^iih&igrace; of a Jiyell-proportioned little girl the: actions of a restive horse. Her pale " Jiajj. fioated from under her hat, and I " thought of the cloud of hair that swam at ii- ibe head of the figure in the water. Our —gacnigB carried us two or three times round the grounds, and then our breathlessness brcugUt us to a halt at the tjop of the • - T!pi>cr -garden. There was a short stretch ofjgtass here, and we threw ourselves • • njsmrifc. ". , , „ J'T like playing with you, she said, '^^eninay 1 come and play with you B^in?" '"I'D ask mother," I answered. .V . . "Do j-ou go to school V" »• "Do vou?" \- ' "l am -taught at home by a governess. • - I am learning the piano. I was bom in ' Australia. " Do you know where Australia is?" she asked, fastening her violet eyes uj.on me with a very earnest gaze. "It's In the world," I answered sheepishly. "I shall _go to it when I'm a . s?Sor." Here I heard my father calling my name, so we interrupted the conversation by standing up and racing down to the pond. . • "Mamma!" cried the girl, "when may r_ I come-again to play with this boy?" \- ' "Let her come and drink tea with hini to morrow,' Mrs. Stuart." said my father. "If you will send her here I promise to -Hiturn her to you in safetv at the hour i-. " S 011 ' name?' . • CHAPTER IV.r-SCHOOL. . In the oldest part of the old town of I.;, Bbuville there stood, and may yet stand, , » house that was formedy a monastery. It was winged with cloisters and faced-by fi laree square of playground. It was walka round about, just as -tte district : ^iSflrJaiUBaiteda hut 4 snalUaostwa^ ^ w a f w s p o a b t b s e rstn t a m s h c o o all facing the flower garden had fallen, I nd the gay was replaced by a hedge. I Though the house had been modernized, • illed with bedrooms and eating-room, iu hich pale boys and cherry-cheeked boys at in rows, and dined or studied, a more than monastic shadow being upon the lace to the eye that surveyed it l'rom the utside. The cloisters had been converted into rooms in which fencing was taught cd boxing. The loud call or laugh of the oys might in the colour of the day put he austere spectres of the monks to flight, ut they returned at nightfall. Boys had een them standing in the doorways of the kisters; others on peering through bedoom windows had behdd mysterious tapes moving in. the deep gloom under he tall trees where the crows hung their ests,"and these boys had crept back to Led, and their whispers confessed what heir perspiration confirmed. This ancient monastic dwelling was now boarding-school for young English gentleen, kept by two parsons—one, a stooped, hort, rather fat man, whose boots creaked, and who was veiy proud of his white ands, and who, so it was said, was a firstlass Greek and Latin scholar. His name was the Keverend Edward Cheshire; the ther was the Keverend William Dodson. Mr. Dodson held the lion's share in the school, occupied the house, and was a bachelor. He kept a housekeeper—a little, hard, restless woman of about fifty-five, whose eyes snapped between the bunches f ringlets which stood blown up over each ear in cauliflower-wig fashion. Dodson, unlike Cheshire, was a tall man, a pink man. He should have been an Albino. His eyelashes were white, his whiskers a very pale ginger, his yellow hair as silky as a baby's. To wis school I was one day dragged. I do not mean to say that I was hauled by strong men through the streets, but the heart that lay in me was so dreadfully heavy that my leg6 almost refused to carry it, and I staggered along by niv mother's side, often saying, "1 don't want to go to school. Why don t father send me to sea? I want to be a sailor, not a beast of a schoolboy." And the shudder of an inward fit of blubbering would wrench ine. My luggage had preceded me. We arrived at the great gate; my mother: pulled a iong chain, and a hollow-toned bell rang slowly, and was still ringing in funeral beats when a man with knock-knees threw open the little door in the gate, and wc entered. We were shown into the drawing-room. A schoolmaster's drawing-room is a severe scene of life to a little boy. There are too many boots; they are too handsomely bound; they suggest the prizes won by boys at the cost of many pangs of the flesh, and left by will to the master by the lads who had died. This was a very new drawing-rooin. The chairs looked never to be sat upon. A smell of sherry pervaded the atmosphere. We waited in silence, both being too much awed to converse. In about, live minutes Mr. Dodson came from the schoolroom, very pink and tall, and hard. "So this is our young friend," said he, extending bis hand to me. "Master Longmore, I think." '"Shake hands, Walter," said my mother. I staggered .very awkwardly and walked in a oue-siaed way up to him, lifting a stiff arm. He inst touched my hand, and then said with alarming familiarity— "Now, Longmore, run into the play ground and amuse yourself with the swing uiitil school is over, whilst your mother and I have a few words." I made a great outcry when it came to my mother talcing me in her arms and saying good-by. We had never before been separated. I blubbered with all my might, resolved that the schoolmaster should comprehend the extent of my sufferings. He cried out—"'What! is it possible that a young English lad of spirit should act like a little giri in the presence of his mother? Would you be tied to your mother's apronstrings all your life?'' I thought in my heart, yes, I would then. He took me by the arm, led me to the house door, and told me to run away into that playground yonder, past the iron railing, and he advised roe not to let the boys see what a girl 1 was making of myself. I hung about like a marooned sailor till a clock struck 4. This was immediately followed by a sound as though they were firing volleys of musketry in the schoolroom. The voices of boys talking freely hummed richly into the air, and then in thunder down the staircase rolled with Whistle, shriek, and shout, a long stream of boys of all sizes, and different as they were numerous, saving two boys who were twins, fat and sluggish, looking as though they were twenty- five years old, though they were not fourteen; so absurdly alike that the head of one was often punched in mistake for that of the other, aud 1 have known one of them get out of a difficulty by saying that his brother did it. It was idle for the brother to protest. The master could not distinguish. Somebody roust be whipped, and as one twin was slightly fatter than his brother, he usually got the stripes whether he was guilty* or not, so tempting is roundness, and what Squeers called oiliness, to schoolmasters. Ihe boys covered the ground with running. rushing, leaping, flying figures. Th y split the air with their throats. A smooth-faced man of the complexion of talNiw, his hair shaved into a suggestion of lofty intellect, came-up and asked in broken English who I was. I told him. "I'm one of the French masters," said he speaking kindly. "Are you fresh fro.-n England?" "No, I aren't," I replied. "Nothing to be ashamed of if yon were," saii he; "and it is necessary that you should address me as 'sir,' and say 'sir' to the other masters." [ "'1 ain't a Frenchman," said I, deter-1 b mined to have this matter put right. "Do you dislike the French?" asked this master, squinting, through some defect of ntn e, whilst he smiled. "They don't fight fair," I replied. "They kick you on the shins, and run away if jou give them a bloody nose, and they throw stones." He laughed at this with much goodnature, and then calling to a boy, said— "Rawdon, lake tliis new boy, and play •with him. Show him the cloisters, and run him about to dry his eyes, for he's an TCiiglish boy."' The sarcasm was lost, and he walked off. After this I have no 'very clear recollection of what became of me. I may have pla\ ed with Kawdon. A lad ran away ivilh my cap. I gave chase, and hit him on the head, and by other tokens made him understand I desired to fight him. ""Take your dirty cap," eays he, flinging it at me, and he shot off. My spirited conduct on this occasion was not lost. Certain senioi- boys had observed what nassed, ar.d though nothing was said, I knew afterwards 1 had produced a favourable impression. At lialf-past 4 somebody rang a bell—I believe it was the knock-kneed man—and we passed in, a crowd of boys, out of the playground into the room where the meals v.eie served. This room was as ancient as any other part of the building. It was loity and long, and was furnished with three tables and benches, and a rather shorter table crosswise at the bottom. At intervals, like tlie large iron nuts which l;tep a ship's chain-plates fixed, were trenchers of half-loaves of bread cut-into bread and butter, then reshaped into the original half-loaf with the crust on too. We trooped in and took out seats, and a gallant show of boys we made—lemon-haired, black-haired, brown-haired, all true blue. Even my young heart leaped up at the sight of my country's children. How different the gentlemanly well-bred English schoolboy from the French boy, no matter how well-bj-ed and gentlemanly. No talking was allowed. At the head and foot of each table sat a master, who was served v ; th a cup of tea and an e^g as a relish to his bread and butter. To us boys was handed by the kncck-kneed man a mug of liquor resembling milk and water. 1 io'nd myself sitting beside young Kawdon. 1 was about to begin, and stretched forth my hand to seize the crust that crowned the half-loaf in front of me. llnwdon seized my arm, and said in a whisper:—"You must not begin until after giace, and till you're told to." He was about ten ye; rs of age was this young Rawdon. His hair w;:s golden, snd no handsomer or more refined boy did any British mother of breeding hug ix> her heart. A lad opposite made menacing faces at uie. 1 did not know till afterwatds tliat he meant I should not snatch at the crust, which was tiie choice prize aud eager expectation of every boy who had not the toothache. Sir. Dodson came in and said grace at the cross-table. He was much too thankful, I thought. I looked in vain for jam, buns,' any addition or supplement to those grim hilloc-ks of -oread and butter. Why did he take so long to be thankful for half a mugful of thin milk and water and the sliced loaves, more particularly as he did not participate in the feast, but. walked out after a shrill general delivery of •'Amen," that, closed, perhaps not with conviction, his windy periods? "Begin!" shouted the master who taught English. He was an Irishman, named O'Connor, a poor dingy mac. who had taken high honours at Dublin University, had filled good poets in England, had been forced to fi.v through debt; and now. with maturer sight, I can see poverty and grief and an inward rage of heart in his face, and his face also spoke eloquently of the demon of drink, which for years had found a bed in bis liver. God rest him! The moment the order to begin was shouted ninety hands darted forth on each side the tables and broke the loaves to pieces. Fierce was the first snatching, and every boy looked to see what pieces the other had. 1 munched away at a thick slice of bread and butter, and peering into my mug, asked Rawdon if I could have some tea. "'Silence!" exclaimed the French master, who had accosted me in the playground. His name was Mascot. Mr. Dobson seemed to know when we had finished tea without being told, for he came in rather mysteriously, and said grace, and this grace war all too long for impatient boys and for such a tea. The masters rose and all the boj*s rose, making a roaring noise through pushing the forir.s in so doing, and we then rushed nv.iV into the playground, freeing our pipes in shrill calls the instant we were clear of that lonp eating-rcom, and the crows, high in the tall, silent trees, answered us with their funereal notes. 1 began U> fGrget myself in running about and swinging, in chasirg, and in being chased. It is the pleasure of boys of the age I then was to run after each other in circles. One pursues the other, commonly with some thirsty resolution tc tight him if he should come up with him But should he overtake him the thirst of his resolution is quenched There may happen a slight shower ol fists with closed eyes. Then the boys begin to run in a circle over again. It i& boys' plea- Si.re. * was now beginning to think thai havr'ng plenty of companions of my own age to Dlay with was better than aimlessly wanderiD? about a lonely garden, and heating in drv ditches for unimagiaed things. I was hanging by a bar when I heard a tell, and perceived a general movement of the boys towards the cloistered staircase. In a very few moments the ground was eniptyjand-I- wae left aLonsiaigmg fey ihe ar. Fresently I f=pied the figure of a man | observing me from one of the windows oi the schoolroom; it disappeared, and in a minute there arrived jUr. Dodson. who pproaehed me with very long strides. 1 cropped from the bar. '"Don't you know that preparation has begun, sir?" he exclaimed.' "Do you sup pose that your mother placed you here to do nothing but play?" "1 don't know what you want," I answered. "I'll tell you," he exclaimed, and gripping my wrist he bore me oS to the cloisters. Mr. Dodson took me up to Mr. O'Connor and said:— "Discover his degree of proficiency. I fear it is nil. Put him in his place, and ttt him a task of preparation." "'Can you read?" said Mr. O'Connor. ""Yes," I answered. " "Sir'—say "sir,' if you please," cried O'Connor. '•'•'Bead that/" and he put a volume of Goldsmith's "History of Eng- Iei d" in mv hand. 1 read a dozen or twenty lines, stuttering at one or two words. Mr. O'Connor then sa'.d:— "That will do. Can you write?" "Yes, sir," answered. ' Sit up here," said he, "and let me see how beautifully you can write." He hoisted me on to his own stool and dictated a letter home in very simple v ords:—"I am very happy, and would not go home again for anything. There is no j-lace like school, where bed is hard and eggs are bad." 1 took this down wfth the utmost gravity. He read it, tore it up, and told me ! v, follow him. We walked to the bottom of the schoolroom, and at the end desk, j ^hich meant j-ottom,^1,^. the bottom i of the very) Jf little English book Jjefore' ~ me, " from which 1 was expected to commit a page to memory- They called this preparation. I forget at what hour preparation came to an end; it was then dark, and lamps, like the lamps over billiard' tables, were lighted. The knockkneed Ambroise entered, staggering under the load of a basket of dry bread, of which every boy took one piece. He then made the rounds with a jar of cold water and a tin vessel, and every }>~>y who was thirsty drank. This was our supper, and I have eaten better since. \\\ e now went to prayers; the boys knelt along the benches or foims, and Mr. Dodson read from the prayer book. We trooped downstairs in a thunder of feet, and passed through the playground to the house were the dormitories were. Here we put on our slippers. A single flight of steps in a bouse nest to the headmaster's residence led to a large bedroom— how many occupied it, 1 do not remember. I was one who slept in that room; a row of beds went down on the side I occupied, and there were beds between the windows opposite. A long, narrow central stand or table looked scorbutic, with its outbreak of basins for the boys to wash in. At. the end oi the room was a door through which two or three of the masters passed to their sleeping apartments. Wc were not to be troubled by the masters yet. They die not arrive until after 6upper, and meantime, the monitors were supposed to keep us quiet-. But in truth Thev were amongst the noisiest. An old woman, named Wil- kinson, a sort of deputy-housekeeper,, had follmved in our tail to show me my bed, then vanished before the boys fell upon her. This little bed was at the bottom of the row of beds, with a chair beside it. 1 found my nightshirt placed for me, and jumped into bed to get out of the way. The long sleeping- room had changed into a wild, extraordinary scene of half-naked, rushing, leaping figures of bovs, who yelled in thrilling notes as they "chased one another with slippers and knotted towels. It was a novel picture of life to me after my little quiet bedroom in the cottage, and I wondered what my mother would think if she saw it. Hoys leaped in and out of bed like hares, disappeared, emerged, whooped, and here and there a stand-up fight was making bloodv progress: The room was imperfectly lighted by a few cheap candles, placed at intervals upon the long washstand. But the moon streamed in through the four high undraped windows, and the white dry boards shone with lakes of glittering Moonlight which shimmered into the atmosphere off the floor. A boy was sitting up in his bed alongside mine watching the flying and yelling confusion of figures in night-dresses. (They had a look of plucked turkeys, with their thin legs and white bodies.) I peered at my neighbour, and discovered that he was Kawdon. "What a row they make," said he. '"Do vou want to go to sleep?" "No; I like watching them," I answered. "How long does it go on for?" "Mr. Mascot will be up at 9, and every boy will rush to bed: for any boy caught out of bed when the French master arrives jlas ft, ]earn fiftv lines of French before breakfast, and he" is made to stand upon a form whilst he leams it." The noise was so great that it was difficult to talk, hut it calmed down presently, owing to a number of boys getting into bod and stopping there. And some time before Mr. Mascot arrived, the whole of the boys were in bed. Suddenly at the other end of the room a sweet girlish voice began tjo sing. A second followed, a third, and" a fourth. They sang an old English glee, and their tones to my young unaccustomed ear swelled in such harmonies that I might have believed I had gone to heaven and was listening to the i.-hoiring of the angels. I imagined they sung a hymn. All tdie rest of us lay mute listening. How sweet, clear, bigh-reaching, iure, was the silver note of the bay who fiad started that glee. After the glee was over, the boy with the pure high note sang "Annie Laurie." I listened in an ecstasy of delight. -• Does lim ^ he Vic sing Kincr pvf.pv every night?" I asked Rawdon. "Nearly." "How jolly!" said I, "I shall be glad of bedtime to hear him. What's his name?" "Mowbray," answered Rawdon. Mr. Mascot came in at nine, and walked slowly down the room, blowing out the candles and looking to right and left. He was followed by two other masters, and the three disappeared through the door at the extremity. 1 do not intend to detain you with the dry relation of my schooldays; how we rose, prayed, breakfasted, studied, dined, played, and the like. Indeed the pirate Time has scratched a good deal of the silver off this mirror, and I distinguish in it with difficulty. 