S'ilT'LISH El) BY SPECIAL AR fIANGE MENi'T.] HIS ENEMY'S DAUGHHTER. By ERNEST GLANYILLE, Author of "The Fossicker," "The Lover's Quest," "The Kloof Bride," "The Lost Heiress," "A Fair Colonist," etc;, etc. CHAPTER XIII.-(Continued.) Elmore rode after, deep in thought. He realised fully what it meant to be linked with such a companion. But he realised also that there could be no turning back. When finally he over took the other they rode along in silence, but he noticed that the grey eyes of the Cacique were continually sweeping the horizon in glances that seemed to take note of everything. Presently he placed his hand on Elmore's arm, and pointed to where a clump of "cana brava" grew round a small laguna. t "What is it?" said Elmore. "A magnificent chance for a chase," he said, unhitching the bolas from his saddle horn and trying the swing of it. "Not often does one get an opportunity. like this, with a course of a full mile to the next cover. The lasso, however, is no use, and you have no bolas. Take mine." "No, thanks. I would swing It round my own neck." "Very well," returned the other, eagerly, "will you drive the thing out towards me? I will get round by the side." And he started off at a gallop. Elmore kept on to the thicket of cane, expecting that some species of deer was there hidden. But when his horse was within a few yards of the outer fringe it suddenly twisted round with a snort of terror, almost unseating him. Gaining the mastery after a severe tussle, he again forced the mustang with ears pricked, shoulders in a lather, and muscles quivering, up to within a yard or two, when he spread his fore feet out and refused to stir. A low, querulous, snarling sounded from the thicket, then as Elmore shouted, to encourage the beast, whatever it was, to move, there was a sound of splashing within, and a solitary swan, making a tremendous clatter with its wings, arose. The mustang reared up, and as it came down Elmore drove the spurs in. Confused and smarting with pain, the. terror-stricken animal was into the canes with a bound, and as the supple reeds struck the rider across the face he was conscious of a terrible din, combined of loud quacking, flapping of wings, and a savage roar. His mount struggled through the water, crashed into the canes beyond, then drew up on the plain, and Elmore realised the cause of the uproar. To his right, fol lowing across the plain, was a large dun-coloured animal. A ringing shout of "El Puma!" drew his attention to the Cacique, who with his body bent, was urging his horse to full gallop in pursuit. "Well, I'm hanged," was Elmore's muttered exclamation, as he thought what might have happened if the moun tain lion had sprung upon him in the canes. "He should have warned me.'t Then with a "Yoicks!" he joined in the chase. The puma did not seem to be hurry.. ing, and easily kept the lead, with his tail strung out and the white of his belly gleaming as his hind quarters went up at each spring. For a quarter of a mile he kept his lead, then he suddenly stopped and looked back over his shoulders. Then he swung round, crouched close to the ground, panting heavily, his tail jerking from side to side, and his white teeth showing. The Cacique reined in about fifty yards off, waiting for Elmore to come up. "He means to fight. He is fat and cannot run more." Elmore quickly unstrapped his rifle. "No, no, don't shoot. At any rate not unless I miss with the bolas. Give him a few seconds to get his wind." The Cacique twisted a cigarette and lighted it, spoke soothingly to his horse, and swinging the bolas, rode towards the crouching beast. The puma lowered its head and gathered its haunches, and Elmore stood fascinated, his glance going quickly from the bolas to the yellow form on the ground. Straight up the Cacique rode, slightly crouching in his saddle, a slight move ment of his brown wrist giving the miomentum to the three balls each on its own throng of braided hide-up to within-twenty feet, when there was three movements, almost simultane ously-the puma's bound to a savage roar, the whizz of the bolas, and the swift sidelong plunge of the mustang. The nei~t moment the puma was on the ground snarling and tearing, while the Cacique, reining in his horse, freed his lasso. - "Let me finish him," .he cried, as lihe saw Elmore endeavonring to :cover the struggling puma, whose foreleg was bound securely to his body by the coil of the bolas. The long hide shot out its snake-like coils, the loop sank over the round head, and with a violent jerk, as the mustang started off, and with a choking scream, the great cat was drawn over the ground. "By Jove! that was a fine bit of work," said Elmore, as.:they viewed the detd body, which was that of a grown male. The Cacique laughed. There was a sparkle in his eyes, a dark flush in his cheeks, that told'of the sporting Hlood of his English .father, and he looked handsome in his: animation. "It was a good run," he said. "If you bad missed with the bolas it would have gone hard with you." "Had it be6n a jaguar, yes. But a lpumn is content to scratch and .ruln. Maybe we shall come across the path of a jaguar in the wood, and I will teach you how to kill hilh. Indian fashion, with a spear." "Thank you for nothing," said El more, laughing. "I prefer the rifle myself. What is to be done with this brute?" "I will take his skin off for Ramnn. We should meet him in two d-y:: and the bcy will prize it." Elmore smiled, for he judged that the boy was as old as the Cacique him self. The puma was stripped of his hide under the noses of the mustangs, for, as the Cacique said, it was well to accustom them to the scent of their natural foe. Then they kept on at an easy amble till sundown, when Elmore shot a deer, and his companion intro duced him to the bonne bouche of the plains, the "carne el cuero"-venison, roasted on the live coals, with the skin still on. The horses had the length of the lassoes to graze, but they preferred cropping the long grass near the fire, stopping at intervals to look stealthily into the darkness. The many layers of the Gaucho saddle spread out made a good couch, and the travellers slept the sound sleep of the healthy, to be up be fore sunrise, awakened by the loud "conk-conk" of swans flying high froth the night's feeding to some wide laguna. At noon of the third day they sighted some ruined remains, over grown with scrub and trees. "It is the Chalpas," said the Cacique, "the burial tower of the Aztecs. It is there we shall meet Ramon, or near it, for I doubt if he has the courage to enter within its walls. Ah, yes, there he is," and he pointed to the figure of a man under a tree some distance from the ruin. Ramon ran forward to meet them, with a look of joy in his open brown face. The Cacique, however, did not stop, but rode on to the tree and dis mounted, then bade Ramon build a fire. It was not until after they had 'eaten, and the inevitable cigarette was lighted, that he gravely signified to the young peon that he could speak. This the latter did with great volubility, pointing continually to the north-west, while Elmore intently watched his friend's face for some indication of the message. He could read nothing, how ever, in the cold grey eyes and thin firm lips, and had to wait till the peon had finished. "Well?" he said presently, when the flood of eloquence ceased, and Ramon stood waiting for the praise he felt was due to him and the. money he had earned. The Cacique paid over the money and pointed to the puma skin. "You have done well," he said. ¶'Vaya con dios." Ramon hid the money in the' lining of his poncho, swung the hide over his shoulder, and with a salute and a laughing suggestion to beware of the ghosts of the Chalpas, he went off at a dancing step. 