BRAVE BESSIE' OCHRISTMAS / se E. A TRUEI AUSTRALIAN STORY. [By S. N. Twiss.] - You have all heard, no doubt, of. those brave explorers Burke and Will, who in 1860 travelled from Melbourne' to the north of Australia, passing Mount Hopeless and Cooper's Creek: and the Willochra min South Australia,, and who died of starvation and ,ftiguei on the return journey when only a fewa miles from a creek of fresh water and provisions. They were, in fact, only three miles from a creek of fresh water, but; unfortunately, 'they :turned their steps in an opposite direction from the - very thing they wanted most. I do ns ° mean to tell you now all their terribl sad and yet beadtiful story. You wtl find some old people, probably, who wi" be able to do so, for there must be mary who. remember the ill-fated, Burke and Wills Expedition, and who will ba glad to tell you of the brave struggly and the bravo? death c 'those note men. 'I want to tell you about some other brave. people, 'not only nien, but womeu'and little children, who suiffered many thinga in the early days of this copany from fear of the blacks, and from -want of very many things which h we ,think- it quite impossible to .lo without. About forty years ago a gpntleman named Wild came from England with his wife, and settled on a station in the Far North,not- many miles from the Wil lochra Creek, and only a short distance from the srot where Burke died, Often his children used to visit the gpm tree that was pointed out to them by the; blacks es being the one under which t . poor fellow, when he was no longer able to walk, calmly lay down to di~,alter. saying good-bye' to his on aea:-eiinng follower-the faithful John ing.? How eagerly these little sun-brewned children satered to the saimtle tiile .oo ti. natives, who had helped to bury Wills, and who had kept King with them and shared with him their nardoo till the relief party came from Melbourne and took him home. Bessie, aged 12, the eldest of the family, .dearly loved to hear thdir old black man, " Tommie," explain how " Poor white fellow fall down longs here. Him no jump up any more. Him no more eat nardoo." Several of the natives lived on Mr. Wild's station, and helped with the work in a small way, and, being kindly tre:Lted by the squatter and his family, proved most faithful servants. Bessie herself has told me -many a funny tale of the doings and sayings Qf old Tommie, who gave many proofs of his devotion to his master. Some miles from the station there were tribEs of savage and treacherous blacks, who would not hesitate to spear any "white fellow" who came in their way, and when first Mr. Wild came to the station they gave him a great deal of trouble. For several years, however, they had kept away from the home station, and the only thing they did was to spear a sheep or two when too lazy to hunt kangaroos or opossums. Amongst Mr. Wild's natives was an old lubra who was areatly attached to the family, though she belonged to a tribe which lived a long way from the station, and "who were of ten at war with the Cooper's Creek blacks. .This old creature used sometimes to go away and stay for a few days with her own people, and when she returned used to generally have a great deal to say of the doings of the blacks, sometimes telling the truth, but more often drawing very largely on her imagination in describing, fights and corroborees and sucblike. Early one morning-it was the morning of Christ mas Eve-old Rosie came stealing into the kitchen, where Mrs. Wild and Bessie were getting things ready for next day's dinner and the little boys were stoning raisins for the usual Christmas pudding' She--Rosie-bad been away for two days, and Mrs. Wild was glad to have her back again to help with the extra work which Christmas always brings. Instead of her usual flow of talk Rosie was very ii enu, and almost' soaited and "ervous-o in. n few moments b Con}e4 ' sr. Wild outside the phyei 'oo,, and Jsse, ` " r bhng rough t`e window, saw the lubra pointing in the direction of the creek and whispering in a very excited kind of way to her mother. whose fa;'e grew suddenly pale.' " What can be the matter ?" thought Bessie; " I wonder if it's blacks ? " She glanced at- her two little brothers who were seated on the floor, one on each side of a bench, eating as many T#t~sei as they stoned, nd talking about Santa Claus, wonder Shalt te? gobd old 'fellow" would put in theit atobktings that hight. " i hope won't'put any raisins in," said Dick ; JP yi 4 t opt b enough of them apw. panvbn iou, I°rp r'" efrore Percv bid time' to eply;tlier reother Qaine if,. w?il Rosi}4 "cose ehind her, our e ghe ti$ even n pehs nonqt t tq-nrro9ry sow oing, und t. t a ke from hpe norty intend oiging *lire tooay. #osei has just t me thii?t ?he hIald from some of hey frippdps ?st there are arge numbers p jhelg marpch?g .Qwfl bhp creek pven pow"- j, what sha l e do- ! . 'I II ahoat th , mother, if tlwy cone here," eaig little Percy, jumping qp and trying to |ook :brape---tiongh his begt) beat, oh so qui~p ly. "'.Ill ,.ealqo eyery man jac of them, see if I don't."' AsPercy "a "p s e hei t "saobh coqfort. . Lt b hide ne ib d,? said ten _ar-o.q Dip~,wo having eaten a large ?he fr or for ' Jti~g, n4 evidently ~hogr~l~t ~I4 "*ha e tpr part $f valor wv ,s cFeioi." 'Wild 4a4s rtaed to g tho nea rpest townaiip fQr stores goge days before, leaving.an old Irish wan, who had been many years in his lyrHigg leo foo F e fry Wtld gd to oe fo .tlIpngy eanerala~oup thelouse. Tnforgq9ely, ,icr was s zuch afraid hp wgs pI ghosts, and, as tile etpe? ~ten e??l~iastn' parts ei)i ak n 6 t]e fluly seerped desperate. Mee Toqs ie 1hg4 hepn spnt oqt fa one of thp elephr¢er' 1 uis with provisions the .iy "hebre x4 onrd not poesisll ,tura tnl zight, Trhey ust do someZ thing, and that quickly. Poor Mrs. Wild sat down to think. How could they resist a hirde of cruel blacks, bent on murder and plunder? They must fly, but where? The nearest staiion to their own was sixteen miles away, further down the creek. If they could walk so far, and if. they could elude the keen scent of their enemies if--- , buit it seemed almost impossible. Ro ie began to grow impatient. " Missa," she said, trembling as she spoke, "blackfellow come. down alonga creek, come down alonga ranges, killum whitefellow pic caninny. Missa, you walk alonga creek, takum piccaninny, shut up doors, me walk alonga creek too. Blackfellow soon come - wantumpiccaninny fat." Poor mother. She -felt sick and faint. What if her darlings were filled before her eyes. The thought -was too horrible. "They won't get my fat, anyway, Rosie," said Bessie at last with a l;ttle laugh, which had, however, a suspicious break in it. " Mother, dear, let us do as Rosie spys. I'll call Mick, and we'll steal off" down to.the creek and hide in the scrub. The blacks must have known that father and the men were away. Mick is in the workshop. He is not much good to fight, but he'll carry the boys if they get very tired. We may have a long way to go." " Bessie, dear child, how brave you are," said her mother, starting up. "I am ashamed of myself. Yes, you are right, we may even be out all night. Rosie, fill the waterbag, and put some bread and meat in a basket, quick. Boye, put your coats on, and Bessie, take some wraps-though the days are warm the nights are chilly." Their few preparations were soon made, the fire was put out, and the windows made as secure as possible. There were only four rooms in the " wattle-and-dab " house, a'd two doors, one at the back and the other in the front. Both doors fastened on the .in side with an iron belt, but there was no way of fastening them from the outside. While they were considering how this difficulty could be overcome Mick rushed into the kitchen, exclaiming " Oh, Saints purtect ud, na!am, but the bla*cJ heathens are canmin.' It's meself that'saw' týe i just'be ar in the in e ree: ra, i's Wie 1w e'.l "'al be 'tis' blesed day '?"' "Besile," said Mrs. Wild, i" we oane not leave the door open, or the blacks will steal everything in the house. What -is to de done ?" Bessie shook her head. She could think of nothing just then. "Only it's meself that's so mighty big," said Mick, "I would fasten the dure inside and then jump out uv the window ; but t1ie win?ows are too small entirely for the lulkes'bf me to squeese through." "But not too small for me," said Bessie, quickly. " Mother, you and Mick and thi boys 'follow' Rosie. 11ll say beiind and fosteh the door' -fely; thein I ean easl iquneese out'~thr~ougt the kitclie window; hs I'm so sadll." My 'darhng I' would"munh rather we statted tdgethbr," said hdr mother, ' ?ure, gi'an, it's no time we have to spare tlking' about it,!' said Mick. "Thim black .gintlemen can walk Mfster than the litle oies'here, and I fiink we hbd better e poyIan on.": t Ve.*, g o, iothn,A dear. Till saon follow," sald iege. . !'ll only be a minote qr rq beljnd yoq," i, to save further argupmest, the 1ravo ]Jittle girl stepped back into the kitchen and fastened the door securely on the inside. .sst before climbing o~t. of te winow shded coer@ . i en??h.r ~X they had forgotez tos'ten thb #ndow of her fat' r.s offce. "I must b? careful. about-thise,. she said 'to hrrself. "As this one is a Title'lar er tQ'h tle rtheis • spa ,iao g rpp trog, h: She qdnuls mbed upon a stool so as to relh"the' iblf" wohih secured the window at the top, but' what was her horror when she saw coming rapidly in t e dIrestitu-of the houise anol~hr par-y o blaecs, besides those wucth Mick had seei fuathei off. isc ae was now im possible. $he" quikl hurijed to 1he kjtchen aid 1qolfd o', ThPere was n srgn-o spother and $thp others, They had dis6ppeared b pebind . think bielt :of serubno1b ~ a gfro"tj e hbltse. 'esoje hoped othey had ot bpe~i rotiopd by the .he elimbed uPn the k1itchen tabl, which was drawn close to the wall, and opened the tiny window. "Where would she run to if she got out?" she asked herself. Her heart was thumping against her side; her knees felt weak and shaky, and her hands trembled as she remem bered Rosie's words about the piceaninny's fat. Were 4.hey, after all, going to .have her fat Horrible thought. She must hesitate no longer. She would creep out, then steal round to the other side of the house, run along the garden fence, and soon be in the shelter of the thick pines. Oh, how she wished her dear father were near. She drew a long breath, and with a little childish cry for help to the great All Father she put her head an I shoulders, through the window. Whiz 1 A great boomerang flew past her, almost touching her hair. She quickly drew in her head, shuttlie win dow, and crouched down close to the wall. Had the natives seen her, she wondered, or had they only thrown at a venture ? She could not tell. She only hoped and prayed that the others were safe. Perhaps if the blacks thought that anyone was in the house they would stay about the place for an hour or two, and thus give the others time to get a good distance .down the creek. Poor little Bessie felt terribly lonely as the minutes passed and shxe heard no sound. At last she could bear the suspense, no longer, so she got up and peeped out of the window. - There were thirty or forty natives surrounding the house, some sitting and some standing about in the yard. It was quite plain that she must stay where she was for the present, but she felt such a horrid, disagreeable lamp rise in her throat, and her brown eyes filled with tears, which she was almost afraid to let fall, when she reflected that th bray hour eke face a pected that so, and - determined to watch as long as they. could. If.. men were In the house, they would be likely to have fire arms, so they deemed it prudent not to come too close. If they were women only, they knew they -would make no sign, and their plan was to wait till ilgbt bpfore ipaking any attack. I that dime they were sure to know whom the house contalned,, for n ed would " show fight" longl before the day was over ; but women would wait. till dark ness caine, and' try to ,mike their escae. 'Thbehours drdgged4 werily on, , Would those dreadful.blacks ever go awdI ? 'Pook· essie never imatnined that a single day could be so' long. 't 'iwa's about 8 o'clockin the noining whaen re b cks`"fit? t :iale lei e dia taiiie e, and at' o!~lo.k "they showed uo signs of moving. She began 'to think that s~omething must be wrong with the tit. chen clock, becaue the ~eands seemed'to go rouniso ¢0Qw1l'1 All a she sat rq?e led up againt the wll qunder the ~.4le, au towards evenjag w lpq "e sii oe egan to lengthen and it got rather dark in the kitchen, she ventured to stand up and stretch her cramped and aching limbs. need not starve dven' if i abin' prisoner,' she said, Mb' shecut herself some breid and butter' ang tooc ar drn~'of .iilk. 1\. ide 4 goon m ieal',forl mig e a chacep to emia. out 'wheni It gets darker ; ald' I- shill want all y strength to r?ua agpsF -are--Bthreek . ,)h dear, I wonder where mother and the b6e are. I shlldhip. tyt l~.ec would ._he able to ge ems across the creek and on towards Duican's station b.efore nigh.' " 8oo4 flsipn s sp. Thp shpS.t tyllight fadeL !'he tong sha.owa of the house and the s&edesnd; I4 . pine (res met. Still 1lec1f4liv6 g ept w(44c. '' Surely tes iut Be y, theoqght Begi~p, a4 then shehddei; . Wi bat i they. broke into the hose snd 5foauid her, ancd--t._ ,- Oh, It was 4dretdfl to think of. She midst try tf gait away. That awkward lump camp into her throat again; Atnd tears fillh d the brave; brown eyes i; but she quickly dashed theiti away, and, picking up her sun bonnet, she put it on and tied the strings in a tight bow with a vert determined air. " I shall not stay here to be eaten," she whispered to herself, with a lttle stamp of her foot, just to keep up her failing courage. "I must try to slip out of the window." Once more she climbed on the table. It was too dark by this time to see far from the house, and her dusky enemies might be very near. Still she felt she could ber imprisonment and !oneliness no longer, so softly open' g the window she crept t; slid gently down, and, crouching close to the wall, made her way as .quickly as her trembling slegs could carry her to the paling fence which sur rounded the garden and house creep ing under the slip-panel she, still on her hands and knees, reached the shelter at the pines, which were not far off. Her heart thumped so dreadfully that she felt sick and faint, and her lips tremhlp4 so that she was forced to sit down for a few moments. Just as she was about to steal gently away, she saw the bright light of a fire which the blacks had kindled close to the woolshed. She h#4 not been a moment too soon in escaping from the house. By thb light of thefi fire they would most pertaiuly hare upe@ her, and she would not baye 4aed to venture out. ', Very likely they are going to roast a 'possum," said Bessie, " and if so, I shall have all the better chance of get ting away." Fear lent wings to her feet, and be fore long she was out of hearing of the blacks, flying through the thick pines along the rough, narrow path which ran along the creek to the ford, nine miles her on. She walked and ran so at first that before she had gone the distance she felt so weary but the fear of being over r enemies could 'hbve "le or t ice sh4'2t?et 4 art th when Sheidheer'a' tw A posnii thun down a e hai'd run aid 4aedou t es toe tpaog eggi §g tisp, as the was gla4 of her friendly *t ahe know there was more danger of beg seen should there be any blacks about, We all know how a shadow will frighten us sometimes, and it is no wonder that Bessie's short shadow falling at her side startled her at times as she hurried through the lonely scrub, stn t bling in: her haste eove'rOts 'a bd iw stumpe," terrfiesh ' tihe sound of her footsteps, whieh, in her frightened fancy, seemed so very loud. Still, on she struggled bravely, never pausing for' a moment's rest. The moon rose slowls -up and up above the puemgwe gre'it pine tjeesa and 6iy the incrsing' light the little girl was :able! to walk wit mnuch' lees, stumbling until abbut di* i~iles of 'the distancb were' II~, `" et? bhk I a5,Ud W. legs a Vet hu e (bet wer0 h, ',o'sorie, and ihe* s " i4Rnderl1g if'it would be safe to es t-fo a minute on a fallen log which ;as cloi to 'the rac, when i he beasr ? (hat tnae'er Heart stand t4 t$we~j th~ere q ere loo s. A i te w black 8 PA he hro ' p4 llstned. She hetrd. voices; hey came nearer and nearer. Falling on her knees in the shadow of a shrub she listened. They did not sound like the voices of the atiatai? bgh' thofh?h dd recogbnite?tje' bloa biogde ol dear oel" M .lie. es,' Were oyer for'tep$hst. ,e sra tb e f(et'ana rqshed aiQaig the'path almost falling into the arms ofthe overjoyed Mick, -" ir, an' it's meself that's glad to see yees, Miss Bessie," Be ea laiged, taking the tre~pbling clild ~n his srigns. " Ant it's. Michael that's the pioud "s this' "'niht. I's l ad to, . g - "ill be; for pot '"" sae Late bd tbhs ble~s4 nig~ f i not got somne news of yees. Whr ,uucann, the owner gf to ng station, rand pomp is 1 en 1ie 4 acopiapsioid M ie , some of fooi, a some on horseback. aeesie waes ~o lifted toi the front of Mr Danoes.a. taddle, and the party retraced thilt:: steps in Pigh spirits at having suee good news to take back to the almost frant;c mother. When an hour or two later, Bessie found herself seated by her mother's side in Mr Duncan's dining roomnshe almost fancied that the experi ence of that.jay and night was a dread ful dream, or that it had all happened to some other little girl for whom she felt very sorry. When Mrs Wild and the children, with Mick and the lubra, left the house in the morning they quite expected that Bessie would overtake them in a few minutes, and, still hoping, they hurried on through the pine scrub in the direc tion of the creek. They had not seen the blacks which were nearest to the huuse, for they were 4ehind the pines when they--the blacks-emerged frtum the shelter of the wool sheds. Mick proposed cro^ssiag the creek as soon as possible, so as to leave no tracks for the keen-scented natives to follow, and, as the creek was too deep for the children and Mrs Wild to wade, Mick decided to swim across in the chance of finding a stray horse that would carry the rest of the party over. This he succeeded in doing. Mrs Wild and the little boys were as much at home on the back of a horse as on their own teet, and they were soon safe on the other side of the creek. There they waited for some considerable time, expecting to see Bessie coming through the scrub to wards the creek, but no Bessie came in sight. The poor mother was nearly distracted, and refused to move from the place, until Mick, who had risen to the occasion in a most unexpected way, in sisted on putting Dick and Percy on the back of the old saddle hack that had carried them through the creek, and sending them under the guidance of Rosie, who knew the track well, in the direction of Mr Duncan's house. " Would ye be having thim black spal peens spearing the lot ov us, mam ?" he said. " Isn't it better that some of us thry to get as far as Duncan's, and get some of their min to go back and search for Miss Bessie ? What could you, a lone woman, do agin thim all ? And I'm thinkin' it's safe the darlin' is, hidin' away quite cunnin' like, till some one comes to help her. And more than that, mam, won't the Blesid Virgin her self kape watch over her, and Her Blessed Child too, this holy Christmas time ?" Clearly, staying where they were could do no good; going forward might. So very sadly poor Mrs Wild turned to follow Rosie and the boys. It was a weary, weary tramp in the hot sand through the scrub and across the dry scorched plain to Mr Duncan's house, which they reached late in the afternoon. Many and many a time they stopped and looked back, straining their eyes in vain for sight of the brave little Pessic, but no Bessie vas to be .seen, As soon as Mr Duncan heard Mrs Wild's story, he sent to the men's quar ters, telling them to get horses ready at once, and with all the firearms they had, to look for Bessie. They quite expected to have an encounter with the natives, but had little hope of bringing Mrs Wild's little girl back to her. They thought she must have fallen into the hands of the savages, for where else could she be, unless in her haste and fright she missed the path to the oreek. and was wandering about the serub. Words fail to express their surprise and joy when they fouud her safe and un hurt, but weary and footsore, about half way between her own home and Mr Duncan's. The next day Mr Wild himself re turned, having been detained on the road for some hours owing to the lame ness of one of his horses. When he called at Mr Duncan's on his way home he was greatly astonished to find his whole family there, and more astonished still to hear of their unpleasant adven tures. However, "all's we!l that ends well," and every one had a merry Christmas after all. Very early that morning some of. the station hands rode across to interview the black visitors at Mr Wild's house, but they soon made oif as fast as their thin black legs could carry them. Not, however, before they bad received amongst them a few charges of saltpetre and split peas. Bessie laughed very heartily when she told me this, but she said1 that the hlsas who once got a hsage of this . -*o. 1| . kind in their bodies would not be likely to forget it in a hurry. Percy and Dick wondered how "Poor old Santa" fared on Christmas Eve when he came to pay his usual visit to their stockings, but after talking the matter over for some time with Bessie they came to the conclusion that as Santa Claus was a "sort of kind of fairy" the blacks would not notice him. Great was their astonishment when on waking in the morning at Mrs Dun can's they found their stockings just as full of goodies as the stockings ot the little Duncans', who slept in the same room. " How jolly funny !" said Percy. " Santa must have known we were here. I think he's a very clever sort of a fairy, ,don't you, Dickie ?" Not only?tDick, but all the ch;ldren agreed with Percy in thinking that Santa Claus was indeed the very cleverest of all clever fairies, and I am sure that you, dear children, who read this story of Bessie's Christmas think so too. It may interest you to know that when Bessie told me this story she was a grandmother. None of her children was ever tired of listening to the many tales she used to tell on lovely moonlit summer nights, when they all sat out in the cool, scented garden, and it was on one of there. nights that I joined the party and heard her tell how she bolted the kitchen door so many years before. 