THE JURIST. INTERESTING DECISIONS. By LEX. EVIDENCE BEFORE MAGISTRATES. If one is to accept the view of Mi1. Jus tice Hood in a recent case, the public of to day have much the same cause for com* plaint against the average honorary magU« trafce as. that which ancient John Selden preferred against the Lord Cbanctellor of his time. "Equity," grumbled Selden, "is according to the conscience of him that is Chancellor, and as that is larger or narjp rower, so is equity"-whence arose uunum* bered confusions! Country justices, it seems, are constantly consulting their own consciences, and thereupon receiving testl* mony as to what a defendant has said or done on occasions other than the par ticular one with which the charge undep consideration is concerned. From the point of view of rough-and-ready justice, there may be much virtue in knowing your man. But the principle of our law is that a de fendant is to be regarded as innocent until he is proved guilty, and, of course, the fact that he committed a crime last year is no proof that he has broken the law this year. His previous career only becomes material when the measure of punishment is to be determined. Except in cases where some habitual repetition of an act constitutes the offence, it may be safely taken by justices, tbat they should rigorously exclude all evi dence not immediately connected with the matter charged, unless, indeed, questions are put, within reasonable limits, in cross examination in order to shake the credit of the witness. Save in that aspect, a de fendant is entitled to start with a clean sheet in regard to the particular charge. ADULTERATION OF FOOD. By one of those small legislative humours with which students of the statutes become familiar, all drinkable liquids are regarded as I articles of food for the purposes of the j Health Act-the opinions of the temperance ; party to the contrary notwithstanding. And under that definition the Courts have frequently to determine whether or not there has been any improper adulteration of tbe "food" of the million. The act pro vides that if a purchaser is not supplied with an article of the nature, substance, and quality demanded by him the seller is to be penalised. Thus, if you ask for whisky and you receive whisky plus a percentage of water-a contingency which, it is Eaid, does happen once in a way-your demand has not been met, and if you chance to be an inspector in disguise the public analyst earns a fee; The Legislature has, however, afforded to vendors a loophole of escape by enacting that if due notice is given, to the purchaser of the fact .that the article sold is a mixture, the sale is lawful. But to what extent may the "mixture" take place? The Full Court had to consider this in a recent case, in which the defendant had sold a bottle of "limejuice," which was shown to contain little, if any, juice of the lime, but various harmless ingredients of a like character. The defendant pleaded notice, but the Court pointed out that such a defence would be all very well in the case, say, of watered whisky or of diluted lime; juice, but that it was inadmissible where the mixture was practically wholly made up of ingredients other than the particular one under the name of whicli it was sold. That is to say, even with dugs -notice the article must be substantially Ssvhat it pre tends to be. QUASI-CBWINAL APPEALS. A very important principle of law lay concealed amongst the legal verbiage of a .particularly dry argument before tbe Full Court the other day. Can a man who has been acquitted on a charge in respect of which he is liable to imprisonment be tried again for the same offence? Generally,every, nine men out of every ten would say emphatic cally, "No!" And so far as the regular criminal courts are concerned the nine would be right. But is this rule of once acquitted for ever acquitted effective in trials before magistrates? Evidently not. There is power, it seems, to obtain from the Supreme Court an order to review the. decision of justices who, having heard a charge on the merits, have dismissed it, and the Supreme Court will, apparently, not. necessarily consider itself bound by the find' ings of-the justices on tlie facts, but may. go behind them and remit the case for re*_ hearing. Such is the somewhat striking re-. 6ult of the language of'the Justices Act of Victoria. One can imagine the ghosts of the great criminal lawyers of the past, turning uneasily in their graves at this pro fanation of one of the clearest of their maxims. But we live in times, of develop ment in these colonies-especially when laws are made on the spur of the moment. A DECAYED FENCE. Simple questions lyiug at the root of everyday life every now and then give rise to elaborate discussions of legal principle , in the old country. The latest instance iA point arose through the act of a small boy, <who, whilst "lawfully using the highway" Xto be exact), had his attention attracted by sundry other small boys in a field on the opposite side of a fence that lined the highway. The small boy probably meant to climb over the fence. Directly, how ever, he placed his foot upon it,, the nearest post ana some Tails fell down, being de cayed, and injured the lad. - Question-xYaa '-the owner of the fence.liable in damages? The'Court held that be was. . In answer to -the view- that the boy bad-no right, ia using th& highway, to pot J&ybot; upon tbe l«ce, it w»B f^Ued^^t^eJOtfner of tie aaj&ent; land had nfTf^ht tolefve abutting upon public street a Structure- in wi im8&fe; «bnaition» and that fee had, in fact, ' created jf'dan^erous nuisince, of which any. person suffering therefrom might fitly c&mj; plain. The tinder years of the plaintiff (who sued, ofcotirse, by his next friend) entered soinewhat into the consideration of the case, for a person of ma^urer age : might have been reasonably expected t® \- foresee and guard against the risk. 