THE CHRISTIAN. Br HALL CAINE, Author of ' The Manxman,' ' The Deemster, ' 'The Scapegoat,' 'The Last Confession,' 'The Bondsman,' &c.; to the Reader of 'Tuk Christian.'— In miking a picture of what I take to be the g£eat intellectual movement of our time iu England and in America— the movement towards Christian Socialism— I have been irresistibly drawn from the general study of types to the particular study of individual persons, living: ani dead ; and following good precedent, I have freely used the savings and doings and in some instances the letters of recognisable people. It ia inevitable, and perhapt desirable, that this should ba observed; but lest there should be any tendency to draw the natural inference that individual portrait! are intended, I take the opportunity of saying that! dare not claim any authority, except that of the irre sponsible story-teller, and the scenes described in thia story are not always to be identified with the localitiei wherein I have placed them. — Hall Caink. [Published by special arrangement with the Author. Ml rights reaemed. J Chapter XIV. Half an hour afterwards there came to tho door of the orphanage the single loud thud that is the knock of the poor. An upper window was opened and a tremulous voioa from the street below cried, 'Glory ! Mis» Gloria !' It was Agatha Jones. Glory hastened downstairs and found the girl in great agita tion. One glance at her face in the caudla light seemed to tell all. ' You've found him f ' Yes, he's hurt— he's . . .' '13e calm, child, tell me everything,' said Glory, aud Aggie delivered her message. Since leaving Ilolloway Father Storm had been followed and found by means of the dog: The crowd had set on him and knocked hijn down and injured him. He was now lying in Aggie's room. There had been nowhere elso to take him to, for the men had disappeared the moment he was down and the women wero afraid to take him in. The police had come at last and they wera now gone for the doctor. Mrs. Pincher was with the father and the poor dog was dead. Glory held her hand over her heart whila Aggie told her story. 'I follow you,' sh» said. ' Did you tell him I was hero? Did ho send you to fetch me ?' j ' He didn't speak,' said Aggie. 'Is he unconscious?' 'Yes.' 'I'll go with you at once.' Hurrying across the streets by Glory's side Aggie apologised for her room again. ' I down't live thet wy now, you know,' she said. 'It may seem strange to you, but while my little boy was alive I couldn't go into tha streets to save my life — I couldn't do it. And when 'is pore father died lahst week . . .' The stone stairs to the tenement house wera thronged with women. They stood huddled together in groups like sheep in a storm. There was not a man anywhere visible, excepfc a drunken sailor, who was coming down from an upper story whistling and singing. The women silenced him. Had he no feelings ? 'The doctor's came, sister,' said a woman standing by Aggie's door. Then Glory entered ths room. The poor disordered place was lit by a cheap lamp, which threw splashes of light and left tracks of shadow. John lay on the bed, muttering words that were inaudible. Hia coat and waistcoat had been removed and his shirt was open at the neck. The high wall of his forehead was marble white, but his cheeks were red and feverish. One of his artns lay over the side of the bed, and Glory took it up and held it. Her great eyes wore moist, but she did not cry, neither did she speak not move. The doctor was bathing a wound at) the back oE the head, and he looked up and nodded as Glory entered. At the other side of the bed an elderly woman in a widow'9 cap was wiping her eyes with her apron. When the doctor was going away Glory followed him to the door. ' Is he seriously injured, doctor?' 'Very.' The doctor was a young man quick, brusque, and emphatic. 'Not danger . . .' 'Yes. The brutes have done for him. nurse, though you needn t tell his. friends so. 'Then— there is— no chance— whatever ?' ' Not a ghost of a chance. By the way you might try to find out where his friends are and send a line to them. I'll be hero in the morn ing. Good night !' Glory staggered back to the room with her hand pressed liard over her heart, and the young, doctor, going downstairs two steps at a stride, met a police sergeant aud' ft reporter coming up. ' Cruel business, sic !' 'Yes, but just one of those things that can't easily bo brought home to anybody.. Sad, though 1 Very sad !' The short aigMf seemed aa it. it would never , end. Wnen daylight came the cheerless plaoa was cleared of its refuse— its withered roses, ita cigarette ends, and its heaps of lef t-pff cloth ing. Towards 8 o'clock Glory hurried back to tho orphanage, leaving Aggie and Mm. Pinoher in oharge. John had baen muttering tha whole night through, but he had never once moved and he was still unconscious. '. . 'Good morning, Bister 1' i 'Good morning, children 1' : The little faces, fresh and bright from sleep, were waiting for their breakfast. When the meal was over Glory wrote by express to Mrs. Callender and to the Father Superior of the brotherhood, then put on her bonnet and cloak and turned towards Downing-street. The Prime Minister had held an early Cabinet Oounoil that morniug. It was observed by his colleagues that he looked depressed and i preoccupied. When the business of the day was done he rose to his feet rather feebly and Bftid : — ! ' My Lords and Gentlemen, I have long had it in my mind to eay something— some- thing of importance — and I feel the impulse to say it now. We have been doing our best with legislation affecting the Church, to give due reality and true life to its relation with the State. But the longer I live the more I feel that that relation is in itself a false one, injurious and even dangerous to both alike. Never in history, .so far as I know, and cer tainly never within my own experience, has it been possible to maintain the union of Church and State without frequent adultery and corruption. The effort to do so has resulted in manifest impostures in sacred tilings, in ceremonies without spiritual significance, and in gross travesties of the solemn worship of God. Speaking of our own Church I will not disguise my belief that Tout for the good and true men who are always to be found within its pale it could not survive the frequent disregard of principles which lie deep in the theory of Christianity. Its epicureanism, its regard for the interests of the purse, its tendency to rank the administrator above the apostle are weeds that spring up out of the soil of its marriage with the State. And when I think of the anomalies and inequalities of its internal government, of its countless poor clergy, and of its lords and princeB, above all when I remember its apostolic pretensions and the certainty that he who attempts to live within the Church the real life of the apostles will incur the risk of that martyrdom which it has always pro nounced against innovators. I cannot but believe that the consciences of many Church men would be glad to be relieved of a burden of State temptation which they feel to be hurtful and intolerable— to render unto C;esar the tilings which are Cassar's, and unto God the things that are God's. Be that as it may, 1 have now to tell you that feeling this ques tion to be paramount, yet despairing of dealing with it in the few years that old age has left to me, I have concluded to resign my office. It is for some younger statesman to fight this battle of the separation between the spiritual and the temporal in the interests of true religion and true civilisation. God grant he may be a Christian man, and God speed aud Uod bless him.' The Cabinet broke up with manv unwonted expressions of affection for the old leader, and many requests that he should 'think again' over the step he contemplated. Bv.t, everyone knew that he had set his heart on an impos sible enterprise, and everyone felt tl;at behind it lay the painful impulse of an incident reported at length in the newspapers that morning. Left alono in the Cabinet room, tlie Prime Minister drow up his chair before the empty grate and gave way to tender memories. He thought of John Sfcorm and the wreck his life had fallen to, of John's mother and her brave renunciation of love, and finally of himself aud his near retirement. A spasm of the old lust cf power came over him and he saw himself — to-roorrow, next day, next week— delivering np his seals of office to the Queen and then — the next day after that— getting up from this chair for the last time and going out of this room to return to it no more — his work done, his life ended. It was at that moment the footman came to eay that a young lady in the dress of a nurse ?was waiting in the hall. ' A messenger from John,' he thought. And as he rose to receive her, heavily, wearily, and with the burden of his years upon him, Glory camo into the room with her quivering face and two great tear drops standing in her eyes, but glowing with jouth and health and courage. ' Sit down, sit down. But . ...' looking at her again, 'have you been here before f ' 'Never, tny lcrd.' 'I have seen you somewhere.' \- ' I was an actress once. And I am a friend of John's.' 'Of John's? Then you are . . .' 'I am Glory.' 'Glory ! And eo wo meet at last, dear lady ! out I have seen you before. When he spoke of you, but did not bring you to Bee me, I took a stolen glance at the theatre myself . . .' 'I 'have left it, my lord.' 'Left it?' And then Ehe told him what she had done. His old eyes glisteued and his head Bauk into his breast. ' It wasn't that I came to talk about, my lord, but another and more painful matter.' 'Can I relieve you of the burden of your message, my child ? It has reached me already. It is in all the morning newspapers.' ' I didn't think of that. Still the doctor told me to . . .' 'What does the doctor say about him ';' 'He says ? '' 'Yes?' ' He says we are going to lose him.' 'I have sent for a great surgeon. . . . But no doubt it is past help. Poor bey ! It seems only yesterday that he came up to London so full of hope and expectation. I can Bee him now with his great eyes, sitting in that chair you occupy, talking of his plans and purposes. Poor John ! To think he should Come to this ! But these tumultuous souls, whose hearts are battlefields, when the battle is over what can bo left but a waste?' Glory's eyes had dried of themselves and she was looking at the old man with an ex pression of pain, but he went on without ob serving her. 'It is one of the dark riddles of the in scrutable power which rules over life that the good man can go under like that while the evil one lives and prospers.' He rose and walked to and fro before the fireplace. ' Ah well ! The years bring me an ever deepening sadness, an ever-increasing sense of our impotence to diminish the infinite sorrow of the world.' ; Then he looked down at Glory and said, ? 'But I can hardly forgive him that he has thrown away so much for so little. And when I think of you, my child, and of all that might have been and then of the bad end he has come to . . .' 'But I don't call it coming to a bad end, eir,' said Glory in a quivering voice. ' No ? To be torn and buffeted and trampled down in the streets ?' 'What of it? He might have died of old age in his bed and yet come to a worse end than that,' ' True, but still . . .' ' If that is coming to a bad end I shall have to believe that my father, who was a mis sionary, came to a bad end too when he was killed by the fevers of Africa^ Every martyr cornea to a bad end if that is a bad ending. And bo doeB everybody who is brave and true and does good to humanity and is willing to die for it. But it isn't bad. It's glorious I I would rather be the daughter of a man who died like that than be the daughter of an earl, and if I could have been tho wife of one who was torn and trampled down in the streets by the very people ? ' But her face, which had been aflame, broke into tears again, and her voice failed her. lhe old man could not speak, and there was silence for a moment. Then she recovered herself and said quietly— 'I came to ask you ifyouoould do toaui thine for me.' 'What is it?' 'You may have heard that John wished me to marry him?' ' Would to God you had done so ! ' That was when everybody was praising him.' 'Well?' ' Everybody is abusing him now and railing at him and insulting him.' 'Well?' 'I want to marry him at last if there is a way — if you think it is possible and can be managed.' 'But you say he is a dying man.' 'That's why. When he oomes to himself he will be thinking as you think— that his life has been a failure, and I want somebody to be there and say ' It isn't ; it is only beginning. It is the grain of mustard seed that must die ; but it will live in the heart of humanity for ages and ages to come and I would rather take up your name, injured and insulted aa it is, than win all the glory the world has in it.'' The tears were coursing down the old man's face and for eome minuted he did not attempt to spsak. Then he said — ' What you propose is quite possible. It will be a canonical marriage, but it will take some little time to arrange. I must send across to Lambeth Palace. Towards evening I can go down to where he lies and take the license with me. Meantime, speak to a clergy man and have everything in readiness.' He walked with Glory down the lone: cor ridor and there he kissed her on the forehead and said — 'I've long known that a woman can be brave, but meeting you this morning has taught me something else, my child. Time and again I thought John's love of you was near to madness. He was ready to give up everything for it — everything. Aud he was right. Love like your's is the pearl of pearls and he who wins it is a prince of princes?' Later the same day, when the Prime Minister was sitting alone in his room, a mem ber of his Cabinet brought him an evening paper containing an article which was making a deep impression in London. It was under stood to be written by a journalist of Jewish extraction : — ' ' HIS BLOOD BE ON US AND ON OUR CHILDREN.' 'Thi9 prediction has been for 1,800 years the expression of an historical truth. That the whole Jewish nation, and not Pilate or the rabbla- of Jerusalem, killed Jesus is a fact which every Jew has been made to feel down to the present day. But let the Christian nation th.it is without sin towards the founder of Christianity first cast a stone at the Jews. If it is true, aa Jesus Himself said, that he who offers a cup of cold water to the least of His little ones offers it to Him, then it is also true that he who inflicts torture aud death on His followers crucifies Him afresh. The unhappy man who has been miserably murdered in the slums of West minister was a follower of Jesus if ever there lived one, and whosoever the actual persons may be who are guilty of His death, the true culprit is the Christian nation which has in flicted mockeries and insults on everybody who has dared to stand alone under the ensign of Christ. ' Let us not be led away by sneers. This man, whatever his errors, his weaknesses, his self-delusions, and his many human failings, was a Christian. He was the prophet of woman in relation to humanity as hardly any one since Jesus lias ever been. And he is hounded out of life. Thus, after nineteen cen turies, Christianity presents the same charac teristics of frightful tyranny which disfigured the old Jewish law. ' We have a law, and by our law ho ought to die.' Such is the sentence still pronounced on reformers in a country I where civil and religious laws are confounded. God grant the other half of that doom may not also come true — 'His blood be on us and on our children.' ' Chatlek XV. There was a crowd of people of all sorts out side the tenement house when Glory returned to Brown's-square and even the stairs were thronged with them. 'The nurse!' they whispered as Glory appeared and they made a way for her. Aggie was on the landing, wiping her eyes and answering tho questions of strangere, being half afraid of the notoriety her poor room was achieving and half proud of it 'The laidy 'as came, Mis3 Gloria, and she sent me to tell you to wyte 'ere for 'er a minute.' Then putting her head in at the open door she beckoned, and Mrs. Callendor came out. 'Hush! He's coming to. The poor laddie. Hn's been calling for ye, and calling and calling. Eut ho thinks ye'ro in heaven together, seemingly, so ye must no say any thing to shock him. Come your ways in now, aud tak' care, lassie.' John was still wandering and the light of another world was in his eyes, but he was smiling and he appeared to see. 'Where is she?' he said, in the toneless voice of one who talks in his sleep. 'She's here now. Look! She's close be side ye.' Glory advanced a step and Etood beside the bed, struggling with herself not to fall upon his breast. He looked at her with a smile, but without any surprise, and said — ' I know that you would come to meet me, Glory. How happy you look. We shall both be happy now.' Then his eyes wandered about the poor ill furnished apartment and he said — ' How beautifnl it is here ! And how light some the air is ! Look ! The golden gates ! And the seven golden candlesticks ! And the sea of glass like unto crystal ! And all the innumerable company of the angels !' Aggie, who had returned to the room, was crying audibly. ' Are you crying, Glory ? Foolish child to cry. But I know— I understand. Put your dear hand in mine, my child, and we will go together to God's throne and say, 'Father, you must forgive us two. We were but mau and woman and we could not help but love eaoh other, though it was a fault and for one of us it was a sin.' And God will forgive us, be cause Ho made us so and because God is the God of love.' Glory could bear no more. 'John,' she whispered. He raised himself on his elbow and held his head aslant, like one who listens to a Bound that comes from a distance. 'John?' 'That's Glory's voice.' ' It is Glory, dearest.' The serenity in his face gave way to a look of bewilderment). 'But Glory is dead.' 'No, dear, she is alive, and she will never leave you again.' 'What place is this?' ' This is Aggie's room.' ' Aggie I' 'Don't you remember Aggie? One of the poor girls you fought and worked for.' ' Is it your spirit, Glory ?' ' It is myself, dearest ; my very, very self.' Then a great joy came into his eyes, his breast heaved, his breath came quiok, and without a word more he stretched out his arms. 'It is Glory! She is alive! My God ! Oh, my God I' 'Do you forgive me, Glory?' 'Forgive ? There is nothing to forgive you for — except loving me too well.' ' My darling ! My darling ! I thought I was in heaven, Glory, but I am like poor Buckingham— only half way to it yet. Have I been unconscious ?' Glory nodded her head. 'Long?' 'Since last night.' ' Ah, I romember everything now. I was knocked down in tho streets, wasn't I ? The men did it— Pincher, Hawkins, and the rest.' 'They shall be punished, John,' Baid Glory, in a quivering voice. ' As sure as heaven's above us and there's law in the land. 'Aye, aye, laddie,' from somewhere by the door, 'mak'yersel' sure o' that. There'll be never a man o' them but he'll hang for it, same as a polecat on a barnyard gate.' But John shook his head. ' Poor fellows ! They didn't understand. When they come to see what they've done . . . ' Lord, Lord, lay not this sin to their charge.' ' She had wiped away the tears that sprung to her eyes and was sitting by his side and smiling. Her white teeth were showing, her red lips were twitching, and her face was full of sunshine. He was holding her hand and gazing at her constantly as if he could not allow himself to lose sight of her for a moment. 'But I'm half sorry, for all that, Glory,' he said. 'Sorry?' ' That we are not both in the other world, for there you were my bride, I remember, and all our pains were over.' Then her sweet face colored up to the fore head and she leaned over the bed and whis pered, 'Ask me to be your bride in this one, dearest.' ' I can't— I daren't !' 'Are you thinking of the vows?' 'No,' emphatically. 'But . . . lam a dying man. I know that quite well. And what right have I ...' She gave a little gay toss of her golden head. 'Pooh! Nobody was ever married because he had a right to be exactly.' 'But there is your own profession —your great career.' She shook her head gravely. 'That's all over now.' ' Eh ?' reaching up on his elbow. 'When you had gone and nearly every body was deserting your work I thought I should like to take up a part of it.' 'And did you?' She nodded. 'Blessed be God ! Oh, God is very good !' and he lay back and panted. She laughed nervously. 'Well, are you determined to make me ashamed ? Am I to throw myself at your head, sir? Or perhaps you are goiug to refuse me after all.' ' But why should I burden all the years of your life with the name of a fallen man? I am dying in disgrace, Glory.' 'No, but in honor— great, great honor I These few bad days will be forgotten soon, dearest - quite, quite forgotten. And in the future time people will come to me and say — girls, dearest, brave, brave girls, who are fighting the battle of life like men— they will come and say ' And did you know him ? Did you really, really know him.?' And I will smile triumphantly and answer them, 'Yes, for he loved me and he is mine and I am his for ever and for ever.'' ' It would be beautiful ! We could not come together in this world, but to be unitpd for all eternity on the threshold of the next ? ' 'There ! Say no more about it for it's all arranged anyhow. The Father has been per suaded to read the service and the Prime Minister is to bring the Archbishop's license and it's to be to-day — this evening— and . . and I'm not the first woman who has settled everything herself.' Then she began to laugh and he laughed with her, and they laughed together ia spite of his weakness and pain. At tho next moment she was gone like a gleam of sunshine before a cloud, and Mrs. Callender had coine back to the bedside, tying up the strings of her old-fashioned bonnet. ' She's gold, laddie, that's what yon Glory is— just gold.' 'Aye, tried in the firo and tested,' he re plied, aud then the back of his head began to throb fiercely. Glory had filed out of the room to cry, and Mrs. Callender joined her on the landing. ' I maun awa', lassie. I'd like fine to stop wi' ye, but I can't. It minds me of the time my Aleo left me, and that's 40 lang years the day, but he seems to have been with mo ever syne.' ' Where's Glory T 'She's coming, father,' said Aggie, and at the sound of her name Glory wiped her eyes and returned. ' And was it by my being lost tha't you came here to Westminster and found me ?' 'Yes, and myself as well.' 'And I thought my life had been wasted ? When one thinks of God's designs one feels humble— humble as the grass at one's feet. . . . But are you sure you will never re gret?' 'Never.' 'Nor look back?' She tossed her head again. 'Call me Mrs, Lot at once and have done with it.' 'It's wonderful ! What a glorious work is before you, Glory ! You'll take it up where I have left it and oarry it on and on. You are nobler than I am, and stronger, far stronger, and purer and braver. And haven't I said all along that what the world wants now is a great woman ! I had the pith of it all, though — I saw the true light— but I was not worthy. I had sinned and fallen and didn't know my own heart and was not fit to enter into the promised land. It is somettiing, nevertheless, that I see if a long way off. And if I have been taken up to Sinai and heard the thunders ot the everlasting law ? ' 'Hush, dear, somebody is coming.' It was the great surgeon whom tho Prime Minister had sent for. He examined the in juries carefully and gave certain instructions. 'Mind you do this, Bister,' and that, and the other. But Glory could ⅇ that he had no hope. To relieve the pain in the head he wanted to administer morphia, but John re fused to have it. 'I am going into the presence of the King,' he said. ' Let me have all my wits about me.' While the doctor was there the police ser geant returned with a magistrate and the re porter. 'Sorry to intrude, but bearing your patient was now conscious ? ' and then he prepared to take John's deposition. The reporter opened his notebook, the police magistrate stood at the foot of the bed, the doctor at one side of it and Glory at the other side, holding John's hand and quivering. ' Do you know who struck you, sir V There was silence for a moment; and then came 'Yes.' 'Who was it?' There was another pause, and then, 'Don't ask me.' ' But your own evidence will be most valu able ; and, indeed, down to the present we have no other. Who was it, sir V ' I can't tell you.' 'Bui why?' There was no answer. 'Why not give me the name of the scoun drel who took — I mean attempted to take your life?' Then in a voice that was hardly audible, with his head thrown back and his eyes on tho ceiling, John said— ' Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do.' It was useless to go further. Glory saw tho four men to the door. 'You must keep him quiet,' Baid the doctor. 'Not that anything can save him, but he is a man of stubborn will ? ' And Jtho police mairisti- ate said— 'It may be all very fine to forgive your eneiniep, but everybody has his duty to society as well as to himself.' 'Yes, yes,' said Glory, 'the world has no room for greater hearts than its own.' The police magistrate looked at her in be wilderment. 'Just ao,' he said, and disap peared. ' Where is she now, my girl ?' 'She's 'ere, father.' 'Hush !' Baid Giory, coming back to the room. 'The doctor says you are not to talk so much.'' ' Then let mo look at you, Glory. Sit here — here — and if 1 should seem to be suifering you must not mind that, because I am really very happy.' Just then an organ man in the street began to play. Glory thought the music might dis turb John and 4-hn was going to send Aggie to stop it, but his face brightened and ho said, 'Sing for me. Glory. Let me hear your voice. The organ was'playing a ooon song and she sang the words of it. They weresimplo words, ohildish words, almost babyish, but full of tenderness and love. The little black boy could think of nothing but his Loo-loo. In the night when he was sleeping ho awoke and he was weeping, for he was always, always dreaming of his Loo-loo, his Loo-loo ! When the song was finished they took hands and talked in whispers, though they were alone in the room now and nobody could hear them. His white face was very bright and her moist eye3 were full of merriment. They 'grew foolish in their tenderness and played with eaoh other like little children. There were recollections of their early life in the little island homo, memories of years concentrated into an hour — humorous stories and touches of mimicry. ''0 Lord, open thou our lips. . . . Where are you, Neilus ?' ' Aw, here I am, your rivernnoe, and my tongue shall show forth Thy praise.' ' All at once John's face saddened and he said, 'It's a pity, though !' 'A pity?' 'I suppose the man who carries the flag always gets ' potted,' as they say. But some body muit carry it.' Glory felt her tpars gathering. 'It's a pity that I have to go before you, Glory.' She ahook her head to keep the tears from flowing, and then answnrod gaily, 'Oh, that's only aa it should be. I want a little while to think it all out you know, and then — then I'll pass over to you, just as we fall asleep at night and pass from day to day.' Aud then he lay back with a sigh and said, 'Well, I have had a happy end at all events.' Chapteu XVI. The day had been fine, with a rather fierce sun shining until late in the afternoon, and long white clouds lying motionless in a. deep blue sky like celestial sandbanks in a celestial sea. ? But the tender and tempered splendor of the evening had come at length, with the sun gone over the house-tops to the north-west and its solemn afterglow, like the wings of angels sweeping down. London was unusually quiet after the roar and turmoil of tho day. The great city lay like a tired ocean. And like an ocean it seemed to sleep, full of its living as well aa its dead. In a little square which stands on the fringe of the slums of Westminster and has a well worn church in the middle, and tenement houses, institutions, add workshops around its sides, a strange crowd had gathered. It consisted for the greater part of persons who are generally thought to be beyond the sym pathies of life, the 'priestesses of society,' who are the lowest amonfj women. But they stood there for noura in silence, or walked about with dazed looks, glancing up at the window of a room on the second storey which glittered with tho rays of the dying day. Their friend and champion was near to his death in that room and they were waiting for the last news of him. The Prime Minister had kept his promise. Walking across Downing-street his face had baen clouded, as if he was thinking out the riddles of the inscrutable Power which stood to him for God. But when he came to the square and looked round at. the people hi3 eyes brightened, and he went on with resignation and even content. The women made way for him with whispered explanations of who ho was, and he walked through them to the room upstairs. The room was nearly full already, for the Father Superior had come, bringing lay brother Andrew along with him, and ^Aggie wa3 sitting in a corner and Mrs. Pincher was moving about, and there was also a stranger present. And though the little place was so mean and poor it was full of soft radiance from the sky, and people walked about in it with a glow upon their faces. Glory was by the bedside, standing erect and saying nothing. Her eyes were glistening with unshed tears and sometimes her mouth was twitching. John Storm was consoious and very quiet. Holding Glory's hand as if he could not part with it he was looking round with tho expression of the soldier who haa done the fearful, perhaps the foolish and foolhardy, thing, and scaled the walls of the enemy. He is lying with the enemy's shot in his breast now and with death in his eyes, but he is smiling proudly for all that, because he knows that the army is coming on. The superior had brought from the brotherhood the picture of the head of Olirist in its crown of thorns to hang on the wall at the end of the bed, and the light from the window made flickering gleams on the glass and they were refleoted on to his face. Hnrdly anybody spoke. As soon as tho Prime Minister arrived he took a paper from his pocket) and gave it to the stranger, who glanced at it and bowed. Then they all gathered about the bed, and the superior opened a book which he had carried in his hands, and in solemn accents began to read — 'Dearly beloved, we are gathered together in the sight of God ? ' Brother Andrew, who was kneeling at the foot of the bed, whined like a dog, and some women on the landing, who were peering in at the open door, whispered among themselves, ' It's the Holy Communion. Hush !' John's power did not fail him. He made his responses in a clear voice, although his last strength was thrilling along the thread of life. And Glory, when her turn came, was brave too. There was just a touch of the old hoarseness in her gloriouB voice, a Blight quivering of the lids of her glistening eyes,' and then she went on to the end without faltering. 'I, Glory Quale, 'I, Glory Quale, — take thee, John Storm, —take thee, John Storm, —to be my wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, .... to have and to hold from this day forward, — for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, .... in sickness and in health, —to love, cherish, and obey till death us do part, . . . . till death us do part ? ' . ? . ? Amen !' The End. 