“Bonnie Bessie7' everyone called her, . and rightly enough; for of all tin: High land lassies who gathered at the little kirk on Sabbath mornings, not one was half so pretty and -winning as Bessie. Squire Renfrew, of the Red Pass, was desperately in love with Bessie, and sought to make her his wife in spite of difference in rank. The herds at the Red Pass were the finest and largest in the neighborhood; the barn and store houses were always well tilled. He was a bachelor, something over t v-u score 'years old, and he- wanted “Bonnie Bes sie” for his wife. ; "If the lassie ill inks she can- fancy me,” lie said, addressing Bessie’s grand mother, as he stood under the low, brown rafters of the little Black jbynn cottage, .a hot Hush mounting to the shining, crown of liis bald head, "if the lassie thinks she can fancy me, the bar gain’s madfe. I’m ready and. willing.' to lead her to the kirk to-morrow; and; if , a good true husband, a-iitl some gold ! and silver will make her happy, she'll j be us happy as a queen at the Red; Bessie listened with wide, startled eyes, burning cheeks and quivering lips. She- held her pence, standing, tall i and slim, in a sent of stmvned silence, j until her grey-haired lover had taken ] his leave.. Then she burst forth into | vehement-, passionate protest:. j The old grandmother suffered her to •storm until her passion was spent. “Well, 'tis o’er now, and ye’ll simmer down and keep quiet, mebbe. I've iet ye have your say, and now I'll have mine. We’re poor folk, me and you. I found it hard to get bread when I had but rnv own mouth to feed; and since I’ve been burdened wi’ you I’ve gone to bed many a night fit to cry wi’ hunger. But I’ve borne it all, an’ done my best, an’ always been willing to gi! you a share o’ my last crust.” “But, dearest grandma -” “Now. loolcee here, my lass." inter rupted- the old- woman, lifting hen bony finger, and glowering fiercely upon Bes sie; “if ye’re fule enou’ to refuse this good fortin’. that ends it 'twixt us two. You pack out o’ my house, and ne’er cross the threshold again.” Bessie was silent. The great world beyond the Highland peaks seemed so dim and- far away, and the old home scenes were so familiar. The. autumn days drifted on, and in the spring time she was going to the kirk with Squire Renfrew, and he made his wife. . ; The spring time came and the wed ding day was close at'hand, when, one evening, just before the gloaming, Bes sie went to fill her pitcher, as usual, at j the rocky spring near by. She had ac complished her task, and lifted the pitcher to her shoulder, and bad started for the cottage,' her white,, shapely feet twinkling prettily below the short petti coat as/she stepped from stone to stone in crossing the. little brawling stream, when suddenly she uttered a stifled cry, and, staggering to a moss-grown boul der, sat down and put the pitcher has tily on the ground, pressing her hand7 on. her heart, and trembling all over. “It’s liis ghaist; it’s his ghaist!” she cried, “and oh, how sair he looked at me!" Whatever she had seen, or fancied she had seen, there was nothing in sight when she next looked up; nothing, ex cept the overhanging rocks in the even ing light, and the white birch trees swaying spectrally against the sky. “He has come from his grave.” she cried, glancing fearfully around. “ I dare, na, dare na do.it. Oh! forgive me, Jamie, that I ever thought o’ it.” She drew a.silken cord, which en circled her throat, from her bosom, as she spoke, and kissed the slender hoop of silver which depended from it. “I’ll never lia’ peace if I marry the squire," she said, “and I ought no to lia’. it; I shall feel I am a traitor. And, oh ! Jamie, Jamie, after all, I love no out; but you, and never can.” Suddenly she rose, with resolution stamped on every feature. “I must give the squire his ring back.” she said, brushing the last tears from her eye. “It is hard on him, but there is no other way. Then Jamie, then, perhaps, you’ll forgive me, dear.” Leaving her pitcher there, she tossed back her abundant locks, as she finished this adjuration, and went speeding away, through the falling darkness,with the light foot of a chamois. When she reached the Red Pass, the bright glow of the warm ingle-side lit the windows. She approached the near est one, and pressed her sad, tired, yet resolute, face against the glass. A minute, and she tapped, lightly against the glass. The squire turned quickly, stared, and then started to his feet. “Well, now, well, now, what’s the meaning o’ this?” he cried, rushing across the room and throwing up the window. “Bessie, my lassie, what’s happened?” “Something that never should ha’ happened,” she answered, looking- at him with a sort of desperate defiance, and drawing the gold ring from her finger as she spoke. “I’ve come ;to give this back to you. Squire Renfrew. I was wrong ever to let you put it on.” “Why, child, what do you mean?” “Take your ring,” she said. “You’ve heard of ‘Auld Robin Gray,’ maybe, haven’t you?” “Yes, I have. But what then?” “Weil, I had a Jamie once,” she went on. clutching at the little silver ring suspended from her neck, a great throb of pain shaking her; “he gave me this, and I can’t ever wear any other ring. He—he—went off to seek his fortune,” with another suppressed sob, "and he was lost at sea. I tried to forget him; but I cannot. I can’t keep my promise to you, Squire Renfrew. I—I couldn’t feel like she did to ‘Auld Robin Gray—I should hate you, I should.” And here she brake down completely. “So.” he said, slowly, “you have come to. tell me this, and to ask your free dom? And you realty think, too, you have scon Jamie's ghost?” “Yes. And I shall never return to grandmother again. I dare not. So I am going away." “Bessie, my darling,” cried a voice, as his strong arm clasped her. The next moment she was on the breast of her lover, who had come back alive and safe. A few days after there was a happy marriage at the kirk. Squire Renfrew himself giving away the bride, our “Bonnie Bessie.”—“New York News.” 