UNDER CANVAS. ' Review of the Sham Fight. Seeing a Ghost . . TI-IE CAMP, .Tuesday. Raln .descended in torrents on the. sleeping camp early tv.ls morning, but it hail di minished to a faint . drizzle when reveille Bounded and operations conimenced for tho clay. The troops were in need of a rest after cue neavy n.arcmng, ntuuuorn sham fight, and the review la the presence of the G.O.C. yes terday afternoon. The elements of war and peace, carnage and festivity were in an in congruous blend during tire sham fight be yond Mount Pleasant and Carter's Clearing. The clearing Is an eminence commanding a view of a sparsely inhabltated, broad, undu lating stretch of country, extending to the eastern outskirts of Parramattd. Major Par- rott, un experienced soldier, with the subtle ties of war at his finger-tips, excelled himself with his Engineers in preparing the defence of the clearing, which was the object of attack. There were not tho facilities for the Ideal de fence possible at Sugarloaf II111, out of Camp- belltown, but tho Major raised formidable ob structions which would have been death-traps to actual Invaders. A line of excavations, or shelter pits, was cut across tho hill, and the earth was piled In front, additional security and strength being glvon by sand-bags, with loopholes for the marksmen to pour, out a deadly lire. Nearly 50 yards In front a line of bush or abatlls was placed as a further cover, for which trees In the dtetrlct had beqn denuded of their boughs. The mechanical contrivances supposed to be hidden within them were left to imagination, but as it was, tho bushes proved the discomfiture of scores of the attacking party. C»>loncl Smith, R.A., rode rpund.hfs lines, and after critically viewing the arrangements' for de- fonee expressed satisfaction. On the loft a cottage represented a redan and on the right there was a redoubt. In order to gain earliest Information of the movements of the enemy the electrical section of tho Engineers, RAN A TELEPHONE WIRE. Into the field, and reported progress when tho glasses gave tlie first view of the attacking division. The Engineers tdok down the lino at the last moment, and effected a thrilling and brilliant retreat, just in time to eseapo annihilation. The Engineers manned tlie . trenches, the Australian Horse were utilised In a belt ol' scrub, the National Guard fought In line with the Engineers, and the Naval Brigade, amid great cheering, arrived as a lute reinforcement at the double, under Com mander Llndoman, with two machine guns. The battle openod In the scrub, with fitful musketry fire; tho outposts according, to the pre-avranged scheme were driven back, and the Engineers, National Guard and Naval Brigade, niuch Inferior in -numbers to the enemy, retaliated gallantly. "A" Battery re plied to the . opposing artillery,' and the THUNDER OF THE GUNS rolled and reverberated with a realism which roused an Intensity of feeling among the spec tators. For a while the enemy hesitated, and " the'applause. showed that the defenders had the sympathy of the observers. The enemy adopted the plan of battle patrols to protect the left llanlc, where it was believed the fight ing would be very bitter. After exchanges between the skirmishing parties the brunt fell on tho heavy gunB, and superiority In numbers was granted to have been instru mental in destroying the field pieces on the hill. The infantry then played Its part, there was a brilliant attack under ambus cade, the crowd became feveriBlily excited, In an inspiration of frenzy there were Bhiicks from women appealing to the defenders, but the inrush was Irresistible, the Lancers, Mounted Rifles and Infantry, were over whelming, the abattls proved a temporary obstruction, the volleys pealed In murderous succession, the defenders fell back, and Car ter's Clearing waB In the hands of tho enemy.' A deplorable nuisance was occasioned by the encroachment of spectators. This Is addi tional evidence against the selection of Rook- wood for an extensive camp. Not only Is tlie space too small for successful manoeuvring on parade, but 20,000 spectators on a big day are a fatal obstruction to the maintenance of order. In the Interests of the service a more distant field Is desirable; ns a more theatrical show for 'the people the argument, of course, Is on- the other side. ' The ques tion Is whether military efficiency Is more desirable than gratification to spectators. The march past on the divisional parade ground was a repetlton of previous evolu tions. The general and staff, at the saluting base, were surrounded by a number of visi tors from tho city. There were politicians, who said they had travelled up to get a glimpse of tho Major— the . only Mnjor— the moustached and magnificent Major Nelld. Proceedings were successful, and tho Naval Brigade and the sombre-uniformed AUSTRALIAN HORSE were applauded. In tho gallop past the Horse was rather straggling in formation, and weak in pace, in contradistinction to the Lancers, Artillery, and Mounted Rifles. Last night furnished a unique page In the annals of this lugubrious suburb. The ano maly of a military. CAMP AND CEMETERY within a stretch of a mile forced Itself op tho mind, when departing detachments rh'us- 'tered in front of a hotel and sang lustily all the popular refrains, 'commencing with "Good Old Jeff," and concluding with "Auld Lang Syne." The cemetery, to 'toll the truth, Is barely visible from the camp, except from the most rising ground, but nevertheless it has been passed round that a uniformed ro- cruit, standing 72 Inches above his spurs, rushed with a soared face Into camp In tho dead of night, PURSUED BY A GHOST, which flitted from the direction of the Necro polis. He refuses to believe lie was not visit ed by one of the goblin inhabitants of tho spirit world, and trembles still rit the pros pect of night duty. That is tho only incident so far associated with spirits. . There were a few interesting events at the volunteer camp. O.n passing through their lines tlie other night two tired specimens of humanity were found colled up on blankets with only a tar paulin underneath to prevent the cold mois ture creeping through. There were no stretchers; officers take their gruel with the privates. They looked exceedingly sleepy and careworn. The first one to be disturbed by the ants woke up, looking very miserable and sad. So did the second officer. A third came on the scene, but the rigidity of his moustache maintained his iron dignity. The first was Mr. Wllks, M.L.A., of Balmain — "five blisters, old man, on each foot, with prospects of more." The second was Mr. Morgan, M.L.A., of the Hawlcesbury— "stiff In every muscle." The third the only Major —"been in my boots 24 hours," and he limped away. . There were other civic notabilities on their backs. They are all wild at a state ment that they are FEATHER-BED SOLDIERS. The Infantry volunteers disappeared ln -laet night's trains with the Naval Brigade. They worked throughout with some enthusiasm, but the dissatisfaction in the quantity of rations, and tho water supply farce, arid cer tain differences have not advanced the vol-. unteer system. ' The references to the rations by the. volun teers and others did not apply to the quality of the goods which were supplied by Mr. Jus. Kidman. On the contrary, Mr. Kidman has been congratulated on their excellence. The discontent was occasioned by the quail- tlty distributed, and .the scant time allowed, for meals between the various manoeuvres. 