BISHOPS HOME MISSION SOCIETY. THE ANNUAL MEETING. WORK OF THE SOCIETY. The mutual meeting of the biabbips home lion Society was hold at the Town Hall on thursday evening There was a crowded at- <*> [?] and the Bishop of Adelaide (dr. *^Jl" Af?^ J IfL ""-a*1 >-rH*'"K^Ms^piJig* Mijiinaju^ win I>e workedby the chaplains —the _ whole cost, to.. the society. .for both j organising" and '.:rnissa.tm'ary - chaplains being \ *30a Perhaj? in this, connection Imay be[ allowed, considering the many years I have taken part in the working of B.H:M.S., to' make a divergence from the mere formal | report so as to express the extreme satisfaction j * f^* ** the appointment of a like-minded; man -to my dear friend, B. C. Stephenson, as! his successor. Jlr. Crawfurd and his coadjutor j bring to the work a hearty zeal and enthusiasm, i and I feel sore their spiritual influence will, j under God's blessing, liavc a- videspreading j effect, and that their labors will tend to the; increased prosperity df the society, as well' temporally as spiritually." - i : The report of the Bishop's Home Mission j Penny Association stau-d :—"Tlie committee| regret that thty cannot report quite so faVor-j ably of the work done by the association during : the past year as tliey eotrid'wiah. The amount j collected during the year has not been as large ■ as in some'foruier/years; but nevertheless a fair total has been realised. We believe the falling OS is not due to any lack ol interest on tho part trf our workers,, but rather .to 1: tho bad season, and to an unavoidable interruption in the progress of the work during the year. We desire to thank ail those who have again helped us as tellers and «)Ueetois. We ask for a continuance ot tbis help, and we should be .wry glad to know oE some recruits to our ranks, which are each year needed to fill the places ol some who cannot for variousreasons continue to collect. Tho resignation during the year of the late organising chaplain—the Yen. AVchdeacon Morse—reminds us of the deep obligation wo are under to him for the kindly interest ho has always shown, and the warm support be, has ever Riven us in our work, iWe .hereby tender him. our bearty thanks for what be has done to help and encourage us during the tune he has' been president of oar committee. We also welcome his successor, the Rev. L. P. Craw ford, whose much valued assistance in the past -leads as to expect from -him, now that' he has become organisingjcbapiain, still more help in tirefuture, and we hope tie Penny Association WiH still "continue to give iim that financial support, in'carrfimt .on work vrf ~the Bishop's Hqme Mission Society, which it has been Riving vis predecessors tor .the past. 12 years." . . ..... '. . Tbo Bishop, who was received with applause, Mid they bad an exceedingly strong platform. The speakers had been well chosen, and he thought they might congratulate themselves on that fact. Two were distinguished ecclesiastics, visitors from other dioceses, -who came to show their sympathy with the work, and to give them their assistance, and the two lay .'msi - were . distinguished residents of the colony who were able to. ,«jesk of the difficulties which beset toe Church in spreading the message throughout the wide and unsettled parts, of South Australia. Three years ago, -when be landed a stranger in the colony, the Dean of Ballarat kindly came to Adelaide.to support him at the 6tst meetingOf the society over Which lie presided; 'IThe "Dean of Bal larac on that occasion was Dean Stretch, who, although be had not gone over to Rome' had gone- -to' ~'Eoma, , which was his sea*-\ as bishop s coadjutor to the Bishop of Brisbane.. They .welcomed Dean 'Parky*, and he had! claims upon them, for he came in ante oi the doctor's orders, fo that he understood the sanctity of ah engagement {Hear,' hear.) The Bishop of Melbourne needed no welcome. They all knew him and Iflned him, and they welcomed him in baring ■lioen";«bte to Bpetaiff the X3hurch Hi-Australis when- so many of^.'-fais *more* brethern were,.' tempering: ~ the " ierioug duties, of. the "work of the Zambezi <Jon^cation, .-with: a little recreatioa in DEng- Jan<£' : fLaugbtecJ , Mr. TjL G.-Blaokmore bad dort-yeoman work for the Church in the cotbtty, and in tha Minister olJiJucation. they hadMajunead^tJuid a prominent memb?tof 9ae Synod, rejoiced to*ave jArpfcncbj JEprua?Ptotgree on \beiHttformUit HlfieTDibb??e of Adelaide." J^i^ooTEortr TiUS jb&searaiKi;&gli; Bambdr of marriages had uoms down- to ar limit iri.Qanitii Ans^raEa, than in any other--jjiepoif'- <dj3an&.ycli£ -jlastif ; ,ltr 6nnstrindeed -i^ a ?3*Maitjing^enices?iOT which' would prevent) younjf! . jairi fng -in the buagVof Samoa. c.(Jjaugbter.) IBey - had, .-however,' sotr-^-to^tbe tottom liear-J ' Bus Respite -the- aiprea«J6n "he1 was"" fgiad- to . -bet. abte' -to..- cay '. that sot ; «oe singte go*' **- tb? vmsny posted.Bisbop'aTpbme'Mifflion'Soifiety beW hah been jr?fittqnishedln, the diocese. (Heat, the Governor, just returned from V trip" to Oodnadatta, told them that"there -was not a (place pf^oai-ip-ftere, but be was glad to tie Jsc,.">, to V«ay tifct^ Mf > iad wiped, away that terrible blot' on JteirXJhristJanity. The missKlo'iOTESiinthenOrtii iaow went to Umt aistant town fora- James, a, year. (Hear, tear.) Kangaroo Island bad been, paced under aiecmreofiPort Adelaide, with tie result that itnoW hadinore constant «ervie?B'and men* effects™ idinmisti*?n, T CB&s;&&l;**}a& fen erected in varioas parts and-other bnfld' ings trare in couee ol erectibn. V'XBaui :haajx) ;At tbe.pr«)ent«oment.4S out «f 83 licensed clergymen of the diocese were supported by^tisni eodety. in addition to'the eatechists, ahff'it was not too much to say tlrft without ito help Qiejr ooujd not be snppojted. Since its fotmd?tio? the society bad" assisted, by way of loan, in the building of 03 chnrciies. Its xooome was tinder £2,230 a' year, of which 43,000 was^dontributed by the of the S;P.G.? "This society absolutely essenfial 'Hor chorcli.'eibmEfon, ami it needed increased, support to enable en?Sng agencies to be keji* «p. WitbouTl this nooety they-irojila nbt tig able to carry on the work they were: doing. They needed development, -aiidtljey.looted tolbe-people to help them to .i?croaevtbeir immbenand.the means of srace: - -As he went iip and down the large 6<ocese tie was struck with the lar^e vareft,wbich -was"covered by a «fpi?fo?-7TTiypH?y ■•'£&& incumbenl* of. Kapnnda faav*lled BO'milee to' hoM^nse cervices on Easter xlays.. Then there was the River. Murray. JDuring (die-past. year, the work of this mission continued to-grow quietly. In addition to the stations already', ministered to services bad been begun at Cellaring Plat, •even mQes'above Manntuh, and at Mt. Mary, ' 15_Tntles inland from Morgan, -on the railway-Ime. li&st; April he visited Ar portion of > the _ j Murray••. between- Mnrray Bridge nud Morgan,-wiimi-he eon- Ixrnied 20 £anaidates? In *SeptomDer tire mis-' jnoner was able to visit: the sheep-stations around Xakes Alexandrina and Albert while was going on, and condnotedE?rvices with, ihe men, who appeared much into-" Tested. '--■ Regiuar visits* bad": also been made to Point Madeay Aboqginaf - MiaMori Station. TneEev. W. .T. BusSeU, the mi?eioner an the Murray, told him .-that be covered 900 miles every six. weeks, anahe bad 30 centres 'where services ware heiJL LA. kind ajoonjinou? donor bad given -£200 for a new steamer to take the place of the Stona, and-had in addition guaranteed the stipend of' another misaioner ■tp help the Bey. Mr. BnsselL (Cheers.) As he: went through the diocese t>f Adelaide and saw the clergymen and the noble way they did.1 -their work and set themselves to carry out the high jdeals they set before them, he felt more and more how unworthy be ;was to be at the head of such a hard-working body. He honestly said that he would not change the clergy of the diocese of Adelaide for any .sat oi clergymen in any part of Christendom. - (Hear, hear.) He looked to the members of the church to do their part in aiding "to carry 'oai the great work in which they were engaged. (Hear, hear.)* ~-:" The Bishop of Melbourne, who was received with cheers, said it was now some 10 ye&rs; since he landed in Adelaide from England, and being a bad sailor he arrived the ghost of his former self. He was told that it was no nse presenting himself in Melbourne unless in a more, salubrions condition, so he etajed for a few days in Adelaide, and he was then able to present himself-in such a condition as toper farm the-workbe Had been called "upon io do. XHear, hear.) Some year? ago.a clergyman Jn New.'jZealand>-he thtoagbt it was, wrote 'a novel. "The Declare and Fall of the Britifib. Empire." (tiaugbter.) They 'were aeked to transfer - themselves to a period 1,000 years in advance of the present day. At that time Australia had become the undisputed head of the Empire. Great Britain bad fallen into decay. There bad been a terrible battle between capital and liArw &nd; the wh'ol£ community "was in con fusion. The gulf Btream had Shifted iteelf 10 deg., and had reduced England io Arctic regions. Some people arrived at what was at «ne tune tie City of London, and they, a party of visitors from Australia,- found thai the place was. full of barbarians. ;Kna£ement-can-high when at bat the sitepojE Wetoinsfer Abbey tad -faeen dnitingnishedT The cold was ab intense th?t the visitors heard toe Bounds of packs of wolves everywhere, and everything was found in a state of decrepitude, and wmi-jtSurb?fism. •■ The friends returned: re joioing in the:pnvileges they, enjoyed inVthe great Und" "they ' innabrted — Australia. (Laughter and hear, hear.) Even if it should be the -oase it would bvfaard to realise. However," :ttey had known in the "past -that, great empires had fallen. Kven if that ih6uldbe,.he doutted not that one day, in the ancient history, jromd, stand out eon- Bpicuoua and would be recollected 'with enthusiasm and pleasure—that was St. Peter's Day, 1847, "when four bishops- were consecrated; in Westminster Abbey, and became the -first bishopa of' Cape Town, Newcastle, Adelaide, and Melbourne. When he stood on the Ade laide platform he was delighted to think, of the oonneotion between the J)iocese of Adelaide and Mfilboamebecinse the bishops were consecrated on the same day of the came year.- Ie was P^n??;T.g for tmvL bo etud-^ side by ' side with the Bishop of Adelaide and do anything, however little, to encourage and support him in the great work'the Bishpp'e ;Home~ VHinnn Sopiety intended to do. Thooansewhiflbrtbey b*d-«ie)i in-.euch largs -^numbers to promote was no other than to ! maintain and extend the work of God through { oat this large diocese by providing clergy in [ new centres and in poor localities by obtain ing sites for church buildings and aiding in ' their erection by grante or loans, .and helping |to provide additional curates. Vice and ltre j iigion met them on all sides. What jjlan ■ could -be'-densed more suited to grapple ! until those evils than that which the : Bishop's Home Mission Society proposed ? He • touched on the noble, eelf-Bacriticinp, self-deny j ing work of the clergy- He noticed —and that | was one cause-for -eery great anxiety —how the ; different reports ot the mission <rfergy in the 'agricultural areas referred to the fact of so i many families leaving tlieir respective neiprh i borhoods, Tlie report wenton to say—" Under ! these circumstances it seems to me that the jiOxeeutive will shortly be called upon to ■late a very grave question, and that is j ilie support of the mission clergy." But they ■ wcro not goint; to leave that to the executive alone. No; thuySwould all take up that ques tion, and face it boldly and practically—(hear, hear) —until it was satisfactorily adjusted. The organising chaplain, from whose report he had quoted, thought he had got to tlie bottom of the difficulty, but he had—remembering his experience in Melbourney-hifl doubts. He said "Amen" to the organising chaplain's suggestion for grappling with the difficulty, but when-hb read it he thought of the recipe for cooking a bare. It commenced with "first catch your hare." -(iianghter.) Now, liis -difficulty jn Victoria was to catch an un married clergyman. <Laiighter.) He had heard the chairman say that the marriage rate had declined in South Australia, but he did not say whether it applied to the clergy. In his own diocese the unmarried clergyman was difficult to find, but if they could find clergymen willing to forego the blessings of married life and to give themselves tip to this work for four years it would be the best way of overcoming the difficulty, and they would be able to club three or four together. If they did that they might find that they were willing to spend the rest of their lives Eying -together. (Laughter.) In considering the noble aims of the society he asked them to xemember how - often families were dis persed throughout a diocese like this. A family in Adelaide jsrted with ? son or brother, who went to some smaU place in the bush to get his living as a miner, an agri cultural laborer, a ..storekeeper. Now, if they loved the church of their fathers, and the holy truths which she taught, and the sacraments she administered, they could fail to desire that such an one should continue to enjoy the ministrations in which he was brought up, and which he had learned to love. But there were many country dis tricts in which these blessings could only be' secured by the help of the; Bishop's Home Mission Society. Most of them were more or less powerfully influenced by the associations of early life. The very sound of hymns, and tunes, and prayers heard and learnt in child hood was like a benediction coining down upon them from fathers and mothers now in Paradise. Who that had constantly heard the inimitable rhythm of their marvellous litany oould fail to recognise its' power? ( In propor tion as they had learned, t&e; value of their own souls and thenwSans of "grace they should desire to put them within the reach of -others. TJhey had assembled from various parishes, -from parishes differently circumstanced—some comparatively wealthy, some poor, some aboundine in pleasant villas,. and charm ing gardens, others in bus^ streets, shops, and offices; others again in nar row lanes and shabby tenements. What brought them all together on that occasion?. The consciousness that "union is strength," and that great gatherings like the present were calculated To mMiifrtjf and- promote that unity. Their beloved bishop had recently re turned foam after having stood side Jbyjsode *&&> Anglican l&oopB; Jrim all parfe Ipfne BritiiJ* Xknpire on the Kentishshore near the very spot-where: Augustine, the'firat Archbishop of Canterbury, landed 13 centuries sgo/;He had mentioned this because he/wanted Jihsm to recognise what a noble corporation the, Church of England was, and-how many jcentdries it had lived, and at the dose of the 19ttfi*ntury what a mighty, power it had of laying hold of them) (Hear,' hear.) He moved—"That the members of.the Church in this diocese, recognising the spiritual claims of^&ie; T*finawm districts, pledge them&elves; to Jtvb to tlie Bmtiorfs .Home Mission Society %heir practical and loy^l support.''' ' *'. '" iMr. E.G. BlacknioreJseconded the motion, tglitnii nm^rifiA nnrn.ninunvAy. . >. Tie Dean of BaUarat moved—'"That this meeting expresses ite thankfulness to Almighty Cod for the work which .die society has been enabled to accomplish in the past; and asks for the prayers of all loyal Churchmen for a oantinuancexjf God's blessing on its work in the future." He thanked the bishop for the land welcome given him,. Hs being late was not a question of unptmctuality, bat was owing toJUnesa. It seemed to him that the Home Mission Society caused a bond of union be tween tiie chnrcbes of the town and die .churches of the country, for they wanted to show sympathy for each other. They wanted tie clergy and the people tobeone in'sympathy, aqd they wanted the body in the country to -vilmte with the body in the city. It seemed to him that all Ibises were related together because related to God. A chain was no stronger than its -weakest link, so the phurch was never stronger than its weakest point A great many people did not realise how much they owed to God; 'they spoke as if they were the KKchitect of Uielr own fortunes instead of Gsd. They had taken with soiree a hand from the past, but ought they not to give as they, received. All had abundant cause to -give, but he would not tell them in what proportion they ought to (rive,' because they could not lay down a hard and fast, rule for giving.. They went on spending money on the necessaries of life and other -tilings, andl they gave what was left to God,, but unfortunately very little was left. Ttmfc churcb, ho Baid. which'was not new^grenmd was making its own grave. He did'cot believe "that .the human-heart was sceptical, but rose np" in magnificent respon siveness to vitality when they saw it; if they had mere' spiritual life they wonld shine through; modem spiritualism and modern materialism. (Hear, hear.) He- exhorted them to work so that it might be said of the Church as of the Mastec/Jn Him was life, and the life wad the light of man. (Hear, hear;) The Minister of Education, who wascordMly receired, said he did not believe it was eifeer tnre'Jr joss to say that .the State was irreligious.- Absolute religious equality was given to the people of die colony, with the result that there were .a large *number of ' religious bodies amongst them and t?e rehgioas rights of the whole of thebodiee were equal. * Therefore, it was 1 impossible to legislate on any question which touched the domain of religion. He thought the multitude of denomi nations was a serious drawback to Christianity in any State, but if £he people would agree to oneform of fai& then they oonld compel the State' to give effect to tlie views of the community, which after all was the State: He seconded the motion, which was carried. , . ■•■■"■ The Chairman stated .that the collection amounted to £59, which included a cheque for £25, kindly forwarded by Mr. R. Barr Smith, who was unable to be present. 