TERRIBLE BUIRNIG ACCI SDENT. t A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. t HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. I AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street. a MIr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confimed invalid, suffering d terribly from locomotor ataxia and u other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be cir- c culated in the.neighbourhood that Mr. s Jarris was getting round again, and t that he had .had a most marvellous f, recovery from this apparently incurable p malady. It was on account of these '1 rumours that a special reporter from b the Sydney "Worker" was dispatched fI to get all information regarding same, r and one afternoon he made his way to v his house, 45 Crown- lane, Ultimo. V Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a a two-year-old baby, and his face I declared him one of the happiest men I in Sydney. He was up and about, and a able to answer the knock at thei door. b Although pale and bearing still a few n marks of a critical illness and a period h of pain, it was very clear that lie was i. an invalid no more. ti In reply to the prelimary questions he said:-" You want to know all 11 about about my case? Well, 1 am s] glad of an opportunity to tell you. The n facts may be of value to those who are a stricken as I was." a " How long were you suffering ?" e " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I a hare done nothing since then. About a five years ago next Christmas I met ci with an accident; I was badly scalded s while taking a bath in Pitt-street, n Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four a years of gradual development of the n malady, I was forced to give up my a billet at the Glebe Island." tl " What were the symptoms ?" o " Simply indescribable. The pains c were something terrible. They were d just as much as I could bear. They ii were for all the world like as if a saw 1 were cutting my bones in two in every r, part of me. I had no control over my o bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance tI to myself and everyone else. I was i, incessantly shivering and shaking, and u could neithereat nor sleep. On the v 23rd March last I saw a well-known k doctor, and he told me that my case ii was utterly hopeless. However, he iE gave me an order to the Director of p Charitable Institutions." t " Did you make use of the order ?" " No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever n ever since. Fire weeks ago I could not a walk across the floor; in fact I could t no get out of bed. I felt then that it a was all over with me, and only a ques- a tion of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending. me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was S in. I was under him for five or six t weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, charac, terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficuly in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs: t (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisemenu of a case which seemed to fit nmy own. I determined to give the pills a 'trial anyway, and sent for a box.: The 'fact was as marvellous as it'was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as thgqgli nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had fqr many a day, It was incredible. 'I immediately left the bed ani was able boln;6e about. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I wais too weak to use tlhem, and now I don't wpnt the9I'y S .a , 1 pae~ cent. leter. said Mrs. Jarvs, wo haw "o m i 'in i taken the baby od' n h?lejes The n... i.iams' Pink Pills for .-l People have say, l i i.- an" ma qnpi?!er mgan of lm.!t Sfie-'ilj 4 gt!ld in sr sai4d that Jsarr. . this point Youi. ..s looked ten years ,,: r that day than he did a fort night previous. SI can now, continued Jarvis, have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come.back to my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Wil arms' Pink Pills for Pale People. They have saved my life, I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece tliere is a box of opium and morphia pills which tlhe doctor gave me to deaden the excruiaetiag pain. But they can stay There they are~ I no longer need them. I.verybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about. ,gaisa has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of thin country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Willianlo' Pink. Islls for Pale People. 'hy cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal diseaseo also the iainny.disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, suchl anmmia5 pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, $s of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. ]r, . 8, T. MGowes, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W, Legislative Assembly, was seen by the reporter in connection with the remarkable case of 'ome?s Jarvis. Mr, M'Goweu had known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at flebe Island abbttoirs twelve months ag6 owming to tlhe malady which hlie had developed. He afterwards beard abeat Jarvis was bcd-rid.?~n aun that tlhere was little chance of his recovery. Hie understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydaey Hospital. as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mir. MIGowen was, therefore like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at tne complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtninable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williiams Medicine Company. Flinders-street Melbourne, who will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s 9d., or half-dozen for 15s 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams are gotten. 