THE C2AB HE SENT A MESSAGE ROUND. (By 'THE OWL.'-) Tho Czar ho sent a message round :T». all his brother kings; For Vlck,li.p reckoned hu had ''fount Th j InwprJRCHa of things— . T'.'fw lnwu-dness Of thing;}. Ho s,nt a :-cented billet-doux, Per post, (o German BUI; . He sont a scented billet', too) (Writ with his caRlo'a quill— IIU Russian eagle's quill. , Ho sont that ncented billet 'to Our great and gracious Queen; And then he oent Ills billets two, To Prance and Spain, we wean ? ?'? {And lost no time between). He sent an awful Russian scrawl, . To Washington and Romo; And asked his brothers one and all To 'lend bin peace 'at Homo'— ? His down-your-armB 'at Homo.' And then t'.if. Russian Czar unbent ? His back and rung the boll, TO sign a document which sent ?Somo Nihilists to— well A place we cannot tell. And aa tho day was young at that, Ho sent forBlazemoff ? The fav'rlto of tho Autocrat; Bravo General Blazcmoff — ? Peter Ivan Blazemoff. And Blazomof,' and Nick close laid Their Russian heads together; , And talked of strategy, and prayed For damn good lighting weathor— Good hearty fighting weather. oid Blazcmoff, he tallied o'er Tho lint cf fighting forces; ?Compared with other folks, ho sworo They'd lashings of resources Dead boilings of resource.1!. Ho showed how things woro getting rlpo ???For hostile declarations; ? And vowed tho floor thoy coon might wlpo With sov'ral hostile nations— Thono blithered Saxon nations. Then Blnzcmotf produced his map, Fluo lines to draw, and Ilnor, 1 Until at last tho gay old chap, Had drawn three- thirds of China Had Russlanlaed poor China. Soft smiled his Czar— moat mild of monj Who woeps at thought of slauglilor — And strayed thereat his peaceful pen, More nouth'ard than it oughter (Tho Kyhber route la shortor). And bit by bit the Russlau bounds (Of course 'twas pencil merely); They drew until thin plnnot— zoundsl (Good word) was Russian nearly— Tho earth was IIuijbIii-h nearly. ? Tho Blazemoff he winked hla oyo, And Nicholas winked his also; * And sighing said, 'Well, by- and-byo, Who knows events may fall so? Old Potor's Bchomes they call so,' Moanwhllo we'll shift an. army hero, And there we'll put another; This legion we must prena, I fVnr Upon our German brothor— Our woll-belovod brother. That fleet must bo at quick command, Who knows when wo may neod '0111; ? The .Town down horo nra right at hand;' I guess It's time to blood 'em — By Poter'a ghost, we'll bleed 'cm. Junt nco tho censor and proclaim ' That nil. our ECUun ura loadoiV, ' A«l- Britain, ntcruly, 'What's- lior gam a; We'll not bco Franco Faauortod Whllo all our kuiib aro loaded!' .' ? . . The Czar ho flulohed up his work, . . In thla emphatic fanhlon; A, 'dual menage1' to the Tliclc He snnt'in hlftgly paaslon-r .' -..?': A right-down Tartar passion. Tho cable oarrlod 'eroiw tho neus . ' ?, ? Tlio Ozar'n Invlt.en to tea; ? . And nldo by iildo tlinro wont with thoao Tho Ruiialan war cry, froo— . : .. , (A yen-no mix, you neo)', And an tlib cnblo llckod and tlekod Itii in-.-ii(iaf-e foith, I'm IhlnUIng, ' Tl'at K'luholnii, llntouod an ho clicked, And ho kopt tlmo with winking— Sly dois tho Cr.nr, v/hon wlitlclna. 