He was Haunted. Fischer's ghost has boen laid, to tho regret of those who have cherished him as a winter story for tho fireside. He is no longer believed to sit on top of a throe-railed fenca as a clue to th6 diacovery of his bones in a stagnant pool. But there wi-3 a man in the Globe, Sydney, who was haunted by a spectre which never left, him. It was with him aa he sab all duy mending Bhoea, and in the dark and silent watches of tho night it clung to him, and he began to look upon it as a rearrui parn or mmseir until nis cune would come to enter into the spirit land. Id was a grim and horrible experience, and all his days and nights were spent in trying to solve tho enigma of its presence, and the way that he could lay it, as they had laid Fischer's ghost, Tho worst of tho matter was that it was invis ible to all but himself ; ho was worse than haunted, it tortured him, for this spectre loved to give him pain. At length tho means were given to him to free itself of its hateful pre sence, and he describes his last fight wich it to our representative who waited upon him at 86 Bridge-road, Globe. — ' For the past eight years,' snid Mr, William Burke, shoemaker, 'I have endured very much from constipation and piles ; no medicine seemed to do me good. At night I could not sleep, and by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took could froo me of pain, until I tried Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, and now I can say that they are tho best remedy ever known, as they do rot gripe or weaken, and yet do all that is s-iid of them. I am a better man to-day than I havo beon fur years. It is a grand euro.' Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills cure such cases. Thoy are a positive cure lor liver ailments, sick headache, biliousness, indigestion, dyapepsii, constipation, foul breath, sallow complexions, and a perfect blood purifier, curing eczema, pimples, blotches, and all skin diseases. As a woman's best friend they stand alone. Snld by chemists and storekeepers, price, Is l.\d per bottle, or six bottles. 6a. If unablo to procure where you reside, The \V. H. Comstock Co., Ltd., 58 Pitt-street. Sydney, will forward same upon receipt of price. 