CHATTER X1T.—Continue* Explanations wore* in order and soon the stalwart Irishman, with a heart as big as a mountain, moro or less, according to the size of the mountain, put his arm about the back of the chair, and, in a moment, the -young gentleman was stretched out on one of those mammoth “settees” which used to adorn the rooms of our grandparents. Mrs. North brought a huge bed-spread and throw it over him, and in an incredibly short time Pinnie was sound asleep, dreaming of a Miss Iss mid a Miss AVhrs, and paint palettes. At A o'clock he was still sleeping, and word was *, O CvatauscU?' tHo Ilctld dimity maid gave, him a eup of tea, and put him to bed. And thus Pinnie had fallen .. into good hands. Ten o’clock came ns usual, and so did 11. Then Mrs. North was a little startled by a knock at the door. Bonar brought in a note and a package sent up by one of the trusted clerks. The noto stated that a “ directors1 meeting” would keep Conrad down town until late, and suggested that she retire and not sit up for him. Ho also requested that the package be placed in the muniment room, and stated that one of the old watch men of the office was even then on the grounds to keep an eye on the promises. The package was soon stowed away, and so was Mrs. North ; and all the great house was still. Mrs. North slept well, the storing of valuables in the muniment room being of frequent occurrence. The slow hours of the night crept silently on, the moon rising full and high over the long pile of brick and masonry, and peeping through the trees. The faithful watchman filled and refilled bis pipe, and tramped back and forth upon that side of the house where the treiLsr.ro was stored. About 1 o’clock the ferry whistle snorted as though angry at the late call, and the sound went echoing over hill and forest. It struck wildly upon Pinnie’s unaccustomed ears, as he lightly slept in tho vast bod, and he awakened in some slight alarm. It took a moment for him to realize where he was in the darkness —a dprkness trimmed with the silver moon light streaming into his room. He heard a key thrust into the door, a step coming softly up the stairs, a door open and shut—and all was still. He turned over once more to sleep—but his C3’es would not stay closed. 'The fate entrance was by Conrad. An hour after, in the heavy shadows of the taees, upon the east side of the house, where the low moon was casting a dark pathway of gloom from the tall chimneys to the trees, a man Kit on the ground, calmly watching the comfort of the faithful old guard, not ten rods away. He was still peacefully smoking his pipe. It was a tall, thin, cadav erous old man—and we have met him before, though now no sepulchral cough warns us of his presence. His face was not now of ashen hue. His eyes were bright and luminous— bis ears keen to the unfolding of the beetle's wing. Every sense was alert He carried nothing in his hands but around his waist was a cord, and on one end a small ?teol grapnel. In his belt a sheath knife was hidden, and a pistol, both under a loose blouse. As the shadows deepened the old man rose from the ground, stepped forward to the lim it of the shadows, as silently as a cat and briskly as a fox. Inspecting the ground a moment, bo dart ed to a dark recess in the building—and to a portion of the structure where no sleepers wsere n$ar wit hin. A moment later and he woson the roof of the moonlit side'—the guard being upon the other. He softly crept along the edge of the roof with his feet iu the huge gutters. He seemed to know his strength, and paused not. a moment in bis progress until beneath the largest chimney on the building. He then threw himself flatly upon the steep roof, and, with the aid of the hedge, or grapnel, crawled to the mammoth flues. He knew full well that no guard could distinguish a man’s head or body at that distance amid the varying forms and shadows of the roofs. A moment thereafter a dark form.emerges from the blackened wall of a large fireplace, iji the great old diningroom of the ancestral wing of the North homestead. It hugs the wall in crouching attitude, with.tread si lenced' by the wool on the soles of his shoes, . Creeping thus to the further end, he reaches a panel which he can only distinguish in the darkness by touch. Having located tho place, he restfully straightens up and peers round the room, which apparently is of the width of the structure, having windows at both ends. He waits until his eyes enlarge to meet the darkness. The opium does its work. They are luminous, and, like two phosphorescent balls, burn in the gloom like the two flaming eyes of the panther. Though unseen, his face is aglow, and his heart fired with an irrepressible courage. But he does not forget his ritual. Skill is useless with out safety. Swiftly he darts across the room and tries to unfasten a -window and push it open. It is in vain. It is securely locked. TOthout a moment’s delay he takes from his blouse ulitGe brace and drill bit. In another moment foo j5 gr-mning away at the glass ■with a well-oileci drill of the hardest steel, and in an (istonjsbingly short, time it is through. lie takes from another pocket r roll of black cloth. As he unrolls it an oiled paper is taken off and the cloth pressed firm ly'against the pain.of glass. It sticks tight ly to every part. Then the old man inserts the drill into the hole he has bored, presses Sideways—and the glass breaks in every direction: but not a piece falls to the lloor, por is there any noise. The glass is wholly glued to the cloth. If driven from his wort hy dansror, he 'Vih.pjanffo ^jiV’now’returns to his panel. Not over ten minutes hnvo been lost _ With the butt end of his sheath knife ho worms a hole tinder tho panel and pries it up. He bends Up tho painted metal,' but tho bolt of the lock does not give way. The old man’s slender band is inserted—and the keys are Now the vault is opened—both doors. The burglar enters, closing the inner nud lighter door behind him. A “lucifer” is scratched ond a dark lantern lighted. It is the su preme moment, to a ghoul who preys upon his fellows. And his rapid heart-beats are audible to the old man in the silence—a silence which he can almost feel within tboss Jiriek walls. Tile package lies before him. His hands are upon it. What If, during this work of darkness, in the mysterious night, there had been a man of stout heart and herculean frame in that old dining room of the Norths? TVTiat'if this man, whose courage may have been tested in'the hot battle, wero to : .ealmly seat himself in the’ dark shadows,, while those two visible eyeballs , swept around the robm; and thus watch the cata- . Mount cut its way silently through glass! And then follow them thtqugh iron doors to A vrihdowless vault! And suppose this wit ness silently follows into .the‘thick darkness and musty air, and feels that there were two •ntoinbed—whence but .one could come forth f) finally, what if .that desperate old cat lighte his candle-lantern, seizes the treasure. | turns quickly around; and finds himself face to face, nut with a giant, but with—l3innie? Ye gods! But wlmt a scene! The old man cried aloud, stepped back a I pace or two, dropped the package and trem bled from head foot—a cold prespiration covering his hotly. “The ghost 1” lie murmured. 11 is ruddy face was white with fear, and the ashen hue crept, over and upon it. Tlio clFoet. of the drug was uvorcomo by fear and a hollow cough tilled the vault. | It was all in a moment. Before the start I led face of the youth had ovidenced his won j der, with paled lips at that phantoin before or spirit, grasped the yielding i'orm by the j throat and bore it to the' Stony' floor. His knife-was raised'to strike!. But the light reached that faco before the knife. The descending knife swerved to the stone floor and the blade was broken from the hasp! The blow lmd been parried by those grape purple eyes—and a hopeless face which he had seen before. “Dirt or devilf he hissed as ho loosened his hand upon the throat. But there was no answer. “Speechless?- Then, by heavens, you are Still the night eyes looked, calm and gen tle, into his. The old wretch was fascinated. IIo took his hand from the throat and stroked the brow of the boy. “Surely you are flesh and blood, Hubert?” But not a word from Finnic. The old man shook him. “Say, are you real?” The lips parted and muttered some thing too indistinctly fo be heard. . “By.heavens! you are real, or else this drug Inis'jVfaVbd mo'ialso'.” Then .suddenly he changed his tone to gentleness. “Look here, hoy, I want to know who you arc— what is your name?” “Pimiie,11 gasped the youth as if in night Thc robber was thrilled as by an electric “See here, boy; is your natno Finnie?” “Yes.” “Where did you get ill Did that come from a Spaniard called the. Tiger?” “Yes.” . ; • ‘ “Hell and fury! Where did you come “Tho sea,”‘replied the youth, a brightness in his looTi. ' ■ “Am IT1 ream in gLand this but the phan tom of that drug? Young man, where bnvo you been for twenty years?” “At the school.” “Where do you live now?” “Where you saw me before.” “Well, boy, I shall not harm you, nor let any one else. But don’t you over let that Spanish devil got his hands on yob, - or your time will be at hand.” ' “Who are you?” asked the-, boy ..with mono confidence. “Nevermind. Your name is Ruber tr-but make no changes now.” “And you—are-?** * • ‘ “Stop!. Say not another word.” But it was not‘necessary to caution him'. The ex traordinary influonw of the.fiicn befopvnnd over him ami tho expectation \of deat h had ‘sustained the trail boy. That removed, he fell baclvupdnthe outlaw's arm unconscious. Tlin robber laid him 'gently upon the floor and arose; VQnickly grasping the treasure, he passed."through the vaulted doom' and passed to the fireplace. But in that ten se conds a terrible struggle had been going on ill the crime-scarred breast of the man. Jle ‘paused a moment aud drew deep sighs. The next step was backward. Retracing, ho re-entered the vault, replaced tho packet —and vanished. Ho could not cortdenm his own son to shame, aud perhaps to prison. 