CASUS ADJOURNED TILL FRIDAY. The posting of the cases agiinst Frost and party and R. Smith attracted a very large crowd to the Warden's Court yesterday morning, the public, portion of the court room, windows, doors, and every point or vantage being immediately seized. A runor was in circulation that the two men had expressed an intention of not appear ng, thus necessitating an arrest, presumably on the lease, but this proved unfounded. Certainly the men did not arpear, but on the cases being called application was made for an adjournment, on the grounds that the men had expressed a wish that Mr Charles Mann, the well • known ex-Coolgardie solicitor, should appear on their behalf. Mr Mann was at Kanowna and unable to reach the Kalgoorlie court in time, so an adjournment till Friday was asked. Mr Hare, appearing for the Ivanhoe Venture Syndicate, said he did not object to an adjournment, " there were a lot more to come in.on Friday, and they might as well be all taken together." 'l'he Warden then granted the adjournment till Friday and the crowd dispersed somewhat disappointed. Matters on the lease assumed their normal aspect yesterday, the men working with a will and an expressed determination to bottom and prove the show at all hazards. Hughes and Bray's shows are being vigorously worked, the latter being one of the deepest on the lease. Speaking to one of the men yesterday it was stated that had the men not been harassed or their claims deemed by the company illegal, the lease would have been proved long ago as they would have amalgamated several of the claims and worked three shifts. As it was, they were determined to spread the responsibility and in view of the manager's tactics, assure at least •one or two of the shafts bottoming. A curious incident occurred to one of the men working on the lease on tho morning after the public demonstration. He says that on going down the shaft he Baw something moving and would not have been surprised had he teen Wittenomn'e ghost. He looked round the bottom cautiously, and to his astonishment found the moving object to be a cat which had presumably fallen down the shaft during the nieht. All the vacant space between the townsite and the Venture lease having been take • op, including municipal endowment. blocks, stieite, and resilience areaF, an application was made yesttrday in the Kalgoorlie Warden's Court for a protection area situated about a mile south-east of the Boulder Post Office, on the presumed line of deep lead. It will nos take long at this rate to prove the value of the deep channel which runs by the township down to the jBannan's Lake. Further summonses were issued yesterday, returnable on Friday, the latest move evidently Wing to en- eavor to thin the ranks of tbealluvialities so much as to prevent their shafts proving the valne of the lea-e- If iuch is openly asserted, it will raise a good deal of local supi-ort, which is at present feeepine aloof, and with this and capable leaders that pre sure to come to the front if the issue iB protracted., it is hard to say what will be the outcome. As rcmai ke 1 recently the chief shareholders in the leas; who have racticall.v settled negotiations with an S ingliBh buyer, are between the devil and the deep blue sea. It their lease proveB unpayable from the alluval workers shafts the sale will full through ; if gold ip found, all the king's hurses and a'l tnc king's men will ndt stop ihe rush (hither. Tae.v should bs about seeing that the scn'.ible course of declaring the ground deep aliuvUI, a ad apply* iog for a special urea accordingly, would have bseu the most profitable in the end. As it is, support for the - workers on - the lease is increasing daily. Gomratv to expectations, no mention was made of thespeclal case. t.u be submitted by counsel in the Ivanhoe Venture case. This will be finally arranged during -the week* 