Treatment of Consumptiyes., (Dalby JHeraW, June 25.J| : TErmEBScloBed yeBtepiay {Friday), for j the erection in our ~m\dst, or rather a mile j or two out oi Dalby of what will be the finest sanatorium for consumptives in Australia. Moreover, it is the only one. directly built and maintained by a Gov. eminent. Curiously enough, although sabre people die of consumption than any stiver disease known to humanity it is tho ! oneleast curable and the least provided forinthe way of hospital accommodation. In the whole of Australia the deaths from consumption run into thousands annually and yet the number of patients accom inodated in special sajiatoriums for the. treatment of their disease .does- not total 100 a year. This is a remarkable and pitiful state of affairs in a country whosa people are supposed to .place the care of sick and-., suffering humanity highest: among their many virtueiB. A good deal is done for sufferers from, other diseases, but the poor consumptive has^iip to now, been an outcast, left to drag out his slotoly wasting life as best he may, de prived of those opportunities for recovery J which are afforded to other sufferers. Perhaps it is that he is not such an abject i suffererat the start, iB able 'to get about \ till nearly to the end, and can largely make shift for himself, that he . fails to elicit sympathy and to receive that treatment which he so badly reqnires: But it is precisely this class of sufferer who offers best scope.for the exercise of beneficent treatment. In the early days of the dis ^ease, when medical tn"en shake.. ttyejc.; heads doubtfully And' tell the" phthisical patient (indecisively thatf Ills' lungs are "weak^-whatever tlwt hjay ibeain^'Kr there is either bacilli in the lungs or there is not-when the patient is able to get about and pursue hi%ordinary avocations, or even a little later wheii thedisease has shown itself in persistent coughing arid slight expectoration- these are the times when a benevolent humanity should come I to hiB rescue just as they go to the rescue of the man. with fever or a .broken skull. It is heartless cruelty to allow the. con sumptive to drag on to the last stage, and then take bim in, when all hope of cure is gone. In the early- stages many lives might be Baved if ihere were only Bana toriums enough to give them the chance, But at present how many of those are -dead who might be living had there been some such merciful provision:! flow .many have been allowed to pass from the hopeful early period of the disease to the hopeless advanced stage, without a single, finger being 4^ted in their aid? One shudders to contemplate the thousands qf ghosts that rise up in response to the question. It is gratifying to notice that some thing, is being, done in this country to remedy such a pitiable and inhuman state of affairs. Consumption we know is well-, nigh incurable after a certain stage, but we also know, that, given a dry, tem perate, bracing climate it is . distinctly' curable up to a comparatively advanced period of the disease. - Medical men are more and more abandoning the old and cruel .practice of experimenting on con sumptive patientB with all the drugs known to the Pharmacopoeia, and beginn ing to realise that air is the chief factorin the treatment as curative agent. By and bye, we may arrive at a specific which will cure without climate, .but at present that is what Mr. Gladstone would call " a nebulous hypothesis,". So for the present Nature, in the guise of atmoaphere^ is the consumptive's most kindly physician. Thus it comes about that Dalby, with its clear, dry, genial, sunny climate, tem perate in winter and not too hot in summer, has been chosen out -of all Queensland for the site of the first Consumptive Sanatorium erected by the Government. It has not been erected yet, but the tenders are in, and we hope in a few weeks to see the commencement of. this noble, work. A certain class of people in the community regard the project with much alarm, and fail to see wherein the town is being honored or benefited by the erection of the sana torium. To their intolerant and perverted minds the Consumptive looms up as the living embodiment of all that is dangerous to health, a walking disseminator of germs, a creature to be shunned as a leper. Such people are hardly worth discussing. It is obvious they liave not thought over the.matter, or read the views of the lead ing physlcions and scientists of the day; probably they have not the intelligence to comprehend such things even if they came their way. Sach people are posi-: tivelv dangerous to the community, infinitely more dangerous than the poor coiiBumptive they would hound out of existence if they had their way, because they spread/alarm in the minds of many sensitive persons who wouldnot suspect .danger were they surrounded by 40,000 consumptives and certainly be none the worse off. for that,- Of all forms of disease, . it may be worth stating for the information of these ignorant scaremongers, there is none less con tagious than consumption. On the . Con tinent of Europe insignificant villages have been, turned into prosperous com munitiesmerely through the possession of a fine- climate and the consequent influx of-coopumptives. Tet with all the ex pectoration of thousands of consumptives foryearstherehasnotbeentheslighteBt increase in the-death rate £rom consump tion among the local inhabitants. Nearer home there is a stronger illustration. For 30 op.40 yegjrs Mount Macedon, in Vic toria, lias been a: well-known resort for consumptives... In the summer the board ing houses are filled with them, and no special precaution is taken^,to prevent , them expectorating at large. Yet in all these years thecehas never been recorded a singiedeathfromconsumptionamong the local population. This is , verifiable by anyone who. likes, toapply ,to the registrar of deaths. There is no disputihg a fact like this, wliich is the common ex perience wherever consumptives go. So Dalby ueed uot be alarmed, and we are sure the majority of its- inhabitants are sensible enough not to be. . Bather should they ;be ;grateful-grateful for the part they are enabled to play, in the noble work > Iof alleviating human suffering, grateful for the material benefits they are likely to derive through the influx of patients which may be expected, and grateful for the* healthy climate :they are ^permitted to live in. Surely, possessing- such a climate, they will not begrudge its ad vantages to those who maHy be less fortu nate than themselves in the. matter, of. health. We appeal to the; Dalby people to do-all they can to make the lot of the cohsttmptiyes sojourning in their midst a ^feasant ^md a. hopeful one, and hot to pay any attention to the ignorant alarmists who talk unmitigated nonBence about the danger of contagion. It has been'decided to hold a ploughing rnKtch at Oifayton on Jnly20, and consider able interest on the Downs is being token in tfc projwt. 