The Light That Cast No Shadow. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountaios. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of oatural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothiog about, i Lately a German professor visited the ' adepts,' as those queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some anuient Sansktit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books where kept. Tho place was dark as the bottom of a well. ' I can't see to read here,' said the visitor. ' Then wa will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a eoft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality — it cati not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast leaning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cist shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own ezper|enae. Or Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited theta'e of the Cook Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, ie sceptical when his friends tell him of a niediolne which tbey believe will make him well. What else bat doubt cou'd result from his experience? Take an ex 1 ample : — ' Iu the spring of LSS8,' writes our cories pondent, ' I fell into a low, weak, languid state. 1 felt low-epirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating 1 had a pain and weight at the chest. I wao much troubled witb wind, and frequently spat up a sour flui I, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousnes and great depression of spirits. I kept r.p with my work, but had always a sense of disomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieviog me. At last I heard of Mother geigel'e Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a rew doses i round reuei ; anu my iooa ui gested, aod gradually all nervousness left mA Although I had no reason at tbe first to feel any confidence in this mcdicine, never havipg ' ueod it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Kfoce my recovery, for which I th^nk Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the bes*: of health and spirits. In the interests of suffer; ing humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, Jane 8tb, 1893.' There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the sf-ory about tbe light that cast no shadow. The latter may be trne enough, but it canoot be verified witnont more trouble than it is worth. On the oth^r hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of enqairy, and c m be found at bis address. ' Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, It acts on the theory tbat most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal , disease— indigestion and dyspepsia ; it fores that and throws the light of health and happi ness over hearths and homes where illgeM tind pain had cast such dark and terftfyjng shadows. Aod that ie why people believe all that Is told of its success by eager witnesses. 