GBEENBEHA8 GHOST, Why had Celia refused to take me into the attic rooms, and why had she said in such a strange manner that "it was getting dusk and we must go below V" This was my first visit io Greenbriar. a gloomy old place some miles from ihe city, which uncle had obtained at bargain because of its reputation as being the abiding place of a "real ghost." And Cousin Celia iiad been showing me the house, but stopped short on the landing, refusing io go further. Now, I'ncle Hemus. wiih his whole family, disbelieved in spiritual manifestations with a vengeance. Certainly,,[ then. Celia was not cowardly. No! there" were other reasons for her peculiar air as she preceded me down rhe narrow flight of shadowy stairs to the hall below. I was con a in of it: my curiosity was aroused: 1 was sure a mysiery existed somewhere above the third floor, and 1 soon found myself planning to invest igate ihe matter, even if 1 had to visit the apartment by night. The family residing there, and of whom Fncle Remus purchased the property, could explain the mysterious i sounds they heard, but had said that "•:.tice a very wicked man lived there, who, after receiving a visit from his brother, a wealthy man of the East, suddenly went away, none knew whither. Alter that the house and grounds were held '.'or sale through an agent." How irue this story was I did not know nor care. Mv relatives "poohpoohed" the whole of it. as well as the visitations, and why should I concern myself in the matter'? I only wished to find out the reason for Celia's strange manner, and to see the contents of the garret chambers, and this I was determined io do, by sonic hook or crook of fortune. And fate was unexpectedly and unkindly kind—If I may express it that way—sooner than I dared to hope. It was evening. Celia and I were under the trees, loitering about iu 1he twilight, discussing plans for the morrow. .viieii a man crossed the lawn and do'.li'n.g his cap io her said: "There has been an accident over at ihe Meadows ihis afternoon, ."Miss Lisle. Mrs GJynford desires you to come over if you can: it's her husband who is hurt, ma'am, in a runaway." Now, Mrs Glynford was an especial friend, and of course Celia must go. She iooked at me. "Go." said I. tfiinking of ihe third story; "go, by all means, for I shall get along nicely. I shall write io mamma or read to Aunt Lucia, or. tiring of both, retire." ," She kissed me fervently at ihis. and j'an off to .make ready for her good Samaritan call. Presently she came back. "Flossie," she said, "don't take it into your head to explore the garret chambers, while I am gone; it wouldn't be pleasant to go wandering about a lot of told, silent apartments iu the night" (1 fancied she shivered): "besides, mamma doesn't approve of lights being carried through the house: afraid of a conflagration, you know." And she laughed nervously. 1 concluded to di- ssemble. "Do you imagine T am brave enough to stalk that ghost alone in the night watches:" I asked. "Rest assured that I shall keep below?" This satisfied her, and she walked away toward the house once more. I stayed under the trees until ten o'clock; then I went to my room. As I laid my watch in its case I fell to musing. It seemed to me that my cousin had weightier reasons for not taking me to those chambers; or else was over particular. indeed. My rooms were on the ground floor. W.iat; harm would there be in my going io the upper floor and, perhaps, walking tiie length of the corridor ? None, I peeped out into the hall. Everybody was abed; all was still, and the moonlight came softly through the great windows above, flooding ihe staircase leading thither with a silvery radiance. "To be afraid ou such a night as this'." I ejaculated. "I am going to the c-orridor, anyway." Suiting the action to the word. I ascended the steps to the first. landingfind stood a moment peering up to the mysterious corridor above me. The next flight of steps was not long, and soon I found myself on the next flooron the forbidden ground! Three narrow windows lighted up this lonely, silent place rather dimly near the landing where I stood, while ihe ;iher end of the empty corridor was dark. "Well," I said, "this isn't interesting,- in spite of Aunt Lucia, T believe I will bring my lamp." As I turned to go down T caught sight of the gleam of lamp-light, shining out across the polished floor of the corridor from under the door of one of the unexplored chambers.. Celia had given me io understand that no one occupied ihis floor, and thar Hie rooms wore not even furnished. Suddenly it dawned upon me that I had come to the mysiery! Seized with a startling impression of danger. I started hastily downstairs, hoping to reach my own apartments before being discovered. But; before I had des.-ended threo steps, the door above opened, and a siout-looking man came out. dragging something after him. Instead of rushing away to my rooms 1 stood rooted to the spot by a curious feeling, as if 1 were noi myself, but another. Slowly and laboriously 1he man came down the corridor toward me wiih his burden. As he drew near I shrank back in horror: he was half carrying, half dragging the lifeless body of a murdered vi<-iiin—murdered. 1 knew, by the gaping wound in his ihroat. from which the bh-od still trickled down. 1 saw it plainly as he passed me in ihe moon- light oj! ihe lauding. 1 held my breath: what next? Would the stout, villainous-looking wretch see me and kill me for being an eye-witness to his awful crime: No. lie took no notice of me whatever: but opened the small door io ihe at trover the wing. and. dragging the body into the darkness beyond, disappeared. Instinctively I looked toward the room from which the lamp-light: shone so brightly only a few minutes before. Ad was dark and silent. 1 looked once more io the attic door: ii was shut, and I saw ihat: it. had noi been opened, the bolt above the lau-h was not disturbed. "IIow did he get in':"' 1 s:;t down ou the .stairs in a cold sweat. 1 had seen- - noi lie<h and blood, but the Civonhriar "ghosi." Involuntarily I shivered and came ro myself again. Somehow 1 J'olt: that 1 had gotten back from somewhere: iho clock in the hall below struck twelve. I tried to rise, but iu vain. My head swam: 1 felt (jueer: the ••on-i-idor grew black as nighr above me. and I knew no more. When I lic-ame conscious agaiii u was morning-•--bright, sunny day, ai.d Celia was bathing my temples. "He killed him." T said excitedly looking at < Vlia. with all the horror of i;; - Bight before in my eyes. -Jk 1 still, deai-." she said gently: "yon are ilf. and have Ivon dreaming." "No,"*' J saiii: "I saw hiin drag t'.ie body front ihe chamber at the end of the corridior. and take it into ihe atitfc. over ilie wing on tiie west: no, Celia, 1 haven't dreamed it." My cousin gave me a startled look of inquiry, but said nothing in reply. I I could see, however, that she was very mucli disturbed by what I said, as she tidied up the room, while I lay watching her. 1 was ill three weeks from the shock 1 had experienced, and, had not t'elia returned shortly after midnight and searched for me. it may have been that ihis -sketch would have remained unwritten. When I was able to think of returning Jiome, uncle came to me and said— "Whatever you saw.or thought you saw " l did see it. Uncle Remus," 1 interrupted excitedly. "There, there'" he said.deprecajingly: "whatever it was ihat you saw. it, doubtless, is something not very pleasant to have under your own roof, at least." "And now," continued he. confidentially. "the place is a line one. and desirable save this—iliis—whatever it is: it will not take long to find a purchaser for (denbriar, and the l'avor 1 wish to ask of you, Flossie, is to not mem ion this experience of yours where It might hurt the sale of ihe property." I norlded my head and said, playfully: "Mow much hush-money will you give me uncle?" lie looked ai me for a moment, then said. "A hundred dollars, Flossie, if yon keep 'mum' until I make a good sale." "Agreed," I exclaimed; "agreed,Uncle Remus." He must have made a "good sale," for in six weeks, after my return home, he sent me the required amount, and 1 call it the price of the Greenbriar ghost. I learned afterwards thai through a chain of circumstantial evidence, the most important of which was finding the skeleton of a man in tiie attic of the western wing at Greenbriar. the notorious liist owner had been brought to justice and convicted of the murder of his brother. It seemed that his brother was very wealthy, and liad brought a fabulous sum of money with him. intending to invest it: in property in the vicinity of Greenbriar. The wicked brother, finding this out. determined to have it at any price, and so took the man's life, secreted the body in the attic, and giving out the victim had returned home, sold the property, and wit'll his price of blood left the place. After the discovery of the skeleton in the attic and the execution of the redhanded murderer, ihey say the Greenbriar ghost walks the lonely corridor no more.—" West Lothian Courier." 