Sermon. Led by the; Spirit of God.' '.fir Late Rev! C. H. SrtmaEox. Children are expected to bear some like ness to their parents.' Children of- God, born of the grandest of all parents, regenerated by the almighty energy of "the 'Divine Spirit,' are sure to bear n high degree of likeness to their heavenly Father. Yet man cau never be so expressly the image of the Father as .Testis is. for He is in a mysterious sense the only begotten' Son of God. Wo can imitate God, however, in many of His attributes, mainly those of a moral and spiritual kind. We must in these qualities bo " imitators of Godasdear children," or our heavenly pedi gree cannot be made out. We must be "l^d by the Spirit of God.1' That Divine Spirit who is ever with the Father and the Son must be evermore with us, so that we are* guided, instructed, impelled, quickened, actuated, influenced by Him, or else wo must not dare to think ourselves the sons of God. -17 Whither does the Spirit of God lead His sons? First he leads them to repent ance. One of the first acts of the Holy Spirit is;to guide the sons of God to the mercy seat vnth tears in their eyes. He points out with. His hand of light the idol;gods, the images of jealousy, the unclean and abominable things within our nature, and thus He astonishes us into humility. Then, with that same finger, He points .to our past life, and shows us the blots, the errors, the wilful sins, the sins of ignorance, the aggravated transgressions, the offences against light and knowledge, which have marred our career from our youth up; and, being filled with shame and sorrow, we Cry oat for the ear of God, that we may there confess our sin, and acknowledge that if He should smite us into hell it would be no more than we deserve. Dear friend, did the Holy Spirit over lead you to the stool of repent ance? Did He'evercaust you to see how basely you have treated your God, and how shamefully you have neglected your Saviour ? Did he ever make you bemoan yourself for your iniquities ? There is no way to heaven but by Weeping-cross. He who never felt the burden of his sin will yet be crushed beneath its*enormous weight, when, like some totter ing cliff, in judgment's dreadful hour it will fall upou him aud grind him to powder. No man ever goes to~ the chamber of true re pentance till the Holy Spirit lends him there, out every child of God knows what it is to look upon Him whom' he has pierced, and mourn for his sin. You must have repeut ancer for repentance is absolutely necessary to the Divine life. "Except ye repent, ye shall - all likewise perish." The prodigal must cry, "Father, I have sinned"; the publican. must smite on his breast aud pray, "God be merciful to me a sinner." When a man has his face towards Jesus, his back is necessarily turned on his sins*. As . well look far spring in the garden without the snowdrop as look for grace in the heart' without penitence. He leads them at the same time, while they thiuk little of them selves, to think much of Jesus. Were you ever led to the cross, beloved? Did you ever stand there and feel the burden fall from off your shoulders and roll away into the Bedeeiner's sepulchre ? There is no effectual cleansing for sin except by faith in that matchless atonement offered once for all on Calvary's bloody tree; und as many as are led there by the Spirit of God are the sons of God. The Spirit of God never led a man to think little of Christ and much of priests. The Spirit of God never led a man to think little of the atoning blood and of simple faith in it,' and much of outward forms and ceremonies. Now, my dear friends, has the Spirit ever made the Lord Jesus glorious in your eyes ? Brethren and sisters, this. is the'one point above all others. If the Holy Ghost has never made Christ precious to you. vou know nothing about Him. If he has not lifted Jesus up and sunk your own confidences if He has not made you feel that Christ is all you want, nnd that more than all in Him vou find, then He bus never wrought a divine; change in your heart. Kepentance and Faith : mast stand gazing upou the bleeding Saviour, or else Hope will never join them and bring Peace as his coinpauioii. When the Spirit has glorified Jesus, He leads us to know other trutbB, The Holy Ghost leads the sons of God into all truth. Others go astray after this falsehood or that, but the sheep of God will not.hear the voice of strange leaders— their ears are closed to their flatteries: "a stranger'wili they not follow, for they know not the voice of strangers." The children of God are led not only into knowledge, but into love. They are brought to feci the warmth of love &6 well as to see the light of truth. The Spirit of God causes every true . born eon of God to burn with love to tbe rest of the family. He who is a stranger to Christian love is a stranger to Divine grace. Brethren, we have our disputes, for we dwell where it must needs be that offences come; but we would be slow to take offence, and slower still to give it, for we arc one in Christ Jesus, and our hearts are knit together by His Spirit. Tbe Holy Spirit leads us into intense love for tbe -souls of sinners. The deril has more to do with some men's pitiless theology than they imagine. Christ wept over the sinner's doom. Hay the Lord save us from thinking of it in any other spirit. He who does not love his fellow man, whom he has seen, bow can be lore God, whom he has j not seen ? - Does God look with complacency upon_the ruin of our race? Did He not lore;"iDeu so" well- that He gave His only begotten.Son .for .them? And' will. ' He have His owntchildren, cold, stoical, and indifferent to tbe lose of bumau souls ? Beloved, if we dwell .with Cain and cry, "Am I my brother'* keeper ?" the Spirit of God never led us there; He lends ns into tenderness, sympathy, and tearful effort, if by any means we may save.Bome. Further, the \ Spirit of God leads the sons of God intoholi- j ness. I shall not attempt to define what holi- f ncss is. That is best seen iu the lives of holy i men. Cm it be seen in your lives? Beloved, ( if you aro of a fierce,' unforgiving j spirit/ the Holy Ghost never led you there ; if ' you arc proud and hectoring, the Holy Ghost never led you there; if you are covetous and" lustful after worldly gain, the Holy Ghost never .led you; there; if you are false in your statements aud unjust in your actions, He never led you there. If I hear of a professor of religion; iu the ballroom or the theatre, I know that the Holy Ghost never led him there; if I find u child of God mixing with the ungodly, using their spceoh and doing their actions, I am persuaded the Holy Ghost neverled him there. But if I see a man living as Christ would have lives, loving and tender, fearless, brave, honest in all things, minding to keep u good con science before God and meu,Thope that the Spirit of God has led him ; if I sec that man devout before his God and full of integrity before his fellow-men, then I hope that the Spirit of God is his leader and influences his character. 11 The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, good ness, faith, meekness, temperance ; agaiust such. there is no law. And they that are Christ's lmvc crucified the flesh with .the affections and lusts." 2\. How. does the Spirit lead the sons of God ? One great instrument which the Holy Ghost "uses upon the mind is the Word of God. -The Word, as. we. have it printed iu the Bible, is the great instrument in the hand of the Spirit for leading the children of God fn the right way. If you want to know what you ought to do,- say als the old Scotch man used to say to his wife, 44 Reach down yon Bible." That is the map of the way, the heavenly pilgrim's knap sack guide; ana if you are led by the Word of God. the Spirit of God is with* the Word, and works through it, and you are led by the Spirit of God. The Spirit of God also speaks through His ministers. May God grant that the ministry which you usually attend may be to you the voice of God. * May it oe guidance to your feet, comfort to your heart, iuvigonition to your faith, atid refreshment to 3*our soul; and while you are sittiug in the house .of prayer may you feci, 4* Hint word is for me; I came here not knowing what to do. but I have received direction; I was faint and wean-, but I have obtained consolation and strength. The voice of the preacher has been us the oracle of God to my soul, and now I go my way comforted, as Hannah did wkeu the Lord's servant had spoken peace to her soul " The Spirit of God does, I believe, directly, even apart from the Word, speak it the hearts of the saints. There are iuward monitions which are to be devoutly obeyed, guidances mysterious aad secret, which must be implicitly followed. -There will come to you sometimes, you know not. why, certain inward checks, such ah Paul received when he essayed to go into Mysia, but' the Spirit suffered him riot. There is a certain act which you might do or might not do, but uu impulse comes upon you which seems to suy, ♦4Nnr. ♦lnif.'T or " Nr>t now." Do not violate Not tliut," or "Not now." Do not violate that inward restraint. " Quench not the Spirit." Let me remark that being 44 led by the Spirit of God " is a remarkable expres sion. It does not say, 44 As many as are driven by the Spirit of God." No, the devil is a driver, and when he enters cither into men or into hogs, he drives them furiously. Remember how the whole herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea. Whenever you see a mati fanatical and wild, whatever spirit is in him, it is not the Spirit of Christ. The Spirit of Christ is forcible, it worketh mightily; but it is a quiet Spirit; it is not au eagle, but a dove. He comes as a rushiug wind, and fills the house where the disciples are sitting, bnt at the same time He comes not as a whirlwind from the wilderness to smite the four corners of the habitation, or it would become a ruin. He comes as a flame of fire sittiug upon each of the favoured ones, but it is not a flame of fire that burns the house and destroys Jerusalem. No, the Spirit of God is gentle; He does not drive, but lead. 4* As many as are led by the Spirit of God, they ore the sous of God." 3\. When docs the Spirit lead the sons of God? All, brethren, that question needs auxious answering. The Spirit of God would always lead the sons of God; but, alas! there are times when even children of God will not be led. They are wilful and headstrong, and start aside. The healthy condition of a child of God is to be always led by the Spirit of God. Mark this—led by the Spirit every day; not on Sundays only, nor alone at periods set apart for prayer, but during every minute of every hour of every day. If you have a guide along an intricate pathway, and you allow him to conduct you for half an hour, and then say, 44Now I shall direct myself for the next five minutes," in that short 6puce you will lose the benefit of having a guide at all. It is clear that a pilot who only occasionally directs the ship is very little better than'none. If you were traversing an unknown and diffi cult pathway, it would render all directions useless if you were to say, 44 They told me to turn to the right at this corner, but I mean to try the left." That one turning will uffect the whole of your after journey. If we err, and are really sons of God, our Divine Leader will make us retrace our steps with bitter tears, and feel what an evil and bitter thing it is to have chosen our own delusions.-' If we use our Divine Leader wisely, we shall always follow Him. Hear what God speaks the inspired volume, andif no light cornea thence, "Inieel; down" and pray. "When jou see u sign-post in a :country road, and it tolls you which way to go, you are glad to follow it* directions; but if in your perplexi ties you see no sign-post, what are you to do? Pray. "Cast yourself upon* the Divine guidance, and you shall i make no mistake. Beloved/the-Lord . will .never let a vessel be dashed ' upon the .rocks whose tiller has been given into His hands. Give up the helm to God,- and your barque will thread the narrow channel' of life, avoid every sunken .rock,, and arrive safely in harbour. Am t a child of God ? If so, I am led by the Spirit. Am I led by the Spirit? I am afraid some persbus never think ef that matter. By whom are we led ?• Hundreds of religious people arc led by their minister or by a Chris tian friend, and so far so good for them ; but their religion will be a failure unless they are led by the Spirit. Are you led by the Spirit ? If you are, you aro a child of God ; and if not, you are uono of His. Air! there is consolation. If you are a child of God, you will be led by the Spirit. Axe you in doubt ? A re you embarrassed ? Are you in difficulties? Then, tho sons of God are led by the Spirit, and you will be led. Perhaps you are looking a long way ahead, and. you arc afraid of difficulties in your old age,' or at the death of .a relative. .Now, God has not given us eyes to pry into the future, aud what is the use of our peering where we cannot see ? Leave it all to yohr heavenly bather, and you .will he unerringly led by the Holy Ghost. Then there is an assurance. • If led by the Spirit, you are most certainly, a son of God. Can you say, "I do yield my-' self up to tho Lord's will. I am not perfect —I wish I were; I am burdened with.a thousand infirmities; . but yet, if the Lord will teach me, I am willing to learn; if He will have patience with me, I will strive to follow Him. Oh, what would I give to be perfectly ' holy! I long to be pure within. I wish above all things else in this world that I may never grieve my God, but .walk with Him in the light as Ho is in the light, and have fellowship with Him, while the blood of Jesus Christ His Sou cleanses me from all .sin?"'* Sly brother,* be well assured that none ever longed like r'that but a child of God. Flesh, and blood hath, not revealed this ^nnto thee. Go home and rejoice in your sonship, and pray God, if you have been weak, to make you strong ; - if you have beeu lame, to heal you ; and .if .you have crept along on your hands and knees, to help you to walk up rightly ; but, after all, bless Him that His Spirit does lead you. If you can only walk, ask Him to make you run ; and if you can run, ask Him to make you niount on wings as eagles. You are sons of God if you are led by the Spirit, however small your stature and feeble your grace. The age, strength, or education of the man is not essential to his aonwiip, but the trueness of his birth is the nil-important matter. See ye to it that ye are led by the Spirit, or your parentage is not from above. j 