TIHE . HAUNTED OR,, 0OLONlL O0DY'S- SEARCHI. A - OMANCE OF TIIE. WEST. By COLONEL P1IENTISS INGRAM. Autor of "Te 'Mysterious Man in Blue." Etc. ' CIIAPTEI XX"I .--THE 'ATTACK. When Colonel. Ferrls saw how much in earnest Cody and: those with.hlm "wier Sto heed the waining of the Ghost; Guid 'of the Mountains, he did all:ln his power .o be readby ftgh:redil-skins should tlievy ",?;coma r.ion thelrraid:;: . tl ", ls dis 'ppontmeti nat not 'inding the outlaws In their retreat. as'more than compensasted for by having niet and de feated the Indians In the mountains :and havilng been able toget warning of their intended swoop. . . Coldas tle hnight :was and idtrn;out as lhe weasj , body yolunteered to go on a ride to the settlemtents tid add anotheri warning ofa, danger; blit this Colonel Ferris would'not listen to;oand in tile ur gency of:the case despatched an officer and two soldiers to make the ride and be sure that there was no mistake. The next s mrntringCod' hind some of his scouts went out to reconnoitre, and when they returned al noon. reported no sign of Indiaos, that the suhm- was meft Stheyaoofredsk ,.'s itley could catch the .fort and the canip wholly off their guard as'they btlieved. "And it will come to-tight, slir, if at all,".Cody added, firmly. "Well, waanre prepared for them here, and my couriers are coming in from the camps and report'that all am'Ž ready for an attack, though It is hard ftr any one .to,believe that the :Indians Intend'to swoop down from the mounitains at this tfmne."'., , . Night settledl down upon. the fort, with all prepared to be called to arlms'at any moment. Cody and all ils scouts were out after Sltghtfall,:gohli .on foot so as not to at tract ittention. Tierchief of scouts had gone alone, giving orders.to his men not St venture more than half a mile away from the fort, and, to thus encircle it, keeping within call of each other, and be ready to give the warning to fall back should any onenmake a discovery. The chief of scouts had Ventured a lit tle furtlher.thanl he had told his men tO go: The night was cool, but not frenz lng, and the walking was bhad, but the trail bhe was on;led'towards'the moun talns and was the only one by which the Indians would doubtless come. Suddenly he halted, for he distinctly sheard the splasli of. hoofs. He gazed fixedly ahead and saw a horseman com Ing Into view. "My Ghost Guide, as sure as death!" said the scout, and from his hiding-place he felt that he could hold upl then and there the 'weird horseman. "I'll treat him.squarely as lie has mei. But iwhy is he ciming here, I wonier?" muttered the scout Then-he called out: "Ho, Friend'.Ghost; I am Cody, and I ?m alone!"' The whivlllte horse was brughllt'to a sud den halt, and half .wheeled at the first tadrindof the scout's voice. rutitthe words seemed to reassure the rider, and he hesitated, and then came in a deep voice,tnost sepulchral in sound: "Colonel Cody, heed the warning I gave you. The red-skins are not half an bhour's ride away, and moving to attack the fort in large numbers. The camps and settlements will also be attacked at the same time." As the last word was uttered the white horseman wheeled, and rode away in the darkess as he had come. Instantly Cody turned and retraced his way hack to the circle of scouts. He gave the signal to fall bnck, anl.they. \---weret soon all'JuSt inlTide the post. "Men, the red-skins are coming. Keep a close watch, and fall back into the post ithe moment you see them approachlng. !Allwill be ready then;" and so saying the ,cout entered the stockade gate, and at once told the officer of the day that the Indians were coming. Going on to tile colonel's quarters, he told him of his meeting the ghostly gulde, and word was at once.sent round to call all the garrison silently to arms. In fifteen minutes the whole force was ready and soot flei' rte fcofl catlio in and reported that the iddiins ivert sur rounding the post. Thus the moments passed, until sud denly there was heard the tramp of rushing hoofs, and at the word of com mand a circle of flame flashed out, and hundreds of carbines and rifles rattled forth death, while the.artillery belched forth shells that Il'rst in the midst of the mass of warriors and ponies. The red-skins had made .their swoop, and expecting to: crush their foes, had suddenly been hurled back by striking \- against a wall of fire, lead, and iron, that cut them down without merry. 