Fair Comment. ..Take care of the municipalities and Parlia ment will take1 case of itself. \- *?...,?*?.' : * Get the minimum wage into the municipali ties — and get the contractor out. * * ie If the roots do not eat and drink, the tree dies; The roots are the people.— Zola. * * . * While you ' sleep the councils become hot' beds of toryism, and in the hour of your need there ,is only a crop of obstruction for you to reap. ^ * ? * * It seems that Parson Rentoul classes himself as a '.Liberal.' It is feared that if such an in scription weie put on his tombstone, his ghost would return and' chisel it out. * *'????? * Official warnings against a labour rush to Chillagoe. That is all right — but when are we to be officially told where labour can rush to, and getstmething more. than a crust ? *'??,. * ????*.' - The 'Argus' correspondent says that 'general opinion in W.A. is against Premier Reid's Federation proposals.' Fact is that . the Westralians who have opinions have no votes, and those that have votes have no opiaians, *. ? . . * . . * Hooley is new bankrupt. Why not bring hinxto Australia-,.to draft the finance clauses on thefcew Commonwealth Bill ? A committee of three, say, Hooley,G. D. Carter, and Levien, to be appointed with Matthew .Davies and the Commercial Bank as a Board of Advice. * * * Two new members (Joseph Morris, Stevedores' Society), and(\V. H. Beard (Bricklayers' Society) took their' 6'eat^ at Friday's meeting of the Trades,' Hal! Council. As this is the first time thai* the first-named'' society has been represen ted on the Council, and as it is some years since the,latter. body has ,sent a, representative, both delegates 'were warmly welcomed. ? Yery sad to hear of the Orange and Green disturbances spreading from Brunswick to Ire land. The Irish ought to know better than to quarrel among themselves, simply because the Irish Question was once discussed near the Sarah Sands, 16,000 miles away, ' . * ? * » Board of Health making a great deal of fuss about the measles. Perhaps- this is better than too .little fuss., But it is hard to convince the -public that measles is much worse than the sanitary arrangements of the municipalities which are directly controlled by the local Boards of Health. ? , :*? : * * If war should be declared against Spain, just watch and see the number of darn fools there are who did not have courage enough to vote for their liberty, but will go anywhere to kill some other working man because he is as unfor tunate and as big a fool. While both will pay taxes for the privilege of doing so. — '? Spokane Freeman's Journal ' (U.S.A.) -- .. , * * . * - The worker who subscribes to the paper ot 'his enemies, instead of a working man's paper, commits, a mental suicide, a crime toj his brothers and sisters, treason to his classi ' 'The press ~ of to-day is the most .effective means of enslavement. Let us seize this -lever, . and/ the press will 'be 'the most effective means of de liverance.— '?' Folkestaat ' (Germany); ' * ? .*?'????* ? Previous to the introduction of the linotype, ' Australian Star ' shares sold at £1. To-day the market price is &l; 8s. The wage . sheet is reduced, and bigger dividends are available for the idlers. — ' People and Collectivist ' (N.S. W.) , — And how much have the ' Argus ' and ' Age made out ot the same invention / , The vested interests of the compositor in his. trade are blasted to make men richer: * : ??*?.? * Proposal for a Central Wine Dep&t;: Govern ment to provide £50,000 for twenty years with out interest on the security of a powder magazine. Government to provide the powder magazine. Government to provide a railway to the powder magazine, and to be recouped by charging for works done in carting the machinery paid for out of its own money. This is not a joke. It is a serious proposal now re- - ceiving favourable consideration, from the Government. * * *' ' When Walter .Madden' was 'thrown' out of Parliament, w,ith other Pattersonites some .years ago, he got together the Australian National League for the airing of his eloquence.' 'It is on record that he shouted for the crowd on one oc ca3ion, when the significant number. ..of forty, was assembled. This League nominated a ticket for the Federal Convention. On this ticket. Turner was included ' as premier.' in ?, the most insulting fashion ?'. in ; . their . ability. Turner was then believed to be a Democrat! !l' !?' ,'?;:;?'?.:*:/,' #;.'''';;.-# f:-;\ . ',\ _ 'ii,^ ?'The Victorian Paper-collar, we meah'PatrioticV League was one of the; Tory., weapons ;£o. boost' up* Patterson some time ago when Victoria was. more alive politically. The paper' collars con sisted of twelve young men from' the banks;/ and two from the wool stores. These fourteen youngsters, with some' oldsters^ like' Murray Smith, Walter Madden, Langton, Levien, &c;, make up ? the Keform., Club. Add f.two shire presidents and a backblocks J.P., and, you have the Australian National League, the great political force ! * * * / ' Has anyone made it his business to test the financial soundness of the schema i, of .Labour^ Federation adopted last April at 'the Labour Conference at, the Trades Hail? Would it sur vive, for instance, a strike v or lock-out- of 25,000 men for three months ? Our reason for alluding to the matter is the factTtha^the ' Clarion'1 has been scathingly* exposing the unsoundness of what are known ia Great Britain as the-' English Committee's Scheme,' the 'Scottish, Committee's Scheme,' 'and 'Eyre's Scheme.' A; mistake 'in this matter may have such serious consequences that we, may be excused for venturing to ask for ' criticism of a scheme of Trades Federation, which certainly seems a good one on a first read ing. * * * H. G. Turner is manager of the Commercial Bank at a salary of £2500 a year. In the,bo'om this bank had a certain position, and it .was1 the first to ' reconstruct ' its debts.' So few,pepple hear about it now that it will be necessary, to remind readers that it is a large empty echoing building in Collins-street. H. G. Turner is a literary man, as well as a reconstructor. He has got literary taste— for a banker. He can read words of two syllables, and is a great ad mirer of his own verse and of Fitz Gibbon's.' He has published a volume on Australian Literature —and Victor Daley, the sweetest and best of our poets, is not even mentioned. Turner has just 'been lecturing to the Bankers' Institute on Insolvency. Every other banker in Melbourne was invited, aad some came. All laughed at Turner's magnificent cheek. Turner's bank has been mixed up in so many insolvencies— -but he knows too much about plutocracy's secr'et;em-.{ barfassments -to be openly^ derided; TurnerX divided insolvents thus,:— 1. Keckless specula tors. ;-:?? 2. Incompetent tradesmen}? ,3^' Genuine, victims of adversity. He doesn't appear 'to have mentioned -fraudulent insolvency — rand he doesn't appear to have remembered certain transactions 'with the Mercantile Bank which necessitated a change in- itie law go verningi banks. Turner might have Vgi ven information} about bank officials who were.nqt only reckless '» speculators, but incompetent tradesmen as well. Instead of this, he delivered a 'humorous' lecture.' The boom and its subsequent insoLi vencies may. be very amuBing to a Commercial - Bank official; but to make a lecture out of hit j ghoulish, cynicisms is simply, being mentally inn decent in a public place., p Dunkie dear, Dunkie dear t The public is a ninny, Note the way it lets your pals . , Collar all New Guinea. - * * *? There seems to be something very rotten just now with our Government administration. We have created riots in India by plague regula tions which we have had to withdraw ; and now ' we have created a revolt in Sierra Leone by im posing a hut tax which the natives assert they cannot afford to pay.—' Justice ' (London). * * * In 1895, Best, the Victorian Minister for Lands, in introducing the Mallee Land Bill, said that freehold was the only satisfactory form of land tenure. He. was afterwards com pelled by a section of the Labour Party to insert leasing provisions in the Bill. In 1898 hie de- . partment proves that leasing is with the farmer the most popular form of settlement, and Best now claims credit for the extension of the, principle. If I were King of France, Or, what's better, Pope of Rome, I'd have no fighting men abroad, , Nor weeping maids at home. All the world should be at peace,1 Let Kings assert their right. And those that make the quarrels ? ? ' Be the only men to fight. - 5 ' —Old Ballad. There appears to be something like tyranny in the way Dudley, the ' Christian Socialist,' is being persecuted by the police in Melbourne. Tf he is to be suppressed, the Salvation Army, and the other street religious shows should also be suppressed. ' There is very grave danger to the right of free speech and. meeting, if petty persecutions of this sort are not resented by the public. Probably it is the Socialistic tag: that damns Dudley in the eyes of the municipal and police authorities. * , * ? * Some time ago' a Victorian syndicate made, wild endeavours to get a Bill through the Local Parliament for the exploitation of the water power (nothing said about the smell -power) of the Yarra. ' The idea had to be abandoned be cause such a private monopoly was not to be got even in the interests or electric. lighting. What isto prevent this monopoly being handed over to the Metropolitan Municipalities— so that the enormous power going to waste every day may be utilised in the' interests' of 'the citizen's ' ? ?' ? ???-.-. ? '??.*..' ?' *?'? .??;;???.,'*.?'. ; i *', -i' ?' The leasing principle in its application ; to land should only; be parmitte^. to .obtain when the State holds the right to accept or reject any purchaser ; . when, it 'will prevent the; private: mortgagee from advancing money, or giving; credit on the security of the lease ? when it re- ' serves in its own hands the. absolute right to im pose, any taxation, it chooses; when it opposes, any but the bona-fide user from being lessee ; when it asserts ;that the1 '' unearned increment' is wholly and solely the property of the State ;- and when it abolishes' the mortgagee^ by itself lending money upon improvements'. ' ? .? Says, the ' Argus,' rcWeenen :^f' The^one Te-,. assuring feature of the case is that the ?integrity of officials of higher rank was not challenged.' Indeed I The Public Service Board^will^Have ? something to say to that when the inevitable enquiry is made. If' will then be shown that yery high officials were on terms of the closest intimacy and friendship with Weenen. .This, fact had a most demoralising influence-oh'the-' supervision, of the factory. Another aspect of the case, is that the position of draw back officers, their sfatus, salary, &c;, be inquired into. Control, of drawbacks is onerous and. re- sponsible — but, the officers are graded among the lowest, of :the clerical class. 