SUNDAY AT ROME. \-----+------ MUSINGS FOR SUNDAY MORNINGS. (Condensed from a sermon by the Rev. J. H. Jowett, M.A., of Carr's Lane, Birmingham.) "Stand, having your loins girt about with truth."--Ephesians vi. 14. A Roman soldier's girdle was a strong belt which he .wrapped around his loins, binding the armour tight to his body, and preventing it from inter- fering with the freedom of his action. The girdle braced him up, gave him a sense of firmness and a consciousness of compact and concentrated force. There was the civilian's girdle, as well as the soldier's, and this too accom- plished a similar purpose. Its purpose was to lay hold of the flowing Oriental garments which would otherwise flap loosely and catch the. winds, and be- come a serious impediment to progress, and to bind them about the loins, and give to the wearer a sense of physical firmness, resource and control. Such is the Apostle's figure. Now see the ap- plication. "Have your loins girt about with truth." Take the truth and wrap it round about your life. Wear it like a belt to give you strength. Do not let your life be loose, indefinite, limp and inconclusive. Let it be firm, as sured, decisive. "Stand, having your loins girt about with truth." Now, if any man wore the girdle of truth, that man was the Apostle Paul. He took "the truth as it is in Jesus," and he wrapped it about his life, and while he was wearing it nothing could intimi- date or dismay the grand old warrior. The belt gave him a wonderful sense of power. As he felt its bracing sup- port, he cried in the joyful conscious- ness of might--"I can do all things through Christ, who' strengtheneth me." So long as he Wore the Girdle' no enemy could overpower him. Suf fering, temptation, loss, death-let them come; "I can do all things." 1 How rarely we hear that note of absolute confidence in the religious life of to-day. We a-re more conscious 1 of weakness than. of strength. How is it? It is because we are not wearing the girdle. We are trying to live the Christian life withoit the sustaining power of the truths whidh Christ made kno~wn. Revealed' truth is the dynamic of the spiritual life. Let us put on the, girdle, and wealr it night and day. And now let me try to' put a girdle round "about some! of my readers who may need bracing up into spiritual confidence and strength. There are some who are careworn, anxious about to-morrow, wondering if the meal in the barrel will hold out, and if the cruse of oil will fail. Here is a great truth which I would ask you to put on and wear as a girdle, and wear it al ways, "Cast all your care upon him. for he careth for you." And' some are just beginning to live the Christian life, but they are a little fearful as to how they will fare on the morrow when the skies darken and temptations come thick and strong. Here is a great truth which I ask you to buckle on and wear like a belt---"Ha.l ing loved his own,he loveth. them 'unto the enld."And| there are some who know 'themselves to be so embedded in evil habit as to be almost hopeless of escape. They are coming to regard themselves as Almost Past Redemption: Let me ask all such to takes this truth and fasten it round about their lives- "He loved me and gave himself for me." "We are justified by faith." Take this truth and wear it, and paralysing despair shall yield to a bright and vigorous hope. "The king dom of heaven Is like unto a merchant man seelking goodly pearls."--Matthelw xiv., 35. "The kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchantman;" trau velling hither and 'thither in search of good pearls One day he dis covers a pearl of exceeding precious ness, far surpassing in its beauty and rarity any that he thenl possessed. What shall he do? Buy it. But it is of great price! Let him then sell some of the pearls he has, and so acquire this one of superlative splendour. The good must be sacri'ficed for the sake of the better. Now see the master's applica tion. The sacrifice of that which is good for the sake of that which is better is one of the dominant notes of the Christian religion, as it is one of the characteristic features of the human life. If I belong to the king dom of heaven I am in search of moral and spiritual pearls, and my conduct will be based upon the principle that I am willing to sacrifice a pearl of com parative worth for another of superla tive worth. This is an aspect of the Christian life which is sometimes over looked. We are commonly inclined to think that because a thing is good we are entitled to keep it. No, we are called upon to sacrifice pearls. There is one pearl which most people value, and which I suppose is treasured by every one of my readers-the pearl of Personal Lib'erty. Liberty is a precious possession; we regard it as of great and significant value. But suppose I discover another Dearl of greater value, which cannot be gained without the sacrifice of per sonal liberty, what is my duty in the sight of God? The duty of sacrifice; to sell what I have and buy it; to let go the one, pearl for the sake of getting the other. But what can be more Iprecious than personal liberty? Social redemption. Personal liberty is good, social redemption is better. By social redemption I mean a saved common wealth; the integrity and purity and sound moral health of social life. Tile moral wealfare of a city is of greater value lthan tlhe personal liberty of any individual citizen. If ever there was a man who loved liberty it was the Apostle Paul. He was a man of clear head and determined will, and so could use his liberty safely. le was a man of sound, hea~lthy conscience, and so could 'use his liberty widely, walk ing with bold and confident step. Yes, liberty -was a pearl which the Apostle cherished and prized. Was there a pearl of greater price? Yes. What was it? The integrity and conscien tiousness of others. Some of his fel low Christians had consciences which were easily offended. Their con sciences were like newly opened eyes, exceedingly sensitive, and they looked with pain upon the brilliantly glorious IL;berty reflected from the lives of some of their fellows. 'And regarding these Paul said-"We must not ignore our weaker brethren. Our liberty is a great joy, but we must not exercise it at the cost of their pain. We must restrain ourselves Ifor their sakes." And so he would not eat meat which had been offered to idolslestiheliberty should give moral offence and pain. He took his personal liberty and sacri ficed it for the sake of the integrity of others. This is another pearl which is greatly valued among men--.the Pearl cf Popularity. Yes, polMnlarily is a, pearl and not to be despised. The esteem of men is not to be regarded as a thing of no worth. The Scriptures do not counsel us to despise it. We are urged to watch against a false emphasis, and not seek the praise of men more than the, praise of (led. But if popularity be a pearl there is a pearl of far greater price, and to gain it we must be pre pared, if necessary, to sacrifice the pearl of smaller worthL We must be ready to let. go the pearl of pol)ularity for the pearl of truth. The esteem of men must be aIppranised as of infinitely inferior value to the preciousness of the goodwill of the holy God. Let us all be wise me.rcha.ntmeln, eager traders, ever ready to sell all that we have when we discover pearls of tran scendant worth. "As a . . . wind."Acts it. What is the Holy Ghost? How does he come? What is the nature of his influence upon the life of man? No one can put into speech an immediate in terpretation of the Spirit's work. We can search for parable and symbol. We can call in the aid of the, natural to dimly shadow forth the supernatural. How does the Holy Spirit come to me? Like wind. 'How does the Holy Spirit influence the spirit of man?Like wind. "Like a wind." Then he creates an atmosphere and temperature for the soul. How susceptible we are to the influences of the wind! The north wind blows, and, we are chilled with the diffused presence of ice and snow. The south wind blows, balmy, gentle, woo ing, and its touch is like a soft caress Yes, we are sensitive .to the presence of the wind. It creates 'an atmosphere in which breathing becomes a luxury or an, agony. The Holy Spirit comes like the wind. How does the atmos phere he creates affect and influence the life? In two ways. 1. "It is the Spirit that quickeneth." Then the in fluence he creates is like the warm breath of spring. How appallingly poor even a rich garden appears in. the early days of March! The riches are there, but they are buried and dormant. The garden is just as a graveyard, full of buried seeds and roots, waiting for the touch, of some lmagician's wand to people it with life. It abounds in sleeping possibilities, which will not be roused into wakeful realities until some warm breath has thawed their frozen life. At last there comes the spring, breathing resurrection warmth into the graveyard, and' the buried powers feel the quickening touch, and clothe themselves in the garments of light. "It is the Spirit that quickene:'h." Why, then, is man a graveyard? Yes, many of us are just tombs in which are lying possibilities buried and unsprung. I believe that God has planted seeds of possible power within, us which only a few have realised. For instance, there is the power of spiritual apprehension -the power to lay hold of God. How rarely we find it thoroughlly awake and mighty! There is the power of spiritual imagination. How rarely we find it 1 with clear eye, and strong, soaring wing! There .is the power of loving the outcast, the power of detecting the lovely wherever it is hidden, and of exulting in the discovery. Are not these powers, In the majority of men, lying in the tomb, waiting the spring breath, the wind of resurrection? 2. But here is another word which sug gests another influence of this wind, of the Spirit: "The grass withereth, the flower fadeth, because the Spiri.t of the Lord bloweth upon it." The Lord breathes, and some, things are withered. The wind of the Spirit creates an at mosphere In which some things, are destroyed. That is a note of the gospel in which I rejoice. I rejoice in the withering power of the wind. I look into my heart, the heart that I have consecraited to the King, and there is still so much there that can only be de scribed as chelff. Whatu shall 1 do with it? This is my hope: "He shall burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire." The fire of the love that saved me will burn away my chaff. That is a pro mise, and not a threat, to the Christian man. And so with this word about the withering winds. The word that qu.ickens the spiritual withers that which is carnal. It makes an atmos phere in which only the angels can live, and which the devil is unable to breathe. The coming of the Spirit means the torture of the devil. "Art Sthou come hither to destroy us?" Yes, always and ever. The wind thalt quickens also consumes. When the soul desert has been turnedl. into a garden, no lion shall be there, nor any raven ous beast, but it shall all be beautiful vith the presence of redeemed and fully 'sanctified life. 