Neily Prestoll; OR THE LAWYER'S (CNSPIRACY. BY THE AUTHOR OF "Efle Seafon ;' "Jessie _fdlvile;' "L Zucy, the Factdory Giri & - "Eustace, the Outcast." CHAPTER XL-o-.CO I?-nmUE.) He gave her another peculiar glance, and & blush of shame glowed for a moment on his face. "I believe you are right, wife," he said: "but I suppose it is all up now with Chipps snd Lady Clayton. The g-irl would go right off and tell the whole batch of secrets. The lawyer. I expect is in prison, and I will be taken there as soon as I can be moved. It is very kind of you. Mary," he added, bitterly, "very kind of you to preserve me from the ;allows." " Hush, James, do not speak so," she an swered. "N elly is in this house-she has never left it, and has told nothing except to us." " Ha, you are-you must be deceiving me. The girl would take the first opportunity to be of to Leeds." "5Tndeed, Jlames, I am not deceiving you," said his wife, earnestly. " ?What I say is true-every word; and you know I never told a lie." "No," returned Walsh, slowly: "but it the girl be here, I must see her. I shall then be satisfied. "I will bring her," said Margaret, rising and leaving the room. - In a few- minutes she returned, accom panied by Nelly, who went forward to his bedside, and said she was glad to know he was somewhat better. " Tou have not been to Leeds :" he said. "I have not." she replied. " No one there, no one out of this house, knows what I have learned, and I promise not to do oz say anything in the matter at present." This assurance seemed to satisfy Walsh, forhe turned his head to the other side of the bed, and immediately sank into a deep sleep. For many days after this he lay in a state of great prostration, quite conscious, but very weak-helpless almost as a child. Patiently and munweariedly his wife tended him all the rhile, doing her utmost to pro mote his cora'ort and restore his strength. He received her attentions in silence, but eften evinced a rcstless uneasiness, as if en during menta. suffering: and this he was silently experiencing to a great extent. Laid upon that bed of sickness, and unable to chase away reflection from his mind his wasted life presented its 'o before him in all its hideous deformity. First of all. he thought how little e n deserved such -indness at the hands of his wife. Justly might she have left him to himself in his agony and helplessness, for he was -ware how utterly he had crushed out of her bosom the love she had once borne hi-, and how completely he had placed hims._i beyond the pale of her sympathy. Yet here s'le was a close atten dant by his sick bed, wv:atching him with the most tender solicitude, smoothing his pillow Sso gently, antic.,ating his wants, and sup pivig they, cre they were uttered. SAll this cut him to the heart. It was heaping coals of fire on his head, and no more efectual means could have been taken to bring him to a sense of his guilt and culpa bility. Whatis there on earth more terrible to en dure than the pangs of remorse! Oh, it is a dreadful realisation when the soul, deep stained swithshin and crime, becomes conscious of its guilt, and sees that milt is the light of moral truth. Then there is nothing; but a fearful looking for of judgment and ery- in dignation. But this i-s not all-this is not the worst; the judgment of indignation could be borne, because in enduring it there is something like the satisfyving sense of making atonement : but joined to this there is an aching void of regret and stlf-reproach, which fills the soul with sorrow too heavy to sustain. Walsh felt this in all its horror, for he thouzht of the time when first he folded hi' youthful, blooming Mary to his heart, an-i whispered to her words of love. MWhat iuF7erting had he brought upon her, and how different it might have been! But now-now he was the worst of criminals ruined for time za=d ruined for eternity. For days these a .ul thoughts tortuned him and he endured them in silence. But at lastthey gre-to, o -'-.nising to he rest-ined, anud in very desnerauion he gave expression to them. It was a calm 'onrnt evenanr in Airil. and Mary sat by his oedside alone. She thou-ght he was sleeping, and had drawn torch a Binle to refresh her pious spirit at the foundation of Divine blcssing. Chancing to look un lihe saw a strang-e and unexprted sight- Her hmuband was not sleep-n. a- she hal sup p--esed--he lay ig-azng intently uponi er, and an nuSne- teardro,. stood in either e'e. So s-rir:k was she tha- she could on-v sit and iooknt imnr. "31ar," said he. "how is i thav you and Menx have been o ind i o iie in my illn-s". thou-h I have s--e you both =o il. and you k-nowthat I -ommnin e, i he wort of r-ime -: "* L_?us e e .ar to .ani-.* J-mes-'" a-in E'i.ered hi5 wife. "- Tnis book I hna in m-r hand teachei us to n-, a' we have d- e. an-c d our le.ici-s Saviour s-t u- the g-,>r-ous ex ample. Y-nur conduct hii-. e-rieven us--deep-r __uriev-ei us-but our f-sih-es -.re more h,,e 4of .-orrw Than of anier. -., We birerlr ianien red vour wiktedness, nut most of all for your o .-n take?. " " A. y,~, a?rt," r-oaned Walsh, in a tone of gen.--_-ss he had no? u'ed to her for many i-ears. -" vou have ,-use to hate me as badly a s w--man ever hated man. Don't oue reimemier when I woed and won you in the wm.os of (a.ton, how I vowed to lore and ,-.ri-h .,u --rouih - fe - It was then that. '=Ievin-: v. n uar promxses. you confil?v-sy -avd Tour C,-n uph'" my si_-ulier and gave youar maid'n heart into my keeping. Do 1'..-, Jenits, I remember well," sobhe& .e -ixe-,..braugh fast ri.inZ tears. - "M- iany years have passed since then; but what have they brought to you ? Miser-. wretchedness, and woe. Here I lie this evening, all that is vile, and with the damn ing weight of human blood upon my soul : and there yon sit. a wronged and betravyed wife, robbed of joy and peace, and all that makes life comfortable. I have thougrht of this as I never thought of it hbefore. Not till Ilay inmy helplessness, and saw you watch ing devotedly over me. did I see my conduct in its horrid baseness. Would to heaven it were a dream-would that I could live my life over again. But the wish is in vain. I am lost, accursed, and self-damned." "Hush, James: do not talk thus," said Mrs. Walsh, with a shudder. "- This blessed book tells us there is hope for us all. Sinners far more wicked than you have been par doned. and- " " That is not, cannot be tru^." interrupted Walsh, hastily. "A mire wi"ked man than me never lived. No repentance can save me. One deed I have done which shuts the door of hope against inme. Pam a mniur.ierer." Mrs. Walsh was .sil.eit. .She was sure he was alluding to the supposed death of Albert Clayton, and did n6t dare to undeceive him -at least before she had taken counsel of others. " I can make no atonement for my deeds." continued the remorseful man: but at least for the murder I can die. If I recoyer from the illness, it will only be to give myunelf up to justice, confess the crime, and suffer for it.'" His wife rose in great agitation. and with a bursting heart proeedhled towards the door. "Don't leave me. Mary," pi-aded Walsh. "I will return innuediately," she an swered, and vanished as she spoke. She was gone for some little time, when shearrain entered the room, and taking a seat by the bed, laid her hand on the sick man's arm. "James." she said in a solemn, impressive tone., "iyou were indeed "uilty of an awful crime on that fearful night on Waterloo Lake. So far as your intention and belief went. you there foulk, murdered Albert Clayton." "I did-I did," groaned Walsh, hiding his face with one hand. "But," continued his wife. " I have strange news to tell you. A merciful Pro vidence interposed to prevent the deed being actually committed." He suddenly took away his hand and re garded her with a look of "amazing inquiry. "Tes, it is as I say. A youthful pair, walking that night near the spot heard the' youth's cries. They had taken shelter be hind a tree, and you passed close Ii them, though you did not see them. They, how ever, saw and recognised you. When you had disappeared on the road, they ran with all speed to the edge of the lake and saw the young man rise to the sitrface. At great risk the youth made his way to where he was floating and rescued him." " Mary, you are mocking me," cried Walsh, starting up and grasping her wildly by the arm. "No, James: what I state is a solemr truth. Albert Clayton is not dead. He is at this moment alive and well, and his rescuers were Margaret and William Sime, her lover." "5ive-Albert Clayton alive !" he re peated. with quivering lips, whilst his bosom heaved to bursting. "It is false-it is a de lusion ? I will not believe it." " Will you believe th'e evidence of your own eyes, then:" cried a cheerful voice, and at the same moment Albert Clayton entered the room, dressed exactly as he had been when, accompanied by WValsh, he went to the Park. Walsh stared at him in bewildered and horrified astonishment. " Come, feel me," said Albert, as, with a smile on his frank, handsome face, he ap proached the bed; "feel me, and convince yourself that I am not a ghost, but real flesh and blood. I didn't mean to let any of you know-at least at present-that I am still in the land of the living: but as Mrs. Walsh tells me you are full of repentance and re morse on account of my supposed death. I thought I would ease your mind a bit by let ting you know the truth. I don't think you will make a bad use of the knowledge." " Thank God your blood does not lie on my soul," gasped Walsh. with a long sigh of re lief. " I feel some hove now. I may aban don my wicked life and reform." " That's right." returned Albert. " It's not the thing for a fellow like you, who was once an honest, rig'hthearted man. to give yourself up to villainoun' courses. You have better stuff in you, and I am nur, of it. You have the making of a nohdefeliow, if you will only shake off the connection with Chipps. Bob Preston, and Lady Clayton, who are jad to the core. everyone of them. Now. what sai -out Will you he,-eforth stick to trut, and do the right thing, and we'll stand by you, and ere lon,. you will re?cove_ your self-respect, and be happy yet with your angelof a wife"' " God blca you. sir ." exchaimnei Walsh, after a violent struggle with his emotion. " Heaven help me, I will do as vlu say. Msari. wiil you-can you f,'rgive me -" (.Gladli, -James-joyf ully." Claptcr yrii. THE DEATH OF WALSII. Wonderful and blessed is the rower of kind ness. in itS. very gentleness anti unobtrusive ness lies itsstrength-a treincgth far mightier than any violence or apparent f,.rce eans exer eise. Before it the stutborn will. the hardest hear.n the msst alandsned natur"- has been suiduned. ineltei, and ovvr-ome. l;v it. when a5l esse has fiiled. th," ,',,s,.,,n hii i,,sen reached and snmitten into ,ontrition. the sin m-istei soul an s been 1 ie .-m i it, :'1tter ri poentance, the withered ani s--,r,-hed a ff..ctions hare bee,_nmadc t,? tu-h ,,ut :n their ,l.d, hann nel. and, an entlir', ,'hanl:'_- i:as p'assed upon the . ms thin". L-" this sihty pol:nt powcr of kimin,=ss lit e and tt,,nrish in the w'ri. Whi it i. the niw_-n,?st of fomrce.' it ca*n be wiblel,:. iby the we::kest hand. Tihe Tnek and ii-l'.-nte Woi"n "in ca--t . t t'1 put forth its stmi-"est intinili-'; it 'arms her with an irresi. t,,ile i-:. , -n, i.'st.s i,,'r with a i.oy s-.*ri ry. tNt 5i t"' .arthquake of ., -i,,::::t-- reproach, niot in the fire of fierce ins -yive, but in the still .mall voice of love, and in love'is quiet act.t ,_,f dsevotion are to be found the st'mgr--t., foraes- of hunman ageinty and renewing the basest nature. And never was its amazing power more 'signally manifested than in the case of Jim Walsh. For many long rears he had lived in hardened depravity. Having severed all ties between himself and virtue, his nature was brutalised, his conscience,utterly dead, his moral sense defaced, and his religious im pressions obliterated. He was restrained by nothing but the consequences of human de tection, no consideration of affection or grati rude could move him; he lived and acted in utter disregard of those around him, or con nected with him, wronging and injuring them without compunction, for the sake of what he conceived to be his own selfish in terests. This was a state of hardened wickedness and moral abandonment which no remon strance or expostulation or threatening could pr-vail against: yet kindness suddenly broke the thnty rock, and softened and subdued its stubbornness. His thoughts, feelings and desires were now totally changed towards his late victims. Not for worlds would he now act aainst them in the interest of Chipps and Lady Clayton. On the contrary, he felt an ardent desire to baffle these plotters, and render justiceto those whom they had sought so foully to defraud. As yet be it remarked, no higher motive animated him. The change of feeling was so marked and thorough that none around him doubted it. So well convinced were they of it that they freely trusted him. and conversed freely with him on all the matters. On two points they gave him information which was new. and which greatly interested ":im. He had been kept entirely in the dark as regarded Harry. He knew quite well that Chipps had a pecu liar interest in {getting back the boy who had run away from him, and whom he had been commissioned to trace and recover. but he did not suspect he was the only child of Sir Humphrey's eldest son, and therefore the true heir of the estate. The other point in which he was enlightened regarded Nelly, and the trick which Chipps had played Bob in giving him a copy of the will only. and retaining the original in the cabinet. Once, when Nellv was alone with him, he ques tioned her particularly as to the place in the room where this cabinet stood, and the man ner in which the lawyer touched the secret spring which gave access to the private drawer in which she had seen him deposit the document. Nelly answered as well as she was able, and he lay and pondered deeply on her replies. Walsh was not able in return to give them any new intelligence, so well did they already know the secrets of her ladyship and her lawyer; but he was able to confirm the idea that Margaret was Sir Hfumphrey's daughter, and this he did frankly and positively. I-He had removed her when an infant from Clay ton, at the instigation of Chiiipps, and was able to do it without suspicion, inasmuch at the very time he had an infant daughter who died, and by dressing the little body in the clothes worn by Sir Humphrey's infant child, it was supposed to be the latter. Amelia Saughton. the present Lady Clayton. who was then the artful companion of Sir Hum phrey's second wife, and already aspired to be her successor. managed to drug the drink of the nurse who had charge of the baby, and while she lay insensible the change was ef fected and the dead child placed under her to cause the supposition that she had overlaid it. It was found, and the death so accomuted for. and the poor deluded mother, then her self hastening to the tomb, kissed the cold pale lips of the infant. beliering that it was the corpse of her own little Margaret. In a few days she did, an'r'the infant of Walsh and the second Lady Clayton were laid in one grave. the grieved but deluded baronet be lieving that the dark receptacle received both his wife and child. Matters being thus adjusted and explained between Walsh and his late victims, the former began gradually to recover his strength. The process of convalescence was a slow one, for the fever had been fierce and wasting. but under the tender nursing of his now happy wife, and tithe less cutting feelings of his conscience, he perceptibly improved, and the time came when he could rise for a few hours every day. One morning when =Mrs. Walsh went into his room, she was amazed to find it empty. Jim was not in bed as usual, and his clothes were gone. In dismay and consternation, she ran and acuuainted the others with the jiscovery. They could not believe it, thought ;he must have overlooked him, and ran in a cody to the chamber. True enough, it was empts. and the bed had not much appearance if having been used on the prevuis night. Phey ran to the door which opened int,, thi. :lose, and bd it on the latch. William 3ime iieclareo? at he had locked it the night meforc. and left the key on the inside; clearly :herefore Walsh had departed, and by the loor he had made his exit. They loked at each other in blank and silent astonishment. ])ebor.h was the first ,o speak, and in indi.nant agitatimn she ex. :haimed that Wal-lh had gone away to betray ;hem-that his sorrow and-ontrition was all spretence. and that now their enemies would :esunie their muahinations a.ainst them. iXi tani Sinme echoed the same opinion. So lid N-els, and even 3Mm-. Walsh. with tears ,nd sobs, shook her head and fearzd it must " I can't believe it." cried Albert Clayton with his usual generosity of sentiment an. freedom from suspicion. "" It's impossibb that yon appearance of shame and remorse zold be dee'ptive, or the hearty satisfactir with which ihe espoused our sids. Bad as ht was Walsh had, not a sneaking, smooth. de. _ivin_ way with him. I have studied him \- good dean' and I believe he is what ht eems, whether he means well or ill. lb an't put a fetce or act a part." "" But how explain this sudden and unex peeted flighti" asked William in a tone ol incredulity. " CUai it absence. not flight," returned Albert. " I'explicable it is to us now, lbi wait a liitle, and in all likelihood he will ex plain it himself." His listeners shook their heads, Mrs. Walsh herself was very doubtful, and most of the' others feared the worst. William Sime counselled the instant adi.ption of measures to frustrate any attack which might be made upon them. If Walsh was gu,? to tell all ie had learned, and ail that had happened him, tiisr wa' no doubt that Lady Clayton and Chipps would with all speed try to 'remedy '-he mifort'ane. - - Still Albert elear to his hop? in th reality of Walsh's rIpentanee.-and would not admit that he thought he had turned traitor. And eo the day pasaed. and he did not return The morrow arrived, and still he came niot All the forenoon and all the afternoon they aervously watched and waited for him. At lark they were seated in the blue parlour. each more convinced than ever that he had Betrayed them. Albert would not yet admit this. but he did not so readily and confidently express his faith in hinm. As they sat conversing on the subject, the ioor.was quietly opened, and Walsh glided min and sat down in the nearest chair he came to. A universal exclamation greeted his ap pearance, and all rose and gazed upon him. Hle was very'- pale and seemed weaned and exhausted. His chest heaved, as if it was weak and panting for brdath, but there was a light of pleasure in his eye, and an expres sion of sati.faction on his features. "Oh, James, where have you becan?" asked his wife, as she hurriedly approached him. " You thought, of course, that I had de serted," he said, in a faint tone-" gone off to see-Chipps with information against you all Ahl, I see you did. Well. don't wonder at it, for I deserve to be suspected, and the secret way I went off looked traitorous." " We had all bad thoughts of you except Albert.." cried William Sime. " He would never allow us to say that you had turned false. but was strong in the belief that you would return with an explanation." "Did you, sir?" exclaimed Walsh. his face flushing with pleasure. " Were you soa generous towards me-you who had most cause to distrust me ?" "Pooh," rejoined Albert, " I am pretty good at knowing what stuff a man is made of, and I saw that there was no humbug about you. When you were found to have gone. I said so, and I have not been deceived -that's all." "Bless you for your good opinion, sir," rejoined Walsh. in a grateful tone. " It is not the first time you have said so, and your words, as much as anything, made me re solve to do right. Well, I would have told you I was going, but I thought if you knew my intentidus you 'might try to hinder me. Besides. I did not know'if I would succeed, and I don't like anybody to know when I fail.- However, I haven' t failed, for here's the paper" \- And as-he i-spoke he drew- from his bosomn.a folded document, and hauded. it to -Nelly. who stood in front of him .-: " My father's will I"'exclaitned Nlle wv0ho recognised it in a moment. and stood- with it min her hand, starig " at Walsh. iu astonish ment. The latter nodded, winked, and smiled in a satisfied way'-. "How in all the. world did you get it ?" in quiredAlbert._.. " Went to Le-eds for it'" answered Walsh_. I couldti't r. t till I got thust paper, for I thought it would he some small atonement to the ginrl for my share in her bad ua e.. and serve to show yoi all it was no sham rep. t ance that I professed." "Then yn, saw Chipps and demanded it of him." "'Not likely," returned Walsh. I knew. that w-as the worst wary t, go about. it, so I did nor atcnipt'it. Chipp knows nothing about it-being here, butn thinks it quite safein his secret drai wer. How_ I got it there; or into the-house at all waiiiout anvbody seeing me. -it doesn' n matter. There's the will, and. both Bob Pres ton and C'i-pps are done out of the pr?prty_" SBravo !" cried Albert. ".Tkat's.a stun ning tricek. We ilave 'he bal lwholly at our feet noy: ttheay are hb: ftle at e-err point." "- O. r nie.s-~-ami"!'" screamel M rs. Walsh. :s she .pr-anoi-fcr-ard to support her husbandiwho had sudde'ndy placed his hand upon his brease- "She aas just in time to re ceive hinm as he fell heavily forward. He had fainted. - - This threw themi ali into great agitation, out by Albert's presence of mind he was promptly conveyed to the room he' had so long occupied, aud iaid upon his bed. In a few intiites he revived, and confessed that the journey had b'een too much for him, and that it had knocked himn upa a good bit, but She had no doubt a few hours rest would re vive him." "Tell me," cried Albert, who had a pain fuil suspicion of the true state of the case, "did you spend any portion of last night in the open air." Walsh hesitated a few moments. " Well, yes. I did," he at length replied. "I was forced to watch a while opposute Chipp's door for in orprtuuity to get into the hi,,ise. As luck wot'ld have it. he did not soon go to bed and -s Ld to stand wa'iing for ' cu-pl" of hiours or so." . ,i A,,d ,hire d'd von apend the rest of toe night:"" asked -berta.be , Oh, in a snug plhe-.' returned.Walsh. " Wa. it under a roof ?" "W'I'el'" l'auuhed- Walsh. "if you will have it, I apent the rest of a night in a hay stack out-inc the town. I iad strong reasons for not going to any house in Leeds. as I wanted to be off here by the first train." " I was sure you had spent the night in such a place," observed Albert, shaking his head. " How dri you guess it " asked Jim, with a curim-s 1 lk. " By thOs" secas on your coat," was the uicet am-swsr. " md. -.ir, you would make a capital de tectir,-," - i~-d Jim. "But," he continued, " I was -iaukeiel after all. for I fell sound a. r .up: and didn't wake in the morning till after tlii' ;rain had pass,-.i. The next was a mail. anS contfonud it. I aidn't the full fare, so I hIa, to walk scv.ersd miz. " t',o1 God !" ejae.uat.d Albert. " The expiasure and fati'.ic a:faer such a fovrc." " y por hus',ani,." si..hec.d Mr. al h her arms ..,ouit hi.S ne-k and kissii._- him. dlar.rarer iis, '.:te f',ward and took hisi hand rnd Nelly' s:d,- h"',' very -rry sltes.was that he ha'- l-i n ' a so touch fir her. ""TVhat wai it to "h-t-- you ,sun dlua.. at my hands?" retr., i-lsh, w.ii was sbhaking an, ' 'hivring with a a unttc-k of fever. HIe strove E:i .) ,. pp'rss ::i iianifestation of s-ii,- r-n0'_ L-: s,,:-: hiiS brian was again atct.i, anid 'ance us',-r-. tue fcvcr-lien'l had hii in his power. ', tak as he was, this re lapse sh,.ok and sha~ere-e him to a terrible degreC. On 1he eighth day the doctor told bam that the crisis was come, and shock hi& tusit -l,-;in t ri rCstfi- . tCruune' - p, not. the calm, tranquil stumbhr he haid formerly enjoyed. when the delirium left him. The doctor noticed this, and from it inferred the worst. About midnight Walsh awoke and knew them all. The doctor took hold of his arm and felt his pulse. It was wild".and ir regular. lie ordered soothing powders and rose to go. In the blue parlour he was surrounded by the anxious watchers, who asked his opinion of the state of the patient. "Do not be afraid to tell us plainly, doc tor," sobbed the weeping wife. " Out of a kind feeling you may be tempted to deceive us, but it will be a mercy to declare to us the truth." " I am glad you have put it to me thus," returned the doctor. " Mly painful duty is to inform you that he will not recover." "God's will be done," groaned Mfrs. Walsh. And she turned away and proceeded to the chamber of sickness. Walsh himself suspected the truth, and put the question bluntly to Mary. She was too true to his best interests to deceive him, and told what was the doctor's opinion. To every one the near and certain prospect of death is solemn and awful, but however firmly and composedly they may be able to look at it, to most it is dreadful to contem plate, while to some it is utterly appalling. Of the latter number was Jim Walsh. The -ircumstances in which the solemn prospect bad approached him, the position in Which it. had found him, made it doubly gloomy and terrible. But lately he had scoffed at the hereafter, and laughed at retribution. Ah, but that was when he was strong and full of robust life-it was when he was in the full and- unchecked tide of his wicked career. Now he was stricken down with weakness, life with its concerns was ebbing away, and he was brought face to face with the solemn problem. He could not so.coftf and snee.at..-o itnow. The,divine witne.ss within him rose up to force its claims on his attention, and the eicep instincts of his soul would not cast aside that future to which it was so vitally and essentially related. There are. men in our day who, led on mainly by scientific research and discovery, have gone far astray from the ancient land marks. The Bible, they spay. is for the most part a collection of oeautiful fairy tales, im mortality is a mere matter of opinion, God is "an eternal, not ourselves," or '" a stream of tendency" that makes for righteousness, and life itself is a thin, to be lived in righteous ness and self-denial certainly, but not as in the sight of a divinity that shapes our ends. It is, however, in the day of sorrow, in the hour of death, that religion has her triumphs; those -times when earthly voices are stilled, when a heavenly power irresistibly manifests itself to us, and we feetl. that the great articles of our faith rest not upon doubtful interpretations of obscure passages, but upon - the witness of our hearts and the experience of our lives. -The result briefly and shudderingly ar rived at, by Walsh- was that there was a hereafter, and he was about to meet it. We say shudderingly; for if it meant anythingto him it meant retribution. There he lay steeped in sin, covered by a very mountain of transgres.sions, any single one of which must produce a fearful reckoning. No wonder then that Jim Walsh was appallel when he knew that lie had only a few days-perhaps only afew hours-to live. One comfort there was for him, and he could not help clinging to it. His last deed-that one in the doing of which he had virtually sacrificed his life was of an atoning kind-atoning, that is, in a human sense; for it was the rendering a signal service to a girl he had wronged. He wvas not a little satisfied at having done it, even though ithad led him within the portals and shadow of death. But oh ! he bitterly felt - that this availed not to atone for his wastedlifie-his long course of vice and crime -and in his extremity he asked his weeping wife for aid. Four days of respite were granted him, and duringthat time by the help and direction of those who surrounded his dying bed, he was prepared in some small degree for the dread realities of that world on which he was about to enter. He was told in what direction tr look, on whom to rely, and taught to repeat a hymn, which he uttered with a vehement earnestness. Op this raft he committed his departing soul to the dark and swelling Jordan. 'Who dare say that he was engulfed and carried down the eternal rapids? And yet he could - not presume to depict an end like his in colors too bright. At the best it was a despairing venture, and the trust he was enabled to place in Divine mery was a trembling trust. Hlis hope sprang out of utter abandonment; his faith could not, perhaps, be defined. And so he died: and his faithful wife, who had wiped the death-damp from his brow, closed his eyes and breathed a prayer for his flutter ing soul, about to wing its way to the 'oar of judgment. Let the vell hang down, let none of its sable folds be disturbed, let un ?eave the dead one to the justice and mter'y that reigns be hhiii it, assured that imercy will joyfully descend where justice can give her room. He was buried in the Kecropolis, followed tothe grave by very few, but Albert Clay ton and William Sime lowered the cofin re verently into the grave, and the former dropped a, tear on the lid before the earth had time to fall and cover it for ever up. On their way- back, when passing a stationer's shop, Albert chanced to glance at a printed bill which contained the contents of that morning's paper, and one line which met his eye caused him to pause and start. The line was this: ".Death of Sir Itumphre3 Ciayton." (To na cogTIamED.) ISIR5ESS : "i You i hould nOt put yett fine-r in the pan; it's not nice." -ary : -' Oh, yes, mum, it is; but it wanta _somne more salt.' Ms~s GuSn: "And what is the baby's name ." fr,. Newmother: "I've named him Etheit ert Algernon." Miss Gush: "" But I always thought the Eather namedt the hors." Mre. Ne-rmother : " If you could hear what hisa ratrcalls him when he is walkine the floor with 1m at early dawn you wor~l? not -?-onder I took matters intom?-y O' - Pct u:, t a1 1. p~tb ishers h~ A. E. BC~z BORN', foe~ the pZQIprietor, L. L, J h , tha -oos 142 Q~tteenulberry-street.f or tI4ýelbourat. 