HE WAS HAUNTED. Fischek's ghost has been laid, to tho regrot of thoso who have cherishod him as a winter story for the firosido. Ho is no longor bo lioved to sit on top of a three-railed fenco as a cluo to tbo discovery of his bonos in a stagnant pool. But there is a man in the Glebo, Sydney, who was haunted by a spectre which novor left him. It was with him as he sat all day mending shoes, and in tho dark and silout watches of tho night it clung to him, and ho began to look upon it as a fearful part of himself until his time would como to outer into tho spirit laud. It was a grim nnd horrible exporionco, and all his days and nights wero spent in trying to solvo tho enigma of its presonco, and tlio way that ho could lay it, as they had laid Fischer's ghost. Tho worst of tho matter was that it was invisible to all but himself; ho was worso than haunted, it tortured him, for this spectro loved to givo him pain. At lougth tho means wore given to him to free himself of its hateful presence, and ho describes his last fight with it to our representative who waited upon him at 80 Bridge- road, Glebo : —*' For tho past eight years," said Mr Win. Burko, shoemaker, " I hayo endured vory much from constipation aud piles ; no medicino seemed to do mo good. At night I could not sloop, and by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took could free mo of pain, until I tried Dr. Morse's Indian Hoot Pills, aud now I can say that they are tho best romody I havo over known, as thoy do not gripo or weaken, aud yet do all that is said of thorn. I am a better man to-day than I have boon for years. It is a grand cure." Dr. Morso's Indian Root Pills euro such cases. They aro a positivo euro for livor ailmonts, sick headacho, biliousness, indigestion, dyspopsia, consti pation, foul breath, sallow complexions, and a perfect blood purifier, curing eczema, pimples, blotches, and all skin diseases. As a woman's best friond thoy stand alono. Sold by chomists aud storekeepers, price Is Iyd per bottlo, or six bottles Gs. If un able to procuro whom you reside, Tho "W. 11\. Comstock Co., Ltd., 58 Pitt-stroot, Syduoy, will forward same upon receipt of prico. Mr Justice Cohen will presido at the Maitland Circuit Court on Octo ber G. 