Lady Valworth's Diamond CIHAPTER VIII. And now aL maddening regret occurs to her. The bell! why had she not thought of that sooner ? To cross the room, to pull violently at it--even 'I iher effort fuilerd to bring one of (di? serIvaimIts (a most likely thing, ' n ,I1 thie sctlvants sleep at the very ' .o of thie house)---at least she mig' lt have lanrmedl this midlnilght assar ,? ll,,dm sent him flyilnR fIom thie s·ene cf ,hi unlawful labours. ]But nov ! Is lt oo' Ilate yet ? Almost parl.ysetl Ob fear as,'tie is, she rises ?Atliolusly ,olan her 'elboiw, and is just. ubout to, make a mush for the ell when The dcoor beyo. tnd opens sloly, ~,nid a tifigur?. iha looms large 'nt :terrible in the lilght of. the tlhin lump ?T tarries appee:rs upont the ihreshold. Millicent, lx, nurmbed, Yascilnted. starinlg with \sile eyes, sees a man dlressedl in the common totrse fustian suit, of an nrt1.-tn. The face is hid den; over it a. mask of black satin is drawn carefully. 'Ms.gives a last touch of terror to a Ipresence already lbig with fearful mystery in the eyes of the poor girl g:azing at it, inna spell-bound anguis-h, from over the frilled andt dainty lincn·iheeting. It is an imposilble 'thing, in spite of all wise writers to the contrary, to account for himan feeling-to ar range for whatdt will cdtse the owner of it to do or say on certain occn sions and undi?reertain circumstances. Millioent, a moment ago more dead than alive, iJhen her fear was hidden from lier, now that it.nppears before her in fiesh:and blood and anabomini ably. bad suit of clothes, feels her souli se s"ithin her, her, courage grow apace, rand lifting her .eyes-though still ijn a very agony..of doubt and horror--~she staresat , the intruder with :some small semblance of defi aIico. - . . . . The intruder, however, .being no doubt a man of base mind, to whom lofty sentiments are unknown, re lturns her would-be haughty glance thlough his mask with an air calm as a summer eve. '-Get up.!' he says-neither more nor les-?, but just this concisely. It is a demand that Miss Grey in'her inew-born fit of courage sees fit to sHcorn. I . : 'I shall not!' she says from her ,stronghold behiid the bedclothes. . However ignominiously she.behaves; afterwards, it must.now be said of her that she is filled, with. a high couarage. ' Won't you,?' says the man in fus tian. His tone is remarkably.high'and squeaky ; not-as Miss Grey remarks, even at this awful.moment-like the. voice of any human thing she has ever heard. 'I give you just three minutes to- get into your -clothes ; no more.. Look sharp,.and never mind your liair. That is a woman's first thought, isn't it ? But it must go for once.' : 1ie laughs in so suppressed a fashion that she hardly knows what 'thd laughter is like; but that it is wild. and reckless, and decidedly mirthful, is apparentto her. It.did not declare. itself to her then; but afterwards it occurred to her. that his whole ailr was hardly in accord with the fustian. ., 'I shall not stir,' she says Valorous ly Then I regret to say that I must assist you,' returns he, advancing to-. wards her slowly. This settles it, of.course. ,.er high born courage fades, evaporates. ler spirit dies within her. With : both hands she clings to the bedclothes. 'No, no !' she gasps. 'I will get up -only-only--' , 'Go ? That, of course ?' sas the man as agreeably as he can in his squeaky tones. ' 1shall go to the next room, for precisely five, minutes by. my-no, by the way-your watch. Don't, let me advise you, let it be longer.'. . . He strides towards the door by which lie. has enter.ed, and then sud denly stops short. So does her;heart. Once again she had dwelt upon.the' hope of what a ringing of, the bell' might bring forth ; but, as. if.the mys terious being l ihad read her. inmost soul, he now turns to.her. ' By-the-bye,' he says, ' to ring your bell may suggest itself to you., You might ring a thousand :blls in" this house, I verily believe, without result; but still I decline to take'the chance. After all, I. think I shall stay'here, :ini this remote corner, whilst you;put on your dressing- gowi.' . SOh, 'no!' -The .words,.break, froi Millicent desperately . . . : : 'No? ?You-., would. .reLfer;?, not? But--' S?I swear to you I Will .not ring the bell,' declares she ,wildly ., I doti't inow why you wislih me to rise;i iut yet I give you my word .I will not touch tlhebell; if you will only gb iiito that next room and give me the five minutes you ;have; promised.' :'': ' A woman's oatlh it not :wortlih a halfpenny, to say nothing of her.word'.' says the stranger' pleasantly..:; ' Buit still, I will' grant-. your request witlh just this last word.' If :y6u play .ime false, if you seek' to summon 'aid in |iny way, I shall '-drawing. a revolver from his pocket and, handling: it ten derly-' blow your; brains outl' The words full from him in a whis per-delicately-so -mildly indeed, thatl nbo suspicidoi bof violence shobuld rest with them; Yet M\illiceent, as the door closes behiid h'lim, shudders vehe mnently, and 'her: teeth' ,-chatteri as thpough slmhe.hns bedn stricken With a' sudden chill. With trembling hliste she springs from her bed, lhurrieson her clothes, miund il:having cov6red. lierilf , finailly with ;a soft- ~warlm driessiing-gown, stands shivering w\ith expetdation up oni the .carnet. :Sho must, .have??got througih her tiash' ;with far greater speed thain. shie' bahd' imugine'di??i three miiutes, instei-d of the allotted five, as a good ,while elapses 'fro?ii'thil time she i.had flaislied her hurried dressing to the dreaded moment wh'ei' again tier foe appeirs before huer 'You tire a paragon,'i'leh diasi 'rer2 mit mnc to congiatulate you. 'I sid fivc-miniutes- I gasve youn seven; ci it -ip peiirs three would, havse been siillel en. But now to liusiniess Wi ihre' are those sapphiiie arid diamond ·orna mbneits thatlhave madh youithe envy of all beholders this season, and added e?a ifaifift lustre to the brilliancy ofl; your chniims ?' Yes-ceirtfiitily his manners: are .not -in keeping with hisclothes I . 'My; sapplires !' gasps she feeily.. ' And diamonds'! Do -not detract from their valhe. Come t'-sharply ' let us have no nonsense. .I know you keep theint'n this room or the onie be yond ; but wihere? I' assure you-rI beg y'ou to believe that I would not for worlds have roused you .from, your lihappy. dreams, had not my failure to. discover the jewels compelled me.: to apply to you for assistance.' ,' My uncle llway's 'keeps them,' be gins'the glrl, telling her lie without a regret jii.the fond, but vain.:hoppthat it'nay saLve her. sapphires.. ;All xt once the, suave omanner of the man'.disap pears,'and aii''angry oath escapes him. 'Look hlice, girl !' he says roughly, thoulgh hisu'oice is line and scqueiky as ver.' ' No tiifling !' ' I know :these stp'es to: be ,i your keeping, and' 1 shall havee tliem to-night, or-- :"JIHe )pauses, draw?s'the revolver agaiini from his pocket, iind 'significantly clicks'-it. 'Where aire the sapphires ?'. ":I : . ' ' Over here," says Millicent,' now fairly cowied .She ?mds' mechlnieal ly townrds the wall'opposite, and rais-' ing her hiand touches ai spring-that'is evidently connected with some seiret press ill the ill-a press concealed by the papering. " ' A small door flies open, and not hav ing the courage to actually give him her treiasures (jewels qrea'lways dear O v 9 woimu, bm uhao' od or bad), abo insf.aair<,y to t ?he disclosed eu.) IThe irr ?f ic fustin lifts his lIntern, ,r's (%'~otri'sly into the recess, allr d tillh c. Itw ccry of t\riumph seizes upon the ,lift?. ~alScL'5?';.s 'tlult. lie silde by1 sitle u" 4.n the woodehi shelf. Coo,, cvjon in ch?i "loumenit o[f victory, he opens the. vqf.is .s dl:'l ffib tely one by oao, to make; .alre of the contents. Yes, tlhey all ie 'theire=-tl1 heautmiful 'glittcrinen' 1lhi ngs, foir which (I girl kis c'yinig, and' for "s:hiuh a man is bartering his sonl ! Liftingf his head, after -a sharp but hultiedl examination of the stoncs 'tlhat upparently satisfies hinl, he sees that Mfifieent, too, is gazing earnestlIy at the 'pretty bauliles -once hers, so soon to be hers no longer ; and tihat as she gazes, her soft eyes are full of tears. ' Seems cruel, chl ' " he saiys. ' Well, that you may say in the future I was not ungenerous, I will 'leave you this orit of your treasures for which you are so ready 'to shed your tears. I wonder if they are dearer to you than \---' e pauses abruptly, as one might who has been about to say something better left unsaid. ' Than your lover.' He winds up with that low, suppressed laugh again, that cer-. tainly does not belong to him, and thrusts into her unwilling hands a small but exquisite locket, heart shaped, glittering with sapphires and diamonds. '.'hinkit is a gift from the man you will marry,' he says lightly, in that disagreeable voice of his. 'And now, follow-me-or rather, go before me-to the door.' It is the door leading to the corridor without towhich lie points. Millieenr, still as one in a dream, pbeys him and goes towards it. He opens it carefully; and backing, outwards on to the cor ridor,, always, with his ieyes on hers, comes there.to a standstill. , - . : :' ;i'I.bid you good-night, madam,' he says mockingly. 'And thent (she .can remember little .about-it afterwards, so swift it was)--something was -Pung over, her face, and. pressed there; there:was a moment's struggle-.:a 1no ment-that.to her was an eternity-" and then a strange dulness ;the sound of a;door hastily closed ; the 'echoing of departing footsteps ; sense of suf focation, and afterwards: .a ceasing from all knowledge, and: a deadly blank.. .. . . - - ': CHAPTER. IX. It is eight o'clock on the ensuinig morning when Liicy, 'lillicent's inaid,, rushes sobbing into Mfrs.,Brauid's bed room. - . ' Oh, ,ma'am! O m'.".ly. young lady !: Oh, ma'am !' Oh'! poor M[iss Mtilli cent t' '.Whait !. What is it ? Speak, girl !' coiiimands Mrs. Brand, heir face grow ing pale.with nervous expectation.-. 'Oh, ina'am! that I should live to see this.day !' Oh, poor, deahi Miss Grey !' Her as I was so fond of. Her as never said a word unilind to mortal soul. To see liher now, and to thiik thlit only yesterday~-- " 'What do you mean, ·irl?' cries Mrs. Brand, ringing the. bell franti eally. 'Good Heavens! What has hap pened to Miss Grey;?' '. Oh'! to only ,look at. 'her, .n"-I thought. 1'd have dropped: nt her fiet when: I pushed the door.back, never knowing .vhy it wasso hard to open, and she lying against it, with .her poor head----'.......... . ' This, woman will driye. me mad !' cries Mrs. Brandin a choked tone, and, hurrying past her, makes her way.to Millicent's bedroom. . Already.two or three servants had gathered tlhere. The door is open, aid' they are stooping- over something lying on.thefloor almost immediitely beyond: the threshold. . . Mrs -Brand, with a little cry, :;rd.i pale and -trembling, rushes fore.ird. the servants part involuntarily, :aind there, lying upon the-ground, to all appearance lifeless, lies Millicent. HIer head is-thrown .baclkwards, and onie hand is tightly clenched.. : She is fainting; It is only a faint i crnes Mrs. Brand, with an anguish in her tone: that belies: the meaning "f her woirds:. ':What:are you all stand ing idle here for:?' turning uponi the terrified women..:' Ha: s no one thought of:sending for a doctdi'?'"'I 4 . : : She'is" down on:her knees noib be side the pale still: form, and has r·iised the dold head on hier arm .' : ' Yes, m'; James: -has:.gonoe ri ait doctor,' :.'so?s'' the ,housemaid: '.er voisly. - . . ,' Help me to lifther: So:: Ol! hbe gentle; girl ! . There-o'n:thel'bed. Prill up the blinds--what are they down for at ithis hliour ?--one :would thinkf she vas dead.'!": " ;Sue says 'this vehemently, with : a sort of definiice. But the awful ivodrd is too iiuch Yfor her-it' lihat 'lidrdly passed heir lips :?,hern her fictitious anger' give's way, she bursts iito?tears, ind, falling on' her knees besidd the bed, she stretches oiut her.arnms it the iiicoisciouis body. ''' "'Oh"! 'may .'child' !. My tiretty girl ! What is 'itm? Whiat hhs -happeiied .to you ? .Ohl iEilllicenit, speak to nim !' Tlihedoctor enteriig at this motient, she calins herself by a supreme effoirt,' for .in. truth: the. poor woman is" ter r nibly mnerued-no smiallest suspicioui of tr'geldy lhuaving ever comed near her before, in all her dcahlmn, eas, lIuvurious life. ' 'in'm! ha :! says Doctor Thesby, irniffing about him.suspiciously as he :wal; s ';ightly, to the bedside and stoops over, Millicent. 'Young. lady beinig playing prhi~i :a with cliloror ' Oh, o !' ipossible !' exclaims Mrs. Braindn ?Indeed;,'I hardly think there isaits y n;in the ?hbuse. .Certainly ione .:that is.nbt. inider lock ,and key in my asowa room. ., :' e Kevei theless,' 'there is i-chlor-bfoAri' here or .r hiis lbeen, .says 4the .:Doctoar, sniftilg again.:'-He his libeerin exminiing Millicent :whilst:speaking,: and : now calls for certain- thin'gs, to be ;brought him by th&i;"attending servants. See 'ing lrs. :IBrand's' distress, he turnsm :lindly to: her. :' I can't, quite make it odut yet; but pray. 'compose yourself, mii;,dear:.madam. Your. niece is by no neanes beyond the power of. man yet.' .,And, indeeu, 'at the expiration 'of half :'an:hour, or so, Millicent is so far 'recovered us. to be able to smnileiupon themi and .Whisper a wvord or two to hler: aunt. ,'o ..whisperng, I thllnk--no confl enices just yet,' says Dr. Tihesby, rub bing his halnds. ' Though I agree with you, my dear lady, thatno time should Sbe.lost about seeing into' this-er- truly--extraordinary affair. What d'ye say, mny good wvomana,' t.un'ing sharpl3 to one of the maids. ' A hand kerclhief, eh ? Picked up by you ? Lying. oi Moiss Grey's face?-pr partly so ? eh ?. ch ? ThiMik what you are saying ,uow,: my godd girl, as I daire say you will have to repeat it pretty often latier on.' .'es .The girl lhad picked it up when first she stooped over Misar Grey. It iaris not exactly on her face, but look ed.diais if itl had slipped off. The Doctor, folding it neatly, puts :it'in'lhis breast pocket, 'Important evidence, maiidm ! If you will permit me, I wivll talke charge of. it... Meavily saturated with chlloro fonrm, I should sriay, fromn the strength of' the arona tlhat still clings to it.' 'Let me see it.,' says Milliccent sud denly, inl a voice so. much tstronger aild with such excitement on hlier palle face, thlut the Doctor thinks it ilbetter to ic cede to hler request, whilst still en treating lher to ' ie calim !--be calm ! and aborve aill things to lie cial i' 'As if,' said Millicent afterwards to Nadhlie, 'anyone could bie expected to be chlm who haid just. escapcd hieing inurdered, and haid bhad the finest sap phires iin lEngland stolen fronom her!' The hiindkel'chlief is a large, coarse, conlnmon one, vwhite in colour, lind of such a texture as might be used by a reslpeeie'tic artizan oii a holiday It ih; a clue.' says the D)octor tri pun 'hantly; uint Milliceiint, though slit cir'l not Ihave put her conviction into wtr.ds. feels that it. will nlever help to 'lhilg the real offender to justice. SBlut whaLt, brought the man here ithatl is what I want to know ?' de inandts Mirs. lIrand with a little sprelad ing of hier hands, wheni the doctor has calledl some houirs later to ftlnd his patient. hals bien sleeping quietly dur intg his labsence, ind has only roused so COIIsciosnessi S again upon his ell trance. 'Not iL word have I let hier speak not iL word,' says Mrs. i;rand, with very plrdonalle pride, considering the extent of hlier curiosity. ' Well. I must speak now,' murnmurs Millicent, still very feebly, but with a decilded increase of strength that the Doctor finds very satisfiactory. 'Whiy, we shall have her downstairs in no time,' declares he jovially Then Millicent launches into a de scription of the man who had thrown a handlkerchief over her face, and left her to live or die, as chance dictated, whilst he mnade good his escape. It is this information that calls forth from Mrs. ]rand the question as to what brought him into her house at all atthlat unseemly .midnight hour. ' Ah.lI auntie !' says the girl, looking at her out of her cushionied armchair, with great pathetic eyes that have grown greater because of the regret ful tears that are filling them. 'Do you not know? . Do you not guess? When,.yon opened my hand, and thle sapphire. locket dropped out, did you guess nothing then ?' No, child-no.' ' Tihat locket is a: gift to me.' :: A gift ?: I know that,T imjpatiently. ' A gift from. your: Uncle Timothy, with all the rest of those very.beauti ful stones? na' magniflcent gift, tiily. ' No !-a gift from tile man whollni stolen all those unrivalled:stones !' ' Stolen !' M[rs. Brand falls back il her chair, and gazies at.M illicent with horror-stricken eyes. . .'What! Gone! "-Those priceless sapphires:!' cries Doctor Thesby, who is an old friend of -Mrs. Brand's, and had been 'shown the sumptuous gift of Timothy. Boyle when first presented to liss Grey. - , 'A h !' says 'Millicent, laughing hys terically, 'the burglar evidently did not think them, as you do, priceless. No doubt lie is. already pricing them is arranging how to break them up. and sell them-breaking up-my lovtly -necklet--my beautiful ' Here, being. still very weak, she gives up. her mournful description, and. sub sides into a. storm of tears. 'There, there, darling! Oh, domi't cry like that ! Think of your weak state.. But what anaudacious thingh Bless me what will your uncle say? Now, my dearest .love, I implore - you to control yourself.-. Remember. how that unmitigated villain .nearly de prived you of 'your.'life only a few short hours ago.' In'thisvery chamber, Dr. Thesby. Oh! .to think -of it! .It must have almost happened :on this very spot!'' Here she grows' tragic,, and speaks in a deep bass tone that she believes benefits the occasion.. ' @l8i'! Millicent, darling, you will break my' hleart- your old auntie's heart-if you! keep on sobbing .like that.. Dear! I dear!- dear !. to think that those sap-: phires-heirlooms, . doctor--and thei finest in England-indeed in Europe, I might safely say-are.now.being melt ed down-that' is, bhoken up, or:what ever it is those terrible men do to them-whilst 'we are' sitting inactive here ! Can nothing be done ?.- Oh ! Doctor-Doctor Thesby ' !What is the matter "with her now ?-has" that wretch succeeded in killing her after all ?' ',Millicent, in fact, driven to despair by this prolonged lament, has gone into violent hysterics. 'N?o, ma'am he. hasn't,' says the Doctor, With severe meaning, who had tried'to stem the flow of Mrs. 13rand's ieloquience, eagerly but' ineffectually, ,uring, the past five minutes. . . , :CHIAPTER X. It is about five in'the afternhoon;,' wlhdir 'adine rushes ?'i the stairs,hoir rifiedi by 'wvhat~ she "has' just heard 'in the hall, and 'flinigs :herself into her friend' 'arms. ' " •":'.Siuch a thing to' :haippn to you ,' she' cries,, in- her'littie: rajiid' fashio?i.. ' The miscreant l-tlie assssassin ! Oh 'Millicent ! wlien' Bron ' :(the butler) 'stopped me innthelialt to tell me the dreadful :hewsvI rl'earl fainted. Only the idea of'seeing you face toface to make sure of .your escape sustained me, and 4ave me steength to get here.' Indeed,- she:is as:pale as a ghost, and her eyes are full of tears. Sweet eyes ! as full of love as tears. '..Well, nowlyou have seen me,' with a: laugh,; and a- gentle -shalce adminis tered .ito the trembling Nadine, 'cheer up a bit, and let' the blood flow into those wan cheeks.-Talking about blood flowing," I'm glad mine was not let 'loose last.'night.' 'Oh ! don't-don't !' says Nadine, shuddering' violently.' . "'WVell,' there,' there. I have .un nerved you, and.I ought to be ashamed of myself.' "But the fact:is; I am un nerved myself, only my nervousness has the' effect of raising a sense of -ridicule within me. I caLnnot keep frodm jesting on last niglit's advienture, though 'I dare say ':to-morrow I shall be prostrated. It is a strange excite inent,'; blietter' not indulged. Well ! it is an ill wind that blows nobody good. You cani'ot compel me, tyrant that you are ! to stammer over my German to-day.':' i: An ~irangement had been entered into bettween them sonime weeks ago, wheil Millicent had been brought out, and was supposed to have left her childhood' and the school-room behind her. Nadine, for many reasons, would not conseint to be:her companion. One was because she could not well leave her mother ;another because of her engagemerit to Paul Annerley; no other (was it so very important ?) bc caluse she couldsnbt give up the tuition of M.Ir. ,Duran'i little daughter. So Millicent had squared matters by de ,plaring to her auintie that though she coiisidered shli kniew as much music as ivould carry her on through life, -her kriowledge of German was still s·ingularly deficient, nand auntie, de lighted at this tiait of intellectual diligelice in her niece, had at once re quested Miss hRoche to continue her three visits a weelk to 1Park Lane as heretofore. 'Tell me about it,' says nadine breathlessly,,her big blue eyes en lirged with fear and curiosity. She has seated herself on Ia dainty prie dieu, and is lenning forward with clasped hands in an attitude highly suggestive of prayer, and therefore highly suited to the chair. Millicent, nothing ]oath, makes her a prisent of the entire scene from be ginning to end. ' He might. hlave been a much worse burglar, all things considered, and there was Iquite a touch of chivalryJ a suIIspieionI of Claud DIuvial--in the falct of his mnaking me at preseLnt of my own locket,' she says," still unable to refrnin from turning the whole thing into ridicule. ' To go to the very root of the matter, it. mnust be confessed tlhat I am the proud possessor of his heart. ]-ie left me tha.t at least.' 'The coward i!' snys Nudine, clasp ing her pretty hlandst, ' to attack alone one poor womaul ! Yet, of.coulrse, one munllst feel t.hanllkful to him ill thllat ie spared yoiur life.' (To be Continued.) 