CREW SAVED BY A GHOST. Many strange incidents occur at sea, but none more so than that which befell Captain Benncr, of the brig Mohawk, a small vessel engaged in the West Indies trade. After leaving St. Thomas, her last port of call, on one voyage the brig was steering a nulth-westerly course, honmeward bound, beating up under short canvas against high winds and heavy seas following in the wake of a hurricane which had traversed the tropics live or six days before. 11er captain. who had been some hours on deck. went below a htmninight a;ftr directing the fitrt officer, who was on watch, to keep the course then steered, anid to call himt in case of any changeforthle worse in thle weathler. lie lay down upon a sofa in the main cabin. but as tile brig's bell struck twice, became conscious of tile ligure of a mlan, wearing a green sou'wester, standing beside Ilim in the dim light of the cabin lamp. Tlhen he heard tile words--"Change your course to tihe sou'west, captain." Captain Benner got upt and went on deck, whllere lie found that thll weather ilod moderated and that the brig was carry ing more sail and making better headway. Hie asked tile mltate otn dut wy whhe had sent down to call him, to which tha. otticer ro pitld that lie had not done so. .Vlhe captain. fancyitg ttat I Il lad bcen drcenting, went back to I e cabLin, but le wan disturbed soon again by a second visit from thle tman in the gceon sou'wester, who re peated Ilis previous orler and vanished up the comlpanionway. The captain, now thorougllly aroused, jumtped up and pur sued tile retreating figurr, but anw no one until Ihe ttet thle Ilate ont watch, who insisted that lhe had not sent any messenger below. Mystilied and perplexed, Captain lBen ner returned to tile cabin only to see his singular visitor re appear, to hear hil repeat the order to change tile course to sou'-west, with the added warning-" If you do not it will soon be too late! " and to see him disappear as before. Going on deck]ho gave the necessary orders for tile change in the ship's course to south west. The odicers of tihe brig were not only surprised, but also indignant, and finally de termined to seize their captain and put him in irons,wlhen, soon after daybreak, the look out forward reported some object dead ahead. As the vessel kept on it was made out to be a ship's boat. As it ranged abeam it was seen to contain four ltmen lyinlg under its thmrts, one of wlloml wole a green sou'wester. The Mohawk was prolmptly hove to, a boat lowered, and the castaways taken in. Tihe castaways proved to be the captain and three men, the only survivors of tile crew of a vessel which had gone down in the hurri cane, and tlley had been drifting helplessly without food for five or six days. The green sou'wester was tlhe property of tile rescued captain. A few days later when he had re covered suficiently to le able to leave his berth, he was sitting one day in the main cabin of the brig with Captain Benuer. He suddenly asked Ilis host whetllcher he believed in dreams. " Since I have been here," he continued, " I have been thinking how familiar this cabin looks. 1 think that I have been here before. In the night before you picked me up I dreanled that I came to you here in this cabin and told you to change your course to son'iwest. The first time you took no notice of me, and cantme the second time in vain; buttle third time you clhanged your course, andt I woke to tind your ship alongside of us." Then Captain Benner, who had noticed the resemblance of tile speaker to his mysterious visitor, told Isin own story of that night. 