Cycling, An amusing story is told of Champion-Cyclist Porta'a first appearance in. Australia, : — " Upon arriving. tbe'Italian went straight to tho Melbourno shop of Messrs Howard Lewis and Charlio Kellow, and by signs, showed them that ho' wanted 'a good much inc. One was seleoted, and in company with Howard Lowis, who was a fow years ago a Victorian Champion, the stranger started out. From tho jump tKo man from the laiid of the Vatican mndo things very willing, but Howard hung on gamely up Elizabeth-street, along Flemington-road, but when they got to Moonce Ponds tho young Vio • torian had had enough, and tried to notify Maxi milian to that efleot,'but the latter really ebuldn'i , or wouldn't, understand. Howard hun£ onalittlo. longer, now beginning to entertain serious doubts as to ever seeing hismauhino again, and feeling a strange suspicion creeping over him that tho dark foreign looking stranger who could hold him so cheaply, must be'the "dark stranger " of biblical history. At last a happy thought striiok Howard. He had learned musio in his young days, and be lieving that the flyer was an Italian, he called out as lustily as his broken wind would allow—" Piano ! Piano! Piano!' but tho dark stranger shot on ahead, rapidly increased his lead, and in despair Howard at langth ''sat up, stopped pedalling, and in stentorian -tones yelled out—"Alright Organ, Organ,' Organ, you,'—, but before he nad got the popular Australian swear-word out, the stranger, was gone, leaving only a Binged line to mark his bourse. Howard, however, was not taking: any ringed line traoks on. and went back to his partner, Charlio Kellow, and as pale as a ghost told , him the devil had run away with thoir machjno.t> " Well, oa a rule,'I like hanging on to a man's"wheel," said the long-legged one, but I'm not out after this fellow, so the partners debited the machine to the Srofit and loss column .in their lodger. • When some ttle time afterwards Porta returned, having been to Sydney or somo othor adjacent city, made a num ber <jf friendly gestures, smiled his woll-known smilo, and handed out a pile of sovereigns in pay: ment for tho maohine, tho Red Bird agents might have been seen looking very suspiciously for the oloven foot Clare's Weekly11 W.A ) 