, A STOLEN LIFE. By taATTFIAS M'DONNELL BODKIN, Q.O, author of 'Lord Edward Fitzgerald,' 'White Magic,' 'The Adventures of Mr. Juggins,' etc. . - : CHAPTER XX.— LOVE IS THE LORD OP ALL. Love rules the court, the camp, the grove. And men below, and saints above. For love is Heaven, and Heaven is love. l*Oh! how you startled me,' cried Jean ette, looking up beamingly from the book in whieh -she had been absorbed. 'So it's you— is it?' 'Yes, it's me. : Am I in the way?' She looked at Mm in anick surnrise She had never heard that tone in his voice before. It was Harry . Trevor undoubtedly., The boyish figure, the handsome young face, blue eyed and -flaxen-haired. But there was a youthful eagerness and exhilaration in the face that was quite new to it. The bright black eyes of the girl opened wide as she gazed at him, and the red lips parted slightly showed a gleaming thread of white between. 'I thought it was Dr. Ardel,' then, with a mocking smile that made her eyes dance and her cheeks dimple, 'She is not here, Harry. She has just gone out for a walk -in the demesne.' 'Who is she?' 'Who is she?' mockingly. 'Lucy, of course. Do-syon: think I'm quite blind?' 'V For answer he seated himself quietly beside her in the deep cosily-cushioned couch of the great drawing-room, which looked out through a wide arched window on the green world. But the surprise in her eyes made him ner vous. He picked up from her lap the book she bad been reading. 'Oh! I'm glad you took my advice. Isn't it ripping poetry? It carries you along like a ihorse's gallop.' 'Your advice, Harry! Why, you never epoke to me about it, never! You wouldn't look the same side of the library as Scott.' 'Wouldn't I, by Jove! I think there is no one to 'match him Don't you remember only yesterday I was saying to you' ? He stopped and whistled, a long, low whistle of perplexity. Again she looked at him hard, in utter be . wildennent. 'Why, you silly boy, you never spoke to me once yesterday; you were better engaged.' Though they had grown up as children to gether it was the first time she ever spoke to him or thought of him as a 'boy.' 'You know you had eyes only for ? ' 'That's nonsense, Jen.' ? He turned to the title page of the book. 'Why, it's my copy of the 'Lady of the Lake;' the copy I gave you!' 'You gave me! Dr Ardel gave it to me. There is his name.' / 'Well!— am not I ? ' 'Are not you Dr. Ardel! Is that what you mean, and were gofng to say?' 'Would you like me better if I were?' 'I don't know. He's livelier than you are —generally.' 'I'll be livelier too for the future, if that pleases you,' he said, edging a little nearer to her on the couch. '? 'You are a little too lively now. sir. Let that cushion stay just where it is— between us.' But there was surprise, rather than dis pleasure,' in her voice, and he was eneouraged to bide his time. Presently they fell into a pleasant talk, easy, lively, unconstrained; such talk as she had often had with Dr. Ardel, but with Harry Tre vor, never before. She was still perplexed by the vague change in him, and ever and again under the long lashes she stole a look — half puzzled, half ad miring — at the gay young face, that for the first time beamed upon her with overflowing love. The blue eyes caught the black in one of those stealthy glances. She blushed and her voice faltered. His young blood took fire with love's longing. But he could find no words to Bay what he wanted to say. : 'I wish I could say what I think about you, Jen.' 'Try it, if it amuses you.' 'I'll get Scott to help me,' Again he picked up the prettily bound volume of the 'Lady of the Lake,' and turned the pages and read: - And seldom was a snood amid Such wild luxuriant ringlets hid, Whose glossy black to shame might bring The plumage of the raven's wing; And. seldom o'er a breast so fair Mantled a plaid with modest care; And never brooch tlie folds combined Above a heart more good and kind; Her kindness and her worth to spy You need but gaze in Ellen's eye. 'That's why I like the 'Lady of the Lake,' ' ne said, 'Ellen always reminded me of ? ' 'Of whom?' with a mocking challenge in ? her eyes. 'Of some one,' he answered timidly. 'Did you read it? Do you like it, Jen?' 'No, I don't. I Jiave no patience with your Ellen, to fall in love with a walking gentle man when there was a real man like Roderick Dim to be had.' 'I wish I was like Roderick Dhu!' She looked at him and broke into a peal of laughter, voice and eyes brimming over with merriment. . 'You'd look too killing, Harry, in kilt and claymore,' she began. But the sheepish appeal for pity in his face cheeked her. 'Oh! you foolish boy,' she went on, the re bellious laughter still dimpling her rosy cheeks, but with kindness kindling hi her eyes, 'I don't want to tease you, but you provoke me to it. You are not yourself at all this morning.' A sudden seriousness fell on him. 'No, Jen,' he said, 'I'm not myself; not the self you knew all your life as Harry Trevor. ,A change has come to me: more strange than anything you could dream of. Oan I hope you will not like me less, but more, for the change?' 'I don't know. You give me a shiver when you talk in that mysterious way.' 'It'e the last time I'll talk mystery to you, Jen. I'm not given that way as a rule. I should dearly like to talk something else, if I dared.' 'I Jut what is this wonderful secret of yourp, Harry?' she whispered, coming a little closer to him. 'I have sworn to tell it to only one person in the world.' 'And she is ? ' 'She is to be my wife. Oh, Jen, don't you know, can't you see, how I love you? I have loved you ever so long, xbut I never dared to speak till now because ? . Will you try to love me a wee bit in return?' 'I don't know.' she said, very softly and elowly, *Tm afraid not, but—' the black eyes thrilled him with a sudden glance — 'I'm dying to know the secret' At that he would have caught her to him, but the lissom figure slipped illusive from his clasp, and his arms held the empty air. Yet there was hope and love in the bright look she threw at him as ehe fled. Her book lay open on the sofa, -and lie de liberately crossed out the name 'Vivian Ar del,' and wrote 'Harry Trevor' on the title page. . . Down a long pathway that^ed right into the heart of the woods, Vivian Ardel walked swift ly. The path, curving with the curves of a merry trout stream that ran beside it, was nar row and dark even In noonday, with walls and roof of dense foliage v Far off, seen^iow and again through the green gloom of the wood, a glimpse of white glanced before .him, like a beckoning hope. . ? ? While yet a long way off, she turned rest lessly impatient of her own thoughts. Dimly he saw her figure moving ewiftly towards him through the long vista of the shaded path, and knew that the supreme hour of his life was at hand, ana nerved himself to meet it. But bis heart beat fast and -hsird like one. who pants in the close of a lbng;struggle,. fearing defeat As they met, her face softened to a pleasant smile, and, witn nod sand word of greeting, she would have passed. But he stood -in the cen tre -of jthe path, trembling, though she did not see him trfimble^ and held out a letter to her. 'For me?' she asked, surprised. 'VPor you3; Lucy.' hersaid, and the tone, of his -voice troubled her. 'How strangely -you ispeak. Is It .bad news?' ^ 'I' believe not- I most earnestly hope you will not think so. It's very short. Read it for younself.' . ' ' He watched her jealously while her eyes were on the letter. His whole face brightened when she looked up from the reading with a sigh of relief, but yet full of surprise. 'You knew what was in the letter?' she asked. He nodded. For- a moment he could not trust himself to speak. 'Why did he leave?' 'He had no choice.' 'You asked him to go?' 'I forced him to go.' 'You!' Her surprise mastered her utterly. 'He was wholly unworthy of you, Lucy — unworthy of any good woman's love; a crea ture too bad and vile for your very thoughts to touch. I forced the confession of black guilt from his own lips. I hold it here, written by hie own hand.' There was something, in his voice that thrill ed her, strange yet familiar. 'I feel I can trust you,' she said softly; 'but how did you Jinow— how could you know that I — that his going or coming'was anything to me?' 'Do you forget? You yourself told me you were pledged to marry this man.' 'I! I told you! I never spoke to you about it. I couldn't. It only happened yesterday, and I told no one but Harry Trevor. I told him because— I hardly know why— but you most certainly I never told.' Yet even while she protested and denied there came a curious doubt upon her that it was to this man and no other she had spoken. 'You told me with your own lips, Lucy. You told me too you did not love him. I knew him utterly' unworthy of your love.' His words forced belief upon her in spite of her own memory and eanses. Amazement held her dumb. They walked a little way in silence, and the path led them out on the open pleasure ground close to the house. 'Lucy!' he said, with, sudden change to humble entreaty, 'will you turn and walk a little way with me alone?' and she turned without a word. They were' back on the lone ly pathway when he spoke again, his voice so low she could hardly catch his words: 'I have a confession to make— a wild, strange, humili ating confession I am sick with fear and shame, but I must speak.' 'But why to me?' 'Because you must know me as I am for good or evil.' He walked close beside her in the walk, ga thering courage for the strange confession, and there was no sound but the cool plash of the unseen water and the flutterings of birds in the close leaves. Of a sudden that strange feel ing came upon Lucy, that weird feeling every one has known at some time of their lives. She seemed to move as in a dream, to re-live a portion of her life., even to the most minute detail. It was in that same soft twilight of a dim past she had walked before with Vivian Ardel, waiting for the story of his life. And when at last he spoke, the weird story that he told, strange and wild as ever fell from man's lips, seemed curiously familiar ae a half remembered dreamr It did not need the quiet earnestness of his voice to enforce belief. She never doubted him from the first. But she grew pale, and trembled in the in tensity of her excitement, as one to whom a long parted ghost had suddenly appeared. 'I am frightened,' she whispered faintiy, 'bring me out of the dark; bring me back into the sunlight.' She^leant on his arm, faint, half conscious, and toe temptation was strong in him to clasp her to his heart. But he put it sternly aside. Half leading, half supporting her to the wood's edge, he found her a seat on a mossy mound between two arching roots of a wide spreading oak, and stood beside her, waiting with eyes averted from her face. Spread out before them the wide scene lay bathed in clear sun light. The silver lake etrltched smooth and bright as a vast mirror framed with the gor geous colors of the autumnal woods. 'I have been sorely punished, Lucy,' he said at last, 'for my rebellion against God's wise decrees. Remorse and shame have poisoned my stolen youth. When Eva died, affronjing death, with such gentle confidence, the life I had eo longed for, I had so sinned for, hacf grown almost unbearable. But he whom most of all I wronged has forgiven me. Can you forgive?' 'What have I to forgive?' she answered softly, as yet scarcely trusting her own voice, 'I who owe everything to you.' 'Forgive my cowardice and my sin begotten of cowardice.' 'But that haunting fear of whieh you told me— it has ceased to trouble?' 'Love that is perfect,' he answered, 'easteth out fear. I would no longer— if I could— evade the common fate of death; no longer for feit the higher. I take my stand with my fel lows. I desire to atone for the years my folly has wasted; to make the world better and happier for the life I have lived in it. Will you help me, Lucy?' 'I will pray always for your happiness.' 'I want more than prayers; I want your help — I want yourself. I love you, Lucy. I so love you that life itself, the life I thought so perfect, is misery to me without your love.' She turned her head away, resting her arm on the arched tree root, that he could no longer see her face, and was silent. 'Is there any hope for me?' Still no answer. Her silence frightened him. In that hour he felt he had thrown away the one supreme joy that life holds: the love of the beloved. He looked with passionate longing at that slight figure and averted face of her who for him was the personation of womanhood— beautiful, pure, and true. But he nerved himself to bear his fate. 'Forgive me, Lucy,' be said, 'that I have troubled your heart with my audacious hopes. I will no longer dream of what might have been were I more worthy; though without you life is misery, and death release.' But ehe rose as he spoke, and turned to him. Her cheeks were flushed; her eyes bright with tears. Those brave, true eyes looked straight j in his, and in a moment he knew. i No other answer was needed. He caught i iher to his heart, and with love's shy. joy she I gave herself to his embrace. 'You love me. Lucy?' he whispered; 'give me the joy of hearing it h can scarcely yet credit my own happiness.' 'I have loved you from the first, Vivian; through all changes I loved you — only you.' - 'Andjaow?' 'Now and always; to the hour of my death.' 'For love there is no '-death,' he answered. (The End.) 