Something About Ballads. (By ' Free Lance.') There sometimes comes a passing mood over cne, when the news of the day seems flat, stale, and unprofitable, ^ when even the newest novel is let lie, like the girl did in Tennyson's poem, ' half unp.nt unon the rosewood shelf' In such a mood as this a stray volume of old songs and ballads comes to the hand with peculiar welcomeness. Such a volume, when Ct rocking winds are piping loud,' is a choice companion, and when it is taken down from its long repose, one feels at once in good humor. As- the leaves are turned over at random, it is impossible not to feel some surprise at the many men I whose names are only known to us, be ! cause they did one thing well, and that thing seemingly a mere tr'fle, just a few verses, tint were were probably dashed off in a minute, while the writer was waiting for a friend, or lying about ? an ^oid inn paxbr until the next stage c aca came abng. Often, indeed, this one thing has been quite enough to give a. man a world-wide fame, and send his name down to posterity linked with the very greatest. Though many of the verses are familiar tbat we almost forget when we first read them, yet we stop once more to read again the well-known lines. And coming, as we often do, to the sad word 'un- known ' at the end of the verses, the tribute is no less a heartfelt one because it is an indirect ona. What, for in stance, would we not give to know the author of ' The Tvto Corbies,' or that song of which ' Love will find out the way ' is the burden ? To the shades, however, of Carew and Lovelace, Sir Henry Wotton nrd Sir John Suckling, we once more bow our heads in respect ful greeting. A name is so much now adays that there are few, even passable rhymers, who are willing to let their verse3 go out into the world without a name. But fame is above all these things, and has such an impartial .hand that she carefully garners the leaves that fa1! neglected, and biuds them into her own immortal garland whether their rightful owner will or no. Now, what is it that gives to all these trifling spngs, if we may call them trifling, such a breath of long life ? Why is it that they seem to linger in. our minds, uutil by almost unconscious repetition we come to know thcjm by heart ? There is certainly no striking originality in ideas, for they are as old a3 the ages. Nor is ifc indeed any great felicity in expression, no ' jewels, fine words long that sparkle on the stretched forefinger of all time.' There is, indeed, nothing in them to draw your attention from the matter to the manner. But, there is what is better than all this, a fusion of thought and word into one harmonious whole ; and the art is so well concealed that it seems no art at all. So that in reality no imitative skill, even of the great versifiers of our time, can come at all near any of t^osa song3 in their superb power to quicken the senses and make the blood run faster through our veins. There is nothing so difficult as to simulate the fire and spirit of these old ballads ; indeed, it has never yet beeu done with even a decent approach to success, though some of the past masters in verse tried their hands upon it. For one, there was Sir Walter Scott. Now there was no man who could be better qualified for the task than he. For if ever a man lived in tlje past he did ; he was more acquainted with the men of the middle ages than with the men who brushed past him in the street ; and yet his efforts in the b.»llad form — beautiful com posii ions though they are — want that homely garrulousness, the sitnple-heartedness, the careless and un conscious humor, which gives such a charm to the verses of the old minstrels. There is no modern effort that could by any chance be mistaken for an original. You at once seem to read the date upon it as you do upon a letter received yes terday. For one thing, it would be im possible to produce again the wild lawless life of which. they are more or less the outcome. And the form, too, was rendered necessary by the circumstances of the ministrel and his audience. They were meant to be sung on public occasions to the harp or some other musical instru ment, and so produce a good effect and keep the' interest awakened. Some exploit must be the theme which shone out far above the common raid and skirmish of rival clans — some great tragedy as a rule, that which steeped a whole country side in tear9. The story had to. be 'told, if told at all. in the most direct and.natural way ; all the lighter graces, little touches of dainty versifica tion, delightful enough in a calmer hour — were scared, so to speak, away by the fury of the minstrels' hand and voice The compositions— and some of them are very olJ — lived for dear knows how many ages on the lips of wandering min&trels;, and were not, until com paratively recent times, preserved by printing. As a consequence of' this, in the process of time they und- rweut con- ? siderable changes, so that we find half a dozen versions of the same story, and several stanzas of one ballad embedded in the heart of another. It is easy to imagine two members of the same craft of minstrelsy meeting on the roadway ; they sit down of course, and compare thtir stock-in-trade. The meeting over, each wandeis off into a different part of the country ; and, when reciting his ballad, if memory failed, the singer would hardly hesitate to thrust in any set of verses that would not imperil the action of the story, so long aa it carried along with it the feelings of the audience. In many of these ballads there are erreab similarities of incident and feeling. One thing you are nearly always sure of find ing— that i9, when two lovers die, they are, of course, buried together, and out of the grave of one there springs a rose, and out of the grave of the other a briar. These grow rapidly and interlace, or, perhaps, marry would be the bett-r word, their branches thus effecting a sorh of poetical com pensation for the cruel fate of those who lie below. It is impossible in reading some of these ballads not to feel how dirocfc and impulsive their life is. Nothing seems to be . cloaked or con cealed. You almost seem to look through the leathern ierkin of the marauder, and see the fierce heart hei,ve within. F3W in tho3e far-off lawless times seem to have felt that hesitancy and palsy of action which c inies from the clash of complex and opposing mo tives. At once the strong hand and arm carries out the im pulse ot the hot heart. If a man is a scoundrel he speaks and acts as if he knew it, and knew too that the whole world were as well aware of it as him self. If one man is wronged by another he at once runs him through the body with his sword, if he is able, or cleaves him to the chin with a pole axe, and then flies pusued day and night, awake or askep, m town and country by a bloody ghost. Now the edge is taken off the vividness of our feeling, so that to awaken again our lost barbaric emotions as they were once awakened by the straiii3 of the minstrel is a lost art. But that art can never be recalled until the centuries rnn out, and knights are again riding through the green wood, ladies sitting among the roses of their bower windows and minstrels wandering through the country, harp in hand. Sir Philip Sidney said long ago that the ballad of ' Chevy Chase,' although ' tung by some blind crowded' stirred his blood more than a trumpet. And Coleridge, too, in latter times ha3 p raise -i the ' Grand old ballad of Sir Patdcik Spans.'1 There are some very graphic touches of description in this ballad, as I saw the new moon late yestreen WV the auld moon in her arm. Or, He hadna sailed a league, a league, A league, but barely three ; When the loft'grew dark and the wind blew loud, . And guily grew the sea. The writer of tbi3 is one of our great ' unknowns,' and in the opinion of the Coleridge, whose sense for poetry was of the finest, the nameless and forgotten author of this old song was a poet, and a great one, too. The ballad of the ..' Fair Helen ' ia also well known, and the story is very simple. Helen, a lady of great beauty, had two levers, one of whom was preferred, but the family of the lady had strong objections to her choice, so the lovers were compelled to meet in secret. Dur ing one of these secret interviews the re jected suitor appeared on the opposite bank of the stream, and in a fit of jealous rage he levelled his gun at his rival. Helen sprang before her lover to shield him, and received the bullet in her heart. The song is supposed to be sung by the bereaved lover over her grave. These are two of the verses : — I wish I vvere where Helen lies, Night and day on me she cries ; Oh that I were where Helen lies On fair Kirkconnell lea. I lighted clown my sword to draw, I hacked him in pieces sma', I hacked aim in pieces sma' For her sake that died for me. The mixture of pathos and ferocity of these verses ia curious in its way, and the additional zest and flavor which, are given to {he revenge by the repetition of the line ' I hacked him in pieces sma',' has a g.ruesomenes3 of its own. He seems to linger over the killing, as if loth to leave off ; killing him again and again in imagination. And when the killing is over he is as weak as tear.', ending in the sadness of despair, with the lines — . v. I wish my grave were growing green A winding sheet dia^vn ower my.een. There is nothing now to live for on earth. Roll hini up, therefore, in the peacefnl folds of the winding-sheet, and lay him side by side with Helen in the grave, when the briar end the rose will come and add the last touch of senti ment lo their sad end. Many of these ballads breathe a hopeless misery cf despair, which the writers seem to have learned, as well as if they had sat at the footstool of Ibsen, or that German philosopher to whom we are indebted fur most of onr modernpessimiam. Burns, in-one:of 'his letters, quotrd the follow ing stanzas from an old ballad which he picked up among the country people. It has the sirae hopeless misery as the two lin-jrs above, and ihn writer feels that he can ^ever be happy again, like the character in the pantomime, song-— O that my father had ne'er on me smiled, j O that my mother hid ne'er on me sang, O that my cradle had never been rocked, But that I had died when I was young. O that my grave it were my bed, My blankets vvere my winding sheet, The clocks and the worms my bed-fellowa a' And, O, so sound as I should sleep. '; What a sigh was there,' Burns adds. ' I do not remember, in all my reading, to have met with anything more truly the language of misery than the exclamation in the last line. Misery is like love ; to speak its language truly the author must have felt it.' The few ballads which have been cursorily glanced at here are undoubtedly of a gloomy tone, and it* one wants to vary the reading in the class of literature, it is only necessary to turn to those relat ing to sprites, fairies, and other super natural beings. The ballads and storie3 relating to these fantastic creatures of ingenious and childlike imagination are of great variety, and some of them of much poetic beauty ; but notwithstand ing the desire for the winding sheet, which May have- been awakened in the reader by the perusal of this, it is felt to be necessary to leave fairy balkd3 for another time. It must be said, however, that the most in dustrious prober intol the past, one who leans his ' ear in secret places,' like the girl in Wordsworth's poem, in the hope of catching some faint echo of long stilled voices, will find' that after A\ much of the sweetness and beauty of the songs has died with the singers. But ifc may be no harm to mention here at least three ballads, by modern poets, which have great beauty, although they may be lacking in the visible element of the older ones — Longfellow's ' Skeleton in Armour,' Swinbourne's ' Jacobite's Exile,' and Dante Gabriel Rosetti's 'White Ship.' —' Irish Weekly Times.' Tbe United States Government has just completed one of the most compre hensive publications e^er attempted. This is the ' Official Records of the Civil War,' and it has taken 23 years to prepare. The extremely voluminous nature of the compilation may be gathered from the fact that the series numbers 111 volumes, containing a total of 118,232 pages. The tide of foreign tradespeople is rising so rapidly in Paris that before long not only the Avenue de l'Opera, but the Rue Scribe, the Rue Auber and the central boulevards will be exclu i sively occupied by English, Irish, Scotch, and American mercantile houses. What few French establish ments are left will be compelled to do business in the side streets. We are told that the Commandant Marchand is at Fashoda. Yes, but the English are in the Hue Scribe. — ' Le Signal.' (Paris). The breakdown of the American Corn mi sariat department in the recent wcr seems to have been greater even than was at first supposed. One of the members of the 23rd Michigan Regiment declares that he had not had a piece of fresh bread for three months, not even when he was down with fever and supposed to be dying, nor did they luve medicine or atteud ance. All that those who had just got up from .sick beds had was ' hard tack and salt horse from Chicaa-o.' The hard tack, he declares, had been damp so long that it was mouldy in places, and in some case3 so ' fearfully rotten ' that the men 'could not hold it on their stom ichs.' One of the transports, it is declared, took on a supply of water more than seven weelw before she lef fc with her troops, and had no ice on board, while in 58 bunks were' crowded 190 men. On another transport the food gave out, the water became unfit to drink, and al though there were clo-e on 200 sick men on board when she sailed no doctor ac companied them. The story of Alexander Graham Bell reads like a romance (says a New York paper). A little more than a decade ago this man, who came originally from Canada, and is now said to be worth from' six to ten million of dollars, was walking about the streets of Washington peddling his telephone stocks, at 10 cents on the dollar, and with no buyers. Ho was, in the phraseology of the day literdly ' upon his. uppers.' Before that time he had been teaching a deaf ai?d dumb school in Boston, at a salary th;it brought him a very lean support. He had marred a deaf mute with not only beauty but also considerable pro perty, every bit of which had been sunk in the effort to place his telephone be fore the public. At that time they boarded in a shabby-looking house in Four-and-a- half-street, a little distance from the Washington Gaol. Now they live in one of the finest residences at the capital, for which he paid 125,000 dollars, and he and his sweet-faced wife are surrounded by all the luxury that graet wealth can procure. Nor has he forgotten his own days of hard struggle, and the early profession, which at one ti m e brought him means to procure his daily bread. Just across the street from his house there is a charming little cottage, where oa three days of every week he gathers a class of deaf mute children, and teaches them the things that will help to brighten theU* silent Iive3. 