DAYS OF DANGER. . [copyright.] : Thrilling Narratives of the Bnshranging Times. Keenan's Ghost. ,BY- CAPTAIN LACIE. ? '?? , IN FIVE PARTS. ♦ .PERIOD, 1846. PART IV. True to his word tho ohiof of tlio survey '/party watched tlio strange rotroat in the , glen for a week, but not the slightest sign of any human being, save the members of their own party, was ob served during the wholo poriod. At tho oaniD absolute quiotndo prevailed, nnd ut length tho ohiof abandoned the watch and resumed his usual work. Occasionally a visit would be paid to tho hut, but it remained in tho name condition as when first seen, and the name — ' Oarl Jensen ' — Btared at the men in ita grim silent way. Had it not been for tho thofts committed from iho camp nnd the finding of the piece of corned beef at tho hut, even MeBley would have believed that the place had not been inhabited since the death of Jensen, nnd that like the ' palace of the Sleeping Beauty, a spell had been thrown over the locality which had preserved it from decay. About two days after tlio watch in tho glen had been abandoned, Constable -Williams, of the Mersey station, with : two assistants, arrived at Considino's oamp with a couple of paok-horses laden with provisions, His mission was a dual one. One journey was to provision tho oamp, whilst on the other return trip he 'Wits to take back tlio bonoa of Jenson, the murderer. Dr. Sutherland, of the -samo place — a hoary-hoadod criminolo ?gist — had obtained the sanction of the ^anthorities to such a course, and as the cost would be little or nothing, no demur was likely to bo raised. Constable Williams — who renlly per formed the duties of tho district official — was one of the oldest officers in tho pay of the government. Strange to Bay, he hud previously been stationed in the New Norfolk district, and was well acquainted with Jensen, Duffy, and Worrall. When the murder took place he had been one of the most active in the pursuit, but his energies wore clogged by the uotion of his superiors who — when they concluded tho culprit had gone away in the whaler — praotically ceased all active operations. Williams held firmly to the belief from what he knew of the former that he had not loft tho colony — at least, not at the time alleged — and as Jensen was not a man easily disguised, it was improbable that he had gone away at all. When the news of tho skeleton uuu aim luo piiuLu. wiiiuii iuuuliuuu hub the missing murderer wns brought to -him, he merely said, without undue elation, ' I knew he would bo found not far away. The fellow was the last in tho world to trust himself amongst his own ?Bort of people either on land or sea.' The exhumation of the remains wns in a way a labour of love to the constable, \- and ho set upon his task with due deliberation. He was not n hasty or impulsive man at any time, nnd whon ho reached the survey camp of courso the neWB he heard there whotted his appetite for more. Every word about the robbory of the food, boots, and olothes was taken down and a minute description of the missing garments and footwear also attaohed. Then he set off to view the retreat in the glen, and even wont so far as to make a rough sketch of the hut and its surroundings. The whole statement about its reoent occupation, bucIi as the finding. of the moat and the appoarance of the ashes in the natural fireplace, was committed to paper, and after spending a couple of days wandering about the locality in the vain hopo of coming upon some further faots that might assist him, 'Williams proceeded to dig up the bones, an operation whioh wua most carefully carried out, and they were placed in the bags. Dr. Sutherland had promised him a handsome reward if he took care of his gruesome relics, and even without that incentive the constable would have done just as well. When the exhumation was complete, Constable Williams set off for the Mersey, and in due timu arrived there and handed over Mb ghastly load to the delighted surgeon, who had them carried to Iub ohamber of horrors and laid out in state. 1 nru_ uinnn «*« nr:n:...~.. t'ii u_..ui ivuy, uiooo u*u, itiiiiuiua, x 11 uuituiu to make a perfeot akoleton out of this. Thero 13 scarooly a joint missing. You have done your work well, and so must Edwards in the burial. I wonder who put the sheet of bark over him ? Ho oouldn't havu done it himself before death I'm convinced, and the blacks don't care for that sort of thing,' said Sutherland. 1 I've wonderod myself who did that good office for the villain. He didn't deserve much consideration from any one. Ho was a big hulking scoundrol over six feet in his stockings, and at all times ready to thrash a woman. Oh I I knew him,' concluded the constable as he left the room and wended his way acroBS to the public-house where he lived, for Williams was a bnohelor, and aB ho was quickly nearing sixty, likely to remain so. Ono of the first porsons ho mot in tho bar-parlour was Mike Keonan. His party worked nenr the settlement, and they oflon went into tho village The two wete acquainted, and after a few commonplaces, Williams said : ' I've just brought those bones of yours to Dr. Sutherland. He aaye his collection is nearly complotcd now.' ' My bones V answered Keenan with a laugh, for ho was in a merry mood — mellowed by some rioh whisky. 'Oh, not yot, begorra I The old doctor won't have my bones juBt yet. Fill up agnin there, and don't bo lookin' at tho empty glasses.' 'You know what I mean,' returnod the constable. as ho replenished his glass in an absent-minded sort of way. ' I mean the bones you found at tlm foot of the big troe, Jensen, the murderor, you understand.' * Tllfl Hnvil. vnn hnvn I Wllnf. nn nnr^ti mado you bring them here ? Oouldn't you let them Ho ? Oh, faith, though I always know they couldn't lie. Nothing haunted can lie quiet in tho gravo. Oh, it's ooming homo to mo now,' cried Koonan, plunged suddenly into deepest melancholy. ' Haunted bo jiggered. What do you moan? I carriod the confoundod things in a couple of bags and slung the skull ovor my shoulder. Tho bags worn as I harmless as a now-born babe, and they noarly mado as much noiso. How tin: bonos did rattlo to bo sure. Now toll us what you moan by boing haunted,' queried Williams. In n deeply improssivo mannor Mike Koonan told his listonor tho whole story of tho ghost. ho had poon on the night which precid'd tho break-up of tho camp, and ho narrated it with porfoot accuracy and truthfulness. He fully concluded that tho timo had arrived When others Bhould sharo his secret besides his cump mates. Tho bones soomed to haunt him, for after ho had almost forgotton about them, up they turn again. To tho super stitions man there was something very singular and uncanny in the wholo busi ness. At bdj rate, it damped his enjoy ment for that night, and when Williams loft him shortly aftor he was indulging in a sad reverie. Next morning as the constablo was passing Dr. Sutherland's house in a very thoughtful mood, ho was hailed by tho surgeon himself. ' Como here,' cried tho old man. ' I want to havo a chnt with you.' When Williams wont over, the doctor led him into his 'specimen room,' as hu called a largo-sized chamber which con tained scores of ghastly emblems of mortality. More than n dozen perfect skeletons were ranged round in upright attitude;), whilst thore wero skulls of famous murderers, bushrangers, convicts, &c;, and weapons which had boon the instruments UBed in many an nwfuldoed. Tho skeleton brought by the constablo tho night provioiis was arranged very noatly on 11 table, and it was to this that iho doctor wont. 1 You told me last night,' he began, 'that Jonsen was over aix feet in height.' 'So he was six foot one or two I am quito certain. He was three or' four inches taller thnn mo, and I'm five feet ten inches,' quickly answered Constablo Williams. ' Then this isn't Jensen's skeleton at all. You've been nil barking up tho wrong tree. You seo thero is nothing like a thorough medical examination alter all to get at facts in theso casos. Many an innocont man is punished and often the guilty escape for tho want of a tittle intelligence and taking things for granted that shouldn't be so taken,' replied the surgeon energetically. ' How do you know it isn't Jensen i' asked the constable. ' Because it is the skoleton of a very short man. In life ho could not have beon more than five feet five in height. Certainly not more. Now, if Jensen was six feet two, or even six feet, this cannot be his skeloton. It's as plain aB tho nose on your face.' For a few moments the constable did not reply, nnd then ho slowly said : ' I quito believe what you say. I've learned n fow things lately whioh tend to show that tho authorities may be astray a second timo regarding Jenson. I'll make a full roport of the case and send it on nt once, and I'd be glad if you'd furnish me with a description of the probable sort of man the bonee belonged to. I suppose it is not that of an aboriginal ?' ' Oh, no. It is a white man's skeleton right enough. I'll write out my portion at onco, nnd if you como back in half nn hour you can have it. Good morning,' and the doctor showed the officer out. As the latter went towards his office his brow was contracted with puzzling thoughts. 'From what Keenan told me last night, and the story given by Surveyor Consi dine,' homuttored, ' that scoundrel must be alive still. If so, we'll drop across him sooner or Inter. I wonder if hu'll risk coming back to the settlements again. It looks as though he would bo stealing the clothes, though ho may havo only wanted them as a protection against tho cold nnd to save putting togother the skins. How came that photo, of his with the dend body? I think old Sutherland must be doting. Another doctor should he called in to also have an examination of the bones. If ho bore out what the old man says, then of courso wo would havo to believe it. Thore is a clue to follow up, at all events.1 The papers which WilliamB was going to send to the authorities were already arranged, and only a short addendum had to bo pnt in calling attention to tho con clusion arrived at by Dr. Sutherland. TIub, of course, ho urged, was of great importance, nnd ho concluded by saying that placing all the facts togother he ventured to submit that tho murderer Jonsen was still nlivo and in tho colony. On going over to the surgeon's place, tho doctor read out to him the detailed description which ho had elaborated as to the probable stature, &o.;, of the man from which tho skeleton came, nnd ho ended by saying : ' Don't you know — or rather, did you ever know — a man who would nnswer that description?' Tho constablo racltod his brains for soveral moments, and then, if by inspira tion, a thought flashed through his mind. 'Yes, I do,' ho oxclnimed. 'Tom Worrall, of New Norfolk. That is his description to n nicety. He wns scarcely five feet five in height, and you will recollect ho disappeared about tho same time as Jensen. His partner, Duffy, and himself wore supposed to havo been drowned.' ' Of course, I remember. Duffy's body was found a fortnight or so after being in the water, but it was so decomposed and mutilated that it was impossible to Bay for certain what the cause of death had been. It might havo beon anything from hanging to cholera. I remomborit well,' replied the surgeon. 1 There is a big myBtery horo to solve. Jenson and Worrall must havn gone nivay together, nnd, if so, it is probablo thoy murdorod Duffy for some reason or another. Then how did Worrall moot hiadoath ? Isupposoyou can't toll that,' asked the constable 'The bones are all right, but ho might have been murdoroa 111 twenty Uilteront ways without my being able to tell. For instance, if ho had boon stabbod to the hoart or choked, I could not tell so unless tho ribs showod signs of tho knifo's passage. I am rnthor inolined to beliovo that the man died suddenly, nnd not ns tho result of wasting disoase, but thero is n good deal of conjecture in that. However, if you can prove that this is the body or skeleton of Worrall, and I think you nro near tho mark, thoro is n big field to work in, ns you say. He miiBt have boen with Jensen or in com munication with him to get the tin box and the photo. In all probability Jensen put tho sheet of bark over him, though I don't see what his motive was in leaving tho box beside tho body,' concluded tho doctor. 'Oh, I can see an excellent motive in that act. If the body wns ever found the likeness would, of course, come into tlio hands of the authorities, who would not fail to recognise it as that of Iho murderor, Jensen. That would effootu ally stop all dispute and enable tho ruffian, with a little oare, to oonio baok to whito civilisation. That point is olonr enough to mo. Yot tho confoundod fool wns really too clover if that is what ho hits dono. Ho haB roused a Blooping dog. So far as the law was concerned he was dead to it, aB my superiors havo long since givon him up ns gone. That is tho way criminals generally ovor- ronch them Bolves. Give them rope enough and thoy will hang themsolves,' replied Williams. 1 But you forgot that Jonson oould not possibly know what. -is within your knowledge. Put yourself in Ms position and thon plan nn idea. You bolievo tho police aro still in full cry, and your desiro is that they Bhall bo thrown off the trnil once and forever. I think Jensen's plan, supposing wo are right in our belief, wns a clover one. The only weak point in it was the improbability that the body would be found, but I daresay he knew what ho was about more than we givo him credit for. What is your plan now?' asked Oousidino. ' Just wait for instructions. I'll add my bolicf that tho skoleton found is that, of Thomas Worrall, fnrmer, of Now Norfolk, who waB supposed to have boen drowned with his partner, Duffy, in the Durwont River four yonrs ngo. That should rouse them up,' ropliod Constable WilliamB. The same day a horseman was des patched to tho Tamar settlement with the details which the reador already knows. From thoro it waB sent on to Hobart Town, as most of tho papers in reference to tho Jonsen tragedy wore kept thore, and it was desirable that notion should bo taken — if takon at all— from hoadqunrtors. Nearly a month elapsed before any reply wns recoivod, nnd then a magistrate wns despatched from tho Tamnr to hold nn inquiry on ' Sutherland's skeleton,' as it was known ni the Mersey setilomeut. This bore out nil that haB nlrendybeen narrated, and after upending two days taking evidence, a voluminous report wns despatched to the capital. There was no doubt tho skeleton did not belong to Jensen, nnd thore was much proof that the bones once formed portion of Thomas Worrall's body. This was tho gist of tho report, though it wns hinted that there wns presumptive evidence that Jonsen was still alive. Kcenan's vision was trotted out nnd made to good service, for it wns shown by Oonstablo Williams that tho outlaw would be most anxious to know if the tin box and its contents hud been found by those who had dis covered the skeleton and buried it. Amongst other facts which were brought out was ono contained in the evidence of Graham, the cook of Con sidine's camp. This was tho disappear ance of a copy of the Hobart Town Mercury, having a lengthy account of tho finding of tho murderer Jensen'sskeleton. This must have been taken on the same occasion ns the clothes, and no ono but Williams seemed to see its importance. 'If Jenson took it,' ho argued with himself, ' ho must have become aw.-iro that his stratagem had worked, and not fearing tho police, ho would make his way back to settlement as quickly ns possible. Having the ordinary civilian's clothes which lie had stolen from the camp, there would bo nothing to prevent him making a start nt once, and that is doubtless what ho did. Had he remained two days longer at his haunt in the glen he would likely havo been captured, as Mesloy found tlio place within forty-night hours of tho robbery. The devil's children have the devil's luck,' concluded the constable, and his soliloquy ended, he proceeded about his Routine business. In a fortnight's time word came that the former reward of £250 offered for tho apprehension, dend or alivo, of Carl Jensen, for tho murder of Mb wife, &c;, had beon doubled, but from the half hearted way in which the authorities took tho matter up, it was patent that they really did not believe themselves that there was much likolihood of securing the criminal. It was on the 27th August, 184G, that the people of tho little Mersoy settlement were shocked by the news that Constable Williams had boen brutally murdered within fifty yards of the public house at which he lived. A knife had beon the instrument used, nnd, strange to say, the knife which had beon loft sticking in the body of the dend man was quickly identified as belonging to nn assigned servant of the licensee of the public house, who was also a rather largo farmer in the district. The nrticlo could not be mistaken, for a score of peoplo could testify that it belonged to John Southey, the name of the asBigm d ser vant. Most damning of all, howovor, was tho fact that considerable ill-will was known to exist between the dead man and John Southoy. The latter was a person much nbove tho ordinary stamp of assigned convict servants, nnd on more than ono occasion tho constablo hnd most offen sively assorted his authority apparently for the simplo purpose of showing the tremendous difference between an as signed servant nnd n potty constable. This wns resented' by tho former, nnd nt length Williams used his authority to such effect that Southoy was nrrested nnd received twenty-five lashes. His mastor, the publicin, notivoly sided with Williams, for the constable waB hia boarder, nnd, in faot, his best customer. As his pocket was affected, it wns little wonder the unfortunnte Southoy went to the wnll. Tho convict bore deadly enmity to the constable after the Hogging, and lie did not tnko tho pains oven to conceal it. He ouonlv avowed that if ever he was in a position to meot the constable faco to face one or other of them would go down. Thi3 wan an un fortunato and reckleaB way of speaking, and when tho murdored constablo waB found with Southoy's knife piercing his heart it was not to bo wondered at that all the people at onco directed their at tention to Southoy as being the actual murderor, and two hours after tho dis covery of tho body Southoy was nrrested. In fact, before the formality of tho inquest hnd boen gone through. To Be Concluded. 