Spopting Gossip. By the " SPECIAL COMMISSIONER." FLEMINGTON FACTS4 Fieldep Gives the "Fielders" a Blow. Word coincs from New Zealand that Percy Martin is breaking in a very nice yearling filly by Dreadnought out of Bonnie Scotland's dam. Mr. Horace Bottojuley. a wealthy financier, who recently joined the ranks of English owners, litis purchased lite Derby colt Hawfinch for f>000 guineas and contingencies. Hawfinch was got by Goldfinch from Cburch-Hnc-Bhic. Fred Gentry, who was head man to Percy Martin wbeu Mr. S. H. Gollan's horses were trained at Caulfield, now has charge of a select little team in Queens land. With the two-year-old bay colt His Lordship (by Corsioau — Graceful), Gentry won a double at Toowoomba on IGth February. His Lordship is 6&id; to be a bit above tbe common. Mr. S. H. Gollau has entered Gal way for the Lancashire 'Steeplechase, of 2000 sovs, to bo run on Easter Monday at Manchester. Emmulcu also is nomi nated. The names of The Possible and Emnialca figure among tbe entries for the Jubilee Hurdle Race, of 1000 sovs. to be decided at the same meeting. Dairnio, Who has been Shaping Very Poorly, evidently was not considered worth entering for tbc Steeplechase. The V.R.C. Grand National winner could do no better than finish a bad third in the Egham Steeplechase, of 40 sovs, at the Windsor meeting last month. There were only five starters, and Dairnio was leniently haudicapped with lOstlolb, the class being only moderate. Galway started at tbe same meeting, Mr. Gollan's gelding, with list 121b ou his back, acting as whipper-in in the Eton Hurdle- Race, of two miles. It was a fairly good field, and Galway was not.mcnt'oned in tii-j betting. ' \ The Possiblo also sported silk last mouth. Carrying list 21b, the son of Xordcnfcldt finished fourth in a field of seven for the Riverside Hurdle Race, two miles, at Hurst Park. Judging by the bcttiug. The Possible (who should win a race shortly) was not fancied by the stable. Naturally I felt a '« it dated when Amiable Cantered Home an Easy Win ner, in the Fastest Time on Record, last Saturday. I had a vivid recollection of the manner iu which tbe black mare had won a Flying Handicap at Roschili, as a four-year-old, with fLt 51b on her back, so directly 1 saw tho Newmarket Handicap weights in tho Victorian Club the morning they were declared. I made a note — ' Amiable good thing, if well." As " Sportsman M readers are aware, neither Reginald " nor myself wavered in our allegiance to the " bonuv black marc for au instant. There was little credit in selecting Amiable to win after she bad gi\cn a taslc of her quality at Saiwlown ; but wc can lay the flatter ing unction to our souls that we went for her long before most people ou this side of the Murray awoke to the real excel lence of Sam Fielder's pel. After this piece of " blow"' — pardonable, T hope, under the circumstances, and more especially as I am an Australian — perhaps a few remarks ancnt the race , will be in order. Amiable had the race won at the second tan crossing. She must have run the first two furlongs in about '24sec, and tbis effectually settled the pretensions of most of tbe others. " "Tis the pace that kills." The Parisienne. who could havo won the Brunswick Stakes easily at any point, never had the ghost of a cliancc in tbe I Newmarket Handicap. For a wonder Ayrshire began very smartly, and held his own with the lead- ' ing division for awhile, but could not keep up steam at the same rate all tbc way. Morrison said Besolute ran a game, ! honest horse, but simply could not go fast enough tbc first furlong or two. The St. Albans horse was finishiug well, but was unable 10 make up the ground lost during tbe early part of the race. Just as her sire did eleven years ago, Amiable finked under the judge's hot ; and Saturday s race furnished another coincidence, inasmuch that both Amiable and Lochiel were No. 7 on the Card. Charley Rudings, who looked after Lochiel when the son of Prince Charlie won, told mc something about the "seven" and the ' eleven" -being a veritable hazard player s 44 office," but as I do not understand that fascinating game I will leave it to those who do to work out the point, although the tip will be no use to tnem now. All that is known of Amiable's fifth dam is that she was got by Nimrod, but thre is 110 doubt Ehe wa6 thoroughbred, limine early days some breeders were lamentably jax in the matter of keeping fctud records". Ncwhaven's maternal fainily cauuot be traced further back than, the Gratis marc, Dinah, while the origin ,of the fatuous. Bappho family, Ofwhich Reaper is a Promising Representative, is shrouded iu mystery. Amiable's tap-root not being known, she las no number herself. Nevertheless her numbered pedigree is by no means a 1 bad one, as a glance at tbe appended | table will show. Even if the Newmarket 1 Handicap winner's maternal ancestors had belonged to one of tho " outside " fumilics, so many excellent " sire " and 4 running " lines have been brought into . the combination that tbe pedigree will stand as a monument of scientific breed ing. In fifteen quarterings there arc no less than eleven sire or running figurc-s, and, of course, it is quite probable that Amiable herself may be a scion of one of the best families. ! Lochiel, it may be mentioned, may probably belong to 12 family, instead of 30. Jn any case his pedigree has bec-n so beautifully built up that the point is not a very important one. ; AMIABLE, -f J Affection | Lccbie!. 31 ? g ss © ? K J f- I 1 s f 1 ! : B j The English eleven captain, Mr. Stod- dart, will long cherish fond recollections of the Newmarket Handicap of 1S9S. Just as Reaper wiis leaving the paddock Mr. J. Wilson received .1 telegram from the fumous cricketer stating that the sender had drawn the grey in Tatlersall's sweep, and further intimating that the owner was on a thousand to 14 nothing." Reaper did not land tbe thousand, but earned Mr. Stod- dart a handsome solatium when I10 secured second place. The drawer of Amiable is a Tasmanitm, 1 believe. He arranged matters with Mr. Fielder to tho satisfaction of both parties, and also hedged a few hundreds at the short price which was taken about the mare. And very sound business too. It is an old turf aphorism, "A bet (or sweep money) is never a good one until well hedged." The going was very fast last Saturday, and when Safety got the Hopeful Stakes ! course in lmin 2%sec, the record eubsc- j quentlyestablished by Amiable was freely 1 predicted. Aurum's ihnc for tbc St. Lcger, too, has only once been beaten, when The Officer won last year. As soon as the barrier was released it became Apparent that Aurum was to j be given an Australian Cup ; Gallop. ; "Without taking the slightest notice of what the other two were doing, Morrison allowed the Trenton colt to sail along at a solid pace from the jump. He could have waited with Aurum, and beat tbe others home for pace, but it was recognised that a strong gallop over a bit of distance would : do tbc crack a lot of good, beucc the i forcing tactics. Tho last mile and a half was run in 2min o91sec, and the last five furlongs in lmin 5isec, so it will lie seen | that Aurum, although by means at his top. was not dawdling. Tbe Essendon Stakes was also run in good time, viz., 2min. 36£sec, and I timed , Battalion over tbe last six furlongs in Imiu 15iscc. The chestnut gelding is very well just now. and won easily. Ainberitc's performance was a meri torious one, for he was a trifle above himself, .and had not done much long work. The Carbine colt should win a race during the meeting. Tho following extract from a letter received yesterday From a Well-known and Suc cessful Breeder will speak for itself : — 44 Being a firm believer iu tho cardinal principles of Bruce Lowe's Figure System, I liuvo perused with interest your recent notes 011 the subject. Very few now departures are received with acclamation, and just ' as the starting machine and other innova- . tions were derided by uninformed people, ! so is the Figure System looked upon with j disfavor by sportsmen of conservative j tendencies, or by those lacking know ledge of the subject. . . I 0111 afraid upholders of the Bruce Lowe theory, are, to some extent, themselves to blame for the lukcwarrunt'ss with which the ' figures ' have been received in some quarters. Thcv claim too much for ibcm. As von wrote la=t week, tbc system is by no means infallible. There are many weak spots in it. Still, 10 breeders, owners, and trainers it is a splendid guide. ' In his book Bruce Lowe tells how bo ran out the 1 numbers ' of the candidates for the English Derby of 1880. and partly on their superior two-year-old form, but 1 mainly because thcv came from tbe No. 1 family, selected Bend Or and Robert tbe Devil to run first and second, places they actually filled, tbe first -named whining by a head. Well, on Saturday morn ing I was puzzling uiy brains over the Sires' Produce Stakes problem. Cordite. : Cocos, er.'l Bobadil were almost, if not ; ; quite, equal iu my estimation. The 8t. S ; Albans colt had treated n favorable im- i prcssion when he won that six turloug all-aged handicap at Caulfield in lmin 1 HAsec, and ran very well in the Futurity Stakes whru suffering from a cold : C'ocus . had proved bis worth early in tbc sca>on. . besides running prominently in tbc Oak- i ! lcigh Plate ; while Cordite, a good per- , former, I looked upon a« an imploring ! coll. | j Which Would I Back? ' I was iu a regular quandary, when sud- ; donly it occurred to me 10 work oat thc- j figures.' and back tiie ouu with the i best 4 running ' number. Cordite. I found, is a No. 3. Bobadil a No. 5, and Cocos a No. 0. I backed Cordite and won my moucy. Of course, had either colt been a pronouncedly better performer than tiie others I would not have 'gone into figures.' It is only when other I conditions arc equal that tbc best bred one will triumph. I venture to predict that Cordite will again beat Coco?! in tbc . Ascot Yale Stakes." , I 