TOPICS OF THE DAY. LET the journalist defend tho doctrines of the party he approves; let him critioise and condemn the party of which he does not approve ; reserving always his rign t te applaud his opponents or censure his friends, as tho truth may require-and be will be independent enough for a Free Country.-GAEFIBLD. DISRAELI it iras who wrote : " Great collec tions of books are subject to certain acci dents besides the damp, the worms, and the rats ; one not less common is that of borrowers, not to say a word of purlionets." It must from time to time prove the pain ful experience of every person possessed oí a library that those who are ever ready to borrow the latest volume from its shelves are exasperatingly Blow in their return of same-very frequently they neglect abso lutely to distinguish the difference between ineum and tuum. This ia no new lapse on the part of book-borrowers, for from time immemorial it appears to have existed and to have flourished like the green bay troe. Looking over a copy of the "Sydney Gazette," bearing date "Saturday, 29th December, 1810," the writer recently stumbled over the following advertisement : WH. MAUSELL, O'ConneH-street, Sydney, . is under the necessity of requesting the persons whom he bad the happiness to oblige with the perusal of " Mascover's Travels" and the Fifteenth Volume of the " Sporting Magazine," to return the same ; and by so doing the Advertiser will consider himself essentially obliged in return. Just fancy the owner of a lost book con sidering himself " essentially obliged" for its return by the person who has it in keep ing^^o ir probably wigag«d m the con genial task of appropriating as the nucleus of a library of his own any and every un considered trifle in the way of borrowed tomes upon which he can lay his dishonest hand. It is apparent that the owner of the two books in question was unable to locate them-that ho had no data at hand which would indicate the identity of the parties to whom he had lent them ; and consequently he was compelled to resort to the. device of endeavouring to "draw" them in the fashion above quoted. The book-thief-for the person who borrows and does not at tempt to return is nothing more nor less than a thief-is one of the scourges of the man who owns a library ; and the sooner he is obliterated from the face of the earth the better for all concerned. No collector cares to deny his friends the pleasure they may derive from reading his hooks ; but he is oftentimes forced to appear in a selfish light and to give refusal to requests for a loan when it is apparent that loss may re sult from a too cheerful acquiesience. Whenever some sections of the Sydney press are hard up for a subject on which to base a sensational article ^-and when their readers require, something strong to stir them up-it ia always safe to have a lash at the Parliament of the colony ; the writer may attack its members in a general way, and the only trouble to which he can pos sibly be subjected,-no matter how out rageously untrue his charges may be,-is to be called to the bar of the House to answer them-. And past experience has amply proven that this is a miserable sort of farce, which produces but one visible result that of affording a gigantic advertisement to tbe editor of the offending sheet-an ad vertisement which bo in all probability scented when he dipped the pen in gall and printed his attack. Recently a Sydney weekly had its periodical shy at the N.S.W. Assembly in an article entitled : " Our Blackguard Parliament," and amongst other things the highly imaginative Bcribe declared that " the members in the House to day would not be worthy representatives of barbarians ;" also that the scene towards the close of the recent no-confidence motion " was reminiscent of the convict days, wild, unrestrained orgies of drunkenness and obsceuity." Further on : " Men promin ent in our political life live in a state of shameless immorality, and the conversation and anecdote in the highest political circles are eooh as ona oould expect only among the poshes of the BOCUB, À woman enters the ladies1 gallery at the risk of being mada a butt for lewd witticism. . . . The man who gives the greatest liberty to his tongue is the hero of the lobby. No elo quence oould move the House, or be as effec tive or as much appreciated as a ribald joke." There is only one expression tbat can be applied to the above brief assortment, culled from the many other charges uttered by the editor of the paper in question, and that is that the indictment is a lie from.be ginning to end. No one will for a moment contend that the one-hundred-and-twenty five men who sit in the Assembly of N.S.W. are collectively any better than a similar number of men gathered together in a church conference or a journalistic club, or a Chamber of Manufactures' meeting but at any rate they are no worse ; and the scribe who undertakes to prove what are as yet merely a series of bald charges, will find that he has a long row to hoe. The1 writer has witnessed scenes of a more dis graceful nature at the meeting of nine members of a suburban Municipal Council than he has at the Souse during its most excited sittings ; and not Jong since at a big church congress in this colony the, general conduct of those who took part was much more extravagant than that of our Parliamentarians has been since the days of Jennings and Parkes. It ia a very easy : thing for a journalistic censor to throw broadcast charges of the general nature above alluded to ; but if be has the inter ests, of the community &t;, heartland if>Tfc) ie capable of proving the aooaraoy of iiití' indictment, why on earth is he not sufficiently courageous- to mention names instead of including all and sundry in his scathing denunciation ? A little cheap popularity and prominence of a temporary nature may be obtained through the medium of an attack upon the characters of'Members of the Assembly-but there is so much fustian about the whole assault that few people possessed of a mere modi cum of common-sense will be gulled by it for any period longer than it takes them to think the matter out. The writer might just as fairly turn his attention to the Stock Exchange, the Churches, and all such other institutions-and blackguard all as sociated with them, simply because of the circumstance that a few black sheep happen to be included in their membership. With the advent of Christmas the holi day craze rises up and confronts the whole community like a phantom-and this year is to be no exception to the general rule, j for there is even now being raised a loud clamour in the land for a cessation from work from the Friday preceding Christmas day until the following Wednesday morning. Very properly, it would appear, the Govern ment has refused to meet this most un reasonable demand- made, of course, in the interests of the only elass who can possibly enjoy it-civil servants and bank officials-and that at the expenee of the interests of business folk the whole country over. Fact is, there are too many holidays already-seeing that the great body of the people have to suffer pecuniary loss if they avail themselves of same, and that, whether they do or not, they are compelled to bear ! the cost of every such holiday to our large i and growing army of public servants. The official pay-sheet of this colony totals close ou £3,000,000 yearly, and this means that to j provide for every general holiday the pockets of the people are exploited to the extent of nearly £10,000. Meanwhile, trade and commerce are interfered with to a marked extent, and many unfortunate men are practically debarred from earing their daily wage-aie butchered, so to speak, to make a day of recreation for those of their brethren who are so singularly favoured in that they are able to draw their screw whether they work or not. The holiday craze is not by any means evaporating-it appears to be becoming intensified - and though Shakspeare knew a lot of human nature, he could not possibly have con templated the condition of things «hieb at present prevails when he wrote : If all the year were playing holidays, To sport would be as tedious as to work. There is no appreciable diminution in the demand for an increase in the number of days set apart for recreation-rather the opposite ; and therefore it is well that the Government should plank its big flat foot down heavily, and as far as possible stamp out the insane clamour which is at present being raised in our midst. ' The trouble at the present time all the world over is that one set of men have too many enforced holidays, whilst another set, employed by Mr. Jack Government, for the most part on short hours and big pay, are ever on the look ont for increased concessions. More power to them-if they can. make their efforts successful ; but seeing that, the efficiency of the public service is oertainly impaired by reason of every inroad so made, it is at least to be hoped that their, latest demand will be rejected, and that the de cision .already arrived at will be vigorously adhered to. Ijast week in the Assembly several hund reds of thousands of pounds were voted away for the purpose of enabling training walls, breakwaters, and such other works, having for their object the improvement of the channels of certain Northern Eivers, to bè constructed. And this despite the fact that tór. Lyne and several other members ~póin^^j0^,'J|^;i$yen in question were ^¡^jjfftí^^f^ proximity to each,ptber, 'iaw^ns^^eiB^aiintly^ thé tKyf Jfáhñm* might reasonably have been restricted to the more important streams. But the House was in a mood for voting away thousands, and, as a consequence, every at tempt made in the direction of defeating this or that project failed most ignomini ously. Mr. Fitzpatrick, during the course of the debate, pointed out that whilst the Northern rivers were very liberally treated as far as public expenditure is concerned, the Hawkesbury, a finer stream than any i of them, had had hut scant attention paid it in the past, and possessed but little pros pects of being better treated in the future. Years since, a sum of money was placed on the Estimates-and it is still included in the loan votes-for expenditure in the im provement of the channel of the Hawkes bury ; but nothing appears to have been done farther, and, consequently, the river is day by day becoming more difficult of negotiation by craft of anything like a decent draught at all. Mr. John See, M.P., sought to depreciate the claim of Hawkes buryitesto departmental consideration, by pointing nut that a yery large loss of £5000 per annum was experienced by the Railway Commissioners in the working and main tenance of the branch line from Blacktown to Richmond ; but he conveniently forgot to do justioe to this branch by explaining that the reason why the cost of construction appeared so great for the 16 miles was that the old permanent way was merely laid for a horse-tram, and that at a later period -it had bad substituted for it one capable of carrying the heavy engines now in use. tie also omitted to remark th it if the Hawkesbury District is to be penalised because its railway does not pay, then the Northern Rivers and South Coast harbours should be similarly treated, because the annual losses resulting from their railroad services are infinitely greater in proportion than ours are. The residents of the Hawkes bury bave a right to demand that some steps should be taken by the Harbours and Rivers Department in the direction of keeping clear of obstruction that portion at least of the waterway which runs Windsorwards ; and the Member for the District should not be behindhand in pressing its claims. The river has been too long neglected, and every year that it is allowed to remain in its present condition only tends to render more difficult the task, and less possible the recog nition of our just claims. Mr. Morgan should lose no time in bringing the matter under the notóos of the Minister for Works. 1 Samuel Bogers, the poet, whose " Italy" is a classic celebration of the land of paint* iog and song, once remarked that" To moy* one who has reached a very advanced age, a walk through the streets of London ii like a walk in a cemetery." If this ia trae of London it is doubly true of Sydney, for the simple reason that here memory does not overlie memory, and the recollections of our yesterdays bid fair to outlast the monuments that commemorated them, for Sydney is a city of new buildings erected on memorable sites. The reference to the " cemetery" is true, moreover, in a literal sense when applied to the City. The Sy4r. ney Town Hall stands on the site of * burying-ground. It will probably not he very long before Devonshire-street eenie tery will he utilized for the purposes of railway extension. But putting aside any literalness in expression or of application, Sydney is a city of exorcised ghosts. In the windows pf Messrs Angus and Robert son one may still see lithographie outline diagrams representing Sydney shops »nd Sydney streets coeval with the days when men wrote '80 or '40 or '50 on their letter-heads ; and old almanacs may still fae consulted showing ns eounter* feit presentments of the first Sydney Post ' Office or Royal Hotel ; but the kindly sense of locality which preserved such records of places endeared by association to the best - of human instincts seems to have desefctpd * /, ? us, and we suffer the destruction of an nsf2' torie building or an old landmark witjb no emotion, aDd not so much as the fattiest at tempt to preserve a momento in photo* M granby of its local habitation and its ninia. It is, no donbt, a commendable instinct which impels us to improve our rookeries off the face of the earth, but we must re member that in such rude and primitive' buildings we brewed tbe blood that flows in the veins of the present ; and that th« hovels of our fathers are sanctified by the laughter and the tears, the struggles and privations, the gains and the successes thal ^ go to make of a nation,and the healthy build ing-up of the sentiment of nationhood. In out-of-the-way corners one lights upon sn ancient hostelry from which in days now long gone by the coach started for Parra matta or Windsor, or the hotel of modernity may have figured in the past as the head qucrters of some Government Department, or the present be-battled-looking lodging house may once have been dignified by a Governor's residence. Close down to th« water's edge, about the Rooks, old Fort street, Cumberland-street, Princess- street, Observatory Hill, Miller's Point, and por tions of Woolloomooloo are dozens of old time buildings whose foundation stones were laid in ante-railway times. It is sinful to allow these old land-marks to disappear SANS an effort to preserve some recollection of their picturesqueness. What are ont artists doing when they go far afield for subjects for which no one cares a jot or tittle ? Sydney is the one quaint city of the Australasian group. Adelaide is appalling in its rectangularity, Melbourne is mon otonously modern. Surely some effort should be made to retain to us a notion of the olden times, before we have " improved" the old place into oblivion ! Here ia a public-spirited thing for some benevolent photographer to do ; and his benevolence would come back unto him as bread cast upon the waters, without long waiting for so very many days. There are many Sydneyites with tender recollections of places endeared to them by school-boy ex periences who would be delighted to havw some memento of their youthful joys and sorrows. The house in which one's father ' was born would make a precious picture to any but the parvenu, The cynic may retort that tbere are many who, perhaps, spent most of their youth in durance vile ; yet nathless a gaol is an inconvenient place to be born in. Surely some record, per medium of the camara, could be preserved of all those historic ami venerable piles which did such good service in the early days of Svdqev wtUiweat. 