THE UGHT THAT-CAST NO:8HADOW. Criouse stories are told about the powers poe. messed by certain nativesof India, who. llve up among the limalaya mountains These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knowe nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these queer Hlindus arocalled, for the purpose of finding oue the secret of theit remarkable performances. They treated him rather scaur. vily, but interested Lism all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with' ihmto acave wherein the the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottbom of a well. " Icant see to send, here,' said the visitor, "Then we will have some light," was the re. ply, and immediately (the profeser eays) a soft Pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality-it cast not the slightest This ia story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning'-and; high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the' light you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or un belief commonly runs parrallol with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the ac count of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the ', tale of the Cock Lane ghost. "In the spring of 1888 " writes our corres. pondent," I fell int a low, weak, and languild state. I felt low-spirited and out of sbrts. At first my stomach was deranged,, my appetite poor, and after eating I had a pain and weight at the chestt. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat asp a sour fluid, also. bitter bile. Later on I saffered from nervousness and great depreslon of spirits. I kept up with my work, but bad always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relievnlo me. At last heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and pro cured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I bed no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having need it. or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup I have been in the best of health and spirits, In the interests of suffering humanity I deem itis adtyto send this testimony. (Signed) D. Graffiths.,151 Hlockley Ilill, Birmingham, June eight 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cant nosh.laow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is vorth. On the other band we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but .ymptoms, formst or phases of that .universal disea-so- indigestsoa and dypepsia; it cures that and throws the light of health and happi ever hearts and homes wshere illness and pain bhad cast such dark and terrifyien shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 