"PHANTOMS" AT THE LYCEUM. "Phantoms," played at tho Lyceum Theatre for tho first time on Saurday night, is not a dream of what might be in anoifior world. It is an exciting, and ut times a fascinating, drama, which supplies tho justification for Its name in the hallucinations urising out of the disordered brain of a inurdorer. In his waking and sleeping hours, just at tho moment of tlie realisation of his wicked plans, the phantom of a murdered friend appears, 1-iko tho ghost in "Iiamlct," "silent and reproachful." Tho essential features of the story are these. Louis Oakleigh and David Durant are diamond merchants in London. Durant disinherits his son, Harry Durant, and makes a will in favor of Louis Oakleigh, his wife Edna, and his sister Tess Oakleigh. Horry Durant, who Js in secret Toss' lover, cherishes a spirit of ill- disposition for his father, and a feeling of revenge towards Louis Oaklelgli. One night he learns of the anticipated arrival of a considerable consignment of diamonds, gains access to liis father's oflico, and by murdering the postman obtains possession of the atones. Before escaping, which lie doeu with tlie assistance of Tess, ho is seen by Oak leigh. He goes to Kimberley, and fails in with Stephen Itondull, with whom he changes names. On Mr. Dtirant's death, Louis Oakleigh goes to South Africa to settle certain business trans actions, and thero meets with Harry Durant, who at that time is living under tho name of Stephen Kendall. Before leaving Ills father's office on the night of the robbery, Harry Durant destroyed tho will, and thereby becomes heir, in the absence of any other will, to a considerable property. At Kimborloy, .Harry Durant makes a bargain with the real Stephen Reudali to many .Madge Grantham in Louis Oakicigh's name, and in consideration of other assistance in obtuinlng his father's property, to give him a third of the proceeds. Reudali conceives, the. idea of getting rid' of Durant and claiming !the property him- self. Accordingly, In tho course of a quarrel between Harry Durant and OaWei'gh, during which shots are fired, Kendall shoots Durant, and the suspicion attaches to Oakleigh. In a subsequent scene, Kendall finds Duranu only half, dead, and when ho discovers that Durant is aware who fired tho real s.'iiot, he dispatches him with an iron bar. Durasik, before dying, stands up and curses Kendall; and this is tho phantom which haunts him <nor after. In tho meantime, Oakloigh is tried fur the murder of Durant, and, being acquitted, returns to Eng land. Kendall also goes back- to England aa Durant. He endeavors to personido Edna Oak leigh that her husband married Madge Grantham in South Africa, and during his. schemes to be come possessed of old DurtuiU's property his real identity is established by "tho return of Oakleigh and by other witnesses, and Ills machi nations are exposed. But his life fc made a misery by the constant appearance of (Harry Durant's phantom. Mr. W. II. Diver plays the part'Of Stephen Ren- dull, alias Harry Durant, with, excellent results. His ravings during the appearance of the phan toms aro distinguished by great dramatic power. Mr. Diver elects to pourtray the character at times with, we think, a littio too much vehem ence. All the same, the difference is largely of conception, and while Mr. Diver's version differs In sonic parts from ours, it is a per formance upon which he, Is to be complimented. The characters of LouiSVOakleigh and David Du rant aro capably managed by Mr. Walner Gre gory and Mr. Terence Goodwin respectively. Miss Maud Williamson appears as Edna Oak leigh, and is especially good in the scene where Kendall, alias Durant, confronts her with proofs of her husband's infidelity. Miss Inez Bensu- san as Tess Oakleigh, Harry Durant's lover, Is satisfactory, and Miss .lean Gilbert as Madge Grantham makes as much as possible out of the part. Amongst the characters which may be re garded as more or less subsidiary to the chief parts are Herbert Belcour (Mr. C. R. Stanford), Abel Craaton (Mr. J. II. Nunn, who makes a successful rc-appearanco in Sydney after an ab sence of a number of years), Dr. Dennis Darling (Mr. John F. Fordo), and the Rev, John Muir (Mr. Clement Wakefield). 