-SHORT STORIES. "IN HOUG b?luNO" (By John Arthur 'Barry.) It was *hot in Borderville. Ay, so ,dt that you could see the pepper trees shr.iik and curl their leaves and visibly wilt under the fierce breath of the wes tern heat wave. "Hadn't you. better wait, Jim, dear, till the ra.ins come before starting?" asked a girl of her lover as 'the pair sat in one of the coolest spots in 'that township where all were hot. ",Might wait for a, blue, moon, dar ling,".replied Jim Traynor, as his arim stole round Clara Maybury's slim waist, and his face approached her owmn "It we don't nmake a push some: other fel lows will. " From all accoounts it's a' fortune if we can find it." "Yes, if you can," said. Clara, doubt fully; "There! there,! Jim, that will do. It's too hot for that.sort of thing," she continued, as tUhe young man's' good-looking face, coming closer, still, she gave him a slight ,push away. "Oh, all right," exclaimed -Traynor, rising, "considering this may be our 'last meeting for many months, I don't think you ,need be so jolly particular to a kiss more or less on account of the weather." "You know it's not that, Jim," re plied Clara May.bury, her rather cold 'blue eyes softening as she spoke; "but tthe heat makes ,one irritable and ner vous. There, then, will that do? Oh, if you only have luck this time you'll take me away from 'this horrid' place, won't you? Father has tried in vain once more 'tol get an exchange." "And little wonder!" returned Jim, grimly. "Fancy a manager from 'the mountain country or the coast wanting to ,come here! Why, he might just as well apply for a' shift to -Hades at once. Why, yes, of course, Clara, if 'this spec. should turn up. trumps we'll get married quite suddenly and never cry crack :till we smell old -Monaro's mountain land on our honeymoon. So cheer up, dearest, and let us .hope in the good time coming." Buot no colour 'came into 'the girl's pale face. as she allowed her betrothed .to kiss her once more; neither shaping her passive lips to his nor moving 'her hands lying clasped before her on her lap. ".Clara, you're as cold as ice to me," exclaimed Jim, with a ring of exas pe'ra!ted passion in his voice as he sud den.ly .folded her in his arms and kissed :her repeatedly, causing, at last, the fair cheeks 'to flush redly and the blue eyes to, gleam with some of the light that shone in his own. Carrie.d out of her usual calm contained self, she returned his caress with almost as much fervour as even he could wish for; setting his heart at rest by re peated assurances of her love. And, indeed, Jim Traynor, w.ith 'his well set up figure 'and handsome features, was a man any girl in Borderville would have' been only too. pleased to own, as a lover, almost penniless as he was. Twelve months ago, at ,the time of his engagement to Clara Maybury, the only 'daughter o'f the manager ,of the Bank of Carpentaria in that far border township, Traynor had owwned a com pact, if small, station some. few miles out. But, in a luckless moment balck ing 'some bills. for a friend, the inevit able in such cases overtook him, and he had to pay up. This so seriously taxed his resources that the long drought completely finished him. Find ing himself practically homeless, he had offered Clara her liber,ty. This she had indignantly refused. Then Jim had turned his hand to different things, dealing, droving, etc., but with out making more than' 'a me~e .li'veli hood. Now, a wandering bushman had given him and two -others "Uhe straight 'tip" as to the whereabouts 'of an opal mine far away to the West, across the desert country. The man had been in Traynor's emaploy in the good -times of Ngori station. And although just at present ill in the hospital, and con, sequently incapa'bl'e of guiding him to the spot, he shad sent for hi's former -master, .and professing himself mind ful of many past little kindnesses, given him such explicit directions. 'that Jim 'thought there could be no difficulty in discovering the exact place. Thus with 'a couple 'of o~ther. young men, sonas of mei'ghbouring squatters nearly at the end of their tetlher through drought and 'rabbits, he was setting out to 'tempt fortune by a ,new road. M'anager M?aybury-a 'widower whose only child Clara was-had openly 'advo cated 'the breaking .off of 'the engage. ment. But his daughter, who man aged him, would not- hear of such a thing. Still, how bitter the downfall of all Iher hopes 'had been when Ngort "smashed".no one but herself lknew. Jim, perhaps, partially guessed. So far, however, no ivord of the might have been had passed between them. Only, and for the first time, that morn ing had 'the girl's horror of her envl rtonment, her lonng 'to' get away, found ,speedh. U'ndcmonshrative as she was by nature, she loved Jim. Tray nor as much 'as lay in her to love any body, and was loath to have him ven 'ture .into Ithe 'wilerness- on .a quest that seemed to her more than doulbbfui. But at the same time.she 'bitterly, if secretly, resented the loss ?f Ngori and all that it meant to her. "Sling Traynor, Clara, and picek ,,p with some fellow who can ke.ep you younng Mtlls, for instance," had been hard' drinking old Mayury'st advice. But Mills, inspector of roadis and bridges, possessed no attraction: for Clara when it dame 'to a choice be tween the' 'two. And yet 'she Was coldly angry-causelessly, unjustly angry as ,she told herself. For why should a man b'e such a fool to back bills for his :frien'ds, and,. thus thrown away money that would have kept.a wife in comfort? Mills, wviT;h his. £500 a year, could do it easily. " But then \--she loved the ether man. .A?l if.this opal quest should turn ?ut--but then she had heard of so many suceh.ven tures. Oh!. if Jim could 'have oinly married her' at on'ce! art once! and t~aken her aay flrom the terrible town and drunken fallher .and the taqual'or ahb.d'hea~t alnd hideou~sness of 'the life. Such were. the th.iomights"that passed throug'h her mind as almost mechani cally she returned her lover's:farewell kisses. "Give me something for luck, dar ling," 'said Jim, as at laot he rose to go. Her mood hwhd changed, and perhaps with son:e vague prev!sion of the fu tu.re, she held him tightly to her and' kissed him on lip and cheek. Then, taking a silver crc;-s from her neck, where it had 'hung from childho~od, she put it over his own. "In Hoe Signo," said he, e, he reat the motto upon it for 'the thousandth time, but on this occasion with a new meaning. Then caught by a paIsing fancy, the continued, half in jest halt in earnest, "and by this sign, ,then,. promise me, dear one, that until it re turns to you you will givc. neither heart nor hand to any man." And he laughed lightly. But, to his surprise, Clara kissed the cross passionately, and swore what he asked ,as if with an actual present sense of relief. Then, slipping the thing inside his shhirt, she sat back pale and worn-looking. The heat waves still danced along the white wide dusty. street as Jim Traynor stepped out of ,the bank and looked up, and kissed his hand in farewell to the white face shrined in its wealth of yellow hair that gazed blankly out at ihim from the green blinds-a face fo> Rosetti or Ho.lman:Hunt,or Burne-Jones to have immortalised on their canvas. But one so incongruously out of place in a back- block township that even Traynor, in. w'hom romance had little share, was startled and paused many times to look back upon the. picture it made. Then, whilst he 'strode along, past the crackling roofs. of the inlana furnace in whose street no living bein. was seen save a few of Genghis Khau's camels nibbling the roley-poleys that a sudden willy-willy now and again brought off the ,open spaces that lay on every hand, Clara Maybury sat down. to her piano and crooned softly to her self fragments of an old song she had once heard, bhut forgotten utterly till that moment:- Gaily bedight, a gallant knight, Through sunshine and through shadow, Rode along, singing 'a song, and look ing for El Dorado. But he grew old, that knight so bold, And o'er his heart a shadow Fell when he found no spot of ground That looked like El Dorado. Wearied at length, and 'lo?ing strength, He met a pilgrim shadow; "Shadow," said he, "x-Ihe.re can it be This land of El Dorado." "Over the mountains of 'the moon, And down 'the vale of 'shadow, Ride, boldly ride," the shadow replied, "Four there lies El. Dorado." "And so you are going otit back again, Mr. Traynor, I 'hear," said Bes sle.Armour. "What are you after this time?" And the, pretty barmaid at ,the "Royal" looked rather anxiously at Jim as she set glasses before him self and his two friends, Barclay and Harrison. "Oh, th'e same 'old thing, Bessie," re plied Jim. "Or rather-I 'don't mind 'telling an old friend like you-we've got o'n the track of an. opal mine, and are off to .see if we cana spot it." - Bessie sighed, and 'thei fresh colour in her cheeks came andi went. She was a pretty girl, brown-haired, brown eyed, and with a' complexion unin debted to anything but cold water. More, she 'was wihat everybody spoke of emphatically as a "good girl," than which no higher praise can fall to' one in her position. And she had loved Jim Traynor ever since she. had first seen him, four years ago now, u.rive up to 'the doior of the "Royal" one show .time; keeping her secret as best she might, often with much effort. She had cried when the "smash" came, and Jim had kissed her andi called her a kind-hearted little thing, and, told hqr not 'to fret. Also, 'later, having made a good .oheque out of some 'houses, he 'bought 'Bessie a gold cha!,n and. locket. Thus the pair became wonderfully good friends; aside it was even rumoured that they might some day make a match of it. Such 'things, often hap pen and nobody any 'the worse. And it says much for Bessie that no one, even in the western freediom of the bar parlour, ever, when her smash came, chaffed her, or, indeed, ventured to .hin't in any 'way that she had, to use the local phrase in such matters, "fallen in." All the same, Bessie hated with a very wholesome hatred' indeed that woman with 'the pre- Raphaelite face and figure who had worked her down fall. As for Jim, he seemed, and probably really was, sublimely uniconscious that anything was expected of him, or that he had, as 'the word. goes, "treated ' the girl' badly." Certainly Bessie: never gave anyone' cause to say so. All the same, people spoke of. the 'matter amongst themselves; and 'Mr. and Mrs. Curtis at the parsonage, and otherns, were, in consequence, cool to. the young man. But Bessie had p'ocketed: her pride and gone on loving him better than ever. And now, as she watched Jim, her eyes were iheavy wi'hh unshed tears, tfor she knew that he. was bound on a long and dan'gerous journey across country that even Genghis Khan and his camel train fought shy of. So mulch she gathered as the 'three talked to 'gether in the holt little parlour adjoin ing the bar, whilst from the yard out side came the impatient stamp of their horses, packed and rea~dy, awaitinlg Wvbat was sarcastically known as "the cool of "the evening" in those parts. "Well," said Jim, at last, "good-bye, Bass'sie. If luck's. with us, you shall have a set of opals that there's not the like of in 'the.. west. "A kiss for for tune, Bess, and then I'm boff." 'For a moamen;t 'the girl 'hesitbated. Then, 'throwving. her arms round his .neckl, she kissed him twice, 'thrice, and bursting into tears, ran from thel r:orom. "Soft- hearted little thing," commen ted 'Jim, in a rather surprised' tone. "But we were always fii:st-ra~te chums, Be'ss and I." "Jove!" muttered Barclay, 'RAnd to think he can't see, or won't see,' how gone the poor gal is on him, and all because of that white-faced - o.ver at the bank." "Siockenin', ain't it?" replied Harri son, who was of. rather finer fibre. "Here she is, as full of llove and' affec tion for the felldl?w as she can. be, and there's that Maybury girl with no more 'feeling than a black snake. And Jim 'mus.t go and buck' up.,to her! By jiigo,'- bunt some chaisa i am'e blind as :bally bhats!"' SAnd so out in'to' the broad street, .with the fading pepper trees: alonlg its side~s; white clouds of fide:dus:t rising. under the-honses' hoofs, fierce metaillic c.a?lter of cicadas 'frbom patches of tor rid gaerden: and a?at 'the far ehd, right in the :i'der's track, a red gldbe of flre .wingingn low on to the tops of the etunted scrub. In ons room a girl "nerving drinks" with a blreaking heart. n anlolther, one wiho still murmured to hciself: Wleamried, at length, and Ici?ng stren.gh, He met a pi.grim shadow. "Shadow," ,oaid he, "whrp can it be This land of El Dorado." Time passed, but the drought did not, danced a;rd quivcered as of yore. 'All the people -who could had gone away to cooler regions. But amongst tJhem the Mayburys were not ,numbered. And mis fortune had 'come .to them in such wise t-hat it seemed they might never in all their lives get away. Mr. Maybury, as a consequence of perpetual "booz ing," had lost his position, in the bank, and now, with his dauglhter, was living in a little camp-oven of .a cottage stuck right in. the eye of the; sun--a hut almost, adown whose chimney camels came and looked inquisi:tively, and through whose shrunrken slabs the: des ert du:st blew in clouds. And the .whi.te-faced 'girl, with the eyes of steely blue, pale face, and great masses of maize-coloured hair, ate her soul out in ,the misery and squalor of the place ,whilst her father loafed for drinks at the bar 'of the "Royal." Twice ,Mills had proposed and twlce he had been rejected. Jim Trayno, had been .gone t'hree long month's with ourt giving any sign. And, albroad, Mr. 'Maybury publicly bewailed the: fact tha.t his wife should 'have ever borne him an' undutiful .daughter. 'At home he sat and cried miserably to her to go and marry Mills and his £500 per an num. "Whamt's the good oif waiting, you fool! you fool" the wailed. "S'pose Traynor comes back, even--?hich he nevcr will--he'll be. a bigger broker than ever. Don't 'talk to me albout opals! Rtubbish! If he'd only kept Ngori, and not acted like a fool, 'we'd both ha' been out o' this cussed hole long since. Mills is goding 'to get a shift next month to Armidale, and a rise, too. Why slhouldn'"t we go with him? Oh, you ungrateful' fool!" And Bessy, looking on. and serving drinks, and exulting in' the other woman's misery as only a woman can, wondered, nevertheless, with mucn wonder why she hesitated. For the girl read 'Clara like a. book, and; well. knew that she was not made 'of the stuff 'that stands pressure of the kind she was being subjected to. But the fact was Clara Maybury was frightened. Like many other slow blooded, but lymphatic, people of her stamp she was su perstitio'us. And she had sworn on 'the cross 'to (be faithful and true.' "Neither heart 3nor hand to anyr man;" Jim, she remembered, had only said it' jokingly. Yet she, fool that .she was, must go and swealr it solemnly. Yes, after all, her father was right-she Was a fool. But Whe could not break that oath. "In Hoe Signo!" And she shuddered as she thought 'of a dead man's .presence haunting her lengt!h of weary days should she succumb to temptation. Time passed. And 'then one 'day a camel train from the westward brought in two dazed and broken wrecks of what had once been sturdy bushmen, named respectively Bar'clay and Harrison. And all they 'had .to tell was told in a few sentences-native wells all' dry; dead horses; hunger, thirst, madness, and the mocking of the unsainted desert. But for saome friendly blacks 'they never would Ihave been able 'to make in 'to where they met 'the camels. As for Tra:ynaor- poor Jim-at one of their desert camps, delirious and. orying upon a certain girl's name, he had wandered away 'through the night; and -when the others at dawn resumed their painful crawl througih the ,heavy ,spinifex 'there was nothing in 'sight. What 'could they do? It was death to stay and search. Better one die than three. It was the law of 'the desert. Besides he was lower and weaker than they. The failure to 'find the opal 'had preyed o'n his mind, and 'he was "worrying." Pro bably he had died thh~t same night. That .was 'the brief story told by the pair of ghosts the wilderness had given uD. 'And Clarla Maybury shuddered again as in her dreams she 'saw 'that form struggling m'adly through 'the prickly spinifex, with hoarse groans of "Clara! Clara!" from its parched lips. Well, all was ended now .for him'; 'but not for her. Even death, 'she held, could not absolve her from her 'oatth. And still there was more of superstitious fear than of conscience in her -dismal reso, luition. "That is all I have," Bessie Arm'our was saying to Gedighis Khan, a night or two afteir the news came, as she pointed to a small heap of notes, a gold w'atch, locket, and chain, and other jewellery -that she had brought 'to the Indian's tent in 'a kerchief. "Take it, and lend nie the camel. I'm 'going to find Jim, or know the reason, why." "A long journey and a hard one, my sister," said' the :other, strokin~g a big black 'beard meditatively, "with, pos sibly, disappointment .at the end of it. But what sai:th our prophet, 'the way of a woman'-is as tihe way of a~ beating wave up'on a 'rock.' Therefore shalt 'thou go. For again, is it not werltten that .'a kind word costeth naught, and yet may mean all golod rthings to the giver thereof.' Therefore ,Thalt thou go."Fobr when I and my wife journeyed hither, and people saw that sthe was~ white they mocked, all b?t thou, who hadst ever a pleasant' greeting and friendly smile for one th.at thy people looked upon as outcast. Therefore, put up thy money and thy jewels. If any man can find thy-lover it is Has san Ali,' who arrived with 'he 'train 4that brought the 'two others in'. He shall go with 'thee. Thou shalt ride mine own beast, Ayesha,, and m~ay the blessing of Allah attend thee in thy quest." Tlhe shadow of a great rock in a weary land;_ faces black, 'btt kindly, grouped around a .fragile shelter of spears and skins, unaer which lies a man dying with his head in a womna's lap. All the western sky is aglow with clouds.of hy3acinlh and jasper, amber, and. streaks off vivid purple-a desert sunset. Two. hobbled camels browse on the spinifex. The naan's eyes are fixed imtently skyward. Presently se murmurs, weakly, "Te?l' her I loved her, Bessie. Tell (her'I said so with my last bsea:th. And, Bessie, give her the croes you'll find lying on my heart. 'In Hoc SiJgo,'. Clara! Yes, yonder lies the opal' field! Butt, too late!'" And he lay back deat "I found him whilst you were sitting idle: lerTe," said a tannod and ragged womman, enterin.g abruptly and 'stand ing in front of Clara May'bu'ry. "I loved him~! But you never did! You don't know what love is! He sent you this.with his dying breath. Her sent you tthis, too!" And, as the ,omaan turned to go, a silver cross and chain fell at Clara's feet. . . That night Mills was coming for his final answer, before dpa'rting to his new station in 'the pleasant talbleland. EAT JONES' IXII :A-M 'B.U 