f o u n d e d A Queer Case in Surgery. IH1IUK WITH THK B1XD10ZD KAHD. "I bug your pardon, air; art you a physician J Dsteotive Carter turned and surveyed the person who thus iddmnd him. He uir a thin, dark, nervon* man rerj veil dressed, and with an air of wealth. Hit right hand was ruddy bandaged. "I heard that man flail yon doctor,'* the •trantercontinued, ap-ilogetioally; "and, M I am in a great hurry to lure my hand attended to, 1 ventured to addrees yon." ; The man who had called the detective "doooir" wu old Milte, a newsdealer. Mike pridee himself upon being able to nsd st a glanee the trade or profession of iteireubKMr. In this owe his guess was not bad. for the famous detective looked like the average fashionable physician of New York. Ordinarily, in aneh a oaae, he would limply have corrected the mistake, but tomething in the aspect of the nan who nor confronted him, engaged hi* interest in a remarkable degree. And ao, like the Yankee, he evaded theqaeatbm by asking another. " What ail* your hand f" be add. " 1 don't know," was the reply; "but it ?ivea me great pain." - Carter could read that in the ebaugar'a bee, which waa drawn with agony. " Come with me," aaid Garter ; and the other, without hesitation, aooompaoied klm. The detective led the wayto the oBoe of a friend—Doctor Horace Gordon— viich waa near by. It was about half-past eight o'clock in tiw forenoon, and the doctor's patients hid not began to arrive. Doctor Gordon ni alone in his offioe. "ib, good-morning, doctor," said Chiter. "Were you waiting to «M nf Gordon aav that Carter waa taking the put of a phyadan, and took the hint huUntly. "Yea," he aid, rising aa if to go ; " bat arnoe you have a patient " " Don't go,"aaid Outer ; *• rmaure tba gentleman «illnot object jretflnoe." " Not at aH,** aaid the •tranger. " And now," be continued, " leVabave t look at your hand." The man sot hia teeth hard. Than, vith great case, aa it the operation waa itremely painful, he began to remove the •adage. There were aeveral atrips of cloth, and i unwound them slowly. At iaat the ad waa bare. Dr Gordon oonld not repreas an exunation of aurpriae. The hand waa •thout a aoar. ft traa, to all appear- • m, as healthy as a band oonld be. " There is no eitanul sign of trouble," •id Carter, quietly. " Where does the in seem to be I ' "his there," aaid the stranger, pointing a spot almoat in the middle of the back the hand. " What is the aensation V "A terrible boning. Tbe fire of a mace seems ouaoentrated in thatapot I" " This ii very remarkable," add Garter. 1 should like to have lbs benefit of cr advice, doctor. WOl you make an amination f' Doctor Gordon made a moat searching nsiigation, using tbe microaoope, SUM «y other aid which tin; practioe of idem surgery ooold auggesft. "I can aisoover nothing," be add, at t "Bat, gentlemen, I am in agony, ed the patient *' it aeems thataooe "Uy acid were consuming my fleah." Doctor Gordon made a aign to Garter 1 he considered the nun insane. Carter questioned the atranger dosely, • answer* were perfectly rational. Not » of the ordinaty symptoms of mania a present except excitement, and that «ht be the re* lilt of phyaioal pain. "Well, air," aaid Garter, at last, there is nothing that 1 can do for you." "Yes, there ia," the man protested, ion can relieve me if you wilL" "Buthow?" ' By the knife. Got oat HO* pieoeof •II" v He took a lead penal mm&S;&tiU; * drew a rt*r ZmM *^ppon^ib «f It waa aa of a pin. • -Sg&rt; Both Carter and Doctor Gordon pro- •tad against aoch a coane. They as md the man ibattbeMmfebaoliMily : *hing the matter with bis hand. ,' J insisted. He begged them net lo <him endure such torments. when a * •eoonda' work with a aealpd woold <lieve him. it last, opening a oaae of instrumeata * lay on die doctor'* labia, heaeleoted * proper one for tba work, ,and an- •ooced hi* intention of perionningtfce fwation upon "<>nly bandage tbe w-mnd for me *f» it is done?'be begged. "That is 1 1 1 ask of you." Since the palient insists," aaid Doc- * Gordon, obeying a sign from fluta^ think we should do what ho wishes." In that oaae," aaid Garter, M I wffl *yon to perform the operation.*' """or Gordon took tba aurgioal inwment. The stranger ariiwiwd tbe **t«»t satisfaction. .Be held out Us band, and did not ^ while the doctor removed the *>®ts piece of fleah which had beeninby the circular maA. J^ch, bet it bled quite treaty. Doctor , prepared to bandage it, - . ' Do nit cheek tbeVowJ^mod te ^""U the atitogee. fl , ew *bata relid thi*i»ton». w«#e Mnennwd* <* [tj? ^ - M P * ™ * * polished gentl< aotattonal inliii manner,could I Hia' act was j«xteaordinary, but wA neoesaarily mujaoaL Tbere'miriit be aome obwrare ofuae for bis ailment and itaattange eureJ After the woid bad been neatly bandaged tbe man lhok bi* leave, With many exprewuona tkanka. Aa aoon a* thidoor had dosed behind htnvOuter turaed In the Sector. " Whatdoydo makeof itr heuked. Doetor Gordon ehook bi* bead. " He'a tbe afheat lunatio I ever saw, or the oraeteet sane man; I don't know which." "SOB are ante then waa nothing tbe matter with hi* hand !" ' " If there waa, the case is m medical, or nther a aaigical myateiy, which I would gira a good deal to be able to follow up. Twi may bave a chanoe to do it, for f am going to Mlow the tean up, end I'll let you know what I discover." Aa he spoke, the detective made aome rapid changes in hia appearanoo. Another moment, and be was upon die street, walking rapidly toward Sixth-avenQe. He felt aure that the atzaoge patient bad -come down town on tbe elevated mad, and bad got off at tbe Fifdetb-etreet station. This minion proved eound. The man wa« on tbe platform when be readied that paint. - They rode op town Cue to faoe, and the man with the bandaged bmod had go aoipisiantittt^ie white- halted, vcnmble ?|iijll|i.piaai .fiiiiiiM IjyyjMjfljw^gj''" Biijiapwi^.^ifF/^f;-^ ... On.'Uie"«Siy Carter bad a duinoa to atody the -oAer'a faoe. All traoe nf physical pain bad vaniahad. The man's expression war grave, and even melaneboly «t time*, bat eane al< ways. There bad been an air of mystery about him at lint The keen eye of the detective bad marked .him for one who was doing something outside the ordinaiy oocrse of bis life, and doing it searetly. That waa tbe reason why be had been ao deeply interested in bim. The man bad courteously bat firmly declined to give his name when Doetor Gordon bad hinted that it waa hia custom to make a record of his patienta Aa be watched tbe man in the train, however, Garter judged that he bad laid aside his secrecy. Hia demeanor, which at first had faintly ang^eated the «"•»•'•«'. was now far removed bom auch a criticism. He left the train at Eighty-first street, walked a little way on the avenue, and then turned -eastward. Presently he entered a very handsome, new hoau. Which, judging from his manir. was oertalnly his home Hu follower- walked alowly peat tbe house and then returned. Aa he approached it the second timeT a man came oat -hastily acid ran toward Ninth-avenue. ft was Dootor Douglass. 4he expert on nervous diseases. Doctor Douglass entered the drugatore on the corner, and Carter followed. I want yonr electric battery, Allen," he heard Doctor Douglass Bay to tbe drqggiat. . "Then there'a hope for her," cried Allen, evidently much surprised. " I don't .know; it's'hard to aay,*' replied the doctor. " At least, she is not dead" -i Allen hastened into tbe back room. Garter approached Dootor Douglaaa, whom he knew vety well. Doetw/* he aaid, " I wish to a*k a favor ofvyou/' _ •' Who lire yonf exclaimed the doctor. 'Jbaowjrant^wice. - *' " DeteaUve Garter," waa tbe reply. Tha ^oetor .nttered an exclamiAion of aurpris(B.J-'-;*L" . . "I srant you io aecure me admission to that -bouse from which you have just e. f wish to see your patient." Good beavena, Garter! are you on this esset :Who secured your help I Her family r\\.v «' WhaeefamUyf' M Why.Mra Langdon'a, of ooorae." "She ia mar patient t" " And the thin dark man who just entered the bouae ia her huaband V " Tea. Djd he encage yon "Nnt exactlv. What is the matter aritb Mia I«ngdonT* " Mr Garter, I tell yon. frankly that I haven't the remotest idea. Jut after midnight bar husband entered her room and fmind her nnoonsdous. I was called, and at firat pronounced ber dead. I have been with her ever ainoe, and have at last itiafied myself that ahe is living. There bnoaignnf it except the tempraatore of tba bndy. She bsa not grown cold. Otherwise ahe ia dead, to all appearance." " From what canaet" 1 don't know. Tbere fa no aign of disnaie nor a single mark cf injoiy." Oan ' eeeherr Tk^aoctor hesitated. Then he apdie impnlsively. ••Tea... t think ft the best thing possible. Tba oaae will have to be investigated aome time, and you're the best man to do it The aooner tbe better. Gome I" Ton will introdnoe me as a doctor. I have already flayed tba part once today." "Iwffl." At thia moment Aden appeared with the battery, inn box. . Doctor Dooglaa took ft, and be and Garter made their way at onoe to the house of the Langdon*, lam On / ; are nwj^tat^^ . -. • _ .iawepyotnffTperfaneeecan fnrnish.' . . ^^^^gaaaPTBft-n. ' ' : on.'BIAS! .'••; •A lovely woman'a face, rigid a* marUe, aquiCramed ingcOden nulla npona pdlow nf doan. Hie eye* were oloeed to all tbe luxury wbidtwealtb and love had brought around bar. Two women whispered by a window." One bad «iay.l*air;.;(he!0thec waannder thirty. &aL; bad the bean^ her time of life, and aJceen^iyBlnonld ixace in the bee of that tf tbe elderana in that npon the pQXow, the alrsnge suggestioei wliidi Tbeglanpeartuoh they out toward the bed were not ffleasant to aee. They were directed w* toward ti>e quiet faoe npon «he nOlow, but to wards a dark. thin man « i bed,' wiai hi* right hanfl.awatlKdinsi baodjge. - ; He ;4W oat ; Jook #t the death-like ij^Wr^"" ^fVs ^rife, nor toward tbe twoVomai l y ' . t e a eyea l^d a#xad and aomewhat vacant atare. Oarter followed tiieir direotiooj (and ^OTfrfrA >thst If thelman kawiaoything, it wonlytbe«Bdeo^«iriMi»oldwriflng- ^ ^ x i ; ,Ventured to M»11 Doctor Majioe In cooanltaHnn," aaid Doctor naraia «nadcatqr»b«n I tell you there ia nothing," aaid he. • At ftcat I tiunght, aa you do, that m violent dude to tbe head waa the cause of— He waa about to aay "death," but modified the expression into "this peculiar, faanoe-like oondition." Garter in the privacy of his own thought, admitted that he waa pnoled a* he bad not been for yeara. He glanoed from the man whe bad been tortured by an invisible wound to tbe woman who waa dying of an nndiaooverable injury, and waa half inclined to believe m aome new agent of murder, too subtle for physican or detective. Had this sombre man raised -bis hand against his wife, and transfixed that band with bi* own myaterious weapon, which stabbed and left no scar f' He quickly ahook off these fanciee, which had never troubled bis brain bofore. and began to help Dootor Douglass to adjust the electrical instrument. . the experiment which followed waa absolutely without result. No change whatever could be discovered in the condition of the patient. As Detective Garter raised his head from a last searching look Into the white face on the pillow, lie saw that the younger of the two women Waa beckoning to him from a half-open door. He followed ber. into an adjoining npsirtment, where be found, tbe elder woman waiting in meat dahfs. . u Dootor Uonroe,"the yooagc 'b^gan,'jgaie -yon Afimd 'tolllr .'lauur. IbaripJy. f thought ao, and 1 am glad of ft You will not be pr»judioed. ,, Fieaie nxp<Mn youraelL" " I am Mrs Langdon'a aiater-in-law. HLj husband is Herbert deaaon." u Now State Senator; I believer '•Tea. Iam naturally shocked by thia dreadful sfiir, but I will not give hope yet. All tbe teeourcee of mo" skill must first be exhausted. Meanwhile, however; tbere thing wtaich most be done. Lionise—Mrs Langdon —must be taken from this home." " Indeed I" exclaimed Garter, feigning surprise. " I certainly should not advise it. Why remove her from thia place, where she can have every attention f' The woman looked at him steadily for half a minute. Then ahe said, alowly— Tell me tbe cause of her present oondition." I cannot." I* she stricken with disease J" There is absolutely no aign of it." Yesterday she waa aa well aa I am. I tell you. Doctor Monroe, that ahe baa been poisoned." Garter ahook his head. "There is no sign of any poison known to. the medical profession," he eaid. Moreover, by what accident " tbe woman made an impatient gesture. " Don't talk to me of aocidents I" ahe exclaimed. " What, then "' " Talk of a man's insane jealousy. Talk of murder 1" You aocuse her huaband ?" Let the facia apeak, for themselves. He waa alone with her." But was be jealous T No, no," exclaimed the elder woman, who was also in tbe room. "I have never seen a sign of it." •.•Noneenae! cried the ether, in a bard tone. *' All husbands are jealous." Thi* absurd sentiment made Garter look ahaiply at the woman before him. ** Tonr remark," be eaid, coldly, " does not,'of -course, apply to State Senator Gleaapn." She laughed nervously. " My im«h»n«l la an exception," ahe aud. I don't think you have any grounds for suspecting Mr Langdon." "Nor 1," exclaimed the elder woman. Thqr were devoted to each other. Tou ahould not Bay aotb dreadful things, Louise." If you disregard them," eaid Louise, impressively, *'yon will be eorry." " I .will make • quiet investigation," aaid Garter, "and if l oan find a shadow of justifiastum for your accusation, I will have Mia Langdon taken elsewhere." •' To my house, 1 aaid tbe elder woman. He smiled and shook his head. "That is impossible," he aaid. " Mr vonld never consent." "Then what will you do ?" "Remove her to a hospital. We can make aome pretenoe in regard to appara tua neoessaiy for the proper treatment, which cannot be taken from tbe hospital." In his own mind the detective waa tho roughly determined upon the removal of the patient. He went at onoe to Doctor Douglass, aeoored his conaent, and than laid tbe eaae privately before Langdon. He had baldly began to apeak before bngdon interrupted him. you -need not minoe matters with me," he aaid. " Louise Gleaaon ha* aoensed me of murder. That is the plain fact." Do yon suppose I don't know it ? Why, I read the accusation in ber eyes while ahe waa talking with Mrs Gleaaon them by the window, juat a* you and Dootor Douglass came in." - "I shall let her have her way. Do whatever yon think beat in regard to removing my wife'a body. -It will make no diffnence. She ia already dfead." It may make a <reat deal rf diffiwaUtlwt Garter Mid- : her^ aikl it was latein lbe^a&ernoori;'wbeai he returnedtotbebOMe.. . He MEaand^'-'tnaigdon sitting on tin empty bed, in iJmnat tbe same attitude whuh he bad held when be had fimt aeen him there. He was looking in exactiy tbe aame direction, with theaame vacant atare.' It reqoirad oontfdeiable effort to anxne }|J]X| from llXB TBTBQB* "Ah,^l*it yon,doctor f" he aaked languidly. •• What nave you to tell me V -" There is no change." . "She wiU certainly die, and I shall be atmwed aaung " «Ifearyouaierightiand,aodibehig the oaae, I think yon should tell me the aSnunutaneea a«fairding your discovery of your wife's illness laat night 11 « There ia nothing to telL I'came into thicroom a^ midnight, and fbond her just as you aa^ her. That is absolutelyaU." « Had yonitmtf quarrelled f" w Hevwr. Wboa^y* that wo have r* Ohcter was xioit xwdy to answer that question. Mrs 'Herbert Gleaaon had apokenof jealousy inngenaml way, but, whte Ae bad'Mnd for an inatanoe of n^Jeilfljmty.ihewnmanhadiieen to admit that ahe had never seen nrhear&nf; aqnarrd'betweenthem.. - non. Tnat ~wtin>an w'Jjnsane ^nponnuie: ^}e<^She<ii^vocdtodi«suadeber mbw nia»nn ttiarrVrt hnibwid* were ^naw^ai^E^r that ioom&m.; I wffl not Mt a finger in my ^ ior jnyiife. bmmake " To whom now that I have lost her," asked langdon, and for tha fint time he showed genuine emotion. "To all who suffer," add Carter, solemnly. "Ah, who can suffer aa I do t" cried Langdon, and, springing to his fe«t, be began to pace tbe floor. The detective noted that the expression of pain which the man's face had worn that morning had returned. Presently, without a word, he hastened out of the room. Aa aoon aa he waa alone, the detective aat down in tbe chair where Inngdon had oat nearly all that day. He copied'the man's Attitude exactly, and hia eyes were turned in the as me direction, and with the same expression. Then he arose, and walked straight to the old-fashiened writing-desk. It had a high back. Its aide waa turned towards tbe chair which he bad just left. The detective laid his linger upon the aide of the deak. " He was looking at tins spot, beyond a doubt," he murmured. Then his face took on a look of great satisfaction. " I neatly laid my finger right on it," he aaid to himself. " Here ia tbe secret spring." He tcnched tbe apring, which was cleverly concealed in the owed woodwork. Instantly a large part of that, aide of the desk became movable. It awung open likeadoor. Behind it; In n namow epaoe between d»JinneriKtd-alitor: wall* Jot the desk, were many aheets o? paper. A light, thin bar of wood mcrou the space prevented the papers from falling down. "Letter*," muttered he, "and in a man's hand. Not Langdon's, certainly. Full of the'wildest protestation* Of love. Ah, her name 1 Well, here ia the motive at least" CHAPTER m. THE BANDAGED H*KD tAUK. " In mercy's name, cut deeper." " But, man, I tell you again and again that it will do no good." These were tbe words which Detective Garter heard aa be stood for a momen' outside tbe door of Doctor Gordon's offioe. He had gone thereat once on finding that Langdon had left the bouse, and knocked upon the door. He waa in the disguise which he had worn that mom ing. Langdon recognised bim aa aoon aa be was admitted. The unhappy man had torn the bandage from his hand, and was begging Gordon to use the knife again. Hi* faoe was contorted with pain. Hi* whole appearance Was pitiful. He turned to the new-comer. It i evident that he made a tremendous effort to epeafc calmly. "The operation relieved me for a time," he aud, "but you did not remove enough of the diseased fleah." " My dear air, your fieeh is as healthy a* an infant's," aaid Gordon. "Ia it not ao P He appealed to the detective, who took Iangdon'a hand. The little wound made that morning waa already beginning to close healthily. " [ must disagree with you, doctor," aaid he. " I detect unhealthy symptoms, and would recommend tbe course which the patient advisee. He signalled to Gordon as he aaid this. The ph>sician immediately abandoned hia opposition. Garter took an instrument, and slightly enlarged the wound in Langdon'a hand, taking care to make it bleed copiously. Again this strange man's faoe dunged from an expression of agony to one of ecataay. This will effect a permanent cure," he aaid. " I feel sure of it. You have saved B." When the wound had been bandaged, Langdon put hi* left hand into a pocket of his coat, and drew forth a large sum of money. 11 This trifling fee—" Langdon began. "Not one penny," said the detective. "You have already more than repaid UB." " How?" "By permitting n* to aee a most astonishing case in surgery. Hie obscure cause of your disease—" " Tpu do not know it I" cried Langdon, quickly. Not yet, but I hope to diaoover it in time." langdon smiled a* if relieved. " In the interests of science," he aaid, " I suppose I should wish , you success. But I believe that it will baOe you." He took his leave moat courteously. Tbe detective did not "trail" him this time. Instead, he assumed the disguise which be bad worn at Mr Langdon'a house, mid went to call upon the Gleaeona. He found Mia Gleaaon and Mr and Bin Herbert Gleaaon in the - drawingroom, to which a botler ushered him. To them be reported Mm Langdon'e condition as unchanged. "They refused to let me see my daughter," said lb* Gleaaon, who waa in team. " My son says that he will force them to do so." If you will be guided by my advice," aud Garter, "you will not insist." He then used such excellent arguments that all three agreed to allow the hospital physicians to have their way. Garter ooold not have accomplished this except by awmring them that tkey should be summoned when .it waa found'that Mtg yon think that-there is *any reason to anspect liingdbn of being the cause of thSr Nona whatever," "aaid Garter, promptly. Gleaaon looked in triumph toward hi* wife. "I IB glad' ahe confided her auspicious to you alone," eaid he. ** I can aee at a glance that you are a man of discretion." The truth is that my wife is possessed with this notion of man's jealousy. Ifs a regular monomania with bar. "I wouldn't mention suoh athing, of' course, if it were not that you have bean let so far into the family aecreta that ifs useless to try to keep you out. Tou most regard me as a monster of jealousy." "Idonot" "Then you do me no more than ju«- tioe. The trutbis, that about a year ago I objected to a young fellow's attentions to my wife. " There wasn't the least harm on either aide, of course. It waa manly foolishness, and that'a why I called a halt. Thia man, l"'exdaimed hia wife. Well, I didn't mean to mention hia name, but it's out now. He waa Arthur Lacing,and* very good tallow, too,, I idj^mtt^A^'lo you -think of vonr own-ocmduct at this moment T 1 ; "I th^" aaid Gleaaon, replying with aome.warmth to his wife'* protest, u that tbe doctor will treat ^ thia information «* tinato oopfjdfflitial. And 1 alao think ttAhe«Wjgbtto haveitt in order to nn-j dwftand your poaition in regard to Xnng- _ to duu^ge jrpnanmurder, ** you have done, «nd £kn dobig my beat to etop this afiair right here. I think Doctor Monroe understand* me." "I do, perfectly, and I think you have done the wisest thing possible." " I cannot agree with you," aaid the Senator's wife, angrily ; and die left the room. Gleaaon, who had remained calm throughout this interview, permitted his emotion to be seen after his wife had gone. "For Heaven's sake," be cried, excitedly, "don't act upon my wife's word to you this morning. I have simply been scared to death ever since I heard about it. "If you mix as op In auch a scandal, it will aimply ruin me. I'm under obligation* to Ltngdon that make it tremendously important for me to keep out of thi*. "I tell you again that my wife 1* aimply crazy upon thi* subject. Why, ahe never reads in the papers of a woman'a death, but ahe thinks at once that she waa murdered by a jealous husband." It looked very much as if Gleaaon was trying exceedingly hard to shield Langdon. Garter wondered how much of a figure these " obligations" out in the present affair. And he also wondered what Gleaeon would think if he knew of the discover of the letters. One thiug was evident—hia investigation would receive no aid from the Glessons unless the young woman could elude her husband, and inform him farther a* to the uaⅈ of her suspicions. He tried to satisfy Gleason'a fears. " Yon may trust in my discretion," he aaid; and took his leave. For nearly a week after thia, tbe course of aflaim must have been «|uite satisfactory to the Senator. Not a word about the affair readied the ear* of the public. Mm Langdon remained at the hospital, and nobody waa allowed to aee ber. Langdon confined himself to hi* house, except upon one occasion. That was on an evening when he again visited the offioe of Doctor Gordon. His hand had begun to pun him again. Acting under Carter's advice. Doctor Gordon used tbe knife (gain, but very sparingly. He drew blood, and that waa about all; but Langdon was relieved. Three days later, the detective sat in the doctor'a office. It was about four o'clock in the afternoon. Gordon was not there. A man, whom he remembered as a servant in Langdon'a house, came with a note. It was addressed to Doctor Gordon. The reader will remember that when Carter first took Langdon to the doctor's office, the detective played the part of Gordon, while the real Gordon repre- sented himself as a physician who happened to have called. This deception had been maintained throughout, on Langdon'* subsequent visit to the office. When, therefore, he saw the note addressed to Gordon, he knew that it waa meant for himself. He broke the seal and read— "You have done your besc for me, but a time has come when no man can save mc. However, I owe you a debt of gratitude, and I will pay it. Follow the bearer to my house, and you shall know the secret of my torture." Detective Garter obeyed that summons with an alacrity quite remarkable, even in BO active a man. He did not lose one second. When they had reached the bouse, the servant ushered him in with scant courtesy. In fact the man seemed overcome with fear. He had never ceased to tremble during the ride up town. " Something dreadful is happening in this house, eir," he said. " What it ia, I don't know; but Mr Langdon'a looks, sir, when he sent me for you, were enough to freeze the heart in a stone image, sir; they were indeed." " Where is he f' "In ber room, air." " Ton mean hi* wife's T' "Tea, air. And you are to go up alone, and rap three tunes. I daren't go near the door, air." •*It won't be necessary. "I wish to send you upon an errand.' The man took the note given him, and seemed glad of the chance to get away. But he had one question to ask. " Mrs Langdon, sir, is ahe ever coming back?" "Don't wait to ask questions. Take that note." . Garter ran np stairs, and rapped three times npon the door of (be apartment which lad been Mrs Inngdon's A hoarse and weak voice answered— " Who's there ?" " Doctor Gordon," waa the answer. "Thank God," came the voice, "you are not too late." The door was opened by what might well have seemed the ghost of Maurice lauigdon. The man's hair waa dishevelled; his face the color of ashes. He wore nn coat nor waistcoat, and his shirt was open at the throat—torn open evidently, for it bung in shreds. The right arm was bare, and the hand was without its bandage. That hand was covered with blood. A table stood near the window, beside tbe writing desk. Beside the table was a gigantic bond of ancient pottery—some wonderful relic of a forgotten civilisation, brought from the East. It waa covered with hieroglyphics; and as Garter approached it, he saw that it contained a peat quantify cf blood. On tbe table waa a small case of surgical instruments. One of them had recently been used. While he made these observations, {auigdtm eecured tbe door. . " It has oome to this," he eud, calmly miOugli, though there was an inaane light in his eyes. "There was no other core for my torture. Blood for blood I Menifni heavens 1 How long will my veins supply it"? How long before the last drop will Bow, and my pain be stilled foreverT' CHAPTER IV. THI UKFA1THPUX WIFE. Langdon sank into the chair which Stood before the great, ancient amphora. He held bis hand above it, but the chill of the air that had come in through the open door had checked the flow of blood. Instantly the man's face became distorted with agony. A basin of warm water stood npon the table. Langdon dipped a cloth in it, and drenched hia band and arm. The blood began to trickle down his igera. He smiled as he looked at it. "Now tiie pun oeaaes," he aud. " I can tell my story." " Let me check this flow of blood. You will weaken yourself too much." "No, nor " But, man, you are bleeding to dearth!" " I ; know it. - That is my last refuge. If you check it, I shall be convulsed with pain." I ahali not be able to apeak." Even at the rid: of loring thB atrange disclosure, which hB knew would follow, Garb& ooold not aee this man commit suicide without an effort to save him. He lojg forward. u£antly Langdon'a left hand prebdl.a pistol. He bad taken ft from U act was . ao unerpeoted and ao qbikiliy done jhat the great detective for onoe Wna taken, off his. guard. He waa oivered by that weapon, and to move was to tie. Be knew that he was dealing with a maiman. In suoh a case there is only one thing to do—to humor the delusion. " Very well," said he calmly ; and he drew up a chair and sat down. " Now you will listen," said langdon. " I will make the story brief." " I have been married less than half a year. The woman who gave me her hand was beautiful beyond description." " Was !" queried the listener. " Tee ; she is dead," •• When did ahe die T "This afternoon." " How did you leant of it ?" " I felt it here." And Langdon held his right hand tip for a moment. " Such a lore as I felt for her," he continued, "your heart—if Heaven has blessed you sufficiently—may recognise, but no words can tell it. " For months I fancied that she loved me equally. For months, I say; but who can measure that enchanted time when a day is as brief as a moment, and a moment as long as a year in paradise. 11 And then in one tremendous instant, I fell, as Lucifer from the battlements of heaven. " Approach '' the jdesk beside you. Touch that spring — " He laid a finger on it, and left a bloodstain. The cunningly wrought door swung on its hinges. "Remove the letters," he continued. " Read them. No 1 Do not read them. Let her shame be imagined." He menaced Carter with a pistol, as, in obedience to the man's commands, the detective bent his gaze upon the letters. "There is one line in these acctmed letters," Langdon continued, " which speaks of a lock of hair, a little golden curl above the pink tip of her ear. " I used to kiss that ringlet. Fiends of perdition I Would you believe that he had kissed it, too 1 " Well, let us not speak of it. Let us hurry on to what I did. " It waa not revenge. It was merely justice. " She was asleep. Wait I Did I say that I accused her f It is so. " Now, had she confessed, I would have spared her. I would have said ' Ton have been false to me, be true to him.' " But she was false to both of ua. She denied her guilt Of course I only hinted vaguely of my meaning A single word from me ; a word from her, and a well-feigned look of injured innocence in her great blue eyes. That was all. " So she lay asleep. There were tears in her eyes. You might hare Baid that she wept in repentance. I knew better. It was a trick. A woman can be false even in her dreams. "The little golden curl shone in the faint light. I bent over it " Langdon rose in a frenzy as he reached this point. " And I drove this into her brain 1" With his blood-stained hand he held up a steel instrument which had been pointed like a fine needle. It was then blunt, however, for the point had been broken off. " It made no wound at all," Langdon went on. " It broke short off and disappeared. " I knew just where to strike. I hare studied the human brain. I reached a nerve centre which is like the innermost door in the house of life. I surprised her guilty secret there, no doubt. I burst in upon it, and she died ! " There was one single drop of blood. How it happened I do not know, but as I turned her head upon the pillow, it fell upon me. " I saw it on the back of my hand, and wiped it o£ Then I examined the white akin under the golden carl. There was not a sign of blood. I had taken it all upon myBelf. "I listened for the beating of her heart. It was still. The work waa done. "Then what a cry I sent forth, throughout the house ' "The rest is commonplace. They ctme with doctors. Suspicion was directed to me. They took her body away, foolishly believing that they could restore her to life. You can understand all that. " But her blood ! There is the mystery. Her blood has poisoned me. " It has eaten my flesh, as her sin has consumed my heart. You know my torture ; you know my false hopes of a cure. "Mind you, I felt no remorse, only the pain, the torture of that drop of blood. I thought that I could cut out the poisoned flesh. "Fool that I was. It was my blood that burned. It was my blood that alone could help me. Her blood called for mine, and it will have all, the last drop." He paused, and in the silence that ensued, tbe slow dripping of blood echoed from the sides of the amphora that had perhaps held wine as red a thousand years before. " Yon say that ahe is dead," said the detective. " If I could restore her to life, would you foigive her T' " If ahe confessed, I would do so, readily. It is only her falsity that I would punish." " I will restore her." It must be remembered that Langdon was now clearly mad. And it was as a madman that he accepted the proposal as a natural offer. "Come," Carter continued, "let me bind up your hand. You must endure the pain for a while. Quick t the false woman is at the door." Indeed tbere was a knock as he spoke. Overpowering the maniac by his stronger will, the detective forced him to endure the bandage. Then, with a rapid hand, he flung a great embroidered cloth over the .table and the blood- stained amphora. Having done this, he pushed Langdon into a place of concealment behind aome curtains ; and in another moment he was at the door. No sooner had he unlocked it than he ran to the carved writing-desk, and took up the letters which he had laid there. At the sound of the closing door he turned tj the visitor, Mrs Gleason. " In accordance with my promise," he said, in a grave tone, " I now place in your hands these letters, which tell so Bhameful a story. My single condition is that you now acknowledge to me that they are youra." " I acknowledge it. In mercy's name, keep my secret." At these words a wild cry rang through the room. One of the curtains behind which Langdon was hiddei> was torn from its fastenings. It fluttered to the floor, and down upon it crashed the unfortunate body of Maurice Langdon. ' He recognised your voice, Mrs Gleaaon," said .Carter, calmly, " and it must havo been a great relief to him. He fancied that these letters were his wife's. •I understand very well how you happened to hide them in your sister-in-law's room. It wouldn't have been pleasant for your husband to find them He would have recognised Arthur Loring's writing. " But you ought to have remembered that you and Bim Langdon have the same given name. How was this poor man to tell that you were the particular Louise referred to I It is doubly unfortunate that you should both be blonde. 1 You remember the passage about the golden curl. need not quote it. "Ah, woman, you have done harm enough. I spare >uu to secure your secrecy. Keep my;secretaud I will keep yours; but Bin no more. " Listen : Mrs Langdon i: entirely recovered. I learned the nature of her trouble, and restored ^her to herself. 'She will be here soon. She must know nothing of thia story. " If this unhappy man can be brought back to health, he will be a loving ana faithful husband always. Whatever he has done is not his fault, fie was insane. " I believe that'there is hope for him, and I shall work to save him. " Now go. Burn those letters, and bo a better woman for this awful leBson." • * • • It remains tj be 'said that Langdon folly recovered hiB reason, but not his memory. To this day he knows nothing of the crime which he attempted to commit. Of course liis wife is ignorant of it, She believes that her Btrange illness resulted from natural causes. The Langdons are far away in India, and this story will never reach their eyes, or it would not have been written. Finally, if any physician who reads these lines is curious about tho strange wound inflicted on Mrs Langdon, the extraction of the slender pieco of Bteel from her head by Detect ire Carter, and the speedy recovery which followed, h» mey find the facts in the private records of the hospital. lie will also Gnd a similar case recorded in the proceedings of the New Jersey Medical Society about nine years ago. 