I.ITEBARY GOSSIP, The King of Sweden has bestowed on the Scandinavian authoress Clara Tsahudi tho modal for art and science, it being the first timo that a Scandinavian authoress has received this honour. Clara Tsohudi's works have alroady hoon trans- lator into Gorman. They aro mostly on historical subjects. Tho " Bookman " says :-An unpublished Stevenson is shortly to seo the light. Thoso -who havo seen it say it is a charming pioco of writing, ?with just that touch of humanity nbont it which gave the oxilo of Samoa so Btrong ii hold upon lovers of English literature Seeing tho relations of Stevenson with Mr. Honlsy, there is a fitness in the publication of this relio io tho now three- penny weekly journal, Iho " Outlook," in which Mr. Denley is taking a keen interest. Mr. Clemens himself would probably bo sur- prised to find his naroo figuring in a list of authors recommended to tho study of local preachers, yet this honour is conferred upon him by a correspon- dent of tho " Mothodist Times," who sand- wiches his " Now Pilgrim's Progress " between John Ashworth'» " Walks in Canaan " and the Lives of tho Mothodist Worthies. |Tho warning is given, however, that Mark Twain is to be ad- ministered only to tho reader who " understands the difference between American humour and lying." If he has this essential quality of the critic he will find beneath the extravagant drollery " tho mind of a 'cute, observant, and—yes_ reverent traveller in the Holy Land." Mr. Stephen Phillips, whose volume of " Poems " has been " crowned " by the " Academy," has " poetry in the blood." Be sides being distantly related to Wordsworth, Charles Lloyd, the intimate friend of Coaleridge and De Quincey, was an ancestor. Some of the earliest efforts of Mr. Phillips were published in the " Spectator," and to a volume of verse called " Primavera," published by Mr. Black- well, of Otford, he made considerable contribu tion. " Eremita " did not receive much notice, though Mr. Stopford Brooke remarked of it, ' " All tho space thrills and vibrates with emotion." " Christ in Hades," on tho other hand, won in stant recognition, and the late Mr. Hutton termed it " a wonderful dream, a dream which stirs the heart in every line." j Tho issuo of tho ohoap edition of " St. Abo ii and his Seven Wives " gives tho author, Mr. I Robert Buchanan, an opportunity for another dig i| at tho oritics. "St. Abo" was written in 1870, 8 "at s timo when all tho Cockney bastions of c criticism wore swarming with sharpshooters on tho J» lookout for the-Scotchman who had dared to ia dononnco log-rolling ; and was published anony jj roously. Simultaneously ' Tho Drama of Kings ' ¡jj appeared with tho author's name. * Tho Drama ' ifl was torn to shreds in overy nowtpaper ¡ tho í| Sátiro, becauso no ono suspected who had written !} it, was at once hailed as n masterpiece." One ¡j papor avowed in ono breath that Bobort Buchanan ,1 was utterly dovoid of dramatio power, while tho j author of "St. Abo" was a man of dramatic s genius. ¡!j The Orango Free Stato Government, a " Daily |!j Mail " telegram assorts, has protostod against ff tho seizure by tho Capo Customs authorities of a Í largo consignment of Miss Olivo Schreinor's book, I " Trooper Peter Halkett," which was on its way if to the Freo Stato. The Cape Government has f| replied that the booka seized wore n Hollander ' 1 pirated edition of Messrs. Fisher Vu win's publica ¡4 tion, and that tho Capo acted only in uccordanoo J with the practioo of civilised nations in protecting R tho author's copyright. h Tho " Itevuo do Paris " brings out somo intcr || oeting letters from Viotor Hugo to his wifo, jj written in Brussels in Decombor, 1851, and tho i| following year. In one of tho early lottors he || urges Madame Hugo to bo economical, to oko out aj carefully tho money that ho loft hor. He had & with him enough to go on with for some months. Û His room cost lfr. a day, his breakfast-a cup of yu chocolate-50o., dinner 1.25c, fire 25o. With tho tit remaining lOfr. ho paid his laundress and gavo 3.1 tips. His son Charles had to live on tho 9amo M scalo. On January 17, 1852, ho wrote :-" To hj succeed in my work here I must live Uko a Stoic, T'l and in poverty. I say to everyono that I havo no JJ need of rooney. My wants aro few, and I can ifj wait. Thoso who want money must bo tho prey ¡jj of raoney-lenderB. They aro lost. Look at '.'j Dumas. I am in a garret wth no furniture but a li i tibio, two chairs, and a wretched bed. I hardly jí j feel my poverty. Offers of sorvicos crowd upon if'j mo. To- day a young man introduced himBelf in 'jj. a cafe. Ho was a painter, and wanted to paiut ij \ mo in my garet and givo me the pioturo. The iLj Burgomaster has boon to seo mo and askod what fjj ho could do for mo. " Just one thing." " What ||| is it ?" " Not to whitewash tho fagado of your W Hotel do Ville." " You don't moan to say so. |l| Is it not nicer to havo it whito than dirty ?" f'i " No, it's botter dirty." " Well, thoa, to please li you, there shall bo no whitewash." " Sinco you t| want to bo ugreeablo, darken the belfry. You f\ have made it look brand now."-Other lottors in- di dioato his anxiety lest ho should do Bomothing jj which might givo Napoleon an exouse for taking || actiou against his son, then in France. ' ,i Tho Glasgow Pen and Pencil Club has arranged '[ for the insertion of memorial tablets in the walls 'j of buildings formerly occupied by eminent men, '"¿ or, in coses whero the original houses havo dis |]> appeared, in tho buildings which now occupy their ¡j' sites. In its first list tho club inoludca Thomas { do Quincey, Edward Irving, and Carlyle, Sir ?i John Moore, and William Motherwell. Sit John \' Moore will bo commemorated on tho wall uf a ¿I läge drapery warohouso. The room where Ed *l ward Irving ontertained Carlyle is now a factor's i' office The whirligig of timo has resorved its li most grotoscmo effect for Do Quincey. His t\ namo, on imperishable bronze, will be set upon, ¡' of all places in the world, an insurance offico, ijj and its namo, to emphasise tho inappropriatoncss, J' happons to bo tho " Prudential." lil " Tho Bookman " says;-"It is said that for j! the now book of travels by Mr. Eward Fit7 '' Gerald, which Messrs. Methuen are to publish, tho large Bum of £2000 has boen paid. It will be K ona of the most magnificent travel books ovor l published in England." I j! Nearly all the people who can write anything J; (says tho " Pall Mall Gazette "), and a great .K1 mti»y people who cannot, have written at least J one novel. But it is a likely guesB that tho ,' largest class of MSS. confined in that gloomy ¡1) limbo of tho Groat Unpublished is made up of jj blank-verso tragedies. A blank-verso drama is JI tho skeleton in cupboards without number. "j Sometimes, indeed, it escapes from tho Unpub )') lished and leads a palo and ghostly oxistenco j1 among tho next circlo of the litorary Inferno, the J Unread. Many a prosperous author ia haunted J v obscurely by suoh a ghost. For instance, it is '¡j . believed that Mr. " Mnarten Maartens " did ;¡j under, his own name (M. Von P. Sohwurtz) ¡j bring a tragedy to tho light. What its name M was I know not ; but if I could got it I would ]i| positively read it, for Mr. MaartenB baa one of the I i ' finest intelligences now working in literature ii Another gentleman whoso knowu work suggests ipi no suoh aberration is Mr. Newbolt ; yet tho pre II accessor of " Admirals All " was tho blouk-vorso |j drama " Mordrod," whioh Mr. Fisher Unwin i,j published in 1395. It is odds that Mr. Newbolt ' thinks there aro scenes in it much better than ",'? " Drake's Drum." j " Who reads pootry " is the question whioh 3 they have just been discussing in the United I States. Poets, authors, editors, and others liavo S boen oonsulted, and " Current Literatura " sum Ill mariBcs the replies. Mr. S. S. M'Oluro declares ?jj that " good pootry is read everywhere I should li Uko nothing bettor than to publish half a dozeu j poems overy month in ' M'Clure'ß,' if I could got l| good, interesting poetry." Mr. MunBoy, editor t of *' Munsoy's Magazine," is of opinion thnt Í " the day of tho epio seems to bo over, but a good j lyric or ballad was nover moro popular." Dr. William Hays Ward, editor of the " Independ- ent. " says : " The subscribers of tho . Independ- ent ' want poetry, and indicato their appreciation by letters of approval." Mr. Charles A. Dana's j reply was brief and to tho point : " Tho interest in poetry is as groat as it over was.'1 | In Salt Lako City it is proposed to start a Fenimoro Cooper Club. Several Englishmen who havo compared notes, own to having boon in- duced by the perusal of the stirring stories of j Fenimoro Cooper, to run away from homo, oross i the Atlantio, and entor tho States, with tho object of making a battue of lied Indians on the prairies, nil confess to having been disappointed in tho mission ; not ono has found tho remotest I excuso for potting a redskin. These erst advon ' turous lads aro now minors, waiters, motor men, clerks, and journalists. No person is eligiólo 1 for admission to tho club uuless ho takos oath that ho was induced to embari on a fancied ndvontur ous career by reading the works of Cooper. 