Sir Henry Cuthlicrt Inst night asked tlio Legislative Council to retrace its steps and replace 011 the notice paper tlio Wages At tachment Bill, which it rejected, a Few weeks ago. This is a measure which came before -the Council with the almost unani mous endorsement of the Assembly. Both sides of the House declared for it. But this fact appoared'to he a reason -why it should reccivo nil tlio mora contumely at the hnnds of the Council, wlioro more wago earners are. beneath serious notice, Accord ingly, on the 4th of October, tlio Bill wns tossed aside to keep company with the .Woman's Suffrage Bill in tho waste paper basket. Members confessed last night that in giving their vole against the Bill tlioy did not know what tlioy were doing; nnd for once tho House seemed in a repentant mood. The Bill came up in tlio lirst in stance as one which wns supposed to be in the interests of the workmuii. Tluit was cnougii to ensure its condemnation. Since then mcmbot's linve learned that many employers nnd storekeepers nro as anxious to sec it passed as anybody else, The House therefore undid its previous precipitate action gmd reinstated tlio Bill. 'Die incident is quite characteristic of a Chamber whose prejudices have always been its guides, Jt is a very lamentable fnct that this House which lias earned for itself tho sob riquet of "Tlie Chamber of Obstruction" lias navcr In its forty yours of life been actuated by n more obstructive spirit than by that which now animates it. Jts recent defiances of popular demands have amount ed to a declaration that the wishes of tlio country, oven when well and properly uscortainod, have 110 title to respect. Mr, Sheldon Aiuos, in his "Fifty Years of His- "tory of tlie British Constitution," says that shortly after the revision of the Vic torian constitution in 1857, "serious difi'or- "cncGs began to manifest themselves be- "tweon the spirit, temper uud principles "of the Council, which represented what "may he called the moneyed aristocracy of "tlio colony, and tho Assembly, which re- "presented everybody olse." TheLogislative Council is essentially tho same body to-day us it was then, and represents tho same limited sectional interests as distinct from tlio interests of the people at large. Twenty yours ago Sir Graham Berry drew up and signed an indictment ngainst tlio Legislative Council in tlie name of tlie popular Chamber. He said: — During twenty-four years of legislative activity the Council lias .thrown out more than eight Dills, lias, amended more thnu twenty others, no that the Assembly pre ferred to let them drop, and hns entirely transformed others which the Assembly has agreed to take in tlielr mutilated form. It maintained State aid To religion during fifteen yeaj's.i in opposition to the expressed will of the country. It has thrown out, or mutilated till they were useless, six Bills for Alining 011 Private Property. It hns seven times thrown out Bills for the Pnyment of Members. It has thrown out an Kleetornl Bill nnd a Tariff Hill tlint have been passed by large majorities. Besides the four Appro priation Bills, It has rejected one Temporary Supply Bill. It hns thrown out a Bill to pro vide for the defence of the country nt a time when Invasion seemed Imminent. A Bill for an International Exhibition In Melbourne wns contemptuously thrown out oil tlie plea that a protectionist colony had nothing to exhibit. . . . Every Act that deals with the public domain will be found to contain a clause favorable to the capitalistic cIiibs, which has been consented to by tlie Assem bly on the ground that the Hill would other wise he rejected by the Council. That was a terrible indictment, because it proved that every net of the eluss House was nn act in favor of class interests us contrasted with the interests of the people at large. It was this consideration prob"- ubly which induced the historian, while quoting the document as nn expartc state ment, to remark that its hare recital of facts was not such as hail ever been con tradicted; and to add — The fact that the Council distinctly repre sents property, and the property of only a few, affords it a distinct and special claim' to resist apprehended invasions of properly Tights with n resoluteness for which no suit able analogy etui be found In the circum stances uud temper of tho House of Lords. .... It Is hopeless to expect the rich few can Anally control the ninny, who are lioth rich and poor. AVIth whatever cataclysms or shocks the artificial obstacles to tbe ascendency of the will, of the numeri cal majority uiny he overthrown, -overthrown they must be, us At. do ToeqiievlIIe long ago explained In a 'parallel case of tho progress of democracy 'in the United States of Ame rica. The true and Inst lesson of democracy Is. that a man's life, eonslstetb not In tho abundance of the things that he pas- sessotli. Another instance of very determined re sistance to tlie well-ascertained .wishes of tho country is found in tho Council's treat ment of tlie Bill to Abolish J'lurnl Voting. Three several times luyvc the people at a general election directly called for the passage of tliis measure, and for more than twenty years they lmvo loss formally demanded it. Yet tho Council has again postponed it for tho last three months with tho palpable design of killing it if possible by a shuffle. The Bill was sent up to tho Council from the As sembly on 0th August. A call of the House was made a month later, on 13th Septem ber, to consider it. However, it tvus not considered, of course. It was postponed front week to week on the plea that tho House wanted a return of the colony's ratepayers in order to estimate the elfcet qf giving a dual vote to ratepayers. 'This was 'at length abandoned, and Sir Henry Wrixon came to the fore with a 'proposal to tack on Hare's proportional, voting scheme to the Bill. Here was an admirable excuse for several more weeks' adjournment, and when the measure was called on last even ing, it was shelved again- for another week. " As a matter of fact there is not tlie ghost qf it chance that Hare's system, muti lated to apply to a single patch of the colony, will ever he acceptable to Victoria, The Council knows this, just as it know the dual yote in any shape would be rejee. ted. . Proportional reproBcntatiou as ; a principle stands discredited In all the latest ond best text boijks. Bogehot con demns it' because it tends to sap tlio iudo- pendonoo of Parliament, by. crcnting a House whoso members are pledged to plane special tipk'ets before all else, and because if would thus destroy party government and largo national politics, Other critics find in it a tendency which is the very opposite of the trend of modern- politics,' Sir William Anson, ill a chapter of "The Iteign of Victoria," enforces this doctrine that modern Parliaments must; gradually becomo assemblages of delegates With special mandates from '.tlio people. He. snys: — "The House of Commons is "yearly becoming more and mora tho '"mouthpiece of forces outside — a body of "delegates rather than of representatives,'' 4 Few thinkers of the present day, having duly noted tlio forces which make for the outside discussion and ripening of public opinion, can -fail to see that Parliaments are nowadays elected to enact policies determined upon in the constituencies, and not to be independent of all pledges, as Mncnnlny claimed to be, and found himself rejected in consequence. Professor Brown, of Tasninnia, says that neither experience .nor argument' has condemned Hare's system, while lie admits that for thirty-five years it lias been before the world and found 110 country willing to try-it; He is in error in saying that argument has not condemned it. It has been ably dcfcndctjby closet philosophers; but pulverised by tlie criticism of tlio forcinoHt statesmen of its day. Amos, in tlio work nlroady quoted, lias weighed its merits and demerits,' anil his judgment is ngaiiiHt it, because, lie says, if the House of Commuus were to ho made a perfect redox of opinions outside, the cruder discussions now enrriod on outside the House, as forqiutivcs of public opinion, would he conducted inside tlie House, which, feeling Unit it lind no man- dnle, hut wns perfectly free, woi|ld assert its independence "at the expense of tlio "constituencies," 11c foresees.a still -greater danger in the scope it would afford to combinations of hobby-ridden people, whq might combino to the blocking of legisla tion; — "These associations' may ho of the "worst and narrowest sort, clioscn, it "chosen at nil, by a mere plausible show "of popular selection, and dominated by in fluences of the most perniciousandintole- "rant sort, whether nristooratio, pluto- "crntic or demagogic in tlie most objection- "ablc sense," No one can avoid seeing that this is the result of minority representa tion, and the text writer is on firm ground in stnting that "a sound nnd popular form "of government presupposes' that Govern- "mciit shall in its main acts and policy, "not only follow a uniform and decided "course, lint Unit that course shall cont- "mend itself to nt lenst a considerable por- "tioii of tho population ; and if two or "more decided and uniform courses present "themselves, tho only mode of choosing be- "tweon tliein is that of ascertaining which "is neceptable to the greater number of "people," Tlio literature against propor tional representation is voluminous; and the adverse criticism which has condemned it lias never been answered, as indeed it appears to bo quite unanswerable. A philosopher who is often quoted to support Conservative prejudices has re marked upon the growth of that kind nf vicarious generosity which represents A' to feel so much indebted to B. that ho is prepared to vote money out of O.'b pooket for B.'s advantage. A11 example of this clicnp liberality is nlfordcd by a recent in- vitntion to Sir George Turner to increase his own official salary. From the quarter whence this proposal comes tlie Premier has not been accustomed to justice, much less to generosity, in tho past, and in the circumstances it may be suspected that it is not so much for his benefit as for that of his possible successor that it is sought to rniso tho emoluments of his office. Jn vain is the not of tho fowler spread in the sight of any bird. When tho Government look control, with tlie maiij object of squaring the national finances, the se!f- denying ordinance its members imposed 011 themselves was universally approved, for it was felt that men who commenced by re ducing their own. salaries would he in an impregnable position. for enforcing tlio all- round retrenchment" that was absolutely necessary. The work lias been done, and. tho country, feeling its effects, is grateful to those wlio achieved the distasteful taik from which loss straightforward politicians shrunk. But Sir George Turner would put a powerful argument into the mouth of every individual amongst the thousands who nrc always on tho alert to raid the Treasury, if lie acted on the insidious sug gestion that wo should revert to the old scale of expenditure, commencing with his own salary. The single statement that does duty for argument in favor of this proposition is that tlio payment of so paltry a sum as £1400 a year to its Pre mier stamps Victoria as a second or third rate colony, It is characteristic of Con servative economy to urge, that we should buy our labor 111 the cheapest market in every rank except the highest, and for that should pay a fancy price in tho hope of figuring before our neighbors us being pros perous when wo should bo merely extrava gant. There is not a single authority who would bo deceived by so childish a device, and Victoria's many keen critics, whoso reluctant admiration lias been extorted by our recent financial fortitude, would pounce upon it as a sign that wehadlearnt nothing after all from our misfortunes. At this moment, moreover, the prbx>psai is simply irrational, for tve all hopo to see iii a very short time, a great national union, -which will enormously. reduce the labors and responsibility of the State Go vernments. As wo have pointed out before, tho Government of federated Australia will relievo tho provincial Parliaments of most of their cares, for it will take over trade, customs, excise, navigation, as tronomy, quarantine, census, currency, in surance, bankruptcy, aliens, parental rights, immigration, Pacific questions;- rail ways, loans, postal matters, defence, harbors and coasts, meteorology, fisheries, statistics, banking, weights and measures patents, -inarringo, criminal -law, treaties, rivers and debts. It is obvious tlint. what remains for our local Premiers to deal with will not entail exhausting application, and that the departments for which Ministers will be required jiiust he fewer in number and. 011 a municipal rather than a national scale. A suggestion to iwveq«e the salary of tlie Premier, therefore, at this time, either has an ulterior motive or it implies a belief that tins Com monwealth of Australia / will- not come into existence for some ' years! Most people will adopt the foroior explana tion,' ; 