THE NOVELIST, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. ;w Her Escapades, Adventures, and Bitter Sorrows. BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "A Daughter of Heth." "A Princess of Thule," "Madcap Violet," "In Far Lochaber." "White Heather," "Stand Fast, Cralg-Royston," "Highland Cousins," etc., etc. " (Copyright.) CHAPTER II.-(Continued.) "Par you must see the big house. Lad," he said; "and we'll put up the hortsa at Bridge, of KinvaJg; and maybe we'll find some old body who remembers the tall, teacher. And then I would like to go down to the Garva, and sit on the. banks for a while. Indeed, that is what hos made me drive out on a Sunday-at the risk of offending some of the stricter folk; but I wanted to hear once more the Sabbath silence of Glengarva.., It's the strang est thing. I've never heard it anywhere else; but I remember it well as a boy-the Sabbath morning stillness that you could sit and listen to just as if all ithe world was whispering to itself. I wonder, if I shall, be able to hear it now. Perhaps it's only in youth you can hear it, when you are wandering about alone, and thinking of many things. But I should like to try--(now. that I. am in Glengarva once moreland on a still-'Sabbath morning. 'I'm thinking, Sotnerled, we'll take a'bit of a stroll down the strath when once we^jre left the landau at the inn; I suppose the quiet corners by the river side are just the same as ever they were." And so they drove on along the wdnding vailley, until, from the lofty road they were following, they came to overlook afenoderately-sized mansion and its " He dashed the glass on the ground, and came striding forward." (See tale entitled "Wild-Eelin," on this page.) dependencies, set in a level space some way back from the stream. But though. Somerled Macdonald guessed readily enougih that this was Kdnvaig House, he did nat speak, his whole attention was absorbed by a motley group af people who were lounging in various attitudes around the table out on the lawn, while the array of champagne bottles on the white cloth looked incomprehensible enough at th is, early hour. Moreover, he could see .that one of those per-, eons was twanging away at a. banjo; and -presently there came the echo-so faint as to be almost in audible-of a raucous chorus. And then-as he stared da amazement- behold! bhese half-recumbant fig ures sprang to their feet; there were scurryings this way and that.; and finally the whole gang broke into a witches' dance of capering and kicking; with fly ing toes and tossing skirts,-while now and again, even at this distance, the hushed air brought the sound of a brainlees yelp or scream. Now young Macdonald had tumbled about the world a good deal; he was tolerant of the manners and customs of other peo-" pie; but the question was how to get the old man past without his becoming aware . of what . would doubtless appear to him an absolute horror of dese cration. The Sabbath silence of Glengarra?-a Car magnole instead! And ill-luck would have it, old Allen Macdonald's remembrance of his native strath proved to be andy too accurate. "Surely, Lad, we should be about oppcoite Kin vaig House now?" "Just down below us, father-out there in tho open." Then the old man would have the carriage stopped, and would have the houss minutely described to him | -the little equar? old building and its ivy, t*:e j modern wings with their bay windows, the back ground of shrubbery, and eo forth. "I euppcea there's no ene about?" j "Not a eouil," his son answered, despsrvtely. j "A singular thing now," the old man continued, | "I fancied a moment or two ago I heard a s:und ot einging-distant einging-" I "Oh, that is quite a common delusion, when there's a wide space around you," Somerled re- ' joined instantly. *sI've often seemed to hear that ! at sea. The fact is. the ear is quite as imagina- I Uveras the eye. It plays tricksl It hears imag- j nary music, just as the eye sees imaginary ghosts. "Strange-strange," the old man said-and Le was evidently listening with the concentration peculiar to the blind, "I could almost swear that .ven, now there ls some kind ot measured tap ping-Uko some musical instrument-" .'"Father," Bald the young man. affecting: to laugh the matter away, "your ear is too fanciful; you'll hear the grass growing next-or Knight Rowland' blowing his magic horn. Go ahead, driver!" And for the moment that danger was escaped. But worse was in store. For as they descended, from those lofty heights to Bridge of Kinvaig, and crossed the river, the solitary little inn came in view; and here also there was an unwonted tumult. Two men., bareheaded and in shirt sleeves, were out in the middle, of the road, play ing pitchi-and-toss with half-crowns; a third sate cross-legged on the gravel; a fourth lay at full length on the long box used for loading fishing rods; and all of them'were bawling bets at each other, and cursing each other with a cheerful lack Off discrimination. Through these worthies a 0 general family resemblance ran-short stature, , heavy shoulders, hairless face, bullet head, and more or less broken 'nose; and if they were too bulbous to be pugilists in proper training, pugi lists of some kind they undoubtedly were-pugi lists carousing, in fact, for there was .a plentitude of tumblers about, and some half-empty cham pagne bottles stood ranged along the window sill of the inn. Of course, as the landau drove .up, the curiosity of this sorry crew overcame the prevailing clamor; and'in' the" temporary truca Somerled Macdonald hurried his father into the Small hostelry-hoping that he had heard noth ing. " '. Fortunately the' two. travellers were able to secure a tiny back parlor to themselves; and when the younger, man had rung the hell arid asked the servant-lass to get ready what luncheon was-procurable, he thought he would saunter out by himself to see what manner of persons these were who had invaded this remote Highland glen. They themselves were not likely to inform him, for as he paused on the threshhold he discovered that a savage quarrel had by this time broken out, over the betting, so that the air was thick with oaths and asseverations and crimson adjectives. In-« deed, they took nb notice of him : and so he strolled on, towards the river; he perceived that a man his" I father and he had passed on the way was now coming down to the bridge-a. decent looking elderly man with whom.hë planned to have a'few words. ,.., "I beg your pardon, but may I ask if you belong to these parts?" he said to the newcomer. "I did, sir, until this morning," replied old Angus, the fisherman. "I have been living in this.: strath ever since I was a boy, but I am sent away now." "How is that?',' This younger Macdonald, had a curiously direct way of speech, and straightforward eyes; he had the air of one accustomed to govern men. The story was briefly told. "Her ladyship was asking me to stay," old Angus added, honestly.. "But I am not wishing to make any quarrel." "And what are you going to do now?" was tho next abrupt question. "I'm going out weet to Ben Vora," said the old gillie, in a quiet, resigned way. "My daughter is in service there, at the lodge. And she's a good. lase; she will put up with me for a while, until I get a new place. But maybe-maybe-I have been thinking-I will be too far on in years to eeek fon j a new place now." i "You need not. trouble yourself about that," said 1 Somerled Macdonald, in his curt ^fashion. "And you need not'trouble your daughter either. I will. got you a new place, or its equivalent-if you like to trust me." The cid man looked bewildered; he was not used to find goad fortune drop from the skies. "Would the gentleman te telling me fais name?" he said, timidly. "My name? Oh, that's nothing. I dare say you never heard of me. But you've heard of my father, DD doubt. He ought to be known in this district. You've heard of Mr. Allan Macdonald, of Cana : da-" ; "Him that was sending the fríe posses?" j "The same. Well,, he is my father. And he is .in the inn there. Come along and see him; I ; shouldn't wonder if you and he had many recol ! lections in common, of former days, and the old j people. Then we'll get a bit of something to eat; and you'll dr.ve back with us to Invergarva, and to» [ morrow you will go on with us to Invernisa.. I sup 4 pose there are several of the Kinvaig Macdonalds ta Invernish?" ' "Oh, yes, that, eir." "And you wouldn't mind living in a town? . If yon were tb get some^mploy^ent In Jnvernish you would feel yourself just as mücbVat lome ;"thërè" aa. \- here?". .í¿^V', .>rr- - * .:>? VPar more, fslr^-far more.' There's no home here lor me now," answered old>rAngus^ v:í \ : . . ' "Then set your- mind at -rest,'" said the younger man, in a kind of authoritative ; way-but perhaps -his"' bluhtn'ees¡ "wa« due .tö^'bVsinesra ways, arid a . long-acquired habit of saving,,eVery..^mánúte of time., "I'll get some place for you in Inverish, with not too heavy work; and if you still crave for the river Bide, you cen ha-ve a .run at the Nish, on the free days, you know. So come along, and see my father. But flret of all, tell me, who are these men in the roadway there?" "They're the prize-fighters, sir, that his lordship . keeps at the Inn," waa the reply, uttered in a low voice, so that no one should overhear. "And in the evening they go down to the big house, to amuse the gentry." "God help us all," said Somerled, half to him self, "I wonder how I am going to get my father out of that infernal den, without his suspecting anything? And thia is what has come to Glen garra, and bo the old home of the Macdonalds of Kinvaig!" They- got through the brawling gang without molestation, and entered the little back parlor; and greatly delighted waa oki Allan Macdonald to find a fellow-clansman who could remember the email thatched cottage in which the..tall teacher ..had taught his", elementary, clase, five-and-forty years heforij. - There were. ¿il. sorts of reminiscences .and "eager questions, and "willing answers; but ever and anon the home-comer from Canada would bring the talk back to the .Bean-an-Tighearn and Mies Eelin, the mother and daughter who in a way represented" the sentimental chieftainship of the Kinvaig Mác \- donalds: Were they approachable ladies?" They . would "not " take it' ill if -two ''strangsre-^-claiming to be ."of the clan-and hailing from a far country ?wished to call on- them and pay their respects to them? Or perhaps they would rather not be re minded of the proud position once held by their family? They might resent intrusion? Well, these were rather recondite questions for the old water bailiff, who, besides, with all a Highlander's cau tion, was anxious not to commit himself and give offence; but on one point old Angus was explicit enough. "There is not in all the Highlands," he said, "two teddies that are as kind as them: I am sure of lt. There le nothing they will not try to do for the poor people aud the old people of -Glengarva; the sewing, and the knitting, and the sending of wool, and the buying of the stocking when they are made. And every one knows it is not bacause they are rich, for it is many a day since the estate passed away from the family ; but the Bean-an-Tighearn and Miss Eelin they will always be having a little help for anyone that is sick. And there is the parcels post nowadays-they have not to come aweh down from Invernish-" . "But I suppose they sometimes pay the old place a viBit?" "Is is Kinvaig?" said old Angus, in obvious surprise-perhaps even in a kind of hurt way. "The Bean-na-Tighearn and Miss Eelin would not be coming near the big house, now-" He stopped suddenly; and then he said in an evasive manner: "When they are driving out from Invergarva to put flowers on the graved .ftone, there is not- much time to get back to catch the evening steamer.- Am I hot think ing they are very well acquent with his lord ship." "And when ' you were sent adrift this morn ing-as my son tells me-had you no idea of turning to the Beau-an-Tighearn for assistance of one kind or another?" ; "While I have my two hands, left to me," said Angus, with quiet dignity, "it is not me that would be troubling the "Bean-na-Tighearn for anything; she has plenty of others to look af ter." At this point luncheon was brought in; and the servant-lass was bidden to set another place at table. But they could. not persuade the old fisherman to sit down with them; he said he would go into the kitchen and get a bite; and he would be waiting outside for the gentlemen, if they were" so kind as to think of taking hina with them to the town of Invernish. When he had gone, the tall teacher said, proudly "You see, Lad, I'm not quite forgotten in my native glen, even apart from the emigration business? And when we've finished luncheon, we'll just stroll down, to the river-side, and wander along for a while, to find out if ms memory serves. t> And if we were to get at far as Kinvaig House, I might chance to see his lordship: I'm sufe it was only a bit of tem per his dismissing the auld gillie that has been water-bailiff for so /many years." "Surely you're not going to beg that he should be taken back!" the son said, indignantly. "Oh, well, no-no. He'll be better with you, If you have undertaken to look after him; he'll discover hé has got Into safe hands. We'll merely take a stroll along the ^strath, as far as Kinvaig House-" But at this point Somerled Macdonald' brok« out in desperation. "Father, -you're not going anywhere near Kin vaig House; and I'll tell you why. I have bëer. concealing the truth, from you; and it's bette) you should know it. You did hear music at we come by-the strumming of a banjo at least; and there was a crowd of men and women on the lawn at Kinvaig, dancing and shrieking, anc kicking their heels in the air-most of then: drunk, I should say, from the number of bottles on the table. And this very inn is the headquar ters of a lot of prizefighters; and at this monienl they're out at the front, "bawling, blaspheming and drinking, and gambling; and they're main tained here by his lordship that they may amuse the ladies and gentlemen at the lodge. Pah the whole place reeks with abominations - i sink of Iniquity; and if you want to have th< Glengarva of your youth restored, why, you'l Just have to buy the strath from end to end and flood it down with carbolic acid, and clea; out this mangy riff-raff, and bring back a fev decent Highland folk, either from Invernish o from Ontario-" . "What's this you're saying, laddie? Ar ye out of your senses?" the older man erie in bewilderment. So there had to be a more minute and detalle description ; but the refrain was ever the same "Buy back the glen, father-and sweep out tha ?cum!" VNa,. na, lad,". said the other, more quletlj "That's à scheme that springs ouj¡ekly eifotigb to' young brain like yours, lt's nothing to you-yt) . the great pioneer-the great railroad king-to think of drafting a population here or there; but &uch; enterprises are not for me at my years-" "And who founded Kinvaig, in Ontario?", de .-manded his son.: ' *" <'? v ''That -was .a while ago-a while .ago,'' he an swered, absently. And then. Tie said: ."Well, So, merled, if this is the átate of affairs,in*ôlengarva,; ..we'd better quit. "Liet's go away back at once. ~Riug- and send wordVito have the horses put to." , .Soithey prepared to leave, bat they were, not to be allowed to depart, in peace, When they got -outside they found the landau-awaiting them, and Angus Macdonald on the box beside the driver; and they were about to cross the intervening few yards to enter the carriage,- when one of the bullet headed bystanders called out "You, there, Conky, give the bloomin' giant a drink!" The person called Conky, _who had possessed himself of a bottle and glass for his own private use,, at once Interposed between the blind man and the door of the landau. "Here y'are, sir!" and he thrust forward a half rllled glass. "No, thanks-no, thanks!" said Somerled Mac donald, impatient and frowning, as he tried to guide his father'into the carriage. But the crop-haired fool would not budge; so there was nothing for it but to push him aside gently but firmly to push him aside. And in an instant peace had become war. "Who are you a-shoving of, you -? You a gemman-you? I'll give you half a minute, to, take off your coat-half a minute, neither more nor leas, you ---." And with that he dashed the bottle and glass on to the gravel, and came strid ing forward, not.even allowing the thirty seconds of proffered truce. Now. here was the problem to be solved. Given A, ä perfectly pacific "person, ignorant of fisticuffs,. and B, a professional bruiser, bent on furious 'fight.: how. is A "to escape from the situation with any measure of safety? The-solution is simple,' if A have sufficient nerve. All he has-to do is suddenly, with his left hand, to snatch off his hat or cap', and bring it violently down on B's face-and the man is not of woman born who can avoid flinging up both arms to guard himself against such an amazing attack; at the same moment A drives his right fist, into whatever por tion of B's carcass is nearest him; and the next second B is prone on the roadway, a doubled-up and amorphous heap. It is not, perhaps, an altogether sportsmanlike manoeuvre; hut in cer tain circumstances it is distinctly legitimate; and it is undoubtedly effective. On this occasion what happened happened all in the twinkling of an eye; and the broken-nosed bully went swing ing into the gutter, where he lay with his elbows interclasped, ïiiee a monkey embracing a cocoanut. The strange thing was that his chums made no effort to take his part. Nay, they jeered and scoffed at him. "Served him right, the -! Why didn't he let the gemman alone? Come out o' there, Conky, or the horses'll be on the top o' you!" "Somerled," said old Allan Macdonald, as they drove away. "What was all that about?" "Oh! nothing, father, nothing!" was the reply. "I thought I heard a man go down with a crash." "Oh! well--," and here Somerled Macdonald did smile a little-"perhaps he's thinking now he " has got toothache!-but it isn't in the place where toothache is usually felt," 