TIE KT OF MU CHAPTER XXVI. A VAIN SEARCH. ' I am like an uneasy ghost to-night. The stillness of this place, its empty grandeur, its lifeless beauty, weighs on me like a pall.' Felix Lancoe was pacing along the lower liall of ' The Crest,' his headlowered, his eves dull. There are moods when we are our own his torians, and this power dominated him to nierht. He was thinkinr? of his nast. and thn memories which surged over him left his heart sick. He hated the solitude with which he had been so content for years. He had begun -to cliafe against it of late, but to-night he hated it more than ever before. The unused, beauti ful rooms which he passed during his walk, all given over to silence and darkness, irritated him and roused a spirit of sore defiance in him. He was alone — alone while others wero happy. Oh, to have this place filled with the magic of one presence, the beauty of a smile which had come to mean so much to him. His thoughts tormented him, and the ab solute stillness, unbroken save by his own foot fall and the occasional crackle from the hall fire, roused a quivering impatience in him ?which got beyond control. He rang the bell, and when the servant appeared, an order was given which surprised him. ' Light the upper halls — all the rooms,' he said, brusquely. ' The — the drawing-rooms, sir — ' ventured the man, trying to mask his amaze. 'I said all the rooms.' In a few moments the lights wore flashing 'from every window. ' Tho Crest' was ablaze, as if for the reception of many guests. What did it mean ? This was the question which disturbed the mind of one watcher in the darkness of the December night. Richard Farneleigh, crouched on tho roof of the -;»portico outside the study window, waited in trepidation. He could see the servant hurrying into the room with the taper, then out into the hall, and he could see all the other windows on that side of the houso become brilliant. ' If he expects guests at this hour, my plan must be put aside for to-night,' ho thought, in helpless rage. But he was soon to realize that no guests were coming to ' The Crest,' and when he caught sight of Felix Lancoe as he strode into the room -outside which he watched, he under stood that he was gazing upon a tormented soul ; that the mansion had been illuminated to cast out the unwelcome thoughts born of the darkness. Oh! that moment as the dishonored, almost forgotten heir to ' Farneleigh' crouched there and gazed through the shutters at the man he had determined to strike from his ' high position. ' Tho difference between us — the terrible, unjust difference!' he muttered, [as he shivered in the night. ' He so apparently irreproachable, so handsome still, so secure in V ease and wealth — and I — and I — prematurely old, hiding among the poor, supposed to be A iead and disgraced ! Oh, that to-night helps me on the first step of the road leading to my goal, where he will be in my place and I in his!' Lancoe continued pacing up and down like a restless spirit. What were' his thoughts P What did that look of passionate yearning mean which occasionally swept over his face ? Why did that give place so often to a stealthy look over his shoulder as if he felt that the air about him was peopled with accusers? ' His guilt is reawakened to-night,' thought Hichard Farneleigh, the sharpness of a lynx in his eyes. For a while longer Felix Laneoe continued Jiis restless pacing, then sank before the great . study table, his fingers interlaced, and shading his eyes. ' Before his eyes rose the vision of a woman he had loved once years 'ago when youth was his and life was at its fullest. He could seo her in her quaint gowns, a slender, black velvet ribbon around hor throat, holding a ruby ? Cross, a rose in the mass of chestnut curls half \- looped up agaiust her proud little head. ' Alice — Alice — ' cuine in a long, husky aigli from his lips. A shudder passed over him, and ho gavo a ; fearful glance over his shoulder, as if he fancied her ghost might stand besido him and whisper : 'Give me back my life.' With trembling fingers, he opened a little . drawer in the table and tho watcher outside saw him take from it an old fashioned ' carte ? de-visite.' liy moving cautiously, so that ho could peer over Lancoe's shoulder, Richard Farneleigh could seo that his eyes were fast ened on the photograph of his murdered wife. ? He could look upon it? Ho could gaze into those pictured eyes, realising that ho had struck tho light of life fron them ? The ruined man's fingers closed convulsively, as if they would fasten themselves around the throat of the man he watched. Still Felix Lancoe °gazed with paling face and half averted oyes upon the face of tho woman he had loved from boyhood; and a cry camo from his lips which faintly readied tho man outsido. ' The eyes seem to call for vengeance still, after all these years — after all tlieae years !' He put the picture back, and, plunging his hands into liis pockets, sat staring before him. He had been thinking of tho far-away tragic past. Now his thoughts overleaped tho years, aud tlio present rose before him. His oyes lingered on another vision, and, save for a .dill'erencc in the fashion of gowning, it was still the same face which looked at him — the same deep, violet eyes, the same ruddy arch mouth, the same turn of neck and poise of head, the same dusky hair over the white brow, the same lissome, young figure. His inward sight was bent upon Madge Farneleigh, and he confessed to himself there that he loved her as passionately, more deeply than he had loved her mother, whoso living likeness she was. Yes, ho loved her, he dared to love her — he with his unhappy past behind him, he, with all his disillusions and sins — he loved her. It was hor innocence and youth which attrac ted him, as the way-worn and thirsty traveller's eyes are fixed upon a spring of crystal water. His lovo was hopeless — it had been the curse of his life always to love hopelessly. This girl who, like the embodiment of spring, had flashed upon his gray existence and tempted him from his house of shadows, was to marry another. Ivan Trent — how in that moment this jaded man, looking back upon an illstared past, en vied him in his youth, his flowering hopes, the future of love before him at Madge Farneleir'h's side ! The thoughts became unbearable. He started up, turned and hastily left the room. Spellbound, forgetting alike the icy Decem ber air and the weary passing of time, Richard Farneleigh kept, his patient watch, feeling that at last he stood upon the threshold of the dis covery which was to bring him success. More than an hour passed before a servant entered, drew down the shade and tnrned out the light. Soon, all over the house the lights in the casements vanished. There was' the sharp closing of doors, a deepening silence, until at length ' The Crest' was quiet as a great tomb. Still Richard Farneleigh waited until it seemed that sleep must have come even to tho uneasy, tormented man he had gazed upon as a judge may look at a criminal. Far away a clock struck two. Rousing himself from a numbed, lethargic reverie, ho took from his pocket a fine, glisten ing instrument of the most delicate steel and inserted it between the ledge of the window, protecting the latch. For a few moments he worked unsuccessfully, but at length a wel come click told him the difficult task was accom plished. By almost imperceptible degrees he lifted the casing, raised the shade and stepped into the room. There was not a second to be lost. He must work with magical swiftness and as silently as a ghost. He sank on his knees before the carved chest, and began his attempt of prying the lock with the clock-mender's instrument he had brought. It was delicate, tedious work and more than o»ce he despaired of accomplishing it, while his eyes continually sought the door. ' Ah !' The sigh of relief was almost overpowering as he heard the sound which told him he had succeeded, and he caught the chest for support. Ho seemed scarcely to breathe as he clung there, the moisture of apprehension npon his chilled, spent face. Down the chimney came the voice of the wind, as if urging him to haste, and the sound thrilled him again to active life. He sprang up, and lit a candle standing on the study table. It was the work of a moment to lift tho great lid and take out the smaller box. id e opened it, but his gaze'did not linger on the gems it held. The tray was indifferently displaced, as he thought expectantly of forcing open tho bronze cabinet, and letting his eves linger in satisfaction upon the ruby cross, which was to be so fateful to its possessor. But ho stopped as if literally petrified. The bronze cabinet was not there. Surely he was dreaming. His watching in the icy night must have unhinged, maddened him, so that his gaze could not discover the real. He. lifted his head and looked again. The cabinet had been removed, and its secret treasure remained a secret still. CHAPTER XXVII. TO ' MADGE.' ' Crono— gone. He feai'ed — he suspected. Gone, gone, gone,' came in a whisner of defeat from his lips. 'Oh, my God'! My God ! Will you not help me ? Have you quite forsaken me ?' Richard Farneleigh's heart seemed to break in that terrible moment, and he flung himself against the side of the great chest, his face pillowed on his arm. For a while tho beautiful room, lit only by the candle, was absolutely silent save for the wailing of the wind in the trees whose branches brushed the glass. He rose at length, replaced the box, shut the lid and then stood quite still, a picture of lonely, disappointed rago. But the calm foil from him like a garment, and he trembled with a rage that was convulsive. Going to the study table, he snatched from the drawer tho picture of his dear wife, on which Felix Lancoe had dared to look. ? 'You have seen it for the last time,' he said, and thrusting it into his breast, with drew from the room, drawing down tlie shade and reclosing the window. It was after three o'clock when lie reached the little house in the village. He sat down on tho side of his bed, and, placing the old photograph before him, gazed at it with eyes of love and regret. 'My dear, my dear,' he whispered, his gaze lingering on every detail of the shadow less face, ' if I had been less stern with you, less violent, less masterful, had believed 'yW in spite of your girlish frivolity and evident joy in admiration, your unhappy fate would havo been averted.' His face sank between his trembling hands, and as he romained so a sob broke from him. ' It was my fault — mine. But for me, you would not have become wilful and defiant; but for me, Lancoe would never havo dared to think he might havo made us drift apart . It was my fault — Heaven thinks so, and will not let mo find the truth. I am not good enough to avenge you my dear — I am un worthy.' / When he looked up tho ravages of pain had made his face gray. He lifted the picture and revcrontly kissed it before replacing it in his bosom. 'Now for a lino to my poor ohild,' ho said, sadly. ' There is nothing happy to tell hor — nothing to lift tho cloud from her life.' Ho wrote hastily on a smooth sheet of paper : ' I have no news, my dearest. My heart is very sad. Oh, that you wero hero to-night !' As noiselessly as lie had entored his master's cottage, whero he lodged, he went out, made his way to ' Farneleigh' and placed tho folded note within tho pigeon- cote. It was dawn before ho seuglit his bed and tried to coerce a little slcop to his burning, tired oyes in vain, Wlioa tha houv came which called him to his work lie was still staring at the vacant wall, thinking of his defeat. h°, Breakfast hour at ' Mary field' was' always early, but Ivan came down to-day even before tho usual time. He was in his riding clothes, a restless activity in his walk and glance. ' After a visit to the stables, during which he had his favourite horse saddled, he ato a hurried breakfast and started for 'Farneleigh.' Hu had been there frequently since the twi light when Marcia Baldwin had given him the note to read whose words still haunted him. He had tried to put tho memory of it out pf his mind, and had been silent regard ing it when with her. Had he not said he would believe? Had he not settled it in his heart that Madge could not deceive him ? that to let even the shadow of a doubt brush his thought of her only proved himself un worthy of her lovo ? Yes, he had said all this, but doubt once faced is like the serpent's head among flowers, and will lift itself at the most unexpected and unreasonable times. Ivan had not slept well during the previous night, and in tho still, small hours all that he had not been able to understand in Mado-e's demeanour and actions returned with increased strength to torture him. He felt that he must see her this morning to forget the turbulent doubts, and rid his soul of the fretful little imp which seemed to possess it. Ho wanted to see her innocent face with the sunshine's glory in it, her eyes as true and blue as the cloudless sky under which they would ride and ride for miles, out stripping doubts and every thought that was not loyal and sweet. These wero Ivan's musings as he urged his horse on to ' Farneleigh' m the freshness of the morning. As ho reached tho gates, his eyes thoughtlessly fell npon the pigeon-cote near by. At once, like an evil whisper, came the memory of Marcia's words : ' Tho letter you have just read was found by me in an unused dove-cote outside the gates of ' Farneleigh.' ' There was the dove- cote. Obeying an in stinct stronger than he could resist, he leaped down and moved toward it. Marcia had lied —he knew it. Why did he stand there, his heart beating fast ? The dove-cote could hold nothing to interest him. And yet, he did gaze at it as if fascinated ; went nearer, as if moving in a dream. If it had held a message once it might again. He told himself he did not believe, and yet he went close up to it, thrust in his fingers and drew out a folded note. ' Madge' was scrawled upon its face. CHAPTER XXVIII. A QUESTION. He held in his hand a letter actually taken from the dove-cote, Madge's name written upon it. Ivan looked at it stupidly. The horrible thing was true, then? Marcia Baldwin had not lied. He turned like one in a dream and remounted his horse. ' This is the end. I shall be kept in ignor ance no longer. I will tell her of the former letter and show her this one,' ho muttered, his heart sick and bitter. 'It is my right to know. There shall be no further mystery or deceit between us. She must confess to-dav.' Old J oshua, who admitted him, was shocked at the look on his face. ' As ef he ware daid,' he thought. ' I won't disturb Miss Abby,' Ivan managed to say ; ' If Miss Farneleigh is in, say I would like to see her.' 'Eben do voice ain't his'n !' Joshua in wardly commented, as he went away nodding his head. A few moments later Hannah knocked at the morning-room, where Ivan waited. ' Miss Madge went ont a little while ago, but she said she would be only a few minntes. She just ran into the park for a little air, sir, I fancy. You will wait ?' Ivan nodded, and resumed his restless walk from the window to the door. ' Gone into the park,' he murmured, in wardly ; ' gone to the dove-cote for her prize.' The thought made him almost frantic. His world seemed topsy- turvy. The sun had gone out for him. He awaited Madge's coming in coldness and darkness. Up and down the room he paced not con scious of individual thoughts, and with no par ticular purpose in his mind regarding the coming interview with Madge. He was a ware that he felt no hope, that ho expected no explanation — indeed, it seemed an absolute conclusion that no solution except an unworthy one could be forthcoming. The feelings which swayed him were cold and inevitable despair, a sense of shock, a proud anger, at having boon callously cheated, and with it all, struggle against it as he might, a great, underlying sorrow. It was bitter to think that tho days that had been would be no more, but doubly bitter the thought that the girl he loved so- singly had really never existed, save in his own dreams. ' It is over !' he thought, dully. ' I shall see her, listen to what she has to say, but T feel that nothing can reinstate her. It is over— over!' Meanwhile Madgo, having gone for tho letter by another path than tho one Ivan had taken, walked slowly back to the house. Her heart was heavy, her brain was giddy from lack of sleep in her anxiety over her father. Now that the hoped-for letter was not in its accustomed place, sho feared the worst, and was trembling with terror for his safety. Tho horror of the preceding night was still with her. She had lain widc-oyed through the interminable hours, living through the perils her father had braved in entering ' The Crest.' In fancy she had seen him crawling along the roof of the portico, a bowed hunted shape that started at every sound ; had seen his worn, determined face and burning oyes, and all her keenest pity had been given him. ? ; 'But now that ho had not written to her. a new- brood of thought like spectres arose to affright her. Perhaps his silence meant that he had been captured himself, trapped by the man ho had set out to unmask. 'If you were taken — taken as a common thief! Oh, father, how could 1 boar that?' slio kept repeating, piteously. If this had happened all hope for him was lost. If he did not reveal his identity, he would bo looked upon as au ordinary burglar and treated as such. Even if he proclaimed himself Richard Farneleigh, that would not save him. Tho shadow over his name all these years would only act against him, and as he had known of Lancoe's collection, tho law would prove that ho had returned to his old homo, disguised, simply to enrich himself at tho cost of tho man he had liatcd so ia tho past. Ivan drew back from tho window as Mad^e ' approached the house, but she did not enter through the door. She turned tho corner of the terrace, and ran up the steps to her boudoir. Aa sho passed close to the window, he saw there was a look on her face that told of a heart ill at ease. She is tortured by her deceit at any rate,' he thought, grimly. 'She has conscience enough at least to be ashamed of the part she is playing. Well, the farce will soon be over, and she free to receive innumerable letters from her lover, without being made wretched by the thought of me.' If my father has been arrested Til hear of it soon, was Madge's thought, as she flung off her cloak and sank into a chair, leaningher elbows on her knees. ' 111 news travels fast. 1 11 know soon — soon.' She started up guilty at a knock on the door, and Hannah entered to find her facing m' er°Ct' a S,KU1BC look on her face.° Mr. Trent is downstairs, Miss. He's been waiting Eor you about ten. minutes ' VV1,1 s.ee him here,' said Madge, a sense of lehef bringing tho tears to her eyes. As Ivan went down the hall he met' Jasper Monkton. The secretary's dark, wistful gazo dwelt for an instant upon his changed face. Ivan nodded silently to him, and went up the stairs, a sense of finality accompanying him. The secretary looked after him speculatively until he disappeared from view. ' There's something very wrong with him ' he mused. ' ' ' Come, come, Jasper. Those Chinese missionary letters are waiting for us,' called Miss Abby, sharply, coming ont of the study suddenly, ' and I want to take a drive before luncheon. Monkton started slightly, murmured an apology and followed his mistress into the room. The door of Madge's boudoir stood open when Ivan reached it. Ho went into the room, purposely avoiding her eyes until he was sure they were alone with the door shut. When he looked at her she felt his ex pression of stern, heart-sick grief could mean but one thing. 'He knows. He has come to break the news to me that my father has been arrested.' As she stood looking at him helplessly, with something childish and appealiug in her fixed gaze, it was hard indeed to believe her anv thing but honest. Falsehood had never worn a more inviting mask. But while her beauty and evident distress touched him powerfullv it no longer convinced him. ' ' What is it ? Tell me— tell me the worst —at once,' she managed to falter. He went close to her. 'The worst?' he echoed, and his voice sounded strange. ' The worst ? Say rather the best, for it must be a relief to you to feel that after this morning you will be able to be sincere.' Madgo shook her head, her eyes dumbly questioning him. What could he mean ? A new uneasiness came to her, but she was rejoiced that he had not come with news of her father's capture. j She pondered dully over the meaning of his cutting words, and why he had not taken her in his arms and kissed her. ' I don't understand,' she managed to say at last. ' You must speak plainly, Ivan. What do you mean ?' ' About a week ago,' Ivan began, without any preliminaries, ' the day Lancoe was here to tea, I had a strange experience while re turning to c Maryfield.' Marcia Baldwin followed me into the woods as I was taking the short cut homo. She gave me a letter which she said she had found in the dove-cote outside the gates here. The letter was to you, and before I knew its nature, I had read it.' His eyes did not leave her face. He saw the expression of fear darken her eyes, and noted the nervous trembling of her lips, as she sat down slowly, almost like one aged, her hands clasping the sides of tho chair. As Ivan continued, his voice was void of feeling. It was like the sound of brass on brass. ' The letter was from a man, to you. There were words of endearment — he asked to see you. I have come for an explanation. I'have come to hear the truth from your own lips. Was the letter written to you ?' (To ba continued.) 