POINTS. Honour is said to be a . thing not unknown among thieves, and sometimes they show that they are not devoid of humour. , In Parramntta recently some supposed thieving tramps took a coaphmun's clothes while ho slept. In their pluce was lett a very . fine pumpkin. ' Tins coaohmitn is not prepared to argue that fair exuhungo is no robbery. Sydney's ohiof fruit insjrcctor is determined ' that' no Tasmanian' mussels or Queensland fruit flics will enter there. But ho and others are puzzled ' as ' to how bananas condemned iu Sydney have passed, muster in. Melbourne. Ho thinks someone must have been " touching them up a bit." Rouoh, That a case of .-apples sent-by. Viscount Gormanstou to t Lord Hainpdeu should bo "musselcd." Surely -they were- selected. . H. H; Champion, a . well 'known labour . leader, uow'inhei'its im estate worth £7,000 a yenr. The windfall ciuno through the death of an .officer- in the recent > engagement in the' Squdun. Will H . H, still champion labour Me. Frank M'Donnell, the juuiormemboi: for tho Vulloy, .thinks 1,0011 speeches ought to - have niade'n good Laud Bill: So it should, hut tho argument lost souio of its .convincing power wheu ho . said Mr: Battqrsby spoke 45 "timos und Mr. Hoolau I t. Mb. llioos says a long- winded ehuirmun is a uuisuuuo. lot ; lio never mtraduces ' a speaker in anything less than a quarter of an hohr. Up Ipswich rend way lust night some girls tried - a ghost ' trick on two or three young follows who, it scorns, wore not otherwise to bo brought to their knees. It seems that ; tho scepticism of the ago saved these young fellows from believing in fjbosts ; nor did they boliovo in u dovil robed in a alieot. . One of theso despnruto maiduns wus tlius attired, und in u very feminine voiue declared, that she wus " old niuk." Perhaps she meant no more tliun - that, she wished Her assailant might go to that oft. mentioned porsouugo. Girls, do not lie,; ghosts. It was like the good old times to see Mr. , John Storenson ' handling tho ribbons " of " tho foin-in-liand drag which boro Mr. und. Mrs. Mncdoiiuld-Pateison to their home. Already several names are mentioned us candidates for the Burnett. Among these is. that of a well known barrister. At the next general election there will bo quito a crop of young barristers among the candidates. War between America and Spain is now dcclured to bo inevitable. ; The United States Senate is now discuss ing tlio resolutions adopted by the Foreign Relations Committee, demanding the im mediate withdrawal of Spain from Cuba, and directing the President to use forco to ter minate the present situation. President M'Kinley believes that if the Senate would adopt the milder resolutions passed by the Houso of Representatives, he night yet intervene in Cuba by peaceable lncun's. This, however, appears to bo a case in which tbo wish is fatner to the thougbt. ' Zola's re-trial premises to bo a rather pro tracted affair. ; It is said thut 12S witnesses have been ; summoned to givo cvideuco. Zola states tbut ho is confident that lie will be nblo- to defeat- every effort to prevent tho reopeniug of tho Dreyfus case.- When shull wo' hear the last' of this ? More treason in Russia ! " . M. Peruvnoff, a privy councillor, and bis daughter, /liavejbceu exiled to Siberia for life, for selling military documents to agents of - tho Austrian Government. 1 Five othor porsoim holding official positions, . who wore ooncerned in tho same matter, have received lesser eontences. Wanted a'dootor for tho New Guinea Mis sion ! .' i Bishop Stone- Wioo ,, has recoived many . offers froni laymen. .and laywomcn to take up mission work in Ndw Guinea, but none so fur from medical men or clergy. How is that? 