A Life History. BY JENNY WREN. I CAN say without vanity, looking back over this long stretch of years, that I was not unjustly called the belle of our town. It was a quiet place during eight long months of the year, and I found it dull enough, and wondered why it was appointed that I must drag out my life within its limits, but the remaining four months saw it emerge as the butterfly from its chrysalis, and waken into such ful- ness of action that it almost compensated. It was during those periods that I learned my beauty entitled me to a wider sphere, or so I thought in my narrowness of judgment ; but when, at ball or reception, I saw men leave the richly-attired women whom they met the year round, to seek an introduction to me, sim- ply dressed and the daughter of a retired offi- cer, it was little wonder that a blush of conscious pride rose to my cheek, or my eye burned with a satisfied vanity. I write thus freely, for I scarce can realise it is of myself I pen the words. The face I now catch sight of in the mirror no longer bears the glow of youth, the lips have lost their crimson, and threads of gray intermingle with the black in the hair whose past luxuriance is forgotten. I was but eighteen when I met Vance Wil- mour. He was double my age, and when he bent over me with the wonderful grace of manner he so fully possessed, or let his eyes dwell on mine with an impassioned glance, my heart would throb as a voice within would say, "This is love." It seemed as though an em- peror had stooped from his throne to ask the peasant girl to share his high estate when he at last told me of his devotion and asked me to become his wife. My father shook his head when I, joyously exultant, asked him to receive my lover. "He is not the man to make my bright, uncaged bird happy," he answered. "Take care, Madge. No matter now brightly gilded the bars may be, the mountain songster will beat out bis life against them in the struggle to be free." But to all that he might say my ears were deaf. He could bring forward no real obstacle, however, and so I won at last reluctant con- sent, and six months from the day I met Vance Wilmour I became his wife. At last I was to see and mingle with the world. It was of this I thought, rather than the solemn vows I had just uttered, as side by side we had bade fare- well to the old home, and were journeying to the new. Still, all my heart was his, and had he cared to mould me he might have cast it in any form. I was not long in finding the emptiness of that I had so desired. The home to which my husband had brought me was perfect in its every appointment. The suite of rooms he had had prepared for me to my unaccustomed eye presented a vista of fairyland, and for a time I was happy. But then, as my father had predicted, my wings began to beat them- selves against the bars. I learned to recognise that underneath the velvet touch was the iron hold, that I must stand ever ready with a smile, faultlessly dressed, to receive him and those whom he summoned to admire his cap- tive. No weariness, no fatigue gave excuse. I learned then why he had married me. Wealth, station, all were his, but his pride demanded more. My beauty he knew would reflect credit upon his taste. I was too young, too ignorant to interfere with his pleasures or to assert my rights as a wife. So he reasoned, and his judgment served him well. For a year there was little to mar the scene, then my health failed. Excitement and con- stant gaiety did their work. Nature demanded rest, and even he was obliged to recognize the necessity. Than followed months in which I scarcely saw him, when he hardly found time to come to the couch on which I constantly lay to enquire if I were better or worse ; and when in my impatience I would greet him with words of reproach, or anger, he would silence me by some cutting words of scorn, which would leave their sting behind for days. I was utterly unable to cope with him, and when in the spring, three years from the date of our marriage he was induced to join a hunting excursion, I bade him good-bye with scarce a feeling of regret. Six weeks later I was one day summoned to the presence of a gentleman who told me with trembling voice and pallid lips that I was widowed. Their party, while hunting, had been attacked by a party of Indians, and Vance had fallen in the field, while they, to save their own lives, had been unable even to rescue his body. The shock proved more than I could bear, and for months they thought I would not live ; but as health and strength crept slowly back a wonderful softness had taken possession of my heart, and I mourned him with a tender pity, burying his faults in his far-off grave. As soon as I was able to bear the journey I closed my house and turned my face to the old home, with a great content nestling in my spirit, that the quiet I had once despised again was to be mine. My dear old father met me with open arms, and I felt when pressed to his breast as though I had gained a haven indeed after my long and stormy voyaging on the sea of life. Two peaceful years passed away, and my father's hair grew white and his form bent. I began to think of the time when I should be left alone in the world—alone and desolate. I had kissed him good-night one evening, as I passed out and wended my way to the little village church. Sad thoughts had brooded in my memory all day, and I thought thus to drive them away, and, entering the sacred spot whose altar I had stood before as a bride, I fell upon my knees and uttered a prayer for all that sinful, foolish past. An earnest, musical voice, and glancing up I saw that a stranger occupied the pulpit. I shall never forget the impression Edward Fearing made on me that night. I had lis- tened heretofore to sermons from a sense of duty ; but his every word fell straight upon my soul, and planted there a seed. It was as though he were ta[l]king to me, and I listened spellbound. He was not in the strict sense a handsome man, but when carried away by his eloquence his eyes would light up with a won- derful brightness, and his face almost grow radiant, he seemed possessed of a beauty scarcely earth-like. The noise of the people rising from their seats as his voice died away recalled me to the present, but it was with an effort I aroused myself. I reached home, feeling that while such living words could reach my ear life could not be barren. I entered my father's study, treading softly lest I should disturb the slumber into which he seemed to have fallen. Drawing near, I softly laid my hand on his. It was icy cold. I stooped to kiss his brow, but its marble white- ness revealed to me the awful truth. The desolation which had hovered o'er my spirit all day had been no idle precursor of ill. Death had entered my home and snatched from me the one being left me to love. An awful calm fell upon me. No tears came to relieve my burning lids—not even when I heard the dull thud which gave back to mother earth its own. It was then that Edward Fearing came to comfort me. It was long ere his words pene- trated the outer crust of rebellious discontent, but he probed his way so skilfully, so tender- ly, that ere I knew it the healing waters of comfort rushed in, and found their vent in out- ward tears. I do not know when I learned to love my teacher. Does one ever measure the hour, the moment, when love enters their lives ? I could by this passion which awakened within me the meaning of true love and false. No worldly glitter, no fickle allurements were here. The life we must lead together must be one devo- ted to the Master's service, but I felt nothing could be sacrifice I shared with him. I had told him all my past one afternoon ; he had just left me, and the echo of his words was still was ringing in my ear, when I heard a step in the hall, and a shadow darkened the door of the room in which I sat. I looked up, wondering if Edward had re- turned, with some forgotten word of fondness on his lips, when standing with pale face I saw what in that first agonized moment I believed my husband's ghost. I started with a wild cry, and would have fallen but that his arms caught and held me, and then I knew that it was no spirit, but flesh and blood that bound me. Oh, the agony of that awakening, the torture of the thought that slowly burned itself upon my brain, that my love for Edward now was sin, that I who had so lightly talked of sacri- fice shared with him must meet a greater sacrifice than any he had pictured, and meet it alone ! All this I endured while I lay seemingly in outward calm, and listened to my husband's story, how he had been left, as his friends supposed, dead upon the field ; but how the Indians, strangely moved to pity, bound up the wounds they themselves had caused, and held him for six months captive. Then, procuring his release, and learning I thought him dead, he determined to leave me in that belief, but his life grew purposeless, and he felt a vain yearning for home and wife. "Had I found you married, Madge,'' he end- ed, "I would have gone away and made no sign, but instead, you still wear the outward badge of widowhood, and though I little dreamed, my darling, that you should haye mourned my loss, may I not by that sign plead for pardon ? Will you not give me the hope of casting some sunshine on the life I had so cruelly darkened ?" When his voice ceased my fight had been fought and ended. This way my duty lay, and God gave me strength to plant therein my feet. I simply laid my hands in his for answer, and he stooped reverently, tenderly, and kissed them. That night Edward and I parted for ever: I sent for him and told him all, and watched his face blanch while I sat outwardly calm and unmoved. (CONTINUED ON PAGE A LIFE HISTORY. (CONTINUED FROM PAGE 28.) —O— "God's ways are not our ways," he said at last. He has shown us how purposeless were the sacrifices we had planned, when He had greater ends in view. May He give us strength to bear." The months which followed passed as in a dream, but my hands found plenty to fill them. My husband had come home to me a broken- down man, and I saw day by day that his strength was failing. Oh, how glad I was in those long vigils by his bedside that I had not faltered. A love as of a mother to her child grew in my breast as I watched his remorseful care, his earnest solicitude in my behalf, as his life ebbed away. It was inner as well as outer mourning I now wore and for a year I lived on alone in my home, with no particular event to note the fleeting time. One day a letter was put into my hand. I opened it and out dropped two enclosures, one in a hand which even then caused my heart to beat, and a few lines in a strange writing. Edward's—for it was from him—ran thus: "When I learned that you were free, Madge, the wild sweet hope rose in my breast that when I could I should come to claim my wife, but it was not to be. I have been stricken with a contagious fever, and my life is slowly ebbing away. The verdict has gone forth and I must die. It is but for a little while. I await you in a better world. God bless you for ever and ever.'' The other was penned after his death, and told what he had witheld that no life lost on the battle-field showed great- er heroism or glory. It is little wonder that I recall that bright joyous girl whose face I once bore, as with folded hands I sit and wait. Sometimes my watch grows heavy, but my courage fails nor. I wait on with at least con- tentment to the end. 