The announcements of the day that, on account of the strike of colliers in Wales, coal i3 being sanb to England from America, and that ia consequence of a dispute in the c ibiiietniaking trade in Glasgow, mechanics hive been imported from Germany to take the plice of the men on strike, bring up the question again of ? Whither aro the tendencies of the day leading mankind ? and first of mankind, as usual, Anglo-Saxendum 1 It is not long since the strike of English engineers endangered the veiy existence of the Empire. That Empire is sustained, as all the world knows, by naval superiority ? the sovereignty of the seas.- Let that superiority be overcome, that sotereignty deposed, and tha Empi-e muit fall to pieces — pieces tint will fare sadly at hands that have long itched to rend the united fabric. The superority and sovereignty depended first of all on the people of Great Britain, and secondly upon its coal. If the people are to be replaced by foreigners at every strike, they must gradually degenerate i:;to servile and mischievous paupers in plac? of patriotic freemen, and if coal has to be brought from America because Englishmen refuse to mine their own, the grand advantage, indus! rial, commercial, and warlike, of Englishmen is at once abrogated, and England falls in that respect below third rate Powers. It is evident now that big industrial strikes, though aimed at the employers, really impinge on ' the poople,' using tho word in the sense the makers of sttikea love t - use it, that is, as tho wage earners. The nation is affected, and they compose the mass of the nation, -»nd the portion most eeriously aflacted by what affects the ration. Strikes b;ing bid times for all, but the employers are less affected (especially since they became organised) than those whose duly bread is dependent on their daily toil. Strikes withdraw millions sterling yearly from the manual laborers of Great Britain and withhold millions ; and this cannot occur without impoverishing them. It is true the laborer i3 irorthy of his hire, and the hire must be a reasonable one under the circumstance, a 'living wage,' to use the slang of the day. The fact boasted of by our own Labor members of Parliament that the wages of manual laborers in Eng land are superior to the same in Queens land is significant. And still they keep on with their big strikes, endangering their very existence as a tree people. There must be some erroneous notion dominant where such baleful results seem to be deliberately courted by a fairly intelligent community. And it is betrayed, we think, in the confusion of the masses' 'guides, philosophers, and friends' en the great social question. What is sometimes called Collectivism, sometimes Co-operaiion, is held to be antagonistic to Individualism, and there fore making for Socialism. As well say, that because things are equal to the fame thing, they must be unequal to something else. Co-operation, to uae the most practical term of the two, might be opposed to Individualism without being any more consonant with Socialism ; nay, it might be. leu times more antagonistic. But Co-operation, so far_ from being opposed to Individualism, is the last ex pression of Individualism, its concentrated form, its finished product, as the drilled and discipline drank is all ihese of human energy. An individual does not cease t - be an individual by combining with other individuals. Rather is his individuality, if he has any, strengthened and inspired — strengthened by the energy of the others, inspired by the friction of the cancm ring atoms. And is it not so with Socialism ? On the contrary, there individuality is emascu lated rather than energised. All respon sibilify is laid on an impersonal entity — something between a scapegoat and a deity — cilled the State. The State sees to everything and what, was the individual has nothing to do but follow his own per sonal inclinations. What these are and to what they teiid might be easily enough imagined had is not been written in the history of a hundred experiments. One of the latest of these. — best knjwn of all bemuse the most elaborate and deter mined with which Australia has been c-nnected— is now nearing the inevitably dismal clo39. Mr. Line's ' 0-i=me Colonists,' the pick of so many p:cked Socialists, have now all but finished the thousand and first dreary experiment. The few but select aeceders under Mr. Lane seceded with the stern determina tion to make socialism a success or peri3h in the attempt. But as the futility of Bghting against nature and the abject misery resulting became more patent, the less stubborn stole away on various pre text?, and never came back. The more stubborn will follow in time, but not before they have largely reverted towards the etone age and thair children become little batter than savages. Such are the consequences of sinking individ ualism. In Oo-operati8m men are indi viduals, in Socialism merely units. It may be, and no doubt i?, true tint the tendency towards collectiveism — to use the more scientific term again — grows even stronger as man evolves into higher and higher life. It is just as true that it 'by no means weakens that desire to compete, that love to excel, which nature has implanted within us,' as a writer of the day declares. But if he means by that, which he does not say but seems to bint, that the logical conclusion is Social ism, he confounds the essence of the things treated of. Collectiveism, so fir from tending towards Socialism, repek it. Collectiveism energises Individualism, Socialism sinks it. Mankind can never expect to get on if i's components divest themselves of manly attributes. Let them lay their responsibilities on a thing, and they become like the souls of Homer, 'naked, wandering, melancholy ghosts,' and not altogether unlike their rude ancestors in the remote past. 