The Outlook. Revival of Missionary Interest. ' The most significant Wesleyan Methodist Mis sionary meeting that has been held within the memory of living men ! ' Thus The Methodist Recorder describes a truly re markable gathering held in Wesley's Chapel, London, on the 29th Septem ber. For some years past the English Conference has had to deplore the decline of missionary enthusiasm. The woeful cry of retrenchment has been heard all along the line. Pleading cries for help from every part of the mission field have had to be pigeonholed, and yet the coffers of the Mission House have been , unequal to the strain put upon them. Driven by sheer necessity, English Methodists have gone to their knees. Days of intercession have pre ceded the gathering in of the people's offerings. And now the answer has come in the cheerful payment of de pressing debts and in the coming back of much of the glorious enthusiasm of other days. One first result of this return of prosperity was the meeting referred to, where a crowd of sympa thetic Methodists from all p-trts of tiondoin assembled to wish God-speed to ; a band of between twenty and thirty young missionaries leaving for Africa, Asia, and- America. Dr. Rigg, the venerable chairman, spoke of the meeting as ' the greatest public day lie remembered in the history ? ? ot our. Missions. There had never been such a day — never an occasion on which so many new missionaries were sent to new appointments.' Is there any logical con Prayer and ntction between the inter Success. cession of the Church and their return to prosperity ? Exactly the same connection as there was between John Hunt's dying prayer, 'Lord, for Christ's sake bless Fiji! Save Fiji ! Save Thy servants, save Thy people, save the heathen, in Fiji!' and the marvellous revival that soon after wards swept cannibalism from the land. Exactly the same as between thd agony of prayer that for so long pressed upon the heart of Hudson Taylor, and the wonderful spiritual success of the C.I.M. History in all this is but repeating itself. Pentecost was preceded by days of prayer. It was when the Apostles were praying that the place where they were assembled was shaken by the Holy Ghost — and marvellous success among the heathen instantly ensued. We commend this thought to the Board of Missions, and to our people throughout Australia. As a natural corollary A Praying to the above, we gladly Ministry. place on record our delight . at the arrangements just made far the weekly meeting together, for Prayer and Intercession, of the Christian Ministers of Sydney. For three months, every Friday morning from 10.30 to 12 o'clock, such meetings are to be held. The Centenary Hall has been placed at the disposal of the brethren. On Friday last some forty were present — Anglican, Baptist, Con gregationalist, Presbyterian, Methodist — all were represented. The meeting was a time of pleading with God. Not a word of discussion from beginning to end, but prayer, earnest, importunate prayer. The thought expressed by the venerable chairman, the Rev. J. Wats ford, voiced the convictions of all present : — ' If there is to be a wide spread revival of religion, it must be preceded by a revived Church, and if there is to be a revived Church, there must first be a revived Ministry.' What ; of good will be the outcome of these 1 meetings no man living can conjec ture. If the recent United Christian Convention resulted in no other good than in this bringing together for holy wrestling with God of half a hundred earnest ministers, we may well thank God that it was held. The Lord seems to be Wanted, — directing the steps of Combination, many of the ministers and laymen of the Christian Church in Sydney to a fellow ship not alone of prayer, but of defen sive and aggressive effort. There is a growing conviction in several directions ; that excellent as are the resolutions adopted by Church Conferences} Assem blies, and Unions, protesting against public vice, and pleading for national righteousness, that valuable also as may be the work done by the Council of the Churches in the same direction, so far we have not got hold of the idea that is needed in order to give dynamic force to the abstract convictions of the Christian conscience of this city. In the face of loud-voiced sin, sin smiled upon by Parliament and flattered by the Press, what is wanted beyond anything else is the combination of whole-soulled, pray ing, vigorous men. Men on fire for ser vice,' who will be willing to leave their reputation with God, aud will be . pre pared to fight for purity and righteous ness and truth with the fearlessness of a Savanarola, or of a Luther, or of a Wesley. We have the men in bydney. What i8 needed is combination. There are movements in the air in this direc tion of which we hope to be able to say more at no distant date; The popular and able A Noble Bishop of . Ripon (Dr. At my. Boyd Carpenter) chair man of the historical Church Congress just held in Bradford, when preparing for that assembly, addressed a letter to the President of the English Conference — the Rev. H. Price Hughes, M.A. — asking him to state the number of laymen employed in spiritual work in connection with British Methodism. Mr. Hughes gave the number as 250,000. No Church outside Methodism could furnish a parallel to to this. It is a fact of startling significance, and explains the importance attached by the President to the District Conventions of church officers arranged by the last Conference. The one great purpose of these confer ences is to seek for an outpouring of the Holy Ghost upon the official life of the Connexion. That secured, the mightiest revival of modern times would immedi ately ensue. The first of these con ventions was sitting at Cardiff when our latest exchanges left England. In every sense it was a phenomenal suc cess. A wise man many cen It Doesn't turies ago said: — 'The Pay. way of transgressors is hard.' And that s about the conclusion to which Mr. Henry Copeland, M.P., and the directors of the Zoological Gardens will shorrly arrive, if they have not got there already. Mr. Copeland seems to have a penchant for the introduction of legislation that not only ignores the sanctity of the Sabbath but multiplies the inducements to Sabbath- breaking Six months ago, aided by a maudlin and grovellingto popularity majority, he succeeded in passing through the Legislative As sembly a resolution to open the Zoo logical Gardens on Sundays free of charge, and, in order to recoup the directors for the expense thus involved, a grant of £1,000 per annum out of the Treasury of the colony was directed to be made. Thus Sabbath desecration has been made cheap, as well as easy, but it doesn't pay. A paragraph in the Daily lelegraph informs us that 'the free admission of the public to the Zoological Gardens on Sundays seems likely to result in financial disaster to the Zoological Saciety. The attendance has been enormous, and has necessi tated extra labour, while the returns have shown a corresponding decrease. Naturally enough, the public, knowing that admission rau be gained for nothing :oh Sundnys, hesitate before making a visit in the middle of the week. The free admissions to date (six months) represent in gate -money no less an amount than £3950, against which the society has received £500 as a subsidy from the Government. The decrease in the revenue for the same period amounted to £535. If free Sunday admission is to be continued, the society will need an increased subsidy from the Government in order to make both ends m i/t.' This is rather hard on Mr. Copeland ; but he is not a man easily daunted, aud it is just possible that the last sentence in the paragraph quoted is but an inspired feeler, preparatory to an application for an increased subsidy for the encouragement of Sabbath breaking. In these days when the exigencies of the public finances are taxing the breakfast-table of rich and poor alike, such an appropriation of public money is infamous, and should be resisted. It looks very much like it Is the Law when we find legal deci 'a hass?' sions such as that reported in * the daily papers of Saturday last. A licensee of a suburban hotel was summoned to the Newtown Police Court to answer a charge that he ' kept his licensed premises open for the sale of liquor to persons other than bona fide lodgers, inmates, or travellers,' on the afternoon of Sunday, October 23rd. The facts were proved. The police officers saw numbers of men entering and leaving the hutel ; they also entered and found the glasses on the counter. The sergeant, addressing the publican, said he ' seemed to be doing a large trade — quite a wholesale trade.' Boni face modestly admitted that he was doing a little.' There was no denial of the facts, but the solicitor for the defence argued at some length that there was no offence committed under the Licensing Act. The charge was that defendant had ' kept open ' his premises for the sale of liquor, not that he had sold it. If a person got admission to a hotel by favor, or by going to the back door, the publican could not be charged with 'keeping open.' A decision by Judge Murray in a similar case was cited, in which a conviction was set aside by him on such grounds. The Magistrate said ' he had always convicted in such cases, indeed it was the rule in that court, but, though he might differ from the Judge on the point of law, he was bound to respect the decision of the superior court, especially as if he knowingly went against it he might be involved in costs. He therefore dismissed the case.' Here is the difference between law and com mon sense, and an illustration of the difficulty in reaching the people who admittedly break the law and defy con viction. The sympathy of men like the Premier and the leader of the opposition is making the publican bold. It is high time the Christian community made its voice heard in some unmistakable way. 