PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGE MENT.-[COPYRIGHT.] THE SIREN, OR VERA, THE NIIIILIST BY L. T. MEADE, Author of "The Medicine Lady," "A Soldier of Fortune," "Scamp and I," "A Life for a Love," "Daddy's Boy," "The Honourable Miss," "Heart of Gold," "Dr. Rumsey's Patient," etc., etc. CHAPT'ER I.-(Continued.) Since she was ten years old Wilmot had never known a care. Before that time there had been plenty of sorrows, for in the sort of Castle Rackrent in seen with eyes red from weeping, for which they lived in Ireland ereditors O'Brien in those days had often been were numerous and unpleasant. Lady Wilmot's father was a, sporting squire of the old school, rathler too fond of the bottle, and given to many good round oaths-he was feared by his depen dents, loved and feared 'about equally by his wife, and decidedly dreaded by his pretty little daughter. It had been Wilmot's habit to keep as much as possible out of her father's way, hut the breezes which blew straight from the broad Atlantic were pleasant all the same, and the tenants were good- natured to the little girl, and, al though Lady O'Brien had a bad time of it, Wilmot did not mind things very much. But she was not by nature a, coun try girl-there was nothing large or wide. alt that time about Wilmot. By and by the strength of passion would produce a change in her, but that had not awakened in those early days. When her father died she did -what duty demanded, shed a few tears over his dead face, and wept also when she and her mother standing ,at the castle gates saw the funeral cortege leaving the did house. But immediately after wards Lady O'Brien and the little girl went to England-Colonel Nugent was fatherly to Wilmot a-nd brotherly to his sister, the comforts of his luxurious hose' were throw~n open. to tlhe pair, and Wilmot, finding that the sun now shone steadily on her, began to think life intensely agreea'b'le. She was a favourite at school, for she was good natured .and not the least ambitious. Her uncle supplied her with abundance of pocket money so she could. regale her sidhoolfellorws with unlimitel dhoco ;ates and odiher delights. Her masters, who quickly perceived that she had no talents in any one direction, did not worry her over her 'music, painting, or recitations, and consequently she found her lessons deilightful. TDhen there came the happy, the ail-impo' taint day, when she reached young womanhood, and the dress for her pre sentation to Her Gracious Majesty had to be selected. The dress came home, was fitted on, approved, and then ar rived that giddy moment when she stood in her court train and plumes, and was petted and caressed by both uncle and mother, -while Frank Nor reys helped her to strawberries and cream. As he did so he %nhispered in her willing ears that she must have been quite the prettiest debutanate at that special drawing- rootm, and from that moment there came a keener de light and a swifter motion into her young life. Wilmot swas now twenty years of age, happy, young, full of hope, not engaged yet, although she had retceived several proposals. But her heart belonged to Frank; day by day and hour by hour her passion for him strengthened until it became the ruling motive of every action. It but needed a waft of ill fortune, a touch of any contrary wind, to fan it into a flame which might rouse the hitherto gentle girl to desperate deeds. But all this was proble!matichtl. "Either Fi'ank is off or on' imme diately," muttered Lady O'Brien to her self on that special morning. "I have made up my mind, and I shall speak to George; he must ask Frank what his intentions are. Yes, George can do' this 'without compromising either Wil mot or myself. I will not have her beautiful youth spoiled, waiting for any man." As these thoughts flitted through Lady O'Brien's active brain she turned in' the direction of her brother's study. She reached the doors, which were double, green baize outside, heavy oak within. Unfastening the outer, en closure she applied her knuckles vigorously. "Who is there?" said a. voice within. '"Only me;, Georg --Nellie. I want to ark you one or two questions." "I will see you presently, Helen. I am particularly engalged ?now." ."Provoking! W¢hat a fool I was nut to open the door and walk in," thought the widow toi herself. There was nothing for it now, how ,ever, but to' retire with as 'much dignity as ashe could.. Colonel Nugent was as kind, as generous, a-s affection:a'te and good to his half-sister and her daughter as man could be. Lady O'Brie hh' ad a delight ful time in his house, being mistress of his servants, e-titled to order his dinners, t:o use his carriage, and to help herself to a conisiderable am?ntouh of his property; but all the same, as far as his innermost t?houghts were concerned, as fnr as his retal life went, she lived outsicde his exictence. She did not know this, and s÷ was too full of tact to a.lo'v her ever to perceive it. - 'She was fond of te:.ing her friends that she alone in all the world understoo:l her eccentric brother. "He is the dearest old fellow," she would s,?, "the most peefeqt gentle man-he iquite. poils Wilmot and my self-but then we are such friends, have been so, he and I, all our lives: heart to heart we ,re as one. It is delightful tihe cofi- dPences he gives mne. Dear. dcnr George-his love is xwarmly roturnc-l. I believe I coatl' die for hinm. and so could my dllar little Wit mot," . . .:..j As the friends to whom Lady O'Brien made! this confidence knew only too well that there was that in the speaker wthich would make it impossible for her to die for anyone, they were apt on such occasions to, smile and turn their faces aside. For it needed but half a glance to be all but certain that Colonel Nugent was smasrcely likely to open his hleart to anyone; but if ever he did so it would not be to his frivolous sister, Lady O'Brien. Now when her footsteps were neard retreating, the Colonel crossed his room and turned the key in the lock. "I must 'have this morning to my self," he muttered. Then he sank down into his favourite chair, and taking the letter, the contents of which had worried him so considerably at breakfast, out of his pocket, read it slowly over again. Its contents were brief, and ran as follo'w: Hotel de l'Europe, Moscow. "My dear Nugent, "I h!ave something to say which will startle you considerably. I have just come a.cross yogr long-lost daughter. She has been brought up, I am sorry to say, in a perfect nest of Nihilists, and from. what I am given to understand has imbibed all sorts of extraordinary socialistic tendencies. All the .same she is a strikingly hand some girl, with much' individuality and character. She has a cer~bain look of that old portrait of your mother, too, which you remember you showed me the last time I was in London. I hbd a long interview with her yesterday, and enclose herewith a paper containing evidence of her birth-there is not the least doubt that she is poor Katarine's dlaughter, as the enclosed chain of evi duance will show you. It might be well for you, Nugent, to come straight out here, and, if you will wire me to that effect, I will .wait at this hotel un til you join. me-we might then con sider what is best to 'be done. Your prognostieations, my dear old friend, have turned out strangely correct. How often hare I laughed at you when you assured me thlat you were certain Katerine's child lived, and that some' day you would find her. I was equally persuaded that tuhe infant must have died .at birth, but behold you are right, and I am wrong. A fine, handsome girl, above ithe average in every sense of the word, waits to be claimed by her affectionate father. "This 'will reach you on the tenth, and if you start a:t once you can be here on the thirteenth or fourteen:th. We can then consider our plans. Yours, my dear fellow, Sincerely, "Edward. Scarsdale." "Good God!" muttered the Colonel to himself, "after all these years. Am I glad or am I sorry? It i's impossible to say alt this present moment. Of one thing I am resolved: neither Nellie nor Wilmot must learn anything of this at present. I must see that child, and soon. To think that I have a groiwsn-up daughter whom I have never yet luaid eyes on is quite enough to stagger even the sanest of men.. I cannot rest until the whole thing has been mlade plain to, me. This evidence is certainly conclusive-the date of birth, followed immediately by poor Katarine's death. Ah! thalt misera;ble time, how the ghost of it rises up be fore me now! My God, what « fool I was, and yet how madly. holw madly I loved her. If her child is like her I shall love her also; and yet, God help me, I trust she may be different in .some ways. Brought up as a Nihilist did he say? With the strongest sociallistic tendencies. I perceive 1that in my old age I am about to be plunged into water hot cnough to scald me. Well, I must not shirk the inevitable, and I shall start for Moscow to-night." As this last thought came to the Colonel he got up, thrust the letter into his breast pocket, and leavinig the study crossed the hall preparatory to going out. He intended to send a telegram immediately to the Hotel de 1'Europe, Moscow. As he was putting on his hat Lady O'Brien, who 'heard his step on the oak floor of the ball, tripped out of her little boudoir. "I was so sorry you could not see me, dear George, when I came to your door that time," she said. "I was particularly engalged, Nellie, or I should of course have attende'd to you," was his reply. "But I came on, business." "I can see! you when. I come in; I must go out now." "You look worried, my dear old man; is there anything the matter?" "Nothin'g: Why do you ask?" "I cannot quite tell yon, olnly at breakfast you had a letter." "Helen, you knowv what I rhay' told you already with regard to my letters You are welcome to this house and to all that it contains, but my letters are my own; I hope you understand." "Good g:racious! Of course I do; George, particularly when you look at me with such asn awfully stern face'. Did I not know that you were quite the most good-natured, good-humoured old fellow in the world I should' be quite alarmed.. But I would be the very last rto troub!e you. I understand you, George, few better; you are good, very good:: you have nolt a .bit ,of real fierceness in you. Yes, of course, you fnust go out, land I won't say another word about that naughty letter,. no, not another word. Wilmot' would .scold me if I did. ' Why, Wilmot, dear child, looks upon you just as if you were her real father." "Quite right, she is a good girl," said the Cblonel. "Noww don't keep me any longer, for I.am in a hurry.' .."But you'll be in to lunch?" "I cannot say, I may be. By the way, Helen, I shall be leaving town to-night for two or three days." "Indeed? Are you going to the Pad dbck?' ,"No." "And .you won't tell me?" As Lady SO'Brien spokle she cocked her head a little to' one side, puting on the airs of a very vivacious robin. The Colonel looked steadily at her and was silent. "Shall you be very long away, you dear, mysterious old creature?" "I cannot say." "To-night you say you are going?" "To-night, and I have much to do, so don't keep me any longer. Good-bye for the pres~ent." The Colonel took up his walking stick and left the house. (To be Continued next Saotbudidy.) 