"SILAS REDFERN'S DIS APPEARANCE. a"T 4--? isteriaaus daisppearansc of all Silas todfern was a serious matter for Mamie. She had bee'too loving a ni;ee ?nf too unsbphiti sated s girl to indolge in an; sordid specilla tions asto wen her uncl'es money was likely to li?icoe - oers. hbo believed that all h, left behind him would be hers same day, as iii tjie ordinary coprse ofaature hoe cught to die many ?Jeaian efors she did. Thbolgh no was the most "'it'toadous old skin-fliut is that part of the country, he was her uncle and the only living *~tettive she had. So Mamie'felt itto be her duty to love him and tried her utmoLst to do so, "and to a degree esh succeeded. But as for . oey, and his.money especially, it interested bar' about as much as the price of slates or steel o itI anywhere on the Pacific slope. " .? - Indeed. it was not until lier uncle bad die • lipprared that the word " money" came to S:bae any.real aigniicanlce to Mamie Redfern. .trwas when she found herself alone in Firdale , illit, with a maid lookiug to hlr for every. itr, tng, and Bart l'ruaher, the eingle labourer bar uuclo had kept about the placo, wanting eleven sbillings a'oa rll week's wages lawfully due to him, that Mami awakened. -- - l£ahSbe.apoditively had not a shilling. She never had had money. I.iring there at the old IIall, abe never had wanted any. All things that were I:e??iul for her, her oncle had provided. They 'bad ome.in proper course, and Mamie had rows up in that strong faith of childhood which disposes of all difficulties of ways and .,'£eaoo with the confident affirmation " Father .Lw pil ppy,' or " Utcle will pay." Mamie re membered when her affirmation had taken the rst form, bhot for seven years past it had taken the last. She had lived with her uncle for . ews years. Agd now that he had gone, she Swas mistress of Firdale, and poorer than her maid, wjho had received a month's wages threes wereks before. e.. e'uocle had disappeared without leaving any dinue as to his whereabouts. Mamie had ''4e"espending the day with Lena Bedfeld at Whitcthorn Lodge below the village. Fordyce, .: er.srmid, had gone out towards the clese of the slteemoon to make some purcha?es. WVhen she left, heo master, Silas Redfern, was walk ing up and down the pathl which led from the Sback of the Iiall to the road, apparently helrbedr in oae matter of importance. But :"'it war soordinaryn a oirumstaanc for him to, .walk about tiue' hll and grounds with that . . n ceoa?ia air, that Fordyce thought nothing orit, but went on her way towards the village. That was the last that was seen of Sasc Red frn alive;' .pr Every effort to discover him, living-or dead, ,.,had hitherto failed. It was now five monthe I aince he had disappeared. There was no eavi df?npe of his death, and thera was no reason to suppose that be had made away wit himself. S"nd' what deepened the mystery surrounding his disappearauoe was that no'will or papers beusing upon the Firdale Hat estate could bhe found. Every room and box and drawer was raiisacked..ubtuno paper of legal value was dis oevered. 'f4tmie knew that he had had pack 'atgeasof locaments. He htd. been in the habit f .s.tpending hours with them in a little room ehicbi opened into his bedrom, on the first loor.. Thpre were three large trunks and a s:'iting desk to this roomned Mamle was ? ader '1.ihe.impression that her uanle had kept the :ipprs int the trunks. Rut owfen they came tb _t.ia ?anmined tbpy were found to contain rob tinib. wern-out clethbing and old heb coverings " hilh wero -droppibg to preces from old agd. • phere was not a aestige of paper or parchment Y' aby o~ f hbee. \- o'x"Nect- only had Silas Redfern disappeared, bahhis papers had disappeared; toe. ,?t Ieveaono talieved that he was dead, but all ",)"eres to diseCoer his tbody had proved fruillese. iXlnder .the close scrutiny to which Fordyce was soubjected, the girl was seized with an nugovern sble terror. The Ideos of death. of murder, of ps"keown horers filled her with dread. She "; ealme b.eteral,. acd refased to stay another ,:pnigftieuFirdsle iall. Hler fear was contagious. ?Lfamie quickly eauglihb i, and woa consumed i,,oy a aehse of indescrbable hrrorrors. bbe, too. G]recrared'tiat ahe could edtlemain longer at the1 .all.', it rseaeed to blcaunted by a legion of eval piaits which pervaded its very almost ".e, : So Thomas Belfield, Lena Belfiold's fi(br, took ?itty on ier, aend'teook imie her. fell to'Vhitethorn Lodge to spend a few weeks : iithLenu,'anil to see wihat Time would reveal ::-Though a perfict innocent as regards monce oiinsttiers and the affairs of buoineso life, Mlamie tJedfcrn iwems ene of the most popular girls for Mhles round. She was sixteen,as vivacious-as a spreinG breeze and the miscivcrous member of ,'h$e Firdale tennis club. o'!".Tfaare"were;e-at laastthtre fellows of the club who had designs on Mamie, But the only ouo Swho-'f~pihd her at all rcspo?ive was haltor ' lsmtoo, the son of a rusticating iron :merchint. As soon as Walter began eto pay- serious attention to her, it was patent to everyone that he was the first and only favourite. The other two suitors accord. ".ngty stood off like honourable mein, and left .,Mamie to Walter. And from that time the , village looked upon her as pruoerly appropri bated. Those who were intimate with Walter LiiMston congratulated him upon his good for tide in hbarng secured lMapie. Those who aree not intimates with him envied him and said that some people were " always in luck's "?N?o one was more concerned.over Silas Red fern'e disappearance than Walter Marston. It •aasd hdim many a sleepless night,and the pri .vte icquiries he instituted cost him a con jderable amount of money. He saw the awk Ward position in which the disappsearance of .n'mie's uncle and the family papers had left lihk': He determined, therefore, that eo trouble or expense he could command should he spared 'iab effort to dlear up the myster-. "Vilter and I had long been fast friends. Our tastes were aliker and as our houses were ,noe?ftpa-t we were frfcqrutly f~oad at onls for me at The Rlowns, the home of the Mare. tons, wahich would have acclunted for my fre que?lipresece there hal Walter becu in the dotipodes. He hbad a very angaging sisatr, whosessnme wmo Alice, and by common gossip ilic, eMaston and I were to be unitedl in bholy matrimony. Be the truth of hat' what it might. ceofoes to havipg been with Alice bloraton in the consereatory at The Rowons one lovely evenuiig in July. She had taken me in to look at a:vine whilch, under her attenlion, had be come one oft.the finest ilU tLe dittriat. . I had properly admired the delicate plant,. and paid Alice avery vermis?ibin uompiimant for bnnging it into each a remarkably healthy and prplifie state, when our acon vrsation tarelva uponoalemie Raedfarn and the lisappearancev of her uncle. : noticed that Alice laidil down the lght pair of shears she had Iake n up, and that the ud arnly stoed silli, look ng very grave. " What's the matter. Ahlce ?" I s'id, starthd by the charge which hbd come over her. ' Clem ! Do you kow wbhat I tthink abut t?"' She spoaei'very delilbratrly. " What, Alicr ?" I ws all att-ntion. *. I believe that lMr. et:edira i.s ornewha re in that house. If he had madle away wtah hihnelf \- stotside, they would hIave fo?nd I.imn. lle inl the house. : .feel sure of It." " What mekes you think so, Alice ?" "t I'e thougat so for a monuth naw. OPc night last week I wao dreaming about Itmie and the Hall. I dreamt that I saw Mr. Redlein saome twiec io the wrindow of the little room at * .. the soeth corner. He beckoned to me and then pointed with his right hand." "Pointed 1 How ? Where p" I gasped. \- Towards the other side; .towards the mid dle of the house over the frontocntrsane. I saw him as plaiily as 1 see you. l'm sure he is somew-ere in there. D:re fou'go in and see, Clem ?" " Dar I P Aye. a hundred times. But the place has been ransacked very oearly.thtt,' I said, excited by whateshe had told me. I tucnrd the matter over in my mind, and re called every circumstance which had coihe'to light b-anruj upon Mr. Redfern's movements up to the time of his disappearance. The more '1thought over it the more strange it seemed to me that, it dead, his body should not have been found. There wrs no deco water any where within three miles of Firdale Hall. There were five pits which served as watrering place for cattle, and theerr had all been care fully dragged. The police were satisfied that iMr. Rcdfern's body was not in any of them. So that everythilng pointed to him being above ground either alive or dead; yet up to that time there had not been a single clue discovered as to his whereabouts. The more I thought of it. the more reasonable did Alice's supposition become that the miss ing man was btillin his own house. I deter mined that I would tell Valter Marston what his sister had said and ask him to join me in a thorough exploration of Firlals hall. " By jove i look at that now ! The very same thought has been haunting my mind for a fort iight past," Walter explained, when I told him of Alice's suspicion. So he fell in eagerly with my proposal to explore the Hall, and we arranged to do so on the followring morning. Firdale Hall was a plain, substantially-built plate stanlirng in its own grounds, about 200 yards from a road which led into the main road a little to the south of Firdolo village. A row of trees shielded the upper part of the Hall from observation,and left its only architectural feature in view from the road. This was a pillared portacobefore the front entrance, which sereed to relieve the monotony of the plain red brick fronrt. - Except for the singing of the birds, the place was an still it the grave when Walter and 1 walked up to the front door. We had quite five minutea' fumble each before we could get the rusty key properly into the lock, as the front door had not been opened for nearly three months. Old Mrs. Corkhill, who spout two dayaesch week in the housedusting andattend iog to the furniturer, used a amail ido door to enter and leave. We, however, decided that we would enter by the front, as we thought fhe place would be all the sweeter to ourselves if wedct the large front door wide open to admit the air. How still everything was ! Not as much as the ecratching of a mouse could be heard as we stood in the frat room on the ground floor. For a moment we remained perfectly motionless, paying a kind of inroluntary deference to the place which had been the home of Mamie Red fern. The old pictures upon the walls were too faded for theirsoubjecttobe dietinguishable, for Silas kedferu would as soon have thought or giving his'life as of epcuding money upon fur bishing up what he regarded as useless inctm brances. He had not placed them there, but many a timahehad bemoaned the folly of those who had squandered good money over doing so. We wentthroegb the house from ground floor to rosf. Every room we could find was care fully examined,and every box or article of furni turn whiehcould have contained as much as the body of a child was subiscted to a scrutiny no thorough that we would have risked our lies upon its completeness... .. There was one thing which had sent a chill throgh me the moment we reached the top of the satirs leading to the irst floor. I had de tected a peculiar odour which my mind im medliately associated with the body of Silas Redfern. Walter did not notice it; eo I put it down to fancy. Our'seareh was fruitless. 1 propeord .that we should go qutside again and .take another good look at the house. Welter readily assented, so we went to the hall and then out by the front door, which we had left open. Westood hackon the grass beyond the gravel walk,to obtain a better view of the frontage. 'f Alice said thnt in her drepm he came twice to that window, and pointed to the middle of toe house over the front entrance,"I remarked, as wo stood vainly looking for some clue. " That wculd mean somewhere about the stairs," Walter answered, knitting his brows as if thinking hard. " The stairs, eh I There might be something in that. Let us go and have another look round," I said, a vague, uneasy feeling coming over me. We went from bottom to top of the house, and examined every landing, with the same result as before. " Well, we may give it up as a had job," said Walter, as we slowly came down on to the first floor londing. I had just stepped on to the landing, and turned to go.alog to the first flight of stairs. I was on the point of assenting to Walter's re mark, when my eye caught sight of something which aroused my curiosity. It had never struck me before, and Walter had evidently not yet noticed that between the wall nod the stairs we had just come daown and the inearerst wall of the room which stood next to the stairs on that side, tthlre was a short length of wall measuring about four feet and forming the aide of the landing. It o:curred to me that I had never seen any thing in the room on either aide of the stairs corresponding with the abshort wall, oar yet with the width of the stairs themselves. I should have exprctld to Bud a deep closet or a small room under the stairs, but I could not recall having aren a trace of either. " Here : come back ! There's something I'm not satilfired about," I said, turning back to the room beyond the stairs. 1 erxamined the wall closely. It had an old rarer tn t,.ieh ten ..n Oroten-* Tbrre ws no ondilstiooi of any room or recrs running under the stairs on that side. I went back along the landing into the room on the other side of the stairi. It, too, eas papered. I ran my hand over the ride nearest the stairs, but found nothing to rexcite ous picion. The paper was intact, and the wall stemed irm enough when tapped by my knuckle. " What on earth are you after P" Walter asked. He had looked on blaakly while I passed my hand over the paper of the wall. " See," I said. " From the far side of the stairs to this wall is about seven feet. The wall runs that way about twelve feet. What's io between the two walls ?" " The stairs," he ansoered, simply. " Nonsense ! They don't take up a third of it. There's space. They don't buildtielvre by-sreven of solid bricksl. I want to know what's in here," I said, exritedly. We went backwards and forwards from one room to the other, but noa trace of an aperture rould to find or anymirk whicht woul:l intlicalte a possitle opening. Here was a mystery, but one I was determined to solve if I had to brirg in workmen to break througih the wall. We went up the stairs and along the uplper la:ditg, but still there was no trace percepsible of any opening I was more than ever cont .neaed, though, that under and beyond these slairs layenough space to form a smallchamber, and I meant to get into it somehow. I as oui the point of leaving the ploce with the intentioan of bringing back a bricklayer, when an idea occurred to me. Going to the top of the staire. I came slowly down back. . - • J wards, grasping each step as I came, and trying to raise or dislodge it. eot a step moved. I gotto the bottom anid grasped the edge of the lowest step. I was exasperated at the failure of my lst scheme, and gae a vindic tive tug at the woodwork. To my consterna tion,-half of rho flight of stairs seamed to die appear, and I fell forward into a yawning cavity where an instant before the stairs had been. Walter saw me fall and heard my ahout, and tried to drag me back, but the momentum I had attained through the jerk I had give at the step carried me away from him. Before he could make a second grab at me I had struck a four, but, beyond the feeling of Lte sharp con cussion, 1 was unhurt. I rose quickly to my feet and looked before me. I was in a narrow and dimly- lighted room. Looksg round I saw that the htairway was still open, and that the lower half of the stairs was somehow susponded upwards. " Come in ; there's a good floor; we shall find something here," I said to Walter. iHe stooped anod came in to where I stood. Then we slowly advanced towards the end of the chamber. .-. -. - We had only made three stops forward when we simultaneoluly stopped and grippe each other. At the end of the chamber stood a huge chest, the massive lid of which we could see was raised about three iuches. In front of the chest, kneeling by it, was a human form, its head and shoulders being hidden by the heavy lid which had closed down upon them. Onu glance suflicl to convince us that the myltery o Silas Rcdfern's disappcarance was solved. We know that the kneeling form, trapped, as it were, by the ponderous lid of the cheat before us, was the mortal remaiina of lamie's uncle. " We advanced to the chest and raised the lid. Then we drew back the distorted form, crooked Ike the letter S and rigid as steel. It fell heavily on to the boards with a thud which nearly unnerved us. The cheat was one of the massive old fashioned structures of heavy,iron bands, bolts, and solid oak, such as are met with in old country churches as depositories of parish rolls sad registers. It was nearly half full of documents, and contained three small bags in which were £297 in gold. ,r -- .. Erverything was clear as we looked at that huge box and then at the crooked oterm before us.Tm as the room was the space under the stairs and between the other two rooms.The only entrance was that by which we had come. To euable it to be used, the lower part of the stairs had been made to raise upward, a counterpoise being attached at the upper end beyoud the bar wLi:h errved as a pivot for it to ewing upon. It was this counterpoise whit h caused the steps to remain suspended in the air after I had first jerked them up. Such light as there was in the room came down from a little barred window in the back wall of the house, which we afterwards found was bidden from outside observation by a skelet.n pigeon-crte without a roof being stouspded in Iront of it. but sulfici oily far from the glass to allow the libht to enter All the deeds of the ftodfern properties were found arranged with ecrapulsus care in the chest we had discovered. Silas lRedfern had used the chamber as his secret room, and had evidently tskeu the opportunity of Mamie and Fordyce being away from the house to enter it for the purpose of examining home of the papers or of adding more gold to his etore. The lid had evidently fallen down upon him and stunned him, and he Lad aunt forward into the chest to bl held by the cruel grip of the lid umtil death first, and then we, released him. IMamie was legally entitled to rverything. Neither she nor Fordyce had any knowledge or suspicion of thoexistenceof the secret chamber, and what we told thm abhout it made it im possible for either of them to live again in 'ir dale hI.all. In twelve months Walter Marston led lMamie to the altar,and then look her to the new house half-a-mile below The Rowsains, where Fordyco joined her ragia.i Firdale Hall remained untenanted, and gradually sank into decay. It is now used as a granary and for stabling, and the simple folk of the -district aver that at times a figure may be sren at the ruined window at the south corner, and that it is the ghost of Silas Itedfern. 