IN PASSING. Wr ,rill, ItIauprs." Ihck of oiiifii ll IitM I lxlibitMIby f I cotiiiiro u or garden y ricidr~ Ituj Ion: I)(11 a Aol) cu (f t·ieevl llCU to I IIIlml OIl OI o llaph who du:lhI 1)11; fIllelA IItca. \Whc It n uui dia'ovcl. fIint thisi earth is too cram11pred fur fret. II (11W for othe~r Iuoi WllrlIlul cIll (1(11 t it 1l.I kVIIcI, )1' CluttinZg uuItlglhttlli Ht lO( u 1 111 11 1 1? 0|1, S l Y I (1I 0 I' ) ] room drlaperies and ltainl the pile car put, thus entailillngi unnecr?sri'y work() on thu Sorrowing rclatives, but id u shock to thoe? of Isothietie taistio. A t;otletmuan who reiided in (.'olling. wood, huwevir. early lhiat wcek de cided to strike out for glory by newer Inethiiods, and necortdigl'y he hung a Iaug.e hirti bhug arouunl his nieck, andl having tilled it with ai hiudred weight of lricks, lie walked chierilly it into the ipllucid waters of the Yarai, and was amiong ithe angels ill no tilie. Thi-t is a iieritoriou systeittl and can lbf r'euttneolllllded, nilt only on Account) of clianlinles, but ucouioLy Ia well. The bricks tcan always he Ii hd up iand usedii agnin, and muclh tetpenIe g?enirally, tsaied to the ýictmuaed', lulatives. The writer trust: Ihutt it ill speedily iht,ioui ?pi uh lui1; ()n Tl'hursday o?riling la:tit t uiro I lilla hluuewife put tlle joint ill the oven to bale, alid lClt tile dtlHor ajar to plvenut its burning while She atopped across the way to tliscuse.l .caiual. At that n?Ilinelit a goat of the Billy brand Saiunterod along just in the nick of time, and lutred onward by the savoury ollour of oniolln dressing, lie crossed the threshold, and drawing out the mIieat on thu flior devoured tlho lot. 11 next proceedtd to the bed room0i where tho holy 's outfit lay on tle bed, and delpatlold the most of it with ease inul grace. The scent of cheose attracted his olfactory, and in order to procure it Ilhe swallowed htit lotlse trap, which, vlh spru'ng, gave his profile a distended Illppeatlce Soulie I sui paper roses and a [fwr sea shells formed a dainty dessert, and \Willilan atood placidly cliewin-g the rIt'liusii of an 8-inch wax inmIge whven lihe lady entered.. As .llhe appr achedl the house sli was gnl' tied with thei odour of union ll4 it lilled the cottage andi floatedl out oin thil I'e ze. The goat also, floated through the window at the Fllnel time, and it look of despair crept over the lady's pallid features us she saw hiin It-: appear down thi road with her Sunllllday hat faling out of sight down bii gullet. ...----*.---? 'he tent mialthcs hav- roused the dormlln t crielieting plIoclivities of the nation into ii . tate Ibordering oin frenzy, ilnd everybody is straining a Iv:rvy to feel interestod, even those who never saw a '" full -pitcher " in their lives, and wouldn't know it from a "'lob " if they did. 'Theo harp please ;- \ho I llurrahl ; Weo licked the lion, lhowled him out and laid him low. Our quality there's no dent i' lHet tho talsis atil ct olr livin'. W\e'e whipled the earih, we'd ha1e tu ltvw. tle i cutitirieli hI ,' out pr a, taarlt tih iti ? silk ellop11 rait a , In our hon1aor genius ] hrau a, lItou.ng ?ln1 ato tour w? ti. ihnlt anld dalnce a double shullle, Paint the bl,,omin' city red. ';illt todtl sober perhtit?I ruttle. W\e hae wc' v th fat*e ftl l t set l o, And we'vo got a hwollet htad. There is a tinirried couple living in a suburb who still believe in the exist- ence of ghosts, and whose lives are filled with fear and bitterIne::s in -ontsequlence. They are a timid pair, and the whistling of the night winds through the keyhole fills them with a natllels: dread, and as it result thies are constantly changing their resi? denlice believing the hlouhes to Ibe liaunltd,. A stray cow entered their yard one night recently and 'eratlched itself against a corner of the house, cauwing the old weatherbooard structure to shiver ; and they packed up and cleared out next day utnder the ilt prebsioi that the plaice was Iarked by huirdlerers, and shifted ilt? a wooden house that stood tlsiou?t fot? feet from the ground on piles. Ill an evil umoment thle wife told tit baler boy of their horrible experience, aod is couplo of nights after, the latter gathered his pals together and theyv craw'led undernieath the houise uldt tapped mysteriously at the tlooring just beneath the couplle's bedroollt, andl occasionally gave a mighlity thullp which brought cohl, clatnuuy bealds of perspiration out all over the victims and mado their hearts heat at at dr.ad ful rate. After a bit, the huiband got a spade and challenged the spooksil ill scared voice to come forth, but noine camtle. They removed into another house thl next day, and the baker boy and hie mlates are busy planning some fresh ghostly outrage. The husband is, of course, unaware of the truth, and as lie is one of several misgutided individuals who do not read the Irepurter, the secret still holds good. -0 A tan colored horso atttached to-I won't say wlo's --delivory cart, dis played a mutinous spirit last ThIuru. day afternoon, and steadfastly refused to mlove froml the front of the pre. inises, evoln when addressed in sweet, soothing tones. The equine quald ruped fixed ia baleful and hateful Iga.e upon the driver, and wit b a defiant snort proceeded to condluct itself in contravention of laws laid down and provided for the disciplining of all respectable gee-gees. lie mose on his hind legs, and voeverul sober; wlt nesses are even prepared to swear that lie laughed a tritimp)laht horse laugh atu lie lourished his hiofsr in the southerly breeze and generally played the dickens. After the driver had swortl at him--- really believe that individual swore---and stirred hin up in various ways, the nag Iiapparently relented of his ruflianuly conduct, and collluanced to " got a move on " ' as the Yank would say ; but instead of travelling in thle orthodox fashion, lie went backwards. Au ai matter of fact ho went bnokwards with the. cart la front 118 it WvLwc to R811li anI oxtent that t vearantlda jst gave promliso of being demiiolislied. At it (IilicIII mnoment, (1jn ~ th i v hottd t Iwii. tI omd I (2( (luw h Ii i, eLI" oillt . t lt I uII,, l lrliII \\\\]1.1 11' of Ilk 11111;11 ·- ·n 1 1.lu' (( r )ll~ntt rt~'1t1or..·, II f(oitr n 't lL'illt it I1o)I::(, htttst riI~ it~ltt'nt' III) itntttt l it tel ant1I tt.i'l t oil Iris \\.IIn. Illitt' IliCCI!' A\ Innr mallir i living not fa11r It hut it gall111 aL tri k it' t JIM i MS (1110 0ln (ii IlIIit' lie lul'll II,:; tirlit~edl Ieonttu! uI '. seep sey tt't Ini-lnigh:Jt. hotn" t 1.~n" nighJt 11(11.1\ . Io find n r taII, botty. joofrcul fttunfo. 1 '0it h i,; roo lal floltnitit ttf I'. for,. hunt like it memtoloy of thll plot. Itchore the man couhL izoit the ortial wild try tut nl curecr tp lilA Iac tromt the o i mill It rl-L . ot lIlt vititor. tuft it Iha ljtcptlII (lolt of flit witilnldow aod fadld intt Lthe tirclmttfltliehlt Iltorknfte. Sint bolt with hoc t too;ll; pIrtablhl orticho of valno brrolmtging to the 11)111 man who 10 conn ra lae in:l Itit natvIhslift. lTheti vitor wit: not it Illok; ofto wno a fettaleho IIciflu, aoll toot in at th:l whindow fly otoatta of a ifillfl:l. 'lii' octrid foet tott to diltiouti filer h \ll:t llttpalli flOlflbhellori . oiter of thfii, whill t a c ,11111 oi h oiflllIor, 100 ftan kII ifttll the kohuloth lotf fkll 111111i1do andtlook 11110itllr fth holl 01011 tighit Ililbite totiring. 