Three Cornish Stories. X. ' There edn' no Blob, thing as ghost«,' said Mrs. Tonkin ; ' but we do be'old the sperrita ol the dead just when the breath do leave the body, before they are gone total and complete, bat when they do be gone they don't never come baok; they can't, or else they don't want to.' 4 Sperrita of the living/ added Mrs Tro wltoheti, 4 is different. Sf you see the sperrlt of a live man wen the days do lengthen, the man will live long ; bat el you seen ot whoa tho days do shorten, he will die soon. 'Twas August month when Vaylor Dick saw his wifo's «perrit, and she died on Michaelmas day. Diok oome into our house ono night to toiioh a pipe with the maister. Et was a bad night, with wind and flaw. The lamp was lit, but the blind WM'up, and Dick was setting by tho window. Sadden he see his wife's face, as white as a wall, and shinen wet with the rain, glazen (staring) in upon him. He got np and went out, thin ken she'd cometo call 'en back for some then ; but there wadn' nobody there. Dick was in a brave fright, you may be saro. 'A runned home as hard as 'a could, and there 'a ded find his wife sprinklen linen ; and when he asked her, she said she hadn't stirred abroad that night* Then et come to him how 'twas August month, and the days a-shortenen, and his heart sunk in him. But 'a dedn' tell ho what he'd seen, for foar she'd go mazed with the fright of ot ; *a just Seeped queeat and waited, poor man, and hoped and feared for BÍX weeks ; und then the fever oome, and Dick's wife was the first et took. 4 Ess, sure, so 'a was, poor BOUI,' exolaimed Mrs Polsue.' I d' mind et well ; et was the year mother died, dear beauty !' . D'ye mind whet come to our poor dead Kate's husband tue night mother died?' asked Mrs Tonkin. .EBB, sure ;'at was a queer thing,' said Mrs Polsuo* . Jeffry, you're the one to tell that.' Mr Trembath stopped paoing the room, and began as follows : II. Et was about this time of year, and the boats were up to Plymouth after the herring. There was the time when I had a boat myself, the Vaahti et waa called, and Jack Seminons, who married our sister Kate, was in it with me. We had a spell of bad weather-very dirty weather 'twas that winter-and the boat waa kept in harbour night after night. Us used to sleep aboard mostly ; but once et happened, I don't mind how, that we were all ashore for the night -all but Jaok, who stayed aboard to mind the boat. In the morning, when wo como aboard, we found Jack lookcn brae'm wisht. . Liftds,' says he, * somethen queer come to me last night. I woke up in the middle of my sleep, thinken somethen moved on my face. I lay there all of a sweat in the dark ; there wadn' nothen astir, but I felt ag et the cabin was full of somethen. Then I did hear a sound, like as ef someone was rubben hands softly together to rub the cauld out. Et wadpen here nor there ; ot seemed all over tho cabin at once ; and ot turned my sweat to a shover. I coulden move, though I tried; I lay there and glazed and strained my eyes to see, tell I felt the dark pres» down on them like a black doth. And then lads,' says Jack,, * I felt a hued pasa over my face such a small, soft hand. Thinks I, I'd kuow that hand ; thor's ouly one hand as soft and small as that ; et's dear mawther Jenny's hand, sure enough. After a bit I put up my hand to touch to 'nt. Et dedn't move away, but it was gone-melted, like, atween my hand and my face ; and my hand touched my own flesh. Now, lads,' Baid Jaok, ' what do ye think of ot P What do that hand mean r . Et is a token,' said I, ' a token of some then, and I don't like to think what.' And sure enough, that day a letter oome from home teilen ns mawther had died in tho night. , I .Eh, et was a wisht thing, sure,' said Mrs. Polsue. . But to my mind the strang- est token of all that ever happened in our family was the one that oome to father with the lily.» And this is the story as she told it. m. When mawther died, she was baned in our family grave up co the simmetery ; and father planted a lily over her. 'A tooled et and watered et, but do what he would, et woulden flower nor flourish. Every Sunday for most a year he put cn his blaok ooat and went up there and tended et, but et wadden no manner of use. But at last, one Sunday ho come home, and says to me, 'Jane, I do believe mawther's lily have mido a start at last, Bimmen to me et looks like budden,' says he. Father was brae'm glad over et, for he had set his heart on maken that lily grow. Next Sunday he went again. When he oome baok he wag in a fine state. . Et is out !' ho says, 4 et is in blowth-the biggest, whitest lily ever you behold-a beauty and no mistake. I am maia glad, that I am. But Jano,* says he, . I well tell ye a queer thing. I was standen looken at et, and thinken upon jour mawther, and I see tho stalk bond over, and that lily did nod to mo~-ef I do live et did. Jane,' says he, . et did look to mo like a token from your mawther,' same as ef she was spaken to me.' 4 Hauld your tongue !' says I, 4 et was the wind.' 4 There was no wind bia wen to-day,' says be. 4 Then you wore dreamen,' says I. 4 Et may be so,' says father. Bat he was took dangerous next day, and died »fore next Sunday come round.'-OKABLKS LBB. 