The following appeared In our Second Bidltlon on Saturday. COLLAPSE QF A BRIDGE. ... .36' ..Persons',. DrowMiri Albion Launching Accident. 200 Persons i in the f Water. From' - tli o- S. df/ JTeyald- we tukethofullow- ing : Tlio R.M.S. Australia, which arrived nt Albany onJulyiO.'brquht' Eriglinb nows to Juno 24. -A tragic- abcideht'vmarred the launching of tho battleship Albion, in the yard of tho Thames IrunwbricV, Blank wall, on June 21. Tho disaster is comparable only with that of the Princess Alice, 21 years ago, or that attending tho lauuoh of the Daphne on the Clyde in .1888. -. An unusually large number of spectators . attended owing to the, knowledge that 'the Duke '.arid? Dnohess of York would attend tho ceremony. Twenty- thdusandiwere, admitted to. tho.ynrd on the invitation of f he company, thntigh only 8,000 wore accommodated- on'; , erected " Atatrincrs. This alone caused a' great rush to every point of vHiitago. Besides, the manager. .of. the. yawl has since acknowledged that any' i-ospeotably-dressed person" was admitted without a ticket, go. a snfo cstimato of the ' attendance is at . least 30,000. The wives, daughters, nnd>; friends .of tho. artisans em ployed flockod 'in, as great prido was felt in the foot > thut, tlio-Tlmmes Ironworks had built one of the largest battleships of the British Navy, and wus constructing tne huge Japanese warship Skikishima, the largest in the world. It was hopelessto expect a force of 70 police men to control' an 'Knat End crowd of suoh; dimensions. The police were posted in specially dangerous pianos. The crowd recoived their warnings jocosely; 'believing they Were, attempts to keep „the beat unreserved spots; for favoured, individuals. Even when spots where the ba<jkwi!Hh;,'.wiiK liable to.rcach were repeatedly cleared fresh swarms ,pf. sightseers appeared, aud whoii the..momeiit of. the launch camo it' was. found . impossible to; dislonsro them. As a matter of fact 'no' real danger was anticipated. The Japanese warship Fuzi had ' been recently launobed thero without mishap, aud probably the same good fortune would have attended 'the Albion's ceremony had nob the' terrific speed with which tho vessel went'off causud'a much greater backwash - than ' was anticipated. : The nmnugor admits that the inutich- had to be accolerated, us tho Albion was going off by herself. A distinguished company witnessed the Duchess of York perform tho christening! ceremony. Amongst tho ghosts ' were Afr. Goschen, Sir - William Hurcourt, j the Amoricau, Japanese, Turkish, and; Dutch Ambassadors, Lord Brassey, ' the! Hon. .T. A. Brassoy, — Lord Charles' Beresford, Sir. - .William ; -White r(con-; struetoy toV'thfe navy), and. many members of Parliament. Tho Albion typo of Warship, combining tho protected cruiser and the armoured battleship, has a length of 390 feet and a displacement of 12,950. tons. The y'dsaol \vas giu'lamled with yards of gay bunt ing. Tho launch wus effected successfully by the Duchess of York, who severed a . silken cord. As tho hist blocks on the keel were removed the Albion took tlio water quietly, but with unusual rapidity. Just as .the vast concourse of spectators wero shouting with 1he accompaniment of innumerable whistles and siroi.s, a number of persons, estimated at from-100 to 2uU, suddenly found, themselves strugirliug for life in the water. So swiftly and noiselessly did tho thing occur that persons only a few yards away, remained in perfect ignorance, while the shrieks of the drowning, people were lost in the general clamour of tho momeut.- Mauy visitors hoard only aftor their return to town of the catastrophe that occurred in the yard.they had just loft. It seems that botweon the slip on which tho Albion was built and that occupied by the Japanese cruiser in process of construction tbcro is an inlet or creek spanned by. a light wooden bridge for the con venience of workmen passing from one part of the yard to another. It consisted of standards., about 9 inches in . diameter, .of 6 feet width, and 8 feet apart. . . Theao wero fixed together at tbo top by spalls strengthened by struts. There was a hand rail in front to prevent the people falling into the river, and along tho top were pitch-pine planks about 3 inches thick running longi tudinally. Tho launch took placo at high water. At that time the platform staging was about 3 feet G inches above tho water level. The gangway would bo from 5 feet to 6 feet wido, and the piece that , subsidod wus from SO feet to 100 feet long This bridge, never having beeu intended to carry a crowd, wat conspicuously. marked dangerous. More over, it was well iusido the urea also declared dangerous on acoount of the great wave which tho launching of the snip would inovitably produce. The policemen did their best to enforce the regulations and warn people off the bridge and tho dangerous ! area,- but the crowd refused to givo heed to tho warnings. Accounts differ as to what actually happened. Tho best authenticated version is that the backwash swept up the narrow inlet and carried away the 'structure with its living load. So mighty was the up- rush of water that one man declared that the water went olear over him while he yet stood on the bridge. An eyewitness of tho catas trophe writes: "I was on the stand com manding a splendid view' of the launch of 'the ship, which was coming straight towards us. When about half her length bud entered the water there arose a series of most heart rending- shrieks, which. I heard distinctly abovo the loud notes of the sirens and the hoot ing of the steamors. / My attontiou was imme diately turned in the direction of tho slip; and there on tho port side a hUgo platform with its load of human beings was disappearing beneath the baokwush of the vessel. Women fainted in, all dilutions, hut thoy wore passed unnotioedljn the intense desire to know what had happened. I pushed my way along the wharf und cumo near the end of the quay. Here with the aid of n glass' I could see hundreds of people struggling in the water. Dozens of men jumped from the platform and quays and swain to tho assistance of the un fortunate people, whilo steamboats, police bouts, aud every available craft wore piloted past the great ship to - the spot as fast us possible. Unconsoious persons wore handed' to willing holpers . on ' the shore, . und many hundreds sought to render first aid." T saw' three' women taken out. in aucoessiou, all apparently . dcad. though tie efforts of those on shore were requisitioned to try to, restore life. A child was also brought ashore, and a sensation run through the crowd as the little body wus curriod to a shed. "Many boats; with two, three, and even inoro uncon scious forms, were towed out into the 'river, aud. rowed as fast as possible to Green wioh Hospital and points up and down the river " The Dukp and Duchess of York remained chatting after the ceremouy' for nearly half an hour, und then rejoined thoir steumer and returned to - Westminster,' oblivious of the terrible accident which codt 36 lives, including 26 women aud girls. A scene of the wildest confusion followed. People rushed- about shrieking and culling for help. The foot that these ones wore not neurd only a short distance away by those taking part in the launching ceremony was no doubt duo to the enthusiastic cheers. Some little time elapsed before the rescue began'. People were bewildered by the sight. Boats that might have rendered assistance were busy with the Albion. Soon attention was drawn to what had happened. Men on tugs and boats with great energy set to work, and rescued a largo -number of struggling people. Sovoral spectators with great courago dived into tho water, and brought up sovoral. One bravo rescuer relates : "My brother and I took off our -coats- and waistcoats, arid jumped into tho straggling mass. I kept diving under spars and any where wliero I thought a body might be found, aud my brother and I brought up five peoplo, throe of whom wore ;alivo' ana two dead. One wqman pulled' me beneath the water, und I should probably - have been; drowned but assistance was at haud, und we were hauled up just in tho nick of timel" There were floveral porsorts taken out' ap parently in- a lifeless condition, , who were immediately convoyed awAy to sheds in the 'Tho fbliowlng appeared In our. Second Edition on Saturday. yards, whoro they were attended to«" Within half an hour oight bodies had boon rccovorod and taken to a shed, which was turned into a temporary mortuary. Hulf-dfownod girls and women were romoved to tho fitters' shed and attondod by firemen und several nurfleswho -were ' soon i on the. scene A mother with a bnby in her arms wus saved. 'She was' wild ' with grief when it was dis covered that the baby she thought she had saved was dead. A young sailor with the greatest pluok saved fivo or six drowning persons. Another, declares that with men, women, and children all round him in the water, ho found one . woman clinging rouud his neck, and himself desperately trying to uphold ' a woman and a baby. Heart rending scenos took place ' at - the approaches to ..the ykrd. . The. wildest rumours 'Vgotii 'hfloat..'; People' , ran ;/Rbout wildly asking for. .news., of friends,-' and there were many toaohing .scenes when some lost one was found safe. A man who was at work on tho Albion suw tbo accident without, knowing that his Own boy .was in , the water. This ignoranoe otr the-parfc oi one section of the crowd of what was happening to the ether was the saddest feature of tho disaster.' When the eleotrio , lights were; turned on in the mortuary ft young working engihoer who helped to 'instaf tliom saw' hw mother and; newly married siste both dead. Hitt father and brother-in-law presently came' in and be held the same awful spectaole. The Queen speaks for the whole nation in her expresioiui of sorrow v- , , 