iSft t JIM rt * ' | m OR, THE "WAD TTJAMP" AND THE LOST DORADO. A STORY OF NORTH-WEST CANADA. By ROBE NT L. JEFFERSON:. Author of "-Gaid Mining iSiberia/" ck Jim Burrow* came ?"ito camp pdo ironing almost at a rim. H?displayed i Jiiore alacrity than ;n«- inhabitant had discovered in him sij*ee he first tended on the goldiiclds -tuv> years bark, l ie made straight for rue saloon, shout im; as lie went, and ik-> diggers who were just then on then- wav io < he claims l»aused and looked back ii^.ulnn^iv: hesitated—cert a&dy; they did-in.! wl.y not, for Jim Burrows had never been known so excited before'.' He shouted, stud his should bore an iuvitanoii which knew no refusal, It was-im invitation which Jim had only given om 01: -n hefore, irnd that was two years before, and the invitation was precisely similar —it was an invitation to a drink. "Blame me," said Bill Cross]oy, "hut I believe heV struck it! But "Where's liis purduei ':" "Looking after Ihe claim—what do you thinkV" said Jake Morgan. "Struck It rich, of course he has. Don't they all behave like this when they strike it:" and they crowded into the saloon, and Jim Burrows paid like the man he was. He sat on the bar.and told them the tale, but he winked and nodded, and not a word could they gather as to where it was. He knew it. he said, and his partner was looking after it. He had 3"ust come down for tucker, and then off again; and when he'd got his papers, then he'd just invite the boys up and show them the spot. He was not ungrateful, not he. and he was just going to do the thing right and proper and square; ; but he was not going 10 have any jumping, not he. He knew his game, although he'd only been two years at It, and now he'd struck it he meant to go right tln-ough. I watched .Jim Burrows interestedly, for of all men who had come down to Jacksonville, he was the last I expected to have luck. . Luck is an element on all goldtields. Some men eoine in to-day and may be rich to-morrow. The pioneers are the losers as a rule. Jim Burrows was a pioneer. He had discovered the region, and like a. good many other discoverers, was none the better for it. He had worked as a washer, for those who came after him, aud though now and again he was wont to go off on his own account, it seemed that luck was »ot ito ;be liis ragain, for he always returned more morose, more gloomy than ever. Some of them pitied him, "others despised him; but why the latter I eould never tell, unless it is that in human nature there is only reverence for the prosperous and contempt for the |K>or. Anyway, we all drank Jim Burrows' whisky, wished him the best of luck, en- Tied him, and went off to our own claims. Days passed, and Jim was absent. He had been down the river to the office, he said, when he returned. He had got his papers, and now he would show us where it was. Up over the mountains, beyond a creek, and down in a narrow gulch was Jim Burvows' claim, and a big piece he had parcelled out, of a solemn truth, and experienced miners shook their heads and *aid there was no color left for anyone else. It was only a little twig of a stream, uot-a quarter or :i mile long,ana little wider than a. ditch, and Jim and his partner had been careful enongh to leave only the wash for those who liked to follow. But we could not grumble, and filed back to the settlement, a lot of us hoping that Jim's pan would turn out all right, and a good manj-, with that perversity of human nature strong in them, half hoping to see liim fail. Day followed day, and Jim and his partner, G-rogan—the latter an Irishman of the most Hibernian type—were absent; but one day Grogan turned up with one of the longest and strangest •ales we had heard for a long time. He t*ame into the village inquiring light and left where Jim Burrows was. Shure, and he'd left him three days previously, and never n-sight of him had he seen-since. Bedad, and it was too bad of him to leave him up there working Alone. Color! It was more than they -could carry. Every pan was worth thirty dollars, and he supposed Jim had gone off on a spree—bad luck to him! But Jim was not in the village, nor liad anybody seen him,and Grogan was ^Ustressed. Nor did Jim appear for five days, or at all, and during those live days Grogan remained in camp, drinking pretty heavily, and reviling his partner for his absence. Of course, we all made various surmises as to the cause of Jim's disappearance, and all were equally plausible. There was only one thing for it, however, and that was pending his- return Grogan should go on with the claim. And he did. He worked almost night and day, and when the sheriff came down from the town prepared to escort the hag back, it was -freely calculated that Grogan was worth a hundred thousand dollars, and the claim not yet a quarter worked out. Speculation rose as to what had become of Jim Burrows, and it was freely Dinted that Grogan knew more than he cared to tell. One night a few of us xrent up to the claim (stealthily, it is true), and Grogan did not know we were coining. We had not disturbed him. either, and when we saw ;lrim lying full length before his lent, life face covered with mosquitoes, and the'Jog fire before Mm playing its light -on his body, we inst passed by, and searched amongst the diggia^su for it had occurred to us that we might find the body of Jim Burrows Ivinjr kr&mid.; But we didn't, and we sneaked bade to the village as mystified as ever. The whole summer passed and the waariier-came down. Gradually the noise about Jim grew less. He'd fallen over tfoe gnlch, perhaps, and bad been carried itde the big river. Any- way, -he was not the first man who had •disappeared suddenly, .-and, pending evidence, the only thing to do was to do nothing—which in an expression which -*5i:ogaii himself might have used. * a .-i i? it 9 -1 .was back in England, I had failed. ..only hoar oi tlie successful goldmiiiers; you don't hear much of the failures. I had spent my little all, aiad had returned to my native country—not •with hopes sliatterwl.as noveHsts would but jti.st keen on resuming my <,ia occupation, and thinking- that in that work, at : «iiy rate, there was a living, :ind fierhftp.s It would be more <;ongeniai in Lojidoh iUv'Jii with the mos^mi/ies of Noiah-WesUiita Canada and its cold. It was not a vwy ambitious programme which S. ha*.! in* ppivl out for mysoir. rab- dfinite'. of times, is not the sort of thing -w Iii<-Ii most, men woaid yearn for, juJhhou^tj the box of a hansom is froquejilly occupied by men who /mce knew somo standing. But I here is something almit the life winch tfives a fillip to exist.euee. and even when it was hard io insfce the yard money. I never felt quite po down as when* I was struggling—vitfttly struggling—tV a sight of yellow aqwngaf the pand of my ,digger's pan, Gradually. but all too syrol*". amidst he whirl o£ Loudon life ttts \uemory o£ y experiences in Canada, receded uud became duller; but all were brought back to rue of a sudden one day, aud that was wlien I was c-vawling along the g«t*W of Piccadilly, eyes all around me —K such could lis the case—on the cteinee of a fare. It was a dull, misty eight In November; the streets wore almost deserted, and I was about flicking up my tired liorse, so as to get to Piccadilly Ciivus, when I heard the hail from a club quite close, and went to it like a shot. A tall. bearded man, well aix-a^th got into tin? cab and gave me directions to drive to Euslon .station. I at once whipped up, and was soon bowling through the side streets, but as 1 went thoughts began to run rapidly through my head. Whore had 1 seen the man inside before?—ami 1 had just mined into the Tottenham Court road, when like a Hash it all come upon me. ;i ml i knew my fare was Grogan. Tin- lirs! tiling thai 1 did was to pull up. i lie next to get off the box, the third to lear open the doors and to shout out: •Why, Grogan, don't you know me?" I had expected him to start forward, seize my hand and shake it, and say, "Well. I'm blessed! Fancy seeing you here!' But he did nothing of the sort. He simply stared hard at me, and said: "What in the name of Heaven do you call this? Are you drunk? My name's not Grogan. Get on to Euston!" I was knocked back, as you might say, for I saw I had made a mistake. I apologised as well as I could, got up on my box again, and in a few minutes was saying, "Thank'ee" for the halfcrown which my fare handed me. Though it was not: Grogan, yet during the re.sr of that night. I could think of nothing but him. It was certainly a remarkable likeness, anyway, and the more I thought the more vividly came back my memory of the times in the goldlield, and Jim Burrows and his claim, and of Grogan and his partner. Days passed, and the little incident began to have less interest for me. But one day, perhaps a week later, I was driving near the Marble Arch, when who should I see but my fare walking along towards the gates. I looked at him intently, and now I felt sure that I had made no mistake. I whipped off the box, caught hold of a newspaper l>oy, told him to look after my -horse's head, and the next moment had turned and followed the man. T reached him in a few strides, passed him.faced about and looked him square. Yes. it was he—there was no mistaking him this time. It was Grogan, and as I looked at him I saw his face turn pale and his jaw drop. "Come, Grogan," said I, "it's you after all. Well, I suppose that now you are a rich man, you have forgotten your old companions of the diggings— eh?" He gasped, and I saw him turn as if about to run, but I cauglrt his arm and held him. He looked around hurriedly. "What do you want with me?" he said in thick tones. "Shure, and wlift^ do, you want to talk to me about diggings for?" His eye ran rapidly over my costume, and lighted on the metal badge which dangled from my buttonhole. "Ah, yes," he said, "I remember. You have your cab here?" I jerked my thumb over my shoulder. "You will drive me to my club?" I nodded. "And," said he, "I will tell you all." I said no more, and in a. few minutes I was driving my old companion of the mines to his club. "You will come inside?" said Grogan, when he had alixd>tfid "I can't leave the cab," said T: "but — and I looked him squarely in the face— "I will take it to the yard, and will join you in ten minutes." And I did, and in a quarter of an hour or less was seated with Grogan in a private room, and listening to one of tlie most outlandish stories that ever I had heard. Grogan started off by reminding me of the disappearance of Jim Burrows from the settlement. "And," continued he, "I know very well that some of the boys thought that I had had a hand in his disappearance. Let me tell you straight now that there was nothing of that sort of thing. Jim was gone one morning when I woke up, and I thought that he had gone down to the village. W hat else could I think of? I waited two days for him, a-s you know, and he didn't turn up. I came down to the village, and he wasn't there. Where was he? Nobody could tell me. I went back to the claim and I worked it. I worked it for nine mouths, and you left, I tliinkjust before I did—just before I sold the property and came to England. But let me tell you what I did. I made one hundred and fifty thousand pounds out of that claim, and my first action when I got to England was to put seventy-five thousand pounds aside." "What for?" I interrupted. "For Jim Burrows, and I will tell you why. Because exactly one year to the very day on which Jim Burrows left me, I saw him come straight into my room, sit down before me, and talk to me just as he did on the night he left me. Terrified? Shure, and I was that, for I thought it was a ghost before me. Jim spoke to me, asked me about the claim, and then he spoke up, and told me that half belonged to Mm, and I eaid yes, it did. 'And you will keep it for me?' said .Tim; and I promised him I would. Promised him, I say; but it was a ghost I was speaking to. I know it was a ghost, for I could see through him; and though I heard liis voice, it seemed to come to me from the air, and not from human lips. When I went over to him to see whether I was right or not, Jim Burrows had vanished. "Now, you will laugh at me, perhaps, and think that I have been brooding over Jim's disappearance so much tliat my brain has gone a bit; but exactly one year from that very night I was in Paris. I was walking down the Champs Elysees, when .suddenly 1 found someone walking beside me, and heard a voice in my ear. It was the voice of Jim Burrows. 'You have not forgotten," said he, "that half that claim is mine? You will keep it for me, won't you. old man?' 'I will keep it for you,' i said; and then we got into a crowd, and I saw no more of him. That very night, when I got home. I drew out my cheque-book, and I wrote out a cheque, payable to the order of James Burrows, for seventy-five thousand pounds, and, see here;" and Grogan pulled out his pocket-book and extracted from it a slip of paper, which he handed to me. It was a cheque made payable to the order of James Burrows for the sum of seventy-five thousand pounds. "When he will come for it- God knows. 1 hare tried every means in my Erower to lirni out something about him, v;Jirt his peopl»? are. but 1 can't. Over in Canada. ev<-ry commissioner, every fltejift- on the diggings ha* got my ad- :md it' .lim liurrows oom<\« back— veil, there's his money." This was. indeed, & peculiar talc, but more was to follow; #nd hero I put ii on record that Grogau acied lowanlji me like the gentli-man I not think he w;iN. Seventy-livo t !ioii?»;ui(l pounds is nut a heap of money in tlu<se days of millionairess', but Groga.n harj invested his well, and was iu husiuo.ss. and I threw up my cubbing and went hi with him, aud 1 changed my opinion ol' him right away. t About six mouths passed, aud the month of .Tune arrived. Ovo^ui came into the office on the moiniug of the sixth day, aud asked me to follow him. I went into his private room, and we sat down. The daor was closed, and then Grogan spoke : "Do you know what the <irh of June is:" asked he. "The (Kh of June," T replied. "And do you iuicw what the Gth of June was lour years agoV 1 pondered for a ii].:ui«.-nt. and then ivmombered, "Yes. the day when .Tim "Huitowk appeared." "That's why 1 have oallvd you in," said he, "because I feel as certain as I am silting here that -— There was a knock at the door, and in answer to the peremptory "Come in." a clerk appeared. "A gentleman to see yets, sir." "I am too busy to see any one." said Grogan. "But stay—who is he?" "lie will not give his name, sir. lie wants to see you on private business." Grogan looked up, and his gaze was fixed on me. "Can it be?" ho muttered and then turning to the clerk, said, in a loud voice, "'.Show him in:" and the next moment there walked into our presence Jim Burrows iu the flesh — no ghost: and as he came I saw no shiver or start on the face of Grogan. I simply saw him take cut his pocket-book, extract the cheque, and while Jim Burrows was holding out his hand and saying, "Shake, old parduer," Grogan shook his hand, and between them they clasped a cheque for seventy - live thousan-l pounds. "What's this?" said Jim. "Your share of the claim. .Tim." "What* the claim up in Canada;"" "Yes—seventy-live thousand pounds. We clcared a hundred and fifty thousand out of it. We went, in partners, and there is your share." Jun looked bewildered, and ran his fingers through his hair. "I don't understand," he said, "what it all means. I deserted you because— do you know why, Grogan?—I found a claim better than ours, and I went up over the hills to work it. I deserted you because I had found another El Dorado, and I didn't want you to share in it; but I went there without food, and though I worked and worked, what could the color bring me? Only the sight of wealth, but not a speck of food For three days J worked like a madman, digging out great nuggets of the stuff aud lying them around. Then I really went mad — mad with hunger, and I wandered off south trying to find you— trying to find the village: and I remem ber no more until a few weeks ago, when I found myself in a madhouse in San Francisco, and they told me that I was known as the mad tramp, who had walked all over the States, and who had come to.San Francisco. "They locked me up, and there I remained all those years, until my reasou came back and I remembered all. What did I do? Straight back to Canada went, to find our old village deserted, the claims exhausted, everybody gone. Then I thought of the El Dorado i had discovered, and which I had deserted you for. I got up a caravan and went to search for it, and though I searched for it day in and day out I could not get a sight of it, for I had forgotten where it was. And I came south again, and as luck would have it, I came on a mining camp, and they told me all about you and where I should find you. came straight here to ask your forgiveness for deserting you as I did, and tMs—this"—he looked at the cheque, ana i saw ins e.y<_»s--m-ctc .-.•tt^toid^p t -.;<i. tears—"tliis is what you do!"— "Weekly Budget." 