Xgnes Fatui. BY A BANKER. AMOXC.ST t1i<5 natural phenomena which, so far, has not been satisfactorily cxplain < d by. scientists, and even at this clay of advanced knowledge remains an unsolved mystery, is the strange lambent flame which hovers over churchyards, marshes, and undrained swamps, scientifically known as ignis fatuits, and popularly ter med Will o'the Wisp* Jack o'Lanthorn, and other fanciful names. This strange fire, if that can he called a fire which does not barn-varies very much in appearance. Sometimes it pre sents the aspect of a ball of fire dancing and rolling about over the marsh in play ful glee, now and again, perhaps, when striking against a shrub or other obstruc tion, scattering a shower of smaller balls, which in their turn wouldda ice and play about, not necess r.iy, howjver, in the ws' e of tl e parent ball, w! i;h continues its wayward career, now shining with a fiery red light, now changing into a yellow or amber, then fading into an undefined greenish tint, to burst put again into a purple blaz?, the ellectric illumination, at length, perhaps, after gambolling about in quite frolicsome mood, ascending "high up in the air until it is lost to view. And sometimes the mock flame presents a more weird and ghostly appearance. The belated wayfarer, who is traversing a low-lying churchyard at "the witching hour of midnight " sees, a short distance from him, a spectral presence hovering about the tombs, which his terrified imagination immediately regards as a dis embodied spirit, a veritable ghost. The phantom apparition faintly shines with a quivering sort of lambent flame, some times slowly receding, sometimes advanc ing, the frightened nerves, of tho terror struck wayfarer exaggerating the harm less illumined column into a menacing ghoul escaped from the place of punish ment. and seeking in vain for the mortal remains of its former fleshy habitation, and,, resenting his intrusion, momentarily intending to seize and carry him off to some terrible i lferno. With palpitating heart he fl e; away, stumbling over tombs, until perhaps at length in the darkness he pliinges headlong into an open gra/e, and is discovered the next morning by til2 gravediggers in a pitiable plight, and gradually recovering from the horror of his abj.;ct terror. 'And .all this bee mse he is so utterly simple and wit less as to believe that there are such things as " gh s s; " and to imagine, that it would be permitted that lost souls should be al'o ved a respite from the place of punishmi nt in order to frighten a few silly girls or intellectually weak men 1 For we m:.y be quite certain that souls in Paradise, ev^n if they had the. power,, would not wish to do so, and would pre fer the glo'ies of the third heaven to mas-, querading in a sheet in ail obscure village churchyard at dead of night. It is, however, unquestioned that sor cerers from the very earliest ages have had the occult (and Divinely forbidden) power, by means of what is now called hypnotism, of making even a number of persons congregated together, believe that they can see objects which have no real existence, and can even in some cases compel persons to believe that they have seen a " ghost." Some of the'mar; vellous tricks of indian jugglers appear to be produced by this agency, as the detec tive camera, which cannot be hypnotized, incontestably proves that the extraordi nary events which we believe we have seen with our very eyes did not take place, but were only an hallucination pro duced by the wizard's hypnotic power. Sometimes, in the gloaming, the ignis fatuus playing about at the edge of a morass is a strikingly attractive- spectacle, but woe be to him who attempts to pur sue one of the dancing fairies, for it will probably lead him into the morass,; into which he tnay~- sink deeper and deeper down, the more he struggles the quicker his living entombment I And just so is it with the sill)' youth who, in the pursuit of so-called pleasure, finds himself sinking deeper and deeper into the miry morass of sin, whence the only possible means of rescue is by laying hold of the hand of Him who has atoned for those sins, If* he refuse or neglect to do this the horrible pit must shut her mouth upon him for, ever !-68. : . ^ 