THE SERMON. THE COMFORTER. By the Rev. W. G. HINDLEY, Vicar of Holy Trinity Church, Kew. John xvi., 7.-"It is expedient for vou that I go away, for if I go not away, the Com forter will not come unto you; but if I depart I will send Him unto you." A regret has been recently expressed that in the arrangement of the ecclesiastical year so little attention is given to the doctrines relating to the Holy Ghost, the Comforter. On Whit Sunday we celebrate the outpour ing of the Holy Ghost, and on the following Sunday the solemn mysteries of the Trinity are brought before us, with no intervening Sundays for the consideration and realisa tion of "the promise of the Father." The complaint, however, loses its foroe when we remember that Whit Sunday is not the only day devoted to this subject. It is the climax of a period of fifty days. From the Pass over' to the . 'Ascension, from the Ascension to/lPentjecosi, the subject is constantly brought Wore us. In the Goapel from which jtlfe itexfc*' is taken our Lprd speaks of the^wtfafciqn of His own departure to the coaning^o^ihe XJomforter. The dis ciples were sad arifl--t^^bled at the'lhought of separation, for 'which they were informed the hour had come. The Lord reassures them; it is no unforeseen accident, for which no provision had been made; it was part of a Divine plan, and for their good.. "It is ex pedient for you that I go away." A HARD SAYIXG. The saying was a hard one-the very oppo site appeared to be true. If He had said, "It is expedient for you that I go not away" they would .have understood it, and believed \ it readily. They lieeded, or thought they needed; a visible head, not an invisible one; a leader, whom they could follow. They needed, and those who suoeetled them would need; a standard of authority, to whom dis puted questions could be submitted. One section of the church would some day make claims that other sections of the church would not admit. How simple it would be if only He remained, for inquirers to send to Him, and by telegram or cablegram receive an answer that would be final on a thousand questions that have vexed and torn the church from that day to this. He knew well the trouble that would arise sooner or later. "Nevertheless," He said, "I tell you the truth, it is expedient for you that I go away." It was expedient for three reasons, the first of which was ' EQUALITY. A visible head, a local presence, would of necessity involve a - spiritual aristocracy which would be neajj^be sea^f govern ment, and an unprmlfge£*pi4tiial demo cracy which would be-distant. JesuS could never have &aid;?_"\Vhere two or three are gathered togefcfceV in My name, there, am I inthe midst of them,'' unless He,c*6hanged. a visible,! bodily/presence for an . Invisible spiritual ^pr^^nce-^t "being..agaijist the truth of Christ's natural boay to be at one time in niore places than one." The second reason was universality. The Holy Catholic Church needed, and needs, a universal Parousia, unlimited, unconfined. The third . reason was, tliat" for purposes of EDUCATION it was expedient for Him to go away. It would be pleasant, no doubt, to have all our difficulties settled in this free, easy, and ac if: oof ^irar^'W^ a "'] krtejvIe^e ^f J&pgttagea;, mathematics; and ote t^nc^^^ariaiag; but. if is pot learning is is a^factorin ingtHe character cf xhfelJivijiesociety called the church;. . ( The History df the church lias verified our Lord's words, the expediency of the i Ascension has bfeen proved at all times and! in all places whtere the Comforter has been i received. The same, however, cannot be said when He has hot been received. The church has too often contracted the habit of either not taking thjs promise seriously, or of applying ittd other terms and conditions than those that obtain in the present time. Yet nothing could be more definite, "I will send Him unto you," "He will come." Nothing could be more solemn. It was spoken just before JBspatesion and death. Nothing could bp more important. The fulfilment?, guf-- syofthiecy.. the quicken Injt flf: Jibe ; the giving of lift, the expansive power of the churchy all depended on It. If there he no gift' ofi the Spirit, Calvary was a mistake. "Ye are yet in your sins." If the gift bfe not received the'ehurch is dgad, the; preacher is dead, and the people are dead. The word of life is become a word of death. THle one important thing is to receiy.e the gift, or to fulfil the condition^ of tl\e.gift. Thus we shall be endued frith"power from oil high: local fcndtemporal triviMitifcssrill ge their importance^ eternal. realitiea will ^There-'will be-16 our midst Whibh ^li be' . -t with life anjl notfeltat .times >the power of thig jgjersonal influence. $CVorie%HiW£W*tyordjs with Mw«r,;>a|« iiibtiher ^tvM^Mlme68v;itself. ?'?.Yet the thoughts-are theearbe, hie own bodily and mental health not different; something someone-other than himself, makes all the difference. May I illustrate this by AN ALLEGORY. One Saturday night aminister liad a dream -whether Making or.-sleeping, deponent Hayeth not-^a dream of i murder, or-ratter, of an-alleged: murder. One.Sunday^morning a dead sermon Was found in thfe church; It was not an uncommon occurrence, but there happened to be a spirit of inquiry abroad just at that time, ana it was decided to hol<L an inquest. The jury consisted of norma!; persons, and the inquiry was conducted by a Well-known advocate, called ;:Mr. Biting Criticism. After the body had been viewed the jury was quite satisfied that it was really dead-and that there were no marks of violence to indicate how it came by its death. The first witness was the minister, who said he had seen the deceased, and identified I it. "It was a poor thing, but mine own," i he said. "It had been alive; he had known ] it for some time, and for cdays it was his i constant companion, walking round the study with him. On several occasions he ] had brought it to church, wjien no one else was there, and taken It up and down the silent aisleej.had stopped before every pew, and had expressed an earnest hope that the deceased would grow up. to be of service^ to the various occupants. He had knelt with it before the altar, and when the coloured light from the eastern window had fallen on ' it, he had great hopes that it would be vigorous and strong. In fact he had great hopes of it until the Sunday he brought it into church-when suddenly it oickened and died." . . Cross-examined by Mr. Biting Criticism. Admitted that be had heard of "skeleton 6erimons." He believed , they could be , bought for about eighteenpence a hundred. | Would he tell the jury how these "skeleton j sermons" were treated? Witness said they i j were placed on the study table, stuffed with ! dry facts taken from a Biblical Dictionary, j j clothed in loose and flowing language-de corated with scraps of poetry taken from 1 ! a ready-made book of quotations- arranged 1 alphabetically; then they were galvanised 1 I into movement by tricks of elocution. Even j tually they were exhibited in public for j j about twenty-five minutes, and then put by j t for another occasion. Would the witness j be surprised to hear that such productions ! were too dead and dry even to rot? Wit-1 i ness said he would not bis eurorised at any- j i thing. I Mr. Biting Criticism warned the minister : j to be careful in answering the next ques- ] j tion. Was the deceased sermon one of those; 'stuffed, decorated skeletons? Witness said he would swear it was not. The next witness was THE "DOORKEEPER, who said-he knew the deceased slightly, but j could not say whether it had ever been ! alive; he only knew ft Tvas dead enough j when it was preached. Had he seen any persons in the church who might reason-1 ably be suspected of killing or injuring the 'deceased? .Xes,.sey.eral. On«that morning he had eeen four , suspicious characters, ! Envy, Hatred, Malice, and a young person (called Levity. The.witness had watched , them carefully. Envy carried a knife called "evil-speaking," Hatred carried 'another called "lying, and Malice another called "slandering. Malice was-a very small man-and ap peared very impatient-frequently con sulted his watch, which closed with, an os tentatious click, quite loud enough to kill some sermons,' and to make most sermons feel a little sick. He knew Levity, and had known her to commit unprovoked assaults on a person called Attention, who sat in the next pew. Levity was the great enemy of worship, and had been known to spoil many a service and many a sermon by winking at boys, by | talking on herhnnda, by sniggering. Witness j was asked if "pniggering" was not an un pleasant wordtcKUee in relation to a lady witness; said"-would not use the word in reference to-a ->? Uady."v - - Levity, however, ! was young-and would soon know better. In cross-examination, witness admitted that he had known sermons that could not be killed by Envy and Co. One was preached by a man called Peter. Envy, Hatred, and Malice were there,, with red hands; and Levity ridiculed the whole affair and said (hat the preacher and his associates were drunk, but they couldn't kill the sermon; it was alive to this day, and nearly 1900 years old. THE CHCnCHWARDENS were examined, and in their evidence ad mitted that a great number of sermons had been killed in that church-and there was nothing intrinsically improbable that the deceased had been done to death. The crime was often committed. Still, they could not see 'that they were' responsible. They had done all they could to pre serve order and decency. They were in a sense responsible to the Bishop-and in cer tain circumstances were bouiid tp report ito" the Bishop ; They had known some sfe'ruions killed by Bigotry, but as fair!, as their m: fluence went, they had discouraged Bigotry* j from, coming to church at all. Bigotry hkg tried, but had been stopped at one transept" 'with a bundle of colonred fetoleBJ.-,a. manual of confession, and a .censer,. At the other transept he h«ra tried' wJth a lnrge slovenly papep pa^oel . of, .seiysa. tionnlisw, and a., bpok entitled 'iobject' to. eveiythingj",.while, at the westernndooi^, a* bold attempt had been mad'e to puTO'dowri the . doorway altogether by means of? * hammer called "destructive criticism:" But* after all thev -could not be eVery^li|re^ and cases had been known in whicli, with "a churchwarden at each- door, Bigotry - had slipped in by the vestry door, and taken a seat in the pulpit. They did not think that Bigotry had much to do ivith the death of the deceased, but it might have had a little. Members of the vestry were called, and gave general evidence as to the watchful ness exercised by -the vestry." ?mfe*br two of them came in sh^p collision with Mr. Biting Criticism, and charged him with knowing more about the death of the sermon than he cared to admit. The choir gave evidence, and one of the members said the organ had done it. It had lulled two Psalms one morning, and had mojrtally injured an Anthem in , the evening; it wascapablftof anything. He. did not think the choir bad done it. At the end of a long inquiry-much too long to repeat in detail-the jury wae about td bring ihan open verdict of "found dead/' when an aged mnn named EXPERIENCE asked to be hefttd/as he had made a close study of critaes of this kind, end might help them. He said he had "heard the evi dence, but could not Agree -with all the w it-1 nesses had eUted. He said the deceased, like raatiy other*.' b'od died of suffocation.1 He had nottcfed tbatthe Christian Church wa# curiously ^gst^pte4»^wi Ijh y&m;&ifiiar;: ^ventilation (aip £e£u$pn could st&bffi.;'j »''tpe^fKpWW tiny panes of glass, dark glass,' .thjit coula be used to admit or keep out light and air. That these panes of glass corresponded in number exactly with the number of the members of the church. That on each pane the name of & member was written, and no one but the persofe whose name it bore could open it;''and each member}! ad a key called faithful-prayer; Tlie jight and air mentioned- were ~fcnbwu bv the name of Holy Spirit or Holy Breath. When the windows were open the Holy Spirit came, and the sermon mur | derers were powerless. If only one was open ' it was almost impossible to kill, though theymight injure it. When the only window : open was that of the preacher it was rather ' stuffy" and close. .Yet still life was pos sible. When the minister's window was closed and other windows were open, then the sermon would be alive in spite of the minister; but, as a rule, both were open or I both closed-like priest like people! "In I order to put my theory to the test, I would ] suggest," said Experience, "that the ejtperi I ment be tried." The jury agreed; and on the very next ] Sunday a sermon-a very ordinary sermon indeed-was brought to church. The con gregation consisted of the same persons 6A before-normal - person#-Envy, Hatred, Malice, and Levity. Mr. Biting Criticism sat in the same pew with Bigotry. From the very first a change was noticed. It was a very ordinary sermon, but the pulpit ] caught fire, and-the fire spread to the choir, and all down the'nave. The north and south transepts fairly blazed, and not even the. draught from the western door could put it out. Everybody wondered, but some re membered what was said by a man with a camel-skin coat-"He shall baptise you with the Holy Ghost and with lire." There never was such a service since the day of Pente cost. Envy and Hatred looked like angels, J and Malice said he would rather ijump on his watch than make it click ostentatiously. Levicy jv^rej'sgSther j kind of smile; -and BfgotfyrV~;'stood | at the door trying f trt '-Vh'nke hands with people he had 'called jh^retics, as they went out. The churchwar jfehs wereglad, 1 and the vestry fairly beamed.'' ftitertr^Burer (looked as if hehad not a euigl^ c^fe i^ tha | world, although-it-was'^'eH he j had some debentdjc&icdmf;&g; ^®hne one remarked to Mr. B. CrifciteiStn tlfet^the minister had excelled himse3f,":jind i&Vex; I claimed in surprise,'"The i^|ter! *gthe j minister! This is the Lord'sultting, slid it is marvellous in our eyes;" and on tafj^yoc . casion he spoke the truths/As feffc^he j minister, he w»s.ve^, very .(jijfefc. ? hoine,aud immediately jci^rwEi^ila^jfi^dy and shut the door; bnt his wife Jras very curious, and was listening outside. She could not hear very distinctly, but she thought she heard-"Bless the Lord . . . my soul . . AH that is within "me, blegs Hi* j Holy Name." The Holy Ghost, the Com ; forter, had come! : ??? The jury never brotigtit In a formal ver dict; but everybody knew how to keep ser , mons alive, ond bow! to make tbem effective. "He that hatli^ars to hear,letiriin hear!" 