[?] XCOXPEBTE ' IX TWO TXSTAl.VEXTS.' bv; ' -.-v- -' / v' ETHEL TURBIER. c'OPYMOnr. (Continued,) In 'the nfternoon camo a lady visitor to the hoiL-ic, and ns tho mptlici AVUH'oqt' she made her Avar to tho nursery for an hour. : Dora, as usual, took the onuti of entertainment upon herself. Sho ordered aftornooii. ten and beg-getl the lady to como down to tho drawing- room to drink it. . v ! ' ' But perhaps your mother dues not like all tho little ones iu her drawinroomp" ,',thb. ludybaid. Dora lauiglicd. . Ifffhotild think not,0 she said. ; " Jimmio; nnd Jaek 'Huiash everything they ionoh, and even Mehi broke her little sngar'btmin last Aveok," niirl mother hncVhud ifc fourtcon years. Wo will leave them all here, of cotirKQ?" 'y But tho visitor did not ffcem as overjoyed as sho might have done nt the prospect of a teto-ii-teto with Dora, aud tho painful colour that hau rushed to Mohu ffensitivo littlo face ut tho rccfnlluution of the unhappy breakage madf ' n wish to stay and coinfort her. 41 . nild rather Imvo the tea here, Dov»i,,> sho said, and carcssad tho bunch of curls Meta had pinnod on the top of her head while she- plnyod 8ho'iVu!i a lion pursuing Juak; - ; " Oh, very wall," Dora answerpd, with- a littlo fyrown tip Inugh \ li but on your own head be it: - There never -were' noirior little monkoys of children than oura." . The i tou cum'6' and aviis distributed/ porii sitting upright on a. chair and holding it in hor hitnd in grown up style. Meta potitioned for a littlo in her 'doll's - enp, fiiud drunk it Hitting- oil tlio floor with a chuir for table. And 'Jiminio und Jack catnc coaxingiy round and pleaded for "mist ono hikkbv :,md ono icklo drop of teii," and were given two each, und fed with great merriment with teaspoons- ful of very sweet tea, fiexpite Dol-ji.s perpetual remiuders to them that they were "worrying." Dora then recited ' The' Buttle of Hohen- ' linden " und ''The Wreck of the Hesperus," ; without n false worth After tlmt sho said trey nud avoirdupois measure, cotijugatcil tlio vnrb parier," and gave the La tin numerals up to twunly. Tho 1 vibitor- would . have1 departed hurriedly only that her train was not due for nearly an hour. ; i . should like to hour wlmt Meta can (lo now," she said ut last, Aveariiy. Mota only blushed and began to undress" her doll very qniekly, Oh, Meta J" said Dora, with a laugh of good-imturod scorn, "shn's a dreadful littlo iliitieo yet, but I daresay she'll grow out of it wiien she's older. Can yoti boliovo it ? film's turned eight, and tho other day when she wrote to Aunt. Jessie, sho wanted to say 'you would ba surprised to sou how fat Tiny's Ich are getting, aud how tall Jilumiu is,' und Aviiat do you think she did ? Spelt 1 sur prised surprised ' and getting ' with one t, and 4 Jiminio ' with ouo m, and ipstead of would' she put wud' and small i's all through tho letter iustead oi capitals !" But tho lady only kissed Meta alfeetion- afely and said she avus quite sure Aunt Jossio understood it, and loved tho little letter better than if there Imd been no fault. At which speech Dora siurocl nt her incredu lously. "Slio doesn't even know her ordinary tables," sho said. " Unolo Albert is- always jiskitig her 'eight sevens ' and nine eights,' and she never reincmhsrs." : I did "say fifty-six last time, Doadie," said Meta in a lav/ tone, her checks pink. " Yes," answered Dora; 44 but you en id sixty- three,' too, for nine eights.' " 4tOh," said the lady, who was young aud merry. " bother lessons. I thiuk nino oights ami oitfhft scvons arc the inost disagreeablo things in (ho Avorld, !Mota. Don't you worry about rhem, pet. They'll- cbmo right Avhen -you're older. . Don't let us talk about thhlea and lessons when it isn't time far them." y She's a dreadful littic goose ubuut oLher things, loo," Dom said, .smiling at' tho same time m quite a kiudly way on her sister, for Avhom sho had tho warmest affection. - 'iYhab do you think? film's, eight— eighth andai quarter— and she's as afraid of the' dark as cunbo. Sho wouldn't go upstairs after tea if there was im ono there, for anything you could give her ; and it's only tho Inst month or 'two mothor. lms got her into tho wnv of going tn sleep without, u light. She Thinks ghosts aud bogies aud hobgoblins uuino out and wander about as soon -us over it gets dark." But Meta, who hud gone redder nnd redder as this fault of hors was, expound, burst into tears at lust, and hid her face on the visitor's knee; she avus .most painfully ashamed of this weakness, and Dora was constantly lousing her ubont it. Tho .lady-; could contain herself no longer. Sho drew the aobbing child on to her knee anil soothed lior lovingiy. But on Dora she bout a wrathful look. 44 You arc a c:ruel. bad littlo girl, Dora," sho said. 44 You may bo clever, lmt I would a thousand tiincu rather havo Meta ; no one could lovo a girl liko you, Dora." ' Then it was Doi'u'h turn to go away nud hido herfidf in a quiot room and cry. What could it he that made f visitors so unkind to lior ? What avus tho fault. In lier that caused Meta tn bo always preferred ? She went over tho speeches carefully, hut it was a.yery long timo before it dawned on her that she had been thoughtless in saying these things about Motu. 44 Sho is a silly littlo goose about thodark," alio contended to herself. 14 1 only mud just what was true. But perhaps it wasn't kind to say it before strangers ; it's all right, of course,, to timse her when Ave'ra alone,, heuauso it's my duly to get her out of her silly ways. But, rev it was unkind to sav it before rfmfc lauy. And poor littlo Mi'ta crted ! . Oh, how horrid of mo!" Sho hastened downstairs with uli despatch. The visitor had gone, unrl Metu, Tpiite happy aud forgotfol again, was u Avhule Kwnnniing on tho nursery floor,' whilo Jinnnie and Jack warn terrified littlo fishes sho was trying to catch and swallow. tl Oh," uriod 'Dom, darting upon hor and flinging loving arms round her neck. 44 1 was a horrid thing, darling little Mete, do foririvo mo." ' Tho Avhulo had to sit up and thiuk.hard before it kuuw what it had to forgive, and iiVtho interval tho Jank-fish, - grown holder, - tweaked its Imir, and tlio Jimmio-flsh swam right uudor its no3u. 4 Oh," sulci the littlo girl, witli herimddeii, suuslnny fljiiile, 44 it's all right, Doadie dour,' I don't eare.l' ; , ; But Dora novcr ropdnted in half- measures. 44 Hero's my pinlc ohooolato box for-youj" she "said,,, ana my slioll . heokluoe, . und' whore's your ' Arabella, Mdt'n? I'm gbing to crooliot her a now bonnqt." a ItVas a week'latdr. however, and ut hight|' that" tho great - shook ( canio to her hitherto iniprpguahlo fortress of solf- ostoom, mid mudo it bbifih to totter nufHoionHv for hiinnniitv to gain foothold. ' Tlioy Avoro all Jn bad m usmil, und it avus elovou o'clock/ . Tlio. .tAviu« wore in thoir orib in- tlio inner room; Jirahiio .and Jack -wore sound. risleop, ;aud Mote and :Dom AVoromled duly tucked- ' boiioath tho > clothes of ' thoir reHpccUvo beds und fur away in, dreamland. Dowhstiiirs -in; - tlio distent : driiwliiktroom thoro avus a whist: party und mother, drossod in' a pretty bluok grenadine dress Ayith a pink chiffon ruffle, round, hfcr 'ueok, -lobked; "bright und gay onough to dcaorv'o tho term "young mother. " that sho hud rofusod before. ' Fanny, the.nuisonmid, lind run up two o throo timos during tbo ovoning to soo now the twins - fared, but it \ vtw olovbn o'clock nour; and. sho whs; busily/engaged helping tho houseinnid Avlth tho sfippuiv ; 'Arid something ; mado Mete wako— miido' tlio Avhitq eyelids lift themselves off tho young oyeBto.ehoAV'them whnt avus 'gpiug-on 'iri the adjbihing shadowy room. Tho balcony 'doors woro opou for tho, cool night air 1 6 blow hi ;and Mote's eye's;; si\y,- 'before-, tjioy fairly realised ' this Was ho 1 dream, , a mun'H black figure climbing over tho biiloohy railing just hdiero a'supporHhg piHa'tAvihied round Avltli honeysuckle; cpinmnnicHted with 1 tho 'ground beneath. Sho wiw t liim' oomo stealthily in through the doors, .'it black; felt: hat , pulled half over liis 'faco,. and . watohedv,,him In absolute fasoinatioh step 'lightly to th'e dress ing table -and softly opon tho' drawers .where mothoriH, brooches and rings and bracolete.und' watch reposed, ' Tho noxt minute, hor byes, still fixed ou his. .broad, big bauk, shb . flipped out of- bod. nnd noisolessly into tho-iiioxt, ono. And .DbrH's oyes filled- with terror .woro staring there, tod, und Dora's trembling was shaking- the bod. . ; "Donlt screatn," she Said to" Meta"iii;tho tiniest whisner. v v ' ' . Meta riodaod faintly. Iu tho imemorios of hoth of thom was ndreadful/oaao tlioy/; had .heard the "scrvunte discussing; where a burglar, interrupted in his work, hud turned round and tried to kill everyone around, women and children us well as nion._ .. v . "Wo must lie quite still," said Dora's almost inarticulate whisper. " If we don't he'll kill ns.V ' . The twins 1'J . gasped Meta below, hor breath. "If thdy should wake and cry he'll kiU'thein.", ' _"/ ! Dora" shuddered violoutly. " " Porhups thoy won't wukej" sho said. . Mcta oluug to hor. lier hcart beating. Avfldly. "PcrhapH they Ayill," she "said. Dora hid her head beneath tho olothes. MOh, hush, V ahp said. .But Mcta's starting byes' were fixed on the room beyond, Avhero she could no longer seo the mau'a figure, for.he had pub out the night light and was using only a little lantern on his wrist. Oh !" she said again in a piteous Avhispor, .,f porhiips they will, 1)6%'! ; ! ; " H'ali !" sjiid Ddra.agam; :ind pressed the clothes still tighter round her hoad. : ' . But Mcta's imuginntiou saw the man stopping over tho cob, saw tlio faint, fair Miiiles of tho tiny ones, then a Icuifo blood- red.' i ' " " W"o must got father, ",gho said.. But'aguin Doni said 41 H'.sh," nurl tried to fitill her breath . lest it should bo heard. She Avas absolutely incapable of tiioving, aud lay in her hot stifling position almost para lysed with' 'terror. But little Meta nlipped out of tho . bed and forced hor trombliug limbs to carry her to tho door that cominiinioated with tho two rbcriis. In thcli own room there was no other door, and the only' wuy of reaching downstairs wuk through the room Avhero the twins lay. For one' libt, terrible moment tho child crouched, 'hidden iu tho flowing mosquito aidts of Jimihio'h and Jack's cot that stood Iclosb to the door. Dom. finding herself alone in hod, nnd with the new four for her littlo sister's wifctv be fore her, uncovered her oyes to look, and by -a faint , moonbeam saw for ono instant just heride their own donnvay tho little night- gownfrd figure, with its strenming curls. The door to the passage lay at the far end of tho room. On the right sido stood the big bed and the littlo cot with ir.-i sleeping babies. On the loft side stood tho drossing-tablo and the set of drawers that- the man was now ' rifling. . And Mela's heart failed her. To get help she must pass actually within two or three feet oi him. Perham» Dord wns right— per haps the babies would not waku, and he would go away, coutent with the jewellery. But the next moment Tiny stirred the least little hit, aud sighed in her baby dreams. Tho irmu turned his head sharply at the sound, .und for a second scorned disposed to make an escape through tho balcony door. But then ho lifted his lautoru higher and turned it ou the cot, und fouud unbroken sleep there again to rcussuro him. So he .wont buck to the drawers again. . And Mote was nerved now. Tiny had stirred restlessly once. Any moment now . she might Avuko and cry, and bo killed by tlio terrible kaife she doubted not the man held in readiness in his hand. Like u little mad thing she flow through tho room und out of the door. Dora heard her bare, pattering feet on tho landing oilcloth, and then on tho stairs. So light were the littlo foot, on tho bedroom carpet/ tho man had not heard thorn till thev word past l:irn ; then, though ho took a couple of stops after her, tho flying nightgown was too swift for him. Dova heard a terrible oath, then alio saiv him spring across tho room through tho balconj doors, and clumber over thorails. The next minute tucro wero ah ours and sounds of men running : lights Avore flashing everywhere, Avild confusion reigned, and the twiim and Jiminio nud Jack, waking simul taneously, began to cry", each in tt different key. Downstairs Mote was lying senseless on the sofa, Avitli two Indies looking after her. rliio whist party will never forget that poor litrlo Aviul-eycd fijfiiro bursling iu on their lust rubber, sobbing/ Tho. t-twins!" and 44 B-burglar !" in a choking voice, and fuiut- iug iii a heup at\ their feet. The mon rushed upstairs then to give onus.) ; tho women and servants ran to comfort and reassure all the little ones and to minister to Met n. Tho man avus never oaughr, Jjub iu'tho hurry of his departure ho lind dropped nearly all the valuables ho hud collected, so, except for the fright, an old-fnsluniicd ring and u brooch or two, and a bracelet, it might be said that, house owed a debt to him for his unsolicited cull. 4 \ For no ono could doubt it was tho cause of tho introduction of Dora uud humility. Her reformation could not, perhaps, be said to be iih sudden and complete as that of riotous Prince Hal, but certainly from that timo "consideration like un ungol cumc, and whipped the offending Adam out of her." For cvou ou the occasions ivlien she herself forgot, and grew scornful or smiled in a superior way when Meta found eight, sevens made sixty-three, or'parserl cut " as a verb oa tho ground that it 41 does something," hor father .and inolhor and tho Hsrvmits nover failed to press the advantage. The word 4 'burglar " was held ready hy them, like the sharp point of a needle, to pierce tlio hull of hor self-esteem at its smallest inflation. Indeed, so natural' and unremarkable alio grow in tho course of lime that shfe- avus found, not utiseldpm, herself sugaring bread and butter for Jimmies find Jack— and thur iu tho yory mhiiio monotonou rtrefoh of time known an "betweou meal-v' : tjik Ji.m 