Perils of the Diver. I In spito of tho fact that no deep-water I diver over goes down without feeling that tho I chance is by no means remote that ho has L looked for the last time on the sky atid the 2^ earth and all ho loves, there is a fascination B*^ about the life that few divers, after becoming I familiar with it, have ever been able to resist. I This seems tho more singular, because no I divor, shut up in armour and held down in I tho depths by a hundred pounds or moro of I weights, can over banish entirely tho thought 1 that a little stoppago of the air pump, a leak I in his' hose, or some Blight carelessness on the 1 part of his tender in tho boat abovo, is I sufficient to bring down upon him the I weight of a mountain and crush the I life out of him as in the twinkling of an eye. 1 There is always danger, too, of the diver I fouling his life-lino himself by catching it on 1 -some projecting' splinter, or around a sharp 1 edged timber, and in his haste to release it he ? may precipitate tho castastropho of which ho ? stands the most in dread. There is no sound I down there but tho intermittent wail and i moan, wail and moan, of tho swaying waters H all around and above, and yet seeming far B ^way. There aro up wavos in those depths, ? only a mysterious swelling and swaying of tho 1 -waters. Foundering vessels, especially sail 8 ing vessels, fi-equontly sink so squarely that H tho divor who goeB down to woric in uiom H finds them resting on the bottom as trim and mptt^ neat as if they were still ploughing the sur Vm& faco. It is a weird and startling sight to ?P^ como suddenly upon a full-rigged vessel far H down in the solemn depths standing erect upon H her keol as if sho were dashing away before H Iho breeze in the sunlight and freedom of tho H sea above. It is a sight uncanny and ghost H like. Tho moaning sway and swell of the H waters gives a soa-sawing tossing motion to H tho spectral craft, which is all tho _ moro H (spectral because thero is no creak of timber, H| no sonnd of straining ropes or grinding kool. MB Tho divor might climb tho rigging, walk tho H deck, or go down into the sunken cabin as H xoadily and easily aa if ho wore a sailor and H the vessel wore sailing along with only tho H eky abovo hor — but ho can't help tho intrud HB jug thoughts of death. ' I have gone down H to bottomB many times, engaged purposely H to roloaso tho bodies of men, women, and H children, who wore known to have perished in H mocked vessels, and I early bocamo sou-. H Bible to any shook, feeling of horror, or H| oven uneasiness in soarching among sunken §H wrocks for corpses. But there camo a H time when I could not go down simply W& to recover {roods or valuablos, no ono having ra| boon carried to tho bottom with tho vessel, i^SSJh -without being constantly haunted by tho JK«*' dread that some dead person would rise BBF . suddenly from some part of tho wreck and H confront mo, or that corpses were floating in H tho wator abovo or around mo. That feoling Wa came to bo a part of my work from an Kg oxporionco I had on a wreok not long after I HI became a divor. . I had gone down to recover HH a valuablo cargo from a vossol that had « fouhdorod so suddenly that tho captain and H ' crow had barely time to escape by tho boats. MB Tho wvooklay. -in- ninoty foot; of. wator. 'It ^B was badly brokon up, and rocked and sway3d ?9 in tho watbr so that I kept my balanco BjB with difficulty as I worked, among tho H timbors. I 'was prying and 'chopping BS -my way to tho hatches when from some H place about the wreck, but from just where I BB nevor could tell, a dead man roso suddenly in fig front of mo. The covpuo was not moro. than B9 10ft away, orect in tho water, facing mo, and BB Boomed to mo exactly as if it had risen in Bn alarm at my approach. Tho man had died Bfl with both hands tightly olutohing. his breast. BB His open mouth, widely staring eyes, and HB distorted faco made such. a pioturo of horror as H I hopo novor to soo again. Tho corpse stood ?fl a socond facing mo, and it seemed to mo as if Bft , its horror was of mo and because of mv fe presence tlioro. I stood as if paralysed, such §[ , was my tori'or. Tho dead man roso at last \\. toward tho surface, and in such a way that it i dooponed the impression that I had disturbed him in his sopulohro,' for it was for all tho world as if ho were fleeing from mo. Several times, before tho corpso disap ! poo-rod beyond tho lino of my vision it turnod ? in tho water and scorned to gazo back at mo -' with that haunting look of horror, tho hands still clutching tho breast. After tho body had gouo out of sight I triod to proceed with my work, but I was so much unstrung that a fish ifjwimming by or tho air hose flapping against mo gavo mo siioh painful starts that I had to signal to bo hauled to tho snrfaco, and I it was a long timo before I could summon I courago to go down again. Never after that I could I go down a hatchway into tho cabin of I a stinkon vossel at such times without shudder j ing ovor tho thought that psrhapa somo poor I victim of tho wrook was imprisonod thoro, I and that ho would suddenly bo roloasod by 1 tho lurolyngs of the hulk, and appear to mo I in all his swollen, wild-eyed horror, notwitli 1 standing that all tho timo I followed diving I jiHtor my first startling experience I nover I camo again faco to fi'ioo with an unoxpootod \j. corpso. ThoonoIonoountorodonthatoooasBion gyk must havo boon tho corpso of an unfortnuato Mr Btowaway, for none of tho crow knew tho, i dend man, nor of his presonco on tho vossol. I Divors gdt big pay for their work, but as, 1 thoro aro a good many in tho business, and I jobs are somotimos far between, thoy do Woll I if thoy avorago moro than fair wages, taking 1 tho year through. I have mado as much as £100 I in a month, but thoro woro a good many 1 months during which I did not make a shilU 1 ing. Pull of peril as tho lifo of a divor is, it I is safoty itsolf in comparison with tho lifo of i a Bailor. J would rathor . tako my olianoos, I nino timos out of ton, in going to tho bottom I and working thoro among tho ovor-prosont I dangors that bosot tho divor than to sail ? boforo tho mast. I didn't quit tho lifo of a ? ' divor booauso of its porilR or its hardships, I I followod the calling ton yenrsj and aftor I escaping Avith my lifo by tho narrowest ohanoo I from threatening and immhiont dangors on I tho uncanny bottom, fathoms ' and fathoms I down in tho subtovrnnoan gloom, I was oom H pollod to abandon diving by an -accident that 1 happened to mo in tho full light of day and JL while broathing tho froc uir of ,hoavou, with Smi no sign or. danger uign. i was proparing to By' .go down to Bearoh a1 wrook. Before I was sflj ready to dosoond a huavy chain foil from tho HJ dornok of tho wrooking Hdow I was on, just BJ missing my head and Htriking mo on tho right H shouldor, crushing ovoi^bouo in it. Tho ac J8| cidont oripplod mo ho tlmb I was unnttotl to BJ rosiimo work nun divor, and Iroluotantly H abandonad tho profiwHion that had so much BJ fascination for mo. The divor who wont HJ down in my'plaoo on that wrook having boon BJ down long beyond hho titnoit waHpossiblo.for Bin nny ono to rotnain in ,tlmb wator, tho mon BE abovo lmulod him up. -.Ho was doad( his lifo lino having been cut by a jagged Piec{\ °* iron on the hull. I don't know whether that might have happened to mo or not if the chain hadn't fallen upon mo and prevented my going down. Perhaps it might.' ? 