SIR TRISTRAM. By Mary Bradford Whiting. Published by tpeciaX arrangement iriffc Messrs Ward Lock 4" Co.t Ltd. all rights reserved, CHAPTER XYII- The 17th of October whs a date graven upon Hylda's heart in living letters. In the days of their engagement she and Richard had devised many sweet aud fan ciful observances by which they would celebrate the anniversary of their first meeting, and in eplte of the cold shadow that had crept over her life, she could not even now think of it without a thrill- Might it not be possible that a return of the well remembered season would wake softer thoughts in her husband's mind and turn tho autumn of the year to spring ? It was a faint hope, but she clung to it and would not Jet it go, and as the day drew nearer she resolved to ask him once more to s£o down to tho Manor with her, for she felt that if he were surrounded with the same scenes there would be more chance of old associations rising to life again. She watched her opportun ity, and finding that he was gratified by the newB of his father's consent to Ellen's engage ment, she took advantage of his good hnmnr to propound her scheme 44 1 don't see much object in it" he said, when she had finished speaking. Hylda felt chilled, but she would not give up at once. 44 Yon naed to say that we would always spend that evening in my old study," ahe said, 44 so that we might feel again as we felt when I had been longing to see you, and yon came to me through the flood." Her voice trembled a little as she spoke, and Richard was not quite untouched by the memories that she recalled. One eaya lots of things at a time like that which one doesn't mean," he re marked, 44 but still I don't mind if you are very keen about it. Besides, I aup pose we must.see yoor mother some time or other, and it is a iesser evil to go there than to have her up here." It was not a gracious acceptance, but Buch as it was Hylda felt glad of it, and ehe made haste to write to her mother before he should have changed his mind. Mrs Oarlyle was only too thankful to get the letter. A stronqer-minded woman would have resented their long neglect, aud a woman of deeper feeling would have felt too much pain at the thougfit of it to be able to look forward to tho visit with any pleasure ; but Hylda s mother thought less of the separation from her child than of the awkwardness which that separation entailed, and she Jas so re lieved to be able to announce her coming that she had room for no other thought. Hylda's engagement and marriage had been a topic of interest m Stowbury for more than the proverbial nine days, but time had done much to wear it out, and had it not been for the fact of her lengthened absence, it would b» this time have been pretty well forgotten, but when month after month passed by and nothing was seen of the bride and bride groom, a delightful field of aptculaticn was opened up. aud the gossips of the neighborhood were not slow in taking advantage of it. Many and various were the causes suggested, and Mrs Carlyle had much to undergo in the shape of m- nendo and condolence. If Lady Carlyle had been in her sister- tn-law'« plaoo no one would have dared to qaestion her on the subject, but Mrs Carlyle was open to general attack, and if she had had courage for such an en terprise she would have left Siowbury altogether. But relief had come at last, and her only regret arose from the fact that though Tristram was away from the Court, his mother was at home. Yet even her dread of ' arriet's galling uriti- clams could not rob her of bur sense of triumph. Hylda said nothing of the probable length of their visit in writing her first letter. She had asked her husband how long he could stay and had received no answer. 44 Do you think you could spare a week ?" she asked. 44 Oh, yes," said Richard impatiently. 44 I'll spare six if you'll let me finish my writing in peace 1" This was clearly an exaggeration, bat after Buch a speech Hylda felt justified in telling her mother that they hoped to bo able to stay a week or two, and Mrs Oarlyle set off to the Court at once, armed with this fortifying newt 14 It is so thoughtful and considerate of them to have waited until they could really take a good holiday," she said ; 44 if they Had juat run down for a Suu- day, It would only have made me miss Hylda more afterwards ; but now I shall have them for quite a nice lout; visit, aud we shall have time to talk to our hearts' content. The argument was a specious one, and Mra Carlyle was quite convinced by her 'jffn eloquence as she spoke, nor did she interpret her sister-in-law's silence as die aeot ; but in truth it was rather surprise than disagreement that kept Harriet from replying. Whatever Cecilia might say, »lie was certain that Hylda was unhappy, und she was amazed that she should risk a visit of several weeks' duration under 1'fr mother's roof. An unwonted sense compassion prevented her from speak ing her mind, however, and for once she allowed her victim to go unacathed. The news of Hylda's approaching Arrival was duly trumpeted throughout Stowbory, and every time that Mrs Car- Jyle made the announcement, she took care to add the fact that their stay was to be a long one. Mr Weston is so very much occu pied," was her formula, 44 that he really never has a moment to call hia own ; and they are so devoted to one another that they cannot bftar to be separated. Aa eoon as he could poaaibly get away for a long visit they wrote off at once, and they will etay as long as ever they can " TUo explanation sounded well, and as DO one liked to suggest that there was nothing in all this to prevent Mrs Carlyle from going tu fitav with them, her satis faction was unmarred. 44 I shall certainly ask Mr Weston to bo good euough to come and speak to the jrirls," said Mtsa Elton, when the news of the expected arrival reached her ears. 44 1 am sure he will be glad to do so, be cause he met Mrs Carlyle here, you re member." She beamed at the governesses across the supper table, and though their enthusiasm, was scarcely equal to liera, they were not indifferent to the thought of seeing Mr Weston again. He was un longer a knight of romance, but still it would be distinctly interesting to meet a voyage r from that sea of matrimonial blisa of whirii they had read innumerable -descriptions, and of which they had even dared to dreara. The 17th of October foil on a Tuesday, .and Hylda had proposed that she and Richard should come dowu on the pre- -ooding Saturday. It was late when they arrived, and she could barely see the outlines of the house as they drove up iu Tthe gathering twilight- Her heart was beating fast, now that the actual moment -of meeting had come, but. as the damp sweetness of the autumn garden was wafted across to her, and familiar sights and sounds pressed upon her on every aide, the past year seemed to drop away from her like a vision, and she was a child once more Her cry of pleasure, as ahe sprang for ward to meet her mother ended in a Bob, and there were tears in her eyes that she could not hide. Mrs Carlyle thought it only natural that she should be moved by her return to her old home ; she felt a good deal fitirred herself, aud kissed her daughter again and again, while she held out a welcoming hand to Richard. Richard had .took the hand calmly enough, and stood looking on at the BCeue with a superior smile He was always amused by what he called 44 femininities," except when they hap pened to interfere with him, in which caBe he swept the in aside with a ruthless hand 44 We might Btandfor a tableau of the Return of the Prodigal," he remarked. Hylda drew bcnelf quickly away from her mother's arms, and tho lineB of care on her face re-apj>eared aa if by magic, For there waa sufficient troth in the words to give thom a sting. She kuew well enough now that she had demanded her hare of this world's goods with reckless impatience, and tho bitter sus picion had begun to dawn upon her that she had utterly wasted her substance ; but she knew that Richard had no such thought in his mind, and that his taste less remark was simply born of the lip. 41 I had better go upstaira at once," she said ; 41 we must not keep dinner wait- ing." 44 It is quite delightful to have you here at last," said Mra Carlyle, aa they went upstairs hand in hand. 44 But of course 1 know that you could not come before. Don't think that 1 am blaming you, dear ! I have told everybody how considerate I think it is of you to have waited until you cou'd pay a good long visit." She paused for no reply, bat prattled on of a hundred thingB as she watched her daughter's preparations for dinner. Uylda felt a strange sinking of the heart as she listened to her ; nothing had been further from her intentions than to make a confidante of her mother, and yet she had had a secret hope that she should find the strength and comfort in her counsel that had been lacking in the past. But as Boon as she came face to face with her again, heard her voice, aud caughl the tone of Dor conversation, she knew that any such hope waa vain ; nothing was more unlikely than that her mother should guess at anything that lay beneath the surface, and even if it was plainly put before her, it was evident that ahe would take good care to ignore it. To keep up appearances before the world was not enough for Mrs Carlyle'a satisfaction, ahe must deceive herself as well as her neighbors before she could be thoroughly comfortable. Tho evening passed off better than might have been expected ; Richard wbb not inaensible to the pleasures of the table nor to the impression produced by hia surroundings. The fine old house and the handsome furniture might bo treated as objects of scorn when they were out of eight, but it was undeniable that they possessed a certain influence over him when he was brought into contact with them. Hylda watched him anxiously at first, but as dinner went on she acknow ledged with surprise and relief that ho was more Iik- what he had been before their marriage thau alio had ever yet seen him. 44 More like himself," she would have phrased it; but tlioao who knew Richard Weston best could have told lier that he waa less like himself to night than he had been at any time Bince their wedding day. 4 1 did not ask anyone to meet you this evening," said Mrs Carlyle, 44 for I thought that we would have one evening to ourselves. There are plenty of people longing to see vou,and several invitations have come for you already, but 1 have nut iked anyone yet except your aunt aud Mr and Mis Chesterford, who will dine with us on Monday." Hylda looked at her husband in sune alarm ; she had never dared to reveal to. him that she had held out a hope of a lengthened stay, and she dreaded an outburst, of anger- Ho said nothing, however, bad or good, and when he followed the ladies into the drawing-room, lie took up a book which he liad brought with him for review, and left the mother and daughter to their conversation. 44 Here is a note for you, Richard," said Hylda. goin?? into the library next morning when the church bella were ringing. 44 It cam© yesterday, but it waa only given to me just now." Richard had juat struck a match, and he waited to get hia cigar well alight before he took tho note from her hand. u Are you not coming to church?" she asked, with some dismay. 44 Not 1." returned Richard, carelessly ; 44 I have something else to do." He took up a manuscript that lay on his knee, aa though he expected to be left in peace, but Hylda div not move. 44 It will make a very bad impression if I appear without you," she said. 44 Stay away, then," said Richard, watching a ring of smoke curl up into the "You know that I cannot di that. I think you might have a little more consi deration. " Richard lifted his eyebrows at her tone, but he was not angry yet. 44 It would make a much worse impression if I yawned all through iho prayeis and slept all through the sermon," he said ; 44 therefore, I am only consulting your interests when I stay away." 44 But there is no necessity for you to vawn, or to go to Bleep either," persisted Hylda ; 44 do come, Richard, it would make me so happy." "I am afraid you must bo unhappy, then," Baid Richard, taking p the note and opening it- 44 Leave mo alone, now, there's a good girl, aud, perhaps, I'll go out with you this afternoon. Hylda's heart swelled, and she felt helplessly miserable, but even so she would not show resentment, and she laid her hand on his shoulder while he read hia note. 44 What a nice letter I " she Baid, for getting her troubles for & moment, 44 I always did like Miss Elton. You will go and give her girls a lecture, won't you 7" 44 Not if I know it ! I have done with pattering platitudes to schoolgirls, thank goodness, and I am not going to be caught liko that. It is a great cheek of her to allude to our meeting there, especially when one cau see with half an eye that she wants to secure a lecture, as an idvertiBcaient for her school. She is rather mistaken, 1 can tell her, if she thinks 1 shall make mj'self cheap in that style I " Hylda looked at htm indignantly, but she did not dare to remonstrate. 44 Will you let ine answer this note?" was all she said. 44 Oh, yes," said Richard, toBsing il over to her with a laugh, 44 you arc afraid shall wound her little feelings are you I am much Ioj wary to make blunders oi that sort ; but, still, if you liko to do mj lying for me, you are quite welcome tc the job." 44 It is Buch a comfort to me, dear, U see you looking ho well and bright," saic Mra Carl>le, when a few minutes late: they set out for the church. 44 Your ann said you were pale when she Baw you, ba I told her It was nothing but London heat.'' Hylda had conquered her impulse to throw herself upon her bod and cry when she left her huabaud, her eyes were shining with a strange lustre, and there was a vivid spot of color on each cheek ; she had oven fcund time to ran upstairs and pat on a white bonnet which sho had at first discarded as too smart, and the congregation gazed at her admiringly as she walked up the aisle. All through the prayers ahe managed to keep her thoughts at bay, but when the sermon began not even tho familiar tones of the old rector's voice could silence them any longer. She had told herself inauy a time that she ought to hold her own with Richard, and that it lay in her power to make him what she wished htm to be ; she had told herself so. but Bhe had never found conrage to make the attempt until her return to her old home had lifted for a moment the weights thai held her down, and the only result had been that she was more despairing than before. She felt utterly cast down and weary, and the knowledge that ahe must hide her woes behind a smile seemed to add the last straw to her burden ; but the smile was ready as soon as the service was over, and her greeting to her old friends left nothing to be desired. Richard had apparently forgotten his promise of taking her out in the after noon, for she found a note when she re turned saying that he had gone for a long tramp, but should be back by dinner time. She glauced apprehensively at her mother aa she told her, but Mrs Carlyle was not so enamoured of her pon-in-law's society as to feel hia absence otherwise than a relief : hia nominal presence waa all that she wanted, and ahe was only too glad to have Hylda to herself. Richard came back improved in temper by his solitary exercise, he may even have been a little ashamed of himself, for he took pains to be civil to Hylda as well as tu Mra Carlyle, and when conversation seemed to flag he offered to read aloud to them. 44 If only he would be like this always." thonght H ylda, as she watched his dark head against the light and wondered if it had been only obstinacy and self-asser tion that she had idealised into strength and power. But such thoughts were fatal to peace of mind, and she banished thern with tho hope that nothing would happen to bring back her husband's black mood. Such a hope, however, was too bright for fulfilment ; Mrs Carlyle announced at breakfast next morning that Mrs Chester- ford had written to say that her husband's brother was with them and that he would very much liko to accompany them in the evening, and Hylda saw in a moment that tho prospect did not please him. 41 It was so fortunate," said Mrs Carlyle cheerfully, as she dispensed the tea, 44 Jennings was going to Stowbury on an errand, bo I wrote a little cute and sent it at once. Mr Craven will be here, but still we should have been a gentleman short, and though it would - not have mattered for an informal party, still it is pleaaanter to have the right number." 44 Is Mra Jennings any hotter than ahe used to be ?" asked Hylda, hoping to change the subject. 44 OJi, yes, my dear. I got her some medicine from an advertisement that has done her a great deal of good Mr Chesterford gave me such a scolding when he found it out, and Roy told his brother that he was committing an act of schism in reproving one of Mr Craven's parish- ioners. You know his amusing way. He is so much improved since he has been working with Tristram ; 1 aui glad you will see him this evening, he and Richard will be sure to find plenty to say to one another — he is not a dull dweller in the country as I am 1" She looked at her son-in-law with a conscious smile as she spoke ; it waa an uumistakeable opeuing for a compliment, and in spite of her age, Mrs Carlyle had not at all lost her love of flattery. But Richard did not seem inchusd to take the opening, he sat tapping his fork on the table, while his brow grew darker and his lips more compressed, and Mrs Carlyle looked at him in surprise. 44 You are thinking about ynuv letters 1 expect. Richard," aaid Hyidn, feeling that, she must do something to improve the situation ; 4' do you waut to catch the early post 7" 44 No," Baid Richard, looking up with a scowl, but remembering luckily that, he was not at home, ho forced his miiBcles into a smile. 44 1 have a good deal of writing to do notwithstanding," he added, 44 so, if you will excuse mo, I will go at once." 41 It is quite delightful to see dear Richard so devoted to his work 1" mur mured Mrs Oarlyle, aa the door closed behind him. Hylda made no reply, ahe found her mother's determined optimism trying in the extreme, but pride kept her silent She had thought that she should have to exercise the greatest care in warding off dangerous topics, and with the inconais- tenc3 of human nature she waa alrnont disappointed that there waa no need for her precautions. Mrs Carlyle insisted on taking a rose-coloured view of everything, and now and again a chilling suspicion crept into Hylda's heart that she did it purposely, and not because she wa'i blind to the fact that clouds hung over her daughter's sky. It was no doubt the , prudent course to pursue, but she wondered sometimes where she could 1 tarn for aid If the storm should burst upon her. No one who saw Hylda enter the draw ing-room that evening would have guessed at any secret sorrow in her life. Richard had often told her that if she were always bright and happy, he should always bo in a pleasant humour ; the retort was an obvious one, but to toll Richard that if ho were always in a pleasant humour Bhe should always bo bright and happy, would only have pro voked some of the scornful remarks that ahe learnt to dread. Ho looked at her with more softness than he had done for a long time, when she stood before him ready to descend. 44 If you always louked like that, ' he said, and though the speech carried a sting, it waa so long since he had spoken any word of admiration that it brought the colour to her cheeks. it had taken Mr Chesterfori a long time to forgive Hylda, but, as ho had no right to take up the cudgels on his friend's behalf against, that friend's distinct com mand, he was ready to meet her in a conciliatory spirit. Hylda was on hci mettle, she talked her beat, and entered into everv suoject with such ease and vivacity that the Vicar wsb fairly aatonishod. 4 1 don't think ' ever saw anyono improve so much a3 Mra Woatou," he ex claimed, enthusiastically, as they drove l homo that evening. Roy conld not forbear a whistle of amazement. I ' I know you never thought she needed j improvement, aaid his brother good f hutnouredlv. '4 but to my mind the T change is extraordinary. Her husband , must have more in him than I ever imagined, for her crudities seem to have j vanished away !" j 44 On that principle yon might advocate r marriage with a grindstone," remarked t Roy, " there would be nothing like it for t wearing one down to a uniform polish." But, clearsighted as the Vicar thought himself, it was not with him that Lady Carlyle would have agreed that night ; as a rule she differed with Roy on principle, and yet as she drove homewards and thought of her sister-in-law's complacent expression, she uttered the oracular words, " I wonder whether we shall live to bo glad or sorry that Cecilia was born without sense !" CHAPTER XVIII. On the morning of the fateful 17th of October Hylda woke early, and as soon as she was dressed sho crossed the gallery and opened tho door of her old study. iVith a touch of superstition she had kept a way IIUIU U1U I UUUl O.UWJ she g'ancod around her with an expectant gaze when sho entered as if tho ghosts of her past and tho visions of her future were waiting to greet her. The blinds were down, and only a faint gleam of light stole In through the windows, but as she raised them she Baw that it was a true October day ; heavy clouds floated over the sky, great gnats of wind hurled themselves against the trees, while in tho distance tho river rushed stormily dowu through tho sodden meadows. It was just what she had longed to see ; for her oaake as well as hur husband's she the old associations to be reviBd as she stood by the window sHher mind dwell once more on her HBtroduction to the hero of her dreams!® A step iu the gallery outside broke in upon her thoughts. She raised her head joyfully and hurried to the door ; Hichard had not forgotten his tryst 3 44 Come and look!" she said, taking his hand to lead him across the room. 44 It is so like it waa a year ago ! '' 44 I hope to goodness it iau't," said Richard, 44 or I shall never get to the station " 44 To the station ? " Baid Hylda, loosing hia hand suddenly. 44 Ygb, I've been looking For you to put my things together. I got np early and have had my breakfast already." 44 But where are you going ? " 44 Back to town, of course. Yoo didn't think J was going to stay more than two days in this deadly hole, did you ? " 44 But Richard, mamma thinks we have come for a long visit. " 44 Indeed ! 4 Mamma 1 must be unde ceived, that's all. Make haBte, there's no time to lose." The color had all ebbed away from Hylda's face, and Bhe was looking at him with a dismayed expreaBiou that roused his wrath. 44 1 never knew anyone like you for making scenes," he said, impatiently. 44 IV hat the use of it is I can't see ; but I suppose you do. 1 wish you would give me a little peace, for a change." 44 1 wish you would give me a little peace," cried Hylda, passionately. 44 J never seem to ploaBeyou now inanything, aud yet — a year ago " "Oh! do stop that 4 year ago' bnsi- ness ! " said Richard, turning angrily towards the door. 44 It is absolutely senseless ; if you would get rid of all your stupid sentiment, there might be some chance of your being some good." Hylda said nothing. She might have learned by experience that, in any con flici with her husband, she was sure to be worsted ; put a refined and sensitive nature into collision with a harsh and oOstmate one, and only one result is possible- 44 A ell, are you going to help ran or must I pack for myself ? '' said Richard, after a moment's pause. 44 1 will help you," said Hylda, in a low voice, moving towards the door as she poke. " It ia really quite unnecessary to make ouchafuss,' he went on, recovering his temper as he generally did aB soon as ho ot his own way. 44 I shall probably run down again next Saturday. It is not to bo expected that 1 should stay down here. You can stay as long as you like, of course ; you say that you want me to leave you in peace." Hylda did her packing silently ; after his abuse of her seutimentality, she could not tell him that the real cause of her dismay was his forgetfulnese of tho tryst they were to have kept ; nothing should induco her to mention it now, an 3 ahe Raid nothing until her task was finished. 41 1 had better gu and see if mamma is dressed " she said, when all waa ready. 44 hat for 1 " 44 You ought to say good-bye to her." 44 I shall miss the train if I do. You've made me late already with your nonsense." 44 But it ia very unusual to go off in such an unceremonious way," said Hylda, 1 who dreaded the comments of her rela tions almost as much as she dreaded her husband's anger. 44 You nep.d not bo always dinning yonr good breeding into my ears," said Richard, as he rang the bell for the portmanteau to be carried downstairs. 44 1 know how to behave, thank you. Come, aay good-bye, there's a good girl." He gave her a kiss, and, taking Qp his rug, hurried off without waiting for a reply. Hylda listened to his footsteps as they died away ; she would not let herself cry, for she knew that in a few minutes she must meet her mother at the breakfast- table, and ahe could not hope to explain Richard's departnre calmly if ahe gave wav to her tears now. Mrs Carlyle accepted lier excuses without asking any questions; alio took her daughter for a walk in the morning aud for a drive in the afternoon, and all through the day her cheerful chit- cliat foil upon Hylda's worn nerves like the continual dropping of a rainy day. She I was thankful when bod-time came, but i she could not sleep, and as soon as the house waa still, she wrapped herself in her dressing-gown, and went to keep the solitary watch in her old chamber. ISoone seemed to have made any ubq of the room since ahe had left it, and she shivered a little aa she set her lamp down upon tho writing-table ; the air felt aB chilly as that of a vault, and the mournful fancy crossed her mind that the watch she came to keep was a watch beside the dead. How many hopes and ide&B; had been born in that room, frail innocents that had been slaughtered by the keen blade of experience 1 She looked sadly at the books tliat>she had left upon the shelves, and wondered whether they felt more lonely and neglected than those Bhe had taken with her, and which spent their days in a certain box at Beryl Villa. But the bookB could only gaze back at her speech lessly, and, sitting dowu at the table, she opened one of the drawers, and turned over some of the papers that lay within it. The first thing that met her eye was the eyllabuB of the lectures that had made such an era in her life ; her hand trembled as she touched it, but forcing herself to the effort, bIio took it out and laid it before her on the table. 44 The Evolution of Revolt. Tho Germ of Freedom. Desire poshing into Thought and Thought into Expression." How well ahe remembered thu phtnees ! Sentence | after sentence of Richard's lectures came j back to her inind as she sat there, and I she conld almost hear his resonant voice declaiming the htgh-aoundmg periods. What a trumpet-peal his eloquence had | been to her then 1 How was it now it seemed no more than sounding brass of a tinkling cymbal ? She tried to think tho matter out dis passionately, as though it were another's , interest and not her «wn. Was it that accesB to her husband's papers had shown her that roost of his utterances were no more than a clover stringing together of other men's ideas ? Not altogether ; it is not given to everyone to be original, and to assimilate the thoughts of others is no crime if they be repeated with sincerity. But here came in the haunting dread ; was Richard sincere in hia opinions 7 She had no doubt that Ralph Rhodes was absolutely sincere, even when he said that every aristocrat aod plutocrat ought to be ground to powder and made into bread for the starving populace ; he was mistaken and extravagant of course, but he wonld have proved his words cheerfully at tho stake. But when Richard poured out the foaming torrents of his wrath against tyrants, aad urged upou his audience the sublime duty as well as the privilege of Freedom, it was no more than 44 claptrap," as he would himself have confessed — all in the day's work, and paid for at so much the hour! With what a sneer would ho silence her now if she were to show him the essay that she took from the drawer, and turned over with a pang of remembrance. 44 Every human soul has a right to its own development. Domestic tyranny is as foul a crime as national tyranny, but it will continue to bo perpetrated eo long as its victims are weak enough to submit." Her pen had flown along the lineawith lightning speed, while her cbee&s; flushed and her eye kindled at the recollection of the spirit-stirring utterances that had awakened her response. She turned to the last page and looked at the blue pencil Bcrawl that had once been so precious to her — 44 An exceedingly striking and well-written essay" How her heart had glowed as she read it, and now she felt as if her heart was nothing but a heap of grey ashes, in which not one smouldering spark remained. Sho pushed the papers suddenly away with a feeling of sick hopelessness ; what waa Freedom after all — she had snatched at it with eager hand, and had discovered that it was only Bondage in disguise 1 Little aB ahe knew it, the very same matter was being discussed at tho same moment in Richard's study at beryl Villa. He had telegraphed to his future brother- in-law that he was returning to town, and tho same hour that witnessed Hylda's bitter vigil saw the two men conversing amid clouds of smoke. (To bt Continued ) 