MDSftY UP WORTH. Mosfcpeople*who heard of the ex ploits of that famous old genius, Bill Adams, at the Battle of Waterloo, tbpught th&t; he was dead; but, ao ! these men never die, for »b long as the world lasts Bill Aflame v»l »e tonnd on deck. He is especially prominent at war time, ana fortified by about four \- inches -of warm rum he is ever ready to take a, little contract in hand, like that memorable one in which he told both Napoleon and Bonaparte to keep off the grass if they did not want to be *et up.' Bill was in his old place (he other day, moored , alongside the counter of a wayside inn waiting for his march ing or any other orders. The boys call him colonel because he is a bit of a nut in his way, and pretty hard to crack. In the presence of several responsible persons he inti mated his readiness with a hundred picked men from the British Army (picked men, mind yer), to whip a thousand Spaniards in the morning (Sunday) ; and, further, there was no difficulty in taking Havana — none whatever; in fact, he was prepared to (take the job at current rates, and a bit extra for glory. Just at the present time, when the American generals tre pulling out their few remaining tufts of hair in thinking over the problem of how to do it, such a powerful ally to the United States would be invalu able. His Royal Highness, Hokey Pokey, Kins; of the Cannibal Islands, once delivered himself of similar sentiments, and went one better than Bill by openly stating he was prepared to eat the enemy afterwards. , With theview of safeguarding the physical, mental, and moral welfare of the rising generation, Father Abraham, of the City Council, wants a bye-law passed to prohibit the children and youth of a certain age smoking tobacco, cipars, or cigarettes in the streets or other public places within the boundaries of the city. Father Abraham has wanted many things since he got into the Council, but his Utopian desires still remain unsatisfied. What's the age limit to be, any how P Has every young man who has fallen from grace and taken to enjoy a quiet smoke to carry bis birth certificate in his pocket, or must be take a 'bus when he wants a smoke, or sit on a log outside the town boundary to save being arrested P No, Abe, old man, you can't make us moral by statute, so say nothing and saw wood. You mean well, no doubt ; so did the mule that kicked the Rev. Shindig WatkinB on the rudder post to demonstrate the affection he had for his master, but WatkinB had to go into dock for repairs, neverthe less. I fear your scheme won't work, Father Abraham, and the only consolation you may expect is a reprimand from the Mayor for spoiling a nice clean piece of paper with snoh a notice as you intend to move. However, as you have the moral welfare of the yonng men at heart, I trust you will bring in a bye-law to prevent certain portions ot ladies underwear being displayed on the domestic clothes lines to public view, as is customary in heathen countries like oars on wasting days. The sight of some of these garments bulging out and wriggling in the wind has a most demoralising effect, and it should be made a criminal offence to have them exposed as they have been for so long. The Oouncil should define an area about 27 miles in the heart of the forest where they could be dried, and thus would the morals of our young men be preserved and temptation removed from the path of the snow- dropper. Fow justice is meted (or rather meatased) out in Tasmania ! All the little rat-holes come first, from enlightened Barnie with its drastic treatment of the unfortunate drunk for believing he was witbinhis rights in expressing his opinion of all and sundrr while in the privacy of hie own cell, round to sandy and sorrowful Strahan, where a young (ought to bt first offender) girl was run in over t disputed chemise at the instance Vf a rival championed by an unsympathetic) bench, and sentenced to three months as a stranger in a strange land in a very dubious case. We have now only to trip away to history-making Evandale aid that Sodom and Gomorrah in miniature, Fingal, to unearth some of the finest and largest specimens of Dogberry and Verges extant, and that is going it strong. The necessity of a peripa tetic shorthand reporter whenever anything is going to be said or done by th* local polio* or Oounoil sticks out very much, and such an aid should be at once retained by the Government if they want to pre vent thlngB collapsing generally whenever the judicial talents of those parts are exercised. A super of police seems to be fair game for most of the councillors, some of whom smart under the knowledge that the super does his work a bit too well, consequently when he is arrainged for high treason or charged with incompetency and demanded to walk the plank the justice meted out at his trial sticks out like feathers on a frog. Take Super Whitham's case at Fingal. Every councillor present lavished unstinted praise on this officer, and the one who was loudest in bis eulogiums was the one who wanted to proclaim his death sentence. Funny, isn't it P It is ' The reason why I cannot toll, but I do not like thee, Dr. Fejl' over again. At Evandale, Fincham, the irrepres sible, the incorrigible, is in trouble once more, and through him war has been declared between tbe coun cillors and the warden. Tbe for mer — one of them, anyway — sub- mitted a motion for the dismissal of the super., bnt the warden would not put it, and told them plump and plain why he acted as he did. He demanded in true Cameronian spirit that specific charge should be formulated and proved before be would entertain snch a motion, and contended in almost as many words that tap-room tattle and street corner sca.ndal was not the most reliable evidence for or against a public servant. We have had to scarify Mr. Fincham on more than one occasion, and made him squirm somewhat; but he does not seem to have been handled fairly in this last deal, and though the warden's action in refusing to put the con demnatory motion may be question able, the councillors should give some reason for acting as they did. The result of this bust up is appalling, for tbe monthly cheques have not been supplied, and the Lord only knows when they will be. Attorney - General Urquhart may have to take a hand in this dirty little squabble, and until then the place will be under martial law. Let us peregrinate to the little oyster town of Spring Bay, where the warden and police calmly sleep despite the ghosts of six children and a woman. They held a whitewashing enquiry, not on oath, after the grief -stricken husband had been watched out of the way. To ?ave appearances and make a pre tence of doing justice (P) they sent him a notice, which of course he conld not get in time, and if he did it was questionable if he could leave his new employment to obey the summons — glad enough, no doubt, to shake the dust of Sprint? Bay and all its horrid surroundings for ever off his feet. ' Oh, Justice, how many crimes are committed in thy name !' Our chief bnshranger up Ringa rooma way writes to tell us that since this part of the planet started turning out cakes of gold the popu lation has increased (at the rate of one a week, sometimes twins, we are promised triplets) so much that there is not a residence with suffi cient room for another occupant without straining the walls, and most of them have been up so long that they won't stand much of that, consequently any others that may come must either bring their houses with them or roost on one of the numerous gum trees adjacent. The spook that used to perambulate tbe town in light and airy habiliments has not been seen lately. Tbe re sult is that on these bright clear evenitgs citizens are mot on the rial to without a barking iron, and can chow the blackest of shark-nose and swop lies witb a gouial indiffe rence and sang froid that betokens a regime of peace and prosperity.' i 