Terrible Burning Accident. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLE3IT ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRY1NGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. Whilo in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr Jar vis hud the misfortuuo to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and beforo he could bo rescued be was soalded and burnt io a terrible way. The shock of tbo burning and tho fall provod to be vory disastrous for Mr Jarvis, and fur a number of years after he was a con firmed invalid, sufferiug terribly from loco motor ataxia, aud other forms of paralyBie. A few mouths age, however, reports began to bo «iroul:ited iu tbo neighborhood that Mr Jurvis was getting round again, and thut he bad bad a meet marvellous recovery from this apparently incuraolo malady. It was ou acoouut of thoso rumors that, a special re porter fiom tbe Sydney Worker was despat ched to get all iuformutiou regarding same, and oue -jfternoon ho laudo liia y,mv to his house, 45 Crown laue, Uliitno. Mr Thos Jarvis wus discovered nursing a two-year-old buby, ana his face de ilared him one of tho happiest men in Sydney. Pie was up aud about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although p.ile uud beariug still a few unrbs of a oritioal illnc60 and a period of pain, it. was very clear that he wasan invulid no more. In reply to tbo prelimary questions he said: — You want to ku. w uli about my oaieF Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The faots may bo of value to thoee who aro stricken us 1 wus.'1 ' How long wero jou suffering F' 'Well, twelvemonths ago I got so bad that I hau to leave off work uud I havo dono nothing 1 in .0 then. About five years ago uoxt Chiistmas I met with an ucoideut ; I was badly soalded while taking a bi-.th in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the aooiient I havo been iu failing health, and ufierlonr years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at tho Glebe Island.' I ' Wuat were the symptoms.' 'Simply indescribable. Tho pains were comethiug terrible. They were just about us much aa I eould bear. They wire for all tho world liko as if a saw were cutting my Doaos iu two in every part ol mo. I had 110 control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myuelf und everyone else. 1 was incessantly univering and sbahiug, and eould neither oat nor sleep, un the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and ho told me my ease was utterly hopeless. Howevor, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' ' Did you mako uso of the order.' ' No : I catne h -me and weut to bed, and bavo biicn pr«'ty nil in bed ever smoo. Five weeks ago I could not walk aoross the floor ; in fact I could not got out of bed. I felt then that it waa all over with me, and only 11 question of days when I would give up the ghost. My dootor was atterding me, uud did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was iu. I waa under him for five or aix weeks. He caino to tho conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxia, a disease of the spinal ehord, characterized by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating volun tary movements. He told rno that I might lust for 10 years, and that I might never got tho uso of my legs. (Just then th patient kiekea his legs about wilh energy to show that medical opiuiou is uot infallible.) Well, just uu o drowning man wili grasp at a straw, I graspod at lv idea conveyed by tie adver tisement describing the ouro effected in the ease of another boiler-maher in England, which I read in tho Australian W or/c mail, by Dr. V/illiuma's Pink Pills lor Polo People. I road in tbo advertisement of a oaso which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, oud sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous ns it was magi oal I was able t' oat aud sleep as though nothing wus tho matter with me. It was tho first appetite and rest I had for muny a day. It was inorediblc. I immediately left tho bed and was able to niovo about. You seo those ciutohes thero ? They ure perfectly now, and I have novcr used them. They were made for mo bofore I got Dr. Williams'' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use tbom, aud cow I don't want tkeui.' 'Hois 100 por ccot better, said Aire. Jarvis, who had come in and tukon tho baby ou her knees. ' Too Dr. Willianu' Pink Pilla for Pale People have saved his life, nud made another man of him.'' A friend who called iu at this point said that Jarvis IooKed ten veurs younger that day than he did .1 iortntgut previous. ?' I oau now,' oontinuad Jarvis, ' have a cold bath, uud all the feeling has como baok into my legs. I ascribe all tho ohange and hem fit to Dr, Williams Pink Pills. They havo saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and fool liko a now man. On the mautelpieoo there is 11 box of opium aud morphia pills which the dootor save me to cieudon tho excruciating poiu. But thoy oau stay where they aro, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me bas boen amazed ut tho change in me. They can hardly believe their own eyes. My being about again has caused quito a eonsation out here.' Such is this remarkable history-, and it confirms what is Said in all tho chief news papers of this country 'f tho astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pilis for Pale People. They ouro locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also th. many disorders which arise from an imnovi r ished state of the blood, such as a- tenia, pale aud sallow oomplexion, geuorul mu nuh r weakness, indigestion loos of appetite, sho.t ness of breath, pains in ihe back, nervous headachc, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M' G owen, leader of the Labor Party in tho N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in conueotion with the remarkablo case of Thomas Jurvis. Mc. M'Gowen says ho hae kuown Jar ia from infancy. Ho also know that he bad to givo up his work at the Globo Islond abattoirs twelve mouths ago owing tn a malady which he developed. ' Hj afterwards beard that Jarvis was bed riddeu, and that thoro was little ohsnceof bis recovery. Ho understood Jarvis was refused admission to Syducy Hos pital, as his caso hHil been pronounced incur able. Mr M'Gnweti was, theroforo, like averyono else who know tho facts, astounded at tho cii'iupltte recovery of Jarvis. Them: wondoful pilU are obtainable from ' leading chuuisis or from the Dr. Williams' j Modietne Co. , Queen's Place Sydnov, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, ono box for 2/9 . or hill dtzen I for 15/3. Sea that the genuin* Dr. Williams' ? am gott«n. 