Cdaptee VI.— A Convict's Sox. Mervyn Rhodes s face was very pale, as with brows drawn together he sat in an atti tude of acute attention waiting for Colonel Roca to speak. 'I respect you for the decision you have taken, but I am afraid it is not one that I should have made. Moreover, it puts a very unpleasant task upon tne.' ' You came here for the purpose, sir, , said Mervyn, somewhat curtly, ' and I beg you to make no further preface.' ' You say you never knew your parents, and that you believe both of them to be dead?' ' Yes. What then ?' 'And that you have no knowledge where your fortune came from '!' 'No knowledge whatever. It has never occurred to me to ask.' 'Well, (he truth is that your father is living, and that your money has come from him.' ' My father alive, and I not know it ? You must be mad,' cried Mervyn, excitedly. 'Where is he? Who is he? What has he been doing all these years not to come near me?' ' That is the very question that covers the mystery. You must prepare yourself for a heavy blow.' 'Have I not been preparing myself all through the interview?' was the impetuous reply. ' Say what you have to say quickly, for God's sake. Can't you see that I have nerved myself to hear anything ?' ' Your father is a convict. Twenty years ago he was sentenced to penal servitude for life.' Mervyn gripped the arms of his chair and sat forward, his face gray and his lips livid with the intensity of his emotion as he stared at the Colonel aud seemed to watch the very wprds as they fell from the latter'a mouth. The blow struck him momentarily dumb. -' lg this the truth ?' he asked at length, in -h voice that was no more than a hoarae, harsh whisper. ' My dear fellow, I wish you had spared me this scene. I am sorry to say it is nothing but the truth. But no one knows it except myself.' ''Peace, man, peace,' cried Mervyn, im patiently. ' It is the fact that wounds me. I care nothing who knows the truth. Is it the truth, I oay !'' ' It is unquestionably true.' Mervyn threw himself back in his chair and covered his eyes with one hand in an agony of dumb misery , while the Colonel watched him with a mingled feeling of grim triumph and pity— triumph because he saw from how the news was received that he should have no more trouble, and pity at the sight of the truly desperate suffering his victim was enduring. Jt was many minutes before Mervyn recovered himself sufficiently to get up from fris «hair, to pour himself out a glass of water from a bottle that stood on a sideboard, and to drain it like a man consumed with a feverish thirst. Then he turned to the Colonel, and the latter saw that his eyes were blood-shot, his features drawn, and his face feaggard looking as though he had suddenly grown ten years older. 'This has hit me very hard,' he said in a voice be could not control ; it was low and hoap*e in tone and quite unsteady. 'Is there anything else to hear? I presume so, or you would not have stayed.' ' You have heard the worst, but if you wish to know all that I know, I am willing to tell you.' 44 How did you hear it ?*' 'From a disreputable lawyer, named fiaston, whom I knew in the city. He had been associated with your father, and himself made the arrangements. He is dead — of drink,' 'Do you know how the money was got together? Was it the— the proceeds of— How was it got ?' 'Your father probably made it by the means for which he waB eventually arrested and convicted.' ' And that was?' asked Mervyn, shuddering And turning away to look out of the window. ' He was the most notorious receiver of stolen goods that the London police ever ?caught. You can judge the extraordinary .extent of his transactions by his life sentence.' ' What was his name ?' ?' He was committed as Richard Dawson. But I believe bis real name was that which you bear.' ' Do you know any more ?' was the next question, asked after a long pause. ' There b only one point I need mention. The news of your father's couyictiou killed your mother, and the reason given by your father for making this arrangement of his property w?.s first safety for it, secondly consideration for you and your mother, and thirdly a provision for himself in case he left prison alive.' 11 Left prison !' the words were echoed as if they had started a new train of painful thought. ' When will he leave prison ?' 11 Under ordinary circumstances he should do so very soon. The tieket-of-leave is given after about twenty years.' 'A last question. How am I to verify the statement you have made ?' 'In several ways. You can ask Mr. Walter Musgrave, who is your solicitor, to tell you exactly how and when the matter and money came into his hauds. Most direct of all, though probably the most painful, would be to see Richard Dawsou himself.' He rose as he siid this, and took his hat. ' One thing more I should add. Should you con template making any attempt to restore the money, it would be simply impossible. No one can possibly know ? ' 'Thank you, I shall rely upon my own judgment,' interrupted Mervyn, shortly and sternly. 'Quite so,' assented the Colonel. ' And as to Wyvern Gardens, I am very sorry for you, and if you like you can have my pledge never to breathe a word about this. Hut of course ? ' ' I shall take steps to verify what you have said, and should it prove correct, of course there will be an end to my wishes. Until I know, I shall not call at the house.' ' Well, then, good morning,' said the Colonel, leaving his place by the door, and going back with outstretched hand. Rut Mervyn put his hands behind him and looked him steadily in the face as he said : *' No, thank you, Colonel Roca. If this news is false you are not fit for me to take your hand ; if true, I am not fit to give you mine. But true or false, I know sufficient of you to be able to read your motive through it all. Good morning.' The Colonel returned his look, aud then with a gesture of assumed astonishment left the room. Mervyn watched him out, and when the door closed he locked it, and going back to his chair threw himself into it in despair at the awful change which the news had made in his life, A convict's sou ! Living on money scooped together by the most cowardly of all criminals — a receiver of stolen goods — a man who prompted and p'anned the crimes which he had not the pluck to commit himself, and/hen cheated the better men out of the proceeds of the thefts — the most despicable of all despicable scounircls. He could recall as he sat there how he had lashed such rascals in the articles which he had written for papers to which he was an occasional contributor. A freak of memory brought to his thoughts the details of such a case which had happened a few months back, in which a scoundrel of the type had bled his victims and hoarded up a few hundred pounds by cheating them. Mervyn's honour and chivalry had been touched to the core by the case, and he had written a bitter and indignant diatribe against the man. A few hundred pounds only ; and yet he himself had been living on the proceeds of fifty thousand pouuds, all ill-got teu with the same kind of muck-rake. And the thought of its bitter irony as he turned his own stinging epigrams against himself nwdc him hot and cold, flushed and pale by turns, as he hovered between the extremes of shame and rage. Aud Mercy ? The thought of her was maddening. She had set him so high on the pedestal of honour, had held him, he knew, to be as sterling and true as herself ; and she loved him. Yet this was a bar— an insuperable bar— between them. He could not drag her down to the level of a convict's son — and such a convict. He could not lower her to eat the bread that was bought by money that came from so foul a source. And without it he was a pauper — or all but one. Without a thought that there was the least reason to question the source of his money, he had spent it freely, as one without need to care for tomorrow or to trouble to work w ith the thought that to-morrow's bread must be earned before it was eiten. He had worked for pleasure. He had been called to the bar, but had never thought of practice. He had written for papers und magazines, because he liked something to do. But it was the work of an idler who writes rather than loaf. Not for money, but for love of the thing itself. This set him thinking and gave him occupation. He took out his account books and set to work to ascertain exactly how he stood in money matters. He made a calculation as near as he could get it to see how much of this hateful money he had taken, and he resolved that every penny of it should be repaid. Not a shilling more would he touch cf it unless it were absolutely necessary to enable him to live. The miserable account was closed so far as he was concerned. He made the same resolve about his furniture and books. Every item that he could dispense with, without actually clogging him in the struggle of life, he would sell, and add the money to lhe sum to be refunded or renounced. He would have none of it. The forming of this resolve and the actual task of working out the figures did m'm good and helped him to think. The first thing to do clearly was to see his lawyer, Musgrave, He left his rooms, and was about to call a hansom, when he remembered that bo had no right now to incur avoidable expense, so he walked through to Bedford Row. ' I've come (o ask you a few questions, Mr. Musgrave, that I want you to answer as fully as you can.' ' You look very grave, and anything but well. What have you been doing ?' was the reply. ' Don't heed my looks ; you'll understand directly. Tell me exactly under what circumstances .you came to handle this business of mine and became trustee.' ' What do you want to know that for ? It s an old story ; quite twenty years old, if not more.' 'Never mind the age. How was it? From whom do I inherit the money ?' ' Now you ask me a question I can t answer, my dear boy ; and to tell you the truth I used to puzzle a good deal over it at fit-flf.' Mervyn's heart sank at hearing this, aud his face fell so that the lawyer said, 'Why, what's the matter? You've got it. You, or we, have had undisputed possession for twenty years. That's good enough for a title, I should think. Why, is anyone claim ing it, then ?' 'Tell me how you got it,' repeated Mervyn. ' Well, a somewhat shady lawyer, named Gaslon, 1 think it was, Henry Gaston— he's dead now, poor fellow, through drink. I'd known him some time before, when he were serviog our articles together, and he used to drink a good deal then. I often warned him ? ' Mervyn made a gesture of impatience, ' AH right. Well, I hadn't loug started for myself when he came and offered me this business. It was not to be talked about, but there was a sum of £50,000 to be handled in favour of « child — you were the child, about four then. The money was to be invested in the child's name in consols with me as trustee, and I was to look after its education and spend what I pleased on it and pay myself reasonable fees for my trouble. Of course I jumped at it ; business wasn't very plentiful in those days— I should ask more questions now. Rut there it was, and as I saw £200 or £XO0 a year in it, I couldn't afford to let it slip. But I've done my duty by yon, boy, I think you'll own that. But now tell me what's the trouble. No one can put in a claim now. Wouldn't have a leg to stand on — not a ghost of a chance. After twenty years. Pshaw!' ' And you never heard a word more as to where it came from ?'* ' No ; the money was paid into a bank. I think later on Gaston would have told me if I'd pressed him ; he got very tulky-talky in his cups — but I didn't want to know. In fact, I thought it better not to know.' ' You never hear the name of Dawson in connection with the matter — Richard Dawson ?' ' Dawaou ? No. Dawson ? No, certainly not in this connection. Gaston's name was give when the money was paid into the bauk for you to my order.' ' Then the connection waB cut purposely, I suppose. You've been very much like a father to me, Mr. Musgrave ; I'll tell you what the trouble is ; ' and he told him. The lawyer listened shrewdly, putting a question here and there, and when he had heard all he sat a couple of minutes — think- ing. 'And what do you want me to do?' he aEked. ' What is the best way to test the story ?' ' I had better see— Richard Dawson, he answered, hesitating a little how to call him.' ' I can do this better than you. And if it should turn out to be true, what then I He can't claim the money.' 'I shall not wait for any claim. I would not keep it an hour. I won't touch a shilling of it except to keep me from bare starvation, and then I believe the food it bought would choke me.' ' Don't talk of starvation, boy. You've got brains, strength, power— you're a man to make a career anywhere. And as for money, well, if you don't let me be banker, you and I will have aboutour only quarrel since I spanked you years ago for taking some of iny grapes when you were home for the holidays. Do you remember. And now, don'tdo anything rash. Just go on as if nothing had happened until I've tested the thing, and then if it's true we'll sec what's to be done.' ' How long will it take to test it ?' asked Mervyn, eagerly. 'lean understand your anxiety. Two or three days— a week at most. There are certain formalities, you know.' ' A week,' groaned Mervyn. ' A week of suspense in which lean do nothing.' 'Go out of to wu. Run over to Put is. Go somewhere aud do something to keep your self occupied— but let me know where a telf gram will find you at any moment.' ' A week of suspense,' was Mervyn's chipf thought as he walked back to his rooms. A week before he dare go near Mercy again. A week before he would know for certain whether he was rich or a beggar — a man who might hold his head erect among his fellows or move among them, the son of a convict felon, who had been educated aud lived on money that had twice been stolen. As soon as he reached his chambers he sat down to write to Mercy, but then remembered he had better send a telegram to Mrs. Haw thorne, explaining that he could not call that day. He went out and sent this, and relurued to write the letter. ' My dear Mibs Hawthorne, — I have had news to-day which has greatly disturbed me, and may affect the whole of my present position and future life. Confirmation or the reverse will not be in my possession for two or.thrcc days, perhaps a week. That is the time my solicitor fixes. Till then I must not sec you. Do not misjudge me. It is because of this I wired to Mrs'. Hawthorne that I could not call to-diy. It in the crisis of my life. — Sincerely yours, 'Mervyn Rhodes.' He read it over several times before putting it in the envelope ; and going out again posted it with his own hands, heaving a deep sigh as, he dropped it into the box. He was thoroughly miserable. 