The Golden West. A WORD OF WARNING. . A prominent roaidont of Now South v Wales, who has spent sovoral months in West Australia and just returned, has been interviewed by an Evening Ifiwt correspondent, ' who asked him hia impressions of thoGolden West. . 'Woro you in many parts of West Australia ?'* : ' YeSi That ia to say Fromantlo, Perth, Coolgardio, and Kalgoorlio.' 'What do you think of the country ? I« it tho working man's paradise— tho El Dorado represented?' 'No, deoiaodly not. ,In my opinion, : and in tho opinion of numbers moro, ^ho cannot get away for want of tho means, tliocountiy is a delusion and a v : snare to thousands who have proceeded .. thithor in tho hopo of bettering their \- position, bocauso it is hard to obtain employment unless one has friends in court. Thoroare few industries, and ?. mining is not to bo relied upon. Of courso, thousands have obtained, and aro in employment, some of those doing . fairly .vrell; , but when ono comos to consider tho cost of .board and lodgings on tho goldfields, tho absenco of home : , comforts/ and the uncertainty of em - v ployment ? continuing, combined with . -the liability- to attaok by fover and \- other ailments flesh is heir to, soonor -or: later,, tho worker in New South Wales is eminently bettor off, ovon if I he eanifl only a third of the wages paid i on tho fields.' 'What is tho state of tho labor market?' : ' Simply glutted. There are every where- hordes ? of unemployed, and without anyprospocts of obtaining em ployment.' V ' How do these men live ?' . ?: ?' To mo that is a mysteiy. Many of them live in tents, or camp with . friends, who. in all .probability aesist them,' as far as possible.' i 'Then you would not rocommend i working men and - artisans to leavo a i colony Iiko New South Wales to pro- i ceod west ?' 'Uertomly not, unless boforo leav ing thoy have a prospect of good em .ployment.' 'What class predominates mostly among tho unemployed?' v 'All - classes — miners, laborers, . masons, carpenters, and professional . men. Only the miners have a ghost of & chance; , I mean tho skilled minors, such men as aro ablo to systematically take up tho work of prospecting and general mining work; Lots of men who i have novor soen a gold mino in tlioir i lives arrivo on , tho fiolds and imngmo that they havo only to set out as dry blowora to earn their living, but thoy -very soon havo thoir illusions dispelled and find tho gamo not worth tho candlo or energy osponded.' ' But don't boarding.houEo keopinq pay f ' : , Generally, no. That is if I might judge : how quickly many who opeu establishments of the kind montioned -soon-have to close up. The high rents and. bad pay bring about this oliraax. 1 roayaiso tenyou that in all orancues of :? trade everything is overdone, and : the cry of bad times is heard daily in every, direction. The boom days are ;- over. -' Even the , newspapers - find it diffioulttoexist, and there are some excellent., journals published ?? on the ? ggld-fields, - written by r talented men, and - published -by 'enterprising indi viduals^ companies, or syndicates.'. . ' Are the residents enterprising ?' ? 'Very. I refer to business men. But many : have been doomed to dis appointment, their losses being im mense.' ' What ib the beat line of business?' v v'f Keeping a pub,, to answer you in common parlance. The quantity of beor, winea, and spirits consumed is large. Go there, experience a Coel gatdio or Kalgoorlie, or Boulder, thirst, and you must drink something. It is not. safe to drink water. Hence you will comprehend how it is that hotel keeping is a veritable gold mine to the man who can procure a suitable houso . and get a license for it. There are \- many maimiSiSenfc; hotels on tho fields, and smirably conducted.' ?' -.v: ' What is your opinion of 'Perth ? ' It floBriibes upon the^ great num ber of new arrivals. It is, undoubt edly, a fine city, and growing rapidly ; but there are no sanitary provisions, and sooner or later it will prove a veri tablo deathtrap, I spent some time there, and learnt muoh' during my sojourn. People largely let* beds at puces varying from 4« to 10s per week,' and as ' many beds or wire stretchers as can be fised up in a room are placed in it and easily lot to people* trho rush -to tbe oity from ? 'tother aide,' ^as ' these' colonies are termed, Many new arrivals haunt : the ?? various - iQovernmeotdepartmentsi inthe hope, .?{.obtaining aGo»ernmentbitlet,but: retrenchment is the -order of the : day, the'prospects'of securing genteel , Aeocufiationa is .not/ assuring. . Perth is ielively;andfull'of;bu8tle,;andso.is .ii;Fremahtle ;; bat in these vplaoesv also nthehigb rente oharged prohibit sew /eomers from making euoceeies.!' )-\ * i* Then yon think* the eteady.going ^MAtoma of these eoloniea the best. lam confident of it. And I -do 'StLotf speak through any feeling oMJs ^?^peichnsnt, because I held afrery, ' Jair position^one I can return : t$$oy . -2a«wana coma save money an we fW«t,'!.BqfcJlhere is no real comfort ; «tJje olimsto ia extremely hot ; and -un* ple^pt/ dU'iog the long rummer '.months/ And, the fever rampant.' - ' ' f'Doyou intend returning?' ; \- ' «Nq, And my advice to all ia to ' 'tear the ilia they have than to those they wot not of.' Life is itorm living hero. It is not in the tWJajeW Wost, where trade is dull, mining un? certain, thousands aro unemployed, cud -? rtro being, out down in ninny i-Mi-ms. -.These are moon. trovertiblo facie which should be baxeo io adoi by thowwho hare oast Jesgip# eyes wetfwara 1 ' 