CAULFIELD. By " POBTHOS." For the benefit of the uninitiated, It may be stated that the sand track next the rails (as a matter of fact, It la a mixture of-iand and ton) is one mile and a quarter and about twenty yards hi circumference, and the tan a few yards short of nine furlongs. " Even time " Is 15 seconds to the furlong. There was only a moderate amount of !oet work recorded last week, all the visiting teams, with the exception of those in charge of Messrs. Dargin and Frost, having deserted " the Heath " in favor of head-quarters. Several of the local Newmarket Han dicap candidates put up fast trial gallops, but nothing very wonderful when "the state of the tracks are taken into consi deration. The course proper was;as fast ea "greased lightning,11 and anything with pretensions to galloping ability epuld " break watches " without any difficulty. Therefore nobody out here (outside the Immediate stable connections) was sur prised when none of our candidates .suc ceeded in obtaining a place in the big sprint race. Orpheline was the nearest to the winner. The Trenton mare finished just behind Resolute; fifth, aud did better than her recent public and private form would have suggested. Fortuuio anaveloce both found them selves outclassed in the Newmarket, hut both ore very fit, and should earn win ning brackets in the near future. Battalion was our only winner last Saturday. As readers of these, notes kuow, iiic chestnut has been doing good work for some time, and had no trouble In silencing the opposition in the Essen- don Stakes. Carrying 9st 91b to victory in the Australian Cup will be a much more difficult task, but one that it is quite on the cards will be accomplished. Ldst ' Thursday morning Battalion executed a serviceable woridiia gallop on the eond, which, havrngheen well watered, was anything but fast. Without being "lmock about,:.VBattalion passed over the last mile and 1 jcl ..-quarter in 2mm 20jsec, and was escorted over the last six furlongs by Lochaber. ' Trentbaan iB another.df our Cup horses that has! been' going pretty well recently. Tlio son Of Trenton, however, may be scarcely fit enough to see' the journey out if it is a strongly run race, and, like many of Trent&'s -progeny, Hi& " poor feet " at times give trouble.-' /,. The soft going; suited .Trent&kmnicely; last 'Thursday/ and be " ensflyjclefeatcd .Nancyleaover a mife and. A quarter on the sarid jn,2min 2p&ee.; , The'in'ore, how- ever,' wotit' two miles, and,' assisted by. Marun, she ran .tlic.'firet /uiil'en: lmin 53iec but' lLred''tb ribthmgt.tbe'iinisli. \- - On- - Saturday movhing ' Nancylea shaped -much 'better this ,timc over a. mile. - She, never gave Spencer, the ghost .of# .chance, and ;ran the distance on the sand- in the excellent time of lmin 4B|-£CC. As most of onr horses " sported silk" on Saturday, it would be wearisome to. give last week's work in detail; Suffice It to say tbat, in addition to those already mentioned, the following horses en gaged at Flemington have done good work, : and . ai'e all preity well Australian, Pinfire, The Chevalier, Jack HqnwfiU, . Response, Lux, Lieutenant, Orient, '-Eumerclla, Loch Leigh, Catspaw, Telegraph, Norway, North British, , and one or two others. ?. Nothing of any moment transpired yesterday. Battalion went smartly over four or five furlongs, and Trentham put in a strong round of the sand. Faii-light The Swift, and. Podarees: jumped- the hurdles in good style. 