, OLD PRISONS OF PARIS. Interesting Notes. Of Historic Plaees. Tiglie Hopkins, who is known to readers as the author of some amusing Irish 'novels, has \- collected in- a volume- a- quantity of reminis cences of old Paris prisons which are very interesting, indeed. About the Bastile every- ; body knows, but the storv of the Conciergerie, ;tho Chatelet, the dungeon of Vincennes, Iu' Ab bey c, Saiute Pelagic, St. Lnznre,, is' new" to' most, and generally thrilling. , The oldest prison in Europe- is the Oohcier- pei-ie, whose remains now form part of the Palais de Justice, at Paris. It was famous for its exquisite tortures. It was here that ; Mme. de Brinvilliors, tied down to a trestle, vii h forced to swallow three buckets of water Pint were poured down- her throat through a funnel; it" was here that La Voisin was stretched on the rack while she smilingly ob- served that the torture suited her well, as .slic had always complained of being too short; it was here that the highwayman Cnrtohche. the idol of the guy ladies of Paris, wus broken on Pie wheel, after having undergone , the "boot," to soften his heart. For several cen turies executioners from all parts of Europe came to the Conciergerie to take lessons in their gentle art, and hundreds of thousands of guilty and innocent prisoners gave up the ghost iu its mepliitic cells. At last, in the year of American independence, it was burn ed down, and rebuilt, rogardlescs of expense, by Louis XVI., who little thought that lie was constructing a lodging- for his wife. Consigned to the Conciergerie by Fouquier Tinville, Marie Antoinette made the place the fashion, and until Thuruiidor it was the itiniu source of supply for liie guillotine. Prison ers of all classes and both sexes, herded so closely that there wtis no room for the de cencies of life, swarmed there ill disorder, dirt and disease, bullied by drunken turnkeys, with savage dogs at their heels, and thinned oui when the tumbrils called for a batch for that day's monl for TIIE GUILLOTINE. Divided into two classes, the pisfoliers, who could- pay for the privilege of sleeping two in a bed, aud the nailleux, who disputed a bun dle of straw with the rats, the famous picture. "I.es Dcrniers Jours de la Terreur, will never let the world forget. From the Conciergerie the guillotine re ceived over 2000 victims, among them the Girondins, the Duke of Orleans, Pie Duke of Lauzun, Charlotte Corday, Lavoisier the che mist, Danton, Camille Desmouling and Robe spierre himself, and snch was the exaltation of the time that many went to the scaffold singing, laughing, and shouting, "Long live France!" A rival to the Conciergerie was Vincennes, which v .is' a dungeon, and is now a military work of. some importance. Under the kings it was a state prisoii, the prison of the great. In its cells Henry of Navarre, the Prince de Conde, the Marshal de Montmorenci, the Car dinal de Retz, with many a prince and duke and count, slept and. gronned, and' in more modern times; it housed Diderot, Mirabeau, and for a brief hour the Duke d'Enghien. One of its inmates in the old joyous days was La Mole, who when he was sleepy laid his handsome head on the lap of the beautiful Marguerite de Navarre, and for such impu dence was doomed by Catherine of Medicis to die at Vincennes. When the deed was done and the night had fallen the executioner was at supper with his family. A knock came to his door. When he opened it he saw an arm ed man and a veiled woman standing outside. "You are the executionecr?" asked the lady, in an imperious voice." "Yes, madame." "You have here the body of a gentlemnn? I must see it." And she laid a purse of gold' on the' ta ble. "But, consider, madnme. You could not bear the sight." "Show it to me," "said she, sternly. And she laid a second purse on the table. The headsman opened it cellar, and from the smeared doorway the lady gazed .upon thq body, from which red blood was oozing upon the black stone floor, and a dark line divided the' head from the white neck. . "Give me Pie head ?" ' "Oh, madame, I cannot; I dare not. If the Provost " "If the Provost demands the- head of yon, tell it to whom you gave it." And, snatching the veil from h'er face, she showed him the features of Marguerite of Navarre. Prisoners never escaped from Yineennes. Its gigantic towers-, nnd thick walls and deep ditch and interlocked doors held their inmates securely. ' Its MOST DREADFUL CELLS were subterranean, and were occupied by pri soners whose sentences bore the superscription "Pour etre onblie" (to be forgotten). In fact, prisoners sometimes remained there long after their accusers were dead, and when no one knew why they were imprisoned. Under Henry's administration 40,000 captives were received. Luckily for civilisation, one of these captives was Mirabeau, who was field under a letter of catcliet issued to his father. When lie got out he wrote a book about Vincennes, wliieh rang from one end of France to the other, and compelled -the Government to strike the fort off the list of state prisons. After going through many vicissitudes— now serving as fi political gaol and now as a bakery — it settled down to be a military work, which it is not easy for a civilian to obtain permission to visit. The officer charged with the administration of criminal justice in Paris under the old kings was the Provost of Paris. He had a prison of his own, which was called the Chatelet. There it was liis business to carry out the eccentric sentiences of the courts. We find in his ac count books an entry of a charge of 12 francH for the purchase of a cauldron in which ho cooked a coiner of false money. His office was profitable. When a rich man was sentenced to death ho stood ready, for an adequate consi deration, to substitute an "obscure varlet" in his place. Jourdain de Lisle, brigand, cut throat, and nephew of Pope John XXII., could not he brought to justice till Provost de Oruzy vacated his office. The Temple, where Louis XVI. and his fa mily were confined, was a very old building, having been the monastery of the Knights Templar in the thirteenth century. For a cou ple of centuries it was the residence of the grand priors of France, and sheltered 4000 people under its roof. It was unoccupied when King Louis was sent there. From its gloomy chambers be was TAKEN TO THE SCAFFOLD. After liis death his wife was conveyed to the Conciergerie. One distinguished prisoner whom it housed under the Republican regime was Sir Sydney Smith, the defender of Acre, who was locked up -by order of Barras. One evening at dusk, in 1708, three officers in French Uni form presented themsolveg at the door of the Temple with an order purporting to be signed by the Minister for War, for the removal of the Englishman to another prison. The gaoler sur rendered his prisoner, and did not discover till the next day that the three officers were En glishmen in disguise, who, by that time, were on their way to London with the' general they had rescued. Under the Directory things were loosely managed. < . A chateau of the Bishop of Winchester, after wards a . pleasure-house of the Duke of Berry, and then a Carthusian monastery, became in the sixteenth century a prison- for tramps, luna tics, beggars, and "young men worn out by de bauchery," and went by the name of Bicetre. There men who were only hnlf mad when they went in - became altogether mad before they got but. The treatment was simple. The tramp was starved. The lunatic was whipped. The sinner was confined in an underground tunnel where he was chained to the wall till he was 'put to death. More prisoners were killed at Bicetre during the awful days of September, 1792, when Paris went mad, than in any other prison. It was at Bicetre that VietorWHugo laid the scene of his "Dernier Jour d'un Con- ,damne." Ste. Pelagic was a prison for women. Here Mme. Holland spent her last days. Here' poor Dubarry, crying, calling on heaven to save her, shuffling and; cutting her cards, and' faint ing when her name was called, declared that sue .would not- be guillotined— there must be .some mistake. Here Josephine de Beauliarnais 'scratched her initials on the' wall. In course .of time the functions which Ste. Pelagie had ; fulfilled were transferred to the Snlpetriere, 'aiid afterward to Saint Lnznre. Tlio latter is J still in use for the Incarceration of "unfortu- inute women." ' A touching story is told of a young girl, iMnrie M , who was committed to St. La- ,ztire for stealing roses. Her story was that .'rose trees would detach themselves -from their voots, follow her wherever she went' and tempt' her to pluck their blossoms. The unfortunate ; women in the prison, who bad little sweetqess 'in their lives, warmed' to the'poor' cftzy qhlld. They plotted to restore her to rnnson, and foil i \ to making artificial roses for her of -silk and Eaper. A director of the prison abetted their indly fraud. A room was sfet apart for the manufacture of artificial roses. Marie was admitted as an apprentice and was taught the: business. The occupation restored her mind- to its balance. When the time came for her, release she was quite cured, and by the help of. friends who had heard her story she opened a shop on the boulevard and became one of the most successful fiorists in Paris. , ; After a traveller has visited' the famous pri sons of Franco he wants to see the guillotine and its operator, the executioner or bourreau. He cannot gratify, his first wish.. . During the. : terror the guillotine- stood permanently on the1 Place de la Revolution. Ever since then it has been taken down after each execution and set up again when it was required. For near ly. half a century tlie place- of- execution'- was' the Place die la Itoquette. There the supreme penalty was inflicted on Lacenniro, the parri cide Benoit, tlie regicides Fieschi, Morey and Pepin, Orsini, Pieri, La Pommerais, Tropp- mant/ Morenu, Oampi, Pranzini, voillant, Entile Henry, and a score of others. Now the place- is. La Saute, in the Place Saint Jacques. There four slnbs of stone sunk in the soil mark the spot where, at-' 5 o'clock in the summer, and somewhat inter in' whiter, tlie "RED TIMBERS OF JUSTICE" are set1 up by the beadsman's assistants and the knife is adjusted in its groove. The culprit never knows the day set for bis execution. On some' unexpected morning he :is roughly awnlcened and hurriedly dressed by the bourrcau's men. An order for his execu tion is read to liim, a priest offers a prayer and a glass of cognac or coffee is given him to drink. Ho is then hurried by two men to tlie scaffold, helped up the stairs, pushed on the bascule, the knife falls and his life ends within 18 minutes of the time he was awakened. It is the aim of the bonrreau to be as expeditious as possible, so ns not to protract the wretch's agon j'. . -i 