LIFE IN LONDON AND j THEREABOUT. CHRONICLED BY Henry W. Lucy. alraiäTERS and CirrNA.-Tue Father of the House of Commons. - A Stubby Educa- tionalist. Novel New Year's Cabbs. A CAsnuiiDQE Don. WESTMINSTER, Jan. 21. It is a familiar and an unalterable rule of conduct in the House of Commons that that illustrious body can devote its attention to only one thing; at a tune When events crowd upon each other, some, which standing alone would compel attention, wholly escape it As was pointed out the other week, Lord Salisbury's Government are in good luck as far as their Indian difficulty is concerned. Had the events of the North-West Frontier happened while Parliament was sitting there would have been hot, disastrous, certainly damag- ing, bombardment of the Ministerial benches A short time ago it seemed as if the question would keep, serving for full investigation when Parliament meets But Ohma coming steadily to the front edges India on one side, and, according to present appearances, will hold lila field when, a little more than three weeks hence, the great talking machine 13 once more in action Doubth'ss in spite of tho turn events have recently taken efforts will be made to raise a full dress debate on affairs on the North-West Tron tier But under circumstances the most favourable to the mover in such matters, the House 13 always impatient of retrospective criticism That, combined with the residence of the process, is the salvation of Ministers More or less hot radier nation springs up in the public mind if Parliament chances to be sitting, Ministers, putting on solemn airs, declare that it would not be in the interest of the country that the matter should be discussed at that particular moment If evil things befall in the recess, feeling 13 blunted by the time Parliament meets, and the con-, action that what is done cannot be undone, and therefore it is useless talking about it, comes to the help of Ihroitcncd Ministries When Parliament meets Mr. Balfour and his colleagues may be depended upon to put China in the foreground to the overshadowing of India. If, as is probable, they are able in the Queen's Speech to announce the conclusion upon favourable terms of a loan to China, the transaction may with skilful management have the effect of shutting out the state of North-West Frontier blunders and disasters. This, however, alludes only to the past. The House of Commons, in this case the authoritative mouthpiece of the country, will certainly want to know whether the campaign is to be renewed in the coming spring, and upon what grounds such a step can be justified. The very last time I saw Mr. Charles Villiers he happened to be crossing the most dangerous roadway in London, that bifurcated by the many thoroughfares that meet in front of the Mansion House. Notably by reason of his figure, almost bent double, the Father of the House of Commons attracted attention by the agility with which he dived in and out, eluding the conflicting currents of cabs, carts, omnibuses, and carriages. The last time I saw him in the House of Commons was exactly a fortnight before the famous free fight on the floor which disgraced the session of 1893. The House was in committee, on the Home Rule Bill. This particular night, marking what I believe was Mr. Villiers's final appearance on the familiar scene, was the second of the operation of the systematic closure. At 10 o'clock Mr. Mellor, then Chairman of Committees, proceeded to put the question. On his decision that the ayes had it being challenged, the closure was moved. Thus two divisions were taken on every question put from the chair. Regularly night after night, from 10 o'clock till the stroke of midnight merci- fully interrupted the proceedings, members walked round and round the lobbies. At this earliest stage of the new crisis in the fight, it was a point of honour for every man on both sides to be in his place and take part in successive divisions. Mr. Gladstone set the example on the Ministerial side, pulling himself together and walking out on the dreary round, in answer to the signal of the Chairman's monotonous chant, " Ayes to the right, Noes to the left." Mr. Villiers, not to be outdone by such a chicken as the Premier, came down prepared to hear his share of the heat and burden of the day. But after the second round the gallant old gentleman was obliged to cave in. His still abundant while hair, and his crooked figure,, literally pressed down by the heavy hand of Time, finally disappearing from the scene between half-past 10 and 11 o'clock the night of July 13, 1891. For more than a generation he had been a sort of Parliamentary ghost. With a somewhat lengthened experience, of the House of Commons, I never had the opportunity of hearing his voice. Men in the present Parliament who have heard him take part in debate may, I fancy, he counted on the fingers of one hand. Great pains were, I hear, taken to keep from Mr. George Dixon news of the death of Mr. Villiers. Lying so long At the point of death it was feared that news of how matters had ended with an old friend and colleague, might prove a fatal shock. The member for Edgbaston was neither of the class nor the school of the senior member for Wolverhampton. But having been first returned for Parliament in the year 1807 he had come to rank amongst the oldest members. Mr. Villiers was still in active Parliamentary life when Mr. Dixon took his seat. They were on the same side of the House, and being, to some extent, neighbours in the provinces, they were on friendly terms. Like Mrs. Villiers, though not for such a lengthened period, Mr. Dixon has practically withdrawn from public life. Not a brilliant orator or a man of commanding personal influence, he was of an excellent type of member, painstaking, industrious, and above all things, honest. When Mr. Chamberlain was fighting Mr. Foster, whom he suspected of tendency to denominationalism, Mr. Dixon stood by his side and did yeoman's service. Last year, when Lord Salisbury's Government brought in a bill endowing denominational schools to the disadvantage of board schools, Mr. Dixon was not equal to the effort grace fully accomplished by Mr. Chamberlain of supporting the bill. He even dit>e)03cd intention of joining the Opposition on this particular ground. The worry occasioned by the incident had something to do with the breakdown in his health, which early last session withdrew him from attendance at Westminster. Talking the other day of developments of cheap telegraphy during his personal association with the Government Department, an officer high in command at St Martin's-le-Grand, dwelt upon the remarkable extension of the use of telegrams for social purposes. When he first joined the office the despatch of a telegram was a solemn matter, not to be undertaken without due deliberation. Now the telegraph is resorted to upon what, 20 years ago, would be regarded as frivolous occasions. This year, one of the officials tells me, the telegraph system has come into use in a direction that vastly added to the labours of the staff, and may appreciably increase the revenue. At Chistmas time, and on New Year's Eve, people, instead of sending out the time-honoured card, had recourse to the Post Office, and sent by telegraph a friendly message. It seems, on the face of it, extravagant, but it really is not so. Including postage and envelope it would be difficult to get a decent card under the sixpence, which is telegraph message costs. At least, in this early stage of the practice, the telegraph message, with its special delivery, is more imposing. I remember a couple of years ago, when Sir Henry Irving chanced to be in the United States at Christmas time, he hit upon a happy expedient. To his wide circle- of private friends be sent a Christmas greeting from Chicago I think that was the place where he spent Christmas Eve. On the face of it it seemed as if it had come specially by cable. But there is a simple and obvious means of avoiding the unnecessary expense. Young Cambridge is just now hugely delighted with the latest story about a well known Don. This gentleman has a curious habit of by a slip of the tongue, involuntarily making up a sort of portmanteau or kaleidoscopic word. It is accomplished by means of mixing up syllables of words succeeding each other in a sentence. His best known, and perhaps most perfect success, happened in church. Entering one Sunday morning a little later he found a stranger in his pew. " I beg your pardon, Sir," he said, breathlessly, leaning over the interloper, '* but your coupons ing my pie." Occupying my pew was, of course, what, in a calmer moment, he would have said. His latest is almost, if not quite, as good. There was talk in the company where be found himself as to what tradesmen were most fully employed by the college. " Do you still get your groceries from Blaxland's ?" one of the men asked the Don. " No," he said, artlessly, " I did for many years, but now I steal from the doors." It was only after a moment of shocked silence the company realised that what the reverend gentleman meant was that he dealt at the stores. It makes all the difference, to how you dispose of, youth's and and yow st's. 