CSJAPTER XVI. "m Tran ARE GHOSTS AND-GHOSTS ! :fter madames disappearance within tr own room. Gerald Geddiard slowly r?taced his- steps downstanra, no choice \\-'"tsm but to do her bidding. u-: the listener, within the sewing wr?. ,ho had sat as motionless as a ra:ore during his conversation with his Fi.e. heard an irritable oath escape him as he went. The woman herself had =en -?rangely affected by what she had ~ae was as white as chalk, or would have ieen but for the yellow stain that ioguised her complexion. the had removed her spectacles again, and her eyes .ere gleaming with a mrang, almost savage light. She started, excitedly, to her feet, as she heart the hall-door close after the master of the house. " What did they mean ?" she muttered, hoarsely. "A certificate l Why did the 'eal it from him? Why does she need to hold it as a whip over him I Why is he so anxious to get it back into his own possession ?" The woman s face was a study as she ar, utterance to these excited queries, which were evridently of a very perplexing r.:tar to her. Ai' at once she started, as if some resh thought had sent a shock through Aga: can it be possible that there a~'.:.hr .' she continued. excitedly. " d it that which she has 'stolen ?' Is it that of which he is so anxious to re gisn possession ? What possible good c.,ili n du to him now ? Heavens : can i .e t-ha he hopes; that he suspects? h, o ; that scheme was conducted so ct:eriy that he never could have in,wn.': nhe br,,ke off suddenly, and sank back in:o n r chair. where she remained in profi,uud thought for several moments, anLd. endently, Creatly exercised over s?ome perplexinm question. "I belove that 1 am justified in my s-spicions," she said at last. "Yes, Iam n iist sure, and vnon " I know why I am She drew herself erect, with an air of prtf,und resolve. She laid her work upon the table, put hee thimble, thread, and scissors beside it, then rising again, walked deliberately from the room. She went striaght down the hall, for gettln, ill her eagerness, to assume her usual waddli, '"galt and tapped upon Mrs Goddard's d,,ur. "Come in, Edith," said that lady, thinking that was her companion who was S'ekini admittance. .Irs Weld unhesitatingly otened the door and entered the room. "uh, it is you, Mrs We!d," madame 'marked, in a tone of surprise, a slight awn of annoyance contracting her brow, she had conceived a strange dislike towail the_ awkward, blue-spectacled housekeeper, although she could find no fault with her on the score of ineffi citency. " I have come, madame, to see if you have any special orders regarding dinner this evening," the woman rem:arked. " Will extra ccvers be required, ant what color do you wish in the decors:ions 1" " Yes, there will be four extra guests to-night," Mrs Goddard returned. "I was coming to tell you presently, for I am going out for a few ho::rs,"she added. "I think we will use scarlet for the table to-day; and. Mrs Weld, be sure to have fresh flowers put in the rooms of all the guests." " Tery well ; is there anything else ?" inquired the housekeeper, while the keen eyes behind the blue glasses observed that madame was nervously fingering a time yellowed document, which she was hold ing in her hands, and which she had evi dently just taken from the depths of her jewel-casket that stood upon the table besice her. " No, unless-yes, I think I will have the best service used to-night," said Mrs Goddard, after considering a moment; "and all the handsomest glassware. I desire that the table shall be especially fine. Of course, the butler will attend to the arrangement as usual ; only, you have such excellent taste, Mrs Weld, if you happen to see any improvements that can be made, do not hesitate to suggest them. Where is Edith. do you know 1' she con cluded, as she laid in the jewel-box the paper she held, and readjusted over it the cushion, which had evidently been pried from its place. " I think she is somewhere about the house. Shall I send her to you if 1 should happen to see her?' Mrs Weld inquired. " Do, if you please," madame returned, whereupon the housekeeper waddled from the room. " Ugh ! that woman gives me the chills cvery time she comes near me," murmured the fair mistress of tho house, when she was once more alone. " Those glasses make her perfectly hideous, and her coarse, grey hair, hanging down each side of her face, is, to say the least, unique. I sometimes think it is a wig- wonder if the woman is bald-hceaded, and obliged to wear one ! But one should not mind things of such minor importance; site certainly is the most efficient house keeper I have ever had ; she always seems to know the proper thing to do at the proper time. I believe I would like to retain her for the town house if I could find some reasonable excuse for dismissine Mrs Brown. Perhaps I might get used to her peculiar personality after a while." While Mrs Goddard was musing thus inside her room, as she hastily exchanged her house-dress for a street costume, the object of her reflections was standing in a pro.found reverie outside her door. "I shall know the nature of that docu ment before I leave this house," she mut tered. " Whether it proves to be what I have dared to suspect or not, I must know : If it shsould-ah ! the day of retribution will not be far away." She moved slowly and thoughtfully down the hall, and, turning into a wing of the house, op."ned the door of a room where she heard sotme one moving about. " Oh !" cried Edith, brightly, as site saw her, "' why did you come quite so soon, Mrs Weld ? I am almost through, though. I have simply to arrange the knicknacks upon this dressing-case. I hope you are rested," she concluded, searching the woman's face curiously. " Yes, thank y ou, Miss ridith, I am feeling quite myself again, and will finish here, for Mrs Goddard has come in and inquired for you-" "Ah' does she know that we ex chanted work ?" '" No; I went to her for orders, and she asked me if I had seen you," the houspkeeper explained. "The dress is done, and I feel that you were very kind and thoughtful to let me finish it while you worked for me. I shall not toon fiorget the favor, I assure you." " Thank you ; but I hope I shall not give out again,': said Mrs Weld, though with a stgh which betrayed that her duties were somewhat irksome. "I hope not, indeed ; but, of course, there will be more and more to do until this frolic is over, and it will be a won der if you, and everybody else, do not get tired out. Is there anything else that I can do for you, by and by 1" Edith kindly inquired. "Madame wishes fresh flowers ar ranged in all the guest-chambers ; and, if you can spare the time when she is through with yon, it would be a great help if you could attend to the matter." " I shoull like to, above all things," said Edith, eagerly. " I am very fond of fl.wers, and they do have such lovely ones in the greenhouses here. But I must run as ay now, suppose." And, divesting herself of her spotless turban and apron, the girl, happy in having done an act of kindness, hastened away to Mrs Goddard's room. I" s my dress ready, Edith 7" that lady inquired, when she made her appearance. " Yes ; shall I bring it now ?" " Da, for I am going to town, and wish to get some lace for the sleeves and neck; you will have to measure and tell me how much I need." Edith went out, and soon returned with the dainty waist. " You have done it beautifully," said madame, as she examined it "' You are very expert with your needle, child." The girl flushed, but did not unde ceive her regarding hermistake although she felt somewhat guilty to receive prai'e to which she was not justly entitled, even though she knew that she could have performed the task exactly as Rwell. She measured for the lace, and ten minutes later madame was on her way to town. Later in the afternoon, while Mrs Weld was in the dining-room, superin tending, in a general way, the arrange ment of the table, Mr Goddard entered to give some orders to the butler regard ing a case of liquors that had just arrived. That colored functionary was standing beside the housekeeper, consulting with her regarding the disposition of some table decoratious, and as iMr Goddard approached them, the woman shivered salightiy, and some napkins, which she had been holding in her hands, fell in a heap upon the floor. Whether from accident or design, MIrs Weld and the master of the house had seldom met since the former had become a member of the family, she having re ceived all orders from Mrs Goddard, after her coming to Wyoming, and, although the gentleman was conscious that the comfort of his home was chiefly due to her management, he had paid but very little heed to her presence personally. He was always punctiliously though distantly courteous to every member of his household, and so now, almost in voluntarily, forgetting that the butler was there to perform the service-he stooped to recover the napkins for Mrs Weld. Unfortunately, she also made the attempt to do so at the same moment, when her head came rudely in contact with the gentleman's arm, the encounter dislodging her glasses, causing them to slip off and fall upon the linen. Mr Goddard, with a polite "excuse me," Iooked quickly up to see what mischief he had done, when he found himself gazlug directly into a pair of brilliant, magnificent brown eyes, that instantly acted like an electric battery upon him. "Good heavens !" he breathed, in a startled tone, every atom of color fading from his face. But Mrs Weld, with far more nimble ness than one would have believed her capable of exhibiting, quickly recovered, and replaced the spectacles, while she remarked, with apparent perfect self possession, and as if she had not heard his startled exclamation : "You are very excusable. sir; they are not injured in the least." " But, madame, I -- who - what !" stammered the man, a dazed look still on his white face, while he still gazed curiously at her. " Yes, sir; Albert and I were some what in doubt whether to make one large centre- piece, as usual, or to have a smaller one at each end of the table," the woman calmly observed, as if she had understood his disjointed queries to refer to the arrangement of the dinner table. But she had drawn herself up with an air of dignity, as if the little accident that had occurred was of no further con sequence to her. " I-! cannot say. I am not capable of deciding the matter; you will have to consult with Mrs Goddard," faltered the gentleman, as he abruptly turned and walked from the room, with the uncertain gait of a person who could not see distinctly. He went directly to his library, where, shutting and locking the door, he threw himself into a chair, and wiped the per spiration from his brow. " If I believed in the transmigration of souls, I should almost be tempted to think that a ghost of the past had come to haunt me in the form of this hideous old woman. Heavens I what eyesshe has I I never saw but one other pair like them in my life!" His head fell upon his breast, with a sigh that was almost a groan. " I do not believe i can bear this kind of existence much longer," lie continued, after a little while. "Day and night I have a restless craving for something which I have not, and yet do not fully comprehend. Oh! God! if I could but live my life over, how differently I would spend it":' " What have I amounted to, anyway?" he went on, retrospectively. "Amanwho began his career with more than ordinary talents, but misused and neglected them to seek his own pleasure-to surfeit him self with the world by tasting of every folly under the sun, only to reap, in the end, a harvert of discontent and re morse." He dropped his face upon his hands, a bitter sob bursting from his lips. The sound of it seemed to sting him to the very soul, for the started angrily to his feet, his face crimson, his eyes blazing with passion. " Well, old boy, this is a fine frame of minud for you to get into I" he muttered, bitterly, as lie paced the room with an impatient step ; "and all because o: a trivial accident that permitted you to look into an old woman's eyes. Bah ! it is altogether too late for you to think of mending your ways, Gerald; there is nothing left for you but to go on, as you began-getting all the pleasure possible out of life, and, when the end comes, endure it as best you may." And with this cynical conclusion, the man tossed his head resolutely back, and, going to a card-table, took from the drawer a pack of cards, and sat down to play solitaire - a game of which he was extremely fond. He presently became deeply absorbed in it, although the moody look still remained upon his face, and was only recalled to himself when the, dressing bell-a half-hour preceding dinner pealed through the house, reminding him that there was a houseful of guests to be entertained, and that, as host, he must not be unmindful of the duty of hospitality. He put aside his cards, and repaired at once to his chamber, from which, twenty minutes later, he emerged in full evening dress, and went below, where he mingled with his guests, to whom he devoted himself with his usual affability. It was remarked, however, that he was not looking well, his extreme pallor and heavy eyes,plainly indicating indisposition of some kind. He was, himself, conscious of the fact, consequently he kept away from his wife as much as possible, for he felt sure that her keen eyes would instantly detect the fact that something had gone wrong with him, and he was in no mood to have old wounds probed for the second time that day. He was not destined to escape, however, for madame had noticed, from her end of the table, opposite him, at dinner, that something unusual was preying upon his mind. She was sure that he was not physically ill, for she had studied him too long to be mistaken regarding his moods. But she found no opportunity to got a word with him until late in the evening, when, after a spirited waltz with one of her guests, she found him standing in a corner, alone, and gazing, with an air of abstraction, upon the company around him. He had not seen her approach him, consequently he was taken entirely un awares when she reached his side, and whispered in his ear : " What has happened, Gerald 1 You look as if you had seen a ghost." He started, guiltily, at the unexpected assault, and wondered whether it was a simple coincidence, or whether she sus pected he had been haunted by those pitiless spectres, remorse and discontent. "A ghost, Anna 1" he repeated, trying to smile indiarently. "Are there any stalking about the house to-night 1" " Not for mrc; but for you, I do not know," she replied, with significant em phasis. "You know that I am not a believer in anything of the kind," he coldly re turned, having now completely recovered his self-possession, "There are Chosts and-ghosts," she mockinigly retorted; " those consequent uponadiscrdered digestion, and those that stalk close upon the heels of conscience." " Really, Anna, you are getting almost Shakespearean in your similes," was her husband's sarcastic response. "Thank you, dear," she said, with a derisive little laugh. " But you cannot hide behind pretty compliments the fact that you are not yourself to- night." " 1 have hidden nothing from you. If I do not look well, it is because I am not feeling so," he coldly returned. His tone irritated her, and detracted from the sympathy and anxiety which usually moved her when anything ailed him; besides, she was in an unusually suspicious mood just then. "I should judge so," she said, search ing his tace sharply. " I have not seen you look as you do to-night since that never to be forgotten day when you received a certain important commonica tion from Ned Rerford." " Alrma l" Gerald Goddard burst forth, hoarsely, "will you never have done with that wretched ansubject 1" "I?" she retorted, lifting a glance of assumed surprise to him, though her eyes were gleaming with malice, fcr she knew she had discovered the secret of his un natural appearance. "I should say, rather, that it is you who are continually harping ups n one string of late, with your ceaseless demand for a certain docu ment in my possession." " Cease I" the man angrily commanded, and irritated beyond measure at having been trapped int., betraying the dis turbed state of his mind. "Since you have refused my request, I wish to hear no more about the subject." He turned abruptly from her, as he ceased speaking, and walked to the oppo site end of the room. "1 wonder just what it is ?"' she mused, looking after him with anxious eyes, from which all spite had now faded. "Something has happened to upset him -something of more consequence than our little quarrel after lunch, and 1 do not believe that it is altogether coward conscience either." But someone came to claim her atten tion just then, and, in the excitement of her duties as hostess, she forgot the mat tor for the time. 