SIR TRISTRAM. BY MsarY BAsDroRwD WnrmEN. . Pushlshd by special arrangement itth sMersr Ward Loeck-it o., Ltd. (ALL RlORTS RESERVEDol. OHA.PER XVII. The 17th of October was a date graven upon Hylda's heart in living letters. In the days of their ongagement she and Richard had devised many sweet and fan ciful observances by which they would celebrate the anniversary of their first mooting, and in spite of the cold shadow that had crept over her life, she could not even now think of it without a thrill. Alight It not be possible that a return of the well remembered season would wake softer thoughts in her husband's mind and turn the autumn of the year to spring 7 It was a faint hope, but she clung to it and would not lot it go, and as the day drew nearer she resolved to ask him once more to go down to the Mlanor with her, for she felt that if he were surrounded with the same scnesn theoro would be more chance of old associations rising to life again. She watched her opportunity, and finding that he was gratified by the news of his father's consent to Ellen's engage. ment, she took advantage of his good humor to propound her schlleme "I don't see mueh object in it" lie said, when she had finished speaking, Hylda felt chilled,-but she would not give up at once. "You used to say that we would always spend that evening in my old study," she said, "so that we might fool again as we felt when I had been longing to see you, and you came to me through the flood." Heor voice trembled a littleas she spoke, and Rlchard was not quite untouched by the memories that she recalled. One says lots of things at a time like that which one doesn't mean," he re marked, " but still I don't mind if you are very keooen about it. Besides, I sup. pose we must see your mother some time or other, and it is a lesser evil to go there than to have her up here." It was not a gracious acceptance, but such as it was Hylda felt glad of it, and she made haste to write to her mother before he should have changed l:s mind. Mrs Carlyle was only too thankful to get the letter. A stronger-minded woman would have resented their long neglect, and a woman of deeper foolinj would have felt too much pain at the thought of it to be able to look forward to the visit with any pleasure; but Hylda's mother thought less of the separatioi from her child than of the awkwardness which that, separation entailed, and she ans so re loeved to be able to announce her coming that she had room for no other thought. Hylda's engagement and marriage had boon a tople of interest in Stowbury for more than the proverbial nine days, but time had done much to wear it out, and 'had it enot beeoon for the fact. of her lengthened absence, it would by this time have been pretty well forgotten, but when month after month passed by and nothing was seon of the bride and brido groom, a delightful field of speculation was opened up, and the gossips of tlps neighborhood wore not slow in taking advantage of it. Many and various were the causes suggested, aned Mrs Carlyle had much to undergo in the shape of-in uendo and condolence. If Lady Carlyle had been in her sister in-law's place no one would have dared to question her on the subject, but Mrs Carlyle was open to general attack, and if she had had courage for such an en terprfso she would have left Stowbury altogether. But relief had come at last, and her only regret arose from the fact that though Tristram was away from the Court, his mother was at home. Yet even her dread of Harriet's galling sriti cisms could not rob her of her sonse of triumph. Hylda said nothing of the probable length of their visit in writing her first letter. She had asked her husband how long he could stay. and had received no answer. n, Do you think you could spare a week 1" she asked. "Oh, yes," said Richard linpatiently. "I'll spare six if you'll lot me finish my writing in peace I" This was clearly an exaggeration, bht after such a speech Hylda felt justifieod in telling her mother that they hoped to be able to stay a week or two, and Mrs Carlyle set off to the Court at once, armed with this fortifying news. "It is so thoullhtful and considerate of them to have waited until they could really take a good holiday," slo said ; "'If they had just run down for a Sun day; It would only have made me miss Hylda more afterwards; but now I shall have them for quite a nlice long visit, and we shall have time to talk to our heartas' content. T:,a argument was a specious one, and MIrs Crlyle was quite convinced by her .vn eloquoeance as lse spoke, nor did she interpret hler sister-in- law's silenceasdis sent; but in truth it was rather surprise than disagreement that kept Harriet from replying. Whatever Cecilia might say, lhe was certain that Iylda was unhappy, asnd she was amazed that shei should risk a visit of several wevehk' duration under I"'r mother's roof. An unwonted sense ,, compassion prevented ler from sponk itug her mind, however, aed for once sha allowed her victim to go unscathed. The news of Hylda's approaching arrival was duly trumpeted throughout Stowbury, and every time that Mrs Car lyle made the announcement, sihe took cars to add the fact that their stay was to be a long one. "b r Weston is so very much occu. pled," was her formula, " that lie really never has a moment to call his own ; and they are so devoted to oneo another that they cannot bear to be separated. As soon as-he could possibly get away for a long visit they wrote off at once. and they will stay as lung as over they can " The ecxplasation soundedd well, and as no one liked to suggest that there was nothing ill all tills to provent Mrs Carlyle from going to, stay with them, her salis faiction was ulinearred. i shall certainly ask Mr Westou to be good eouglhl to colne autd speak to the girls," said kiss Eltei, when tlie news of thle expected arrival reaelhed her ears. " I ae sure e wall be glad to do so, be cause he met Mfrs Carlyle hero, you re member." mha beamed at lthe govornesss across the sesppler table, ued teougls their enthusiasm was scarcely equal to hers, they were nut iudifesselt to the tleoesglt of seeing lri Weston again. il was no longer a kdlht of rlsneree, but still it wnould hae distinctly ieteresting to eeat a voyager from that sea of lsaerineeosial bliss of whiah they hld read inlnumsserable duosriptioos, and of rohlel tlley lend evar dared to dream. Thee Ith ,fi October fell on a Tu'esdy. med Ilylda hlad proposed that lse seed Itlehard should scoulee ele on lioa ter -ceding Setesrilay. It was late shel eelisey arrived, used she could barely see tlee .sutlinos of the house as they drove up in ,tho gothering twilight. Ilcr heart was aosting fast, now that the actual meeemont f nmeeting lid come, but, as the damp ?wootnrsn of the uutuon garden was wafted across to her, and familiar sights and sounds pressed upon her on every side, the past year soomed to drop away from her like a -vision, and she was a child once more Her cry of pleasure, as she sprang for ward to meet her mother ended in a sob, and there woere tears in her eyes tha could. not hid. Mrs Carlyle thought it only natural that she should be moved by her return to her old home ; she felt a good deal stirred herself, and kissed her daughter again and again, while alo hold out a welcoming hand to Richard. Richard had took the hand calmly enough, and stood looking on at the scone with a superior srnile He was always amused by what he called " feminiuities," except when they hap. peued to interfere with him, in wiich case ha swept them aside with a ruthless band " We might stand'for a Iableaur of the Return of the Prodigal," he remarked. Hylda drew herself quickly away from her mother's arms, and the lines of care on her face rs-appoared as if by magic, for there was sufficient truth in the words to give thern a sting. She knew well enough now that she had demanded her share of this world's goods with roekleas impationco, and the bitter sus picion had begun to dawn upon her that she had utterly wasted her substance ; but she know that Richard had no such thought in his mind, and that his taato less remsrk was simply born of the lip.. "I had bettor go upstairs at once," she said; " we must not keep dinner wait "It is quite delightful to have you here at last," said Mrs oarlyle, as they wont upstairs hand in hand. " But of course I know that you could not come before. Don't think that f am blaming you, dear I I have cold everybody how considerate I think it is of you to have waited until you could pay a good long visit." Site paused for no reply, but prattled on of a hundred things as she watched her daughter's preparations for dinner. Ilylda felt a strange sinkilg of the heart as she listened to her ; nothing had been further from her intentions than to make -a cwrjfdase of her mother, and yet she lad hIad'a secret hope that she should find the strength and comfort in her counsel that had beeoon lacking in the puast. But as soon as she came face to face with her again, heard her voice, and caught the tone of her conversation, she know that any such hope was vain; nothing was more unlikely than that her mother should guess at anything that lay beneath the surface, and even if it was llainly put before her, it was evident that site would take good care to ignore it. To koep up appearances before the world was not enough for Mrs Carlylo'i satisfation, sheo must deceive herself as well as lher neighbors before she could be thoroughly comfortable. The evening passed off better than might have.bean expected; Richard was not insensible to the pleasures of the table nor to the impreosson produced by his surroundings. rho fine old house and the hnarrlndstfurniture might be.tioated as objecti of scorn wvhen they were out of sight, . but it was undeuianlo that they possessed a certain influence ovor'him when he was brought into contact with them. ilylda wtcheod hint anxiously at fras, but as dinnor went on aoe acknow lodged with surprise and relief that he was more like what he- had been before their marriage thon she had ever yet soon hinm. "More like himself," slm would have phrased it; but those who know tielschard Weston host could have told her that he was loss like himself to-night than lie had been at any time sinceas their wedding day. dI did tot ask anyone to meet you this evening." said Mrs Carlyle, "for I thought that we would have one evening to ourselves. There are plenty of people longing to see you, andt several invitations have come for you already, but I have nIt asked anyone yet except your aunt and Mr and AIss Chesterford, who will dino with us on Monday." Hylda looked at her husband in same alarm; she had never dared to reveal to him that she had held out a hope of a lengthened stay. and she dreaded an outburst of anger. Hn said nothing," howover, bad or good, and when he 1frlowod the ladies into the drawing-room, lie took np a book which lie had brought with him for review, and left the mother and-daughter to their conversation. " Here is a note for you, Richard," said Hylda, going into the library next morning when the church bulls were ringing. " It came yesterday,.but it was only given to me just now." .Richard had just struck a match, and ie w'aited to get his cigar well alight before he took the note from her hand. " Are you not coming to church I" she asked, with some dismay. "Not i." returned Richard, carelessly ; " I have something elso to do." lie took up a manuscript that lay on his knee, as though he expected to be loft in peoace, but Hylda di, not move. - " It will make a very bad impression if I appear without you," Oho said. " Stay away, then," said Richard, watching a ring of smoke curl up into the a"You know that I cannot-ds that. I think you might have a little more consi. deration." Richard lifted hIris eyebrows at her tone, but he was not angry yet. "It would make a much worse impression if i yawned all through she prayers and slept all through the sermon," he said; "therefore, I am only consulting your interests when I stay away." " But there is no necessity for you to yawn, or to go to sloop eithor." p&rsisted; Hylda; "do come, Richard, it would make me so happy." "I am afraid you must be unhappy, then," said Richard, taking up the note and opening it. "Leave mo alone, now, thoro's a good girl, and, perhaps, I'll go out with you this afternoon." H'lda's heart swelled, and she felt helplessly miserable, but even so she would not show resentment, and she laid her hand on his shoulder while he road hris note. " What a nico lotter I" sihe said, for getting her troubles for a moment, " I always did like Miss Elton. You will go hlld give her girls a lecture, won't you 1" "Not if I know it I I have done with pattering platitudes to schoolgirls, thank goodness, and I am not going to be caught hko thart. It is a great cheek of her to allude to our mootilng there, especiarly when one can so0 with half an eye thait aie waIts to secure a lecture, as an l'advertisemenot for lir sohool. She is ratlher mistakenr, I can tell her, if she thintks I shall miake mysclt cheap in that style I" Ilylda looked at Iirn indignantly, but she lid not dare to rmonarstrate. " Will you let uie answer this note ?" was all "Oh. yea," said RIiclhard, toasing it over to iher with a lhurg,. " yru are afraid shall wound hier little feeolings are you I I am much to., wr.nry to make blutnders of tlrt sort; but, still, if you like to dor my yrlrg for mie, you are quite welcome to alt is such a comforI t to inn. dear, to seeo you lookig so well and bright," said tirs Carllo, wheno a few minutes later thoe set out for the church. " Your aunt said you were pale whetr she saw youo, but I told her it was nothing but London heat.' Hylda had conquered her impulse to throw herself upon her bed and cry when she left her husband, her eyes wore shining with a strango lustre, and thero was a vivid spot of color on each cheek; she had oven found time to run upstairs and put on a white bonnet which she had at first discarded as too smart, and the congregation gatzed at her admiringly as she walked up the aisle. All through the prayers she managed to keep her thoughts at bay, but when the osermon began not even the familiar tones of the old rector's voice could silence themn any longer. She Ilad told herself nanoy a timoe hat she ought to hold her own with Richard, and that it lay in her power to make him what she wished him to be; she had told herself so, but she had never found courage to make the attempt until her return to her old home had lifted for a moment the weights that hold her down, and the only result had boon that she was more despairing than before. "Sile ftel. utterly cast down and weary, and the knowledge that slte must hide her woes behind a emile seemed to add the last straw to cer burden; but the smile was ready as soon as the service was over, and her greeting to her old friends loft ncothing to he desired. Richard had apparently forgotten his promise of taking her out in the after. noon, for she found a note when she re turned saying that he had gone fora long tramp, but should be back by dinner time. She glanced apprehensivoly at her mother as she told her, but Mrs Carlyle was not so enamoured of her Fon-in-law's society as to fool his absence otherwise than a relief ; his nominal presence was all that she wanted, and she was only too glad to have fylda to herself. Richard came back improved in temper by his solitary exeroiso, he may even have boon a little ashamed of himself, for he took pains to be civil to Hylda as well as to Mirs Carlyle, and when conversation seemed to flag he offered to read aloud to them. " If only he would be like this always." thought Il ylda, as she watched his dark head against the light and wondered if it had boon only obstinacy and self-asser tion that she had idealised into strength and power. But such thoughts wore fatal to peace of mind, and she banished them with the hope that nothing would happen to bring back her husband's black mood. - Such a hope, however, was too bright for fulfilment; Mrs Carlyle announced at breakfast next morning th.t Mrs Chester ford had written to say that her husband's brother was with them atcd that lihe would very much like to accompany them in the evening, and 1fylda saw in a moment that thie prospect did not please him. "It was so fortunate," said Mrs Carlyle cheerfully, as she dispensed the toe, "Jonnings was going-to Stowbury on an errand, so I wrote a little note and sent it at once. Mr Craven will be here, but still we should have boon a gontlenman short, and though it would not have mattered for an informal party, still it is pleasantor to haveothe right number." (' Is Mrs Jennings any better than she used to be l" asked IHylda, hoping to change the subject. " Oh, yes, my dear. I got her some medicine from an advertisement that has done her a great deal of good. Mr Ohesterford gave me such a scolding when heo found it out, and Roy told his brother that he was committing an act of sohismt in reproving one of ir Craven's parish ionors. You know his amusing way. He is so much improved since he has boon working with Tristram ; I am glad you will see hit this evening, he and Richard will be sure to find plenty .to say to one another-ho is not a dull dweller in thu country as I am I' She looked at her son-in-law with a conscious smile as she spoke; it was an unmistakeablo opening for a compliment. and in spite of her age, Mrs Carlyle had 'not at all lost her love of flattery. But Richard did not seem inclined to take tie opening, he sat tapping his fork on the table, while his brow grew darker and his lips more compressed, and Mrs Carlyle looked at him in surprise. " You are thinking about your letters I expect. Richard," said tiylds, fooling that she must do something to improve the situation; ' do you want to catch the corly posti" " No," said Richard, looking up with a b'owl, but remembering luckily that he was not at home, he forced his muscles into a smile. "I haver a good deal of writing to do notwithstanding," hoeadded, "so, if you will excuse me, I will go at once." "lt is quite delightful to see dear Richard so devoted to his work l" mur. mured Mrs Carlyle, as the door closed .behind him. Hylda made no reply, she found her mother's determined optimism trying in the extremo, but pride kept her silent. She had thought that she should have to eoxerciso tho.greatest care in warding off dangerous topics, and with the inconeis .tency of human nature site was almost disappointed that there was no noeed for her precautions. Mrs Carlyle insisted on taking a rose-coloured view of everything, and snow and again a chilling susploion crept into Hylda's heart that she did it purposely, and not bcau'so sihe was blind to the fact that clouds hung over her daughter's sky. It was no doubt the prudent course to pursue, but .she wondered sometimes whore she could turn for aid if the storm should burst upon her. No one who saw i'ylda enter the draw ing-room that evening would have guessed at any secret sorrow in her lifo. Richard had often told her that if she were always bright and" happy, he should always be in a pleasant humour ; the retort was an obvious one, but to tell Richard that if he were always in a pleasant humour she should always be bright and happy, would only have pro voked some of the scornful remarks that site learnt to dread. He looked at her with more softness than ho had done for a long time, when she stood before him ready to descend. " if you alwaya looked like that," he said, and though the speech carried a sting, it was son long since he had spoken any word of admiration that it brought the colour to her cheeks. It had taken ,Mr Chostorfort a long time to forgive Hylda, but, as he had no right to take up the cudgels on his friend's behalf against that friend's distinct coam mand, he was ready to moot her in a conciliatory spirit. HIylda was on hote miottle, esho talked her best, and entered into every sujeclt with such ease acid viracity that the Vicar was fairly astonished. " I don't think ' over saw anyone imnprove so much as Mrs Woeton," he oe claimed, enthusiastically, as tlheoy drove home that ovoning. loy could not forbear a whistle of amazemonut. "I knowr you lever thoughlt sho neeooded impirovomnnt," snil his brother good Ihumnouredly. " but to my mind the changeo is extraordinary. Lier husband imust have more in him than I ever imagined, for her crudities seem to have voaiiachcd away lI" " l)c that principle you mnight advocate marriage winh a grindsatone," remarked IRcy, "tlero nyould be nothiing like it for wearing one down to a uclform polish." But, clearsighted as the Vicar thought himself, it was not with him that Lady Carlyle would havoe agreed that night; as a rule she differed with Itoy on principle, and yet as she drove homewards and thought of her sister-in-law's complacent expression, she uttered the oracular words, "I wonder whether we shall live to be glad or sorry that coilia was born without sense I" OCHAPTER XVIII. On the morning of the fateful 17th of October Hylda woke early, and as soon as she was dressed she crossed'the gallery and opened the door of her old study. With a touch of suporstition she had kept away from the room since her arrival, and she g'anced around her with an expectant gazoe when she entered as if the ghosts of her past and the visions of her future wore waiting to greet her. The blinds were down, and only faint gleam of light stole in through tha windows, but as she raised them slho aes that it was a true October day; heavy clouds floated over the sky, great gusts of wind hurled themselves against the trees, while in the distance the river rusheod stormily down through the - sodden meadows. It was just what she had onged to see for liher own sake as well as oher husband's she wished the old associations to be revived, and as she stood by the window she lot her mind dwell once more on her first introduction to the here of her dreams. A atol in the gallery outside broke in upon her thoughts. She raised her head joyfully and hurried to the door; llichard had not forgotten his tryst I " Come and look l" she said, taking his hand to lead him across the room. " It is so like It was a year ago I" " hope to goodness it isn't," said Richard, "or I shall never got to the station " " To the station 7" said Hylda, loosing his hand suddenly. " Yes, I've been looking for you to put my things together. I got up early and have had my breakfast already." " But where are you going 7 " "Back to town, of course. You didn't think I was going to stay more than two days In this deadly hole, did you 7" " iut Richard, mamma thinks we have come for a long visit." "Indeed I 'Mamma' must be undo colved, that's all. blake haste, there's no time to lose." The color had all ebbed away from Hylda's face, and she was looking at him with a dismayed expressalon that roused his wrath. "I never know anyone like you for making scones," he said, impatiently l What the use of it is I can't sea ; but I suppose you do. I wish you would give me a little peace, for a change." " I wish you would give mwe a little peace," cried Hylda, passionately. "I never seem to please you now in anything, and yet -a year ago-" "Oh I do stop that 'ycar ago' busai ness I" said Riclard, turning angrily towards the door. "It is absolutely senseless ; if you would got rid of all your stupid sentiment, there might be some chance of your being some good." Hylda said nothing. She might have learned by experience that, in any con flict with her husband, she was sure to he worsted; put a refined and sensitive nature into collision with a harsh and obstinate one, and only one result is possible. " Well, are you going to help mo or must I pack for myself " said Richard, after a moment's pause. "I will help you," said Hylda, in a low voice, moving towards the door as she spoke. " It is really quite unnecessary to make such a fuss,' he went on, recovering his temper as he generally did as soon as he got his own way. " I shall probably run down again nort Saturday:~ It is not to be expected that I should stay down hero. You can stay as long as you like, of course; you say that you want me to leave you in peace." Hylda did her packing silently; after his abuse of her sentimentality, she could not toll him that the real cause of her distay was his forgetfulness of the tryst they were to have kept; nothing should induce her to mention it now, and she said nothing until her task was finished. " I had better go and see if mamma is dreared" she said, when all was ready. " . hatfor 7l" "You ought to say good-bye to her." " I shall nalss the train if 1 do. You've made me late already with your nonsense." "But it is very unnsual to go off in such an unceremonious way," said Elylda, who dreaded the comments of her rela tions almost as much as she dreaded her husband's anger. " You need not be always dinning your good breading into my oars," said Richard, as he rang the bell for the portmanteau to be carried downstairs. "I know how to behave, thank you. Come, say good.bye, there's a good girl." He gave her a kiss, and, taking up his rug, hurried off without waiting for a reply. flylda listened to his footsteps as they died away; she would not let hirself cry, for she know that in a few minutes she must moot her mother at the breakfast tabloe, and she could not hope to explain Richard's departure calmly if she gave way tt her teotr. o\wv. Mrs O.rlyl., aucepted her excuses without asking any questions; she took her daughter for a walk in the morning and for a drive in the afternoon, and all through the day her cheerful chit-chat fall upon )ylda's worn nerves like the continual dropping of a rainy day. She was thankful when bed-time came, but sihe could not sloop, and as soon as the house was still, siahte wrapped herself in hoer drssing-gown, and went to keep the solitary watch in her old chamber. No one seemed to have made any use of the room since she had loft it, and she shivered 4 little as she set her lamp down upon the writing-table; the air felt as chilly as that of a vault, and the mournful fancy crossed her mind that the watch she came to keep was a watch beside the dead. How many hopes and ideas had boon born in that room, frail innocents that had been slaughtered by the keen blade of experience I She looked sadly at the books that she had left upon the shelves, and wondered whether they felt more lonely and neglected than those she had taken with her, and which spent their days in a certain box at Beryl Villa. But the books could only gaze back at her speech losaly, and, sitting down at the table, shlid opened one of the drawers, and turned over somo of the papers that lay withii it. The first thing that met her eye was the syllabus of the leootures that had made sucht an ora in her life; her hand trembled as she touclhed it, but foritug herself to the effort, she took it out and laid It before her on the table. " The Evolution of Revolt. The Germ of Freedom. Desire passing into Thought and Thought into Eproassion." How well sheo remermbered the plmses Seutence after senteuco of Richard's lectures came back to her mind as she sat thlere, and she could almost hear his resonant voice declaiming the high-sounding periods. WVhat a trumpet-peal his eloquence had boen to her then I How was it now It poemod no more than sounding brass of a tinkling cymbal ? She tried to think the matter out di. .pssionatoly, as though it were another's interest and not her own. Was it that access to her husband's papers had shown her that mseet of his utterances were no more than a clever stringing together of other mon's ideas ? Not altogether; it is not given to everyone to be original, and to assimilate the thoughts of others is no crime if they be repeated with sincerity. But hero came in the haunting dread was Richard sincere in his opinionsl She had no doubt that Ralph Rhodes was absolutely sincere, even when he said that every aristocrat and plutocrat ought to be ground to powder and made into broead for the starving populace; he was mistaken and extravagant of course, but he would have proved his words cheerfully at the stake. But when Rilchard poured out the foaming torrents of his wrath against tyrants, and urged upon his audience the sublime duty as wellas the privilege of Freedom, it was no more than "claptrap," as he would himself have confessed-all in the day's work, and paid for at so much the hour! With what a sneer would he silence her .now if she were to show him the essay that she took from the drawer, and turned over with a pang of remembrance. " Every human soul has a right to its own development. Domestic tyranny is as foul a crime as national tyranny. but it will continue to be perpetrated so long as its victims are weak encugh to submit." Her pen had flown along the lines with lightning speed, while her cheeks flushed and her eye kindled at the recollection of the spirit-stirring .uttorances that had awakened her response. She turned to the last page and looked at the blue pencil scrawl that had once boon no precious to her-".dn eteedi gly strihiny amid cell-wrillttn essay." How her heart had glowed as she read it, and now she felt as if her heart was nothing but a heap of grey ashes, in which not one smouldering spark remained. She pushed the papers suddenly away with a feeling of sick hopelessness; what was Freedom after all-she had snatched at it with eager hand, and had discovered that it was only Bondage in disguise I Little as she knew It, the very same matter was being discussed- at the same moment in Richard's study at Uoryl Villa. He had telegraphed to his future brother in-law that he was returning to town, and the same hour that witnessed Hylda's bitter vigil saw the two men conversing amid clouds of smoke. (To be Continued) 