St. John's Church. SUBSTANCE OF A SERMON PREACHED IN Sr-. JoIN's Cnuncn ON Su:D.%Y JUNE 19rI. Subject.-The Inspiration of the, Scriptures. Text. 2 Peter, 1.21. "Holy men of God spake as they were moved by, thoe Holy Ghost." This important subject is worthy of con sideration as a means of awakening con fidence in the Bible, or to increase and: strengthen thi confidencs of those who6 accept it as God's word. The Booklteel encourage. criticism. It will st closest scrutiny. doubts concemnis would only go to sniauio6 elf se honestly and itttentively read jt, their doubts would soon begin to disappear. I he Book itself bears out its own claim, it has the stamp of divinity upon it, what we discover in the Book is consistent with its claim to inspiration. I. W hat does Inspiration consist in ? Some one will perhaps say. " Of course the Bible is inspired, so is Plato, so is the. Koran, so is bhakespcar." In whatever sense this may be true of such writings, we mean something entirely different when we speak of the Bible being inspired." Some books and some men are inspiied in a lower sense, they quicken the emotions they rouse the conscience, they strcngthem the will. One feels refreshed audinvigor orated by contact with them. The Inspiration of the Bible consists in this. It is written from God's point of view; and gives God's thoughts about things From beginning to end of this Brok wo - find words of this character. " Thus saith. the Lord" again and again. The write-s claim to give God's thoughts with regard to the subjects they have in hand. If they speak of man, it is in his relation to God; if they speak of evil and wrong doing, it is as God views it, i e. as sin. The History of England is written. from man's point of view; the History of Israel is written from God's point of view,. and that is the great difference between. them. If then the Bible contains God's thoughts, He must have given the thoughts. For 1 Cor. ii.ll. "What man knoweth the things of man save the spirit of man which is in man, even so the things of God knoweth no man but the spirit of God." Thus the men who wrote, as our text tells us "were moved," or 'borne along' by the Holy Spirit. They were not mere machines, but intelligent men to whom God had given His Spirit. We find therefore the human element in the Bible, men spoke and wrote in their own style and manner, though under the guidance of God as to the facts which they record. This accoun's for the mar vellous unity of the various books of the Bible, though written by men occupying such different stations in life, and' living in different periods of the world's history. With regard to t nature and condition of man, thbevt- S a- .t"so oa i God, the way of salvation and oher g.oat topics they are in perfect egreement, proving that they were all following the guidance of the one mind. I. What is the result of Inspiration. (1) We have an Infallible Book. It always speaks the Truth. It may safely be trusted and followed. There is no - infallibility to be found elsowhere, this. Book bears out this characteristic. It tells the faults of those who wrote- it-in the plainest language and without palliation. It tells us the truth, that " all we like sheep have gone astray; that we have turned everyone to his own Way."' We know it to be so. It tolls us also. God's remedy for such sin and danger surrender to and faith in His Son. (2) .We have an authoritative book. It demands a hearing. It claims our atten tion. It speaks with authority, and it is at our peril that we turn. a deaf. ear to it. (8) We have an Indestructible Book. It possesses life, divine life. Every attempt to destroy it has ended in failure; many have sought at various times to undermine it and to discreditits teachings,. but every attempt only adds to the proof that it is indestructible. God speaks to us all in that Book, ' to- day if ye will bear His voice harden, not yourhearls." Read it to. be wise; Believe it to be safe; Practice it to be soly. 