MISCELLANEOUS. MOSQUITO. Fighting Britbna—it is in their blood; they cannot, help it. Commander Koppel, who with the gunboate was stimng up the Baggaraa, along the Nile banks in advancing tho landsmen who were stirring -them up a little distance from the Nile, is, it goes with out saying, a descendant of that old British fighting hero, Admiral Koppcl. Lieutenant Grenfell,, who -was slain with the Lancers, is the son of Gcneral Grcnfell, and needn't have been in danger unless he’d liked, for no doubt the "old man”-could have kept him in pocket money without his going fighting.' (But the’unfortunate young officer, like hun dreds more of his. sort in the bid country was not built that, way.) Tljen there was -Cecil Rhodes’ brother, ox-C’olonel Rhodes, who lost his ‘commission in the British army, because ofliis, unauthorised (and unsuccessr ful—mark you, unsuccessful); invasion of the Transvaal • with Jam cson. Colonel. though only , a parson's son, is. no bath-bun and bottle of milk person. . Unable to be in it as an officer, ho got a press ticket an a correspondent of "the Times. And : as: is common with those who travel bn press tickets ho pushed so far to the front of the show that some desperately-fighting Boggard nearly put an end to the ex-colonel's future mundane enterprises by spiking him'with, his spear or bulloting-him with; his rifle. Rhodes, the'warlike correspondent, is in the list of tlio nearlyJcilled. Then there was the young son of Earl Howard. Ho too,was travelling on a press ticket., (The Times seems tp • have been'handed by the War Office agents a great fist-full of press tickets forefront seats in the Soudan.) Ev'eryone piust feel sorry for the death of the jadventuroufl young carl. But let his fate , bo a standing"warn ing to all those who, throughput the British Empire are in the habit of travelling, under false or semi-false, pretences to, shows and other places, on press tickets;. The Times .don’t send out boys of 21 as ; war correspon dents. ■ .* • • i ' ; , , ""W by," asks a lending British ‘joiimhlj in m. arMeJe in Harper’s' New ilonthly Maga rn.e, "did Gladstone hate Gordon?” , AfUr giving a.sketch of Mr. Gladstone’s clever policy of using both the Establishmeht and Nonconformity to. further hik political ondi, Mr. George W. Smalley, the writer alluded to, g'les "or. to say:~“G lad stone hated; Gor <1:n. I never 1 knew wliy—iibr do;I ,think lie knew why—unless it were Gordon’s religions mysticism and entire - religious dependence^” T v me it seems the most natural thing, .on earth that a politiciajl like. Gladstone should have bated Gordon. Gordon^wok-a mystic, an eccentric man,,if you will. But tho un changeable keynotes of Gordons character were c mrage, unswerving sincerity,; the right c .nir.se and no other, that course-to-death, whether it was a glorious- death or what others' might account a dishonorable death, vnee lie had decided with his conscience what l.’a course was to bo. Gladstone, was-the v.-ry antithesis of all this—-an Gpporbunist, us every politician must be. Grindstones nerve was never tested in the actual shock of ibattJe. Probably., like the greatest of the Greek orators, - be would have run awav whilst Gordon would certainly hove staved on to the last: Ainoncrst other British great men a reHgio r raih’tary-.pohticianHike Groin well could have bettor appreciated- and sym pathised with a man like Gordon thanitwn-s possible for one of Gladstone s temperament lo do. Gordon’s steadfastness, his magrifi- physical and pi oral- courage, his contempt for riches and preferments, his devotion.. Ins restless energy and-the deep sincerity of his religious and humane-con victions. all tended to- moke-Gordon .hateful to Gladstone. Mr. Gladstone-would not »u k-w Gordon to have an interview before he left* on lus last- journev to Khartoum. - Of course, he wouldn t. Gladstones refusal , to let.Gordon see-his faeo was the greatest com pliment that perhaps :the great -B^tish-jpoli tx-ion ond party manager couldhave pajd to the character and virtues of tho-horowho, if he had' been properly supportedr—sup ported by only a few hundred British. so 1 - d.ers—wofdd have .made theipresent Soudao was unnecessary, wuld have anglicised East on Africa f’-om North to South, and sazed the lives and health of hundreds pf Bricsh men, and the lives afid health of ;mony. hun dreds of thousands- Arabs -md Egyptians;- ■ Bub'Gladstone, wW began his. p^Jitioal. career bytwrauglmg- m Parliament for the highest .prices.possible4c be paid-;to his lus ; "West Indijui slaves, would mtuitivoly ind uiatnicliyoly de test n m$n like-GoriJojVrrtlie sworn, enemy of all tnnds of slnv6ry—whethor pmongst bb.c yellow men of Qhnin, the 8lavc?striCken w imeit and children ofr grimy Londoui or on, the: b’ack slave markets, of-, tb$.Soudan. Amongst - tho- few ' pouVids. - wnrth.-,. .of property ■ f lliat ’ GdrdWJdfb, ...there - wore: no ; investments' .of emancipation corapensatidn , -Indian... pr ctborw sc So different jvss ,it froift Gordon receiving moAev was practidotly the .ciile of .tc bis own. GoVemment or-anv •oilier ; Government.- Gordon-_from lus -nwi: modest mc-ntblj -wages whicbbc. Allowed him- ■ self as Govemoc,. of . jKjiartoum has nbeon knoyn to pjt Jus band-in, pockof and buy a *° 8ot ~ him b her '’NAw/indor in Lor don to-day of-tho : mini that tlm. bluejackets in Mclboimiptliib mth immortelles when Wio JLWmb of Khartoum? was . fla3^i ) (h&e; right home amongst bur owaisolycs) nuKpfrr trail m thej I dwnf- not, dud- mpre tml wtuvst jthan ever it l--' i- " Lpadtrs m the Stfipol of r Jalk «ntC, of Profoifdf.tbe School of• Actibn; Pgr/urumm and Gordon And tho former I ho letter H6i\\* otherwise , There’s a charaotenstic story of a mq^'al and respectable loading bookselling firm in Molb the one which ho.prc>- mlucnblyadverfciscs: the • obscCne-books oft Hal cm eaoh-t issue of;* a cctetain extremely respectable and high-toned - Mel bourne ■ journal; -Che.- splutfcor--r‘*i,)luti.cr. was i hezhng fond- frizzling concerning. Mar r shall, IIall s t erratic, allegorical nmL non* sonsical. rhymes just fchcn . publislicJ. An ancient main -.wishing dnko to seo ' what i sorb, of ftientah ,-pabft r liim wha being aorj'.cd. up \iop.. .Oio -'new generation, called', in -.at. the . highly moral and, respectable stationer fi m question; "Have you got.Marshall Hah 8 poems,» asked ho ' Oh, no,' replied the Mox*roco-Wind gent, bolund the counter, 1 wo ‘ Could not keep such- things m stock jiy, our "oatabhshmont.: ' Well,., replied the, ancient one, -a hook's’ a book, and,1 only called; It must bo. a very bad book, «, it's wprso 'than some of thorn, 1 see round,hero on our shelves and counter Ain yes.? Replied ' Mon'octf, "it is bod, . Wo.could not keep ■/ it'''ncre. . (A . pause.) But X could;-get you one. We could send for it" - ’'Oh, coii't wait;',' replied the ancient one. ' "I'm going out by the next train." '“Well, A8 : as a spccial favor ifo you, Ivmay tell you that I'vo got one copy an tho shop—just a sample copy, rcind you, that I can lot you have.'' "Handxb-oVer, ,pl enac^_w hab price,’' rejoined tho ancient one. “Three and sixpence,” replied Morr (jcco. “Bub it's advertised on sale-at half-a orown,” oxpostulatwl,tho ancient oiiy. Well, ;ohy yon ah,‘-you 000 —yes jypu. seel tliis is d first-class' rcspwtablo shopy iftid wo cannot afford to compromise our rtation by soiling—ah—^ah- :i -obsc* i --nh—quesf tiouablo books except ob an advance on ordu .-naiy^.booksellers’rratos;!''; * ■ > The ancient one tooki the book, and < (o$ this' is' 0 perfectly: true ■ 'statement of -a- fact) ho: thinks he was -well repaid by>thc.in* sight which tho~extra: shilling gave him into the ethics of the -'respectable book selling trade./ It.fwas very funny, tho booksellers psteutatiously advdrfcifling tlxat jthev wouldn’t, no never,' sell Marshall Hall's books- when e,very .'One <of tjiom- lias in'stockj and sells them doily -(at /«j profit) tojehosoi ovcr calls for them—men,, women,, girlsand •cliildron—books 4D times .as dangerous .and destructive :to mind, soul and body, ms any thing which. Marshall Hall, could write, ,, ? The boolcscllers-generally, are very ..mixed, and inconsistent —especially when, .0; keep in. , the track of the, religious */id Sunday school ,prize 'fdf.-'et a. •that they don’t posses. X )vas , .much amused the other evening to, see , in' the, show window of one' of 'heac individunls a collection of Evangelistic - hymix-booiifl blushing almost out of thdir covers ,because tho ywere flanked by a lot ef cheap.!i*Ven61i playing cards—marked down ' to 4d or >0 per pack—and' a red-nosed , publican, was inside buying half a dojceii') acks- not lor the Sunday school children, you may bet,: but for the larrikins 1 ' who frequent biz place and keep it up till sometimes tlirce in the morning. Then in agam scarcliing tlirougli fcho book stock of : a very rigid' i-lrr<ll;.ee for a work on family prayer or some im proving subject, I nearly fell' fainting with grief, astonishment and • nervous shock on coming 1 across-one of tho vilest and eoorest books in the English language, .(lb was so beautifully bound however, and-looked , so , innocent—any young person - could have bought it, and the honest bpokseMer.yrould have cleared a profit). “Surely, . surely,’1 Oicd, I, when with difficulty I had per y regained consciousness, “surely Mr- ( M’Snuthers, .this must be o no stake/ Surely you don’t, sell such, books as these! ■, “Awcel, awed,” said Mr. M‘Sm-i;h«rs,’’! ye see that we've got to do as th’ ’itliers do,' an’ if w.o'na hac tha’ balid huika in stock alarig wi' the guid, bulks, we’ll lose t he sa’e o’ them!” ’ Some people‘.are sceptical about there being “a ghost” of any kind.' One of the Righold’s men was 'late'at night posting bills on a hoarding near the railway bridge in Mitchell street He was dressed in white, hod white paste, with him,, and one side of his posters was white, and it was a white moonlight night Two young women came along. They saw “the ghost’'gliding up aixd down tho hoarding; They cleared for their lives, and next day.lt was all over the .town that “the ghosts* had been seen in Mitchell street ’. ' '• - 