Political Kicks. Some populous plaoea in the OomberUnd electorate have never been supplied with an eleotoral roll. Returning officer says in re sponse to enquiries : ' If anyone wants a oopy of the roll they oan get one by apply ing to the Olork oF the Peaoe at Eobati, tor the earn Ol 2s t' ' Canning, very canning 1 Taemanian canning, learnt ever so long ago in the bad old days. WhatP Tbe persistent manner in which the Daily Duhwallopera keep federal finance to tbe front. Thii sort, la lid tbe doten. Well do they know how to throw duet in the eyes of the people. And gold dust never fails to blind. All tbe dis oussion is about the finanoial aspeot of fede ration ; nary a word about the constitutional aspect of the hotoh-potoh fetteral trap. The Mbeoubt u great on it, and the others yelp to order in tbe same tune and a different key. Simple folks imagine that the Daily Bootjack is opposed to the federal scheme. Don't believe it. It will keep the discussion hovering round finance until tbe lost moment, then, whether the muddle is straightened out or not, it will adviBe the acceptance of the Convention Bill and whoop for it all it knows. As to whether the fetterall plan will help tbe growing democracy of Tasmania in soy way, the policy of emotber-it-up is sedu lously observed. Well do our political perieliere and tlieirnewspaperearis know that it is inadvisable to allow each a question to be raised. As Toamanian workers struggle up towards freedom the power of the old political parasites grows beautifully less. They know it, and want to retain power. Freedom P Subbisb I Perish freedom 1 Doesn't every little advance in eduoation, every democratic innovation in the franchise and in administration, shift one or other of the old men of the sea from the shoulders of the oountry F In ten years time, for in Btance, what show does anybody think each hopeless cases as Dobson, Fy»b , HiddleBtone, Crisp, Booke, and Crosby will have to pose as their country's lawmaker* P * * * No wonder they want federation. Their beloved Upper Hjpuse is re-incarnated in the federal Senate. It must, being elected by big constituencies and professedly represen tative of minorities, neoessarily be a means for blooking all reform— a Fatmon'e Hosse. And the constitution oannot be altered without recourse to what will be practically war. Good thing this for tbe specially privileged classes. Now, seeing that the old incompetent political mosquitoes — incompetent, that is, to do aught but suck the nation's life-blood — now have a chance to rivet the manacles on democracy, aren't they going to take advantage of it? Bather ! And howl as they may abont finance, every petrified fossil who has accumulated pieces, privi leges, or vested wrongs, will be found voting for fetterotion on June 3. And the poor tom-fool workers will be rounded up to help riret the chains on — themselves. Notwithstanding the fact that every labor party, every democratic party in the colonies, is strenuously opposing the scheme, Toseie toilers ate expected to duti fully help those who have ever been their enemies. Some day they'll wake up like the workers of America — to find themselves securely leg-ironed. * a » Bingrose Wise, the distrnsted of all ear nest democrats in his own colony, the law yer who chose legal sharkdom and allowed himself to be made a footwipe for the equally discredited Kiama Ghost raiser, when he bad the chanoe to make a name for himself as tl-e people's champion, is to deliver an addrens in favor of the Bill. Of course lie was fine of the delegates, and, like a cunning lawyer, knows how to make the manacles look like diamond bracelets to the poor cobwebbed eyns of the unsophisti cated citizens of this Bleepy province. His class is a privileged class. Uncb grist will come to the mill of that class by reason of the supremely slipshod architecture of the Bill. It is the specially privileged class in each colony who are so strongly advocating federation. Is a nod as goad as a wiuk P What a pity the mean little sectarian in fluence cannot be added to the arsenal of those who are striving to legiron the people to an indiBsolnble federation ! It must grieve the political scooterers sadly that such a reliable weapon has to be tempora rily laid aside; though probably before polling day the fact that Cardinal Moran does not support the Bill will be quoted as good and sufficient reason for every good Orangeman to vote for it. Also, somebody is nearly bound to point out that the Bill is a vast No- Popery plot (under clauuo 44), and declare that every son of the Church should proceed to wipe the flare with tbe unclean thing in the most approved Donuybrook fashion. Ber nard Wise, who is to deliver an apology for the Bill at the Town Hall, on Monday night, was for years a very obedient dis ciple of Parkes, ihe now ilmoBt forgotten politician who was Buch an adept at waving the bloody shirt of Beotariamsm. Oould not WiBe pull the chestnuts out of the fire for Tasmania's fatmeu by dropping a gentle Parkeeiau hint about the federal influence of the Pope or the nx'i-federal leanings of Orange William's ghist P Can't WiBe in vent a federal edition of tbe Kiama gliOBt and make a name for himtelf P ? Stated on good authority that Premier ] Beid has a Federal proposal up bis eleeve in the event of the present bilious bill not being carried. It will aim a good deal nearer unification than the present notch - potoh proposal. George Hiddlestone annonnces Mb inten tion of running for the Uobart seat if a vaoancy should occur by A. I. Olarfc's ac ceptance of the judgeship. Resurrection pie! * ♦ * Clause 40 of the Commonwealth Bill readB that '- Until the Parliament: otherwise pro vides' the franohise will be that of the more numerous Houte of tbe State Parlia ment. Clause 41 protects the rights of electors of states, ' wuile the bight con tinues.' Yet Lawyer Propsting contends that the Federal Parliament cannot curtail thn franchise. What eminent constitutional lawyers some of onr FetteratiouiBts are. And what a muddlesome Bill ! The A.N.A. Faddleration agitation ib a queer sad-eyed one- legged contraption, under the patronugo of eminent legal talent and the grotesque wink of Mr. Crooke. On Thursday the bally agitators took pos session of the Ware-Btreet rendezvous and occupied the front row of seats, leaving the rear to the few North Hobart natives who dared to come in out of the wet. lion. Syndicate Grant wobbled over an hour and a qnarter's talk, and the fetterationists fully appreciated the oahbre of at least one of Tasmania's Ten Best lion, who with praise worthy painstaking explained that the Commonwealth Bill was only a Draft Bill; but that the English Government would Sat it into fitting shape for presentation to [er Majesty. Lawyer Propsting then had a say about the 'most Democratic' con stitution, and Archdeacon Whitington held forth on the virtues of ' spiced Federation soup.' The parson was gaetronomically en thusiastic and the meeting concurred. As it was then proposed to pass a resolution in favor of Pet t oration, JanioB Paton explained that Australian Democracy was dissatisfied with the bill, especially condemning the powers of the judicature. When he had finished the majority went home to think, perchance to sleep on the bill, and the small federation contraption passed their own resolution. It did them proud. 