FEDERATION BILL. 'Say ' yes.-' pleaded Bill to the girl when he met her. " . With hope indiis accent and truth in his eyes ; ' I dou't mean to say that you couldn't do better— I haven't atteiiinted to win vnu with Hob But I say, 'dou't give way to your temper perverse, Just take nie'for better thau one that were worse. ' The things saidacainst me are mostly the railings Of foxy old M.P s n'hbse game you don't know ; They draw up a list of my natural failings, - And don't give my virtues the ghost of a show. Shut your eyes aiid your fears will in silence disperse; Take Bill for much better thau one that were . worse..' - ' ' . . I;. - You must have a Bill, a you've freely admitted. 'Ti8 time your affectious were properly placed — Of all willing women, the ones to be pitied. Are flirts who get finally married iu haste; YYhich mistake, wheu awake to its folly, they curse. Accept me for. better than anything woree. 1 I'm healthy and strong, I've a clean constitution . To the best ot my fricuds' honest ardent belief. And the plans that I'd put into swift execution YVoiild safeguard your future from coming to grief. ... Sol guess youlisay 'Yes'; you will not be averse To accepting this Bill for a better than worse.' Miss A. took bi hand iu a mauuer confiding, But did not reply \vith the three-lettered word. ' My answer,' sIib said, needsalotof deciding — You'll get it in writing, dtfar boy, on the Third.' ' Yes,' or No ' — writteu so, it is bound to be terse: Will she take Bill for better, or wait for a worse S — Bulletin. Dr. S. P. Preston, Lynchburg, Va., writes — 1» have been very much pleased with Sander & Sons Eucalypti Extract iu the first stage of phthisis, us ing it as an inhalation from a bronchitis-kettle. 1 never used any other preparation than Sanders,' as I have found the others to be almost useless.' — Dr. A. S. Roberts, La Cvgne, Kansas, writes 'I uso Sander. & Sous Eucalypti Extract in disorders of the respiratory tract, diphtheria, dysentry, etc. It is a favorite drug with me; and Sander & Sons prepara tion is the desiratum long wished for the other differ" ent preparations ot the drug being anything hut satisfactory. — Insist getting Sander & Sons Euealr ypti Extract, or else you will be supplied with worthless oils. In giving evidence at the Moree Police Court ou Friday Tommy Pitt (aboriginal), who has been following various callings, gave his present occupa tion as a "book maker.' The noble army of metalii cians ought to-giye Lim a public reception to tbeif ranks. ' ' . 