Notes. Saved, Thank God! The young woman, Miss Lily Gorrick, who was the victim of the dreadful frfinrcp.-sfcrGet traeedv on Tuesday, August 30th, was a convert of the C.M.M. Deeply impressed by a sermon preached by the Superintendent on Sunday, July 31st., poor Miss Gorrick was influenced to stay to the after-meeting. One of our earnest Christian Endeavourers got into conver sation with her, and soon the young woman was led into the Superinten dent's room, where Sister Helena pointed the anxious soul to a living Saviour. We remember the scene very well. It was considered a very satisfactory case of conversion. Sister Marie afterwards visited the young woman in the house now rendered notorious by the recent dreadful scene, and found her happy in the knowledge of sins forgiven. Since the tragedy, Sister Marie has again visited the house, this time to carry comfort to poor Mrs. Lisson, the sister of the murdered girl. * * 'Out of the ^s illustrating the diffi Mouth of culties in the pathway of Babes ' converts of the C.M.M., who are connected with Churches of the Sacrameritarian order, we may refer to the strange experience of a railway man converted in the Hall just three months ago. Those present at the Consecration Service last Saturday evening are not likely soon to forget the burning words of this good man. With tears streaming down his cheeks he told of the opposition of the Ritualistic clergy man to his simple efforts to spread abroad the news of his salvation. We laughed and cried in turns as the dear fellow gave us details of the clergyman's anger. ' But, sir, if 1 want to say ' Amen' I can't do it in your Church.' ' The Church,' answers the irate man, ' is no place in which to say Amen.' But if I feel it, it must come out, sir.' ' You have no right to go about the parish preaching as you are doing.' 'But, sir, I can't keep quiet; bless you, the Lord has done so much for me, I must tell of it.' ' Look you here,' says the now thoroughly angry parson, ' I'll not waste my time talking with such as you,' and off lie marches in high dudgeon. The simple-hearted fellow calls him back and softly says, ' Pardon me, sir, but that is no way to talk to your people. I'm only an ignorant man, and you know more than I do. Show me, sir, where I am wrong.' Alas, the Sacerdotalist was ignorant as a babe of the way of salva tion through faith, and had no word to give. This poor man is literally ' red hot for service.' He has just been reading the life story of Billy Bray, a man whom in some degree he reminds one of. The man's whole household have been brought to the feet of Christ. They have all now joined themselves to the Congregational Church in the suburb in which they live. The Lord bless them 1 * * * Droppings A l™f peering as of the sembled at last Satur Shower. day's Consecration service. Would that our people from surrounding circuits would join us at this blessed meeting ! The Centenary Hall on Saturday night was a veritable place of weeping. The leader had had a special revelation of Christ during the week, and as he told of it, a subdued feeling took possesion of the whole meeting. We went to prayer, for half an hour — oue after another the people pleaded for the coming of the Holy Ghost. A holy excitement filled the place ; sobs and cries, subdued, but full of meaning, were heard all around us. Strong men ' wrestled with the angel,' and ere the remarkable meeting closed, nearly a couple of hundred people pledged themselves to seek an answer to the prayer offered in unison by them all, ' Lord', what wilt Thou have me to do?' Each man, each woman is pledged to seek a personal answer to this great question. * * * The Superintendent has Rev. C. H. just received an iuterest Yatman. ing letter from this de voted servant of God, whose visit to Sydney some two and a-half years ago is still a very blessed memory, to many. . .The. following sen tences will be read with special interest by many. ' I am trying hard to arrange an Anstralasian tour for souls, and feel led by the Spirit. 1 hope the way may open, and that a mighty harvest of sinners soundly saved may be the result. Just the first moment I can reach a decision I will write you, and whatever we may plan in a general way, let it be fixed that at some date, in the fine York-street Hall we go in for a mighty revival.' We are sure that from many a heart will go up a fervent Amen to all this. The Lord send along our beloved brother, and that Soon ! * * * The Eev. A. R. Edgar Melbourne reached London in safety C.M.M. last week. Many prayers are being offered that our Brother may soon be back at his work again. Mr. Tregear seems to be carry ing on the work in fine style during his Super's absence. Last Saturday's Spectator announces the contemplated opening of still another branch, to be known as the ' Central Mission Hospice,' and also the holding of a ' Great Social and Rescue Work De monstration ' in the Town Hall, with Justice Hodges in the chair, the Hon. &. J. Peacock, Dr. Abrahams (the Jewish Rabbi), and the President of the Conference as the speakers. On Sun day, the 18th, Mr. Tregear takes the great Exhibition Building for the anniversary of the Mission. The work accomplished at Lonsdale- street during the brief space of six years is truly wonderful. For it all we heartily praise God. * * * We deeply regret to find Legalised that the Tasmanian Go Gambling, vernment have lately passed an Act legalising racecourse consultations, 'on the con ditions that the sum of £10,000 shall be deposited with the Colonial Treasurer as security, and that the drawing of each consultation shall be under the supervision of Government officials.' This is bad reading, and is but another indication of the low type of morality that seems to dominate several of our Colonial legislatures. As a natural corollary to this unfortunate action, a ' Colonial Consultation Company, Limited,' is being formed, with a capital of £30,000, to give practical effect to the action of said Government. It is expected that 150 per cent, per annum will be paid to the shareholders. We have no doubt but that the whole capital will be instantly forthcoming on these terms, so strong is the hold that this whole devilish lust for gain has obtained upon the people. As surely as the Lord God liveth, in this matter He will ' make inquisition for blood.' For all the crying and heartbreak, for all the hunger and the misery that will be the inevitable fruitage of this gambling under govermental patronage, the great God will demand payment. When, oh ! when will the governments of Austral asia grasp the great truth that it is righteousness alone that exalteth a nation ? * * * ? About a month ago an Button- earnest young worker of holing. the C.M.M.— an Under graduate of the Sydney University — ventured to ' button-hole ' a young man at the Centenary Hall service. After the congregation left the building that Sunday night, this young man found Christ and at once joined the Church. A fortnight afterwards he brought his two brothers to the service, both of whom professed conversion. Last Sunday evening these young men got hold of another young fellow, we believe at the open-air service. Instead of bringing him into the Hall, they took him straight into the Mission room, and whilst the big service was in full swing, they there quietly advised and prayed with him until he was led to rejoice in Christ, and then the whole band came down ? into the Hall and partook of the Sacrament together. Is not this a beautiful modern version of John I. 40-42 ? 