WILD EELIN:" By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "A Daughter of Heth," " A Princess of Thule," " Macleod of Dare." " The Strange Adventures of a Phaeton." " Briseis," " Highland Cousins," We, &c.; (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER III. (Continued.) "Well, Granny," said Helen, in her buoyant and matter-of-fact fashion, " has there been no one looking in for a moment to cheer you upon this fine afternoon ?" " I've just been weary in for ye, Miss Eelin," said the old woman, in a quavering voice, " and wondering' hour by hour whether ye would come. It's a long, long day, now that they're keeping Jean so late sometimes it's near ten o'clock before she gets home." " Well; I'm going to make you a cup of tea now," continued Miss Eelin, briskly, "and we'll pull your chair back a bit, and open the window, to freshen the air you know and I see your" cushion is all slouched down you must let me help you over to the bed until I get things put straight and if there's any fire in the kitchen, we'll soon have some hot water-" And thereupon she set busily to work and that with a wise mothrillness, and dexterity, and tact beyond all praise. If in outward seeming she was even younger than her years, in her judgment, her sagacity, her patient tolerance of weakness or stupidity, nor good humoured dealing with fractious tear pers, she was a grown woman of quite exceptional gifts and qualities. Perhaps, indeed, her very youthfulness or that appearance of finish and light hearted youthfulness stood her in good stead. People who otherwise might have been inclined, to stand on their rights and dignities (which are Jealously guarded among certain sectors of the poorer classes) became more amenable when it was only a M¡«c!i!(>M«~ing, whimsical, domineering, slim slip of a girl who was determined on having her own way. In her home and out of it this domineering had come to be a recognised kind of thing ; everyone, or nearly everyone, submitted to it who was going to take Miss Eelin too seriously, and run all the unimagined risks of offending her and quarrelling with her But sometimes the timid and apprehensive mother thought of the future-and of a future that might be near. And on this occasion the intruder forthwith took upon herself the entire control of the little dwelling and its solitary occupant, too ; she got the act water and made the tea ; she laid the cloth ; she went to the cupboard and brought out what remained of a cold leg of mutton (that small joint had made a most desperate hole in Wild Eelin's finances-and all unknown to the Btn an- Tighearn) ; she cut one or two thin and neatly trimmed slices ; she added some lettuce leaves, and sprinkled the same with pepper and salt and vinegar; she drew the old dame's chair close to the table ; she pulled the window-blind right to the top, for a more cheerful light and then she said " Now, Granny, there you are. And what shall I read to you while you're having your tea ?" " Jean was leaving me a paper there, but I'm fears the print is getting to be too little for my old eyes-" " This one, is in ? Oh, the 'Observer.' And what would you like to hear about first-the Births, Deaths, and Marriages, I suppose-" "Maybe," said old Granny Sinclair, "maybe there's something more about that young lass-her that was wearing the white rosette-" "Oh, the White Cockade creature why, you're not interested In her, surely !-" " Ay, but she's a smart lass, that one," said the old woman, with a dim sort of smile, for these comfortable things before her had enlivened her spirits some- what way, she has some prank, that one and who was telling her all the old stories-and how was she knowing all about the '45 and the wild men of Glenormiston-:-" Miss Eelin burst out laughing. " Granny, Granny, have you never guessed ? Why, that's me ! Don't you know that I'm a great authoress ? I write poetry, and prose and lots of other things and I'm going to write about you ; I'm going t J describe you us one of the notable heroines of the nineteenth century, because you take everything that happens with such a brave heart, and you never companies here have I been in the house nearly half an-hour, and you've never even mentioned the pains in your back, whereas anybody else would have been groan- ing and whining and Laundering. Have you never guessed not even when you saw your own recollections put Int 5 print ?" The old dame had ceased stirring her tea ; she looked stupefied. I " You, Miss Eelin is in you is in you that's her that stands up for Prince Charlie ?" ^ " And what for no ? Bring the ghost of Lord President Forbes before me this minute, and you'll hear the talking I'll give him !" " And-and-was it yourself there was listening for Iseabal Bheag nan Brecaig and ' . Little Isabel of the Bannock!, " Why, Granny, that was one of your own tales ! It was you who told me of the Provost's murder, and how little Isabel happened to see the murderers at work and how she gave- information that led to her own murder and how her cries are heard to this day when the evenings are still, along the woods there by the river-" "And was you hearing them, Miss Eelin by the old woman said. eagerly. " Well-that is to say you know the girl who signs herself ' White Cockade makes some kind of pre comes of having been listening ad of having heard something ; but I wouldn't believe too much, Granny, or what's in the papers. I myself never heard Iseabal Bheag nan Hrecaig, enough I've come past the woods many a time in the very stiffest of evenings ; but then the girl in the ' Observer,' perhaps she has more imagination than I have-and more time to spend along the riverside. These mystifications seemed to pursue old Granny Sinclair and yet she would keep thinking back to what she had been told of the young lady? who in these degenerate days had the courage to wear the White Captain. " Maybe," she said, " maybe I am not understanding very well. Miss Eelin. Is it yourself that was walking through the Islands-and There was the young man that would be there. to read his books-were you seeing him ':" "Bless me, Granny, you're as bad as my mother !" the young lady cried, -in an Injured way. How often IUUM I tell you that there's no real young man "It's only a kind of ghost, yan Knew - and so is the girl of the White Cockade, if it comes to that. It's all nonsense and make-believe. I don't know any young man who haunts the Islands' don't indeed ; the only person I know who is always there is Mr. Jameson the Keepers-Curator I would call him if I were the Town Council poor man, he's about out of his mind just raw with rheumatism in his shoulder, and 1 cm going along this very evening with a new kind of embrocation to see if That'll do him any good. The idea that I would walk out to the Islands or any- where else to meet any young "man-" " She was seeing him, if they were not speaking," said the old dame, still vaguely thinking back. " Yes, yes, the White Cockade girl ! Don't you understand The White Cockade girl may have been up at the Islands, and may have seen a young man paying about under the trees, and reading a book ; but that is all nonsense that is what they call a romance, and it really doesn't exist. Come, Granny, you must put all these fancies out of your head though I'm afraid I am responsible for putting them into your head and you must take me to be just me, and nobody else and you mustn't imagine I would go out to the Islands expecting to find any young man stroll- ing about, whether he was a poet or only a common person. I should think not indeed ! And here we've been chatting and chatting, and I haven't even read you the Births, Deaths, and Marriages yet-so let's get to work !" But this gossip about the young lady of the White Cockade had occupied much of her available time and when she had finished the slow reading of the newspaper announcements slow, so that Mrs. Sinclair might recognise any familiar name she found that she must hurry off home or be late for dinner. So she removed the tea-things ; she brought the big-type Bible, which was the old Highland woman's easiest leading, and placed it on the table, along with her spectacles ; she took up the cushion, and generally put things to rights and then, with, many farewell admonitions, grave and gay she took her departure, leaving behind her in the solitary little room a prevailing atmosphere of thankfulness and satisfaction and content. When she got home, she found she had only a few minutes in which to dress for dinner, but in this brief interval she managed to supplement her costume with a novel form of decoration. This was an oval plaque cast in lead some three and a-half inches by two and a-half, and bearing the following legend in bold relief : PARISH OF i HUNTLY No. 6. It was, in fact, one of the badges granted in former days by certain parishes in Scotland to superannuated and deserv- ing persons, licensing them to beg within prescribed boundaries. Miss Eelin slipped a bit of blue ribbon through the hole at the top ; she fastened the ribbon round her neck, so that the beggar's warrant was suspended in front and then she made haste down into the dining-room, into which her mother had already preceded her. They were only the two of them at table ; it was not often they had visitors. And at first the gentle, and placid, and smooth-voiced Bean-an-Tighearu did not notice ; but presently her eye happened to light on that ominous intimation and mute prayer. ^ She knew what the dark medal meant. " Really, Eelin," she said, in accents of hurt Temonstrance, "I don't know what to make of you ! Already and this only the eighth of the month ! What do you do with your pocket-money ? I never see you buying the nick-nacks that other girls get for themselves and yet your purse is always empty. I don't understand it, except that you are incurably careless and extravagant." The culprit said not a word ; doubtless she, thought that silence was her best policy. And, indeed, when the elder lady had made a sufficient show of annoyance and reproach, she took out her purse, and selected a sovereign, and pushed it along the tablecloth. That was the signal for Eelin of the wave blue eyes. In a second she jumped to her feet, the leaden medallion was thrown aside, and the next moment her arms were round her mother's neck. " Dearest mummie, you're just good- ness itself ! And I know that money slips through my fingers : I don't believe it's made of silver, or gold, or copper at all I believe it's made of the gossamer stuff you see on the hedges on the autumn mornings. But this time-this time there will be a difference ! Sixpence by sixpence-sixpence by sixpence ; you will be fairly amazed at the lasting, powers of this sovereign ! And thank you, dear little mother, again and again !" So that matter was happily settled. But there were other adventures lying in wait for Wild Eelin, before she had got through with this evening. CHAPTER IV. . In Twilight Land. For she had promised to carry along to Mr. Jameson, the. Keeper of the Islands,, some sort of liniment of strange and startling efficacy and she im- patiently waited for dinner to be over to be allowed to go. And of course the ever-timorous mother would have her take one of the maids with her and of course this Daughter of a thousand Thames, who had an excellent opinion of her capacity to look after herself, would have none of such feeble escort " For the sake of appearances, Eelin," said the gentle mother. " Appearances ?" she retorted proudly " I wonder who is to be judge of the conduct of anyone going out from this house ! Mother, mother, the girl went on, " sometimes it almost makes me laugh but just as often I am nearer crying with vexation to see the way! you submit to the airs and pretensions of the aristocracy of this town ! You- you-with your cultivation, and your knowledge of foreign cities, and your friendship with famous people you, to listen meekly to these provincial no bodies, and have never a word of protest when they presume upon you with their bourgeois prejudices, their empty; opinions, and their parochial Ideas of precedence and importance and showing off. The dear Princesses is I don't believe any- one of them ever saw a Princess, except perhaps on a steamboat on the Caledonian Canal ! And you mother you when they are inflating themselves before you why don't you quietly say to them, ' I saw something of the Princesses when I was Maid of Honour to the Queen but of course they were much younger than ; only, they don't forget old friends ;' and why don't you take them up to the wall of your own drawing- room, and point to this water-colour and that water-colour, with their inscriptions, and attain you could say, You see they don't forget old friends" ' Eelin," said the mother, half-laugh- ing (but yet secretly inclined to be just a little bit pleased over the fierce indignation of her champion), "If I were to do anything of that kind, what would it be but self assertion, and what is self-assertion but the safest and surest mark of the past year all over the world ?" "Oh, but, mummie, you do allow yourself to be jumped on so come pletely-" " They might not find themselves so successful if they tried the operation on you, Eelin," the elder woman said with a smile. At this the sea-blue black-lashed eyes were opened wide. "What are you talking about, mother ? Me ? But I am nobody I am nobody and nothing. I am like themselves. I am stupid, and ignorant, and provincial, like themselves ; they can jump upon me if they choose. But it is yours is you, mother-when I see their presumption towards you-their thick-headed misunderstanding of your refinement, and your shy ways, and the gracious qualities that just make all the world of a difference between you and them- then my blood boils and sooner or later-" " Yes sooner or later ?" said that Beaji-an-Tlghearn, now laughing out right. " Sooner or later when I see them imposing upon you with their affectations, and generalities, and professions of acquaintance with the fashionable world well, I will give them a word or two of enlightenment. Yes, I will. I will say to them, 'Do you know who my mother is do you know who you're talking to ?' s. The grammar, Eelin !" "The grammars good enough for" them ; it's the kind they're used to, she replied, disdainfully. "Although I suppose there isn't one of them who wouldn't pretend to be able to correct your reading of Dante-yes, and give you a few hints about Spanish asson- ancestor be kind enough to tell you what was the proper way of addressing her Majesty-" " And now, my dear Whirlwind," said the slight, silver-haired, gentle-mannered lady, rising from her place, " now that you have finished your tirade against the highly respectable society of In vernlsh-not that you know anything whatever about the people, for you won't go near them-" I would go near them soon enough if they would treat you with proper consideration !" the girl exclaimed. "They are very good, kind, generous people generous to a fault, for they keep sending you invitation after invitation, and you always make some excuse, and I have to go and leave cards for you. But now that your tirade Is finished, I suppose you have conclusively proved that you needn't take Agnes with you on your walk up to the Islands. Very well. Only you'd better be off at once. And don't stop talking to Mr. Jameson. And get home well before dusk." And thus it was that when Eelin of the eyes like the sea-wave sallied forth from the house, she was alone and this time she took her way up the river instead of down, making for the Islands that lie in mid-stream. But it wasn't to meet Dunoira's merino, nor yet any poet or provost's son. For she was an independent lass, was this one and held her head right high (To be continued.) 