CURRENT TOPICS. New Telephone Staition.-The follow ing information was received from Ade laide at the Electric Telegraph Office on Saturday:-"A telephone office has been opened at Little Hampton." Importati'on of Stock.-The steamer Pateena, which arrived from, Mel bonrne on Saturday, brought another small consi nnment of sheep, number ing 99, for butehel'ing purposes. The same vesseel also brought several pack ages of beef. English Ma.ils.-'The R.M.S. Hima lays, with En1glish mails on board dated August 4, arrived at Adelaide at 9.30 a.nm. on Satrurda.y. The Tas mianian. portion should arrive here via %the Northll-est Coast bit Tuesday evening per s. Flinders. 'Alleged Theft of a Watch.-On Sat urday Sergeant IV. Ba.in arrested Wil lianm Benjalmin Dell, aged 14, charged with the larceny, on August 31, of a ladies' gun-metal watch and gold chain from, the residence of Mr. G. Contits, nvermnnay road. He will ap pear before, the Bench this morning. .'olice Court.-At thei Police Court on Satur;ay morning, before Mr. E. Whitfeld, P.M., three cases in con, nection with nonppaymient, of school fees were heard; in two instances the amnounts claimed were ordered to be paid, witlh costs, and the remaining one was withdrawa,. Bijou Theatre.--On Wednesday even ing Mr. Will Wallace's Minstrel and Variety Company will open a short season at the Bijou Theatre. The management announce popular prices of admission, and .that the programme will contain all new songs, dances, and sketches. Tannar-street Church.-At the even ing service at the 'Ttman-street Church yesterday, Miss ]Enid Osborne, of Ho bart, sang. "0, rest in, the Lord." and Master Harold Dyson contributed "Nearer home," with refrain by the choir. There was a good congrega, Libn. Railway Fares to the Shows.-In this issue the Railway Deipartment notifies the arrangements for the horse parade and poultry show, to be held on' 7th and 8th inst. Single fares are announced fromn all stations to Laun ceston:, also .cheap excursion trips on the Main, Western, Filngal, Scottsdale, and Chudleigh lines. A Fine Trout.-One of the first fish takena from the North ]kle after the legitimate season opened on the first of this month was a trout that sealed G:lb. This fine spebcimen was cap tured by a, well-known northern an gler in the vicinity of the railway bridge, and provided exciting sport for fully 20 minutes.' Accident at Newnliamn Bridge. Michael Cahill, a carter, while in charge of a horse and coal-laden vehicle, had an unpleasant experience crossing Newnihamn bridge on tihe George Town road. As the cart was passing over the bridge somiething like 4ft. of the structure, it is saild, gave way, precipitating horse and dray into theo creek. Fortunately the injury caused to the turnout was much less than might have been, expected, but the work 'of extrication occupied con sikerable time and labour. The owner looks to the Dorset Road Trust for recompense. City Councai.-The fortnightly meet ing, of ,the City Council will be held to-day, when the following conlmit tee's reports submitted at the previous sitt.~ys will come up for consideration: \--Ectri Light on lighting Trevallynn, and' exteansion, to, South Launceston: Whole Council on storage accommo dation; and Public Works re cottage in Lord-street. Alderman M'Crackatn has a motion to. move, dealing with an encroachment inr Brisbane- street, and Alderman Wilson seývral, one calling for ni return as to tmhe cost of electric lighting, and the others havhing re ference to: the Benevolent Asylum. Children's Ministering League.--The inauguration of the St. Andrew's Olhurch branch of the Children's Ministering League took place yester day afternoon. There was an excelle-it attendance, and' the Rev. H. Jones, M.A., presided. After the devotional exercises were gone throogir Lady' Braddomi presented the children be longing to tlhe league with cards of membnershlip and badges. During the nmeeting the chairman and Mr. A. Webster gave very i~nteresting ad dresses, which; were listened toe in tentlmy by the children. Among those present on tis ph ttfonrm were Miss Hales, Mesdames A. Green art ?. G . Collins. Catholic Apostolic Church.- The Catholic Apostolic Church which has been erected in Margaret-street was opened yesterday. According to the liturgy of the church three sevirces were held-at 11 a.m., 5 p.m. , and 7 p.m. respectively. At the last-named over 150 were present, the building being comfortably filled. An evengelist delivered a stirring address on the "The Fourfold Ministry of our Lord Jesus Christ, prefigured in the Garden of Eden." The discourse was listened to with much interest. The church is very neatly furnished, the chancel pre senting an imposing appearance. With the exception of the seats, which are of knuri, all the woodwork is Tasmanainm blackwood. The three walls and but tress are of brick, but the back is of wood, the building being constructed in this way so that it can easily be enlarged if necessary. Silver Jubilee Ball.--At the Albert HIall to-nighty the Presentati'on Con vent silver jubilee ball will take place. Lord and Lady Gormanston, the Pre mier and Lady Braddon, also maiay visitors froxm different parts, of Tas mania, will be present. The early gal ietry door will be opened at 7.30, and the ordinary one al; the lower end of the hall in Tamnar-street at 8 o'clock. The entrance to the flopr will be through the central doors in. Tamar street.. Aftier the arrival of the vice regal party, the grand ,march will take place at 8.30, and the first tableau will be shownr at 0 o'clock. The decorao tions are attractive throughout, the supper-room having been arranged ?with great art;istie taste. Mr. Spur ling will also take a flashlight photo graph after the foimatbon of the first set. ' Those present are requested not to look at the light, as it is productive of a bad effect in the photograph. A Thrilling Story.-Another thrilling" story of the sea has been made public in New York by the arrival of the steamship Ardandhu from Jamaica, and is told in a telegram to the London papers. A fire broke out in her hold,. and for a time caused the greatest alarm on board. There were only a. few passengers, namiely, four in the saloon and seven in the steerage. The latter, in a panic, attempted to seine the lifeboat and leave the vessel,. but the third mate drew his pistol, and' threatened to shoot the first man that. entered the boat, and by his almost unaided efforts drove the cowed steerage passengers to another part of the vessel, and held them completely in. check. The heat on board was in tense. For a time it w'as thought that the vessel could not possibly be saved. The women and children on board were ,carefully placed in the boats, and at. midnight, with the other passengers from the ship, they were rowed away by a few of the crew to a safe distance from the vessel, where the seamen lay on their oars, while the remainder of the crew foughts the encroaching flames on board. By battening down the h'old where the fire broke out, and pouring in tons of water, the vessel was for the time being rendered safe. The boats were called on board again, and the ship proceeded on her way, but the fire was not finally extinguished until she arrived in New York harbour. Bendigo Ghost Scare.—An extra- ordinary circumstance in connection with the prevailing ghost scare at Ben- digo was reported to the police on Thursday night. Constable Owens was called to the house of the young man Johnson, who was arrested on Tuesday night while masquerading in female attire in quest of the"ghost," and found a young woman, named Sarah Skilllbeck ap- parently in a state of collapse. John- son's parents (relates the "Argus") said that the girl had been coming to the house about 8 o'clock, and when she was within 20 yards of the gate a figure in white came from behind her and capered in front of her. She threw stones at it, and was immediately struck on the mouth and knocked senseless. Her screams had been heard, and young Johnson rushed out, just in time to see a figure in white flit up the street and vanish over a fence. The girl was carried into the house by a neighbour who was attracted to the scene, and a doctor was sent for. The constable could get no state- ment from the girl herself. He examined the fence over which the ghost was alleged to have gone, and found it to be quite 7ft. high, and one to which he would be willing to give a runaway a start of minutes. More- over, the vegetation inside bore no marks. The spot is said to be the same as that at which Mrs. Johnson was frightened some nights ago. r A Sad Experience.--"I .took a. dive t into sheep-breeding, and on the prin ciple of the breeder that the fittest survived I got mine pretty fit, because my pastures were ineapably of mak ri 'g them very gross, but W[t as they r were my neighbours' dogs were very much fitter, and raced, the heads off 3 everything they did not eat. (Laughter.) I did make anothier try on a humbler scale. I took a shot at fowls. I understood thaut anybody could do with fowls. AIl myy friends told me that the best kinds were Langshans and Plymouth IRocks. I Sobtained these, because tlrhey filled the \- eye, looked well on the table, and be cause I was strongly assured that they Snever lef;t odff Inyiug, except for the ]purlpose of practical jokid.ng. (Laugh ter.). . . My'Plymouth ]Rocks de v eloped the legs of Scots Greys. S(Laughter.) I do noti know how to account for it, unless it be that loyalty and the military spirit penetrateled tlhe poultry. (Laughter.) It may be that this developmen.t of Caledonian: legs is withl a, view to enlisftment in the: Scot tish ReIiment. (Laughtle'r.) . I amn afir'd the g.entlemiua who sold me the animnals palmed off on', ne a Presby 1 teria.n rooster, instead of one of tlhe SPlymouth brethren. (Loud Laughte:r.) . As for the Lang'shanns, they tinuned out equally bad, and the laie Sir JTames Patterson's wat;uchword is now rea.lised in mny estallishment, be Scause tyhee~ is a fowl ?i every pot." S(Laughteer.)-The Administra.tor of Sthe Government, Sir Toahn Madden, at \- the Royal Agricultural show. Read What Amy Sherwin Says: Well Merited Praise.-I have much pleasure in recording my warmest thanks to Mr. A. acunnew for the use of his besautiful Grosvenor Grand--Collard and Collard during our concerts in the Albert Hall; the tone is long and sustaining, and is all that can be desired. A singer is always at ease when they know a Collard Piano is available, and, dlthough' the instrumnent is a Boudoir Grand, it has the body and tone of a full concert grand pianoforte, WLth best wishes, yours sincerely, Amy Sherwin. IHeery.Stockwell, tenor.* Savings Bankl.-The half- yearly meeting of the Savings Bank will be held at the bank .at 11.30 a.m. on Thursday. "?Australian Journal."'--Mensrs . . W. Birchall and Sons have forwarded us, the September number of the "Australia4 Journal." A Day ae "'Appy 'Ampstead" is thoroughly enjaoyed by the East End poor, as is amply proved by the immense crowds who flock there. ever'y Bank Holiday. The pure air and bracing atmos4here to be found on the breezy heights of Highga4e. and its nclghbourhoad cannot fail to benefit those who can only spend a few howrs in their midst. Holidays, however, cannot be fully eajoyed by those persons who are suffering farom disease. Holloway's. Pills and OlLtment can speedily remove this drawback to pleasure if a fair trial is only afforded them. As a cure for rh'eumatism. gout, £revers. diarrhoea, diseases of the skiml, scrofula, ulcers, sores, bures, or old'" wounds, the. are boyowl competltion,* 