THE PRINCE OF WALES' BIRTH - DAY. To-morrow ia tho birthday of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, when the future King of England, and Empororof Tndis, and ruler of ncarlyaixty dependencies, will tie67yeara of ago. Tho ovont is onn that is usually celebrated with more colat in the colonies than even in the old country, and the caure of that curious circumstances ia not far to seek, for British subjeots abroad, through rubbing shoulders with so many peraoua coming from deipofeiodly govaxned 'countries, wh'oro a man daro not call his soul his own, fool impollod Id Heisw «v»ry opportunity by which tliuy may give outwuxd uviJoncu of thoir appreciation oi living undor n sys tem of government that is the freest nnd most liboral in tho world, fur more ro than any of tho republics that exist. Ah hough fuw of tho colonial bom havo ovor beheld tho Prinoo nf Walos, thuy do credit to tiiomsulvt's iu honoring ouo who may ono day ha oalled upon to he iho head of tho mightiest nation the world over saw, and of which thoy constitute an importnntpart. Tho day, then, will find thu Australian colonies generally joining in tho celebra tion, and it Is woll to noto that tho North- West Coast of this island is in no way backward in loyal demonstrations, for horenbouts athlotio gatherings and picnics havo boon nrrangod for. Tho chiof snorting fixture in thoso parts will bo the gathering on tho Ulvor stono Rooruation Ground. Horo a lengthy and. varied programme will bo run off, nnd should commaud liberal lyitronagu, for tho events that havo already bloaod have lillod very woll. Tho adherents of tho Roman Catholic Church purpose to tnnko hay whilo tho sun shines, and will provido dinner and tea on tho sports ground, vith a jumblo fair in tho OdafolIowR' Hall and a social Iu tho Town Hall in tho evening, in aid of the building fund of thoir sacred edifice. Regarding theso sports, ''Early Bird" writes: — Splendid entries havo boon rt5c-»ived, and, givon fine woathor, a good day's sport should eventuate, par ticularly if tho handicappurs have so placed tho mon as to niako the finishes alosound oxciting. Tho chopping attracts most attention, nnd in both events the Holds should be largo, though not ko largo ns tho numbor of ontrio9 warrant, for I am afraid a good many of tho mon have not a "possible" in tho handicap. For Instance, there are among tho twenty-five Ulivmuin O'MIIU nHiiimnj — start with, only as far back as May, whon tho lost important chop was decided, J. Buckingham conceded ifisuo to T. Smith and J. Whitehouso and lfiscc to A. Smith, and boat thorn easily, winning' tho event. Now, with no intervening performances, tho first-named receives lxsecs and tho two latter only 7scc, in tho samo sizod timbor. Then J. Smith, who at Doloraine got third in tho small block championship, and has won suvoral ovents since, is iu front of many men he has conceded a start to and defeated. Thero are fully fifteen who havo not a ghost of a chance, and of tho balance tho winner may como from only ono of tho following:— J. Bucking- bam (ecr). W. II. Chollin (5sco), T. Pottit (7soc). E. L. Martin (lOsec), D. J. Man- son (I3soo), A. Goold (20i-c), J. Smith (20soc), and H. Buckingham (20soc) ; but tor choice I shall nlaco W . H. Chellis, I ; J. Smith, 2 ; E. L. Martin, 3 ; J. Buck ingham, 4. With Pottit for a aumriBO. Of tho fifteen in tho "Mugs'" Chop, not much can: bo said. A. Uoolu lias cer tainly a good show, and I shall tip tho finish to boas follows:— A. Goold (8sec), 1; T. Smith (scr), 2; K. Bahnon (5scc), 3; J. Willoy (8sco), 4. Thirty havo entered for tho Sheffield Handicap, and this seoms a vory open ovont, but I shall pub my faith on R. Chatwin (lOyda), 1 ; A. Scott (12yds), 2 ; T. McCulloch (10yds), 3. Tho 440yds should prove a close thing, hut I shall lip B. Bowater (14yds), 1 ; O. E. Taylor (15yds), 2 ; J. O. Lyons (23yds), 3\. "with r. McCullooh (10yds) for a sur prise! There will not bo tunny starters in tho mile, and, if in his old form, W. P. Donnelly ahouM win from scratch, but, as tliis is a doubtful contingency, I shall plaoo C. Hutton (20yds), 1 ; W. P. Donnelly (scr), 2; R. Allomes (25yds). 3,n Tho Dovonport Bioycle Club will hold some olub races on tho excellent track at West Dovonport, and, as tho club ia in low wator financially, its sup porters may not unreasonably ho ex- 'peotod to overlook superior attractions elsewhere iu order to give it a helping hand. At all events, tho charge for ad mission to the ground — fid — will doter no one from attending. The Anglicans at Railton are to the fore with sports, tea, and social. Tho formor will Ira held at Flowery Marsh, ton ovodts being set down for decision, including some horse jump- ping, alt hoing post entry. Tho social will bo hold in East's nail, and tho fact that Havenhand's band will supply tho musie will ho a sufficient guarantee of tho quality of that. Tho Congregational pio- nio nt the Moraoy liluff about sums up thu catalogue of ovsuta for tho holiday in this part nf tho island. Tho train arrange ments havo been made with tho usual regard for tho convonionce of holiday- roakore. Return tickets at single fares will be issued to-day and to-morrow to all stations, available for return up to Mon day woek. By this afternoon's and to morrow morning's ordinaries from Ulver stono, tickets to Longford and Launceaton will bo issued at nominal rates, particulars of which will bo found in the advertise ment, nvailablo for tho return journey up to the following Monday. Cheap fares will olsb rule by this afternoons train from Launeeston, and by trains' leaving at 7.15 and 8 a.m. to.morrow, tho tickets being available for tbo return jqurnev up to Monday. To-morrow a traui will leave Ulverstono for Launceaton at 6 p.m., passing Devonpoit at 6.40. Latrobo at 7.5, and Railton at 7.30. 