CHILDREN'S COLUMN. A RUSSIAN AND A HERD. .?????-... - ? «e- ? STEERING A SHIP THROUGH A ZONE OF FIRE. ' Have any of you fellows experienced a fire at sea V*. asked Burlton, one of our party at the camp fire. ' No ?' he continued, as the rest of us continued to smoke in silence or gravely shook our heads ; it appeared that none of us had ' enjoyed an escape ' of this particular nature. ' No ? Then if the skipper approves, I'll tell you a little experience of mine which may interest you, and at any rate, will go to prove what I have always believed to be the case namely, that Russians — or, at any rate, picked Russians — are among the pluckiest of human beings.' The skipper graciously approved of the subject as an orthodox escape-story, provi ded that the teller had really escaped ? ' Of course I escaped,' interrupted Burl ton, ' or I should not be here.' '-——escaped death,' said the skipper severely, ' from a real danger. Was there danger?' 'You shall soon judge of that,' replied the other. ' By Jove ! danger I — as much; as I care for it, anyway, and perhaps a little too much. It was like this. I was over in Russia for the holidays ; I had been fishing in Finland, where I have an uncle who has an estate with the loveliest troutfish ing on it that ever eye beheld. I wanted to get back to St. Petersburg, so I shipped on board a little naptha steamer at Kexholme, rather than journey back to town all the way by rail.' The little steamer (Burlton continued) was fairly crowded with passengers, unoom ? fortably so, and I didn't enjoy my trip until presently, while taking a little luncheon at the refreshment bar, I made the acquaint ance of a very young naval officer, named Nikiforof, a Russian, who from this moment appreciated and personally conducted me, keeping me entertained (in English, which he spoke excellently), and enabling me to travel in comfort for the rest of the journey by the simple means of inviting me to share the captain's cabin on deck, though I believe he^really enjoyed about as much right to the sanctuary as I did, and that was none whatever. However, he seemed quite at home, and was just in the middle of an amusing description of those absurd- looking circular ironclads known as Popofki, when suddenly there arose an uproar and confusion among the crowds of passengers outside. ' Ha !' said Kikiforof, ' someone over board; the deck was crammed, and just one more man must have come up from be 1 low and overfiooded it. Let's go and see for ourselves.' But when we reached the deck there was 'not much doubt as to the cause of all the commotion. All the passengers were hurry ing and crowding forwards towards the bows of tbe vessel, while from the open hatches of. the engine-room there issued clouds of smoke ; and, as we watched, out Eorambled, with the smoke, the two fright eued engineers, Finns, shoutiog and blub bering to the effect, I suppose, that the ship was on fire — of which fact all were well aware already without their frenzied efforts. The captain, another Finn, did not lose his head. He hurried the already scurry ing crowd forward, shouting that there was no danger if all would keep their heads, end screaming at the same time to the man at the wheel to head the vessel for shore at . the nearest point. The man obeyed, and in a moment our gallant ship was soudding madly shore wards. 'How far is it from land? Ask the skipper how far it is,' I cried to my new friend. I was, I daresay, quite as frightened as the rest, though I hope I did not give myself away quite so cheaply as most. Nikiforof passed my question to the cap tain in Finnish, but that agitated official was too busy to listen ; and when he re peated it the Finn replied that he might go forward with the rest or go to perdition, if he preferred it, but not bother him ; if we could reach the shore we should reach jt; and if it proved too far away, so much the worse for thoae of us who could not cot swin. Nikiforof shrugged his shoulders. ' It looks aboub eight miles,' ho said ; 'I should say we might just about do it, if we are lucky, and if the engines work so long. It will bo a very near tbing, one way or the other— can you swim ?' I replied that I could swim fairly well. ' Then take my advice and jump out as far as you can, if it comes to swimming,' he said. ' Go deep down at first and swim away from the strugglers, dive beneath them, or you'll get clawed or pulled down.' ' I hops it won't come to that,' I said. 'But would it be quite decent to swim away and leave a whole shipload of pas sengers to drown ?'' ' My good sir,' said Nikiforof, ' do you think you could tow the ship's company and all the passengers for a little matter of a mile or half a mils? Dj you think you could swim home with, say, two old women and a child clinging to you ? or even one child? If so you must be a remarkable swimmer. If it were one hundred yards I might seize one struggler and do my bost to save her ; but if it were a mile we had to swim I should let everyone of them bo. Take my advice and do the same.' I did not think the advica very manly or noble, and set down friend Nikiforof as distinctly wise in his generation, albeit a bit of a coward; but- I was destined to alter my opinion of him, and that in a won derfully short space of time. II. We had made our way forward during this conversation and now stood at the outer edge of the crowd of passengers, huddled for all the world like .a flock of sheep in the bows of the vessel. The smoke from the engine-room hid the stern of the ship from us ; but we could see that it blew aft, as it naturally would on a calm day with the ship scudding at this ratn of speed forward. ' It can't be very pleasant for the man at the wheel,' I said presently, for all the smoke and heat seemed to be going his way.' ' What's the skipper up to ? Just look at him !' I added almost immediately after. The captain, standing batween us and the smoke, seemed to have gone suddenly mad. He was shouting and gesticulating towards the stern, where the steersman stood alone at his post, and he now rushed to the mast, where hung two or three life buoys, one of which he detached and threw into the sea. ' Good, heavens !' I ejaculated, 'the man at the wheel has deserted his post and gone overboard.' 'Frightened by the smoke,' added my friend. There was Immediate confirmation of the correctness of our conclusion, for the little steamer suddenly veered to the left, taking a line at first diagonally for the shore, but carving oat gradually and tending round in a circle. It was plain to the meanest understand ing that she 'was drifting helpless and helmless, and that at this rate we should never reach the shore, or any shore aave that of tbe river Sbyx. What became of the ill-fated sailor at the wheel was never known, excepting that terror overwhelmed him and he sprang overboard. He was never heard of again, I believe, from that moment. Meanwhile the skipper was making a plucky and praiseworthy effort to rush the smoke and flames, and reach the wheel. He was a rude man, as he had shown us a few minutes before, but he was no coward. Twice he tried to force his way through the heat and suffocating fumes, and at the third time his clothes caught, and he rushed back to us a pillar or fire. Someone, with commendable presence of mind, produced a rug and wrapped it round him, extinguishing the flames quickly enough, for they had scarcely caught. But the skipper was useless after this, the fright having entirely unmanned him. He sat on the deck and oried like a child, talking to himself like one suffering from delirum ; a pitiful sight, and a terrible spectacle for the passengers, many of whom were already half demented with terror. But there was a matter far more urgent than the collapse of the Bkipper, and that was the immediate necessity to replace the man at the wheel, for unless someone was found at once to steer the ship shore wards in half an hour or so we should all be under the alternative of squeezing into the little dingey, or diving into the lake several miles from shore — in other words, drowning ourselves — or ot staying on board to be bnrned alive, or, if we were lucky, suffocated by the smoke before the terror of the flames Bhould reach us. The steamer was scudding wildly and aimlessly about, now heading for shore, now right away from it. Yet no one volunteered for the post of coxswain, because between the wheel and the rest of U3 lay the fire and the deadly vapours. Nikiforof nudged me just about this crisis. '.' Look here,' he said, ' will you stand by with a rope and a lifebuoy if I try to swim back and climb aboard behind the fire ? You could haul me back in case I can't clamber up.' It was a noble idea. Why had not I, an EiglishmiD, thought of it before this Russian? - 'L9t me do it,' I said. ' I am a strong swimmer, and a good climber ? ' ' Don't waste lime, please,' said Nikifo rof. ' I thought of the plan, and it is I that must carry it out ; besides I am used to steering. Come, will you help ?' He was taking off his boots as he spoke. Of course I would help, though it struck me that standing by with a rope in a position of safety, and throwing out a lifebuoy in case he Bhould not succeed in gaining a footing, was not a very glorious part to play in the enterprise. Nikiforof did not wait for a reply. He laid hold of a coil of rope, gave me an end of it, and sprang into the water. He was well astern of the ship, of course, in a minute, for wo were travelling fast ; but the rope held all right, and he clung fast to it, and with the help of one or two others I soon hauled him back to the Bide of the steamer. Luckily enough there was a piece of cord with a collision buffer hanging over the side, and Nikiforof caught bold of this and clambeied on board. A minute later the ship's course was set right, and we headed once again for the shore, amid the cheers and sighs of relief aud the loud prayers of the passengers. I did not envy poor plucky Nikiforof his position, though I would have bought his pluck at any price ; for obviously the smoke and flames must be almost unendur able where he stood- and held the wheel. He was, of course, invisible from where we stood, for there was an impenetrable screen of smoke between us and him ; but the ship headed straight for shore and kept its course, and this was proof that, at whatever cost to himself, he still stuck to his post like the grand fellow he was. But a very unpleasant discovery was made about this time. The fire was eating backwards towards us, as well as towards the stern. It was eating away the deck behind the engine-room hatches, and was just now catching tbe skipper's little deck cabin or chart-room and gutting that. But the little steamer continued to speed along straight as a line for the shore, while the minutes crawled by and the Buspense became almost unendurable and the heat very unpleasant, and men groaned and women shrieked and crowded away from the terror ; but on went the ship straight for the grassy bank that opened clearer and clearer before us with every yari covered. Now we were but a mile away, and now but half a mile. Still, even now, there was room and time for every obo of us to drown or burn. III. The excitement was intense. Men were on their knees praying aloud, and women also. Someone had found the deok-boso and was playing it over the crowd to lessen the growing heat of the flames, which neared us terribly fast. And just at this crisis we observed — and a wail of despair went up at the discovery — that the course was altering, and we no longer ran straight for shore. Poor Niki» torof had succumbed, then, at last. But the circle which the vessel must now describe would still fetch us up at the shore. I quickly calculated, though at a point further down the coast. For us it was only a matter of a minute or two longer of the terrible but still endurable heat, and of the suspense ; but Nikiforof — what had become of him 1 Had he actually allowed himself to be burned or suffocated at his post ? Had he flung himself, scorched and blistered, into the wtter, unable to bear hi8 heroic self sacrifice to the bitter end, and preferring to die by water than by the pitiless flames that had already inflicted upon him all the bitter ness and agony of dying without the merci ful finality of death ? Nevertheless, we who crowded and covered in the bows were not destined to escape, even yet unscathed. The added five minutoa were just sufficient to bring the flames so near to our sanctuary that the heat became unendurable, aud many per sons threw themselves into the water and awam, or tried to swim, to sboro, rather than endure it for the hat few minutes. During this period a dozen or more were drowned. I was one of those who preferred a plunge in the cool water to further semi roasting. I also had a faint hope that I might catch eight of old Nikirorof strug gling shore wards and give him a helping hand. With this object 1 swam out a oertiin distance before heading for the, shore, cruising about to search for the man ' to whom everyone of us owed his safety; but I saw no sign of him. As I turned at length und swam I caught sight of car ship. She had grounded now in 4ft. of water,and the passengers were swarm- ; ing out of her and scrambling and splashing to shore with shrieks of joy and delight. The steamer seemed ableza from bow to ' stern, and it was a marvel that a single life bad been saved. The extreme stern, wheel and all, had burned clean away ; there was uot a vestige to be seen of deck or bul wark. How did that heroic Russian rer main at his post so long? I wondered. Could he actually have been burned alive at the wheel? Ob, i npoafible ! Yet it mnst a1 most have come to this. .?'?.-..? ? I reached the shore among the last, thankful, I tru3t, f;r my escape, bat with a heart that waa wonderfully heavy on account of Nikiforof; aud all that day and the next, while travelling down the coast, jogging southwards, in the atrocious spriogless carts over the still mora atrocious roads of that district, I could think of little else than the hero of our escape and his splendid pluck, and the miserable death he must have f offered. But at a fibbing village, called Bieloy a huge surprise was in store for me. I slept at the place, engaging a bed at the post station. There was but one guest room.I found, and this was already occupied by a traveller; but the loom, ooniaiued two beds, an i I cocld have one of them. My partner had I was told already re tired. I opened tbe door softly, unwilling to wake the stranger; but he was lying reading in .his bed. I gazad at tbe man and then rubbed my eyes and stared again. Was it a ghost, or was it really Nikiforof 1 Well, it was Nikiforof ; and I think I may say that he was almost as glad to see me*, as. I was him, for he bad received no news as yet of the steamer's safa arrival and the safety of the passengers, and had expected none until be should reach Schlusselburg ; and even then the best he expected to hear was that the steamer - Ooeana, from Kexholme, had mysteriously disappeared in mid- Ladoga. His own escape had been providential. Nikiforof stuck to his post at the wheel as long as ho could ; but that he said had. not been very long, for even when he had reached it it was almost untenable, the heat being quite unbearable and the smoke suffocating. He had had time, however, to lash the wheel so thai the vessel. could not but follow a straight line for the shore,, and had then jumped into the water five : miles or more from land. ' None of you people heard me shout or saw me,' he laughed, ' being too occupied with your own slow cooking; and if , a small lug-sailed fishing boat had not seen me and picked me up. I should probably have gone to the bottom. As it was I had been a oouple of hours in the water and was at my last gasp when they hauled me but and brought me here.' ' Since that day,' ended Burlton, ' I have seen a good deal of Nikiforof, and the more I see of him the better I like him. There is only one thing in the fellow I can't forgive him, and that is that he is not an Englishman.' . 