[?] THE WOEK f | |PHiG - '? convestios. y.; x 3IK. M*MIM,A1V AT -BlJJBlWJOp. At the Burwood School of Arts .last night Mr. W. M'Millan, M.LiA^ addressed^, well-attended meeting on tiie work of the ? -Federal Convcn tion. He said he appeared .before them in a .? dual capacity — in the, first -place .as a citizen Jike themselves, and In; the next as-inember. for tlie'j district. Before proceeding 'to. deal with the J subject of federation and ? the' work- -they, had done j at the convention — done honestly, and, he believ- , ed. well— he had to tell them that he *would be j obliged to go away, 'temporarily at any rate, from ; this country on account -of- ill-health. He had been seriously urged to do ;so :by his medical ad visers. It was possible that' when he returned he might not be the member- for -Burwood; at j any rate, according to His meaical advisers^ if he j remained, and became- ttie member for that dis trict, they might be -represented by a ghost. As to federation, whatever, one might . believe, they must allow that it -was a great and noble work, which called for the highest national endeavor that our politicians had yet attempted. There were four kinds of people with -whom one had to reckon in connection with the work. First, the j ardent and practically convinced federationist, ; whom- one couldi.understand:',sec6nd, the ardent ? and convinced anti-federationist. whom they ?could also understand. But lyins between these were two sections which '- claimed their attention. There was the large body of peopl4; who studied this question very little, but who 'were anxious, to know about it; and there -was a great dan- I ger that if federating- was not out before that class j of electors they would, fail to record, their vots. j That was what he feared— riot the verdict of the majority, who would. .vote.. . There was a fourth class of people to be considered, who. were anti federationists of a peculiar type. He would go so far as to include _some_iQurna3s, and say that they were willing, to. allow, and had allowed :n the most pronounced terms within the last two years, that sooner than riot~baye; federation at all they would tafee the bill of'1891: arid no matter how :. determined theVfoe of the ^oresentjnove ment, it would not be denied tbat-as an instru ment for democracy, as an . instrument of Govern- j resent and a liberal measure, i&e; bill that had just I been perfected far exceeded in -liberal'tendencies j the bill of '91. (Applause.) 'Now' why did this j somersault take plSc'e. . It seemed to him abso- I lutely inexplicable: A great mapy people who j were ardent federatiohists, even for the bill of j 1891, had recently taken up the cry . that free- j trade would be in danger; and that 'it; was impos- ! sible to federate unless he .had soine kind of as- j surance that freetrade would be continued in tbis 1 colony. Had there been any chanse in the pic ture. Were not four colonies outside TSTew South j Wales in which there was. a distinct tendency to wards protective principles; and there had been I no diminution of that principle^ -during the last few years in which the federal campaign had been j carried on; and was it likely that we were going to retain absolute freetrade against a vote repre senting three .millions and a half? Would any one doubt that we were ripe for federation? Sure ly with a population of . three, and half or four millions in this continent, with the question of war almost plunging .the civilised na tions of the world ? into conflict, surely it was time we should arise' to the full dignity of a nation to . depend upon ourselves — no longer remaining in swaddling-clothes and de pendent upon ether people, but taking our place among Anglo-Saxon people, among civilised na tions. (Applause.) The two main objections to the bill were that it was unfair -to the larger etates and that it was tGo conservative. As far as the j unfairness to the larger states was concerned, it must be clear that, no matter how liberal the con stitution, it must not destroy the federal idea. It was conceded by every constitutional authority that there could not be a federal -form of govern- j ment without two Houses, and yet underlying a ! great deal of the objection to the bill, and under- j lying a great deal of what he called dishonest criti- j ciism, was a desire tc have only ose Chamber, and, | faling that, to so emasculate the second Chamber j as to render it impotent. If one did not give to I one Chambar sufficient power to exercise the func tions for which it was formed, it would be batter! to sweep it out of existence. In every system of ! responsible government with two Chambers one j must preponderate, and that one must represent the popular voice of the people. Having compared the constitution with that of the United States, of America, Mr. M'Millan defended the 'Upper House, contending that it acted as a check upon a Lower House that might be-dispossd to be corrupt. They were -told that the bill was not democratic enough, j because the referendum had not been introduced i into it. He believed that If a provision of that na- j ture had been introduced into the measure a great J deal of the opposition with which it had been as- i eailed would have ceased, but it was purely a ques- i j tion whether the people of this country believed iu 1 it or not. He was not in favor of it. He held that ! there was no solution of the financial problem- un- ! til they met the new conditions which would be' j found in the Federal Parliament.;.:.': Therefore, it [ was better to remit the questiofl' to tfiat Parliament | to scale. The first -principle ofcjfihanee in this | federal compact wag that there should be free i trade between the cdibnie|. A tariff- for the whole of Australia must be uniform, and that uniformity | must be made by^.the Federal Parliament. As to | the railways, he believed the time would come when I our railway system would become a great national | network, and then the systems should be consoli I dated; but the time was not ripe yet. The eolu- ! [ tion of a deadlock would be found in the common I tsnse of the people who dealt with our Jaws. Re- \ I f erring to the federal capital, he. said that in his I opinion there ?was a; str-o-ng feeling in £he conven i tiga, which would probably be rfe-eeboed in the | Federal Parlament, that the capital,1 in federal ter- ] ritory, should be in this, colony. Speaking of the i Premier's attitude, Mr. M'Millan said it was a | matter of gratification to the friends of federation ; that Mr. Reid, on the preceding night, had an^ ! nouhced that he was going to vote in favor of the I bi'3, and that he would not, at all events, oppose | it, nor would the Govef ntnent~do so. 