THE PRESERCE BY TVE FIBE COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE / / BT H. G. WELLS. COPYRIGHT. . \xf T never oconrred VSra?) ' Reid Qjaarvs tliat liis ' BSaSsbe. wife lay si&w; dy>ng »'ii ' until tlio -M3<s.l LwwawmaMV Z very lust _ lairr"- day of lil' ill- W_" iiess. Ho vv w a's " /- x S mnu s i u g u- . , 1 u r 1 y ' » Mnt? heal t h y disposi tion, averse on principle to painful thoughts, und I doubt tliut if in tho whole of his inarriod life his mind hud dwelt. . for fivo minutes together on the possibility of his losing hor. ' They wero both young, and intimato com panions — such companions as many dasiro to bo, and few 'beooine. And perhaps it was her sonso of tho value of this ruro companion ship that hod mude hor, whon first hor health declined, rim many tin uvoidablo ' risk rathor than leave him\to go his way ulono. Ho was sorry ' that sho was ill, sorry sho should suffer, und ho missed -her, as sho lay upstairs, in a thousand ways; hut though the dootor was mindful to say all tho ' pre paratory " phrasos of his profession, mid though her sister spoko, as she conceived, quite plainly, it was as hard, for him to undorstand that this ' wiim more than n temporary in tori option of their Jife, us it would have been to behove that tho sun would not riso again aftor to-morrow morning. , Tho day boforo alio died ho was restless, und after wandering nbout tho liouso ami taking? a short walk, lio oooupicd himsolf in planting out hor ovoaing primroses -a thing sho laid mudo n point of doing now for ten springs in succession. ' Tho gurdoti sho hud alwiiys tonded, ho said, 'should not soom lioglootod whon sho oumo down again. Ho hud rather that his own' work got iu arrears than that this should happen. Tlio first realisation, whon tho doctor, finding nil conventional euphemisms useless, told him tho fnot at last in stark, plain words, stunned him. J'iven then it is doubtful if he believed. Ho said not a word iu answer, but tho colour left his face, und tho lines about his mouth hardened. And ho walked softly and witlt-wliito expressionless features, into her room. Ho stood in tho doorway and stared for a minute ut her thin, littlo features, with tho vyuo uiusuu auu lwu urtio uncs uccwceu.uio brows ; thon wont aud kuolt by tho hod and looked oiosoly into her faoo. Sho did not inovo until ho touched hor liair, und vory softly whispered her namo. Then her eyes opcucd for a moment, and ho saw that slio knew him. Hor lips moved, audit seemed that sho whisporcd ono of those foolish, tender, littlo nutiies that huppy married folk delight in inventing for ono othor, nnd then she gathered hor strength as if with an oifort to spoak distinctly.- Ho bent mechanically and hoard the last syllublos of " an rovoir." For a moment lio did not olourly undorstand what the words woro, That was all sho suid. und ns for him ho answered not a word. Ho put liis hand in hers, und sho pressed it fiiintly and then nuiro fiiiutly. Ho kissed list forehead with dry lips, and tho littlo linos of pain thoro faded slowly into pouco. For an hour tlioy lot him kneol, until tho end had eoine ; and all that timelionovor stirred. Thou thoy lmd to tup his shoulder to rouse him from bis rigour. Ho got up slowly, bout ovor her for u moment, looking dowu'into hor truuqnil face, and then allowed thorn to lead hint away. That wus how Hoid parted from his wife, and for days after he boltuvcd as a moil who had boen suddenly doprivod of all initiative. Ho did no work; lie wont liowhoro outside tlio liouso ; lio ate, drank, aud slopt mechanic ally- ; and lio did not oven soom to Buffer actively. For tho most part ho sat stupidly ut'liis desk, or wanderod iiliout tho big garden looking with dull oyes at tlio littlo green buds that wero now swiftly oponing all about him. Not a soul ventured to speak to him of liis loss, albeit tlioso who did not know him might havo judged his mood one of absolute upiithy . But, neurly a week aftor tlio funoral, the floodgates of his sorrow woro oponod. Quite suddenly the thing ciimo upon liim. Her sister heard him walk into tho study uml throw himself into a eliair. Everything wus still for a Bpuce, aud thon lie sprang up again, und sho hoard him wailing, " Mary ! Alary !" und then lio rail,' sobbing violently and stumbling along tlio passage to his room. It was grotesquely liko n littlo ohild that had sHiklonly boen hurt. Ho looked his door ; and hor sister, fearing what might happen, wont along tho passugo. She thought of rapping ut tho door, but on second thoughts she refrained. Aftor listen ing a while she went away. It wus long after the first violonoo of his grief hud passod that Reid first spoko of his feelings. Ho who had beon a matter-of-fact niuterinlist, wiip converted, I found, toaboliof in immortality, by tho pitiless logia of her iincoinploted lifo. But I think it wus ail imporfeot, a doubting boliof ovou at tho host. And to. strengthen it, porhaps, ho begun to show a growing interest in tho inquiries of tlioso who nro sifting whatever ovidonoo thoro may ho of tho roturu of tlioso who uro dead. "For I want my wifo now," said ho. " I want hor in this life. I want hor about mo, hor comfort, hor presonoo. What does it nutter that I shall moot hor again when I am changed, and sho is ohnngod ? It was tho dour trivialities, tho littlo moments; tho touoh of hor hiiiul, tlio sound of hor voico in tho room with mo, licr distant singing in tlio giirdon, and hor footfull on tho stairs. If I could boliovo that," ho said, " If I oould boliovo — — " , And in that spirit it was that ho kopt to tlio old homo, and would scarcely hoar that a thing within or without should bo altered in any way. Tho wliito ourtains that hud been thoro tlio lust autumn hung dirty m tlio windows, and tlio littlo desk that lind boon her own iu tlio study stood thoro still, with the pou thrown down us he fancied sho hud loft it. "Horo, if anywhoro," ho said, " sho is at homo. Hero, if anywhoro, her, presouce lives." Hor Bister loft him wlion ii housokoopor was obtained, and ho wont on living there alone, working littlo and , communicating for tho most part with tlieso dond memories. Aftor u timo ho loved nothiug so rnuoh us to talk of hor, und 1 think iu tnoso days tliut I wus of service to him. Ho would toko mo about tlio liouso, pointing to this triviul thing and that, and tolling mo eoiuo little net of tiers that lio linked therewith. And ho ulways spoko of licr us ouo who still lived. . "She -docs" so uud so, ho would say ; "sho Hkos" so and so. Wo would paoo up and down tbo-rioh lawn of his houso. " My wifo is purtioulnrly fond of thoao big whito lilies,", ho would say, "and this year thoy uro finor than over." So tho summer passod and tho autumn eiune. And ono day luto in tho ovoning ho camo to no, walking round tho liouso and tapping at tho French window of my study, and as. ho csmo iu out of the night I noticed now .deadly whito und sunken his faoo was und liow bright his eyes. "I huvo soon her," lio said to mo, in a low, clour voico. " She has visited mo. I know sho was watohiug mo und neur mo. I huvo folt hor presonoo for weeks ond wooks, And now sho has coiiie." Ho wus intensely exoltcd, nnd it was somo timo boforo I coulcl got any clear story from . biin. Ho lmd beon sitting by tho firo in his study musing, no doubt going ovor for tlio hundredth time, day by day nnd almost hour by hour as lio was wont to do, ouo of tho summor. holidays thoy bud spent togothor. Ho wus staring, ho said, into tlio glowing coals, and almost iinpcrcoptibly it was that , thoro grew upon him tho persuasion that ho wus not alone. Tbo thought took' shape, slowly in his mind, but with a strange quality of absolute conviction, tliut sho wus sitting in the urmohair iu front of him, as she.liud done so often in the old days, and watching hint a-droaming. . For a momont ho did not dare to look up, lost bo should find this a'mero delusion. Thon slowly ho raised his oyes. Ho was dimly uwuro of footsteps advanoing along tho passugo as ho did so. A wavo of bitter disapjiointment swept over him, as he saw tbo, oliuir was oinpty, und this incontinently gave' pltieo to u tumult of surprise aud joyful emotion. For ho saw hor — saw her distinctly. She wus standing behind the ohair, leaning ovor tho hack of it, and sinil- lng tlio tendor smilo ho know so woll. So iu hor life sho hud stood muny a time and listened a to him, smiling gontly. The firelight played upon hor fuce. » "I saw hor as plainly us I seo you," ha said. " I saw tho smilo in hor oyoB, and my liourt leapt out to hor." . For a inomont ho was motionloss, oiitranced, and with an iiistantHnobuH appreciation of the traiiHitoriness of this appcuranaol Thon suddonly tho door opened, tho. shadows in tho room rushed headlong, and tlio housemaid eaino in with his lamp fit and without the shade, a dazzling glare of naked ilumo. Tho yellow light sploshed over tho room, und brought out everything olear und vivid. By moro roflox notion ho turned liis head at tlio sound of tho door handle, and forthwith turned it baok again. But tho face ho had longed for so patiently had vanished with tho shadows before the light. Everything wus abruptly plain and material. The girl replouiehcd the fire, moved tlio urmchnir on one side, aud took away tho souttlo lining to rofil it with uoals. A curious buahfulnesa mndo Roid pretend to muke notes at his table until those offices woro accomplished. . Then lio looked across the flropluce uguiu, uud tho room wus ompty. Tho sonso of lier presonue, too; had gouo. He culled upon her name again nnd ngnin, rubbed his oyes and tried to force her return by concentrating his mind upon hor. But nothing availed. Ho could seo her no more. Ho allowed mo to cross-examine him in tho most detailed way upon his story. His -tnunnor wus ho wino, 8i> couvinuinpf, atidlua hoiiosty so indisputnblo, that I wont to bod that ' night with my beliefs and disbeliefs greatly shiikon. Hitherto I hud doubted every ghost story I had hoard : but hore at last was ono of a different quality. Indeed, I went to bud tliut night an unwilling oonvort to tho belief in tlio phimtasms of those, who are dead, uud ull that boliof implies. My fuitli in Hold was confirmed by tlio fact that from luto August, when this huppouod, until December, ho did not seo tlio apparition 'again. Had it, been an hallucination hogotton of his own intense brooding it. must inevitably huvo recurred. But, It was presently to bo proved beyond nil qnostinii, tliut tho tiling lio saw wus ait oxtorior prosonco. Night aftor night ho sat in his Btudy, longing for tho repetition of that sirango oxporiouco ; uud at last, uftor muny nights, ho saw hor for tho second timo. It wus oarlior in tho ovoning, hut with tho shorter winter days tlio room wus already dark. Onco more lio looked into hia study lira, und onco moro that fire glowed redly. Thou there cumo tho samo senao of her presence, tho samo hesitation boforo he raised iiia uyos. iiuc inia inno no looKca ovor tho chair at onue and suw hor without uny flush of disappointmont, At tlio instuut ho folt not tlio faintest suspioion tliut his sonscs docoivcd him. For a moinont ho was dumb. Ho wus soizod with an intense longing to touoh hor hand. Then oiuno into his bond somo hulf-forgotten story tliut ono must speak first to a spirit, lio leaned forward. " Mury !"' ho said vory softly. But she noithor moved nor spoko. And thon suddenly it sceinod that sho grow less distinot. "Mary!1" ho whispered, with a suddGn pang of doubt. Hor features grow unfamiliar. Tlion suddonly ho roso to 'his feat, and us lio did so tho making of tlio illusion was demonstrated. Tho high light on a vase, that hud boon hor ulieok moved to tho right ; tho shadow tliut hud boon hor urm moved to loft. Fow peoplo realise how littlo wo actually seo of what is before our eyes ; a patch of light, u patch of slmdow. and all the rest our memory und our iniuginiitiou supply. A ehuiieo grouping of dim forms in the dusky firolit study lmd furnished ull tho suggestion liis longing souses had required. I-Iis eyes und liis hcurt and the humour of ohanco hud cheated liim. Ho stood thoro staring. For a momont tho disintooxiitioii-of'tho figure fillod him with a sonso of grotosquo horror uud dismay.-.;, For a moment it seemed beyond tho sanity of things. Then, us ho realised tho dccoptiou his souses hud contrived, ho sat down again, put his elbows on tho tahlo and buried his faco in his bimds. About ton ho cumo und told mo. Ho told ino in a clour, hard voico, without u touch of emotion, recording a romarkublo fuot. " As I told you tlio othor thing, it is only right that I should toll you this," he said. Then liu sat silently for n space. "Shu will eumo no moro," ho said, at last. " Sho will eoiuo no more." And suddenly he rose, and without a greeting, passed out into tho niglit. . 