, ODDS AND ENDS. Sngar duty of £3 to be retained. Teil duty to be only one penny per lb. Ceylon has joined the penny postage system. A 40oz. nnggeff.mia been found on the Bulong deep lead (WTA.) Mr. Cecil Rhodes regards Bulawayo as the keyhole of Africa. A nugget weighing 103 oz. bas been unearthed at Ijower Temora. Hospital Sunday at Inverell last Sunday was financially a success. The body of John Horn, a contractor, was found in the river Yarra. Labor members deserted the Premier over some of his new taxation proposals. A shipment of ¡E300 worth of lemons from Italy was condemned at Melbourne. It is the intention of the Government to rein troduce the Port Kembla Harbor Bill. A terrUEe hurricane has passed over the town of Cudal, doing considerable damage. Mr. W. S. Flerning.an Australian missionary, has been murdered at Panghai, China. The needed rain still holds off, although scarcely a day passes but a few drops fall. Singer Minnfacturing Company's art exhibit to bo on view hi Lismore on and after Thursday. The iuxnimulated fnuds- of the Victorian Sav ings Bank increased by £356,353 during the past Shearing is finished at most of tho stations in the Inverell district, the clip this season being splendid. Lismore Wheelmen intend entertaining Mr. M'Neiee at a farewell onting on. Wednesday afternoon. The death is announced, after along illness, of Mr. Kane, Grand Master of the Loyal Orange Institution. The Powers have accepted the proposal of the Egyptian Government to reduce the land tax by £221,000. .; " At tho Ballarat Chnrch Congress Dr. Thorn ton deplored the divisions between Christian denominations. Mr. Sydney Smith was entertained at Bathurst on Saturday by a few friends at dinner at the Boyal Hotel. Tile whole of the grazing farms thrown open for selection at Longreach. (Q.) recently, have been applied for. A bill to provide for the'adoption of the ? British Pharmacopoeia in Queensland has been read a first time. .". The ketch Foster, which recently went ashore: at Tomakin, has been - successfully floated, and beached for repairs. M. Paul de Cassagnac urges France to revive her privateering rights with the view of circtun venting Great Britain. An alleged ghost captured at Perth (W.A) turned ont to bc a man disguised in a sheet. He was soundly thrashed. Wm. Thos. Besant, 6$. had his skull, crushed under the wheel of a dray at Wilbertree, near Mudgee on Tuesday. In bis address to file Chnrch Congress at Bal larat Dr. Thornton said that Ministers were scandalously under paid. At Bombala, measles and influenza are becom ing prevalent, and many families in town-are down with these complaints. Tho recent rainfall in Victoria has been general, averaging three-quarters of an inch ex cept in the extreme north-west. Tho ship Mary Augusta, bound from the Baltic to Port Anirnsta. has cone ashore at Dunkirk, on tho coast of France. Salo of work and conversazione in aid of Church of England Vicarage Fund, to he held in the School of Arts next Thursday evening. Dr. Reed attempted to commit suicide at Cnnnamnllu by taking prussic acid, injecting morphia, and slashing bis thigh with a knife. The Wesleyan Synod in Sydney decided that a Century Commemoration Fund of .-EñO.OOO be raised in the colony to relieve trast liabilities. A serious decrease of stock'in the St. George, district (Q.) is inevitable unless copious rani falls soon, the country being in a terrible state. . Australian town life is, according to Bishop Thornton, president of the Church Congress, stained with intemperance, profanity, and lust. The ketch Burnett, bound from Brisbane to Townsville, stranded, and capsized, south of White Cliffs. The crew managed to reach land safely. The Victorian Pjemier states that £8000 -has been distributed in bonuses to the Government employees in connection with the Federal Con vention. The 2-year-old daughter of Archdeacon Arm strong; of Rosedale, Gippsland (Vic), has died from phosphorns poisoning, due to eating wax matches. The Victorian Assembly has passed a bill authorising the Melbourne city Council to pur chase Hie electric light systems of the ¡city for £250,000. Mr. Michael Golding, a resident bf Campbell town for fifty years, died on Monday night at the age of 83 years. He was one of the 'Irish exiles of 1848. The steamer Star of Kow Zealand, which arrived in Sydney on Tuesday from London, bas on board three thoroughbred horses for Captain Webster, five Alderney bulls, and three heifers, and one Devon bidl consigned to Sydney owners. Mr. John Yeomans, a retired officer of the Victorian Lands Department, dropped dead in Melbourne. He had just said to a doctor, "I have never felt better in my lifo," when he slid to the floor and expired. A bill to enable the Governor-m-Conncil to raise £1,000,000 by Treasury bonds has-been carried by the Victorian Assembly. Another bill to authorise the issue of £1,000,000' worth of Treasury bonds was .Uso agreed to. A stack of hay, containing 50 tons, was set on fire at Dimboola (Vie.) on Saturday by a boy of 7 years and a girl of C, who desired to make a bonfire. Half the stack was consumed beforé the brigade could extinguish the flames. ' At Tamworth nine head of cattle depasturing on the outer common expired suddenly on Satur day, after grazing on a piece of land about an acre in extent Persons who have had consider able experience amongst cattle attribute the death to anthrax. . When the barqne Strathdon was coming along the coast, a thick cloud enveloped the-vessel, and covered her decks, rigging, saloon, and cabins with achocolate-eolored dust. The yards and sails presented a peculiar appearance, and looked aa thongh they had just received a coat of reddish-brown paint. At the Albury police court Olavo Olsen was proceeded against for travelling stock without a travelling statement. The police magistrate said ho did not think that the Police had power to prosecute, as the Act laid down that â prosecution must be set in motion by the owner of stock, orland director of stock, or inspector of stock. Tho case was dismissed. . - A rumour which has obtained widespread currency hits been in circulation daring the past week to the effect that tho North Coast ocean steamers would shortly make Coraki the ter minal port of call, and that the North Arm trade would be carried out by droghers. We have it on most reliable authority that there is riot the slightest foundation for the report, and that it has had. a most emphatic denial at head quarters. ANOTHER CHANGE m THE RAILWAY DEPART MENT.-We leiiru that Mr. W. King, Inspector of Permanent Way on the Lisinore-Tweed railway, is retiring on his pension at the end of thia mouth, after ;t0 years* service. He will he succeeded by Mr. Watson from the Great Nor thern line. A meeting of the railway staff lins been held, at which it was decided to present Mr. King; with an address from those wno have been associated with him here. SINGERS' ART KS mn IT-Will be on view at the premises lately occupied by Mr. Coleman, in Magellan - ntroo t, from the lat December, for two weeks. Tba display will bo exactly tho samp as seen at last Coraki and Casino shows. A Lady Expert win bs in charge, and olsssoa will bo formod for absolutely freo instruction in this new and beau tiful work. As the Singer Manufacturing; Co. is presenting' ? Fourteen Guinea Maohino for compe tition at next Lismore show, it is giving the pnblio thia opportunity of learning' the work in order that tho privo may bo open to all. No oh argo whatever ia made, mad the public «re cordially invited to in spect. Tba exhibits ara not for salo.* W» »how the largest and finest display of Xmas and Kew Tow Cards. T. F, Scmcnr, Woodlark« street. 