A DIABOLIC GAME. Ax American STORYJ 14 Gentlemen, there is something more than mere bluster behind my words. 1 am willing to stake one quarter of a mil lion of American dollars on the sound ness of my judgmeut. I repeat that I shall produce my sou, a child ten years old, in comparison with whom the most skiltol ot you mil be the merest tyros. If any of 3'ou have the courage to pick up the gauntlet I li&ve; thrown down to you, I am ready within one hour to place a certified cheque for 250,000 dol lars iuto the liands of any responsible stakeholder that may be designated. Wliat sa3r X'ou, gentlemen ? ; The aceue is the famous Occident Club of Sau Francisco : a club whose member ship includes almost ail the western mil lionaires, bonanza kings, and railroad magnates. Its palatial home is situated in one of the moBt fashionable streets of that city, and within its portals nightly there is wagered, lost, and won fortunes, which to express would require at least five figures. No game of skill or hazard known to the civilised world but finds the devotees willing to offer up sacrifice on its altar j no honored foreigner to whom the hospitality of the club is ex tended ever leaves disappointed in a desire to engage in his national game, whatever that might be. On the evening on which the reader is ushered into this temple of opulence, a stranger presents himself at the door, and delivers to the President a scaled letter of introduction from a member, who is now abroad on a tour of the world. The letter describes him as an Indian gentleman of independent fortune, who is about to visit the United States in quest of uoveiiy. "1 met Mr Mjrrheli in Bombay,11 the letter goes on, 44 and I 1 met him none too soon, i don't recollect much about the affair ; it all happened so quickly that its details failed. 1 suppose, to imprint themselves on the wax of my memory. All I remember is going out one evening, and being set upon, m the shadows of a street lamp, by a gang of thugs. The nest moment 1113' throat was encircled by an iron grasp the blood throbbed tumultuoualy in my temples : j and in' eyeB were blinking painful at j the scintillating glitter of lialf- a-dozen j blades Hashing round my head. I've been i in a good man3T hard places in my day, in the good old times of '4'., but never before was I so near djmig with 1113" hoots j 011\. I was just about to surrender the ghost ; the steel was just within an inch j of my breast, when a pistol shot rang out i so near that my ears were momentarily 1 deafened. There was a shrill shriek from one of mv assailants, then the entire mob ! dropped me like lead and ran. j 44 The man who saved 1113 life was Mr j Myrrhcl1", who. as 1113' good fate would i have it, C3nie along in the nick of time, j I cultivated his acquaintance afterwards, I as you 11133' suppose : he'is a royal good j fellow, despite the fact that lie is a IT in- ( duo, and a sportsman down to his toes. From which series of facts as a premise, I deduce that you must make him wel come, for ni3T sakc.:t The letter is characteristic ; aud, to the President, every line exhales the effervescent nature of his old friend Durnphrey. With such an open sesame there is little fear that the door of hospi tality will remain closed against the stranger j on the contrary, all present crowd round him, anxious to shake the hand tliat has saved a brothers life. The foreigner is about thirty-five years of age. rather undersized, dark-visaged, ! wiry ; with a ahjirp, thin face aud high forehead, spanned by eyes of an intense blackness, looking into which a man feels ajs if he stands gazing into a stream of some atrameutous liquid whose depth is infinite. His face is clean-sliavcn ; and his thin, bloodless lips shut tightly over teeth whose immaculate pearliness causes them to gleam, when ho smiles, with an unpleasant lustre ; and this sinister effect is emphasised byT a peculiar upward twitch of the lips, when they expand in good humor. About his dress there is nothing remarkable, except tliat it fits his lithe fonn perfectly. "Tremendously glad to know you, you know," for the hundredth time repeats young Dick TraviB, who lias recently been elevated to the social importance of a multi-millionaire by the Lamented death of an uncle. "Delighted, by dove Say, Dumplirey must have folt creepy shivers Tunning down lua spiual column iusi about then, eh '? Well, I guess ! HaVe something ? Serves him right, anywa3'. Whv in thunder does he have to go poking his nose into other people's coun tries for ? Why couldn't he etay at home and play' poker like a sane mm, eli ?" Mr Myrrheli politely confesses igno rance 011 this dubious poiut, observing in faultless English, and with the slight est of accents, tliat the mental condition of a person who prefers to travel rather than play poker at home is indeed inex plicable. " Queer dnckj" whispers Dick Travis to a friend ; 44 he looks tlio picture of one of these esoteric fellows you read about, don't you know ; one of those occult chaps aud Easteru adepts, who Juggle their fioule out of their bodies, and then travel through space, in- astral form, to save railway expenses. All the same, I wonder if be plays poker '" " Why not ask him?" suggests his friend. 44 Not yet; u ait. By Jove, what eyeB ! Did you notice them ? They stab right through a fellow, don't you know." The stranger saunters through the spa cious rooms, admiring the sumptuouBiicss of the furnishings, and remarking the air of rigid excluaiveness that seems to per vade the atmosphere of the place. He finally stops at a table where several per sons arc engaged in a game of chess. The white host is managed by a keen eyed, broad-hrowed, tuiddle-agcd man ; whilst the aable army is under the command of several who play in consultation. It is obvious that the general of tiie white forces is more than a match for the com bined -strength of his adversaries. Myrr heli stands watching the vicissitudes of the mimic battle, smiling faintly now and then as the allies make a particularly weak move. "Mr Harding is a strong player!' he whispers to a bystander, with a note of interrogation in his voice. He had an introduction to Harding in the former, part of the evening. 44 Strong player \ He is considered one of the greatest chess masters in the world 1" " Indeed I A member of the profes sional rank, I presume 2'' _ - 4i>h, iij lies wnvlh ten millions if be s worth :i cent ; plays fur the love of :in; game, von know. But I've heard it said 1)3 competent judges that lie's a match for the best European player." "Thank you." He now follows the game with increased interest. 44 Mate in eight moves/1 announces Harding, whereat the allies looked incre dulous. Harding smiles, and the game is continued ; but the eighth move aces the '-licckmate accomplished. Jo ft cry Harding looks up, and his eyes meet those of MjTrheli. " Ah," 5A3s he genial', 14 1 see aou have been watching our game Mr M3?rr- lieli. Are 3011 interested in chess 44 VerjT much, indeed, but there 1113' claims rest ; I am but an indifferent player." 44 You will pardon me if I decline to accept your word as to that. I should be delighted if 3 <-.u would allow me to judge ; for myself. | 4' Oh, certain-, " smiles the Indian, 44 if you can afford to waste your tune on such its 1 " Myrrheli sua dowu, the pieces are ar ranged, and Harding gives the advantage of the move to the guest. There is a curious glitter of satisfaction in the In dian's C3rc as he pushes the king's pawn two squares. The game proceeds, but the American wins without apparent effort. 4 Oli, but 3ou must give me tny re venge. I do not propose to allow 3011 to demolish 1113- forces so easily the next time,-1 says Myrrheli good-humored'. Harding bows asocnt. The result, not- 1 withstanding My'rrluili's increased cxer- 1 t ion, is the same. 44 You see I was right," observes the guest, lightly- shrugging his shoulders and' waving his liand to .signify that, the inevi- : g nicnt's hesitation : 44 1 think I know somebody whom you would have much more difficulty in overcoming ; whom or —in fact, j do not think you could— or k" I see," says Harding," with interest ; 44 a compatriot of yours ?" By this time the room is well filled with members, who have been drawn hither by curiosity to witness the issue of , the contest between their champion and the stranger. They bchve Harding to be invincible. The Indian'® words to them 1 savor of impertinence 1 44 Well, yea," Myrrheli say's in answer to Harding's question ; 44 in fact, a son of mill." ! "A son of yours?'" raising his eye-' brows. 44 He must still ho quite young." 1 " He is - h' is not yet ten." , A moment of silence, and then a roar of laughter greets this announcement. That speech of his is not only imperti nent, but stupid as well. Harding flushes. 44 That's one on you, Harding "' cried Dick Travis, when the cachinnatory storm subsides. 44 I beg vour pardon," says Harding to the Indian coldly, without deigning to notice the last remark; 44 i understand you to say — " A wondering stare ends the question. "Yes, sir— 1 said that my son, who is ten years old, will easily hold his own against you. 1 will go further, gentle men, turning to the spectators ; 44 I will say that there is not a person present in tins room whom my son cannot defeat in a match.'" L2 — 1 .1. . . 4 \i . .1 -\ t \F J to intimate they will not attempt to ex- ! plain the particular form of mental aber ration from which their guest is suffering. Others smile 111 derision. At this moment Dick Travis steps briskly forward. lie winks mischievously at Harding. He evi dently intends to cujoy a little fun at the strauger's expense. 14 Now that's a thundering big opinion . to be responsible for. Mr Myrrheli," he begins, punctuating every couple of words with an additional wink to his1 fellow-members. "You see we West-, erners out here have an unswerving faith in the eloquence of the yellow metal, and all our oratorical jobs we assign to this Demosthenes. He has a voice musical enough to charm ears that are deaf to Beethoven, aud strong enough to be , heard at the Antipodes. A vulgar fellow I might express the same truth by telling you tliat 4 money talks,' don't you know ; and of course you. as a sport, are--1' \ it 13 uow that the Indian risus. and, without any apparent excitement, utters the words which open this stor3. There is an interval of astonished silence. This is more than Dick had bargained for. There can be 110 question that the Indian is sincere ; his manner aud tone are a sufficient guarantee of that. But two hundred a»»d fifty thousand dollars ! Who ever heard of sucli a sum wagered 011 the issue of a chess contest? And what a chess contest A boy of ten opposed to one of the world's greatest players ! Two hundred aud fifty thousand dollars ! Who i is this man who speaks so lightly of risk- I ing a king's ransom on the skill of a child ! An Eastern nabob to whom money is as sand ? An Indian Monte Cristo I At length Myrrheli breaks the silence. "So, gentlemen," says he, with a quiet laugh, which nevertheless sends a thrul of exasperation through his hearers, "your Yellow Demosthenes has suddenly lost its voice, it seems. You are not in clined, 1 perceive, to repose anv pecu niary confidence in our champion, Mr Travis," turning to the latter worthy, and speaking very softly, " 1 do not suppose you intended to be taken seriously, so t— ' " Hv Heavens'.' bursts out Dick. 44 you cau't ring in bluff 011 us for genuine grit. I'll call your ante and force you to a show-down, you bet. If you've got the nerve to support your words by a roll of bank-notes, then produce your infant phenomenon, and, by thunder, 1'vo got 250.000 dollars tliat say Harding'!! eat liim up 44 Excuse me," puts in Harding ! il.. <1 1...I 4«» nu> 4lia1 1 rn quiei-iy, uui il an.uw - the party most concerned. Mr Myrrheli, if \ou are in earnest, 1 accept 3our offer." 41 No, sir-ce/1 roars Dick Travis, 44 you can't freeze me out of this for a good deal. I wab the first one to pick up this nut, and whether it belong6 to you or not, 1 want a share. Harding, I'll go you halves." 44 Very well, tliat is a bargain, if Mr Myrrheli is still of the same mind." 4 I see no reason to change it,' asserts the Indian. 44 Then the wager is made. Have you any conditions to offer as regards tlie match ?" None ; except that I should prefer a time-limit." 44 Will twenlj' moves an hour do ?" ' Perfectly. " 44 Have you 110 suggestion to offer as to the number of games to be played ? ' 44 Suit yourself ue to that." " Then I propose a rubber of three games : two victories to win the match, draws not counting/' 44 That is satisfactory to mc. Let me see ; it is now twenty minutes to oleveu. Do tou see any objection, Mr Harding, to settling our friendly7 little dispute to- night t I have certified cheques amounting to the necessary sum in my rooms, and if you are willing, they, together with my son, shall he here within the next hour. 1,1 44 Oh, there are no objections to tliat from our side. Mr I'elvey, here, will act as stakeholder, if you have nobody else in mind. We, however, do not happcu to have certified cheques about us for the required amount. If you — " 44 Don't mention it; any ordinary cheque, or your word of honor for that matter, is equally satisfactory. Good night, gentlemen, I shall soon have the pleasure of rejoining you." Curiously enough, no one at the mo ment thinks it at all singular that Myrr heli should have certified cheques for so enormous a buui without possessing any fore-knoffledge — as, indeed, huw could he — fit tliQ use to which thy' would Uo 44 Philoston, it worked like a charm." 44 What \ You havan't succeeded so soon f" in a tone <if delighted inciedu Iitv. 44 Completely. It all happened as we had planned. I allowed Harding to win a couple of games from mc, and then nagged him and a fellow Travis into ac eeptiug a bet for 250,000 dollars thac Harding could not win a match played against my son my son ; good, is it not ? 44 You see, ;he letter of introduction allayed whatever suspicions might have been excited «at the largeness of the wager. The7 believe that Durnphrey really wrote it for mc in Bombay. He was the easiest subject I ever practised on —a look straight into his eves, and ' write' I Cry, aud he writes." 44 But Harding will not prove so tract able a subject. 1 know him. He is a man of iron will. ' ' Pshaw ! What care I for tliat 1 Not for nothing did 1 pass the best da'8 of my life auiong the Inner Circle of Adopts in the mountains of Thibet. 1 know my business. Besides, I have alrcadj- told you — hypnotising him will be only a last resource. I am confident that 1 am his superior as a plaTer ; I have defeated better men tliau lie is. The suggestion of the boy as a part of the scheme was a stroke of inspiration. Had 1 offered to bet 250,000 dollars on m3TeeIf, the natural answer would have been : 4 Aly dear sir we must know something more about your record as a player.' But uho would hesitate to back a man like. Harding against a ton-\ ear-old boy ? For how should they suspect that the child will bo a mere living automaton as it were, to act the wijl of my intelligence Not lmig ago John Philoaion had been an honored scion of an honored house, the acknowledged leader of his set. But wine and cards plunged him into a cur- reut of dissipation which held its victim in its frigid embrace, till it finally cast him on the reel of social ostracism. No man need be moral ; but all men must seem to be. When, therefore I ales of doubtful honeats began to assail the cars of Society abo it. its durling and prince, Socieu was perforce cumpellcd to shed the scales wnerewith it had wilfully blinded itself to hie, true character, and the edict went forth "cut. him dead." He was "cut dead," expelled from the Occident Club, of which he was a mem ber, and then slid gradually down the decline of respectability, till at iho time we meet him his fondest boast una that he was the most expert card-sharper on the Pacific Slope. A lucky season of plungiug at the race course had made him temporarily rich ; it was then that he chanced upon Msrr- heli, doing a 44 turn " iti a music hall in one of thote mushro mi mining camps which disfigure the Far West like so many pock-inarks A partnership between them was soon formed, and a plot soon concocted whereby Philoston's money and Myrrhcli's powers of diablery might be jointly turned to profitable account. Durnphrey was then contemplating a tour of the world ; hearing of tliift, Myrrheli managed to make liis acquaintance, with the result, already seen. Well, well," continued the Indan, "we are wasting time ; where ifi the child ?" "Aeleep. ' 44 Then rouse him. Time presses. 1 promised to be back 111 an hour." 44To-uight ? Well, so much the better. Mjrrlioli, here are the cheques. I trust you, you sec ; but — I relj' on the fact that you know me. The child is in the next room. He will be ready in live minutes.' The boy is soon dressed — a poor, shrinking, trembling little creature, with a piteous look of persecution in his eyes, whom the schemers had bought from an Indian mother for a few dollars. 44 Now then, somi'," cries Myrrheli roughly, 4 4 3 U3t look at mc "Oh, please — please, father," comes from the quivering 1 i ps in broken English — they' had cummanded him to call Myrr heli father — 44 don't look at me like that. Mv — my head aches so after — " Myrrheli bends down, and ur.asping the little Minw's chill, forcibly elevate bis head tul I heir oyeis moot «m a level. A lew moments thus, and the chLld'n face becomes set, while his eyes assume a glazed, unnatural appearance. " There now we are ready'. Hypnotism is a wonderful tiling, is it not Here's a child who doesn't know a king from a pawn, yet who will soon play chess with a skill which few masters, indeed, are capa ble of transcending. Cume 011, aonuy ; Liu- carriage is waiting for us. Good-bye, Philoston. If 1 find Harding too strong for mc, then- — well, we shalL aee. Depeud upon it, wo aliall be a quarter of a minion , dollars richer by the time you see me again." » t 14 So this is the prodigy, eh?" ones Dick Travis. " Well, if this bundle of dazed humanity can out- general Harding, I'm willing to Lose my money." The Indian bows coldly. 44 Mr Belvey has my money," says he, "and yours, too. Now lot us proceed with the busincBH at hand." Harding sits down at a table. There is a smile 011 his face which he vainly tries to suppress. He has decided, for his part, nut to accept the money which he will will. It is hardly honest to gain where one ventures nothing. 4,Sit down, sonny," says Myrrheli, turning to the buy. "This gentleman will play a game of chess with you ; do you understand?" 44 Yes, father," mechanically. The buard is prepared ; and the move being drawn for, is won b\ Harding. A double stop-clook of the pattern ordinarjlj" employed in matches of this character is placed in the centre of the table. MjrrhcJi stations hnuselt opposite the bov. No referee lias been appointed ; none is deemed necessary. Tin; fifty or sixty members in the room group them selves so as to command the best possible view of the uneven battle. Harding offers the King's gambit, which the child unhesitatingly accepts. At every move the boy glances up at his father, as if to seek in Ids face some token of approval ; no one pays any attention to this. As the play continues, an expression of surprise diffuses itself over Harding's countenance. The child ia certainly precociously clever. Of course, it is absurd to speak of equals between them, still — ah ! the little beggar is spreading an elaborate net. Decided' he has a remarkable future before him ; at the odds of a rook, the issue would be extremel)' doubtful. What'. Another combination ! A knight would adequately express the difference iti their play. He is full of resources Ah, at last ! Tho little fellow has made a slip. " Checkmate in live moves," announces Harding, sitting back in his chair. Dick Travis' gaze falls 011 Mj'rrheli. Beyond a hardly perceptible pallor, thorc ia nothing to indicate that he is affected by Harding's announcement. Whatever Ilia emotions, he holds them masterfully in leash. The fifth move confirms Harding's statement ; the boy has loBt the first game. Tlie second skirmish begins. Tho boy opens with the Iluy Lopez attack. Of all openings, this to the ordinary pla7er seems least attacking ; but the child soon makes it evident tliat he understands wherein its potenc3r lies. The spectators look alternately at the board and at one another. Is it possible tliat this wee little creature successfully maintains the attack, despite Hardiug's strongest defen sive moves ? As for the latter, the ex pression on his face has become almost ludicrous in its profound artonishmont. A knight! Ho can no more give the odds of a knight to this lx>3' than he can give it to Steinitz. Wait 1 What means the last move? Good heavens! There does not appear io be: any way of escaping checkmate except by sacrificing (wo pieces. He must (hink. He glances up at the clock. But ton minutes to make the next seven moves ! There's 110 time to analyse the position. The two pieces must go. Ho pushes a figure which has the effect of losing a knight aud a bishop. 44 Ha ! whispered Travis to a neighbor, " I'll bot he has a gilt-c?dged combination up his sleeve ; but the kid's a dandy." Travis ia mistaken. B\ several cogent moves, the child compels the exchange of queens, after which his superiority of force enab'cs him to win another piece, and, finall', at tlie twcnt3-cighth move, to announce checkmate. " NVcll, I'll be hanged!" ejaculated Travis. A prolonged sigh that is almost a whistle quivers through the audience. Harding flushes He feels inexpressibly humiliated. lien the third and deciding game begins, there is visible a tense look of excitement on the faces of the on-lookers to this remarkable exhibition. The smiles of derision are no more. In their place have come an expression of absorbing curiosity and intense interest. Trie room is cool and perfectly ventilated, but on the brow of more than one, the beads of perspiration gleam like tlie earl3T morning dew 011 the forest brambles. There is an involuntary movement to crowd nearer to the table as Harding tnakes the opening move. Myrrheli stauds quiet and con fident. He had made a fatal miscalcula tion iii the first game but the second trulv showed the relative strength of the 'player3. Perhaps, after all, there will bo I no occasion to call his reserve powers into | operation. j Harding's fourth move resolves the i.UV L..<- 1 American has frequently defeated I'chi- ' gorine himself at this opening, and when the child accepts the; sacrificed pawn, Harding fuels confident of victor>\ The onslaught he institutes is terrific, but in vain thunders his batteries, The grand diapason of battle swells not louder from his ranks than from the ranks of the enemy. Shot is tu<-r by shot, and stratagem by stratagem Each pi av a slowty. warily, deliberating over every move, pondering the consequences of ever variation Myrrhclfs eyes are g ued to the board ; not for a moment do thov leave it ; 500,000 dollars depend 011 tho issue of his game 1 1 The end of the first hour's play. So far no advantage ie discernible on either sido. 1 With every move tlie excitement of tho audience is augmented. I nconacioulj one grasps another b\ ti.e hand and both press t il the blood leaps w the nails. « Harding is playing -s sirougest. He has discarded the nou m tliat lie can offer odds to this marvellous little fe low with tin; set, expressionless face of a wax figure, and tlie brain uf a dozen Murphy a. K 13 even doubtful, lie confesses, whether, b3T playing his best, he can do better than draw. If he cuncs off victor, lie will accept his winnings. But wait ! Lot linn think ! Is there not a break in the r.ankrf of the youthful general ? The child's last move was weak, and — yes there is an opportunity for brilliant play. But lie must first consider ; a false step ma prove irre trievable. the combination sound ? > No--3'cs — 110; it all depends on the- child's next move. Will he see the dauger I in Ttv Iimtciis ' 1m flnnin'l 1 Harding looks up. He has won. No j earthly skill can save the game. Of that J he ia confident. ! His eyes rest on the chick. He has time to spare. One after another he : sacrifices first a knight, and then a queen ; ! in exchange lie takes one bishop, but he 1 Jus secured a position wherein he can : force checkmate with the residue of hia j pieces. Harding perceives Myrrheli glancing at f the clock and follows the direction of tlie , Indian's eyes. " Four minutes to make the next four moves," Harding meutalty notes . 44 More than enough. The moves ate alread3' determined. Altogether they cannot consume two minutes. On that teurth move, too. the checkmate will be an ac complished fact. ' He so announced aloud. MvrrhcU's face has become livid : but lie is very col. He -az.es intently into t In: child's eves, n,ul the lat.t, rk bps move for the first, time during the match. "Play!" "Oho ' You will fight to tho last, ni' little bantam, eh f Very good ! " Tlie next move is made. MvTrhcli tries to attract Harding's attention, but fails. Another move, and tlie third follows. 44 Checkmate on tho next move," says Harding. Again tlie single ruouo'Uable from the child : "Play." i Harding stretches forth to touch the mating piece. Suddenly some solid object falls to the mosaic floor, causing a loud noise. Myrrheli, in changing his position to the other side, had dropped Ilia heavy cane. Harding starts and fiiokB up He detesta noises. Myrrheli's 0'es are ataring full into his. What peculiar eyes ! He must have been iu error when lie had limntalty characterised them as black. Now a dull, reddish lire lies smouldering in their depths. He moves uneasily in hie chair, but so fascinating are those burning orbs, that he neglects for the moment to finish his . play. i Harding ia distinctly conscious M a wish that Myrrheli would remove hia eyes from i hirn. The wish becomes stronger every j instant It never occurs to him to change | tlie direction of his eyes. In the mcan- | time the clock ticke the seconds away. But ninety seconds of the hour are now left. 4 te'hat the deuce is he waiting for?" mutters Travis, his voice husk3' with suppresBt-d excitement. which agitates the mind of every porscu who has witnesR'-d to-nighf 'aextranrdiuarv oxhibition. What ia Harding wailing for ? Tho precious moments are nicking away into eternity. I'ut one minute left ; and Harding seems unconscious of the flight of time. Suddenly, however, a g'cam of recol lection penetrates tho cloud-curtain of his slumbering will. Ho strives to break the strange, lotus-like charm that litb en thralled his powers of volition. His hand goes forth an inch — two inches — hovers fur a moment over the board like a frightened bird, seeking fearful' sumo haven of rest, and then, heavens ! those fiery eyeballs liavo shaped themselves into needle - pointed daggers, and are stabbing deep, deep into his brain. Pain, a far-off, spiritualised pain, whose seat seems an indefinite distance away, quivers through his head for a moment. Then cver3thing becomes confused ; the indi viduality of surrounding objects arc merged in a general indefinite mass, and the scene before his eyes gradually recedes from view, tho outlines become fainter and fainter — smaller and smaller. With a spasmodic jerk Harding rests hia head on his liand, and with furrowed brow begins to study the positions. What can he be thinking of ? But thirty little winged messeugera uf grace remain for him. The 500,000 dollars are already his ; he needs but stretch forth his hand to take them. Is the man bewitched ? Impatient the tiny angels, one by one, soar swiftly away to tho Infinite Past ; but Harding pays no heed. A silence almoBt palpable has fallen on tlie large hall. AU aro lost in wonder. But ten seconds left! Travis can endure this no longer. His palms open and close convulsively, while his brow lb suff used with a cold moisture. Ho draw a long breath, aud raising his voice till the room rings with the swakeucd echoes, he Blunders : 14 For heaven's sake, Harding, tnooe/" He knows that he ought not to have dc- ie thlB, but what cares he? Harding lcoka vacantly up, and resumes his con templative altitude. The seconds drop one by one in the hour-glass of time. Now are lefL eight- - imw five — four — T wo onlv are left— one - Travis gives one agonised lo'>k at the clock. ' Good ' lost bv the Umit ! " 