IN JEST; PART 2. . On a morning in tho early sprint of Inst year two men stood loaning against tho mantelpiece of a room in one of the government offices. The taller of tho two—ho who was at homo in tho room— was a slim, woll-drcssed man, woaring his hair parted exactly in tho middle, and a diamond pin in tho sailor kno't of his tio. His frock coat was open and his thumbs wore stuck in the armholes of his waistcoat. Tho attitude denoted com placency, and tho man was conipla “ Well, the funny part of ft iB," ho was saying lightly, his shoulders pressed againBt tho mantolpiece, “ that I am din ing at tho Burton Smiths this even ing." “ Ah!” his companion answered, look ing up at him with eyes of envy, “ And so you will gaze on her ?" “Of course." “ Lucky dog 1" “ She is to come to them to-day. But thoy do not know about our engagement yet, and a3 she does not want to blurt it out tho moment sho arrives—so for this evening it will bo a secret. I thought I would tell you, though." Ho stepped away as ho spoke to straighten a red morocco-covered dis patch box standing on tho tablo behind him. It bore, besides tho flaunting gilt capitals “I.O.," a modest plate with the name “ Ernest Wibberley ”—his name. The other waited until he rosumed his place.and then he answered,holdingouthis “ Yes, I am glad you told nm, old boy. I congratulate you most heartily.” “Thank you, Jack. I know you would. I rather feel myself that ‘fate cannot harm me. 1 have dined to " Happy fellow !” returned Jack, and presently disappeared. Tho Burton Smiths whom wo. havo heard them mention are tolerably well known in London. Burton Smith is a barrister with monoy and many relations —Irish landlords, Scotch members, In dian judges, and the like, His wife is young, gracious and fond of society. Tlieir drawing rooms omdho topmost flat of Onslow Mansions—rooms with sloping ceilings and a dozen quaint nooks and corners—are seldom empty during tho regulation hoiirs., ,.-J. This particular dinner party tad been planned with some care. “Lady Linacre will! come, no doubt,” Mrs. Burton Smith hn[d said one day at breakfast, conning a list she held in her hand, “ and Mr. May." But Burton Smith strongly objected to May. _ “ Ho will talk of nothing but India,” he protested, “and- the superiority of Calcutta over London. A little of these Bombay ducks goes a long way*, my “ Well, James,".Mrs. Burton Smith replied—the Hori. Vcreker -May is a son of Lord Hawthorn—"he will tnko me in and I do not mind. Only I must havo Mr. Wibberloy on tho other side to make conversation and kgcp me alive. Let me see—that will bo, three. And Joanna Burton—sho comes that afternoon—four. Do you know, ■ James, when we were at Temple Bothley for Christmas I thought there was something between your cousin and Mr. Wibberley ? “No I" “Yes." • ■ ■ “Then for goodness’ -sake do not let: them sit together.” - ■ “Why not!" ' “Because they will chat to each other and to no one else. ” ’ ; “.Very well,1'''Jlra. Smitli assented. “They shall sit opposite each other, and Mr. Wibberley shall take in Mrs. Galan tine. She will be sure to flirt with him, and we can watch Joan’s face! I shall soon see if there is anything between them then, of course.” I “ Very olevor plan, my dear.” Mr. Wibberley was a young man of some importance, if only in bis capacity of private soorotary.to a minister. He bad a thousand acquaintances and cer tainly two friendB—perhaps three. He might bo something some day. He dressed well, looked well, and talked well. He was a trifle conceited ; but women like that in young men, and ho had an infinite tact. At anyrafo he had never yet found himself in a place too straight for him. This evening as he dressed for dinner he was in hia happiest mood. Everything seemed to be going well wiih him. He was going to a house where he would be appreciated. Mrs. Button Smith was a great ally of Mb. And then thero would be, as we know, someone else. “ Lady Linacre," said his hostess as she introduced him to a stout personage with white hair, a double chin, and dia monds. Wibberley bowed profoundly over the dowager’s band. “ Mr. May you have met before,” con tinnod. Mb hostess, “and you know Miss Burton, too, do you not He murmured assent, while Joanna chook hands with him frankly and quietly, with tho ghost of a smile, perhaps. He played his part well, too, for a moment, hut halted in his sentence as it flashed across his mind that this was their first meeting since she had said yes. He re covered from his momentary embarrass ment, however, and offered his arm to Mrs. Galantine. Sho was an old friend of his—a3 friends go in society. He had taken her in to dinner, that is, two or three times. “ Who is that girl ?” she asked, when they were seated, and sho raised her glasses and stared at her vis-a-vis. “I declare she would be pretty if her noBe wore not so short.” He seized the oxcuse to put up his glass, too, and take a look. “ It iB rather short,” he admittod, gaz ing with a whimsical sense of ownership at the deficient organ. “But some people (like short noses, don’t you “And theatres in August, and draw ing room games and conundrums 1 But seriously, she would be pretty if it were not for that.” “Would she ?’’ “Well, I think she would, do you know ?” i And certainly Joanna was pretty, though her forehead was too large, her i nose too small, and her lips too full. Her eyes were bright, her complexion perfect, | and her face told of wit and good temper. She had beautiful arms, too, for a chit of nineteen. Mrs. Galantine said nothing about the arms, because her own did not j form one of her attractive point*. ! Wibberley, however, was thinking of them, and whether a certain bracelet he had would fit them. He Baw Joanna wore a bracelet—a sketchy gold thing. Ho wondered whother he should beg it for a pattern, or whethor it might not be more pleasant to measure the wrist for himself. But Mrs. Galantine returned to tne charge fresh as a rose. “She is a cousin, is she not?" she said, speaking so loud that Joanna looked across and smiled. “ I have never met her before. -Tell mo all about - her,' please.” “,1011 her all about her!" Wibberley gasped. He saw a difficulty in obeying, as-the general conversation was not brisk, and Joanna'could bear every word.' He oast an appalled glance - round the table, then he bent tb his task. - “Mrs,.. Galaptine," he murmured sweetly, confidentially, “pray—pray be ware of becoming a—a potato !"• Mrs. Galantine dropped her knife and fork with a blatter. “How horrid! A potato, Mr. Wib berley? What do you mein ?' , “ Now, how could I became a. potato ?” “.Youaee my plato ? It is a picture. You have there the manly beef and the feminine pons, bo tender, so young ! And the potato is the confidant—it is insipid. Do you agree with me?" “ Bravo, Mr. Wibberley ! But am I to apply the parable?” she asked, glanc ing sharply across the tablo with her fork uplifted nnd a pea upon it. “ I am to be the potato ?” “ The choice is with you,” he replied. Mrs. Burton Smith, seeing him so ab sorbed in his companion, grewjpuzzled. Look as often as she might at Joanna,she saw no sign of jealousy or self- conscious ness in the girl’s face.Joanna seemed to bo enjoying horsolf to the full, and to be as much interested as any one at table. Mrs. Burton Smith saw clearly that there was nothing between the two. But Wiiiberley’s success with Mrs; Galantine had its consequences. After the ladies had withdrawn he grew rest less. By ill-luck, too, the Hon. Vereker May had reached that period of the even ing when India was accustomed to put on its rosiest tints, and the two facing each other fell to debating on a subject of which the returned civilian had seen much and thought little, and the private secretary had read more and thought not at ali. They were therefore about on a par ns to information, nnd . what the younger man lacked in obstinacy he made up by readiness. • It was in vain the na bob blustered, asserted, contradicted— finally grew sulky, silent, stortorous. Wibberley pushed bis triumph, and soon, as we shall see, paid for it dearly. It so happened that he was the last to entor tho drawing-room. Tho evening was chilly. The ladies had gathered round tho fire, protected from assault by a couple of gipsy tables bearing shaded lamps. Tlie incomers passed one by one through these outworks—all but Wibber ley. He cast a ' dospairing i glance at Joanna, who was by Iho fireplace in tho heart of the citadel; and then,' resigning himself to separation, lie took a low chair by one of the tables and began to turn over tho books ■ thereon. Ho scanned them all, and then bis oyes fell on a bracelet lying by them on the olive green plush— a sketchy gold bracelet with one big boss—Jonnna’s. He looked at tlie rest of the party with a stealthy glance. None of them faced bis way. They were discussing a photo graph of children on the over-mantel. Ho stretched his hand out softly and covered the bracelet. He would take it for n pat tern,andto-morrow Joanna should ransom it. Ho tried to catch hor eye, as his fingers closed on it. - He wanted to see her face change and her color rise. • It would liavo added to the faint charm in the boyish, foolish act he was committing if sho had been privy to it, yet unable to prevent it. But sho would not look, and he. was obliged to bo content with his plunder. He slid the. trinket 'deftly under tho fringo of the table and clasped it on his arm. He had a keen 3onso of the ridicu lous, and he'would not for all'tho world that anyono hesides Joanna should know of the act ; jliat doddering old fossil of a May, for instance, who, however, was safe enough—standing on the hearth-rug-' wilh his back turned and his slow mind forming an opinion on the photograph. Then Wibberley began to find the-' party dull. .lie saw small chance of a private word ivitli. Joanna. Lady. Lin acre, his nearest neighbor, 'was prosing an to Mrs. Burton Smith, his next, nearest. And hq himself, after shining at dinner, had fallen into the back ground. Hang it, he would-’go. It was ten o’clock. He rose, and was stooping across the "table murmuring his excuses to ‘ his hostess, -when Lady .Linacre.-uttered an exclamation. He was leaning between her head and tho lamp at the moment, and lie fancied lie had touched her head '‘‘Pray, pardon me, Lady Linaero !” ho cried/gaily. “I am just going—I have to leave early—so tho encroach ment will bo but for a moment." “ It is not .tlint,” the old lady replied. “ But oh ! where is my bracelet ?” She was feeling about the table ns she spoke, lifting with her white, podgy hands tho few volumes that lay on it. No ono on the instant, however, seemed to take in the situation. Mrs. Burton Smith had risen and was listening to Wibberley. The others were talking. Lady Linacre wa's used to attention ; and when she spoke again her voice was shrill and almost indecently loud. “ Where is my bracelet 1” sho repeated. “ The ono with tho Agra diamond I was showing you, Airs. Burton Smith. It was here a moment ago, and it is gone !’ Wibberley was still speaking to his hostess. He heard the old lady’s words, but did net clearly apply them. Ho finished his leave-taking almost at his leisure, and only as he turned recol lected himself and said with polite solici “ What? is it, Lady Linacre 1 Have you dropped something ?” He stooped as he spoko, and she drew her skirts aside, and both peered at the floor, while those sitting near asked : “ What is it, Lady Linacre ? What have you lost ?” . “My Agra diamond !” sho replied fussily, her head quivering, her fingers groping about her silk flounces.. “No f’said someone in surprise. “ Yes,” she returned dismally. “ Why, it was here a moment ago. I saw it in your hand.” The old lady held out her wrists. “ See for yourselves. I have not got it,” she said, feebly. “ But are you sure it is not in your lap ?” asked Burton Smith. Lady -Linacre had an ample lap. By this time the attention of the whole party had been drawn to the loss, and one or two of the mo3t prudent looked uncomfortable. “ No ; 1 am sure I laid it on th’e table by my side. I was going to put it on when the gentleman came in, and—it is ® She was quite clear nbont it, and looked mildly at Wibborly for confirma tion. The table was between them. She thought ho must have seen it lying there, Mrs. Burton Smith being the only person close to the table. ' Burton Smith saw theloolc. “ 1 say, Wibberly,” appealing to him half in fun, half in earnest,” you have not hidden it for a joko, old fellow?” “I? Certainly not.” To this day Ernest Wibberly wonders when ho first-made the discovery of what ho had done—that he had-taken the wrong bracelet. It was not early—it was not until the owner had twice proclaimed her loss that lie felt himsolf redden and awoke to tho consciousness that the bracelet was on his own arm. He might have said at once, “ By Jove 1 I slipped it on my wrist in pure absence of mind,” . but such excuses to avail must be made at once, and lie hesitated. ^ Then each moment mado tho avowal more difficult and less possible, until his host: asked him if. ho had hidden it for a joke, and he had answered with„well feigned sur prise-: “I? Certainly not. Afewcf theguosts werepeeringstupidly about as if they expected to. find the lost article jn a flower--vase-or within the globe of a lamp:- Presently their hostess stayed these explorations: . “Walt a moment! I have it l she cried,.raising her head. , . \- ■ “ Well ?" from several;. * “John must Jiave found it when he .brought in the tea. Ringfhe bell, James, do, and-we will ask him.”' ‘-'So it was done. John came in and the question was put to.hirn; t -; “Yes; air,” he answered, readily.; J saw a bracelet on this'table by fhelamp. " He indicated the table pear Lady Ltav lie?** - ‘' ,“ Did yon mSVa it 'r —_ *, I “Move it, Bir ?” the man repeated,' surprised by the question, the silence, and the strained faces turned to him. “No, sir, certainly not. I saw it whon I | was handing the tea to—to Mr. Wibber ley, I think it was.” ........ '* Ah, well, that is all. You may go,” answered his master. It was not possible to doubt the man’s face and manner. But when ho had left tho room an uncomfortablo silence ensued. “ It", is very strange," said Burton Smith, looking from one to tho other, and then groping under the table. ' “ It is very strange,” Wibberly mur mnred. -• He felt bound to say something. Ho fancied tho others, and particularly May, were casting special looks at him. He felt as if ho were each instant betraying himself by his changing color. ° u It cost,” quavered Lady Linacro, ir relevantly but by no means impertinently —“it cost fourteen thousand out there. Indeed it did ; and that was before it was A hush fell upon tho room. ‘‘Fourteen thousand pounds !” Burton Smith exclaimed. “ No, no, not pounds, rupees,” tho old lady hastily added. “ I understand,” ho replied, rubbing his head. ‘‘ But that is a good sum.” “ It is over a thousand pounds,” said tho Indian civilian, stoutly. “ But good gracious, James !’’ said Mrs. Burton Smith, impatiently, “ why are you valuing Lady Liuacro’s jewellery instead of finding it for her ? It was on this table fifteen minutes ago. Where is it “If anyone is doing this for a joke,” began her husband. “ I hope—” . “ For a joke 1” cried tho hostess. ' ; “I say, my dear,” ho persisted, “if anyone is doing this for a joke 1 hope ho will own up. It has gone far enough.” There was a chorus of assent, half in dignant, half exculpatory. But no ono owned to the joke or produced tho brace let. “Well, well, I never!” Mrs. Burton Smith exclaimed. And as tho company looked at each other if seemed as if they also had never known anything quite so extraordinary. “ Really, Lady Linacre, I think it must be somewhere about you,” said the host at last. “ Would you mind giving yoj_ir wlf a cood nhake, iusfc to satiafv me?” ■ i Concluded in Ou r A'. j. /.g I 