TAUCUTrA V. HUMUr-A. WtectiB «l the above Rugby etuta met once more in friendly conflict on the 'I arcutta green on Saturday last (writes our Tarcutta correspondent), and Humula Buffered ft crushing defeat- 30 to nil -at the hands of iheir inoro praoilsed antagonist*. Captain Kully, a noted spoilsman aud turfite in the day* of tho'Regency, wagered, and won, a thoutaud guinea* that ho would place the horses in a raco iu which the crtebra'cd Kolipie wan " a trier.". " Kclipse first, the Held nowhere," was Kelly's famous tip., Kelipaed 11 distanced " hia Held, thus win* titog tho race and tho guineas for CapUiu Kelly. A* with the old' time hone race, so with Saturday's match. " Tarcutta lirat, Humula nowhere " was the verdict. \ Taroutt* fairly romped over their aotagon* i jfit»p and suorod how and when they pleased. From the kick-ofT till (he referee's whistle sounded " no tides," Humulii had not the ghost of a show. The sides were Tarcutta, back, Otis. Hogm; throe quarters, Pod more, Bc«t, Joe. Hilton, and Archer (opt.); half's, Dick Rodd, A. Ingrain ; wing for- i wares, L. Cluinson and Drown ; forwards, I C. Dounip, J. Cox,. Dyball, W. Hurt,. Alf. I Litham, and J. Smith. Humula: Back, J. Willis; throe qua*urs, Franklyn, W. j Clyde, 1). Curtain ; half's, Tweedie and M'Rostie; wing forwards, W. Willis, Had* 1 ton ; forwards, .1. Clyde, Middleton, Trcs* silian, Molt, Hartne't, and Oakman. Humula kicked off, whou Tarcatta look charge of afTairs forthwith. The really pood patsies of Tarcutta nonptuaicd the vittior* from toe outlet, and within two minutes \V» Burt, with an admirable and woll-timed run, crosied the Humula line and scored the llrst points. Tho Tarcutta skipper (Archer) quickly convcrtrd.1 Into 5 by toeing the oval noatly over the bar. Again Humula klokcd olT and again tho 1 'Tarcutta Savages" as some of your would-hc wilLy townsmen 1 designate! "our boy*, " wo have boon in* formed out hero, had Humula in dilfieultie*. After sundry hciuiiih, and Hplcndid parsing by tlio Tarcutta boys Lea CleniHon capturcd tho oval, and by a magnlficlonl run, upend ing sundry 'Might blucu " while on tho wing, croesud tho lino and added thrco more lo TtircutU'a miiuing account. The Tarcutta captuiu declined to kick for a goal, tho angle being an impossible ono. Tho gnmo from that out was really too ono sided to trench upon space in describing. At half timo the game stood, Tarcatta 14 to nil. Thus Burt, Clemson, Jim Brown and Latham secured tries each and Archer kicked a goal. Alter the usual intermia mission, tho game was resumed, and again " down went M flinty " and Tarcutta scored try after try and goal after noil with " alarmiog rapidity." Tn the second half Hurt again crossed the line. Dick Rodd secured a try-converted by Jim Brown ; Andy Ingram twotiirs, Pedmoreand Gus Hogan one try, from which he kicked a goal. Slior ly after tho referee's whistle sounded ? "no lidrs," and Tarcutta won by 36 points to nil. livery man of the TarctfUa 15 pUycd admirably. Dyball, Johnny Cox, Host and Joe Hilton were conspicuous throughout. Mr. K. Ryder was deservedly complimented by both teams for his good, Hound rcferetiog. AS EXPLANATION. On the nth instant Tarcutta B team Elayrd Humula at numula. Tarcutta won y 6 to H. In the ensuing iasoe of the " Albtiry Banner" an account of the .match appeared in which the writer accmed the rcfrree, Mr. W. Archer, of gross and pal* pable unfairness. The writer said, 11 The referee (Archer) gavo grave dissatisfaction. A goal wu kicked by Humula, and a try was obtained by Twe*die (Humula), both being disallowed by the referee. In scrums, too, the ball was pot io Improperly by the Tarcutta forwards." Xow, this was tantamount to a direct accusation of cheating the Humula team out of a game, Mr. Archer being the offender. Naturally enoush, Mr. Archer, his clubmatcr, and the Tarcutta folk in general were much incensed at this accusa tion. Mr. Archer is a playing member of bnh tho Tarcutta and Wagga rugby clubs, and is esteemed by the mem bers of l>otb clubs for his manly and straightforward conduct. The mem bers of the Humula Club, it is only fair to mention, arctnuch hurt at the4' Banner's" report, and on Saturday last they expressed their regret of tho insult offered to Mr. Archer by one of the Humula community. At the conclusion of Saturday's match the writer of the report of the m\tch to tba "Banner" stepped forward, ami in the presence of the assemblage apologised to Mr. Archer for hia unjust accusations in the M Banner." He denied having any Jnteo* tion of imputing unfairness to Mr. Archer in his report. Kerertheleis, the charge still stands in black and white in' the columns of the "Banner." In future it would headvsiable for the Humula scribe to carefully revise his M.S. prior to for warding it to the press. "Cut my head and give me a plaiter " may be admirable in theory. Practically the old saw is not worth a red cent. A correspondent signing himself "Rugby" in the Junee " Democrat " gives the June* Rugby players a wigging for not keepiog j i their appointment*. He points out that they failed to keep their appointment to ! play at Tarcutta on July 30, though vehicles j were provided to convey them there, and j I dtd not even inform Tarcutt* of their in- 1 I ability to attend. Then rn last Saturday a j team could not be got together to play Wagga, though several attended. One man ' rode 100 miles on his bicycle. Messrs. ' | Moore, Page and Madsen, of Coolamon, ; drove 50 miles to atterd the match, but only four Jnnee tnea tamed up. 8rtme of the other* were Mid to be riding or driving to Wajgsi, but so far they have not arrived. Although the Junee players teem to be etpeciaislnnen in this respect, the fault is not oinfined ;o them. Footbtller* in general would do well to note that punctuality and reliability are the soul of t he game. If t hey can't play they can surely inform the srere taries of their clnhs. The team to represent the Federals in the local premiership ma'ch against the Mechanics on Saturday will be chr-.«eo from the following:-Mnrrell, Alherton. Leaver, Wiliiama, Greenfield, Brooker, O'Doonell, Turner, Hehir, Cellini, Andrews r*). Wall. Meoneke, Hc*gan, Ans«l, Conwav, Spring, Fuller, Dooley, Swansborough, Smith. 