WILD EELIN:" HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "A Daughter of Heth," '. A Princess of Thule," " M'Leod of Dare," "The Strange Adventures of a Phaeton," " Briseis," " Highland Cousins," c, on. (COPYRIGHT.), CHAPTER XXIX. Brunhilde. " Top of the morning to you, Fergus !" she called to him, above the din of the weir. " Why don't you howl him out V" " I canna stir him," was the answer that came back from the fisherman, who was wading deep, and throwing a beautiful line.. It's because you don't fish properly !" she continued, jeering at" him. "Man alive, do you call that nothing ! Why don't you haul a yard of slack under the red and shake out the line with the point of the rod-and give the fly a chance of working V Don't follow the fly round ! Dear, dear, that I should have to come round to give you lessons." He turned to her. " Ay, and what mischief will ye be after' this morning V" he asked of her, with the familiarity of an old crony. " Oh, Fergus," she said. In a burst of candour ; " I would cut off my head, and lay it at your feet, if you could only teach me to throw a line like that !" " There not a lady in the North of Scotland will throw a better line than yourself. Miss Eelin," said he-with another of the long Spey casts going whistling out. ' \ " Oh-oh !" she cried. " And you know what you told General Mallock about Lily Noble to " I did not ! I did not The maintained, stubbornly. " I said she would keep longer at it, maybe. You're too impatient ; and that's all the fault I have to find with ye." '. Well, I wish you good luck !" she called to him. And then, as she went on again, she said to herself : " And you might wish me good luck in return, Fergus, for I've much need of it." Nor that she was in any way dejected about the future ; she was quite the reverse of that. She had secured safety for her- self-even physical safety, for had she not seen the same Archie Gilchrist take up a leg of a cane-bottomed chair and belabour a whole rabble of roughs into ignominious flight ? Moreover, it was a kind of alliance that left her so entirely untrammelled. Brunhilde, the warrior-maiden, could not have been left more entirely, her own mistress. And for the rest, stich sinister phrases as I generally got what I want, don't you know," seemed to have less significance now. Nay, could they not be altogether dismissed and forgotten ? Indeed, as she walked along this path- way between the beds of pink gray shingle and the running river on the one hand, and on the other the wide fields and the far shining uplands one might have, guessed her to be " fey." Light-headed she appeared to be as well as light-hearted; forthwith an immeasurable pathos, she was reciting to herself : "I wish I were where Eelin lies ; Night and day on me she cries ; O that I were where Eelin lies, On fair Kirkconnell lee."' And then it was (the empty train careering about anywhere) : " Hard fate that I should banished be, And rebel called with scorn, For serving of the kindest prince That everJyet was born. 0 my king-God" save my king ! Whatever may befall ! I would not be In Huntly case, For honours, lands, and all." And then again it was-while the oxen in the meadow, were staring at her with their great, soft, inquiring eyes : " But let them say, or let them die, , . It's a' and to me ; For he's low door, he's In the broom * That's waiting for me : Waiting for me, my love, He's waiting for me ; For he's low door, he's in the broom That's waiting for me." Only when she drew near the bows, she had to put a curb on her federalist made for she perceived that the blinds of her mother's bedroom were still lowered and what her scattered wife had now to concentrate themselves upon was the question of arranging the most seductive breakfast she could frame for the poor. Invalid : hot and strong tea, to "begin with then a fried eggs, with the yolk thin and hard, and yet not altogether hard, and just touched with cayenne ; the white of the egg crisp and brown and alluring", with a sprinkling of gray pepper ; the garniture som.' sprays of watercress steeped in vinegar. Then there was a particular kind of phlox, the extremely delicate scent of which her mother was fond of and Ship thought she would go on into the garden to gather a few bunches ; so that when she went into the sick-room she would be carrying with her a breath of the sweet outside air. But she had not gone past the laurel bush'" as when she suddenly drew up. She heard voices, and through the leaves she could see that More g had brought out a row of boots and shoes to polish here in the open, while old Maxwell, having delivered his consignment of garden produce, was engaging her in conversation. And Miss Robin wondered whether the Mull loss would remember the instructions she had received. "And, and what our ye this month ?'" Maxwell asked of her, in his Lowland tongue. " I am thinking I am myself," the Highland girl replied. "And who else would I be, I wonder ?" " It's little ye ken !" he answered, partly in scorn, partly in pity. " Ye're a pair crayture, and ye canna understand. I've felt ye again and again, but the doctrine of the transaction of soils is beyond ye." '. Perry well, then," said Morag. sharply, "and if you are the black murderer you say, why are you not giving yourself up, and going to be hinged ?" " Woman, woman, ye canna compre- handles is not possible for your intellect to comprehend ? David Haggart was executed at Edinburgh the 18th of July. 1921 ; ye wadna line two men hanged for the same crime and I declare the ye there was no intent on my part to murder anybody. Indeed there was not. I had got the bag with a stone in't ; I'll no deny that but I hit the other only was close wife; and then I rushed across the yard, and pulled the cub from my play, and opened the outside door. It was days after before I kept that the jUer was deed. I was Iridln' In some hay, and I heard a woman asking a boy if the lad that had broken oot o' Dum- fries who was catched yet, and he said No, but the other dead last night at ten o'clock." God, that was a fearsome thing to hear that was a different business free snubbing a lad from a conish cove's quick." *' Yes. and what will all that be ?" inquired Morag, with a supercilious air. 44 Ay, they dinna ken everything in Mull !" he retorted, with a grim face tiousness. " They're no very glee at the uptake, as they It's a wise man that can follow his nose ; but they navena learnt that yet in Tobermory, or they wouldn't be aye Summers into the harbour. Oh, they're a fine set, the Tobermory chiefs, keeping' up the New Year till the 15th of December, and be given' again on the 10th I heard tell there was place a sober man discovered in" the streets of Tobermory ; but they didna ken what to do with him, so they sent him to a lunatic asylum." Of a sudden Mora g uttered three piercing shrieks, and her arm was outstretched and her gaze was fixed on some distant point beyond the washing green. " Look ! look ! look as she cried. I t's the ghost of the Dumfries cheer ! It's the ghost of the murdered man." Now, in ordinary cold blood old Max- well would not have allowed himself to be deceived by the centres of this Mill idiot but her yells had startled him out of his senses. Involuntarily be wheeled round to see what the terrible thing was and at the same moment Morag, using the only weapon she happened to have handy-which was the blacking brush struck him fair and full between the shoulders, and that with a force that sent him staggering forward on all fours. What happened next the Mull lass did not stay to observe. She had fulfilled her instructions : only she did not know that, as she swiftly picked up the boots and shoes and fled for refuge to the housekeeper's room, there was some one else besides herself who was in fits of laughter and that was a young lady concealed behind some laurel bushes. The great bunches of phlox-so sweet and cool in their delicate perfume were most welcome to the weary eyed invalid ; she cared less for the suggestion about the fried egg and the hot tea ; she seemed to prefer the dumb twilight of the blinds being down, and the gracious quiet ; while her daughter's voice, as she stole about the room, was as soft as velvet. So the day passed somehow and then in the afternoon a visitor arrived, whom Eelin went down to receive, with apologies for her mother's absence. The visitor was Lord Mounlinahon, and he appeared to be labouring under some sense of injury. " Oh. really, now, really, really," said he, " I never was so badly treated in all my life. Do you think I'd have gone to that twopenny-halfpenny kick-up unless on the understanding you were to be there Why, everybody was saying you would be the queen of the ball ! Yes, and there I was-there I was - waiting and watching - waiting and watching but where were you *. What made the assembly shine V Well, the' assembly didn't shine not much ! And of course I must fall into the hands of that old rat Lady Grillesmere and I'll be hanged if she hasn't, got fifteen thousand. nieces-well, to be strictly honest and accurate, I'll take of a thousand - and I'll be dashed if she hasn't got fourteen thousand nieces and all of them have sandy hair, and all of them squint and I may I never if I hadn't to-dance with a every man Jack of them-" (To be continued.) L 