Terrible Burning Accident A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he conld be rescued he was scaled and burnt in a terrible way. The • chock oE the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jam s, a rd for a nnmber of yei>s after he wae a confirmed jinvalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paraly;is. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circuited in tb e neighborhood th a t Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had bad a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. I t was on accoant of these rutrors th a t a epecial reporter from the Sydroy Worker was dispatched to get all ir formation regarding same, and one afterroon be made his way to his house, 45 Grown-’ane, Ultimo. Me. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a twoyear old baby, and his face declared him of the happiest4*men in Sydrey. He up and about, and able to answer the kaock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness audaperitfloTp∈, it was very clear that he was an in . alia no more. In reply to the prelimary questions be said:—"You want to know all about my f Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. Tbe facts may be of valne to those who are stricken as I was." " How long w ere you Buffering F” " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing eirce then. About five years age next Christmas I met with a accident; badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I bave been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet a t the Glebe Island." What were the symptoms P” Simply indescribable. The pains something terrible. They were just about as much ae 1 could boar. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessartly shivering and shaking, and ooald neither eat nor Bleep On tbe 23rd March last I saw a well-krown doctor and be told me th at my case w. e utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions. “ Did yon make use of the order P" “ No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ovei Five weeks ago I could not walk the floor; in fact, I conld not get out of bed. I felt then th a t it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give np the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was unaer him for five or eix weeks. He came to tbe conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised bv peculiar disturbance* of g⁢, and difficulty in coordinating voluntary movement*, fie told me that 1 might last for ton years, and that I might never get the use of my legs (Jnst tuen ‘ the patient kicked hie legs about, with energy to show th a t medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, jnst os a drowning man will grasp a t a straw, I grasped at An idea conveyed by the advertisement describing tbe care effected in the ease of another boiler-mrker in England, which I read in tb e Australian iror.’.wan, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills s trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous os it. was magical. I was able to eat and eleep as though nothing was the matter with me. I t was the f ln t appetite and rest I bad for many a day. I t was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move .about. Yon eee those crutebes there P They are perfectly and I have rever used them. They made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, bnt I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." *He is 100 per eent. better,” said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and token the baby;»nher knees. "T he Dr. Williams' Pink Pillsfor Pale Peop'e have saved his life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in a t this point said that Jervis looked ten years younger th at day than he did aiortn ig h t previous. “X can now," continued Jarv is, " bave a •old bath, and a ll-th e feeling has back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr, Williams' Pink Pills, They have saved .my life. I am in no pain sow, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills wbich the doctor gave to deaden the excruciating pain. B utthey can stay where they are, -for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has bean araazed- e t -Hie change in me. They can hardly believe tbeir-eyes. My being abou again has oaused quite a sensation ont here." Such is iti^is remarkably history, and it confirms w hat is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of th e astonishing cares wrought,by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for pale people. They cute locomotor ataxy, pam al paralysis, and spinal disease, also tbe many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, suoh as amcmie, pale and sallow - complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss cf appetite, shortness of breath, paini in the back, nervous headache, eto. Mr J. S. T. M'Gowan, leader of the Labor Party in the N.6.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter * nection with th e remarkable c Thomas Jarvis. Mr M'Gowan snys he haa known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew th it he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard th a t Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his ease had been ‘pronounced incurable. Mr M'Gowan was, therefore, like everyone elsowbo knew tbe facte, astounded at the complete recovery of jarvis. TneBe wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemiBts, or from tbe Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 95, or half-dozen for 16s Sd. See that the genuine Dr. .yTilliams' are gotten 