WHO WAS DR. HARMER? A representative of the 'Sun' has had an in terview, with the man who was "Dr.Harmer's" keeper in Dr. Forbes Winslow's private lunatic asylum at Hammersmith. George Williams is the keeper's name. From tending lunatics in the seventies he has for several years been bathman at St Mary Islington workhouse infirmary. 'I should think I did know Dr. Harmer,'' he said, ' and I sha'n't forget, him, either. I have attended to lunatics in Bethnal Green Asylum and Northumberland House, Finsbury Park, but never saw the likes of him. He was for ever striking attitudes in a corner, pointing at the floor, stamp ing his feet, and shouting: 'Down there, it's down there; down, down, down;* then he would shud der as if seeing a ghost coming out of a hole in the floor. All day long he kept on talking about passages under the ground.' 'Would you be able to identify his photo graph?' 'In a moment,' said Williams, rising expec tantly from his chair. Unfortunately the only photograph produced in the Druce mystery has been impounded by the Consistory Court. Williams gave the following verbal portrait of Dr. Harmer: 'He weren't a handsome man; short and thick-set; wore a greyish beard, I think; pulled awful faces when the fit was on (and it was more often on than off); and looked like a man with a tidy weight on his mind. 'You could see with half an eye that he was no common patient. He always wore a top hat, and used to treat his other attendant. Mr. New, who came with him, and myself with contempt — Just like a dook! You never knew when he might fire something at you. Out in the grounds his favorite sport was chucking stones about. We had to be constantly clutching hold of his arm. 'Periodically Mrs. Harmer visited him. She looked about 45 and the doctor about 60. He seemed to talk quite sensibly to his wife. He had the best apartments in the house. Nobody else ever came to see him. Mrs. Harmer al ways brought cigars, and he smoked furiously till the supply was done, lighting one cigar with the end of another. 'Mr. New generally slept with him, but some times I took New's place. Talk about a strange bedfellow, if he wakened once he wakened twenty times, raving about apparitions and that eternal hole in the floor. He was always quite certain the bed would sink into it. I was his keeper in the year 1879, fifteen years after the alleged burial of Mr. Druce in the family vault at Highgate. In course of time he got well again, and left the asylum. I never heard of him practising as a doctor. I last saw him in his house called Marshgate, at Richmond, in the year 1881. He was in bad health, and died shortly afterwards. I don't know where he was buried. But I do know that he was not buried at Highgate in 1864.' P- '? 0\. There aza only six ' perfect ' first folio W, Shaksperea Known to exist in the world. One f. of them (says the ' Westminster Gazette') be \- A longed to'Sir George Grey, and vas presented to ^Capetown Free library (along with many other ^ rare volumes) when that institution was founded, ^.aptifl valued at JB1000. p§; Dr.£chenk,of Vienna (save the 'Hospital'), pffwho some time ago put forward a theory as to. ^ir^thecanaea determining the sex of children, seems |i1irotnall acbonnt8 to be having an unhappy time |^;Tof-it. ? .It is said that ever; jpoail brings Ma |i multitudes of. letters from anxious women all $K:3over the glebe. The gossips even say that cer ptainf Royal kousee which are *' bothered with |§! girls ' have consulted him 'as to the diet which ftv will produce a boy. Meanwhile, Dr. Schenk de p| dares that hia interest in the matter is purely Ipscientific, and that he has jiever undertaken the ^professions! treatment of such aspirants ior male pigdesbendantB. ? ?' ' ' . ? '' 