CHAPTER EVI.—A STARTLING REQUEST. # It seemed to all at Barrier Post that the stories they had heard of open win ters in that vicinity were false ones, for •so far there had been several blizzards and half-a-dozen snowstorms, and If the Whole wintry season was to be like that the settlers would lose all their cattle, and the stock at the fort suffer terribly. To guard'against some days when the snow would cover the ground, there had been brought to Barrier Post a waggon train of provender for horses, and they Shad cultivated enough land to lay aside as much more, while the meadows had also been pressed in, and a good hay crop thus secured. But all this would go by January If the snowstorms continued, and the Cattle had to be fed, and it would be the same way with the settlers and the • stage- line stock. Some of the late settlers had not had time to plant and harvest a crop, and they would be the worst sufferers. The old scouts told how in their mem ory there had never been such a winter, and said that only an occasional snow storm was the way it generally was. They predicted also that, If the winter continued as it had begun, the Indians would not only lose all their ponies and the cattle they had stolen, but that the tribes would suffer terribly, and many •of the red-skins would die of cold and hunger. As if Nature was determined to show man how it could battle against him, • Surgeon Powell found, upon leaving the colonel’s quarters, after liis resolve to go on a trail of rescue, that another : storm was threatening. He was not discouraged, however, and, going to his quarters, at once sent for Spurs. The negro came—a tall, broad-shoul dered, wiry man, who .was known to possess phenomenal strength, and pluck . as.well. He was universally popular in ;the garrison. He saluted the doctor, and, having been, a soldier’s servant fon so long, waited at attention to be spoken to. 1‘Well, Spurs, we start to-morrow night on the trail of the lost ones.” 574 iflank. Heaven for that news!” ejac ulated Spurs, fervently. Keep it to yourself, and make vour preparations quietly.” "Yes, sir.” “I shall take three of my best horses, one of Cody s, and oiie of your master’s, while we must 50 prepared for a siege.” i “tVe1 will> sir.” I “One of the horses will carry our bed- ^ ding, rubber blankets, and a canvas 1 shelter, with extra weapons and ammu nition, which we may need.” “I understand, sir.” “Another horse will carry- supplies for six weeks’ campaign—say. for five_a spade, shovel, axe and hatchet, and a camp outfit.” ••Yes. sir; it is well to go well fixed.” It is, Spurs; for we do not know what may turn up, and we are ttoing well sup plied.” Spare smiled, as if he were aware of that fact, knowing the doctor, who con tinued: “You will want your warmest clothing, storm-coat, and waterproof; and carry an extra outfit along with your, r.''.astir’s in case he should have given his to some poor Lo. See, too, that Chief Codv is not forgotten. The third' horse will carry only food for the animals—a little corn, as much weight of oats as he can stand, and some straw roiled tight.” “I understand, sir, and I’ll have ail ready when you say.” "We’ll start to-morrow night, just as the bugle sounds lights out” "I'll be ready, sir.” "And, Spurs, I'll look to the medicines and a bottle or two of good brandy, and don’t you forget to take a number of pine knots to kindle a fire quickly, and •a couple of lanterns.” "Yes, sir,” and having Jotted down all that was to be carried, the faithful ser vant and friend of Lieutenant Seaford went away to prepare for the perilous work before him. The next morning the Surgeon Scout had just breakfasted when the colonel’s orderly appeared and asked him to come at once to the commandant’s quarters. It had snowed all night, but had ceas ed then, leaving the ground around a foot deep. Arriving at headquarters Surgeon Powell found the colonel talking to Ethel Willis, and he handed to him a letter with the words: “Our ghostly letter-carrier was here again last night and this was found by the guard this morning stuck upon the stockade gate, and, what is more, it.was pinned there with,this.” “It is Seaford’s knife, sir.” “Yes, for we all know the knife, as it was a present to him from a hardware house, and made expressly for him, and has his name on it. It pinned the- enve lope to the stockade.” Dr. Powell took the envelope, which was addressed to him. and said: “Ifclthe Surgeon Scout dare follow the Ghost Guide of the Mountains he will render a deed of mercy, and may- aid. in the rescue of Colonel Cody and Lieuten ant Seaford. The Ghost Guide will look for him at midnight in a camp at Beacon Rock. THE GHOST.” CHAPTER LVII.—AT BEACON ROCK. Having read the strange communica tion. Surgeon Powell handed it in silence to Colonel Ferris. He in turn read it, and said: “This is a strange request, certainly." “Yes, sir.” “May I show it to Ethel?-' . “Certainly, sir.” ... “And what will you do?” asked the colonel of the doctor, as he handed the strange communication to Ethel! “I shall go, sir; of course, with your permission, Colonel Ferris.” “With a soldier guard, yes.” “Did you read the postscript, Doctor Powell?” asked Ethel. “I did not, Miss Ethel, for T. do not think I saw any.” It is in pencil, and reads: “ This engagement with Surgeon Powell will not be kept unless he comes unaccompanied by soldiers or scouts.” “Ah, that looks like a trap, Powell.” “No, colonel; ghosts do not like crowds I’ve been told,” answered Doctor Powell, with a smile, and then added: “Then I must go alone.” “It says soldiers or scouts, Doctor Powell, so that does not mean alone. You can certainly have Spurs accom pany you, as you intended,” Ethel as sumed. “Thank you, Miss Ethel, for helping me out. I suppose I can go as origin ally intended, with Spurs.” "I am glad of that,” the colonel re marked; and then Ethel, who had been looking attentively at the strange com munication, said: “Uncle, this is not written in a femi nine hand.” “I’ll trust you for getting at the bot tom of facts, Ethel;” and the colonel took the letter, and glancing at it, con tinued: “You are right.” “It is the handwriting of Mr Burt Braxton, if I mistake not, sir. Have you not that list he wrote out for the trader?” The colonel looked at the list, but it had been returned to the post trader. The orderly was sent for it, and lie re turned, with the remark that the paper could not be found. “Well, some day I hope all these mys teries will be cleared up,” the colonel said, and Frank Powell added: " It may be that the solution is near at hand, colonel. But I must start earlier than I had intended, to reach the Beacon Rock by midnight, for it is something over thirty miles from here, and it will be rough riding.” “ When can you get off ?" “ After an early supper, sir ; for the horses and packs Spurs has all ready.” “I shall let it be thought that you are going to the settlement;” and the colonel and Ethel warmly grasped the gallant surgeon’s ^hand, and wished him . God speed upoii his mysterious and danger ous mission to keep an appointment with a ghost. When he left headquarters Ethel looked up some warm mufflers and sent them, with a few other comforts, over to him to carry' with him, and while the sun was an hour higli they saw him ride out of the stockade, Spurs fol lowing, and the three well-laden pack horses in lead. The officers and men had an idea that Surgeon Powell was again on one of his perilous expeditions, and many a warm clasp of the hand he had as he rode to wards the stockade gate, many a fervent wish for success from the men, with whom he Was a great favorite, while Spurs was by no means forgotten. “Rescue Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford, Spurs, and we’ll make the President appoint you Minister to Haytl,” said Lieutenant Emory, and he added, “I only wish I was going; but it’s a cold day, and I got left.” Out of the fort, over the trackless snow, following only the memory of a trail, went the Surgeon Scout and the faithful Spurs, and half an hour before the sun set behind a.bank of threatening clouds they had dropped the tall staff I and its warning colors out of sight far | behind them. I “The storm is not over, Spurs; so we I will push on as fast as we can and try j to get into camp early.” i “Yes, sir.” . I “There is a sheltered camp at Beacon Rock, a good spring, and plenty of wood, while the horses will be well protected in the thick pine timber,” continued the Surgeon Scout; and he set a pace that ; was more' rapid, for the clouds were quickly shutting out the sky. It was an hour before midnight and in a heavy snowstorm that the unerring guide rode in under the shelter of Beacon Roelc. The surgeon hastly built a fire, while Spurs unsaddled the horses and led them into tiie shelter of the pines, where they; were blanketed warmly. Spurs soon set to work getting sup per. while the Surgeon Scout shovelled away the snow for a canvas shelter to be spread. “Supper is ready, sir,” called out Spurs: and, something causing him to look round, he uttered a cry of terror, for there, just within the glare of the firelight, was the white horse and his shrouded rider ! The appointment at Beacon Rock had been kept by the Surgeon Scout and the ghost. j 