St. Andrew's Church. TEMPERANCE SUNDAY. On Sunday last sermons were preached on the subject of " Temperance" in all the Anglican Churches throughout the colony at the desire of the Bishop. Although the first Sunday in Advent is recognised throughout the whole Anglicau Communion as a Temperance Suuday doubtless the Bishop, in his travels through his diocese, realises that the special circumstances or life in West Australia demand a more frequent warning and protest against the evils and abuses of intcmpcrauce. Fairly large congregations attended the services at St. Andrew's both mottling mid evening. The hymns selected were appropriate to the occnsion. In the morning a portion of " The Story of the Cross" wasreudcrtd by the choir, and in the evening it was sung right throughi The solos were creditably taken by Mrs* Daw, Messrs. F. W. Clayton and A. Dolton. At the morning service the Rev. A. Burton, preaching from the epistle for the day, took as his text Epli. v., 11-12 —"" Have no fellowship with the unfruit^ ful works of darkness, but rather reprove them ; for it is a shame even to 6pcak of those things which are done of them in secret." A contrast was drawn between necessary intercourse and voluntary fellowship. Every Ulan and woman must come in contact with people of all kinds, but fellowship with any of them is a matter of choice. All Christians are bound to avoid such fellowship as leads to the doing of things contrary to Christ's doctrine. Such things must rather be reproved, bccause they are unfruitful. No one can possibly be fruitful in good works by association with ititeui' perance, which is one of the most deadly works of darkness. Sometimes the greatest reproof was to hold aloof with silent refusal when desired to lie a party to acts of intemperance, And this attitude was the more imperative because it is a source of shiiuie to every Christian that snch evils have to be spoken of. The preacher concluded by showing that the need to speak as the clergy were forced to do was a humiliation to thcin in the first placc, because it showed how little they had influenced the people in this matter, and it was a matter of shame also to all sober Christians, upon whom lay the bounden duty or fighting against drunkenness by every moans iu their power. At the evening service the text was taken frum the second lesson appointed for evensong, ICor., vi., 19-20—"Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own, for yo are bought with a price; therefore glorify God in your body." In referring to the liquor laws mention was made of instances where the law had been made of practical use in fighting against the abuses of intemperance, and the preacher contended that we should seek rather to make the best use of the legislation as it stands, imperfect though it be, and strive by the cxercise of the Royal Law or Christ to supply its dcfects. Thus in connection with abuses the law which enjoins Christians to love their neighbors as themselves should .impel all who can do so to expose the giving of liquor to natives, Sunday trading, and the victimising of shearers, buslimeii, etc. If Christians rose to their true duty in these things the law would be found to be a potent ally. An earnest protest was made, agaiust the custom of treating a drunken man's foolishness as a joke, instead of regarding it as a grievous sin against God, against liis wife and family, and against society. The custom of getting drunk deliberately on special occasions, practised liy some who are habitually sober people, was also strongly condemned, and the habit of treating the excesses of onr friends and companions as a subject suitable for joking and chaffing was referred to as lieing utterly and radically wrong. Christians, who are Christians indeed, are members of Christ—not their own, but bought with a price—and as memliers of that brotherhood all are constrained to 'boldly rebuke vice, constantly speak the truth, and patiently sillier for the truth's sake." The total yield of the Great Boulder mine is as follows :—1895 to 1897; 50,483 tons, lG5,904oz.; January, 1898 :2,756 tons, G,599oz. ; February. 1898 ; 2,841 tons, C,513oz.; total, 50,080 tons, 179,010 tons, 179,01Coz. Total weight avoidupols : 5 tons 8cwt. 9qr. llll). The Minister of Mines was seen concerning the great decrease in the mining returns for the month. Mr. Wittenoom said he could not account for the shrinkage, but he knew of 9,000oz. of gold which were at present iu the banks nt Gcraldton, and which would consequently not lie included iu the exports for the past mouth. The return for February of tailings treated by cyaliidatiou at Bayley's United, Coolgardic, is 079 tons for 8-11 ox.. Tho total return for the four treatments of these tailings is 2,934 tons for 3,042oz., an average of loz. 4dwt 20gr. per ton. At Quinn's, oil tho Murcliison. about +0 drv-bl<nvcrs arc on alluvial, and the inaiiiriti- nr.. Slugs weighing • .-..•/,. have been found • .10 last lev.- weeks. 