ACTA POPULI. ? BV the Flaneur. 'Who's the leader now— Lyne or Reid?' Ihat . was the pithy question put by the cachinnatory Mr. Peacock at a recent meeting of the Federal Conven tion, and we are told that it was received with 'roars of laughter.' Our jolly and fat Premier, was not one of those who joined in the laugh, however; in fact he took his gruel very badly. For once all his jolliness left him suddenly, and even his fat began to quiver like a pile of picnic jelly. A standing taunt in the Convention is that Mr. Lyne and Mr. Reid have been playing against each other in order to catch the popular vote at home, but although Mr. Reid seems to be trimming his sails to catch the passing breeze, none of that political tacking has been shown by Mr. Lyne. o o o If the latter has a fault at all as a politician, it lies in his rugged honesty. What he thinks he says, and whatever he says he is ready to act upon. Un fortunately, however, a certain amount of deceit and trickery is now necessary to enable a. man to play the role of a successful politician, and those are qualities which Mr. Lyne will never be able to cul tivate to any great extent. Premier Reid, on the contrary, is a decidedly clever juggler, and as a lightning-change performer he can do some very clever turns when occasion demands. But he will require to be at his very best when the House meets again, for the tide is setting steadily towards the the Protection shore, and threatens to swamp the present Ministry before long. People are tired of trying to live on pie-crust promises, and the thou sands who are now standing idly in the market-place give pitiful proof thatFreetvade is not the unmixed blessing that it is cracked up to be, and that Premier Reid is not exactly ' the man for Gal way,' or any ? other country either. u u u Brother Garrard is not feeling very well to-day, and there is grave danger that he will feel very much ?worse before he grows better. He has lost confi dence in his fellow-men (not to mention a 'century' 'or so in the Atmospheric Light 'swindle), and he blames the press for not speaking out boldty and denouncing all delusions and snares put up to take down guileless innocents like himself. It is not very long since, however, simple Jacob was heard bitterly reviling the Press for its outspoken denunciation, of political rauds (probably the greatest and most mischievous raudsof all), and plainly intimating that the Archi median lever which moved the world ought to be tied up and not allowed to bang public men about in the rough-and-ready manner it does at times. Jacob also. regrets to find that people are not culti vating a love for the classics as much as they should do, and that our youth take more interest in cricket than they do in the differential calculus, and our ?workers fail to look upon scrub-cutting as a pleasing and profitable pastime, and, in short, poor Jacob is as full of trouble as a boiling-down factory is full of perfume, and nothing but their patriotism could in duce him to hold his fat portfolio a moment longer. But he will have a splendid chance of resigning soon, and if he is wise he will seize it, lest he be placed in the same peculiar position as 'the servant-girl, who said: 'I gave the Missus notice that I'd leave her the moment she threw my boxes in the street and pointed to the door.' u u u . . The alleged 'one, holy, and apostolic' Wes. leyan Church has been turned into a bear-garden once more, and its good and gentle shepherds have been clawing at each other in Conference like so , many hyenas fighting over a dead bullock. As usual, all the trouble turned upon the 'berlessed bawbee,' and a scene something like the Battle of Waterloo ensued when a proposal was made to limit , the removal expense fund of a minister to ' 2^ tons of luggage, exclusive of a piano.' The'Rev. Mr, Nolan objected strongly to that, and declared that all this ' tiddley-winking business' was nonsense, and all the money so saved was not enough to fill the pockets of even a Hielander's breeks. o ,o o Up popped Brother Lonsdale on hearing this, and, in an excited tone, he demanded to know if 'circuits should be1 put to the expense of carrying ministers' fowl-yards and flower-gardens about the country ?' St. Paul never carried a fowl-house round on his missions, and John Wesley didn't load himself with a £60 piano. John, by the way, didn't need to carry such an instrument. He had a wife to take along ; one who was the Xantippe of her time, and she gave him all the music he wanted, and a deal he didn't want as well, oo o The mention of a piano brought a canny cleric to his feet at once, and he gravely inquired if a mangle would come under the head of 'legitimate luggage' for a minister, or if it was to be excluded on the ground of. being a 'musical instrument?' Con. sidering the number of Scotchmen present, the laughter with which this query was greeted was highly creditable, indeed, and it almost swelled to a roar, when a facetious delegate inquired, 'Who played the mangle; the minister or the Missus ?'» and another pious joker explained-^' It's a four handed instrument for playing duets on,' Just here the worthy Chairman reminded those present that a sacred Conference wasn't a Yankee circus 5 and so everyone pulled a serious face, and it was agreed that a minister would be allowed carringe rates for anything he liked to cart off up to three tons ; ' but mind,' continued the President, ' tha* doesn't mean that he can take more than one musica instrument or half-a-ton of plants.' oo o Then the Benediction was given sharp and short, to the great discomfiture of a weak-kneed little parson who wanted to ask a question about fowl -yards, and to know if his wife (who weighed nearly the recognized 3 tons) was to be included as 'legitimate luggage.' It's great fun tc attend a Wesleyan Conference now, but, guid Laird! how poor J. Wesley's spook must squirm when it looks down upon the sinfully humorous proceedings, ooo There is a story told of a clergyman who, on hearing a woman remark that she had been engaged to be married for the last ten years, naturally asked : 'What has compelled you to remain single all that time ?' ' Because,' replied the candid lady, ?' me and my chap has never yet been out of gaol together at the same time.' She was living in hopej however, like the old lady who started to learn the piano on her 70th birthday, because someone told her De Murska's musical accomplishments had se cured five husbands for her. ooo A twin tale to the above comes from Melbourne, where a dipsomaniac had been reclaimed by some means, and a practical philanthropist gave him a job of work, warning him at the same time that dismissal would follow the first ' break out' that occurred. Things went well until one fine morn ing, when the reformed tippler failed to put in an appearance, and then another man got the billet. At the end of a month, however, the erring party popped up as fresh as paint, and coolly asked to be taken on again. OOP ' Certainly not,' gaid the indignant employer. ' You have a colossal cheek to ask me for anything, after breaking your word, and getting drunk a3 you have done.' ' You're doing me a great injustice by saying that, Sir,' replied the other — ' a very great injustice, indeed, and you ought to have more respect for my feelings. I've not been drinking at all — worse luck. I've been all the time in gaol for thieving !' u u u Talking of drink reminds me that in a country town it is a generally understood thing that when a single young lady fixes herself up in the most kill ing style, and observes, about 7.30 p.m., that she is ' going to post a letter,' there is every probability that she will soon run up against something in a coat and trousers, and be so hurt by the shock that she will not be able to return before 10 o'clock, by which time she will not only have quite recovered, but feel all the better for her outing. This is one reason, I presume, why post-offices are so!^ popular and plentiful. ooo - Across the border the post-office seems to be put to a baser use, however, for a deputation has just waited upon the Victorian P.M.G. and pointed out that his department is pandering to the vice of drunkenness in a most alarming manner. In certain districts it Beems that the local post-office, also the local drapery and the local grocery store, and divers other local establishments, are located in the local public-house. Consequently, about nine-tenths of the male population develop an abnormal craving for postal correspondence, and the moment the even ing meal is over, Paterfamilias spruces himself up and remarks that he will 'take a run down town and see if the mail has brought any letters.' n n t\ When he returns about midnight he has a wild and haggard look, something like that seen on the face of a man who ha3 accidentally run up against a ghost, or is about to start a newspaper, and he is generally as full of fight or love, according to his temperament, as a man of his weight can bp. The Cold-water crowd of reformers therefore prayed that the bush post-office be removed from the bush public-house, on the principle that we should re move temptation from the path' of man, as the frog remarked when he plunged into the lagoon on seeing a ' sundowner' pick up a stone. The P.M.G., did not fall in with thatview of the case, however, but pointed out that the public-house was used as a post-office ' in remote centres' only. Accordingly the mixed deputation picked up its various skirto and coat-tails, and went sorrowfully off to try and reform the purple-nosed theatre-goer who has to rush out after every act to ' see a man' — generally a man whose breath is flavoured with beer or brandy. o oo The 'last of the bundle' to-day tells of a thirsty soul who was making a desperate charge on a whisky mill when he was suddenly stopped by his pripct, who exclaimed, 'Timothy, my man, surely you are not going in to that public-house, are you?' ' I am, your reverence,' said Tim; 'for I'm as dry as a limeburner's wig this moment.' 'But,' ex-. postulated the priest, ' don't you know that if you go into that bar the devil will go in with you?' ''Let him, then,' replied Timothy, as he strode along; ' but begorra, if the old boy does he'll have to pay for his own grog, for all that I've got in the world is thrup-pence!' 