Measuring Earthquakes. T the very centre of the Me of Wight, in a little place called Shide, that most people in England never heard of, lives a scientist who probably knows more about earth quakes tfmn anyone in the world, John Milne, member of learned L societies, late pro k| fessor of eeismo WF logy at the' Uni 8B| verslty of, Tokio, HBI and a charming 3B man into the bar BP gain. His house K looks down upon W the roads where the Queen drives daily while at Os oorue, ana not mr distant nss tne towers of Carle brook© Castle, where Charles I. was a prisoner. Here, on a quiet Mil, grown over with old trees and banks of ivy, away from all rush and noise, Pro fessor Milne inay be found, as I found him, work ing among strange instruments of his own devis ing, operated by clockwork and electricity, and pos sessing: such sensitiveness that an earthquake shock in Borneo will set them swinging for nouro. With tnese wonderful pendulums, of which I dial! epeak presently, the professor watches throbbinge and quiverings of the earth that are unfelt by our un aided senses, and draws conclusions to serve the needs of men. ... My first view of the instruments was at night, and perhaps the darkness and the silence added to the impressiveness of the moment. Professor Milne walked beside me, carrying a lantern, and his Jap anese assistant, Shinobo Hirota, who is nick-named 'Snow' on the Isle of Wight, went ahead to open the doore of the strong walled little houses where 'the pendulums were guarded. . There are two of these pendulums, both constructed on the same principle, but the one more sensitive than the other. 'Snow' showed, us the sensitive one finst, and when I 8SLW it I saw only a little lamp 'burning on a red box with steps to it. The box covered the pen dulum. The whole place suggested some silent alter wife undying Same. I could hear a. clock ticking inside the box. 'What is the lamp for?' I aeked. 'To photograph the end of the boom,' said tha professor. 'It lete a point of light down through that slit. When th© earth moves, the boom swings.' 'Oh,' said I. 'And what is the clock for?' 'The clock works the machinery. I'll explain it in the morning, and show you how 'Snow* develops the seiemograms.' 'Snow' looked pleased, and led the way to the other ;little house. Hers we found -a pendulum that was not covered up. It rested on a heavy column of masonry, and one end of it pressed a tiny silver needle against a vertical band of smoked paper, ' that moved slowly between two rollers. There was a clock ticking' here' also, but no little lamp. 'This,' said the professor, 'ie an every-day pen dulum to let Tie know if anything is happening. If there is, then we look at the other pendulum for fuller details. The other one is not bo easy to get at Just glance along that paper-band, and you can see if there has been on earthquake anywhere an the last twenty-four hours. No, there has been nothing, the line is straight, see — that long white line, the needle makes it as the band turns.' 'Suppose there had been an earthquake?' 'I'll show you what would have happened. Come round here; that's right. Now press .against the column, not hard, just with your -hand. There it goes. .See?' It was like pressing against a chimney, but the boom of the pendulum responded instantly, and the needle swerved out on the paper and then back again, marking, a narrow loop. -, i 'You tipped the column, and altered its level just as an earthquake wave from Japan or Borneo would have done. That is the whole purpose of these in struments to indicate slight changes of level. They are sensitive to a difference in- level of lin, in 10 mites. That's not a very steep grade, is it?' And thea he went on to tell how a pair of these pendulums, placed on two buildings at opposite sides of a. city thoroughfare, would -show that the build ings literally lean towards each other during the heavy traffic period of the day, dragged over from their level by the load of vehicles and people press ing down, upon the pavement. .... . Ibe professor gave some amusing reminiscences of their troubles in getting the instruments properly set up. To begin with; there -were imperceptible air-currents that would set the -booms swinging in a most perplexing way, and when these ? were dis posed of, there came the ghost of Charles!, out of its dungeon, and blew the little lamp out, beings displeased, so the neighbors declared, at their in vading old Carisbrooke Castle (as they did) with such unholy- contrivances. . After much vain con jecture over this lamp incident, 'Snow' finally dis covered that it was the doing of a small beetle, which had managed to drop down the tiny glass chimney from the sostle ceiling, and get himself burned to ashes before extinguishing the name. Next there appeared upon the scene — or, rather, made himself felt--a i-ttle grey 'Money-spinner,' that managed to hide Inside the red box, and would come out at night for experiments of his own. This little spider Knew nothing about, earthquakes, but soon began to join In the game himself. He would eaten tne ena,ot xne Doom witn tus feelers, and tug it over to one side as fiar as ever he could. Then ihe would anchor himself there, and hold on like grim death until the boom slipped away. Then he would run, after it, and tug it over to the other side, and hold it there until bis strength failed again. And eo he would keep ad foran hour or two until quite exhausted, enjoying the fun immensely- and never ?dreaming that he was' manufacturing wonderful eeie mograans to upset the ^scientific -world, since , they Beamed to Indicate shocking (earthquake disasters in tall directions. This was bad business, and went on lor weeks, some of these spider seasmograms being published end puzzled ovar by learned, men in var ious tstiea. v And what made Hie matter worse -was the Jjehavior of a certain wpodlouse, . which got in the habit of crouching under the little lamp on cold winter nighte to 'warm .itself. *niere; he wouia sit in aHcoiafort-diiie^y 'over the elit through which ?ihei^fayafpi light: was Buppbsed to go down to the photographic appamtus, -aad, of, counse, this stopped Ml ireeords. One, 'night the louse discovered the Jspider^pJajjag/With the boom, and Jpom^that- mo anent he became en, ab^bed fipectator of the fun. ^Stelcdiud 7ibi-33liy5waaiJ:It h!n^e1Jt:Mciauee lie slit mis .-Ago small to ,'let him through, but .-heSsencarar-': BSaa^;»pMte :m^;^»«^n^'4na;-iBt- Jart»ilfl ;;1»* ? JSfiSS/::^';'*1;^^;';^-:. '^'.?^-'-^[: -'r-r- ^ lievea to have urged the spider 'to tie the boom fast with his web. At any rate, the spider did this, and one morning 'Snow' found the boom lashed firmly to thesio*: of the box, so that all Japan might have been shaking, acid it would not have swung from its anchorage. This, of course, led to dis covery, and a prompt banishing of louse and spider from the premises, but. while the mystery lasted it was a good one. Such yarns as these the professor spun for me that evening in his cnarming Japanese English home, and he showed me photographs of earthquakes in Japan, taken by himself and his friend Professor Burton, and pictures of volcanoes blowing their heads off, and he told me of exciting adventures crossing Iceland with a remarkable man named Watts, who would jump across yawning chasms just to see if he could do it. Finally we went to bed. — C. Moffett in 'Pearson's Magazine.' 