PHOTOGRAPHING THE INVISIBLE. We are still mystery-loving enough to be roused to a state of interest by any tangible manifestation of the invisible, es pecially when it comes to us under scientific authority (remarks the Saturday Review). A curiosity of this nature was awakened by Dr. Russell's ' Experiments on the action of metals and other substances on a photo graphic plate, as the dry title has it ; and this curiosity has received an additional stimulus from tbe further researches which he expounded to the Royal Society in the Bakerian lecture in Marcb. The title of the lecture might almost have been 'the catching of invisible vapors, and the manu facture and photography of ghosta.' For although this advanced photography is quite a piece of latter-day. science, yet there clings about these experiments with invisible vapors given off from newspapers, metals, pill-boxes, wood, and a thousand diverse substances, an air of mediaeval romance wafted irom the days of Albertus Magnus. It is probably within the recollection of most of us that Dr. Russell discovered that an enormous variety of substances ? were capable of giving a permanent record of their surfaces on photographic plates when they were placed in contact with it and leit for some time in the dark. But there was no definite explanation of the cause of this. Why should a piece of wood a hundred years old, or a newspaper cut ting, or polished sheet of zinc photograph itself m this way ? The reply is at last forthcoming — each oi these substances gives ofi its own particular vapor, presumably in the form of a gas, and this vapor can act upon the silver salts in the 'sensitive plate in precisely the same raanner-as light it self. The manufacture of ghosts lends addition al proof to the vapor theory. A sheet of polished zinc is cut into some shape, say that of a ghost (traditional fcrm), and is placed in contact with a piece of white cardboard for some time ; the zinc is then removed, and the cardboard tied up with a photographic plate. When the plate comes to be developed there appears a black ghost on a white background. Whilst the zinc and cardboard were together the zinc vapor haB been entering the pores of the card, so that to all appearence as blank as before there is in reality a .ghost depicted in its zinc vapor, and this ghost can be made visible only by the photo graphic means described above. It is too early to arrive at any final con clusion about these things, but we shall almost 'certainly have to revolutionise our ideas about vapors in general. We are not at all used to think of nickle, zinc, and aluminium as eaoh giving off the vapor of its particular metal at ordinary tempera tures; still less can we at present realise the calm manner in which these emissions stalk through sheets of gelatine and cellu loid as though there were nothing there. But the facts remain and constitute one of the most curious and interesting develop ments of science (hat has occurred for a long time. 