Overgrowing Her Strength. HOW DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS MAKE WEAK GIRLS STRONG, Testimony from well-known and highly-respected colonists is always worth printing, and the words of Mr George Marner, of " Lammgton," Vic toria Road, Auburn, Victoria, are of this nature:-" I thought I would lose my daughter, Mils Alice," said Mr Marner to our reporter recently, "she was over growing her strength. Medical men could no nothing fcr her." IILre Miss Marner entered and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster, " I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school," said she, " 1 did not feel su i ciently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued .languid feeling that made me most miserable, Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no in clination to do so, there was no fear of m. .isobe)ing this order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr Marner, ' but it had no effect; then I consulted a well known Collins street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering princi pally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lcst flesh and became a mere ghost." " This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st 31bs, now I am gst l7bs." " A great improvement; your treat ment must have been beneficial ?" " No ; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink Pils for Pale People deserve that creiit. Just before the Jubilee holidays last year, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pil!s at Mr Pleasance's, Chapel street, Prahran, they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wi.sh." " And you would recommend them ?' ' Yes; rnd that strongly too," said Mr Marver, '- had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me ioo pounds." '* Parents should think over this--good health and a hundred pounds saved." It is undisputed that Dr. \Villiart.: Pick Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve the brn in. They are a cer tain cure for indigestion, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, bil iousness, ansmia, sleeplessness, rheu matism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, net.ralgia, all female irregular ities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital fcrces, &c.; Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr Williams Medicine Co., care Rocke, Thnmpsitt & Co., Flinders Street M-elbourne, who will forward six boxes for fifteen and three pence, or one box for two and nine, post Lee. About 4000 State school children were entertained at Government Hgase by ,Lord and Lady Bruney o Friday, 