DAYS OF DANGER. [copyright.] Thrilling Narratives of the Bushranging Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. ? * ? IN FIVE PARTS, PERIOD, 1846. ? ?-♦-? ? . . PART III. ' The depot of Edwards' party was on ih 0 Rters ey River, some thirty miles from Mount Valentine, and in four days this wasroachod, and the chief sent in hia report. Hb carefully omitted nil refer ence to the phantom, for he was awaro the authorities did not include ghosts, spoctros, or oven fairies — unless stage ,,iies— as coming within the official list of exemptions from duty. The health of the party, so the report stilted, was beginning to suffer, and as a large quantity of work had already been accomplished, Evan. Efl wards^laimed for hia party a spell in- the more settlod parts, for the place he left was quite un settled. It might be added hero that tho roquest was granted, and never again did the men visit the wild region they quitted, on duty. The finding of the skeleton was, of course, the most important communica tion which had to be made to the authorities, and it was deemed so queer that an exhaustive written statement and the photograph were forwarded to Hobart Town, where they went before the police. The photo, was at once recognised as that of a brutal wife murderer named Jonson, a settler on the Norfolk Plains. Thn tragedy had occurred nearly four years previously, and tho culprit had never been brought to justice. It was three days after the crime waB discovered, and as all the facts pointed clearly to the husband being the perpetrator, a close and vigorous quest was made for him, but he had disappeared as completely as if the earth had opened and Bwallowed him. A whaling vessel had left Hobart Town about twenty-four hours after the deed was committed, and tho police authorities were convinced, as their search in the colony was fruitless, that Jensen had been fortunate enough to get away in the ship. Efforts were made to have the craft searched at her port of arrival, but as there, were no cables in those days the attempt proved quite abortive, and the memory of Jensen's crime was quite forgotten. Now it was unexpectedly revived, and in a manner which left no doubt in the minds of the high officials that the murderer had never left the colony, but had fled to the furthest western regions, and there perished miserably. It was quite likely that the man would either take or destroy his likeness if only from prudential reasons, as if it fell into the hands of the police they would re produce it, and, sending it to different parts, assist in his detention, fie might have had a special reason in desiring its preservation, and that would seem to be bo from the care he took in saving it. That was the common view held, and that he had perished was now beyond all shadow of doubt. That much was solved, yet there was one point which remained to be cleared up. When Jensen dis appeared two other settlers also were missed from a neighbouring farm . They were partners named John Duffy and Thomas Worrall. A fortnight later the body of Duffy wn3 discovered in the Denvent River 011 which their farm abutted, and as a boat which they frequently used was dis covered overturned some days previously, there was every reuaon to believe that tho two men had met a watery grave. The body of Worrall was never found. It was only the revival of the tragic story of Jensen's crime which resurrected from tho grave of memory the strange fate which had befallen the two men — Dully and Worrall — but beyond a few passing allusions to it, there was little gossip. It was different in Jensen's afi'.tir. The newspapers of the day took tho subject up, and it afforded an ezoel lent theme to harp on for some weeks. ' Mulder will out,' and 'The Curse of Gain,' were some of the titles which the writers used in dealing with the subject, but the nine days' wonder was soon over, and gradually the memory of Jensen's crime and his fate faded from the public mind. Providence had- stepped in and dealt out. justice to the murderer when human effort was in vain. A second survey parly was at once despatched to take up the work unfinished by Edwards. This was under the control of a man named William Oonsidine, and as it would not be polite on the part of Edwards and his men to try and frighten off their unevied successors, they said nothing on the question of ghosts. The Btory of the skeleton was of course public property, but it was not an uncommon occurrence to unearth human remains in the bush, and Oonsidino and his four men were not at all moved afc the thought of working in a district where the bones of a wretched mortal had been discovered. ? .A fortnight from the time Edwards left the haunted spot as he imagined, Oon sidine took up the same small clearing near tho big tree for his camp. This was quick work, but it so happened that when Edwards arrived at the depot, Oonsidino and his party were already equipped to go whither tho district Biir veyor wishod to send them. Of course, the first 3pot of interest to the newcomers was tho grave, and they viewed it with more than usual caro, for it marked the last roabiug-piaoe of a desperate scoundrel nnd one. who must have been possessed of no common courage, skill, and enduranoe to reach the locality where his bonos wero found. It was not reported that he had ever committod any robberies or assaults in order to obtain food for the hundred miles or more of rough country which he musthavo traversed, and if ho kept the Lake District, or even further west, it was marvellous how ho had managed to live. Oonsidine and his men knew full well tho perils of such travel, and they concluded that although he must huvo Btartod away with a good equipment of food and stores, most remarkable courago and perseverance was shown by him. : On the 29th May, Oonsidino nnd party arrived at tho 'Grave Tree,' and next day active operations wero continued. The chief was ono who believed that it was most advisable to keep tho camp well supplied with fresh meat if possible, ami there was a man continually told off with the gun for tho purpose of securing wild fowl, kangaroo, or such other animals ob might be suitable for food. Tho reports of gun-shots soundod fre quently during- tho day, and they helped to give a moro civilised tone— if such may bo aaid — to tho wild district. A week after tho arrival of the party, (rriihnm, tho cook, who waa always left in samp, roportod that tho boof-barrol was getting low, and in facu of the fact that so much frosh moat waa used, this wan somowhal puzzling. ' Did you woigh it, at the depot when it. was handed ovoi- ?' aaked Oonsidino, 'No, sir. ft was given to mo ,ib two hundredweight not.t by thoatorenian, and 1 took that nn being correct. It ap peared to bo quite that when wo placod it in the waggon.' Oonsidino, it might bo stated, had managed to bring a waggon into tho rugged district. Thin waa due lo Evan Edwards, who reported that thnru was u fairly prncticablo route, which ho kindly sketched out for him. This waggon proved very handy, but there was ovory likolihood that it would havo to bo aban doned as they went further on. Of course it could ho picked up again on the return. ' Well, thero couldn't have been that amount in it. Wo haven't eaten much since our arrival. How long will it last under the present circumstances ?' asked GVnsidine. 'Not moro than a fortnight,' was the answer. The chiof went away muttering male dictionB on tho heads of tho survey con tractors for their supposed dexterity in- cheating, and vowing ho would havo everything weighed under his own oyes in future. Of. courso, everything was charged against tho camp, and tho more, that was consumed tho less money there was to draw when the party returned. Two days later the cook, who waB also storeman, had an oven worse talo to tell, and ono that caused no little commotion and mystification in tho camp. A pair of boots and a whole suit of clothes were missing from tho waggon, and there was evidence that tho biscuit- barrel had been tampered with. The question at once aroBo, ' Which of the party could havo been guilty of so dispicable an act, and what earthly reason was there for the theft?' Oonsidine called his men together and told them what had happened. He did not for an instant suspect any of them of the theft. They had been with him almost continuously for two years, and were most trustworthy fellows. He wanted their advice, but they had little to give. 1 If it was only a mere matter of the food going I should say there was a vagabond aboriginal prowling. about, but blacks don't run away with strong boots and clothing. That is where tho mystery comes in, and yet there must be some explanation for the affair,' spoke tho leader. ' Are you sure the articles were not lost on the journey?' asked one of the men. ' Yes, quite certain ; for I only took them out of the chest yesterday. Thoy were hanging up in the waggon, and you might havo seen them for yourself. Besides, I've noticed little bits of food disappear the same way. Thero was that half-eaten duck yesterday. I couldn't find it when I wanted it,' answered Graham. ' Oh, some animal might have carried that away. I wouldn't think much of that,' replied the first speaker. 'We must make a thorough search in the morning around this place and see if there is anything-' that will assist us to discover the thief, who, in my opinion, must bo white and not black. Wo may drop on some tracks that may put us on tho scent. In the meantime it will be necessary to keep a watch at night. I'll take my turn the same as any of you,' spoke Oonsidine. This was a sensible stop and was duly carried out, but nothing occurred to dis turb the harmony of the camp. In the morning a close search was begun, but it proved quite fruitless. The tracks of horses and men wero numerous, but thero was no distinguishing whether they were those of friends or foes. Some of them had probably been made by Edwards and his men, and others by the present party ; so after a couplo of hours search the quest was abandoned as useless.' On leaving the camp strict instructions were given Graham to keep a keen watch., for it was almost certain the previous robberies had been carried out during the day. A further precaution was taken in removing the waggon from the edge of the Bcrub to the centre of theclearing. In fact, that step should have been taken at first, though, of course, no one even suspected that there was as much as an aboriginal in the locality. Bach man, including the cook, carried a revolver, and they would not havo hesitated to use them on any intruder whom they sus pected of pillaging intentions. On the second day after this event Mesley, tho man usually entrusted with tho task of obtaining game, came back to the camp a couple of hours after ho had left it and excitedly asked where Mr. Oonsidine was. ' Right ahead in the track, Tom. What have you found ? You look regular skeared,' Graham asked. ' Well, I've found another camp, Bill, and not a great distanco from here. I just stumbled on it when chasing a wounded wallaby, and my word it's a snug place. I believe we're going to make a queer discovery, for it seeniB to mo like a white man's caboose. I cleared out in a hurry, for I thought every moment a gorilla or something elso might coino along. I must go at onco and boo Cousidino,' answered the huntsman. ' Gorilla bo blowed. Thero ain't no gorillas about hero, but I expect you'll nab tho fellow that's been stealing our things. We'll make it hotfor him, Tom,' repliod Graham. The latter scarcely heard the cook's remarks, for ho was hurrying along tho track to see Oonsidine, and in a quarter of an hour he returned with the whole party. The chief regarded tho news a3 serious, for ho armed all tho men, and leaving one with Graham, in company with tho other two ho started under Mesley's guidance for tho spot which had so startled the latter. Tho route taken was due north from tho camp and towards the densely wooded peak of Mount Valentino. Tho country was exceedingly rough, for not only wero tho creeping plants in vigorous luxuriance but huge masses of rock (all granite at times) blocked the way. These piles wore much worn, and tho decay of ngos was most apparent. In some places modor alely sized trees grow on tho rocks, for tho tops had crumbled away and mixed with earth. Occasionally narrow gullies intersected the sides, and it wan to ono of these which Mesley led his comrades. Tho entrance was overgrown with bauri vino, and in almost total darkness tho three men went along beside a babbling brook which wended its courso from the mountain -sido to tho adjacent river. After about a hundred yards tho scrub ceased and '.he sunlight, poured down, revealing u magnificent scene. Tho Bides of tho glen had become transformed into walhi of rock which gradually rose in a slope until ilioy wc.ro not loss than ono hundred feet 011 either side. They did not go up sheer, but in usor'os of gigantic stops, which gave tin; placo a most uniquo appearance. The centro of the glen was covered with vegetation, which relievod tho oyo. The scrub gave placo to troo-foniB, musk, laurel, and other pleasant-looking growths, and it was evident, that the inhabitant of tho plac-a (whocvor ho or she w;is) must, hnvo had an oyo to beauty as well an comfort when tho glen was selected as an abode. ? ' You must be careful now. The ' don ' is only 11 hundred yards away in yonder hollow,' spoko Mesloy, pointing to a small n cess in front. At, this point tho party found that by sonio convulsion of nature a hugo ' bite ' had been taken out of the rock walls to a depth of about twenty foot. Tho re cess made was semi-circular, and such no might be made by the bito of some diabolic mouth. Fern-trees had grown in front in such a way as almost to form a natural barrier. Tho trunks wore only a few feet apart, whilst abovo the branches interlaced in a beautiful niannor. Wild musk, sarsaparilla, and other pleasing shrubs grew between, and there ?was only ono well-defined passage which the first glance showed hud. been often used by man or the lower animals. 'The wounded wallaby got through, there, and that's how I found tho place,' whispered Mesley as thoy silently and cautiously wont on looking to Bee that their weapons were in order. ... 'How do you know that only one person lives here ?' asked the chief aB they neared the spot. ' There is only one small bunk so far as I could see. That's all I go by. There may be half a dozen if I'm wrong in that respect,' replied Mesley. ' Well, if so, they cannot be white men, so that we have little to fear. Let us go right in. Perhaps the tenant has not returned yet,' said Oonsidine. Passing through the aperture of . the natural rampart a queer scene met the eye. There was a ledge of granite about ten feet in height and quite flat on top. It was fully twenty feet square 'and was approached by two or three rough steps partly formed by nature and partly artificial. On the mount was orected a small hut, though in fact there was little need for it, as the rocks above nnd around formed a natural shelter. Clambering -upon the small platean, Oonsidine was followed by the two men, and it was ap parent the occupant had not returned, as there was no resistance offered and no visible presence. On one side of the ledge a Fort of natural fire-place was formed, and it had every indication of having been used for a long time. Some unburnt fuel was still piled in a corner ready for use. Approaching the hut the examination was continued. The place was fairly well lighted, for the sun was streaming down upon the place, and the men were enabled to get a clear view of the interior. At the end was a small bunk about six feet long by three broad, and it was plentifully supplied with the skins of kangaroo, wa\laby, oppossum, and other animals. Several rough spears were standing in one corner, whilst a fur cap was hanging from a peg in the wall. A small piece of corned beef was lying on a mo3t ingenuiously-made stone-plate, which had been laboriously fashioned from a slab of granite. In a corner of ?the room was a large hollow Btone like a basin, and it was quite likely that the occupant used that for boiling water and cooking meat when obtained. ? ' That corned beef ought to be evi dence against this fellow, whoever he may be, but I don't know how you arrived at the conclusion that the tenant is a white man. A blackfellow might have just such a place,' said Oonsidino. ' Oome out here and I'll show you,' answered Mesley, -who had evidently taken a much closer survey of the place on his first visit than he stated. ' Look there,' he went on as he led them to the face of the granite cliff near the baok of the hut; ' blackfellows don't write like that, do they V ' As he spoke he pointed to the cliff, and with unfeigned surpriso the men read the following, roughly but deeply cut out of the rock: ' Gaul Jbnhkn.' 'Jensen I Jensen ! Where did I hoar that name? Why, that's the name of that murderer whose body — or skeleton' — wns found at the big tree yonder by Evan Edwards's party. ; it's-queer, cer tainly. The fellow must have lived here. Tho thought makes me shiver,' remarked Considine in wonder. 'But who lives here now? That's what I want to know,' asked Mesley. 'No one so far as I can see. The place may not have been inhabited since Jensen died. Ton see it is so well pro tected here that the hut would remain in its usual state for a long time,' replied Oonsidine. ' But the corned beef hasn't been here sinoe Jensen's death, which is supposed to have taken place about three years ago, and that fire there was alight less than a week ago,' persisted Mesley. ' I had forgotten all about the beef. I suppose it must be an aboriginal who has found the retreat. It is a real nice little nook and no mistake. If I had to livo in tho wilderness myself I shouldn't mind just such a spot,' Considine said. 'My opinion is that a white man or two is still about hero. You said a few^ days ago that blacks did not steal boots and clothes, and I agree with that. Then who took our boots and, clothes?' asked' Mesley. ' How can I answer such a question. Thero is, of courso, a mystery about the wholo thing which time alone may answer. In tho meantime wo will set a watch and try and find tho secret for ourselves. It may come sooner than wo think. If thero is a wild white man in tho locality it is our duty to discover all we can about him and let the authorities know. Wo will station two men hero for a few days. 1 and Jack will remain till to-morrow morning if you'll bring us up a little food. You can stay also, and tell them at tho camp to keep a sharp look out, for tho follow may try to carry off more stores. He must be running out of provisions by this time,' observed Con sidino. To Bk Continued. 