IftOlBAM AKD JETSAM. BY " AFEMJNTOS." iijoislisaior Hili 1ms been shelved, as L tliertnii lin* ]>o^tponc-fl until fRC Spring Moi:(iii.-', and, strange to lie " again * taken ' up .... the Prince of 1V, on wliich riaie. I presume, the 'k sitting. Consefinoutly we can ot the Bill !•• "liiiiig law this illy mv feoliiig" on tlii_* subject are lor, whilst 1 -. an --ee several points r 1 can (IPW.TV it.-- many against ilecfrtain ii would increase gambbeat 1 lie "Prince of Liars 5 ' himself for at present every owner is bitfrieu'fs of what a goorl thing lie secured all IK. wants himself, but iovftsti'd mi the machine would id, lie would either have to make ojti! iIn 1 raec were won, or else sib of Iris own pocket-—have to lies throughout. We must look ary evil, but if the legalise gambling let them do fkting legal and taxing the book- ^ oftliem liave told me they would 'fplo £50i.l per annum as a tax if it Icoibat they could recover bad debts ilwlikt any oilier man. The idea is ,10(1] present it in our legislators. Sardy finding the country clubs Ifeunw for rijlibinir them of their ig.kt latterly the Y.R.C.has taken lias grained really splendid ^provincial clubs, inn judging by the 'iMfiing last Wednesday—according erideiwe, for the secretary did not | the usual pivss compliment, and i tk»tce-il is immaterial what bud, a.=, if it wore not for niUn i-mi'.ingeut uf sports, the ^ 'we been counted on the : committeemen and stewards. The |wrt always too slou for racing, but 1 the revival of the c.l ui, woulci stj r IhepMollyas racing i s .supposed to ikalf holidays. lVrliaps we may, fe i 'liferent tale, to tell when the »g ensues, as (lien the game of footlie rivotomans so much delight in, paler attract ion. So may it be. |«Hiittte between the devil and the heard th, Ulli„ n „ wr the Tote conjunction of the forces of ^'w-M-aP perhaps respon- « bookmaker., who attended tan b I K , e Dodoubtspecial Lf^t to bear against the Bill by lit, ." 6 ' fe ! , and the the hard- | U * that the bookmakers out -.getting the Rev. Joseph iftnf? KU "' 0W Was ever a ' • fi AWHM M liD6S ^ h e a d i * , S , n Ham ; ,,i ' k wou3d be , Murray.7, ,hn would, I to speak, fcr the chairman and the guests would be too confoundedly acquiescent ill admiring one another to allow hi.'ia show. LEK MKTKOKD, the Carbine colt, has had a great reputation, but on Saturday he lost very many of his best friends. .Judging by the manner in which lie imishtd at Caullield the presumption wa* that staying was his for'e, but on Saturday he absolutely tailed to battle it out, and his Derby and Cup chances must be greatly discounted. He is a notoriously bad starter, ami on Saturday once more lost a few lengths at t he nost. but made up his ground so rapidly that he was in front in the straight. Heretic, however, stuck to him so religiously that the son of the stout-hearted Carbine gave up the struggle. This-won't do when lie has to meet Bobadil, (Jocos and Co. REVERSALS of form were conspicuous at Flemington on Saturday last, as it was only on the '23rd July, or four weeks previously, that'we saw Caledonia, thoroughly well backed", miss even a situation in the six iurlongs race won at Caulfield by Lee Metford, and yet on Saturday he won amongst all-aged horses in much less time. More conspicuous still was the performance of Hymettus, who on the 10th of this present month was made a hot favourite for the Ladies' Bracelet run at Caulfield with 8.11, and yet was never near the leaders, whereas on Saturday last, with lib. more up, lie won seven furlongs in the commonest of canters'; in fact, had the race won at any part of the journey. Truly is racing a most mysterious game, lor there can be little doubt that both Caledonia and Hymettus were on the occasions of their defeats just as well backed by their respective stables as when they won. ONCE more has Dreamland, that grand-looking close relative to Mentor, shown his true form, for it is five years since he got his head in front of his opponents, and that was in the valuable Alaribyrnong Plate. When 1 reviewed the St. Albans yearlings in 1S92 1 selected Dreamland as the pick of the bunch, but advised such a big colt being reserved until a three-year-old in ordei to give him time to furnish. He was raced as a tw o-yearold, and since then did not win a race until Saturday last, showing clearly the wisdom of mv advice. Now that lie has returned to his best form the handicappers will no doubt pay attention to him, but it is quite on the cards that Messrs. Bailey and Orr's expensive purchase will yet repay aLl the attention their careful trainer, Jim Scobie, will give him. AND the race he did win was a great win, as it was the August Handicap of a mile and half, in which he and La Carabine were about equal favourites. In the original race Tapioca went away to make it a one-iior.-e race, but La Carabine went after the ex-Soustralian, and then there was apparently only one in it, but when siie bad knocked out Carbinier and Sayles Boh by- Lewis brought Dreamland up on the outside, and, racing gamely, Nightmare's son made a dead heat of it with Grata vas daughter, both the sires, Trenton and Carbine, being sons of the celebrated Musket. Both owners were game, and accord* ingly La Carabine and Dreamland ran off the dead heat, Dowling being substituted for Turner, but Bob Lewis was nauiralty on Dreamland. The filly as usual made play, but the Dowling Forest horse did not let her get too far away, although he had to take the outside position and, consequently, travel over a shade more ground. Once in the straight, Dreamland improved his position and catching the filly a few strides from home got there by a long neck, the last ten furlongs having been accomplished in 2 9f, so that the paca was pretty severe after a couple of furlongs had been traversed. HOMESPUN had little difficulty in annexing the Hurdle Race, in which he was specially well handicapped, but the unlucky Bell Metal made a semblance of a fight with the specially well-named son of Needle, wliom Bellamy had in grand lonn. AN D 6peaking of Humphrey Bellamy reminds mo that the well-known trainer for the Messrs. Miller Brothers will be out of a " billetwhen the Mill Park totud comes to the hammer in November, just after the Melbourne Cup meeting, owing to Mr. S. Miller's departure for England. Bellamy has made a thoroughly Australian reputation, tor he has trained Leger and several Grand National winners as well as innumerable victors in sprinting and all jumping events. He informs me that unless he obtains a position as private trainer he will have a spell after the dispersal of the Mill Park stud, but my idea is that he will almost have the choice of training stables, owing to the number of winners he has turned out. His present employers do not associate themselves with the great classical events as much as they might, but like to see their colours in nearly every race, however small its value, and thus Bellamy has been discounted ; but then, with the cattle he had at his command, he could always be looked upon to turn out one or two winners a day. His success speaks or itself and, for one, I shall be greatly surprised if he remain unemployed "even a single week. IT is no less strange than true that the mystery of privacy has a special charm, and on this ground we may account lor horses trained at a distance being generally made favourites. Certainly this if the case—without exception—when either of the Wilsons, pere el fils, send up anything from the neighbourhood of Queensclifl. The Show Handicap last Saturday saw Reaper backed from sevens down to 6 to 4, and the grey undoubtedly looked well enough, but "the best Lid schemes," &c.;, for Reaper at the word go by some means managed to get the bit out of his mouth, and, being uncontrollable even by Chris Moore, had a terrible run throughout," so that when he did get an opening he had exhausted himself: moreover, the horse was badly "dealt with " A circumstance that could not have occurred had a stipendiary steward been posted at the turn. Candonia, who was well backed down to 7 to '2, won from Campaign, but it was lucky for the brother to North British that the post was not three lengths further away. HIOT was all the rage for the Steeplechase, and he just won from Tremolo, but the top weight gave the Glorious gelding a good race fov it, and it was only owing to Alf Williams' jockeyship that he got home and thanks to The Vicar's running of!', as the latter had the others in difficulty when his jockey made a mistake in the course. LEE METFORD'S party were sweet on their horse's chance for the Three and Four-year-old Handicap, and so were the Dandenong crowd anent Hymettus. The latter won in a canter from Canada, Lee Metford dwelling at the post and losing a lot of ground. Heretic showed improved form, and may train on into a very useful h:>rs'; if lie stand training, about which there seems at present some slight doubt. ON the strength of a track trial Contrast was made a very warm favourite for the Welter Race, Mr. Jack Pearson's three commissioners dashing down the coin in a manner worthy of his late father. In the betting the opposition was strong, as heavy commissions were in for Acton, Sir James and L.L. ; whilst Nudity disappeared to the outside division. With W. H. Pearson on her back, Contrast never gave anything else & ghost of a show and won in a canter from De Wilton, Acton aud Sir James in 1.43j. Nudity s rider was asked for an explanation, which was accepted. THE V.R.C. meeting was well attended, but not altogether too well, considering the lovely weather during the afternoon. Amongst the visitors were the Duke of Manchester and Lord Kilmorey, our Knglish voyaycurs. It goes without saying that a.'l tlie arrangements were of the usual perieet order we find prevailing at Fleinington. THE stewards at Moonee Valley are generally much more alive than are those at tlie other suburban meetings, and last week they stopped one coterie for a period of six months. 'J'he usual appeal has been sent in to the V.R.C., and, therefore, the pens of the recorders must be dipped in white ink. Sadim, who was one of those to defeat the eight to one odds on Marvel at Flemington in a w.f.u. race a few years ago, v lien Steadfast won, with Sadim second and Marvel third, had the bad luek to fracture his oil pastern in one of the races and had his career terminated by a trooper's bullet. I NOTJCK Relca doing really )irst-c 1 ass work at headquarters in company with The Hypnotist and AI'oha, and as the money seems to IJC going on properly lor the Caulfield Cup it is possible Mr. bam Cook's luck in that event may lake a turn, lor of a verity no horse can be doing bettor than is Portsea's brother. Wayfarer has not I men asked to do very much, but he does all In; is asked in a workmanlike style. Thunder Queen wasat her top on Tuesday morning in a gallop on the tan witii Cardamon, but only went haif-a-do/.en furlongs, whilst the Derby coit accomplished a mile. Omia is looking light after a dose of physic. REKA, who is engaged in the Metropolitan Stakes at Rand wick, yesterday morning ran a very sound circle of the sand, accompanied by Arolia and The Hypnotist. Without being urged thev accomplished the eleven furlongs in 'J.'35h. MR. A. H. COX to-day invites his friends to the Maribyrnong course, situated on the banks of the Saltwater River. A capital programme lias been well responded to, and an afternoon's good sport should be witnessed. ON Saturday the Caulfield ground will be occupied by the Victorian Club, who run one of their usual meetings on this pretty course. The Plying Handicap should bring forward the colours of Majesty, Thunder Queen or The Bright Eyes, whilst on his Sandown Park form Tommy Swivel should land the Hurdle Race. I like John Bunyan, arbinier and Cardamon in the V.C. Handicap, hilst Eumeralla, Spieler and Mailboat read best n the Steeplechase. The Selling Race may fall to era or Veloce, whilst The Bird and Loch Fad ook best in the Welter Handicap. 