. Â GHOSTLY VISITANT. I was a medical student in London, attending the lectures at dear old Bart's, and looking forward to being the posses- sor of a «nug little practice, which, for" family reasons, I could almost already call my own. It wanted but a few days to Christmas, 1874, and I intended to pass that season with au aiiat in _ Hunt- ingdonshire; On the 22nd I packted my bag, and in due time arrived at Oakshott, as my re- lative called her house-regarding which Miss Betsy Trotwood might have in- quired, " Why Oakshott ?" - it being named on the lucus a non' luc&ndo; prin- ciple, as there was not an oak within a mile of it. The old lady met me in the entrance hall, and gave me au effusive greeting; so gushing was it that, al- though we were the best of friends, and I could always consider her home mine, I could not help fancying there must be ^some unusual cause for the delight she evinced?* ^ After supper the truth came out. " Phil, dear,"' she said, " I'm more than glad to see you this time. You know you^re always welcome ; but what you don't know is that either my intellect is failing or that there is a-a "ghost ju the house ! - Yes ; don't stop in?, or I shall breakdown: I know Î shall. "It is'very,, very, stupid ; but I can't help it. And Oh] Phil, Phil, my dear, dear boy--" and she burst into a flood of tears. I made some commonplace rsaiarks . to pacify her, wondering all the while, what the deuce it could be, and whether it was really a case of "a bee in a bonnet." By and bye her hysterical fit subsided, and my aunt was able to give me ,a rational account of her troublé. It seemed that for some nights, past,* after, she had gone to sleep, she had been awakened bysomethiug tugging at the " bed clothes. . On one occasion the eider" down quilt, and the covering next to it. liad' been actually "pulled_ off, and had fallen -on the floor. Naturally ' Miss Rachael-that was her- name-was very much frightened, but, nevertheless, each time she got up, lit her candle, and made a thorough search of the room, discover- ing nothing, howerer, to explain the mystery. Her door was fast locked and bolted on the inside, the shutters were securely closed, anti there was not a crevice iu the apartment that she had not carefully explored to see if a living bird or animal had been concealed there, but all in vain. I should say that my aunt, tlipugh wealthy, had only a small establishment, consisting of two elderly female serrants, and these I well knew could be entirely depended upon. They Blept ou the first fioor, at the back of the house, overlook- ing the garden, and the serrants' quarters wei« on the storey above. The front of the house, completely furnished, should need arise, was almost always unoccu- pied, aud, owing to the peculiar construc- tion of the building, the only other roon* at the back on the same level as my aunt's was the plate closet, where some hundreds of ounces of silver, most of it antique, and of great value, were stored. I had often endeavoured to persuade her to deposit "this at her banker's, but she always objected to do so, alleging that it was one of her chief pleasures to look after the various articles herself, and to see that .not a speck was allowed to tarnish their elegance. After Miss Rachael had told me her etory, I fancied I could see clearly that no supernatural agency had been at -work, and yet I was puzzled to account for the fact that ber chamber had cer- tainly not been entered, and that no living being had been " lying low" in it The elucidation of the difficulty was, I felt convinced, to be found in connection with the plate closet, and I begged my aunt to allow me to pass the night in that retreat. After some hesitation shs consented, and when bedtime came I made myself as comfortable there as I could with the assistance of a sofa, chair, plenty pf eggs, and a modicum of- well, not water alone. My only stipulation was that my aunt's door should, be left unfastened. I must have dozed, off and «on, for a couple of hours, when I was aroused by a piercing scream ; and "Phil ! Phil !" in j an agonising toué, sounded in my ears. I rushed out of the plate room, crossed the narrow. passage which separated it from the bedchamber, and in a moment was in ttie latter. As I entered some- thing became entangled iu my legs, and ? I nearly felL But in that second; I heard ?? a slight scuffle outside the window, and dashing open the shutters I caught sight of a man making tracks for the end of the garden. I had my revolver iu my hand, and fired, - bringing down the quarry. The shot attracted the atten- tion of the village policeman, who happened to be close at hand, and between us the wounded man, who proved "to be a ne'er-do-well of the locality, was safely housed. I then had time to devote attention to Miss Rachel, who, it may easily be believed, was not a little alarmed. But her satisfaction in finding that she had neither been the victim of a mental malady, nor of a ghostly visitant, tended greatly to quiet her nerves, and she was completely reassured when we discovered how the trick had been worked. That -which had caused me to stumble just-inside my aunt's door turned out to be a fine, but very rigid, steel wire, one end having been split in three, and each point bent down and sharpened, so that an exact resemblance of a bird's claw was produced. The window and shutter being not only old-fashioned but old, had left sufficient space at the corner next the hinge to allow this instrument to be inserted and pushed forward until the forked end rested on the bed clothes. A little manipulation enabled the man outside, who stood on a short ladder, to pull off the coverlet by means of the claw, and then quickly to disengage and withdraw the wire. Of course, directly he heard the sound of matches being struck inside, preparatory to the light- ing of the candle, he vanished, only to return and repeat the operation on the following night. This was the substance of the confes- sion made by our prisoner, who alleged that it was his design by these means so to work upon my aunt's fears that-as I j verily believe she would have done had not. I fortunately succeeded in uni'avel ling the mystery - she would have changed her sleeping apartment- to the front _of the house, when he would have had the opportunity he desired, of gain- ing free -access to the back- including the plate closet. On the following morning when I went to breakfast an envelope with a £10 note was in my plate-Exchange. 