TOWN TALK Oar Melbourne letter, together with j other matters of iuterest, will be found j od the first page of the paper. To-day a poll of the ratepayers will be I tat en in the four wards of the town to ascertain their wishes in regard to the | proposal; of the council to seek for an extension of its powers in dealing with ] the general market site for revenue pur poses. Antagonism to the poll, having failed in one direction, has broken out for a final efiort in another. The party who oppose the concession to the council of powers liberal enough to enable them to make the Exhibition buildings revenue producing were unsuccessful in squelch ing the poll, but it is now sought to con fuse the ratepayers in regard to the issue ] by circulating printed statements based upon imaginary figures. The council simply seeks for power that will enable it | to get a revenue from buildings that will otherwise be a valueless asset. Every ratepayer should vote upon the qnestion, and full opportunities of doing so have been placed at the disposal of the bur gesses. The poll will remain open till ' p.m., and the vote is to be taken at the I usual polling places in the different | wards. It is significant to note that the Geelor.g "West Council contemplates the I establishment of a free market to attract the producers to the borough in the event of to-day's poll proving adverse to the wishes of the GeeloDgTown'Conncil. The Royal Society's show, which may be regarded as the agricultural festival j of Victoria, was opened in Melbourne yesterday. District breeders were repre sented at the show, and the successful exhibitors include the Hon. J. H. Connor M.L.C., who has carried off the first and champion prizes for Berkshire sow, and first for black breeds. Messrs E. H. Austin and Stnart Reed, of Camperdown, secured the leading awards in sheep, | outside merinoes. To-morrow having been proclaimed a public holiday in connection with the Royal Show, the Customs and Treasury offices at this port will be closed. Shippers desiring to clear or enter vessels will, however, be given opportunities of j doing so, provided they leave notice to day of their intention, so that an officer maybe in attendance to prevent incon venience. The Courier, after an absence of several days, during which her machinery was_ j subjected to a thorough overhaul, re sumed running to this port yesterday, : and though her steam power was not fuilv utilised she covered the distance from Melbourne to here, inclusive of a stoppage at Portarlington, in 3brs 25miii. It is claimed that the vessel will reduce this time considerably in- the summer months, and the assumption is reasonable considering that she was not extended yesterday. An entertainment in celebration of the I anniversary of the Geelong Town Mission | took place last evening in the Mechanics' Institute, and was attended by a large | and appreciative gathering, who evinced the utmost interest in the varied pro gramme submitted. The Rev. C. Tre gear, of the Central Mission, Melbourne, figured largely in the success of the | entertainmeut, and, in addition to con tributing excellent recitals and songs, gave a lecturette descriptive of the mechanism of the Forth bridge, the] engineering triumph of the century. The subject was illustrated with splendid | slides, representing the bridge in several stages of construction, and'the lecturer | was heartily applauded for the excellence and extent of his information. Songs were also ably rendered by Mrs Laird and Misses Tannock and Steedman, and a double quartette party gave a number in fine style. A series of varied limelight views was also shown, in addition to those with which every item was illustra ted, and those descriptive of flower studies and statuary, including the Ballarat statuary, afforded considerable pleasure to the audience. The lantern was under the capable superintendence of Mr Bennett, and the proceeds from the entertainment are to he devoted to furthering the work of.the Town Mission. Another success was gained at the | Sonth-street competitions, Ballarat, on Monday evening by Mr Geo. Cole, Geelong, who tied for second honors with I a Beudigo contestant in the hnmorons song competition for gentlemen. X few minutes sufficed to dispose of the business at the police court yesterday morning, the presiding magistrates heing Messrs G. W. Patterson, P.M., G. P. Belcher, and W. Pardey, J's.P. Two brothers, each of whom was presented on a charge of drunkenness, were discharged, and marine store collectors' licenses were issued to Jno. Brennan and W. Meloury. A debt case entered on the register for hearing was settled ont of court. , In consequence of 3 complaint having been made to Jtfce police regarding tha alleged gross misconduct of a man, agedl 71, in the presence of a number of children, a warrant was issued yesterday at the instance of Sergeant Steel, and executed by Constable O'Mara, the accused being lodged in the lockup early in the afternoon. The offence is stated to have taken place on the 22nd nit., near the boatsheds on the Pastern Beach. _ The agitation in connection with the market question by the Town Oonncil was responsible for a motion tabled by Or Sargeant. tbe mayor of .the ■ borough of Geelong West, for the establishment of a free market in the borough, so that market gardeners and others might not be hampered in-tbe sale of their produce. When the notice came on for discussion last evening the mayor said he had very good reasons for his motion appearing on the notice paper, but in consequence of the state of affairs in Geelong he would like to see the question stand over till next meeting. He did not believe in the imposition of market dues, and was strongly in favor of a free market. He would, however, like to know the result at the poll to be taken next day before proceeding further. Cr Brownbill asked what the Town Council had to do with the borough, which he held was entitled . to a free market. The mayor replied that his action was in the interests of the market gardeners, but he wonld like to have the discussion upon the matter adjourned for a time. This was agreed ; to, and the matter dropped. The Kev. John Eeid gave the first of a conrse of six Shakesperian lectures to the members of the Geelong centre of the i university extension movement at the Town Hall last evening. The series deals with Shakespeare's fonr great tragedies, and m his lecture last evening the rev. gentlemen laid down some valuable principles of criticism to prepare his hearers for the subsequent lectures. Shakespeare, as a tragic poet, formed the subject of the introduction, and the audience, numbering about 100, was greatly impressed with the analysis that was presented in this connection of the work of the immortal bard. The hour and a half speut at the lecture was full of intellectual enjoyment, and the rev. gentleman succeeded in prepar ing the way for deeper and more intel ligent Shakesperian study. The next lecture, to be given three weeks hence, will deal with " Hamlet: The tragedy of moral perplexity." . A reportv was received by the police yesterday to the effect that Mrs Mary Stewart Angus, an old resident of Queenscliff, "had died suddenly from asthma. Persons for whom accounts are lying at the local .Treasury office are requested to call for payment before three o'clock this afternoon. All accounts remaining unclaimed after that hour must be returned to toe head Treasnry in Melbourne, so that individuals neglecting to appear to-day will be enable to obtain their money for some time. It was arranged at a meeting of the Gee long Pigeon Homing Society, held in Mr A. J. Young's . auction room, to conduct a sweepstake pigeon homing contest from Pomborneit to Geelong, on Saturday, the let October. It is anticipated that i'mly 30 birds will be liberated on the occasion, and a close contest is looked to. Entries close on the 12th prox., and handicaps will he made public on the 30th prox. Nominations for the extraordinary vacancy for the Middle riding seat in the Leigh shire council roust be lodged before Wednesday, the 7th pros., which has been appointed nomination day. In the event of a contest for the seat a poll will he taken ou the 15th prox. An extraordinary tale of tragedy, of which particulars aro given elsewhere, come from Sydney. A respectable and well-to-do tradesman named Eisson is alleged to have made a murderous attack upon his wife, sister-in-law, two children and a visitor named ilordaunt. The sister-in-law is dead, the two children badly wounded—one, indeed, so badly, that he is unlikely to recover—the wife has been shot in the hand, and the visitor also received injuries. The place where the terrible occurrence took place is said to have resembled a slaughterhouse when the police arrived upon the scene. The Sydney correspondent of the" Argus" writes: '• Alleged acts of cruelty on the part of the respondent in the divorce suit of Onglyv. Ongley, consisting of trying to choke the petitioner, cutting her baby's hand with a knife, throwing hot tea into her face, holding her hackwards over a fire smouldering in the grate, and singeing her hair and pinching and kicking her, were not held by 31r Justice Simpson, in the Divorce Court, on Monday, to constitute ' cruel beating' according to the Divorce Act, because it was not shown that the violence had serionslv affected the petitioner's health. The case was adjourned to allow of evidence being given on this point." It is feared, writes the Dunedin corres pondent of the " Argus," that a wreck has occurred on the east coast of the Horth i Island of Hew Zealand during the recent bad weather, as the wreckage found on the beach appears to he too extensive to be accounted for by the washing away of a deck cargo. "When the coasting steamer Queen of the South called at Glenburn Station the hands reported that for a week bundles of brooms, orange and kerosene cases, had been washed ashore. At Flat Point Station the hands reported that cases of oranges, pots of paint, and cabin doors had been washed ashore there. At another station the same story was told. There were found no clnes to explain the singular circumstance or to indicate the name of the vessel to which the cargo belonged. An order in .Council was passed od Monday authorising the formation, of the Victorian Scottish Kegiment. and enacting the regu lations under which members will be en rolled. The term of engagement is three years, with option of renewal. Members must be of Scottish birth, or descent, and between the ages of 18 and 35 years, except where they have previously served in the Imperial regular or auxiliary forces, or in any colonial militia or volunteer force, and in such cases they may he enrolled np to 45 years of age. Persons who have served in a volunteer cadet corps for at least two years will-be taken on down to IT years of age. The standard height is five feet six inches. The Government will provide each member with the following articles free of charge, ! these articles remaining the property of the Government:—A Martihi- Enfield rifle, with bayonet and Eling ; waist belt, pouch and ; ftog ; haversack and water bottle. The uniform to bo worn will bo set out in the dress regalations yet to to prepared. An Echuca message to the "Age " says:— " On Saturday a swagman named Charles Eovell, was admitted to the Echuca Hos pital, suffering from a general break up and exposure. On Saturday evening he died. On being admitted he told the matron that be had no money but 2s and some odd pence, which he handed to her. On his death, in his swag was found a Savings' Bank book showing that be had £117 in the Moama office. A deposit receipt for £7S0 on the defunct Anglo-Australian Bank was also found. He was a comparative stranger in the district." •A Bendigo message to the "Argus "re ports the laying of a ghost as follows:— •' The proceedings taken by the young men ot ttie neighborhood have probably effectu al^ 'laid' the Bayne-strect ghost, as on Snnday night the masqueraaer was fired at by a party searching for him, and, leaving his ghostly mantle, escaped over a fence and disappeared. Shortly after 8 o'clock some yonths, armed with a double-barrelled gun, stationed themselves at the corner of Bayne Etrcet and Stewart-street, and had not been waiting long when piercing screams were heard from the corner of the newt street. The young men ran to tlio spot, and found a girl frantic and trembling with fright. She could only utter, 'The ghost, the ghost,' and swooned away. Turning the corner the lads saw a figure in white moving slowly along the footpath, under the shade of the street trees. One of them fired at it, and without a sound the figure jumped a neighboring fence, j and made off into the garden. The ghostly mantle was dropped in the flight, and when picked np was found to consist of half a dozen yards of white mtislin. As it bore shot marks it is more than probable that the • ghost' was struck by some of the pellets, though he gave no sign. The whole neigh borhood was aroused in a very short time, hut though search was made till midnight nothing more was seen of the author of the scare." A correspondent to the " Colac Reformer," reports that Hiss Burns, of Deans Harsh, had quite an exciting experience the other day. She was driving out from-Birregorra, after having taken a friend to meet the Port ; fairy express, and when going down Beating's Hili one of the traces broke, and the horse began to kick. The young lady stuck plnckily to the reins and though the boggy received a good deal of damage, she managed to get the horse under control. Mr F. Lawrence,' of Murroon, came to her assistance, and rescued her from her clangorous position, and repairs having been temporarily effected, Miss Burns resumed the journey, which sho successfully completed. The following insolvency has been filed at Colac before Mr J. "W. Lloyd, chief clerk:— fVilliam Alfred Cook, of EUingamete, near Cobdcn, railway employe," -Debts. £4G 3s 2^d; assets, £2; deficiency, £44 3s 2Sd. Causes—Payment of 7s 6d in the £ under previous insolvency, and reduction of wages by the Railway Department, -1 -- The morning train from Melbourne to Port Fairy was delayed for an hour on Saturday through the breakdown, - about fivo miles beyond Winchelsea, of one of the driving cylinders. Mishaps of this character, indi oate that a mora frequent overhaul of loco motives is desirable: 1 In connection .with a run under tho auspices of the "Warrnambool Hunt Club, remarkable feat was performed by Handy Andy, who was ridden by Mr Murrav Dick sou. "When galloping along the V.-ilo of Gray mere. Handy Andy and Mitten (Dr Macknight in the saddle) were running within a few lengths of each other toward? rasping fence. Mitten refused when within |. a few feet of the obstacle, and ran down the J fence just as Handy Andy was taking off. The latter then clearedj horse, rider and ' fence, just tapping Dr Macknigrht on the ; back with his heels. On landing Handy ; Andy came down, throwing Mr Dickson ont of the saddle; for a second it- appeared as if the latter was in danger of being injured, but as he scrambled away his horse trod on his arm, inflicting a bruise only. In describing tbis feat. Dr Hackhight states that be was leaning forward at the moment when Handy Andy made tbis great leap, otherwise there might have been an accident. Similar feats are said to have been performed on the hunting Sold, hat on very rare occasions. Messrs A. J*.-"Young and Co. will sell at 3 - o'clock to-day, in the rooms, choice col lection of opera glasses and Sheffield cutlery ; also, immediately after, quantity of gold and silver jewellery, without reserve. There was a largeattendance of members pre sent at the weekly meetingof St. Mary's C.T.M. Society, vice-president Mr E. Ferguson in the chair. Three nominations were received and one new member admitted into the society. The syllabus subject was a lecture by Mr Geo. Halpin, but, through the illness of that gentle man it had to be postponed, and " Elocu tion " was indulged in. Messrs Hickey, Whelan, Duncan, Ferguson, Casey. KinseUa and Dalton contributed, and a very enjoyable evening was spent* The Kerr. F. C. Anderson, one of the clerical vice-presidents of St. Paul's Church Union, gave an interesting lecture on *• Ritualism " to the members of the above society, in their recreation hall, on Monday evening. There was a fair attendance of members, who, at the close of the discourse, were given an oppor tunity of criticism, and gave the lecturer a hearty vote of thanks. MFThe annual meeting of theFyansiord Cricket Club will be held to-morrow evening at eight o'clock. Tenders are invited hy the Town Council for supplying horses, harness and drivers for : street watering to the month of • April, 1S99, ' and also for the lease of the corporation pad docks, adjoining the abattoirs, at 2s*orth Gee long, for a period of five years. The officers and members of the Corio branch of the A.K.A. are requested, hy advertisement, to attend the funeral of their late deceased member, F. W. Merrifield. 