? ICHAPTSIR I.—PERHAPS A. POOL'S . * v EHBANB. „~ . „ . " BY ST. GEQIMS© HATHBO&NE.; "jSLnQior of "Under Egyptian Skies," "JJfass Panline of New Tort," etc. - "Stop-=-we drop off here,*'' -sings out Jack Travers, as lie thrusts his head from a carriage that has Just passed'the Edinburgh. "-• . , , •".,",.'y"'':.'' , The ,Ca.le<lonian Jefeutlraws up to the .Serb and iiis two passengers alight, in front of them ism picture, excelled no- 'jwhere on «arth; Just across the green valley, made into a park, rises lie tnig^ed cliff,. <m top of which is -perched, the Castle outlined in tte- clear, soft moonlight, the scene of < many stirring romantic incidents in Scottish history. .- - •••'." • • l V-';: It is eleven by the neighboring clocks, Esidthp mght^one in • ajreGent Mayl ipng twilight has sivjsu -way about ten ^Jto* the aping of dsudcness; i>ut-Jar off s-i£i lgri&ta;&At; aii^ext^imzs^^ti^llgii .Bppeaiance^ as. seen' on -this - moonlit ~nl£ht, only; that Ms qulckactlons 'would mkrk him as a fellow of considerable energy. His companion, on- the contrary, promises to attract an abundanceof attention in the streets of Edinburgh, being e Chinaman, who still wears lias qiieue, and insists on. dressing, to some extent at. least, in. his nationa? garb. • "Weil," says Jack, When the vehicle rolls away, from the spot, "here we are, Ah Sin, safely landed in .Princes street, s liook up yonder, mV boy; what d'ye think of that sight?' Possibly this is the original AH Sin, of Whom the gifted California^ muse has sung; certain it is no other heathen Chinee could ever -give points to . this Identical Mongolian m the "ways that are.dart and tricks that are vain." ' r a>i Sin has been through it alL Jack found fcim in the mines, and the Celestial caved his life in some way, which piece Of charity cemented the bonds of friendship between them, so that they are now Inseparable in the character of master end mail. Jack could not shake off this feuman ieech' if hetried,-and he"' has lever dreamed of attempting it, since the other is too useful, a henchman. " - "Eleven o'clock," says Jack, : after he bas forced Ah Siri to expressadmiratlon tfor the moon-bathed Castle, rearing its iiaassive walls upon the -heights beyond She Grass Market. "You see, we. have loads of time; twelve was the hour appointed—"that witching hour, when CSrarchyards yawn' and graves give up their dead.' Let us then saunter along SPrinces street in the direction of Calton Slill; and when we come to the north, fcridge over the railroad we cross • to Blgh street, from which we can easily teach our destination, the historic Canongate." ~ fjei If Ah Sin hears, he makes no reply, the elng accustomed to such soliloquies On ie part of the remarkable gentleman, With whose strange fortunes he has for several years been united. In adversity as well as prosperity this Cimple follower of Confucius has proven ias faithful as the needle to the Pole. He •mows more of Jack's life than any father person on earth; but secrets retrain inviolate in his heathen-breast. He walks beside Jack, a trifle to the ..asear. as though he_would not presume. !&h; Sin knows his place, and. in his eyes •this tal! young- man is a god whom he lyrorships in secret Now and then Jack speaks — he does tell the talking, apparently, but it serves io free his mind," and Ah Sin is like a ispc-ngs. always receptive, though-ready 8:6 srive up what he has retained at the ' Eligntest wish of the master. . - A. Strange tie it is that u:::tes these Swo. __ At this hour on a cool May evening tliere are many people to be seen on the ' fcayprite promenade of the northern capital. Probably a stranger's eye would be attracted first of all towards the . jHighland soldiers, seen singly, in groups, or it might .be walking in loving communion with some bonnie lassie; fine, Stalwart fellows they are, decked bravely in the kilt of their clan, and showing fthe usual bare knee?. . . ,. . A couple of. picturesque Newhaven feshwives, .with huge baskets on their tieads, peddling cooked sea-food, perfcaps monstej- crabs, pass fey, said Jack Es bound , to give them a second glance, iwhile even the taciturn Ah Sin grins at teight of their bare ankles seen under the Cfeort petticoats. .. Martial music thrills the air; a comipany of boy soldiers wheels into view, land goes marching past, keeping excel^ Sent time. The sound of the drum is no novelty in any city of her Majesty's dominions, since the foremost nation of the world must of necessity rear-, a rkce ef warriors. 1 Even the childreh inherit fthe fever for bearing arms. ; Jack and Ab Sin have by this time, altmost reached the Register House build-: tng, and find quite a crowd lining the 1 pavement as they halt to watch, the tf-oung Scottish soldiers : pass; . but, tstrange to say, few; if any cheers mark (their-progress—a fact that surprises the lAmerican, who understands not the undemonstrative ways of these canny citizens of Edingiirgh. A few inquiries now,, and Jack cuts fecross the street in front of the post Xjffice, with Ah Sin running behind. ' . .North Bridge opens, before them;un- Berneath lie the tracks of the railroad, ftrtiere engines a*e shunting vans and Carriages backward and ' forward with, tireless rapidity. V Then comes High street, leading on the . »ne hand to .the- oastle^ and on theother ; .fchapglng into that historic region known •fes'jtlie Canongate. it is-a justly celebrated quarter of the Old town, and one surrounded by buildfeigs, antique in their design, which have Booked down on persons famous in his- tory. . Along the Canongate nearly an hour jbefore midnight,few people are abroad. Jack comes to a pause ere plunging into tts recesses, and-surveys the prospect. Wth a full moon overhead this street teust present j an artistic effect on ae- • count of the odd gables and balconies \- and dormer .windows of the houses, each bo different from its fellows; but just \- tow the shadows play at hide and seek, «Jnd the prospect looks anything but altering to Jack. ; : "I say. Ah Sin; you and I have seen \- come queer places in company. . Look ifiown there;, notice the strange effect of the moonlight on the Old Tolbooth and ®s aeighbors — the bars of silver .seem tike Manners waving on the walls/What Boes the picture remind you most of?" "Me tink 'it velly much like Chinatown * fin San Flancisco,"- responds his companion, glibly, at which Jack laughs. . "Just my idea to a dot. Now. this t-etoarkable street may be as safe at this, iipur of the night as Broadway at noon: \- tmt considering the peculiar circumstanfctes, therms something a trifle suspicious o |fi£ she .in its' being .appointed a vend^z- ,Mous. At any rate, Ah Sin; we will . vtsep vn our guard. It Isn't often you X have been caught napping." ^ - They aavance and. enter, the sacred precincts of what •* rms,' two centuries tiact,' the centre of Edinburgh's aristif-. ^iii-" *—"—If the street wef<e. per-' s a w o t b t l i m ^ipftl^fillill th ,of poBr Ah e abilities-of the ex-nHner/andr; c9Wboy< thga; Jack could not possibly 1 HH-isinate. a preposterous scheme in whiph the oUier would not Immediately ?>elieye with heart and soui. Sauntenng slowly on. Jack t casts an occasional glance aloft, and ,presently find? that they are exacjl^ uqper the greaf ciock suspended In air far 4ip the facet5r.&e;!oia Tolbooth. ^ ^/'We'gp ,no further, Ah Sin- This is the camping' ground where we- are cool our heels waiting on the pleasure of — well, some one. If we fail to-night, Jhen to-morrow at the same,hour — any j "night -this week; will do. By .the way, you Jiave,die weeds, my . dear fellow; oblige me with one. - Some time to wait; and tobacco is very soothing, you know." ~"The Mongolian squire to this nme^ teenth-century , knight has already whipped out the sacred case .containing tfce precious condensed, incense to the gods, and handing one of .the weeds -fco ; his master, he speedily supplies a . light, apparently enjoying,, the sight ;of. Jack's contentment. nioTe than he would the smoking of the cigar himself.. "Peculiar arrangement this," continues the young man; "don't remember ever having met the equal before. Botiria to see it through-; never known to quit. a game as long as I,could hold on—eh, Ah Sin? I've passed 11 through something of .. _ ... . w „ „ most t^QWir Caacy tt^-- can't believe3T anj';jigirt to Accept; that's why I am here searching for -her. Find her yet, if I have to ±um old Edinburgh upside dqwn, or follow, that rascal over the sea to Havana, whence he came. Heiglio! this is an odd world. What's the time up there?—half-past eleven by the Old Tolbooth clock, and Jsck Travel's that was standing in the Canongate waiting for Fate to toss him a favor. Will 'I find what I seek? That's an open 4ubstion: but since this photograph fell into iny iiiods I must'confess;.ti) an •'interest;' in the -built second to ^hone in -my * whole life." Just beyond the stone stairs against which Jack has been carelessly leaning stands a street lamp, and Impelled by some- strong motive, the young man" saunters in that direction. Prom a pocket he takes out a notebook, and unfastening the rubber toaiid of this, gently draws out a .card photograph. . It bears the stamp of the best photographer in Edinburgh. The face is thai of a young girl—a charming face, that could hardly be found, outside Scottish borders: for the claims of Scotch lassies as .queens of beauty have long been recognised as well founded, and hardly need the inspired pen of a Burns to court the favor of the world's judges. Jack seems to devour the picture with his eyes. "Yes," says Jac-k, almost savagely, ."I believe it with all my heart. This is my fate—Sweet Jessie Cameron; and could I win her heart, gladly would I forego all those wonderful blessings Fortune has of late seen fit to shower'on me." And' it is to find her I have come to this northern capital, visiting the Canongate like a thief in the night, and courting not only arrest as a prowler, but what is worse, a cold in the head. Some secret influence works against me,. I have reason to believe; but I'm bound to reach my goal if I have to foHow the original of this picture half way round the "world, and even to that fever-racked-gem of the Antilles, Old Cuba: He actually sighs as he carefully replaces the picture in its receptacle, and then casts a quick glance round to discover if anyone has been a witness to his action. Not a soul appears to be in sight save Ah Sin, and thai acute Celestial has bis back turned towards has young master, as though he would avoid giving'him ah awkward feeling — wise old All Sin, reader of human nature and pupil of tlie greatest of diplomats, Li Hung Chang. Jack is just about to return to his former place of vigil, where he can rest his broad shoulders against the stone stairs leading above, when-a. strange thing happens—the most remarkable event in his experience so far as the vagaries of chance are concerned. He hears a sound of wheels, and realises that a vehicle of some sort js advancing from the direction . of High street—a vehicle that is being carried at a rapid pace, by the animal in the shafts. Perhaps some beiated. traveller endeavoring to catch his train—an experienced traveller who has bought the cabby body and soul by the promise of an extra shilling if they succeed. They come spinning on at a joyous pace, and naturally Jack has his eye on the vehicle as it approaches, little \- dreaming.-how much his fate is bound up in that cab. As though the inmate has become somewhat anxious over his whereabouts, a face appears just as they are passing the lamp-post, a face that is so familiar to Jack that its presence here in old Edinburgh almost takes his breath away. He opens his mouth as if to call out a name; -but before it can leave bis lips the strangest part of the whole affair \- comes to pass. "Why it should happen just there in the presence of Jack Travers must be left to those more skilful in solving the problems of Fate. The three sisters spin their threads, and weave them into the warp and woof that go to make -up the fabric, of human lives with marvellous skill; and, looking back, we . sometimes shudder to contemplate what a change-must have eome over onr fortunes 'if jeertain events, upon which our plans-have been based, had not occurred. At all events, one of the -wheels of the cab -takes a- singular- notion to proceed oh its own account, having- secured a divorce from- ihe—aatle-and-its running mate. . . of the vehicle;- tne^-norse rases it upon himself to fling Tip his heels, and might have beaten v^he . gab.- into matchwood, as the driver' "sprawled upon the stones, only tfesiit Jack springs out and grasps his hit 4n-a, .firm hand, effectually quelling the-, insurrectionary spirit that had cropped up.;in the usually sedate animal. CHAPTER H—THE HOUSE WITH THE .gEVEJS GABLES. The driver has been momentarily overwhelmed by ihe disaster that has come upou him switfibttfaasecond's-- warning; but he quickly 'recovers his head, and pi eking &imself; up;frtfm the street, <ruiis to the assistance of the young man. "I "have thp-Ijeaat rail sight; jlookiyoc to .the passenger—I'm ^afraid he's ; beeih hurt," sings out Jack, wjypse long familiarity with the bronfihp of .the^American prairies during his life as a cowboy has taught him many a trick, by means'jbf which the most spirited horse might, be held in check. . • .w. Obediently the Jehu turns towards his dilapidated vehicle. He jfin|j£ some difficulty in qpeping the Iront, -which has. suffered from the'liprse's heels or a sudden collision .with the pavement; 'but presently succeeds, and just as Jack Is giving the horse over in charge.-of a policeman who comes running up,- the f in-- maije .of the. forlorn . hansom, is,-assisted ut.,- Fortune has indeed , played him a< cuJCTjr trick, for be is badly • battered, ndj doubtless believes the. case fair prse than If will turn out in, the end. Jade-remembers the glimpse he had f the gentleman's face, and .is more han .curious to ascertain whether it can e possible he knows ?-tfais ^^ortun^te j 1 raveller. t , • ' , , " go' he bends ovfer him, and discovers ie tias made wj mistake.. " « TK^WajL wtiO h«LS beeh groaning f^ih p p p l l i "Wiiyv-How&rfi;, old Son't you tef member me-^-Jack Trarers?" says 'ih& other, cheerily. The man on the pavement 1 breaks .out into a laugh—a liarsh laugh, that Igrates on the nerves. _ "Tell that to the marines. Jack Travers! Why, he's dead, and Im his ghost —take, my oath on it. Haunted by die name. What's all this? Blood? Then rm badly huri, alnt I? Must go on— promised to'be there by twelve. A fortune'at stake, you know. - Help me up. -you .fellow. Don't you know a gentleman when you see him? Now show me the house wijth seven jgables at the corner. I tell you I must set there, er^all is lOEt." . - . :. The man has an ^amazing amount of pertinacity about fcim: at any rate, he reels forward, takes three • steps, and talis headlong, so that it is only a quick movement on the part of Ah" Sin -that, saves him from crashing to the pave-' ment. • ''Badly hurt. I will send for help and have the-gentleman taken to a hospital,",' says a second police oSic-er, who has arrived. . . It would be a wise plan," remarks Jack; "for he may have received internal injuries. You see he talks as if he's off iiis head."- By time "numerous heads have .apgether, so that lie xnay^ drag it aiway to the mews where his quarters are located. . * - - - -. Jack attempts; to "question.. the , man, whom he has apparently^impwn at^ some former period of his adventurous past, hoping to discover where he puts up ; but the other pays no attention, muttering to -himself about" his appointment and swearing horribly every time, he moves his vrrencted or brpken : arjn. , Turning to the hitofepm driv.er, Travera learns that^he picl^jd rip his.,^jne Sat the station, the gentleman'ha.ying come by a dfelayed train. , Quiekly. in response to the policeman's eallv ah ambulance arrives, showing how systematically everything is done in this beautiful city on the Forth. The unfortunate-gentleman is lifted into it, arid almost befo-re Jack realises the fact, the vehicle vanislies down the street. He turns roun^L; the Jehu is also leaving'the spot. with his horse towing- the TiTecked ! "hansom: the little crowd disperses, heads are drawn in from windows, and almost like magic the Canongste resumes its normal state ;.pjL midnight silence.; : "' ' - ' Jack rubs "his eye® in bewilderment. ••- "Come, was all this a dream, or did it really happen? That poor fellow bad an awful shake-up. Once we were .chums, $nd many times have we slept under the. same blanket, until that litle affair down at Santa Ee separated us. I never Could, forgive Ho-ward his treatment of that biack^eyed beauty.'. What brings "him. •across any path ag-alri, and, of all times, now? Heighd! what o'block is" it up there—ele^n-fifty? How the minutes drag! Have I really beeh asleep and dreaming! Ah Sin, did a vehicle smash to pieces here?" he-demands, turning fen his faithful follower. "Velly muchee smashee up," replies the Celestial,'with an angelic smile. ' And a'gentleman was hurt?" "Yep, velly sure; he talkee in air," responds Ah Sin, nodding eagerly; ,". «; "And (they carried him' to the 1 hos-" pital?" "Takee to dead house, sllee samee." declares the Mongolian, rather flippantly; for the heathen Chinee has no heart for any one outside of Jaek. "H'm! Well," that settles it; but I'm hardly able "to believe It happened even ,now. Perhaps you dreamed : fhe same, thing I did. Where's your : proof, "Ah Sin? No broken hansom, no wounded gentleman, nothing at all to show." " "How this?" and the man from the East holds a small pac-kage aloft. "A. packet of letters tied with a string. Where under the sun did you got those, my good man?" "On street — fall from pocket of Howard,. allee sorriee." "The-deuce you say. Then why . But never mind; I'll take charge of them and see that ho gets his property in the • morning when I hunt him up at the hospital: At any rate, this is proof enough' I wasn't dreaming. I wish I couid be as sure about his raving. My ghost, eh? Well, I like that — rather cool, to say the least. Haunted by my name is lie? Well, I'm , sorry, but I never thought it was s-3 atrocious as that What else did he say about going on?—had an appointment -at twelve that he must fulfil. Rather unfortunate, but he seems more in a condition to keep one in the other world. A fortune at stake, oh? Why, that's something" in my own line. Deuced odd we both should have visited the Canongate at midnight on errands involving the filthy luere! Show him the house with seven gabies at the corner. That was where he had the appointment, I reckon. Is there such a house near, here? I've a charitable notion to saun-- ter fin a little bit and see. It would, perhaps, be doing a favor if. I dropped in and explained .to the good folks just why Howard failed to turn up. \ "It wasn't his fault, goodness knows. Wheels will, sometimes fiy off their base, and give an unexpected twist to a man's fortunes. I've had spell things happen myself. He said all might be lost unless he got there. That would be a pity if a few minutes of my time-can save the da-y. "Howard and I are no longer the friends we once were, but I'm enough of a philanthropist to do that little thing for him. Hello! Two — four —six; yes, seven! And at he corner, too. Without a doubt that must be the identical building he sjioke of. Perhaps I may lose my chance of meeting my correspondent tonight, but even that must not keep Jack Travers from his duty. Ah Sin, my boy, do you see :that building -over yonder— the house of seven-gables—the-house to whi^h -the" poor gentleman was driving wi^u iis tyre was punctured? Well, V-UiiXuiHef over to- sound -a tattoo on the owr, una let them know why Howard fails to show up. You see'there are lights—they evidently expect him. A fortune, hie said; perhaps some old woxthy ujicle waiting- to make him his Ueir. Poor uncle! I'm for -him, knowing, the said Howard of old. Now watch-me, -my- boy,- arid take a" lesson. This is the gentleman's rap — not the postman's or the man with .a bill." •ItJ-pidently this same Jack > Traverg; bachelor. Is inclined Jto- be-rather -a facetious individual, capable of seeing something in life beyond , mere exist- -enee f- He gives the knocker several resonant blows, which echo along- the quiet Street..-..;'- • • • •• • \- Some .one.is heard, advancing on the' other side of the door, and a hand fumbles the chain. Evidently the in- ;mates of this queer house with the 'gables do not put implicit confidence in their neighbors, or -else they come from 'a country where locks are a necessity,' Jack somehow or other, at the jingle of tire thaan, has a Eash of remembrahce' concerning the fortune mentioned by the passenger ol-tfae wrecked hansom t:ab. Then the door opens. ; The hall-is .-iy i s dimly lighted, and he scan -just see the fig:ure of a -man" before him—a man as striking in his 'general appearance as one would . meet in the <}oar£!er Latin of Paris; where art students abound—a man who has long trongi'py hair that fiiris to his shoulders, a snow-white beard, and 'who wears the conventional black velvet jacket of an ack is a little 5 struck* by the appejirfltnde l ot this jgentieman/who -bas^swung, fee and Is Observing,Mm with what- appears to be a I burning gaze,* so that for the moment he Ydtasps^ spekk. . laiji»j.!me^slrj'< bufc were ^tui e&pect-; -Tallin surprise the old,gentleman imjnedjately puts out his hand; his^ /demeanor changes, sTnce he " 210 longer Itomus and looks suspicious, 'but «5mi|te and Jack, not to be outdone ,in ^politeness, meets that palm, half way, ^elievr, *ing he can at least hold Ids own when it comes to a..squeeze, if givgi. hfe. -favorite grip. \- -f- The bells clang out the midnight hour jusc at'-this moment, and between the -strokes he hears the other say' with ^vhat.appears to-be a foreign aeeLnt to his English: "Welcome, -welcome, - to lny- house! Jon -keep the appointment barely to - the. letter; still, as we say in sunny Spain, Mas vale tarde que nunea,,"which is, Better late than never. I haVfe waited —we all have waited anxiously. Por Dios: you arc. here. Again I say," -with all my heart, welcome on this happy night. Mr Jack Travers—ha, h.al - • CHAPTER IIL — HYPNOTISED BY A LOOK. The young man from the States stands there as if petrified. Several times during the short address -of the elderly and picturesque gentleman with the lo'ng silver locks and velvet sack-coat he has endeavored to break in, eager to disclose the fact that a mistake has been made, for Jack, is not the man to fe£l al ease in" borrowed pi umage steange to -say, wjieu the other finishes^ bite peroration with the utterance^ o£ar Jjeic&*s "name; all desire to thus dipeiaim any. connection with- the 1 matter passes awiay, • - . - ' . .. He is like a man partly under the .influence of- ether. He- sees things- as through a glass, darkly, and yet endeavors to grasp the truth as a drowning ;m».n grasps-a'•straw; .. •-' — t A dozen-thing's flash through his mind g.t once. First comes the thought that by some accident he has stumbled on the house to which- his unknown- correspondent- with.whom he .had the appointment 111 the Canongate meant to .lead him, but this be speedily dismisses as less plausible than others. " Before hjs bewildered mind flash the remarkable things ruttered by Howard .in his cojifused: state following the smashup. They assume "a startling importance just at this moment, and while jack fails as yet to grasp the. whole, he has little dazzling, gleams of light that promise amazing results. That i s why he does not-make any resistance when the Spanish gentleman draws hini over'the threshold. Curiosity is aroused, and, even on the instant there has arisen a" desire to,discover -why tbey play at battledore and .shiitHe.cock rtfSth his name. t ' Given an active mind and Jack TravSrs may be expected to soon solve the mystery: but It will take a little time; to gain which, Without arousing curiosity' he -must carry :%ht'his .^airt of the , !)«>gramme naturally:- " '" '' » Probably it would be hard to find a hian'more wlilin'g to mpet Fortune half waj^ j.'??:- --.--r' " "•- " T . -.' •' _ • jHe is bold .by nature, fe&rlesf;? from constant 'association with danger, since familiarity breeds contempt, and not averse at any time to engage in an enterprise the. outcome of which piques his curiosity. "Ha! what would you?" suddenly exclaims the elderly gentleman, as he brings.the. door to, and nails poor A3i^Sln in theoam—Ah Sin who, seeing Jack'enter, attempts to slip also across the threshold, believing it to be his duty to follow where the master leads. The* wretched. Celestial is-in a way jto feel the power tof the press, since his captor sho.ws no sign of relenting, when Jack hurries to his relief, and hastily expbiiiis that, the heathen Chinee is- .his .y^Jei^ his shadow,, without whose -jfesteliful . presence he .would scarcely dare to breathe; upon hearing which the muscular old gentleman suspends the.pressure, and Ah Sin, relieved, though .considerably flattened, slips in. - ,. Jaek hears voices somewhere near by, and his nerves .-.vre tingling with an-eagerness to discover the meaning of it all, which desire has been, brought into existence by the "mere mention of his own name by this remarkable foreign artist. "Follow me, Senor Jack," says the party In question, as he turns and. walks hi the direction of -the stairs " leading aloft. Jack unconsciously allows a hand to 'slip round to the pocket where he usually carries' "a small revolver. Perhaps the habit is a ridiculous one for gentle^ man located in the good old city of Edinburgh, but Jack may be excused on the ground of association. For years he has lived among the- wild cowboys of the Texan plains or the lawless miners in the Cripple Creek region, where a man's existence often.depends 011 his possessing a shooting-iron, and his ability to handle the same in the smallest possible fraction of a second. Old habits are difficult to break away from, and Jaek has not yet grown to feel at ease without being "heeled." .. As he-strides past the parloj- door he has a-glimpse of several parties in the lighted room, and somehow discovers, himself taking- an unwarranted- interest in the graceful figure of a young lady; who chances to. have her back towards" him. . The faithful, if wondering, Ah Sin follows at his heels, apparently- determined to watch over his beloved master at.all costs. -. - . Having surrendered to the conditions by which he has so suddenly been surrounded," Jack fancies himself' "ready to follow.the lead of this dancing will-o'- the- wisp of fortune at least to the vers' danger line, They enter a room. A light stands on a table. Jack,giving a hasty glance around, sees nothing more dangerous than a hair-brush before a mirror. "Allow me to help you off with your outer coat," chatters the other; "no trouble, I assure you. I am so pleased to think our plans have come out so beautifully, and that this night we secure—I a fortune, you a portion of the same, together with a lovely— : -Car-7 ramba! Senor, your garments—pardon me—do npt exactly suit the occasion- But I forget; you have been a long joilrney on, and there has little time occurred for such things. After all, what -does it matter? I doubt very much whether the fact of your wearing a travelling suit will be at all observed by your wife." ••-.••-.•- ;--.'" .Poor Jack feels a cold chill chasing up and down^his-spinal column. Had a - bucket of water been daished -over his head he .could hardly have experienced more of a freezing sensation. "Pardon me, senor," lie gasps, "but you—er—said something concerning . my 3 wife, which I—er—hardly understand." The good-natured old gentleman in the velvet artist's coat bursts Into a laugh, as tho-ugh-he finds the subject very comi- ! cal, and, of course, Jack, to be. accommodating, laughs -too, though his-merriment might be set down as strained. Alt Sin simply grins while he whisks the hand-- brush over his master's clothes, but he Is making better headway at solving the riddle than Jaek gives evidence of doing. "Of. course," chuckles the host. " yery foolish on my part, a merry bachelor as yet; but we calculate, Senor Jack, on having you tied In the tightest knot pos-r. sible before half an hour has jgone by," • "The devil you do!" mutters the indi-, vidual in question, -vaguely wondering,; now thrit matters have .reached this critical point, ' whether he had not better kick over the traces, declare his identity,; and call the game off. - • His identity! Good,..heavens! - they seem to know him already, since the old: sinner l^ud called hint by pame, and still j 4<ldresges iiim as'^enor Jack., •. *' < J Cai-it be possible this is eanny Scotch game to inVeigle htm into | ^ marriage that VriU put him din the.i ! power of a gang of blackmallers? i , He might even suspect such a tiling 1 i i i only'iort'H^^ard's^connection witli it, and his detaar^iti'on' that he had a mort- S^ge,upop the jffiiftie-of.Japk'Trayers. Albany time before e iina| -round, and •same jpoW' —he may y< leg amazing jable to, fathom that thei ' of this" mystery,. , He haa axx>ufeed blmself. He asks questions so fashioned that they may not betray his Ignorance of the subject, receiving in'reply non- committal explanations tigt.oiidy B^r^a^- satisfy hjjn. In"the "midst of if "-all,-an explosion threatens. , "Senor Jack," says the remarkable host, who stands eyeing him from head to foot in a critical manner, "I believe you will make -a wonderful hit with the charming young lady, and she will. not think the union so -disagreeable as she feared:- Pardon me. but I had not dreamed from, your description that you were so dashing, so very handsome." It is not often a man receives a compliment from -his own sex, and Jack laughs in : some confusion, meanwhile muttering under his breath: . "Well, I don't .wonder, the old • chap's surprised if Howard gave a truthful description of hlmseif, sinee I've known him to scare a cbyofe by smiling at it." His strange host continues: ' "There is one thing we "have forgotten —not that I suppose it matters at all, but you will of course remember, Senor Jack, that it vras agreed between us you should prove" your identity when you came." - "Just so," remarks Jack, serenely, wondering which identity he is called upon to produce the evidence for; and hardly read? to stand up and swear he ie the genuine party whose arrival has been so Aheml anxiously have anticipated. you-those letters with jou.?'-'- asks the other, suavely. Letters! Thait reminds him Ah Sin picked'Up a packet-In the street&fter; the wrec k©£ tbe Caledonian hansom. Jack draws them out with a confident air; he is -now ready to believe Fortune plays the cards for him, since everything seems to.lit as neatly as-though the ends were dovetailed by an experienced joiner., . .; "Ah! the last doubt is thrown to the wind.- Buenos! we shall all be merry. Last-of all, Senor Jack, you remember the compact." - ; , . • . "Suppose you repeat it, to refresh my memory," /suggests., the . artful • Jack,- using the brush on jiis curb* locks. "Briefly, then, you have agreed to carry out your share..of this business for a third of the spoils, which shall be . placed in your hands as . soon as we secure possession, and all is arranged go that yoii need not fear being cheated. On, my part, because of my influence in the matter,; I receive another third, or as much as I can coax from my lovely ward. The one point Insisted on by her is hard with 'you, senor." "How so?" asks Jack, deeply interested. "You remember, I explained, and you agreed to. abide by it.- Otherwise there could have been no wedding here to-night It is this—that once the ceremony is over you part from your wife, and never seek to' come into her presence again except by her own order." Jack gives a little whistle. Reaily this affair gets more and more mysterious, and yet, strange to say. the. deeper the complications become, the firra&r; grows his grasp upem. it. .--..' "Well, as. you say, senor, when one has promised it is settled, and I would not go back oh my word," he remarks, coolly. - "You are all ready now. I: believe." "Ready?" "To descend with me—to add the finishing stroke to this great plan which has been arranged between .us by letter —to end your bachelor days,and for the space of five minutes cali yourself the husband of a most charming young lady." "A most 'astounding prospect, really. See here,*'my dear senor; perhaps we'd better end this matter, which has gone far enoiigh." . . • / "Follow- me, Senor Jac-k, and it will soon be ended. Ha- ha! Who could wish you a better.fate? Come/ both -of you; the bride may be growing anxious." cries the other, waiting at the top of the stairs. Jack's hesitation is brief. "Hang the luck! I'm in for it, I fear; but at the Jjist I shall make a dash for the door. That refuge is left. All I wait for is one peep at the bride, and then you'll see Jack Travers make a record. Married! Good heavens! the very thought paralyses me. Jack Travers married to-night! Not unless —/•" He finishes the muttered santence with . a" laiowirig "smile ' of anticipation, and hurries, after the beckoning- old gentleman: while Ah Sin, winking wickedly at himself as he passes the mirror, patters after the master. Ah Sin has grappled with mystery, and understands the facts much better than the heavier Anglo-Saxon intelligence of Jack has been able to do. Now they are at the foot of the stairs, '•and Jack clutchfes the sleeve of that velvety coat. ". ' "One moment, senor," he says, huskily, for the dramatic- situation begins to tell upon him. \- "Whiajt now?" demands the other, a little testily. "A simple request. Before we enter allow me one glimpse of the .young woman to "whom I am ab out—ahem!—-to sacrifice my bachelor days." "That is reasonable. Turn your eyes yonder—she who is dressed in white. Tell me, Senor Jack, saw you ever a lovelier vision.than than?" And Jack Travers,- looking, feels his heart beat with tumultuous force against its prison walls—feels his whole frame thrill with an ecstacy he cannot explain. The door is not five feet away; without lies the street and freedom, but forgotten is his resolve to flee. Instead, he draws a long breath of resignation, and to his guide says:— "Leadon; do with me what you wish;" while to himself he whispers. "The hand of Fate is behind it all. Why should I hesitate, when in this girl who (they intend shall be my wife I see the original of the photograph I adore—sweet Jessie Cameron?" ..- ' CHAPTER IV.—MERELY A BUSI- NESS ARRANGEMENT. The last lingering; doubt fades from Jack's mind when he' discovers the Identity of the young girl >who- is about to take part in this peculiar-ceremony. Step by step he has crept :\long the path, picking up a clue here and there, but until this climax bursts upon him he has not been able to grasp the whole situation. Now he has It. In order that Jack's .motives may appear to have at least some degree of saneness in the eyes of the reader, it .may.be as -Well .to 3ift the curtain a littre at the poiffit of his appearance in the room,- and'explain briefly what mission brings him to Edinburgh, and how strangely the Fates , have undertaken to manage his case for him. . While Jack was wrestling with a fickle fortune, in the silver mines of Colorado, he received word through a firm of solicitors in London, that a most extraordinary event had "occurred In the other branch of his family, .which resulted ih his being made heir to a rich English •property over in* the "tight little island, besides assuming the honored address of Squire John Travers. " These remarkable events do happen Once in a while, even in real life, as the enterprising- barrister who had hunted Jack up declared emphatically. , It Chanced that Jack >a$l made a rich strike In the mines about the same time, ' ^ so that he was not very eager to hurry'' across the big pond and claim Ms new inheritance. - • , - t -.•;'»,'.- Finally, however, ..having put fete affairs in order, he accompJ^Wed the yer to London. . There, for the first time, he learned of a peculiar- codfcal to the will through which he was to come, into possession of the -vast estate of the Travers family J The sqefre's part ; of it was porthlt tioja of the -estate, about onehad been entailed, must eome to- , which" him through the natural law next of kin;J>ut,the (great balance,' an ' i H u M i i i i i i h M of rt enormous^ property, top, cojne his own in case he inarried^a jcerr., -tain young womaiv—ia. distant raaaiVi?' «t the testator, chfirififtejl 5^!^!^ "tiUm fpr .her—'which affair nns|^i)itt' ^ff^WiiiliMlA J^ai-V' Vfft-' If ..Jack laughtO aabud in si»rn lt : .iBe "idea. \ up 1 his freedom, andvMte fog his wlfe'w'^girl 'w^Lom he' bad ;taever i seen; before, in order to acquire certai n property! He would see the lawyers in. a very warm * place, indeed, - ^before iie dreamed of such a thing: ' | ' * Finding expostulation vain* 5 froni' 'the monetary point, since this young chap already possessed a fair fortune, the shrewd lawyers of Chancery-lane changed their tactics. _ - They read him, and saw that,' "like most. Americans, . "he . was . chivalrous"' wherever -womankind was concerned. So they drew his -attention to, the will again, and showed^him that,should this marriage, on which the testator had set his old heart ,as .a .means • o£ bringing the two trans - Atlantic branches of the family together again, fail to be consummated, the ^yast- property was to pass into the hands of the Society for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Hottentots. Having fastened his . attention here, they showed him over the noble estate; and Jack really was quite smitten with Its charms. Then they explained to him that in case of his refusal to carry out the conditions of the will, the young woman would be left penniless, even though it were not her fault the arrangement fell through. Thus Jack was made to see what depended oa him, and-how ungallant it woulS toe o» his part to force this st^jte of poverty upon her. Last of all, these shrewd legal gentlemen gave him a photograph of the girl. That completed the matter. He was already wavering through what-he believed to be his duty in the premises, and the more he scanned the picture of "his kinswoman, Jessie Cameron, " the deeper grew Ms conviction that It was a shame for him to .keep her out of that beautiful property.* Of course, he expected to marry some time-and settle down. Why not now, when the Fates'seemed so propitious? It ended in Jack making up his mind that he would secretly seek the presence of Jessie Cameron, and if he found her all that her photograph seemed to promise, he would attempt to win her love under another name. Quite a romantic Idea for Jack to conceive, but he was shrewd enough not to say a word to his lawyers' about it at all. His first step was to discover where, the young lady might be found, and without difficulty he learned -She was in Edinburgh. It was just when he was starting for thait northern capital that the young American received a mysterious letter, with the postmark of Edinburgh upon the envejdb^. The writer; who was undoubtedly a woman! appeal<jd to his love of fair play —declared that there was a plot op foot to out-general him, and that those engaged in it were unscrupulous in their designs; and finally begged Mm, if the letter should chance to reach him; through his; solicitors, -to* infeet'lfthe; writer before midnight oh the night of May 28, or, 1 if not then, the following night, at the Old Tolbooth, in the Canongate of Edinburgh, when strange things would be'revealed. Jack pukzled' over this missive many times. ; He was strongly tempted to ask the advice of his lawyers, but compromised 1 by seeking a friend and laying the case i before him; with the result that he left. London for the North on the morning of the appointed day, with only the faithful Ah Sm for company, and, as a consequence, we see the twain seeking the historic shades of the Canongate when the fateful hour draws near. \- So much for Buckingham Hjs motives are beyond reproach. What share has Howard Spenc-er in the affair? That is the pussie w-ith. which Jack has been wrestling, and of which he now believes-he sees the solution clearly. Undoubtedly Spencer knew in some way the full particulars of the matter, and has conceived a gigantic plan, whereby he may palm himself off a= Jack Travers, marry the girl, come into th.e property, and strike a big thing. And he has corresponded with this guardian of Jessie Cameron, thife Spaniard or, Cuban, who posss as the girl's stepfather, so that the game has all been cleverly arranged. Jack- can look back to an adventtire he had recently, when he was waylaid l>y unknown men, robbed of money and papers, and thrown into a deep canyon to die; • but in some almost miraculous manner he caught in a tree-top and. managed to save himself. Without a doubt Spencer- was the cause of this attempt on his life, made before the London lawyer found him. Spencer must have fled from the region at once, since to this day he looks upon Jack as having gone over the Styx, and declares himself haunted by his ghost. Why he did not present himself to the lawyers before seeking to marry Miss Cameron, Jaek never can understand, but without a doubt he had reasons for it. With this brief but necessary explanation, the reader can appreciate Jack's feelings, as he enters the room where -be is to meet for the first time the girl who is destined to play such an important part in his life. He has the iiappy feeling of a man who has become the "favorite -of ' the gods, for, unless -the beneficent winds of a fair fortune blew his way, how "else can he account for the fact of Spencer being stricken down at his feet, the chance that led Ah Sin to pick up the all-important packet of letters, and finally the happy outcome of hi= philanthropical resolution to seek the house of seven gables, in order to explain the non-appearance of his one-time friend, Howard Spencer. The picture - which still nestles next to his heart certainly dees not flatter Jessie Cameron. Jack swears under his breath that, charming as he had believed it-prior to this moment, the .photograph is but a wretched substitute for the original.- ? " • .-' .' • • He feels her gaze instantly fastened upon him, and is conscious of a burning sensation over his face;, perhaps it is a blush, if a sunburned young man can be guilty of such a thing. Miss Cameron has also turned rosy red, but as he approaches a sailor succeeds. She looks very dignified and reserved—there is. even a fugitive gleam of fear about 5her" eyes, as though the near approach of the" strange ceiremony causes nervous alarm, and Jack feels a great pity stealing" over him; he wants to -assure this lovely creature that has motives are those of im ljonorable man,, and that he stands ready to conform (£0 the letter of the agreement. The others have the courtto stand baclc and allow these principals a few minutes of conversation. '" ". .-"-•• 1 ' This is what Jack desires-r-the chance to set hiihself right with Miss • Cameron,. ' • -A "Will you thake hands with me, for I am • your 'kinsman, after all, Kiss Jessie?" he says, upon meeting her. She takes the proffered"hand, and her eyes, which had been searching his face in such an earnest, beseeching manner ever since his entrance, drop before his ardent .-gaze. "This is a, most extraordinary affair, and I hardly fenow tow to account to 5'ou for my share of it. I am a bachelor, and I had not dreamed of marrying up to the time my relative's, queer will was -read to me. Forgive me if i aim frank, but It is better you and I should understand•isach;dllier:rv :•) V ••"'-•'' "I like ifrankness above all things,'' she murmurs; and Jack tnkes note of the fact that "hei- voice is quite in hay-! mopy with her charming personality. "Well, 'even then I revolted, antl <aeclared I would give Up ^the whole^ius:- ness; -but my 'lawyers 'proved to me *hat if did £0 It "would cause you to forfeit the ^Ureliroperty. «e your %tises her eyes just^t,.±kis point, I * .like ^ faint praile flita ii*-JULC. »nce. Jack ndui ueva n^l^nce; from off her .ace; Us under,a « spell —,Uiie * 4-1^ IUKA little witch has fcertaJnly chajj-mjjd him. "WJkyv'ihat is" ihe same argament they "used to obtain my consent—that, unless I agreed, yon would be kept outtof all your property and left penniless," she says, quickly. ' It'is" on JackV tongue-to refute the slander, and-tejf her lipj^.alj^a^y wcil supplied with this world's treasure, no mattgE how the case of th? inheritance goes, but he checks himself just inr the nick of time. .. *- . .- -. t. • That would be an. egregious blunder. for, since her motives are influenced only by the desire to help him into his inheritance, she would undoubtedly withdraw from the agreement -if . con vinced that her. sacrifice is not necessary-to the state of his exciiequqr. ' And,. strange as it may appear, such a withdrawal is about the'last thing our bachelor friend desires at "this ssage of his infatuation. ' . To call this fair'kinswoman his own, even though she vanish Srom his sight when- -the last words of _ the - ceremony "have been said, is'jus't iioV a -consummation devoutly to be wished^ ( "Well." says Jack, smiling, "we certainly seem in a position tii respect one another for honorable and cousinly motives. I only hdjie you will not bear me any other than feelings of compassion because Fate gives me a pinch of Paradise and then snatches the picture away." •'•'-''. His words cam bear but one/ interpretation: but she seems to have a -burden on her mind that must be relieved, and at least pretends not to have heard, though possibly what he Said'may arise to confront -her later on and even bring a sense of comfort. "But what' can you think of me in consenting to such a thing?"-she asks, eagerly. > - : - ' "That, under the circumstances, you are more than kind at rescuing from poverty at such a' sacrifice "a kinsman you have never seen, and I shall always hold you -Ie the- zHost gratefol remembrance. Is it possible to alter the condition.? of the agreement?" -—- • She looks alarmed at once.' 1 "No, no!" she exclaims. ""They must be kept inviolate. Under any other arrangement I would possibly refuse to act.", • "And, as I. understand it, after the ceremony that makes us man and wife is completed you pass from my sight for fiver?" "For ever." slie echoes. "Unless at some time in the future, should you relent " "I shall never do that. You understand, this is merely a business arrangement, and sentiment does not enter into it at all," she interposes. Jack only smiles quietly. That was What he himself thought, only to find out his mistake; and he has strong hopes that she will also in time. (To be continued.) 