1898. A Snap Shot Retrospect. We know not what was the inspira tion that led Bishop Ken to write the world- famed doxology — 'Praise God, from whom all blessings flow,' but as we sit musing over the year now so nearly a page of history, the Bishop's ?.spirit possesses us. From a heart bur dened with the sweet memories of the past months, we too would sing — ' Praise Him above ye heavenly liosf , Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' .And have we not just cause? True, the Central Mission has meant work, the word, indeed, might well be spelt W-o-r-k ! ! But to-night, as we think ?of it, the couplet of our own immortal ?bard aptly describes the toil of the year : '? Labour is rest, and pain is sweet, I i: Thou, my God, art here.' And God has been in it all — in the toil and the weariness, and the anxiety -as to finance ; in the classes, and the streets, and the slums ; in every sermon and council meeting, and inquiry room ; in the Superintendent's office, and the listers' Home ; among the winsome but ?erstwhile neglected bairnies of the Children's Home ; and among the honest fellows seeking scientific deliverance from a mighty foe amid the kindly surroundings of the Medical Insti tute ; in the forecastle work on board the ships, and in the fun ??and gladness of the Seamen's Institute. . Yes, God has been in it all. ' All the way 'long it is Jesus,' The one thing that has impressed us ?all through has been the marvellous possibilities for good that continue to .gather around this Mission. True, there are not wanting some ever readv to ?discount its work, or to damn it with faint praise. But here the Mission ?stands to-day, an object lesson men in ?other colonies have been glad to copy, =and that has put heart into many a lonely toiler in the distant bush. Our people believe in it ; many of them give us of their cash, and many more, of their .sympathy and their prayers. The present vitality of the Mission, in the face of the all but super human difficulties it has been called ?to face, now for ten years and Kmore — indeed ever since the Mission took possession of its present quarters, is proof positive of its Divine origin, and of its heaven directed work. Never was :similar work so weighted. What might -jiot have been done for the uplifting of ? .the masses had the missioners but ibeen freed from the strain of finance «ver upon them. Still our song to-day is one outburst of loud Hallelujah's ! We will forget our worries and our aching hearts, and wearied heads in the GLORIOUS TRIUMPHS -of the year now so soon to die. For many months past— possibly for the whole year — not one Sunday has ' passed without our being able to sing — '?.and the Centenary Hall folk do know y .how to sing it : — ' For the Lion o£ Judah shall break every chain And give us the victory again and again.' All sorts of men and of women have ??entered the Inquiry Room. One night a man with a bottle of prussic acid, and -another with a razor in his pocket. Both are now in our possession; -trophies won from the devil! Young men have been saved by scores. Work less, hungry men — alas, very many of them — have here tasted of the bread of life, and are to-day with us, saved both body and soul. Tempted girls, too, not a few, have here found the Sinners' Friend, and are to-day living ?quiet pure lives. True — and our critics make the most ?of this fact — we are not able to house .and safeguard very many who have here been won for Christ. They leave us, or are members of other Churches, or are wanderers from other places. Still we gladly go on reaping. Let others eat of the golden grain. We are satisfied, and intend to go on sowing beside all waters. It is gratifying to be able to report that after making up all deficiencies — and the C.M.M. is rather a spiritual depot than a staid church — our member ship roll reveals an increase of full members during the past months of 77, with 74 at present on trial. For this we heartily praise God. Right out to the forefront of the golden memories of the year, stand the wonderful gatherings of what are known as THE UNITED CHRISTIAN CONVENTION, and the consequent attack upon the enemy — THE CITIZENS' MISSION. The whole work of the C M.M. was mightily lifted during the continuous meetings of those four October weeks. So far there has been but little reaction. In all our experience we never knew a work exactly like unto this. For many years to come the thought of ' THAT MEMORABLE TUESDAY,' upon which so many of the Lord's people realized that for them ' the day of Pentecost was fully come,' will act as one of life's rare inspirations to us. The re sults of that night are stamped upon every meeting of the Mission. Time would fail us to tell of the blessed uplift our class meetings have experienced. Could the influence of some of the C.M.M. class rooms but be felt throughout Australia, the class meeting difficulty would become as dead as a coffin nail. Of the Saturday night Consecration service we would fain have written This ' Meeting of the Clans ' in a blessed ' preparation for the Sabbath ' has always been a test of the general spiritual life of the Mission. The pity is that in place of the average attendance of two hundred, -we do not get a thousand of the Lord's people to come to this truly remarkable meeting. Of the HUMANITARIAN WORK of the Mission, we could write much. The Medical Institute, iu Sir John Young's Crescent, is now taking its place as among the best known of the philanthropic institutions of the city. During the year fifty-one patients have been treated. Each has been in residence for three weeks. A few have turned out to be failures ; but it is known that more than two-thirds of the cases treated are to-day as free from any desire for strong drink as is the writer of these snap shots. Professional prejudices, that generally die so hard, are yielding to the logic of facts. One of the best cases of the year — that of a well- known Australian author — was sent in by one of our most able and best trusted medicos. We are for ever praising God that tbe Methodist Church was led to start such a Christ-like work as this. Missionary Gilbert has just cause to feel jubilant over the work of the year. Among the ships he is every where known as the sailor's fr;end. For their social and spiritual interests he and his noble band of workers have been 'in labors more abundant.' Many a blue- jacket and merchant-seaman will have cause to bless the C M. Seamen's Mission to the day of their death, for the blessing that has met them here. We must spare a line for our GALLANT CRUSADERS, who are holding the fort in such a satis factory manner. Tney are simply ' red hot for Jesus,' and have just tackled the work of filling the Opera House in a manner that is full of promise for the future of that work. And now a joyous ' Hallelujah ' as we pen a closing word about the 'finances of the mission.' It is here where we have had our greatest conflicts. The old bank overdraft is the standing noir of the C.M.M. For its existence neither the present nor the former Supers, are responsible. Its con tinuance has given us a bad name with some, and has been a constant worry to us all. It is the unfortunate result of the surroundings of the Mission, and for which the Conference, and not the Central Mission is responsible. Still, we have accepted the position, and are resolved, at all costs, to rid our selves of this enemy of our peace. During the past few months the Committee have made the Mission self supporting , and better still have reduced the old debt by some £750. Hallelujah ! Such a result would have been simply impossible but for the loyal manner in which the congregations, at both the Hall and at Princes-st., have responded to the Committee's oft made appeals. We have sometimes feared we were expecting too much from our people. But, with a cheerful ness that is simply inspiring, they have given as ive have never known even a Methodist congregation to give. As a closing appeal at the end of a memorable year, the Committee decided upon A THANKSGIVING SUNDAY. The result has been a gratifying sur prise to most. When all is in, we believe fully one hundred pounds will come to us from this final effort, and of this nearly £70 has been contributed locally. It will thus be seen that all along the line we have cause for rejoicing. To-day the workers are in good heart. There is an entire absence of that which, strange to say, is so often manifest in work of this kind — the spirit of grumb ling. Oar last Sunday was a great day of blessing to us all, and we are full of joyful anticipation that next year will see many inroads made into the devil's territory, and many, very many saved by the Lord. 'Again we sing, 'Halle- lujah ! ' ? « ? 