PUGILISM. CHOYNSKI V. JEFFRIES. Writes the American correspondent of the Sydney 4 Referee' :— One of the biggest crowds of the year gathered - in Woodward's Pavilion on the night of November 30 to see the twenty rounds contest between Joe Choynski and Jim Jeffries, the Los Angeles giant. Jeffries pegged back a bit in public favor when he failed to defeat Gas Ruhlin, Billy Maddea's new find, some months ago, and throughout the betting on last week's affair Choynski was the favorite. At first the price against Jeffries was 10 to 6, but a small flood of money from Southern California (where Jeffries hails from) made the odds shrink to 10 to There was considerable wagering at these figures, but in the late betting the Choynski people offered 10 to 6 again with but few takers. Jeffries had away the better of the weights, scaling 2201b to Joe's 1651b. Tbe giant was handled by Billy Delaney, the man who was with Corbett throughout the best of Pompadour Jim's fighting years. It was an interesting contest, and so far as Choynski was concerned a defensive one mainly. Joe discovered early in the game that he could nof. take any liberties with the big feilow, and he became very wary. He ducked out of tight placep near the ropes again and again, while the Los Angelan's heavy paws went whizzing close to his flowing looks. Once or twice Choynski did not get away quickly enough, and he was brought to his knees by glancing swings, but, being always on the retreat, he did not receive many really damaging blows In the first few rounds Joe tried manoeuvres of all kinds to open a way for that punishmg left up swing of his, but the giant blocked him at every point. Then Joe tried straight lefts, and had better luck. He made a sad mess of Jeff's broad countenance, but could not weaken him or get him going in the slightest. The f-os 1 Angeles man is so chock fall of vitality that stabs only enrage hira as the little darts enrage the bull in a Mexican ring- It requires the good old right cross or something else with a curl in it—some- thing that comes from one side or the other, and jars—to upset such a solid mountain of humanity. Choynski didn't try the right-cross, for the simple reason that he knew the other fellow would like nothing better than a chance to exchange compliments of that kind. Jefferies didn't try it' because Choynski didn't leave the ghost of an opening. It was a battle of hfts entirely, Choynski sending his in straight, while Jeff rushed and swung principally. At times, as they came together in clinches, they would sm<sh at each other's ribs with the right, but the body punishment administered by either man was not severe. While I say that Choynski did not use his right (meaning at the head), I would like to qualify this to some extent. He resorted to all kinds of trickery to clear the way for a right bander. Once or twice when pressed he hold his srms crosswise before his face. The first titno he did this Jeff, scenting mischief, stood back ; and the crowd ' ohed and ahed,' as if Jeff had overlooked an openiug. The next time Jeff got ready to throw a left dig into Joe's unprotected stomach, when down came Choyneki's folded right with a chopping action. It just grazed Jeff's chin, and made him draw out quickly without delivering that body blow he was thinking about. Choynski did manage to get his right in once, and only once. It was along about the middle of the contest. J-ff. who was forcing matters, backed Joe towards a corner. Joe made a sudden stand and pinked the big fellow three or four times in succession with left stabs. Jeff became angered or rattled, and crowded in. He raised his big right shoulder as if about to send bis gloved fist atiached to it out on an errand of annihilation, and in doing so brought his body half square. In a flash Choynski timed him with the right, patting in a smash that puffed the giant'b left cheek. A couple of inches lower and it would have been 'Good night to you, Mr Jeffries.' The c >ntest went the full 20 rounds there being plenty of hugging in the concluding minutes of it. t he referee promptly decided it *a draw,' a ad while each man considered he should have had the verdict, impartial spectators agreed that it was as fair a decision as they had ever heard delivered. THE MXJCH-MALIGNED GRIFFO. The Rock-' lad is ensconced in training quarters at Sansalito, across the bay from here, and was on November 21, if all went well, to step into the ring at Woodward s Pavilion for a twentyround mix-up with his old rival, 'Kid' Lavigne, They didn't land Griff in traiuing quarters without a struggle. He arrived here about a week ago from Chicago, the Occidental Club having arranged the match with Lavigne before his Rockslup left the windy city. When he struck town Griffo reported at the club headquarters, but interposed a few objections ia his own characteristic way when requested to betake himself to tbe conditioning camp right away. Yoaig Mitchell, who is match shaker for the Occidental, had an inkling of how { rone Griffo is to get himself into mischief if left to his own resources in a strange city, and ho thought it best to exhibit the iron hand at the outset. Griffo started for <he ferry all right, but he began sampling water fr. nt cock- tails, the result being that he got to thinking too much haste altogether was employed in shipping him across the water. Presently he rebelled outright, and tbere was a mix-np between him and his custodians. They did not succeed in getting the Rocks lad on board the big side wheeler that night (I understand they put him somewhere else to cool off), but next morning he was tractable enough, and now he is over there doing road work and bag-punching aad all kinds of things. T saw him a day or two ago when they brought him over under a fairly strong guard to be photographed in ring costume He is certainlv plump to look at, if not pleasing, but I think he will work himself into fair condition between now and November 21\. The chances of his going «n a tear are rather small, for they are watching him as closely as a millionaire hostage is watched in a bandit's retreat on the mountains. One of his guards—a big fellow named Jack Miles—displays a sheriff's badge an the bosom of his vest (he isn't a sheriff at all, by the way), and Griff has conceived the idea that if he doesn't walk a chalk line during his training days the alleged sheriff will unlimber a baby gatling gun and shoot railroad tunnels through him. I had a few moments' conversation with Griffo, and I was surprised to find that some of his remarks were both pert and pithy. At the same time I should j'idge that making pretty speeches is not his long suit. ' I will b9 writing to the 4 Referee 1 in a few days,' said I ' Bon'tyon want me to tell your friends on the other side that you will surely whip Lavigne ?' 4 That would read kind o' funny if I didn't happen to lick him, wouldn't it V argued Griff, with an artful leer. ' Tell you what you can say though, that he can't lick me, not in a thonsand years. If I don't get ihe best of him he won't get the best of me. That's a sure pot-.' ' How about your condition ? They tell me you haven't been treating yourself right ?' •Well, now, there's a whole lot of people fooling themselves over me. I'm not the hopsless case they make me ont to be. I don't drink as much as they say I do, and I've yet to meet the man who can get the best of me in the ring. I'll surprise some of them when I meet Mr Lavigne.' Becoming reminiscent, Griffo weat on to say that he had been given the worst of it in decisions over and over again. The most flagrant case of injustice he said was when he met Jack M'Auliffe. He enumerated other cases, and his reasonings generally were those of a fellow who considered he had the world against him both in the riug and out. T E A . 